2	I went to this place with family. The service was ok and food was ok but I had a rice water in a large sized cup. The beverage was full of cinnamon at first I was really thirsty so I thought nothing of it. When I got home about 3 hours later I thought I was having a mental breakdown. My head felt weird like I was losing my mind... In short I did some research online and it says that cinnamon is a mild hallucinogenic like ecstasy. So I don't know if it was the drink or the food. I will not be going back to this place ever.
1	SO I love me some 'Bertos' anything since Ive moved into the valley... all the Bertos confuse me.. is it Filibertos? Because Im confused.. well, maybe its a blonde thing I just dont get.. BUT this aint NO Filibertos, yo.. I went to EriBertos this morning.. as I have a few times before since moving to North Phoenix.. First.. S L O W.. secondly, can we say H A I R in my food.. ugh! Nothing worse.. okay.. stomach is turned.. and money is wasted.. I guess I didnt need huevos rancheros anyway.. but when that kind of negligence takes place.. it doesnt deserve even a one star.. boo Bertos!
3	Monday night I was craving carne asada so I stopped by Eribertos drive thru, since it has been at least a year since I last came here. They really need to fix the lil speaker you order through, I can never understand what they're saying! Any way, I ordered a quesadilla & a #8 for my hubby, which is carne asada tacos w/rice & beans, & myself a carne asada burrito w/rice & beans added inside of it. When I pull up to pay I notice a sign w/all their dessert choices. The tres leche cake looks yummy so I order 1 of those & pay w/cash since I already paid for our dinner w/my card. After I paid, the girl working the window informs me the only dessert they have left is cheesecake. I really don't want it but I already paid so I say it's fine. I am waiting almost 10 minutes for my food, which is a tad annoying, but honestly at least it's fresh. My burrito was good & not too big of a portion like some places. Hubby enjoyed his quesadilla, tacos & rice & beans as well, definitely made 2 meals out of it. The cheesecake was not very good & I only ate about half & tossed the rest. Not sure how soon I will be back b/c they are way overpriced for what it is, I spent over $21!
4	Not sure about all the lesser reviews but this place is a favorite of mine. It's close by so I frequent it whenever I get the chance. The service is great because over the years,  with all the big orders, they have never gotten a single thing wrong! Always exactly what I want and cooked how we like it. The hours are incredible just like all the "Berto's" in the city and they have two drive-thru lanes. They have an awesome staff that never changes, outdoor seating (with a TV) and come on...THEY NEVER CLOSE! All the people I bring here from out of town love it. Definitely worth a shot. Plus you can't beat the prices.Try the breakfast burritos.
4	Open 24 hours and the best chicken tacos anywhere.
4	We drove through Sunday around 11:45 to get a burrito.  There was a wait for our food but when we got home and ate it was yummy, hot and fresh.  I like the carne asada burrito and my hunny gets the Arizona burrito.  This is a typical 'bertos type place.  Got to love the hot sauce!!
2	This was my second visit to this location. I received a lot of food for my money but the food is just okay... I love Mexican food and this place is just cranking it out without any real quality. The service was fine and I did not think it took long to wait for my food. I'm passing on this one.
5	this place is by far my guilty pleasure. I work nights and I often find myself getting tacos or a chimi after my long work shifts. Employees are always friendly and their food is so yummy ! Its also in a really great location! will keep coming back
5	Still a great fast stop!  We are not usually fast food eaters but there's that rare time when nothing will cut it but a -bertos!!!  I love the carne asada burrito here.Also they have a double drive through here!
4	It's just another 'Berto's' around the phoenix area. It is pretty similar to most of the other places with a similar name. The one thing that really stands out about this place is that not only do they have 2 drive threws bit they have a walk up window that is also open all nigjt long! This is a plesent feature to a 'fast food' place, i know im not the only one who has tried to walk up to a drive threw and try to order because the inside was closed only to be rudly turned away. Well this walk up window will prevent that from happening at this location. As far as the food goes, they serve you a very generous portion of food. The burritos are huge, stuffed with the meat of your choice, carne asada, fish, beef, chicken, carnitas and then your choice of cheese beans and sauces. Great for a late night meal after a couple drinks.
4	24hr Quick Mexican food??? How can you go wrong?! Think out side the box and try something you haven't before. I went for the Arizona Burrito. It was well made, great tortilla and held together until the end. Right down the street from me, I will be back!!!
2	The food for a Taco Shop is Ok... I got 3 bean and cheese burritos for almost 16$ That's pretty dam pricey if u ask me. I didn't look at the price when ordering so shame on me , but when I got to the window and she took my $ I then asked how much burritos were she said 4.48$ each , shocked and stunned at the price still I didn't have time to do the math in my head , I get my food .. Confused , I pull over to see the menu and BEAN Burritos are 3.15$ cheese is .95 so that equals 4.10$ .. Where did she get 4.48$ ?? And how did it end up 16$ ?!?!  Long story short , BEAN and CHEESE burritos are not on the menu , cheese is a extra cost.  The burrito it's self isn't bad and isn't the best ... Bottom line - do the math before u order cause they don't . I will not be going there again , I can get way better 5$ bean and cheese somewhere else !
3	The food is great! And I really love the breakfast burritos. My only qualm is that it's pricey for what you get and its a long wait in the drive thru. But great tasting food 24-7 is a huge plus!
2	I go there often I like the food.   However the last time I went a couple weeks ago I got my old standby the Arizona burrito.  This time it was so bad I had to throw it out.  Dried out nasty.    Like it had been sitting there for a day.   I haven't been able to go back there because I keep thinking of that meal I had. It just ruined it for future visits. It could have been just a one time thing every restaurant has a bad day. But I was so turned off I didn't go back and probably never will. I normally would've given it four stars but not anymore
1	I pull up and order a California burrito made with CHICKEN not STEAK.It's after work and I'm HANGRY. (Hungry plus angry.) I wait in the drive up line for what seems like forever wish I had chosen to go elsewhere but looking forward to the cheese and the fries and the chicken that are about to arrive all wrapped up in my burrito.I ask the girl to make sure."This is a california burrito with CHICKEN right!? Not with steak."She says yeah and I hear her ask the cooks in Spanish.I get my piping hot burrito. Too hot to eat so I drive it home.ITS NOT A CALIFORNIA BURRITO AT ALL!!!It's chicken with onions. That's it!No cheese, no fries. Nothing I wanted.I want my 7 dollars back.How hard can it be!?  WTF!?  Aaaaaaahhhhhh.
