1	We only go here because it is close to our house. I am getting the feeling that they train their managers to be non customer-service oriented, but PRETEND like they are customer-service oriented. Here's what happened:I go in at night for a few things, so I don't get a cart. I grab my stuff quickly and there's only 1 checkout lane open, with 1 family and a huge cartful of stuff. I couldn't reach the belt to put my things down, so I just stood there. The lady repeatedly called for backup cashier help. FINALLY someone came--AFTER another family came up behind me...the guy came and told THEM (who had been waiting maybe 20 seconds, and me, several minutes) to go over to the next aisle. Meanwhile, the ppl in front of me had not only a huge order, but they separated it and paid in 2 parts.  When I got up there, I complained to her and asked who the manager was. She pointed at Mr Inconsiderate. I berated him and finished paying. She was quite nice and apologetic. He tried to talk to me on my way out.  BUT--since he is already the manager and has no sense (and this is the 2nd time a manager has done this to me in this store), I just wanted out and to get home and not go back to that store. There are plenty of other places to shop--no need for me to spend $ at that one.AND, if you are going green and walking there or riding your bike, don't forget to watch out for the shrubbery/flowers that are way overflowing onto the sidewalks.  Also, careful riding your bike. The bikerack is right by where there's an outdoor ashtray, so if you have asthma, or are pregnant, or just don't like the smell, that could be a problem. I tried to move it, but it's made of concrete, so it was quite heavy.
3	I live near here.  They always have good sales, and my wife sends me there with a stack of coupons and I fetch the items she wants.  I'm always able to find what I need.What I really like at this location is the deli counter, especially the fried chicken.
4	Update. They have actually improved quite a bit from the last time i reviewed them. Got the plants trimmed, and seem to try to get the next person in line instead of whoever's in the back.
4	I loved shopping here!  Great prices, good selection, usually kept in good order and smells wonderful during the winter holidays.
4	I love Fry's for the convenience, the organization, and the cleanliness. The veggies and fruits are always at a great price, and are super fresh. They stay good for a long time. They always have wonderful specials at holidays, and their flowers are excellent--beautiful arrangements and great prices.Use your fry's card and get an account, and you can load coupons directly to your card and earn points for a discount on gas. It's super easy and a great way to save money.
3	Convenient location. It's right across from Sprouts so works great as my fall back for items that are too expensive or not available at Sprouts. I haven't bought much in the way of produce from here but their meats are always at a good price and their dairy section is well stocked.
4	Wow! It's the best place to buy groceries!
4	This is my go-to Fry's.  I have no conclusive evidence, but I feel like Fry's is cheaper than Safeway.  Feel free to argue amongst yourselves.One word of advice: don't forget to grab a shopping cart outside the doors before you go in.  I've been going here for two years and I still forget that until I'm inside, and have to turn around to go get one.  I have had overall good experiences with the meat, produce and dairy products.  I've had one ridiculous experience with the deli counter, but I'm going to chalk that one up to what must have been a brand-new employee on the evening shift.  I will try again before forming judgement.  The cashiers are all very nice, and I've been here enough to recognize which ones to try to aim for if I have the choice.  Pretty standard checkout experiences.One more perk for Fry's over Safeway.  They have the traffic technology that analyzes how many people are in the store and estimates how many lanes need to be open right now, and in 30 minutes.  The cashiers can plan accordingly, and there are seldom long lines.  Nice touch, Fry's!
4	Right across the street from Sprouts Farmer's Market, easy in and out no hassle parking lot. Much cleaner and better organization in comparison to the Alma School and Warner Frys we used to shop at. I will continue doing my non-SFM at this Frys!
2	In my 15 years living here and all the different Fry's I've walked in, I have never had to bag my own groceries. I was shocked!!!
4	I am in this store everyday. I love fry's. They are the cheapest but lack on product availability. There has been several times this store has changed the layout and discontinued items that I frequently buy leaving me with no other option but to shop somewhere else. They do know me by name though.
