2	Sorry if this offends anyone.  I can't stand the place.  The only good thing I order is the meatball sub.  Even that could be better but it's filling.  The pizza is really not good at all.  I've ordered there twice thinking maybe the first time was a fluke.  Well, it wasn't.  The pizza turns out soggy even if it's burned.  Yes, they gave me a burned pizza!  The cheese that they use is super cheap and oily.  Good cheese should string if it's fresh and of good quality.  No, not the case at all!  I say, 'don't waste your money!'  Go elsewhere even if it means going to Pizza Hut.
2	I've gone a few times, ordered something different each time, hoping that something stood out as good. No such luck.Lasagna, manicotti, and of course pizza. Nothing was that good.
5	Great food and service large portions. Yummy and great sized hot and ready servings available for good prices.
5	It isn't the best pizza I've had, but it is BY FAR the best pizza in Buckeye, AZ.
1	The worst pizza I ever had ice tastes like sewer. I ordered a sub the meat was old and bread was stale. Service sucked don't it here unless you want a stomach ache.
2	Not good pizza.
1	This is by far the worst Italian food,I've ever entered into my mouth. My family and I,came to this place after a vacation in Mexico. Needing something other than Mexican food we figured Italian would be a good start and we were starving. Now the Palermos in Ca. is awesome,so we assumed it would be good....bad assumption. We ordered the pizza with all kinds of meat,veggies,and extra cheese,I believe it's called the supreme. Also the spaghetti,deep fried mushrooms,and house salad. To start,the bread rolls that come with the spaghetti were actually quite tasteful,however the spaghetti noodles were mushy,the sauce was straight out of a can(no flavor),watery,and the processed meatballs had obviously been defrosted. Then the house salad arrives,let's make this clear DO NOT expected some amazing salad creation;lettuce,tomato,dressing,your welcome. Now the pizza,extra cheese in translation with this place means none at all;the dough had a freezer burn taste,the can sauce,defrosted sausage crumbles,and the green bell peppers were actually a brownish color. For the finale,we ordered the fried mushrooms,when they arrived we all noticed the dark pigmentation. Well when we took a bite,it was certain that they were far to overcooked and lacking any taste. We then asked for another order,a different waiter brought back a new batch that were a completely different shade of tan. He asked "We're they frozen in the middle?",frozen? Is that a reoccurring problem also? I picked up one of the mushrooms I had saved from the first and said "No,they were overcooked,look at the difference". The new batch was not overcooked but flavor was nonexistent. Had we not been tired,sun burnt and starving we would have left. So for those of you who are not tired,sun burnt and starving,go elsewhere,go find real authentic Italian food.
2	Flavor? Nope.The pizza was a bit larger than I expected, and that would generally be a good thing, but there was almost no flavor art all.I am originally from Chicago, and I therefore come with reasonably high standards when it comes to what makes a quality pizza. This place didn't come anywhere near meeting any of them. The sauce was really bland. The sausage was in very small pieces on the pizza, and it had virtually no flavor. The parmesan and Chile flakes were at the counter to be taken to your table, but I didn't notice that they were there until I was done eating.The service was pretty decent.
4	Ordered a pie and medium wings from here today for us and some out of town guests that we had. The service was great and very friendly.  The food was hot when we arrived to pick it up.  When we got home and opened it up it looked amazing.  When we bit into it it tasted great.  The wings had just the right amount of spice, and they were cooked perfectly.  The pizza had just the right crisp on the crust.  My guests were really impressed with the food choice.  I personally have always liked the food from here, but today it truly was awesome.  The only flaw that I have with Palermo's is they are a bit pricey.   That is why we do not order from there too often.
5	I think the guy I met was either the manager or co owner..I just moved here from San tan and this was the first place we visited. It was pouring down rain and my kids were craving pizza and wings. We had been moving all day and so many things were left in boxes I could not dare cook. I watched this man make everything from scratch and as I was asking him questions he actually answered them with enthusiasm. The food is great but the customer service is incredible. I placed a phone order and was given the wrong food. When I called in and explained the problem the same guy was very apologetic and offered to replace the whole order free. He said the young lady was new so I totally understood. No one is perfect but the fact that he cared so much about how I felt was amazing. I am a lifetime customer!
