5	Grand opening today.  I could not wait and am so happy to have it so close to my home. I was not the first 100 but the in the 1st 500 people today.  It was a crazy grand opening.  They did an excellent job getting people through the line.  Large bright aisles large selection of fresh fruit and flowers.  Organic and affordable.  I will never have to step foot in the Fresh and Easy on 48th and Warner ever again. Yeah!
3	First off, I am SO happy to have a "health food" grocery store in Ahwatukee.  Our closest is Whole Foods on Ray, which I adore, but a closer one is always welcome.  Absolutely INSANE there this morning.  Each line had maybe 30 people in it.  No way I was waiting, but Sprouts does have great produce sales and good variety or organic, which I am trying to eat more and more of since I am knocked up (and I say that affectionately).  I made one lap waddling through the store and noticed they didn't have some of my favorite items there like the mini EVOL burritos my sweet pea loves and the store seems awfully small for a Sprouts.  Nonetheless, I am happy it is here and will return for a little shopping when the chaos dies down a little.
4	I was so excited when I saw that a Sprouts was opening right down the street. So of course my boyfriend and I went to the grand opening! It was basically chaos in there but  it was clean, well organized and lots of staff were on hand to help everyone find exactly what they needed! We ended up buying some sushi, bulk granola and some other odds and ends. The granola was seriously wonderful. The only downfall is all of the screaming children, and the children not being controlled by their parents, ick it made me anxious. When we checked out there was seriously like 20+ people in each line but they had, "line bouncers", to make sure people weren't cutting or anything and they efficiently got us through the line quickly! Plus we got a free reusable sprouts bag!  I will defiantly be a frequent shopper at Sprouts!
4	I'm so glad this place finally opened!  Sprouts is the only store I've found that sells milk, butter, and beef from genuine pasture-raised cows (not just "organic," meaning cows that are fed organically grown grain but don't necessarily get to walk around or see the sun).  They've also got an ok selection of organically grown produce, though I really wish they had more (hence the 4 stars -- come on, guys!)
2	Like the natural products section...but poor selection of organics and WAY overpriced.
4	Big beautiful new Sprouts!  Love all the space in this store compared to the other ones.  Everything was easy to find and the employees were helpful.  The produce section is beautiful, as usual.  I had some trouble finding the artichokes, but there was an employee right there to guide me.My only beef is with the way the cash registers are set up.  Unless you are on the end, you will be butt-to-butt with another patron.  I have been hit by toddlers and knocked over by cheap birkin knock-offs when their self-centered owner swings around to take stuff out of the cart.  I would think with designing a new store they would have put more room between the registers.  If you get stuck behind one of the Widettes and their screaming brats, you are S.O.L.  Might as well wait until they toddle on out unless you are lucky enough to find an end register open.  I live within walking distance of another Sprouts, but I am glad I checked this one out.  If I'm in the area again I would definitely stop in.
3	This location has some good things going for it and some bad.  I was pretty excited when they opened as I used to drive down to the one past the 101 and Ray.  I'm not sure if it's because they are closer I am more critical or if they are still getting setup.  They seem to have a much smaller selection of organic vegetables for such a big store.  They are pretty much always out one or more organic items be it cucumbers, celery, kale, etc depending on what day you go so I always wind up having to go by another grocery anyway.  They also have a really small beer selection so if you are in the mood for something to drink that's usually another stop as well.  On the plus side they have good specials and a pretty wide selection of non-organic produce so if that is your thing you are all set.
5	The newest grocery store to add to a long list of options in Ahwatukee. Why would you visit Sprouts?  The fruits and veggies are better priced then anyone around hands down, their a LOCALLY owned business and it's a great option if your not a fan of the oversized grocery stores.They have all the healthier options that we need these days and very few of the overly processed foods we should avoid.  The other day I was at a competitor and couldn't find a single low fat plain greek yogurt although they had 1500 options of Yoplait.  I love that although there are fewer options at Sprouts, they have what I'm looking for.  More doesn't always mean better.This new store has all the bins you could need, a great coffee selection with free samples of the daily brew and some inexpensive yummy baked goods.Thanks Sprouts for coming to my neighborhood!
4	They serve sandwiches that you custom order for $2.99....that could be my entire review but I'll give more details just to paint a better picture.  You walk in, directly ahead you see the delicatessen counter and hanging above that a sign advertising custom order sandwiches for $2.99.  You'll ask yourself if it's a dream or not, how could such a deal exist when you've been paying $10+ for lunches everywhere else?  And how could you have gone this long without knowing of such a place?Once you've come to your senses and regained composure you'll walk up to the counter and a slightly rude woman will bark at you to fill out the order form with what you want on your sandwich and to then leave it on the counter.  You'll take your time with your selections, making sure to compose the ideal combination of bread, meat, cheese and condiments.  When you've finished you leave the form on the counter to be prepared and try to make yourself look occupied as you wander the store waiting for your masterpiece to be created.Then that glorious moment when your name is called, signalling that your creation awaits.  The only thing left is to do is pay and drive as quickly (while trying to remain safe) as possible back to whatever location you plan to eat at so that you may enjoy it.
5	Great place with great produce, and EXCELLENT customer service!  Simply put and nothing else to say. Go check them out!
5	Shop for produce here every week.Stop in for lunch a few times a month.  Can get a fresh made deli sandwich for under $4.  WAY better tasting and fresher than subway.  Grab a piece of fresh fruit, head to the bulk bins handful of sweets and you have a fresh and tasty lunch for under $6!
4	Good produce, good meat department, limited grocery selections.
4	I am a fan of Sprouts.  You can expect fresh and quality when you shop here.  This store is new, big, nice and clean.  The produce usually is fresh, though I have run into a few occasions when the produce was well past due and some of the meat was on the last days.  It's not a big chain grocery store and they have a great selection of supplements.
5	I started doing most of my grocery shopping here. I love the variety of goat cheeses that they carry. The produce is always fresh and they are always well stocked on their fresh herbs.  They don't have any organic ground turkey at this time, so I have needed to go elsewhere for it, but everything else I can get here. The gluten free bread variety is great. I find myself shopping here at least two or three times a week. The customer service that you can expect here is top notch! A+
2	Each time shopping at the Ahwatukee store the employees are chatting among themselves (including managers) and not focusing on customers.  Even at checkout the cashier and bagger are chatting it up and you feel like you're interrupting them.  No it's not every employee that ignores the customer but it is that general type of vibe you'll encounter at the Ahwatukee store.  I shop also at Tempe and the one on Glendale and its a whole different vibe.  Employees at those locations smile make eye contract and are not busy talking to one another.  Maybe they have a different district manager?
3	My review is for the deli today- NOT impressed! I will preface this by saying that I am pregnant so a food mess up is pretty catastrophic for me at this point (yes, I do realize how stupid that is). Ordered my sandwich, picked it up, paid for it. Head for the tables that are usually near-ish the deli. No tables. What the heck?! Ok, guess me and my 7 year old will eat in our car since we have shopping to do next door. Get to the car, open the sandwich, realize that there's no bacon (which you pay extra for) and the avocado (also paid extra) isn't pieces of avocado but rather a slightly green tint to the bread...the smallest possible amount of mashed avocado. Go inside, tell the lady I want to return my sandwich and I will just eat somewhere else. She offered to let me keep the first sandwich and make a 2nd one the right way (awesome- why this is 3 stars, not 2). I don't need two sandwiches so I just ask her to add bacon and more avocado. She does, and back to the car we go to eat when I realize there's also no mustard! Maybe it was mixed in also in the tiniest amount possible with the tiny avocado smear. Totally unsatisfying experience after having driven 30 minutes from Maricopa to satisfy the craving :-/
5	This place is great!  Sprouts has got organic produce, organic meats, a really really nice deli bar and doesn't break the bank like some of it's competitors.  They used to be a store chain here in the Valley called Sunflower that I like even better for prices and small-town feel, but Sprouts bought it up.  Smart for Sprouts but sad for those of us who loved Sunflower.At Sprouts you always find the staff to be extremely helpful.  I've always had very positive interactions with everyone from asking produce guy questions to cashiers being extremely helpful providing courtesy ice for meats and cheese.
4	Barbecue Time!  Love Sprouts, not as much as Whole Foods or AJ's, but it's right around the corner from my house and the prices are much better than either of the aforementioned purveyors.  It's more like a big Trader Joe's than a Whole Foods.
5	This place has gotten much better than when they first started. They now have some of the best meat and seafood in all of Phoenix. Just got some sushi grade Ahi Tuna today for $6.99/lb. The produce has improved the most. It used to not last long after you got it home, but I have not had that problem in many months now. Outside of a few things at Costco I buy all my food at Sprouts now. It now even become one or my favorite lunch spots since they have $2.99 deli sandwiches made to order. They are WAY better than the sub shops, except Arizona Sandwich Co.
1	I don't know if it's because it's kind of late or what but the staff in here tonight was extremely rude!!! Glad this is my first and last time here!!
5	This Sprouts is much larger than the one close to my house. Good selection. Nice layout. I like that they have those small shopping carts.  Good job!
5	Great spot.
5	I used to live right next to this location, and with it still being the closest to me, I'm definitely here 'almost' as much as the employees. Everything is fresh from the veggies, to the chicken. They have my favorite Lara Bars, (peanut butter chocolate chip) which I pack my work bag with, and also kombucha!  Love the deli sandwiches and salads, and Every time I've been here, the employees have been more then helpful and friendly. I'm not a fan of grocery shopping, but with all the fun products and healthy food, I actually like to take my time here:)  O and also, very cheap prices and sales!!!  see ya at sprouts!
3	Beautiful, huge, newer Sprouts Farmer's Market in Ahwatukee! This isn't my regular Sprouts I shop at (live in Chandler, shop at the Ray and Dobson location); however, I work nearby and will occasionally pick up some coffee or lunch. Dude and I were taking care of his family's dogs / home while they were on vacation, and did our weekly shopping here. As expected, quality produce, chicken, bulk products for a great price. The place gets super cramped on weekends. Know folks talk about how small the Ray and Dobson location is, but I've never experienced that kind of gridlock.Unfortunately with that gridlock comes awful, entitled, "I'm important, gtfo out of my way now!" Ahwatukee personalities. *gag*I think we were grabbing some fennel (quickly, mind you) and this crusty woman was intentionally ramming her cart into my ankles. Fortunately for her, we just wanted to get our groceries and get home, so I didn't swing back. I know you shouldn't rate a place based on the clientele ... Yet ... Southeast Valley Douchebaggery was a rampant theme that day, and not the most pleasant experience.Thankfully, the folks at the registers were polite!It's a lot calmer going here during the work week. :)
4	Sometimes the customer service in their healthfood department is lack luster or no one is there to help even. They do carry most things I need so its a 4 star day for sprouts I say.
1	Walked into Sprouts today, 10/3/14, & browsed over to the bakery area to get tortillas and saw there were muffins out in the open. No worries, although I thought 'who'd buy these muffins that aren't covered?' As I walked closer to the tortillas, next to the muffin, a large cockroach walked up the wall separating the tortillas from muffins. Seriously, how foul. I will never return to this store & highly recommend nobody else shop there or eat the muffins.
5	I LOVE sprouts. I love everything about sprouts. They have an awesome drink selection, their sandwiches are huge and only $3. Always have great produce, I have never found one fruit fly or smushed piece of fruit. I have nothing bad to say, at all, whatsoever.
