5	Michael Bailey is a person who has lost 100lbs, earned a degree from ASU in Exercise Science, Became a professional lightweight MMA fighter and coach, certified personal trainer (8 certifications), and licensed massage therapist.  He has a unique blend of expierence and education with his passion for helping others is bringing a new wave of fitness to you!
5	If you are looking for the most effective workout on the market, Chandler Fitness is the place to go!  Michael understands body mechanics more than most.  His classes are a blend of cardio (boxing/kickboxing) and strength training - functional fitness.  I am not the most fit person - BY FAR - however, the classes are small enough that I get individual attention and training without personal training prices.  It's an 8 people max, which I find very nice.  He has a personal relationship with each of his members, so he is more than aware of our individual fitness goals. Not only is he one of the most knowledgeable people I've met, he is the most compassionate.  He does not see members as dollar signs, but as opportunities to make their lives more fulfilled.  Being overweight himself helps him connect with people that are struggling.  He finds ways to trigger you so that you find your motivation.If you are physically fit now, he also has a way to push you to the limit!  I've seen men and women in amazing shape pour sweat going through his exercises.  I feel blessed to have the opportunity to work with him!  He can definitely get you to the next level :)Oh!  one more thing:  the gym is in excellent condition, is clean and doesn't smell like a bunch of sweaty bodies!
5	I have trained with Michael for 9 months. Initially rehabbing an ACL replacement that wasn't moving along as fast as I wanted despite daily physical therapy.Michaels knowledge changed that in a few weeks and I was back " in business " much faster than my doctor estimatedBecause of his talent, knowledge and unique approach I have kept on training with  him since then and not only increased my fitness level but also learned a lot about body mechanics and training Highly recommended DH.
