4	This is the best restaurant in the Kitchener/Waterloo area.
4	Janet Lynn's was pretty much my entry into fine dining as I grew up and went to university, as an incredibly classy and romantic anniversary. It's been my go to place for special occasions ever since. The menu doesn't change much but the service is just so attentive that It keeps me going back. The room is lovely and maybe a bit stuffy, but it is a welcome change from the restaurants that are closer to the universities. I did feel out of place at first because we were the youngest people there, but our waitress was so nice and helpful with everything on the menu/wine list.When the food came I did scarf it down (possibly to the chagrin and scoffing of the table next to us) but it was so delicious. The duck and chicken were so delicious as was the creme brulee for dessert.Forget Symposium for first dates, take him/her to Janet Lynn's for something romantic, memorable and elegant.
4	I went to university in Waterloo in the 90s and stayed for a few years afterward to work. I am now in Long Island, NY but was back in KW to meet up w my UW friends. We selected JLB.  When I lived here and JLB was in uptown Waterloo I had heard fantastic things about this place. But I had never been, so I was very excited about going. Truth be told, I came out a tad disappointed.Will start off w the good:Service was fantastic. Attentive without being overbearing, they understood we were "reunioning", and were not intrusive in any way, despite our slowness to order.  Server knew the menu very well, and made great recommendations.  Perhaps I am now a dumb American but I left an extra $50 bill for my che(que)(ck) and the waitress double checked my generosity. Very honest of her.  Stupid new $50 designs.I have never really cared about ambiance, but the place is a little loud.The food was ok.  Unfortunately, I began this review 2 months ago, so I can't remember exactly what we ordered.  I do remember our general impression after leaving was that was ok, but not great. Overall, I am giving this place 3.5 stars, which is heavily influenced by the service we received.   Breakdown: 5 stars for service, 3 stars for food.  Ambiance, like I mentioned, I usually don't care about, but but it was loud.  Fortunately Yelp doesn't do half stars, so yelp rating  is 4 stars.
5	I've become a regular at the new location because it offers the best food, wine, and service in the KW region.  I've dined here many times for lunch and dinner, it never disappoints!My only suggestion is to change the menu from time to time or offer more specials.  I wish there were more places like this in the area.
