2	Their claim to fame is their burger, but I have had much better.  The patty was thin and overly seasoned.  It only comes with cheese and everything you have to ask for extra.  I asked for lettuce, but I didn't get it.  There were no pickles anywhere.  Blasphemy.  The fries were kind of thin and skimpy.  Much better burgers at the Wisco and Ella's.
4	This is the kind of place you come after the weekly softball game. And that's exactly what my team mates and I do. We show-up sweaty, despite of that they give us an excellent service, greasy, yummy fried food + strong drinks. Perfect. Don't expect gourmet here because you're not going to get it. On Friday, they serve airy cod fish fry, which I thought was pretty good. My new favorite munchie  here is deep fried button mushroom ($6) - pretty good  if you could tolerate the thick breading. The patrons in the dining hall (which is separated from the bar area) tend to be older folks with their kids or grandkids. Very nice and homey atmosphere.There's a beach volleyball court in behind the bar. So if you want to preserve your figure after loading up on the deliciousness, you could do that.
3	Alt's is a fine bar and restaurant.  The burgers are a little too greasy for my taste but they always have good flavor.  Prices are fine too.  It is more of a Badger Sports bar and has a faithful following that has developed over the years so you see a lot of these old timers there and also some new timers.   It is rather small compared to other sports bars.  The servers have always been nice when I have been there.
3	It's not the best fish fry, but if you're looking for a decent one on a busy friday night then this is your place.
3	This place has is a nifty little home-town feeling bar and family-type restaurant. The food is ok but nothing to shout about. Its seems like everyone really likes this place but to be honest i'm not a huge fan... The reason is that I work nearby in which it requires me to wear a suit. This place is really close and a nice place to grab lunch at. As soon as I walk in everyone sitting in yesterday's clothes drinking at 2:00 in the afternoon. It's just really unwelcoming to "outsiders." I won't say they do that all of the time but 2/3 times they do. Aside from that it does have kind of a cool sports bar type atmosphere. Big Screen TV's and such make for some spotting of the games and they are pretty good. Going there afterwork is pretty fun but still not the everyday place I want to go to watch some games.
4	I likie it!   fun volleyball, respectful crowd, a little dark in the bar area, and FREE popcorn!
3	Definitely a family place. My grandparents took me here for a good old Wisconsin Friday night fish fry. I had the fish sandwich, which was pretty good, though I don't have much to compare it to. The fish was pretty light and the tartar sauce was good. Choose wisely: the fish meals come with either a really big side of fries or a really small cup of coleslaw.The owner came around to all the tables with a plate of cookies after we had finished dinner (it was a few days before Christmas), giving the place a small town feel. The other half of the place is a bar, which I didn't have the chance to visit.
5	Alt' N Bach's serves great bar food and pours strong drinks. As a vegetarian, I never imagined I could eat good food here. Besides very good soups and salads (and a veggie burger), co-owner Kathleen brings in vegetables from her garden and they make veggie and turkey ciabattas with them, as well as a very tasty caprese salad. Not your usual bar food, at very reasonable prices and with great service from the staff.
4	A consistently good, unpretentious Madison fixture. Good food and drink, with a staff that is attentive to what they are there for. No "off somewhere playing with my new I-phone which is much more interesting than my customers" type of nonsense. You won't be left chewing on your ice cubes before you're asked if you're ready for another one. Not pushy, just simply (and rarely elsewhere) attentive. I used to go there all the time for lunch. :-)Then my company moved. :-(  So I couldn't go every week.Then I met someone there that I met online. :-)Then I married her. :-)))   !!!!So, I guess this is not exactly an unbiased review, but I hope you will give them a try. They certainly will do the same for you!**Results not guaranteed. Your actual mileage may vary. Void where prohibited.
5	Adorable cute family owned and run diner. You can tell everyone there from the staff to the customers have been there for years and know the place like the back of their hand. It's definitely tucked away but it's worth looking for. You get this home-y feeling and all warm and fuzzy inside. Their food isn't bad too ;)
4	Mmmmm wings
3	We visited this establishment on a Saturday and found plenty of room for our party of three. Its a nice place just off the beltline and has a good cheeseburger.I'm only giving this place three stars because we all had the same thing so no other food options were tried. We also had a delay in being welcomed by the wait staff after sitting at our table. Once we were acknowledged she did return at regular intervals to check on us. The other issue was the smokers puffing away a little too close to the door. When the door was opened the smell of cigarette smoke entered the room.This is a place I will return to and try some of the other menu items.
5	I had never been to alt n bachs before and stopped in to grab a burger and beer. I was not disappointed the burger was tasty and cooked to perfection. The beer selection was good and very reasonably priced. My bartender (Julie I think) provided excellent service and friendly conversation. I will definitely be back!
