5	I just love this place.They have a whole Flight theme going on which was so much fun. The drinks where amazing and lot's of specialty drinks(cucumber special). My favorite by far. Great feel of Scottsdale Oldtown but New Flavor to that area. The employees where very kind and attentive to us, which I loved. Like to be spoiled.If you get a chance to go I recommend it highly. Food was good but a fantastic wine list with a great variety to pick from.
2	FIRST THE GOOD THINGS:* Beautiful and flamboyent owner. She actually talks to customers!* Even more beautiful stewardesses (waitresses, hosts, or whatever you call them)!* Attractive airline theme. Too bad airlines aren't like that anymore!!!* Comfortable indoor and outdoor seating areas.* First rate live music by bands like Glyde. * More women that men -- and they all seem to wear short skirts!* No cover charge.NOW THE BAD THINGS:* Parking is a disaster. Expect to pay $6 for valet parking or be prepared to walk a long way.* Drinks are overpriced. * Live bands don't have a stage to play. In a way it's cool because they play on the dance floor, but....... continue reading:* The area to dance is very limited. Unoccupied tables take up a lot of the areas where you could dance. It's a good thing the tables didn't have people when I was there because dancers and diners would fall all over each other. * At first glance it would seem a great place to dance because the floor is made of wood. Unfortunately the wood is sticky so it's difficult to do anything but stationary wiggling and hip grinding. The sticky floor combined with tiny floor areas to dance will discourage any kind of real couple dancing. * If more than two couples are dancing at a time be prepared to do bump into your neighbors -- which might be kind of fun if one of those cute waitresses is walking by! My two left feet don't do well around things that can spill.* The tiny areas to dance double as the walkways to the other areas of the bistro. During busy areas that will create very congested runways -- and may cause flight delays. Apparently Flight wasn't designed to have dancinng or live bands, so although it's good they have both, it's not a marriage made in heaven. If Flight takes off and attracts large crowds it will be like an airport without a control tower!
2	Saturday afternoon a couple of friends and I thought this would be a great place to go before our evening festivities.  We were the only people on the patio and I did not see anyone inside.  Tables on the patio - the benches don't line up with the table. The table is about 5 inches too short for the benches.  It looked as though I didn't belong at the table.  The server came over quickly after I sat down, he asked what I would like to drink, followed by, "other than water, its on its way out."  I asked for a taste of a wine from the menu, which he brought promptly and when I told him I didn't care for it he graciously offered other suggestions that he allowed me to taste.  He'd now been back to the table 4 times and each time I reminded him about my water and I still did not receive it until one of my friends forcefully told him I still needed water.  Drinks all set we start looking at appetizers - their Facebook page advertises $5 happy hour, in reality they have about 4 glasses of wine and a few vodka drinks for $5, there is no food in the "$5 happy hour."  We ordered the meat and cheese combo, it arrived with pita, grapes and MOLDY strawberries!  Yes moldy!  I immediately brought the plate to the bar and asked for a new plate.  Its not as if the strawberries were merely placed on the board, there were sliced and carefully arranged - how did the chef/cook/person slicing not notice there was blue mold all over the strawberry?We also ordered the buffalo wing dip and a tenderloin sandwich, the dip was good, the sandwich was meh.My friend had told the server at the beginning of us ordering food that she was planning on ordering a certain dessert.  So when we finished our appetizers she asked him for the specific dessert he said that they were no longer serving it.  This seems like something he could have told her the first time she mentioned it.Hopefully they work out the kinks and fix the tables.
4	Great food,  great service. I really enjoy the look and feel of this establishment.
2	I was here the other night for a networking/mixer event. I'd heard this place was overrated and and expensive so I probably would never have come here if the event wasn't held here. Couple things that are okay.-Bar (better be okay or they'd be screwed)-decor (the place has a fun vibe for sure hence why they get an extra star)Couple things that suck big time:-IDIOT cocktail server (someone asked for a hoppy beer, she said right away she didn't have one. but not because she knew what he meant, but just assumed they didn't. then when he went through 5 different types of beers, she didn't know them. Come on chick, your job is to get people drinks. Learn what you have and what you don't. There were other things she did that blew my mind - my friend ordered a glass of wine and then gave the server her CC. After which, she asked for water. The girl was like "water on the card?" OMG. I almost threw my drink in her face for being so dumb)-Food - they had some happy hour specials. (Mediocre at BEST. My friend got the chicken tacos. I had a bite and they were okay. I wouldn't pay for that. They weren't god awful but they sure as well weren't something to write home about. Rather, they're something you wish you didn't eat because the calories just weren't worth it. We also ordered the buffalo dip. It was good! Thank god. But how the hell could you mess up cream cheese and buffalo sauce. That's just win win.)Aside from the people there for the event, I really don't think anyone else was there. And I'm pretty sure it wasn't a closed event. Will I be back? Chances are highly unlikely. I'd rather spend my hard earned cash at a place with better food and better drinks and servers that I don't feel like smacking up side the face.
1	Closed in under a year.... oh well Cream was better...
