3	This location has never been particularly friendly to restaurants - from the original steakhouse (Quincy's, maybe?) to the Jamaican place that replaced it (Pop-a-Top?) to the first Chinese buffet that replaced it, to what was perhaps the longest running business, The Green Tomato Buffet, none seem to have fared all that well. Maybe the problem is that they have all had a buffet of sorts. Regardless, someone else has decided to give it a go, and this time they at least may have a bit of experience.I say may because I really don't know for sure, but there is an Ichiban over near the airport, and certain aspects of this location remind me of that one - some fresher ingredients on the hibachi, including the ability to get an egg mixed in, some more creative sushi rolls, even frog legs on the buffet. No guarantees, but it's possible.As to the food, for the most part it's a buffet. Generally the food is less fresh than you will get than if you order off of a menu, but for a buffet, it's pretty decent - especially the sushi and hibachi options. Buffet food is generally about average. I can say that I ate it and I didn't die, so that's a win.
2	Stopped in Sunday for a try even though I'm not a fan of Chinese buffets and was not greatly impressed. This location has the standard Chinese buffet fare, nothing special, the fried chicken, my personal favorite, was dismal, to say the least. The only reason I gave it two stars was due to the efficient and courteous staff I encountered.
5	My new favorite buffet place it was amazing everything i ate was cooked perfect they have great sushi prime rib and a hibachi station. prices are amazing 4.99 for lunch and 9.99 for dinner i really hope this place sticks around
5	My friend and I ate here for lunch on 3/15. We loved it and will go back again. I have nothing but kudos for the food and service. They had crawfish and awesome shrimp. There was nothing that I could say was bad. People are too picky. For $6.99 for lunch...all you can eat... If you complain...stay home as evidently your cooking is supreme. As for me and my friend, we will definitely let them do the cooking. The service was wonderful.
2	was thrilled a new place opened, but it fell short of my expectations...first off, the exterior of the building could use some work...I don't know if they rushed to open the place, but it helps if the establishment looks good also from the outside...next, the hostess placed us in a rotten/bad seating...hostess mistake, when you have so many available tables, you do not do this to a customer...I told her, we are moving to another table and she had a vinaigrette face...I didn't care...on the inside, the place looked ok, until I saw the cigarette smoke stains/or mold on the celing from the prior business...look at the ceiling by where the TV is at...the food, some things were good, spare ribs, crabs, desserts, but I will stop there...the fried rice was tasteless...why even have it out there unless its a filler...the beef and broccoli was ok, it would have been better if it was hot and not luke warm...the fried chicken, dry and day old...the egg roll, pretty bad...they must've made it themselves...why, not standard size...you taste a lot of the wrappings instead of whats on the inside...hot and sour soup, too liquidity, not hearty at all...the service was ok, but who just goes for the service if the food is not good...by the time we were leaving, people were packing in the place...don't know if they were just trying the place cause its new, or really liked it...I will say this, usually I will spend about an hour eating at a buffet, this place, I was done in 38 minutes...I will never go there again, not worth the time or money...next day I went to Hibachi Grill to redeem my taste buds...for those of you who will not heed my words of warning and venture to this place...I cum Deo...translation, Go With God...wear a cross and do a couple of hail marys also before you go!
1	Went here for dinner. The hostess who seated us noticed the dirty, used, unfolded napkin on the floor in front of our booth but didn't pick it up. The waitress who stopped at the table looked at the napkin too, but didn't pick it up.  The waiter at the next table stared at the napkin but didn't pick it up.We decided we didn't want to spend our money here. When we left (45 seconds after being seated) I said to the hostess, "We're not staying, do you want to  know why? Because three people--including you--saw a dirty napkin on the floor and didn't pick it up."  She started to say, "The person whose responsibility that is... " but I stopped her and said, "It was your responsibility. It's everyone's responsibility."If you don't have enough pride to keep the front of your restaurant clean, what do you suppose the kitchen looks like?
4	Big thumbs up.Went there for lunch. This is an expansive buffet - and everything was good. I really love the chicken on a stick. I could just make a meal of that. The sesame chicken, spring rolls and dumplings were also good. Unlike other comments, I think the new owners spruced up the place from the last restaurant. I'll admit - this is no palace. But inside was clean with new carpet and new paint.Expect a little noise, maybe a kid or two. That comes with a big buffet place like this. But the service was nice and the food was very good. Let's face it - a $6.99 buffet is hard to beat. Especially with so much to offer. They also have sushi (didn't try) and some American items, which just seems out of place - but I know other Chinese buffets do it, too.Bottom line: If you are really hungry -- go here.
5	The buffet is a great value and has many choices. Everything I tried was cooked right and had good flavor for buffet style food. I started with sushi and it tasted rather fresh and kept at a decent temperature. I wish they would label the sushi bar items better though. The sushi is separated cooked/uncooked, but that's it. I'd like to know exactly what kind of rolls I'm eating. They also need to have more serving utensils on the sushi bar. I give them a big plus for having shrimp sauce on the buffet, along with all the other sushi extras. All of the chicken and pork I had was tender, juicy, and flavorful. I know I will be eating here many times in the future if they keep the good food coming!
4	I eat at a lot of buffets and this place is pretty good. The food always tastes fresh and doesn't look like it's been sitting out for a long time and the sushi is good. I haven't tried their hibachi but everything else has been a hit!
2	The restaurant seems fairly clean inside, although they missed some details when they "remodeled" before opening.  This is an inexpensive, expansive buffet.  They also offer sushi and an hibachi grill.  The for is about 90% processed, frozen foods, as are most buffets.  Unfortunately, the quality of what they serve is in the economy class.  Most everything is over salted and over cooked.  The sushi is made with low grade seafood, you can certainly tell by the smell and the unpleasant tastes.  The hibachi grill would be tolerable is they didn't drown everything in soy sauce.  This is a good of the same quality and taste style as McDonald's or Burger King.  It's cheap, easy, processed foods, with a few veggies thrown in, sold in vast quantity at very low prices.  Their service staff also misses the mark frequently, with tea and water glasses often going empty.  They also greatly grown upon you not cleaning your plate before getting another, even if what you have on your plate is not palatable.  Not my go to place, but they are nearby and fat and cheap.
3	I still have mix feelings about this place!! So I'm giving it a 3 star rating. We started to go here because it was a lot closer to our home. It is in a weird location and doesn't seem very appealing from the outside. However, this is one of the fewer buffet that is unique from others. They have a larger selection of food choices. They have some different dishes that other Chinese buffet do not offer on top of still offering your typical dish, a decent selection of sushi and hibachi. If you are in the area and looking for a Chinese buffet to dine, I would recommend you give this one a try!
