1	I went in for a tooth cleaning. They told me they had to do some "medically necessary work." Not being a dentist I trusted them. I told them that I absolutely could not pay for it unless insurance covered it. They assured me it did. I had them double check to be sure, again they assured me. I went home and researched what they were going to do. Finding online that it might not be medically necessary I called back to cancel my appointment. Dr. Warren got on the phone and assured me it absolutely had to be done. I went forward with the work. After it was all done, I found out they had not done their due diligence in talking to my insurance--it was not covered. I was able to scrape the money together to pay them. I was upset and paid in all $1 bills. When I went in to pay I was informed I was the third person to pay that way that day (shouldn't that tell you something?). I am seeing a new dentist now who I enjoy much more. He also told me what Dr. Warren told me was incorrect and the procedure was not medically necessary, just an up-sale. Never going back.
5	I was more than pleased!  I have been in the dental profession for 34 years and due to some changes in my career I had not had my teeth cleaned in alomst a year.  I was refered to this office by an orthodontist firend of mine.  He said this office was top of the line in everything they do.  He could not have been more right.  I got an amazing complete exam, cleaning and xrays.  The Doctor took an amazing amount of time with me and I felt like I had the best (most compreshensive) dental visit I had ever had!  Keep in mind, I have been in the dental business for over 30 years.  I would suggest that anyone looking for the finest dental care around to contact this office.
5	As a dental hygienist, I recently had the opportunity to work at this office a couple of days while one of their hygienist was on vacation. I have to say for those of you looking for an outstanding dental office that offers nothing but quality care, has an amazing staff, and the latest technology in a beautiful environment this is the place for you. Dr. Warren truly cares about his patients overall health, is very educational, and spends quality time with each and every one of his patients that walks through the door, besides offering exceptional dental work. Having three dental hygienist means you won't have to wait to get your teeth cleaning appointment. They all have years of experience and are very knowledgeable in treating periodontal disease. The dental assistants and front office staff are always friendly, happy, and the entire office works well as a team to ensure the ultimate patient experience. It was a pleasure to work here a couple days and so glad to see that there are dental offices still out there offering a class act superior service.
