5	The idea behind Bahama Bucks is genius...especially in a place like Arizona. Delicious, refreshing and very affordable. I have frequented many of their locations but this one is the closest to my house. I try to branch out with their many flavors but usually end up getting the same thing--strawberry colada with tropical cream. You won't be disappointed!
5	This place is awesome! If your in az and having a hot day this is the place to go! This places makes you feel cold! The shaved ice is like ice cream!
4	I'm not too into shaved ice but the kids love it. Unfortunately they closed the location by our home but this one is close enough. My daughter dropped her entire drink on the floor and they comped her another one-even though I insisted that it wasn't their fault that she dropped it.
5	So I'm sitting in my house in Oklahoma, wishing I was in Mesa so I could go get a baby strawberry-colada with cream. It just sounds so, so good right now. I miss Bahama Bucks. It was a fun treat while I was growing up and then turned into a fun treat for my kids. We would go in almost once a week, and every time I'm home, I home visiting, BB is a place I must go. The couply that owns this particular franchise is fantastic. They get to know their regulars and definitely are great people.
4	I love this place and so does my hubby summer or winter we are there at least twice a month. The staff is pretty friendly, we met the owner once he seemed busy but other than that ok.
4	I remember Bahama Bucks from my old ASU days.  When one of the girls said let's go I was happy to!  I was glad to see one was down the street from where we were, so plus plus!  It is in the strip mall in a huge plaza.  It is by the Native New Yorker.  It was pretty packed on a Saturday night, so we waited for about 10 mins in line before it was our turn to order.  Ordered and then waited another 10 mins before our order was completed.  I ordered the blue coconut with cream, YUM!  I only had a baby size, it was just right!!!
5	I absolutely LOVE Bahama Bucks! I have a friend who works at this one; Noah Packer. He was in my writing class.. He got me into this! I still have two free Bahama bucks tickets that I'm using today.. I recommending this to everyone I know! Definitely 5 stars !
5	Love this place! Delicious little treats, so many different flavors. Great for any occasion.
