2	Ok so first of all, this is my very first review and i just had to write about my experience here at happy nails. My cousin and I came here to get a pedi the weekend of super bowl last year. Waiting wasn't bad at all considering there were only a few ladies there and I believe there were 3 nail techs working? Anywho, I had a lady name Christine working on my toes. She told me that she was just helping for the weekend bc she actually worked at a different location. She seemed really friendly. making small talk with me... though it was very hard to understand her bc she had a really thick accent.. but I just do what I always do, nod and smile. As she was getting started on my toes, I noticed she was a bit rough. Ohhhkay..... a lot rough actually. It very unpleasant but I just sat there gripping onto my magazine and prayed that she would hurry up and just finish already. After she painted my toes, I told her that I wanted a flower design and I even pointed out the design to her on the sample board. She smiled and said 'ok' in which I started to feel a little relieved since my time there was almost coming to an end. I proceeded to look down to read my magazine for a while..  but as I made a quick glance at my toes I noticed that it did not look like the flower design that I had chosen. Instead, it started to look like the cardinals logo! WTF.  now why would you do that???? I quickly asked her what that was and indeed, she was attempting to draw a cardinal on my toe (not a good one either, btw). I told her that's not what I wanted but she still kept insisting that I get it bc it was super bowl wknd. I was thinking to myself.. "Look lady.. i'm sorry, I love my cardinals and all but I am not getting that on my toe okay?!" Gahhh.She finally fixed it for me and put my original design of choice on and practically chased me out of the store. I  think she felt a little insulted that I did not show interest in the design she picked for me but come on now, really???? That obviously was not what i wanted so why would you go and do that? I am obviously paying for it so I should be able to get whatever I want on it. This ain't free woman!!!OH, and also.. they did not accept tips in any other form other than cash, in which i did not have.. but needless to say, I didn't feel all that bad about it. And no, I will not be returning!
2	Good price.  Not so good service.  Enough said.
5	My husband and I were both in desperate need of a pedi on a Sunday and the most recent place I went to in this area was closed on Sundays.  We walked in and the receptionist was very kind and scheduled us to come back in about 45 minutes.  Since we live down the street, this was no problem, so we ran some errands and returned.The salon was VERY clean unlike another one down the street which I visited 6 months prior.  The techs were nice, the chairs comfy and the atomosphere relaxed.  I got a regular pedi with a french/design, hubby got the callus removal pedi.  The total was $51 for the two of us- pretty standard for our area.Susan was really nice, polite and did a great job on both of us.  I always feel bad for anyone that has to deal with hubbys feet- they aren't the most attractive and he works a blue collar job so they take a lot of "wear and tear".We will most definately come back.
5	Susan is the nail tech that helped me with my fingernail disaster! I had broken an acrylic nail and I didn't stop from there I peeled the rest off. So this nice place told me how good my natural nails looked and went on from there. My nail issue is fixed with my natural nails and gel polish. AWESOME! Susan is very nice and funny, like we knew each other forever. Very nice place to go.
