5	This place is AMAZING.  Certainly one of the things I miss most about Pittsburgh.  If you love to bowl, you owe it to yourself to head to Arsenal Lanes.  If you hate to bowl, you owe it to yourself to head to Arsenal Lanes.  My dad remembers going here decades ago; I remember going here half a decade ago.  It's cool to know we were both hip 20-somethings going to a hole-in-the-wall bowling alley.  The alley's on the second floor of a building, surprisingly enough, and there's a full bar to meet your needs.  Forget those gigantic, warehouse-style, fluorescently-lit bowling centers of the 80s and 90s:  this place is the real deal.  Good, inoffensive lighting, a special on bowling (and drinks) every night of the week, and a way to make it family- and adult-friendly during regular hours.  Despite its being more old-fashioned, they do have up-to-date scoring machines for those of you who are timid about keeping score by hand.  ;)College night was always my favorite.  Bring an I.D. saying you're 21, a college I.D., and you get games for 50 cents and beers for 50 cents.  Can't beat that!  I've yet to come across a bowling alley with a comparable deal anywhere.Oh, I miss this place so much.  Please go there and bowl a few frames for me.
3	I would give them a higher review, but last time I was there we had bought a couple pitchers of beer at last call 1:30 am and then they proceeded to rudely kick us out at 2:00 am SHARP not letting us finish our beer. We weren't a rowdy bunch either. Not sure what the point of letting us buy beers was. Just to scam some "college" kids?
4	Arsenal Lanes is a refreshing alternative to the standard antiseptic chain bowling alley.  This place doesn't seem to have changed since the 1950s, save for the electronic scoring system.  It's got plenty of character and local color; yinzers with mustaches, tattoos and chains in Steelers jerseys abound.  It's cheap to bowl and even cheaper to drink.  Even if you're not that into bowling, Arsenal Lanes is a great place to go and have a good time.
4	As far as bowling alleys go, this is a pretty good one. Located on the second floor of an old building, there are two sets of alleys, and a bar with pool tables. The only drawback is the ancient computerized bowling consoles which are kind of difficult to deal with.
4	Bowling with a bar attached that you can smoke in, what more could you ask for. Maybe some updated computers for keeping score.  Other than that, they have good specialy m-sunday and it's a great place for large groups to get wild, bowl, drink, and have some laughs.
5	I love this place ! It was my first time going to this place today and the experience was wonderful. Although its somewhat hard to find parking and you have to park on the street,  once you're inside its like you're in a totally different neighborhood.The decor was so cool, since it was established from 1938. The velour curtains and wooden walls, floor, and pillars took me back in time!  On top of it, the customer service was great. The person working would also come over to offer help and was a great aspect of the atmosphere.
3	Arsenal Lanes.  A Lawrenceville icon.  Maybe even a Pittsburgh icon.  It's definitely part of the experience of living in our fair city.  I mean, I guess.  To me it's just basically a bowling lane. ::shrug::I've never felt that I've spent too much money on bowling here, and usually the crowd is good.  I can't bowl basically at all, so I can't speak for the quality of the equipment or the lanes or whatever you'd talk about if you had any idea about bowling, but I've always been satisfied with the place.I have extraordinarily big hands, so none of the house balls really fit my hand properly.  Not that this matters, because any game in which I break 100 is a good game.Why did I only give it three stars? Cash only.  Why is this city stuck in the 1800s? So many establishments are cash only, and my job only pays me in theoretical money, so I get reamed at the ATM.No outside food.  I had to eat a gyro on their doorstep, because I wasn't allowed to bring it in.Bouncer at the door after a certain hour.  I realize it's probably not their fault, but it sucks when there's that ONE person in your group who's under 21 or forgot their ID, and you need to go find something else to do with your night.  While this doesn't happen to me much anymore, any group of college-age folks might have their night messed up by this policy.
4	It's a pretty awesome neighborhood bowling alley. I love bowling and this place just feels like the right place to do it. It's definitely different than suburban bowling alleys. More compact space, there are lanes in 2 different rooms, and the one room has the advantage of being closer to the bar. There's no smoking in the alley, but you can smoke in the bar/lounge room, but specifically not if you are standing at the bar. There are some pretty good nights at the alley to take advantage of 'all you can bowl' for $8. Shoes are still $4, but 12 bucks is not too bad for a night of bowling. Especially on a Monday night when a pbr draft is $1.
5	A great, quirky, hipstery, bowling alley with an awesome bar.
4	Love this bowling alley!  It is totally vintage and on the second floor.  We found free parking 1 block away.  My friends and I had a blast.  I took off 1 star because although there is a cool bar next to the hidden lanes in another room.. the bartender was awful!  He gave me all ice and very little alcohol.  I asked for 2 buttery nipple shots and he actually put ice in those!!  Wtf?  Who puts ice in shots?  Keep an eye on the bartender, you'll know if it's him.  I didn't try the food.  Other than that, come here for a great time!  Since there is a bar inside you must show your ID to get inside.    The music was sweet too.. they had a nice variety going on.  It's hard to explain the atmosphere.. all I can say is that this alley makes normal alleys look lame!
2	Recently went to a work holiday party at Arsenal Bowling Lanes. This place has been here forever and I can remember coming here as a kid when you had to keep track of your own score with paper.Arsenal Bowling is in a very cramped space (for a bowling alley) so there's not much space to hang out and enjoy your drink behind your lane.  Srangers are constantly walking through your group and bumping into you.The bowling balls are pretty beat up, there's not much selection, and most of the balls don't even have their weight on them.  The food is typical fried bar food and overpriced.  The drinks are very overpriced.  Only one bartender was working so the wait at the bar was terribly long.  We had to keep skipping turns for the people going for drinks becuase it took them so long to get back.Compared to a fancy bowling alley like Jillian's in Boston, Arsenal is extremely ghettotastic.This is really a 1-star kind of place, but I'm giving a 2nd becuase it's a Pittsburgh Classic.
5	I feel like I traveled in a time machine every time I bowl at Arsenal. I figure this was what it was like to be a teenager in 1950's Pittsburgh. Nothing has been updated in years and that is what makes it great. Sure if you are a professional or hardcore league bowler you probably will complain about the lane conditions, the archaic scoring computers, or the lack of space between the lanes. But if you bowl just for fun from time to time you will really dig it. Every night they have some sort of different "special" going on. Sometimes it is 50 cent games, sometimes it is dollar beers, and every now and again they have live bands playing. There is also a little old school bar connected which is nice. For a cheap fun night out filled with nostalgia for an era you weren't even alive for give Arsenal Bowling Lanes a try.
4	This place is the beeeee's knees!I admit, I canNOT stand bowling. From the unflattering, slick-bottomed shoes to the memories of smoke-filled bowling alleys growing up, I have never been a fan. My experiences bowling include (but are not limited to) severe embarrassment and humiliation, laughter (directed AT me, not WITH me), and never scoring higher than 35. Yeah, I know - pathetic.That being said, Arsenal has elevated the bowling experience to a whole new level! With the aid of terrible, yet delightful (or delightfully terrible) karaoke singers serenading in the background and booze-tinged games, bowling is now actually FUN. Combined with the super-duper retro look and the cozy atmosphere (lovin' the weird lounge/bar in the back), you've got a winner. While it isn't sparkling clean or your typical glossy 21st century cosmic bowling alley, you have to bear in mind that this place has been around long before any of us were born.My experience here for their annual New Year's Eve party was just too much fun to forget! I will definitely be back in 2k12, especially if they keep up that $10-all-you-can-bowl night.
4	I haven't had this much fun in ages.  Old school bowling alley.  Nothing has probably changed in 40 years and that is part of its charm.  The place was packed.  Came for the 80s night which apparently they alternate with 90s night.  We got 90s night but that was still a lot of fun with an in house DJ.  Paid $8 for 9 till midnight all you can bowl.  That does not include the cost of beverages which you can buy from the bar they have on the other side of this enormous space.  A decent variety of beer.  My personal opinion is that they should have a smaller bar set up on the other side where the lanes are so make it easier for you.  Oh and they only take cash.  They conveniently have a cash machine right on the premises so you don't even have to leave if you don't actually carry cash.  Lots of fun.  Great atmosphere.  Would highly recommend for a fun, cheap evening out.
4	I don't always go bowling, but when I do, I prefer Arsenal Lanes.I don't always drink beer while bowling (okay, I'm lying on that one) but when I do, I prefer to do it at a place with a full bar.I don't always....okay, that's enough.  I really like this place.  Total time warp, but it has an almost "classy" feel to it.  There's always some sort of special, too (check the website.)  They serve food, and they have a full bar.  Bar prices are more expensive than I'd expect in a bowling alley, but not overpriced.  Most bowling alleys have that gross "bowling alley" smell.  You know, the acrid mixture of feet, smoke, failed dreams, and old people.  Arsenal does not fit this stereotype.  Every time I've been here it's been a mixture of hipsters and college kids, with a few of the "My Name Is Earl"-type crowd scattered in for good measure (Hey, it IS a bowling alley, after all.)I've bowled in probably 15 different places in my lifetime, and this is one that definitely stands out above the crowd.  The best time to come is in the evenings when they do All You Can Bowl for $10 a person.  Check out their schedule online.
3	this is a cool retro bowling alley.  a major complaint is the cash-only policy (i find cash only places extremely annoying) and didn't spend as much as a result.  i would rather not spend money than get ripped off by exorbitant atm fees, so businesses suffer as a result.  also, i wish the weight of the balls was labeled - i know exactly what i need but couldn't find it so had to just guess.
3	Arsenal Bowling Lanes is showing it's age to put it nicely. Seriously though the have carpet on the walls, who does that anymore?  The place was packed and still has a bit of antiqued charm. Were were at advantage,  on Sunday afternoons they have a bowling lunch special. .50 shoes, .50 sodas, .50 bowling games and .50 cent hotdogs.   The cashier was a major sweetheart. Normally when I am traveling with a big party...I am made to feel rushed and unwelcome and like a big inconvenience. But the cashier really blew me away and didn't rush us. Getting 10 pairs of bowling shoes for mostly kids under 12 can present  a challenge.  We hadn't finished our last games until 15 minutes after the special had ended  but the cashier still applied the discount to all of our games. However the  sodas were undrinkable, they were lightly sweetened seltzer water and were undrinkable. The hotdogs rather  then being grilled were actually boiled. I also found it  very unpleasant that Arsenal Lanes makes you pay for a book of matches. Overall my experience was good here because I was hosting my little sister's 12 birthday. We were a party of 10 but were made to feel comfortable and welcomed ..50 bowling shoes and .50 bowling can't be beat.
4	There is always a 'special' going on at Arsenal. Check their website for the daily flavor. On Wednesdays for example, there is a live band. There is also usually an AYCB special going on later in the evenings (anywhere from $8-11 for a few hours). It can get a little pricey if you are drinking; although they do have some drink specials on certain nights (again - check the website because it is literally different every night). If you're in the front room, you'll have to head back to the other, smaller room and into the bar for cocktails. All of the lanes are automatic scoring. I have my own shoes, so I can't comment on comfort or price. Go ahead - judge me. The balls kinda suck (as in ... they may roll straight, maybe not, some of them have chunks carved out etc). So if you're serious and betting your first born on a game, I'd bring my own ball. Arsenal at the end of the day is a fun spot, close to Larryville bars, and looks like it's out of a creepy 60's movie. Enjoy!
1	I don't like the non advertised $6.00 cover.  In a printed add in the Citypaper it states .50 shoes, .50 sodas , .50 games and .50 shoes. I was tight on money but still wanted to have a birthday outing for my 5 year old cousin.  I was with a party of six and we bowled a total of 7 games.  The total cost for the games was $10.50.  Now math isn't my strong suit but .50 * 7 does not equal $10.50.  I was very annoyed to say the very least. I'll be waiting awhile before I give Arsenal lanes anymore of my hard earned money.
4	As a casual bowler, I've bowled at Arsenal more times than I can remember. It's a great place to go with friends, bowl, and enjoy the retro-styled lanes...and do so at a reasonable price!Bowling can add up, but most nights (and Saturday afternoons), Arsenal has all-you-can-bowl for between $8-10 for 3 hour windows. Each night has a different vibe to it (80's night!), but overall, the one vibe that's consistent is that Arsenal is a fun, relaxed place to bowl. They don't adhere to the cheesy midnight glow bowling approach to make money, so you're not going to find kids everywhere. Bring your ID, as you'll definitely be carded at the door. This is a bowling alley geared towards adults. It's old school and fits perfect into the persona of Lawrenceville.My only complaints would be geared to more "serious" bowlers. If you care one bit about oil patterns, etc., be prepared to experience less-than-stellar conditions...especially during special hours. While it's hardly surprising at $8/3 hours, bone dry lanes can be pretty annoying. You'll also likely be annoyed by the vintage ball returns when you're on the even numbered lanes, as they can get in the way if you kick back at all. Therefore, come to Arsenal ready to have a beer a bowl for fun. If you're going to be serious, you'll probably just end up frustrated.
4	Arsenal Lanes is the go-to bowling alley in Pittsburgh.  It's not perfect bowling conditions on a busy night, but if you're looking to get the most bang for your bowling buck, you should come here.Their specials (both bowling and drinking) can't be beat.  Make sure to check their website before you go.  I think it's cash only (at least for bowling) so make sure to bring some along.  They have an ATM on site too.The last time I was here we came on a Friday for all you can bowl from 9PM - 12AM.  We got there around 8:15 and hung out at the bar, where the bartender told us he would let us know when to line up for the open bowling.  This was a huge help because around 8:30 he told us they were ready and we ran to the front of the line to secure 3 lanes (for a group of 18 people!).  I'm not sure if you can reserve lanes ahead of time, but if you have a bigger group definitely get there early.  My only complaint, similar to other reviewers, is that the bar service is really slow, and sometimes there are problems with the lanes.  Still, it's 100% worth it for a great night out.
1	TERRIBLE. Rude employees- I will NEVER come here to bowl. I have never rated a place this low EVER in my yelp history- but I have never had this bad of an experience at any place in my life. As soon as I walked in the door and walked up the stairs- the bouncer looked me up and down, and then asked me (or yelled at me rather)- "WHO ARE YOU WITH?". I patiently relplied- I'm not with anyone- I just wanted to go to the bar for a quick drink. To which he yelled (I don't know why he was yelling at me because I was quietly answering- "IF YOU AREN"T PAYING TO BOWL- YOU CAN"T DRINK IN OUR BAR."Seriously!!?? First - you can look at my previous ratings on yelp to see I'm certainly not a dramatic person- I can't not believe how rudely I was treated at this place.Just because you are the "hip" place to go doesn't mean you cant treat someone like trash for no reason. DON'T GO HERE if you care at all about customer service.I've tried to come here to bowl three times within the past month and each time I've come I've been turned away rudely.
1	This place isn't worth your time. There are FAR better bowling venues in town.So what's wrong with Arsenal Bowling? Rude staff. Slow bar with limited selection. It's cramped and dirty. Lanes are reserved pretty much 24/7. Misleading specials (other have posted about this).I try to be an easy-going guy, but after trying this place a few times I'm done giving it another chance.
3	Friday night bowling is a blast. They also have karoake. The problem is that the karoake dj does not have all the typical selections for karoake. Also the karoake dj seemed very grumpy . Get a new karoake dj and this place would be awesome.
5	I love this place. I really do. Contrary to other reviewers, I've never had difficulty getting a lane, even on a weekend night. I think the bar selection is more than adequate and come on...most bowling alleys you're lucky to get a Miller Light and that's about it. There are tons of great bowling and drink specials. I've taken a bunch of out-of-town guests here and everyone has loved it (in fact, one asked to go again when he visited a couple weeks ago). This is an excellent alternative to a typical bar night and I love going to 80s night here before venturing over to 80s night dancing at Belvederes.
1	Oh Arsenal Lanes...we could have really had something...Bowling? I haven't been bowling in like 10 years. It was a friend's birthday and a large group of us went to dinner and then headed to Arsenal as per birthday girl's request. It was a Monday night. When we arrived we saw the signs "$8 All You Can Bowl." Our group was met at the top of the stairs by the door man who was taking the money and giving everyone bracelets. Another friend and I didn't want to bowl, and were just going to hang out and drink (you know...sit at the bar and SPEND MONEY) but we were told, and I quote "well, unfortunately you still have to pay the $8 cover." Really? Wow...turn off number one. So I whip out my debit card and it's "sorry, cash only." Sure, why not. I mean, it's only 2013. So I ask for direction to the ATM and "it's out of order." Well of course it is. So, all of our friends pony up our admission and we head to the bar. I wanted to love this place. I really did. The decor is killer. The back bar was beautiful. I felt like I should be smoking cigarettes out of one of those stick things and wearing a bustier...but I digress. I was willing to ignore the junk attitude of the doorman and the $8 cover to drink and not bowl when I saw the sign that said "Monday is Service Industry Night $1 Drafts." Score. Or not. We were informed by the bartender that the bar took debit, but only with a $10 minimum. This annoys me. I know MANY places place minimums on their credit/debit purchases but this isn't legit. For real, legally, they can't. Look it up. Anyway...The dollar DRAFTS (plural) were advertised on yet another piece of propaganda as Coors. Fine. We were then TOLD that the only $1 drafts were actually Pabst Blue Ribbon. Hey, I'm from WV, so I can work with that. HOWEVER, at this point, I'm over this place. The bartender's attitude was just as, if not more, stellar than the doorman's. I told a friend, fcuk this place, I'm not giving them any more of my money. He pushes a 5 in my hand and insists my gal pal (the other non-bowler) and I have a Pabst and chill. I give her the 5, tell her "whatever" and go have a seat. My boyfriend ordered shots. They were overpriced, to say the least. So my girl friend goes to get a few of those dollar drafts, it comes to 2.10 with tax. Yeah...figure that out and I'll buy the next round. She gives the guy the 5, and a nickel and 5 pennies. Her aim was to get ones back for a tip, and of course more dollar drafts later. He says "yeah sorry it doesn't take pennies." The "it" he was referring to was his CASH REGISTER DRAWER. She says "it? it's a cash register. It's legal US currency?!" He says "yeah, take it up with my boss." Oh, you mean Mr. $8 to not bowl...yeah, I'm sure he'll listen. Long story short, this place is a joke. The service is terrible, the attitude of the staff sucks, and believe me, they are the ones missing out. My crew can put down a $500 bar bill easily, but we saved that for the next stop. It's a shame, because as far as looks and lounging this place could have been a real hit. It's no wonder it was DEAD.
2	I'm not sure how I'm giving this two stars.  Maybe I am because I'm a classic sentimental Pittsburgher and this is a classic.  On my most recent adventure here, the bouncer took my $10 cover and then told me there were no lanes for 3+hours.  Um, okay.  Needless to say, a refund was given and we went somewhere else.First, I'm by no means a bowling-type person.  So I don't know how professional the lanes are--but I can tell you that this joint is shabby and cramped and packed on weekends.  People will walk across your lane.  Others who know more than I tell me that the equipment here is pretty terrible.  And lots of people seem to bring their own bowling balls and shoes, so do what you will with that.Second, here's where my expertise comes in: the bar.  The drinks are on the expensive end for a place certainly has not been renovated in my lifetime and that almost always has covers.  However, there is a surprisingly decent selection of beers and liquor for someone with a more high-end alcohol taste.  Moral: you could drink here and watch your friends bowl and be sufficiently toasted enough for that to be entertaining.  I mean, if that's your thing.Third, the ladies room here is like an adventure every time.  If you chose to make this trek, it is guaranteed that you will miss your turn.  It's way way way in the back, probably doesn't have TP, and there may be a super long line.When I lived in Larryville, this was convenient.  I don't recommend this bowling alley if you don't already happen to be in the 'hood.
2	This is my first time to Pittsburgh and my friend lives right near the bowling alley. We both really wanted to bowl, so we went there at 10:15 on a Saturday night. Given, it's their happy hour (or what have you) so it was busy. And no, there were no lanes available. But my God, are the staff there completely and total D*cks. Like, seriously. I can't even put into words how obnoxious they were. Even though we couldn't bowl, we were prepared to drop money at their bar and wait for a lane. But no, we couldn't stay. They actually followed us out of the building. What the F-word did we do to deserve that treatment?I won't go back there. I'll enjoy the rest of Pittsburgh, and try to forget the jerks at this freakin' place. Blah!Edit: My Friend really wanted to bowl, so we went for the Sunday special. Different staff were there and was much nicer then the jerks the day before. Still, after that treatment, I'm only adding one star.
4	This place seems fun.  I wanted to come here for quiet some time and I finally got a few friends and rented a lane for the Saturday night special ($10/person 3 hours bowling; 9pm-midnight).  There was a nice, fun atmosphere, nice music playing and a bar if you wanted with a good variety (well you have to know that you are not coming to a bar but to a bowling alley :) ).  Snacks that we tried were decent too and as far as bowling a lot of fun.  I think it is a nice place to spend some fun time with your friends and I will definitely go back again.
4	From the minute you walk into Arsenal lanes you can tell it's something special. It's difficult to imagine from the outside as it takes up practically an entire second story block on Butler Street. Arsenal quotes itself as being "where old-school bowling vibe meets night club atmosphere," and I would have to agree! The whole place is brilliantly decorated (we're talking fully shag carpeted bathrooms) while maintaining an authentic bowling atmosphere. Each night is a different special open to the public (usually 21+, though) ranging from "service industry night" to "90's night" and often complemented by a live band. These specials include games from as cheap as 50 cents, one dollar draft beers and nine dollar unlimited bowling. Cheap drinks can be found at the bar, which is--my only complaint--at the farthest end of the alley. You can also only carry out two drinks per person, which means one person can't go get a round for the group, which can easily but a pause on a good game. Still worth it, though! I would definitely recommend Arsenal Lanes for a group on any size and on any night of the week.
5	Coolest bowling facility I have ever been to. I mean don't get me wrong...I don't bowl much (maybe once a year) and I have only been to a handful of bowling allies but this one tops the list! Very retro and kind of broken up into different sections on the second floor of a block in Pittsburgh. So I had to freakin' buy socks. It was a spontaneous thing and I was wearing boat shoes, so I had to buy this four dollar pair or rage, knee-high socks. Okay, they were just crew socks but they felt super high because I was wearing shorts.  It was a pretty ridiculous look I had going on.  I still have the socks and will try to hang on to them for a while because of the fond memories.  I had a great experience at Arsenal.  Whether you are a local or a tourist visiting Pittsburgh, you've got to check out this bowling ally.  Highly recommend spending a couple of hours here while you are in town.  For us, it was a really fun thing to do after a long day of exploring the city.
1	As soon as you walk into this place, you feel like you have caught an STD.  The manager smells like a sock that has been worn for 5 months straight.  The "deals" every night are very misleading, there are major hidden costs.  The kitchen has a 30-minute closing window where basically the bartender or cook can close the kitchen anywhere from 10:45pm to 11:15pm without warning.  Avoid at all costs!!!
4	I was surprised that I had not written a review of Arsenal before now.  This place is by far the best bowling in the city limits. The crowd is always great- local hipstery Lawrencevillians that are my people. The daily deals are quite good- make sure to go online to check for the deals before planning a visit here.  Karaoke night is a blast here. The lazy part of me wants to complain about walking all of the way to the back of the place to the bar to grab a beer, but it ain't no big thang. I went here with a friend on Easter Sunday night, 21+ where a drag Easter bunny passed around goodies to everybody- a hellava good time.  Plus, I won the raffle and got a free 10-person bowling party with pizza and beer!  Obviously I will be coming back soon for that!
2	I've been interested in coming here for a while now so tonight I finally decide to make the drive down and check this place out.  So I get there and decide to order some food which I'm told has to be ordered at the bar which I do.  I never carry cash so when I get to order my food the bartender tells me that it has to be a 10.00 minimum and it was 8.75.  Thank fully I had cash on me this time and paid for my food.I now get back over to the bowling area and go to pay for the shows and break out the CC as now I don't have cash anymore.  The female that was working told me sorry cash only which no where on their website does it state cash only or I would have taken cash as most normal places take credit cards....I ask if there is an ATM there and she states no sorry it's broke you got to walk a couple blocks to the bank to use it there.  I was not the only one told this either tonight when I was there.  So long store short if you go make sure you take cash and don't expect great customer service.  I will probably never go again but it was a neat feel being there and how old fashion the place was.
1	Until yesterday, I was ready to host a party there in September and a team builder before with our small business before that. After our experience yesterday with a party of four, I certainly won't be returning with a party of 20+. Not worth my time or frustration for a group.       We attended for the weekly Rock N Bowl on Saturday night for unlimited bowling for $10. Would have stayed longer HAD OUR LANE ACTUALLY WORKED. We were able to bowl one full game and then, mid game the lane started acting weird. We approached the desk for help, our lane was reset everything Ok. In the middle of our game , it stopped again, approach the desk, reset, everything fine. Somewhere towards the middle, it stopped. No one noticed. No one asked to switch our lane. So, bowl all night turned into... A set and a half.      And the bartender, I get it, you had a large party in the back, but darling, I've been in the service industry 15 years, if you don't like your job, quit. You're not fit to work with customers. I'm typically a high tipper, but being greeted with an attitude every time someone comes up to the bar isn't going to keep your customers coming back OR inspire them to leave you anything.      One saving grace of this waste of an evening is that the DJ was nice and the music was great. The second is that after returning our shoes, we got our money back. I won't be returning. I won't be returning with our staff, nor will I be returning in the fall or look to Arsenal Lanes for any event.
1	Was here last night with 4 of my friends. No lanes open at 10:30pm, so we headed to the bar to wait for midnight bowling. We get to the bar and the most unfriendly troll of a bartender tells us we have to go all the way back to the front for a wrist band. You would think at least ONE of their useless employees would put up a sign or mention it to us. Okay, fine. The drinks where way too expensive. This is a hole in the wall bowling alley, not a downtown wine bar. At least get a bartender who is capable of a smile to rip me off. Damn. She was so unfriendly! Finally get to bowl, it's 100 degrees, can't find a useless employee to help us take a name out of computer, then they literally just shut everything off on the last frame! Freaking jerks!! We had wasted $300 to $400 in there between us and they just act like complete a-holes! Any other bowling alley in the city is better than this hell hole. Will never be back.
1	My first experience here was about 7 years ago and minus the fact that on the way out I was witness to a murder (yes,that actually happened. My date and I witnessed one man gun down another and run away. And yes we called 911 and yes we were called as witnesses at the trial but I digress...) I had a good time. Seeing as how my last visit ended, I'm sure no one would blame me for never returning. The only reason I recently visited again was a very close friend's party. I'm very happy my 2nd experience here ended on a much better note than the first. There are better bowling alleys outside of the city-I recommend going to one of them.
1	Let me start off by saying that I will never come here again. Three times I was here and all three times we had issues. First time, a buddy called and the person on the phone said a reservation wasn't needed and just come down.  We get there to find out there is a special event and we can't bowl without a reservation. The second time, I called a couple weeks ago to make a reservation on a Friday night.  I told the guy that answered that we would like to make a reservation for 8pm. He said it's the summer and they are very slow so I didn't need one. We get there at 8pm on the dot and the girl at the counter said we couldn't bowl until 9 because that's when the bowling special kicks in.  There were only 2 lanes taken. The rest of the alley was completely empty. We said that there are only two of us and we would pay the regular rate and then pay when the special kicks in. She said no and that we could hang out at the bar and wait. We left.Third time, Saturday 8/23/14, there were five of us and ran into the same problem. This time there was one couple bowling and the rest was empty. This time the guy let us pay the regular price.  We found out this is a cash only place and I don't remember seeing any signs saying so.  My friends decided to get a couple drinks and it is one drink per ID. They were the only ones (3 people) at the bar it took 15 mins to get the drinks.  We decided to put our names on the list around 830 and he wanted the cash up front and an ID from everyone. That was the last straw. We left after our one and only game. Other people came in and left after their hassle.  Note to owners: don't turndown revenue when it's offered and maybe there will be more customers during your slow period. I'm a business owner and I know the importance of customer service.
4	This is a really great place to hang out and bowl especially during their specials through out the week. Definitely has not changed decor in ages, but it makes it more interesting and sort of a hipster feel. The first time I tried this place out was during their 80's night and all you can bowl for what I can remember being a total of $12. This bowling alley also has a bar in the back which makes it even more fun! I have not had their food at all yet so at this point I can't really say if it is good or bad, but I do not have high expectations since it is most likely regular bar food. I will certainly be back for college night, which is 50 cent bowling and 50 cent drafts 9-12 with an $8 cover charge.
3	Bowling and singing fun.I went to this bowling alley after reding the reviews and i was very skeptical but I did not encounter any problems. I went on a friday for the 10.00 all you can bowl and karaoke. It was a good time. The atmosphere was mostly hipster but friendly people. I did not try the food but I did drink. The drink prices were a little high but I was suprised with the decent beer selection. My only gripe was that is was really hard to find a good ball. I will be going back.
2	Arsenal is a cool, kitschy bowling alley with awesome vintage decor and hidden back bar. Yes, all of this sounds amazing, but you have to put up with a ton of ridiculous behavior when you visit. My first experience with Arsenal was the Monday night special: all you can bowl for $8, and $1 drafts. I am all for deals, and this one sounded up my alley--until I actually got there. $8 all you can bowl did not include shoe rental, and the $1 drafts were actually $1.50 and limited to PBR (so it should've said $1 draft). The all you can bowl is great, if you get more than 2 games in. But, the lanes are so slow and our lane had to be rebooted. By the end of the second game, we were exasperated, and finished. So this wasn't so bad, but when I decided to go with friends again last night, it was downright bizarre. We eschewed the 9pm "All You Can Bowl" special (which really isn't that much of a special) and opted to go around 7pm for a single game. When we made our way up the stairs and expressed our interest in a game, the guy working at the front desk more or less would not allow us to bowl at the time. He asked us to come back in an hour and a half for all you can bowl. We explained we were only interested in a single game, but he insisted we return at a later time. He kept pushing that the all you can bowl was "such a deal". It was incredibly pushy, and as we were shooed towards the door, we decided we wouldn't return later. I don't understand why we received that treatment. The bowling alley was nearly empty, save a few families wrapping up games. The whole experience made me uncomfortable, and I'm not sure that we'll return again.
2	New to the area we decide to check this place out for a fun Friday night. They had advertised a special $11.00 per person (cash only) they won't tell you that when you call and ask to reserve a lane. You can only reserve if you prepay for five people. They start to reserve lanes at 8:30pm. Make sure to get there early because you have to wait in line for first come first serve. We got there around 8 and the lady at the counter was cold and unfriendly. We went to the bar to grab a drink to wait. The bartender was busy hitting on a girl sitting at the bar to care to serve us (this went on all night) he was pretty rude and never cracked a smile once. Made sure to let us know ever rule. Don't order a mix drink unless you are trying to hydrate, might as well have ordered water and ice. Beers were flat and you can only take two per person with you to the lane as they don't serve pitchers. Once we had our lane that was trashed from the group before us with about 15 glasses and many food platters left behind for us to clean up ourselves, we were off to get our shoes. Once again cash only and they do not tell you that shoes are not includes and you must pay another $4 per pair. At this point we had not come prepared with enough cash that we had to find an ATM and that ended up being broken. My boyfriend was rudely told to go down the street or across to another bar to use theirs. Obviously this didn't sit well with us so we asked for our money back. The experience and service had already been bad enough. They were not going to refund our money so he asked to speak to a manager. Once we spoke to the manager they agreed to just give us the shoes. We decided to try and salvage the experience and started to bowl. They advertised that they have a DJ. Well, this DJ played songs from the 60's and 70's. It vibed well with the dated decor and rundown dirty facility. They also don't advertise that they will have karaoke. Wow was it horrible. The broken speaker in the second room made it almost unbearable to listen to. We just couldn't stop laughing at how pathetic the whole experience was turning out to be. Even the group next to us couldn't believe the noise that we had to deal with listening to. We could only handle sticking around for three games. We will not be going back anytime soon. This was one of the worst places I've been to in Pitt.
4	I went here for the first time with my parents! We had so much fun. Loved the music. Didn't drink at the bar. I did see a league playing. I would go back for the karaoke and DJ night.
