3	It just opened, its a chain owned by Ross.  Its just like Ross on the inside but brighter.  I think its unnecessary as it seems exactly like Ross.  They have another location at H and Owens.
5	I've been shopping at DD's for about 3 years at their Texas locations. So, I was overjoyed when they opened stores here in Las Vegas. They are great for anyone on a budget. You can get new clothes in all sizes for men, women, and children along with home goods and shoes. I bought my niece school clothes 2 years in a row for under $100.00 including shoes. Perfect for the tax-free weekend! Snobby, label hounds need not waste your time because you will not find designer labels at DD's. But you will find nice new clothes at bargain prices.They get shipments in daily and you won't know what gems you will find. So, check back weekly!
4	This store is owned by Ross stores. So the signs are familiar- in english with spanish underneath it. When you walk in, you're greeted by the security guard type/loss prevention person. No drinks are allowed, so I had to put my bottled water in my purse. That was fine. The bags are in the front as well as the housewares (pretty good prices), and then womens clothing (juniors, womens, and plus). The childrens clothing is in the back along with the fitting rooms. The mens clothing is along the other wall. The perfumes were near the cash registers.We were here for a short time, but I did notice the great prices on Carter toddler clothing (keeping a lookout for gifting possibilities). Surprisingly the clothing is in arranged order, there isn't a mess anywhere, and no screamers either. Usually when you go to discount type places, it's got a ghetto vibe, but it was alright. I want to come back sometime.
3	You can easily compare this to a Ross or Marshalls. Clothing and household items at discount prices. Helpful hint, when shopping at locations like this always look the clothes over for holes, rips or loose threads. I have purchased a dress with a very tiny hole from here but they did give me a 15% discount. Don't be alarmed by the Security Guards. Sometimes there are more guards than any other employees in the store but half the time they are just too busy talking to each other. They actually have a good variety of shoes in a size 11 which is very hard for me to find in discount stores. And their plus size section is not too shabby either.
3	I recently checked this out with my mom and it wasn't bad.  My mom loves discount and dollar stores, so I see a lot of them taking her around these days.This store is very much like Ross or Marshall's or the like.  This store had a lot of stuff, but we really only checked out the children's section.  If you are looking for kid stuff, this is a great place.  They had a decent selection of clothes, including a lot of Carter's clothing for really cheap.  The also had a ton of cute shoes.  I didn't see any big names in the shoe section, but did find some cute summer sandals for $4 for my daughter.  There was also a lot of infant/toddler accessories like bouncers, play gyms, potty training chairs, etc., all of which were much cheaper than what I have seen them go for at Babies R Us. The toy section is where you will find the best deals.  There are a a ton of options from baby toys to action hero types, all for really good prices. One of the best deals was an entire tea party set I found.  It had the tea set, as well as a table and 2 chairs for $22.  And yes, the table and chairs were kid sized and could be sat on and played with.  That was a great deal.  My mom told me that she had bought some shirts for herself at this store, but there weren't very good quality.  She actually said one of the shirts fell apart after she washed it, so beware on the adult clothing.On a negative, the neighborhood and shopping center seemed a little shady.  I don't think I would want to be there after dark alone.  We went around lunch time and it was ok then.
5	I never fail to find a great deal here. I have found so many things including Jordan's , clothes for my son house wares clothes for myself. I have better luck here than at Ross! I would definitely suggest anyone going here. Prices are great and I've never had a bad experience here at all.
3	Not as much of a selection as Ross but really good prices. Just limited on items I would actually buy. Mostly looked at women's clothing. Not much in house ware
