2	So I've been to this nail shop twice. The first time I got a fill and a pedi, my second time I just went in for a fill. I've had four different people work with me but unfortunately I know none of the individuals names.Both visits were good, I walked in and was helped within 10 minutes. My first visit I had a man do my pedicure, the massage chairs and spa tub were great!! The woman who did my nails did not speak english so we didn't have much to talk about. But I enjoyed my first visit.My second visit was not so great. I went in for a fill and worked with a woman who was fluent in english, she was very nice and we talked the whole time I was in the shop. Now aside from her personality, which was great her nail work was not. She didn't ask me if I wanted them rounded or squared nor did she file them correctly. My nails were crooked :/ I had to ask her to refile them. Also, this was in December so I wanted to be seasonal and get a Christmas design, nothing fancy just a simple red bow on two of my nails. I knew this was going to be a train wreck in slow motion when she asked me what a red Christmas bow looked like :/ I drew the bow on a napkin and she assured me that she knew how to do it. I asked for a red bow, she gave me a florescent pink bow with four neon green lines that made it look like a present. The bow was square and sadly I was very disappointed. I will not take my business back to this nail shop but I hope this review helps!!
2	A co worker of mine had recommended this nail salon to me because she really liked it and because it's close to where I live, so i decided to give it a shot. I was fairly impressed the first time I went because of the friendliness of the staff and that they remembered who I was when I came back a few times after that. I am a fan of their pedicures, what I am NOT a fan of is when I go for an eye brow wax and the response is " yeah you kinda need it" and they try to pressure me into a lip wax for the same reason. I understand that it's a business strategy but I don't need someone making me feel like I've got a manly hairy face! Go for the pedicures if you live in the area. But skip the waxing and the criticism.
4	Bumped into this place last week as its near to my daughter's dance studio.  It's not the prettiest, place but they are friendly and do speak mostly English to you which is always nice. I had my gel manicure ($35) done by Vanessa -- she was pleasant and did a great job on my nails.  She clipped away at my cuticles without hurting me which is always a bonus as well.  My nails look great -- it's been over a week and still no chips!  Very easy in and out -- I had 40 minutes and she said 'no problem'. They are busy though, so an appointment would be recommended.  I was there on a Tuesday at 4 and there were other regulars in there, I was just lucky to have been there as one was finishing up!I am a fan, I am definitely going back again!!FYI -- Cash only for tips . . . just a good thing to know.
2	I loved this place every time I had a pedicure, they do a really good job. I never waited more than 10 minutes. About a month ago I couldn't get an appointment with my regular waxing person for a brazilian so as I was going there for a pedi (and again, their pedis are great) I decided to get waxed there.I've been having brazilians for 10 years and this was by far the most painful experience I've ever have. I left in the middle of it. The woman who was waxing me was an older lady who wasn't that fluent in english. As I was leaving the owner asked me what had been wrong, I was in pain, wanting to leave, and I didn't want the old lady to be in trouble so I said that I had to leave because I had an emergency. Anyway that was my experience.
5	I went to this place for the first time because was just close to my house, now I love it, is not the prettiest, and the music they play is not the best, but they know what they are doing, gel manicure and pedicure are really good, plus remember my name, and remember about my kids, and my job... When I was pregnant, I went at 4:40 on a Sunday ( Sundays they close at 5) and one of the girls, Annie, stayed and did pedicure and manicure gel for me, with a great massage making me feel really special, she didn't rush and was really nice all the time.What else can I say? A big thanks!  And I'm gonna keep coming back!
5	This is the first place I ever came to for my nails when I moved to Vegas in 2005. I've been coming back ever since then. They have new gossip magazines, the place is very clean, best massage chairs,and they are always friendly. I've never had one problem in all the years I've gone here. highly recommend this nail place.
5	This is only for the pedicures.I have only gone to one other place to get a pedi, it was absolutely atrocious and I never went anywhere after that! This place is super close to my house and one day I decided to pamper my tootsies.Upon entering you are greeted and asked to sign in. After you go look at the nail polishes they offer, including OPI and others, choose your color, and go sit in the warm water and luxurious massaging chair!!The previous 2 times I went the man did my pedis, hes great and actually talks!! I expected a quick pedi, but here a pedi takes about an hour. I was in heaven! He clipped my little nails, squared at the top bc rounded look gross, and filed my feets.The big difference here is the quality of the pedi. He really took his time and assured I was comfy and that was before the massage on my legs!!After he was done painting my toes, he took a brush and made sure there was no remaining polish, I was seriously impressed!!Pedis are 25 and a combo of mani pedi is 35.I will def continue to come here!!Yay!
5	This shop was amazing. After having a bad experience at the last saloon I visited I was not a happy camper.  This nail saloon changed that right around and gave me A+ service. Highly recommended
5	I have been going to Allure since 2005 and truly wouldn't go anywhere else even if it were free. Alex and Ahn are the BEST. I have never been dissatisfied in all that time . Their shop is always clean and everyone is always smiling and happy plus they do excellent work.
3	I've been coming here for years, which tells you something, I obviously keep coming back. Owners are nice and the staff knows us. I recently went somewhere else for gel nails, and I was disappointed when I realized other places offer loyalty programs, 10% off, or free Pedicure EVERY Ten services, etc. I like allure and come with my mom and sister every month or so. But I wish they'd do something similar considering we go a lot, and have for over ten years. Other than that service is good, prices are pretty average.
1	This place is awful..joy was very rude. .wanted to drill my natural nails..i asked hrr to use the file and she complain ed. ..cut me twice..and never did what i asked for my nail design...and it cost $65!!! And took 2 hours!!Dont... waste your tiime
3	I got a design of a Xmas tree on my nails it is horrible it looks like a bunch of glitter glob.  Been going here for over a year  it been good just no more designs. Saying I cannot do it would have been nice by the way this is a design they have as a sample.I thought they would know how to do it.
