5	I tried this yoga studio for the first time yesterday and loved it!  The owner was there and was so friendly (I was really nervous!) and the instructor was as well.  He taught a great Intro class with clear instruction and made sure we were each doing the postures correctly.I loved the studio and will definitely go back again.
5	I am afraid to Yelp about Joyful, because I absolutely adore this place and I don't want to become too crowded!I am a yoga novice and they have been nothing but helpful and encouraging. All the yoga instructors are very nice and each has their own unique teaching style. I also very much enjoy the Zumba classes. They are crowded but the energy in those classes is electric. You will leave sweaty and energized.Syd (the owner) is amazing. She knows everyone's name and adds a personal touch to your experience. I will never be a member of a gym again. I love Joyful!
5	Thanks to Joyful Yoga Studio I'm starting this year a size smaller and feeling better than ever!The classes are great, the instructors are awesome and the owner (Syd) is a true gem! I highly recommend this place for anyone interested in the practice, from novice to expert. Joyful Yoga will NOT disappoint!p.s. they have the best prices in town!
5	Love this place! The owner is very nice, tons of classes, clean, big studio. Zumba with Melinda is fantastic!!!
5	A couple of coworkers and I recently visited Joyful Yoga to try the Saturday AM Zumba class. The studio was easy to find and conveniently located on Ray road in Chandler - good location that made it easy for friends coming from other parts of town to meet up. The class was high-energy, as was the instructor Melinda. The class was packed, and even though I have taken zumba classes at other places, it was still a learning process with the instructors specific moves. The crowded classroom made it difficult to see her, but the positive aspect was she didn't stay up front, she moved around and checked on everyone. When I couldn't see her, I looked at the students in front of me and tried not to make a fool of myself.The songs were a good mix of Latin, Hip/Hop, Bhangra and provided a great workout. One of my coworkers who had not previously experienced zumba stated she had never sweated so much in her life. Even with the frequency that I go at other places, it was a good workout for me as well. Good job, Melinda!The classes are $10 per session, but I took advantage of a special that I saw while checking in on my mobile Yelp: two sessions for the price of one. We were planning on going two times, so that worked out perfectly.The studio had a nice shop, some treadmills in the back and nice supply of matts, blocks and yoga supplies. If you are in the Chandler area, I would definitely recommend this studio.
5	I usually only write reviews of restaurants but I thought since I come here twice a week for Zumba I should go ahead and post a review.  I am giving it the big 5-stars since it is such a great place.  Everyone is so friendly, great prices (no contract and $10 for drop-in) and the classes are awesome (I am not a Yoga person, so I can only speak for Zumba).  Coming here is what I look forward to most all week.
5	I live in NYC and do yoga/pilates religiously so when I took a week trip out to Phoenix to visit family, I was looking for a great studio to take classes. Well.... I stumbled across the Joyful Yoga Studio online and decided to take a pilates class.  It was great. The studio is clean and spacious, the owner is super friendly, and the instructor was amazing. After that, I ended up taking 6 classes over the course of 3 days. The prices are amazing -- especially coming from NYC. ALSO- in NYC, TRX is all the rage EVERYWHERE. It's the new pilates-- the results are AMAZING. It's awesome that this studio offers it. I highly recommend taking classes here!
5	I love this place!  It is bright and clean and the owner is very helpful and friendly to all!   I had been taking gentle yoga classes for a year here, which set me up to attempt Zumba!   Friends know where to find me M-W-F and know to not try to talk me out of it.  :)    Now I go to Joyful Yoga for 5 classes a week, and the occasional weekend workshop.   Who knows ... pilates or TRX might be next.  Instructors are great.  Each has their own style, and I appreciate that Mary has brought in a diverse group of people so that we can learn and take advantage of different practices.  Easy to find, good parking, very reasonable rates.  Check it out!
4	I loved the classes, especially the sunset yoga. I was sad when my 2 week unlimited pass was up and decided not to come back because I went back to work and the schedule of classes did not fit my time.
4	A friend of mine frequents this yoga studio and I've really been wanting to get started, so I decided to tag along with her for a session.  Being a newbie to the yoga scene, I absolutely loved it.  I appreciated how helpful and informative the entire staff was and the instructor was just great.  I was honestly a little apprehensive at first, but the instructor was patient and really made me feel comfortable.  Even all the other people in the class were great.  I can't wait to come back and give it another shot!
4	Lots of classes to choose from, neat studio, and great deal for unlimited classes for two weeks to try it out before you commit!
5	I really enjoyed this small locally owned Yoga studio. The drop in price is only $10 and that is far less than some of the bigger studios like Inner Vision. The class I took was Gentle Yoga and it was a perfect way to end the day. I wish they offered more of this particular class in the evening, so that is the only downside for me. The schedule can be a bit limited for my personal needs. The offer Zumba and Pilates as well. The front desk staff (who I think is the owner?) was polite and the studio itself, while small is spacious enough for a large yoga class and very well maintained. I will keep coming back when my schedule and the class I want to attend match up.
5	WOW! I love this yoga studio! Not only are they affordable, but there are plenty of class times that work around my very busy schedule. My regular teachers are Ana and Jordan, and they are both AWESOME. I love that they really explain the correct form and transition for every pose, and provide modifications for beginners (me) :)  They also have Zumba, Belly Dancing, Pilates, Circuit training and lots of other things that I have yet to try!
5	So happy to have found this 'sanctuary'....Joyful has the best teachers, interesting workshops (Gong meditation, Astrology Yoga, Pilates 101, Zumba-thons) and makes you feel like part of the Joyful family.  As a rounder body beginning yoga was very intimidating for me but all my Yoginis helped me modify poses and understand this is about the journey.  I'm very grateful for Joyful....it has saved my life (literally).
5	I'm trying to get back into a fitness routine after gaining some weight recently and Joyful Yoga Studio is who I have turned to once again. Their Zumba classes are the most intense cardio I have ever experienced in a group exercise class. And the teachers keep the class fun so your energy level stays high! I absolutely love the fact that there is a Zumba toning class on Monday nights. I only use the two pound weights but you'd be surprised how much you feel it after an hour of dancing around with those things! That class is taught by Kisha who is a great teacher. She breaks down the moves in an easy to understand way and also keeps everyone in the class smiling with her boisterous attitude. It really is a party. I also attend the Thursday night class which was taught by Meredith who is another fantastic teacher (she really knows the latin hip moves!!) but was taken over by Catie when she went on maternity leave. Catie is a young teacher with a TON of energy so she really challenges her students to keep up with her. Both classes are at 7:30pm and so I appreciate the fact that they fit right in with my schedule since I work full time.Joyful Yoga really fosters a very laid back and friendly atmosphere. Even though the classes are challenging, they are not competitive and beginners are always welcomed by the staff and teachers with open arms. It is a great opportunity to take some group exercise classes without having to commit to joining a gym. They have no membership fees and most classes are just $10 (and a few are only $5!). You can buy monthly unlimited passes or punch cards; those will save you some money if you visit regularly. Check out their website for the schedule and take a look also at their special workshops. I finally decided to take a 6 week Yoga 101 series about a year ago and it was a lot of fun and very educational. I still haven't started attending Yoga classes on a regular basis but I hear from my friends who to partake that Joyful is pretty top notch in that area, too!
5	A great studio for whatever the mood. Gentle yoga, power yoga, kick your ass Pilates, Zumba, etc. Signed up for a month unlimited Groupon special and have enjoyed it so much I've gone almost every day to check out all of their different classes. The owners seem very dedicated to making you feel welcome and understand how to work every level of yogi.
5	I got a Groupon for my daughter and I to try yoga.  Went to Joyful Yoga, and I have to say they were so welcoming, never made us feel awkward even though we were new to the studio and beginners at yoga.  The instructor made sure we were doing everything right and gave us lots of options throughout the whole class, but she never singled us out.  She would just come by and silently but gently help us with a pose...all while seamlessly instructing the class.  It was great.  And WHAT a workout!   Today my muscles feel like I did a high-impact aerobics class yesterday.  It was a great experience, and I would highly recommend them!They also have a very extensive class schedule for every day of the week.  It really helps to be able to fit the classes into your schedule.  All the other studios I checked didn't come close to the amount of classes as Joyful Yoga.  Check them out online.
5	Can't say enough good things about this place. I have been going for almost 2 months. I started off with the groupon (which is a really great deal) and renewed after that. The classes are great, and the instructors are very nice and generous with support or help after class. The ladies who run the place are professional and pleasant as well. So glad I discovered it.
5	I have nothing negative to say about this studio. I have been to many studios in the valley and this is my favorite! They have a lot of variety for everyone and the instructors are all great! Their new client discount are amazing and even the over all prices for returning clients beat everywhere else in this area. Enjoying this studio very much!
5	Yoga=Love at this studio.  I am majorly deconditioned and need lots of help and that is exactly what I get...kind, patient help.  I am sooooo thankful to have found this haven.
