3	Your typical Carl's Jr.  Though, we DID order a six dollar burger and a chicken club (they were out of both types of meat at the time, though, believe it or not).I will say that the guy at the drive through window (I went sometime around 1AM) was exceptionally nice and courteous.
5	This place is very clean and the staff is super friendly
4	Big Carl is great! I am a fan and they have great specials in our mail each week!
2	Slow service. I've been sitting in my car for 20 minutes now. They are averaging 5 minutes a car. Good food but I just want a quick bite and go to bed already!!!!Update over 30 minutes now. Beware of midnight drive thrus.
5	I've been here once or twice now.... Or a few more... I guess I'm a regular by now. Easily the best Carl's I've ever been to. The staff is so friendly, service is FAST and really accurate, definitely exceeds expectations of a fast food joint. If you've given up hope of quick eats, check THIS location out. Whatever work ethic the management trains their employees with, it is instilled. And more times than not, that's what brings my business around. I like the food, love the people. They all have smiles and they give me one every time I come. :)
5	This is the cleanest carls junior i have ever been too.  The staff is great amd service is fast.The food tastes excellent.
3	Just redeemed my Carls Rewards for a free meal !!!!!!   The meal was pretty good, but this location wasn't the best. The food just didn't taste the same, there was only one guy running the front. He was taking front orders, plus drivethru and bagging food!!! Seems like he needed a bit of help.  If I had of been paying cash for the meal, I just might've sent it back or asked for a new burger to be made. But all and all it was ok.
5	This is one of the better locations.Always receive fast, friendly service here.The staff is very sociable and talkative. Plus the food is always fresh, I haven't had a bad experience here yet.
2	There are few things that annoy me more than when I hit the drive through...get home starving and ready to eat.... only to discover that my order was completely messed up. This has happened almost every time I've been to this location. My fave thing on the menu is the teriyaki turkey burger. Each time I order it I stress that I do NOT want mayo. The response is always the same "mayo doesn't come on that sandwich". Then when I get home and unwrap my meal I find loads of mayo on it. When people say they don't want mayo.... it's because they can't stand that disgusting lard and any trace of it will completely ruin their meal! So make sure you check that your order was done correctly before driving home. On a good note.... A+ for cleanliness and a friendly staff.
2	Unfortunately my chicken sandwich was not crackin. Bread was hard & burnt, chicken was burnt and dry like jerky. Maybe the food is better when it's not New Year's Day. The fried zucchini were cool. Staff was nice but it would have been nice to also have a sandwich while the BF enjoyed his western bacon.
