4	When I needed beauty products or was just in the mood to shop I would pop in here before or after Walmart to look around.  They always have good sale items and the clerks  are very nice and helpful!
5	I love Sallys. It's not like a need more shit in my bathroom that I will never use, but I buy to boost my self esteem, it's that its all decently priced! All the girls are very helpful, and they don't mind when I spend a half hour deciding between 2 slightly different shades of lipstick. Aww yeah.
4	I'm a purveyor of beauty products, it's true.  I have a long history in the industry, especially from my time with a little company called Aveda.  One would think that because I spent time doing make-up and massages for women that I would know a thing or two about dyeing my hair.  Not so, true believers.  I know how to style my hair, but not how to dye it, beyond awful experiments with food colouring and Manic Panic dye in my mother's sink.  Since I've recently moved to Arizona and cash is a little tight, I've become desperate to replicate the pale champagne colour of my stylist without landing myself on the Ramen Noodle line.  Well, have no fear, Sally's here!  The place was hopping on a Sunday afternoon, which usually means substandard service.  Both girls were attentive.  One of the salesgirls followed me back to the dye section and gave me expert advice.  Rather than power-selling me, she instructed me on exactly what I'd need to use in order to duplicate a double-process and got me the right toner to keep it from getting brassy.  For you non-hair people, a double-process is when you use two different chemical processes on your hair.  It's commonly used for people who lighten your hair.  You bleach the hair and then, apply colour.  After she'd told me what to buy, she gave me explicit instructions on how to do it.  The salesgirl was an angel.  Not only did she save me money ($25 with tax as opposed to $100 to $200), but with her handy instructions, I was able to get the results I wanted.  What do you know?  It worked.  I'll definitely be back.  I'd always chalked Sally's up as a seedy pseudo-beauty store, but for now, at least until I'm rolling in the green again, I'll continue to visit it to maintain the look I want.  THANK YOU!
5	Always wanted to stop in and see what was the big hype about, I don't do a lot of make up or nails, but now that I am older and have that need to buy a certain shampoo to keep my locks looking shinny, I found this is a good place to get it.I signed up for the discount card for coupons and mailers, and I bought my shampoo and conditioner.  Prices were better than expected and now that I know they have what I want, I will be back.  Good news, they got them everywhere even in Las Vegas, so I do not need to go far.
3	I get everything from here. I go at least once a week. They have anything I want and love to be able to run in and out with no issues. The only thing I hate is, since it's in the ghetto, the girls have a tendency to hover. Sorry ladies, I've worked in retail. No amount of fake fixing or stocking is going to look like you're not spying to make sure I don't steal anything.
