5	I got a referral to Airepros that was so strong it made me suspect.  It was the first serious hot spell of the summer and the air went out in a third of my house.  With 10 year old units I was certain they were going to sell me a whole new unit and hit me for top dollar because of my urgent need.  The technician showed up within the hour, identified the problem, went above and beyond to do a little re-engineering of the weak link that caused my problem and was finished that same afternoon for only $200.  They are the only company I will ever use or recommend and if they quote me a couple thousand instead next time, at least I will be confident it is legitimate.
1	Is a quality of your business, waking people up at 5am & then telling them to "call the cops" because you don't care that you woke them up? Your crew at 6710 E. Camelback was making excessive noise before 6am. Asked them to quite down and they told me "we don't care, call the cops, we aren't working, they can't do anything." Classy business you run. I'll be calling later today to file a formal complaint but right now I'm just going on every review site and posting the unprofessional behavior of your crew this morning.
1	Misidentification? Not quite, I drove over to the site before the police came and the only trucks on the property were your crew. Blaming it on an un-named plumbing company isn't going to convince me. It was ONLY your company's trucks in front of the building. I took multiple pictures of the trucks SO THAT I COULD FIND YOUR COMPANY AND WRITE THIS REVIEW. There was NO PLUMBING company on site when I drove over to find out what the noise was.
5	This was a great company to do business with!! They replaced major ducts in the attic that were old, split and totally a mess. I had other bids that were more than I wanted to pay!! The young man worked very hard for several hours reaching places that were definately not easy to get to, finished a difficult and messy job. Good clean up after and checked out both heat pumps. They had been tested a few weeks before so I was aware they were not working efficently.  He came back and completely checked out the systems and replaced freon the previous company never checked! Now both are really working great, 1st time in the year I've owned this home....never properly serviced before, could have saved myself big A/C bills last summer if I'd had Airepros so the work last spring!! Great service, reasonable and nice to do business with! A+++
