5	Went to the salon at the beauty institute for a hair cut yesterday and loved it! I don't even think that supercuts can beat this price ($9 for a woman's wash, cut and dry), but the environment is that of a place I would pay $30-40 for a cut. The student who cut my hair did a great job and her supervisor came to check up periodically. Both were wonderful! I will definitely go back!!
5	I came to this place after not being able to find the International Academy of Hair Design (their address was wrong on Yelp, how disappointing)However i came here at 5 and they seemed to be closing up, but i knew from the other schools that they would open up again at 5:30, but to be safe i asked one of the students waiting outside for her ride. She said she THINKS they open again at 5:45.  So i went to the Fiesta mall which was next to door to kill time.5:45 i  came back. They/the teacher(it seems?) asked me if i had an appointment, but the sign outside said Walk-Ins Welcome. But they accepted me anyway. THe teacher seemed very busy, and i could not tell what her mood was. I waited on the couch for 15 minutes.Nice looking place, brown and pale yellow walls with simple decor, to keep it modern. Easy on the eyes. It seemed a bit dark inside since it was night time and the brown looks darker at night, maybe the purpose is to give a calming effect?A nice student came up to me and introduced herself. She was very friendly. She washed my hair, it seemed to take forever. She gave me a nice long scalp massage, the longest i have ever had. It seemed to last 5 to 10 minutes. I have never done that for myself. It did not need to be that long.. She seemed to take forever with the shampooing and then with the conditioner and another scalp massage, whoa it was nice but really unnecessary because i like to be in and out  promptly. I was beginning to wonder if her fingers/hands were ever going to get tired at one point?Anyways back to the chair.  She took her time parting my hair ( i asked for a trim) I'm sure she was careful. I noticed she did everything RIGHT, i used to have a friend who practiced her hair cutting skills on my hair. So i knew the process of parting hair in 4 sections.. But it really took long.  (yes my hair is really long too but i guess with experience she will become faster)Now do you want me to get started on the blow drying? that took forever too.  I feel bad for saying this.. I know she is a student practicing, maybe i was her first client, but i doubt it.   THe blow drying took longer than necessary. she kept putting a lot of serum in my hair, i guess it was to keep the frizz away.. the conclusion, my hair looked nice, for a trim.. it was only $9..BRING CASH because they dont accept tips on your debit/redit cards.  I felt bad i did not havea lot of cash but i gave her what i could and she was really nice.. I will come back and give her more cash tip next time.Come for a cheap n simple hair cut.. i cant say more for a drastic haircut
5	Amazing.  I am at that point in life when the white hair is intruding on my never ending attempts at staying bottle blonde. I went in there, as a visitor from Seattle, and when the instructor, Denise, very lovely lady, looked at my hair she said how about this and described something that was greek to me but I said okay, I am open.  The stylist did a weave and a toner and I am so thankful for her talents.Compared to the schools up here in Seattle, Regency is really professional, pleasant and the students are really enjoying their work there.Too bad I can't go to Arizona for every hair appointment.
1	If I could give negative stars I would. I started to write my whole story here, but no one really cares. I got a really bad dye job here and the girl Yvette that did my hair was so mean and rude. No nice way to put it. At one point in the appointment she called me a racist. When I left the salon I had a yellow racing strip up the back of my black hair and my roots were dyed orange. How embarrassing for the stylist that did it. Take warning, your at the Fiesta Mall that should be the first clue... If your as cheap as me and want some quality, go up to Toni and Guy...
