5	Nice location with plenty of parking spaces. It was down the street from the South Point Casino and also located at the corner of Maryland Pkwy and Silverado Ranch. The shop is very inviting with a comfortable lounging area and a tasting bar. The workers are friendly and very knowledgeable when it comes to your vaping needs. I highly recommend this place.
5	Was passing by when I saw this place. I went in to check it out and I definitely dig it! Great customer service by a staff that has a lot of knowledge! The vibe is great in this place! Go check it out!!!
5	Vaping Aristocrats have some of the best hours that i've heard and seen. open from 10am to 10pm 7 days a week while most close early on sundays or even everyday they close before 8. also, they said if i absolutely needed a juice late at night, they will stay open a little after just to do a transaction. Pretty neat. The shop is a ways out from where i live, but it's nice location. Good amount of parking and isn't hard at all to locate.There's a lot of room here, Comfy leather couch and comfortable stools to sit and try juice. Like the color scheme of the walls, Not too dark not too bright. I saw netflix and a movie playing when i came to check the place out. Service was great! Everyone was friendly and knowledgeable. As for juice, i remember they have Caterpillar, Rocket Fuel, Flavors by Joe, and I want to say Adic's Burn, I could be wrong but the juice was definitely from the Philippines.Standard prices for these. 10 -12 for juice depending on the brand.As for devices, your everyday stick batteries, to your basic k100 mod, to your high end mods. They have a great selection of Rba's from the igo-W to the Prometheus. Good stuff. Again Standard prices. Though i've seen prices a little less from theirs but from different shops across town and so forth.To put this shortly, definitely far from being a bad shop. Staff undoubtedly knows what they are talking about, they're fun and friendly and the shop just looks very nice, organized, and comfortable. Vaping, for an aristocrat.
5	If yelp had 10 stars I'd give this place 10 stars...1. AWESOME customer service from the minute you walk in til you leave. The staff is very friendly n helpful. Just plain AWESOME.2. The owner builds GREAT. He'll help you build your mod like he builds his own. 3. Yummy juice flaves... I've tried several n I think 75 % of that I  absolutely LOVE.... like the ROCKET POPS, WTF, SOFA KING UNREAL, KUUIPOI, UBE .. Oh man the list goes on. ..ALL I CAN SAY IS GO CHECK THEM OUT... I've been to TONS of vape shops n this one IS NOW MY ULTIMATE FAVE
5	I just left block buster then I saw the sign e juice so I stopped by just to check it out. The guys are really friendly and very knowledgeable about the product that they sell.  I really love the location and the selection that they have for e juice. The shop itself is clean and they have two flat screen and also they have a really relaxing sofa.  They have a great rewards program also.  I just came in for a e twist battery but I left with a completely new unit. I'm very happy with my new unit and my new hang out spot...Love this place, I would recommend this place for anyone.
5	Customer service is beyond belief! You can be a pro or a novice and still leave completely satisfied. I don't consider myself a novice but every time I come in, I learn about a new Personal Vaporizer, E-Juice or technique! Also, Vaping Aristocrats has an amazing rewards program that is the best in town! Make sure to send your friends because you get reward credit too!
5	Our goal is to visit all the stores and we were on this side of town so we had to pop in. They have this Rocket Pop flavor that's been talked about so I had to try it myself. I get the hype....That red, white and blue popsicle is childhood nostalgia for many, including me so I bought a bottle.I think they have a decent selection of mods, with a few rarities in their case even. I've noticed one of the owners is a collector so I figured that their store would have good things. Juice selection is good, and they said they'll keep it rotating with new stuff... they don't have a juice menu really and I havent sat and dug through everything they stock juicewise but they're so far the only store I've seen with Rocket Fuel juice in town.I am absolutely thankful they helped cross off a "unicorn" off my list - they sold us a ohm meter. Hallelujah!  They do a pretty sweet rewards program - every $100, you get $10 back!  They do it through their computer, so no forgetting your rewards card which is nice. (Pro-tip : we keep all rewards cards in a cardholder in our glove compartment). So far we've been here twice and we clicked with the staff here instantly. First visit, we stayed quite a while and chatted so that definitely speaks volumes on how comfortable it is here. Gendell (manager? co-owner?) is a awesome asset to this store. He is just so welcoming to everyone, and really made sure to make a strong impression the first time we were in. He even remembered names the second time we came in and creates a easy going and fun atmosphere. I see them at vape meets and at other shops events supporting them, so they're good guys.They said they will be doing plating and cleaning services in the future which I am super excited about. I just cannot wait to plate all my contacts. This isn't something I really see often, so it will be a unique thing that separates this store once it gets going. Also they are 10 to 10 everyday, but they even said if you are swing shift and need something and can't get there before that, call them up and they will hang out a bit after to help someone in need out. I'm sure they know that juice emergency struggle and really going the extra mile for their customers. They are in their soft opening phase, and I have a feeling it's not gonna be peaceful once people find out about the great items and service. We really don't hang in this area, but we will make special trips for this shop now. I havent felt this   strongly positive about a shop in a long while.
5	This place is great! Rebuilt mine and my boyfriends vapes twice. Nice to just hang out and chat. Lots of different juices to choose from. Can't forget the cute puppy running around!!
5	Every time I stop in to Vegas, I make it a point to stop by the shop. These guys are on point. Vegas is very saturated with vape shops, and it is nice to see a shop with a great variety of juice, an extensive amount of high end equipment, and the best.... THEY ACTUALLY KNOW WHAT THEY ARE SELLING.Great business, great people, will continue to stop in.Keep up the good work guys!
5	I gotta say, these guys are the friendliest cats in town. There are always willing to educate, inform, and make you feel comfortable with your purchase. Shout out to Jin'do (spelling, sorry man!). These guys are good, and I recommend them anyday! They also have a great selection of juice, with a tasting bar. You will not be disappointed!
5	Great selection, courteous and knowledge  staff. If you are in the area, you should definitely stop in and check these guys out. Say hi to Michael, he's great!
5	Amazing little place. Great hours, great products and great staff! Everyone is very knowledgeable and helpful.
5	Very helpful and took the time to let us test different flavors and decide on what we wanted to purchase .Was a nice change of  pace to not be rushed like a few other shops I have been into in the area,  very knowledgable  and I recommend  make it a first stop when in the area!
5	Been to various shops around town, but this is by far the best vape shop. The staff is extremely educated on every aspect of vaping. They know what they are doing, and they know what they are talking about.Their mod/atom choices & their juices are all on point. Even If I don't live near here, I will go out of my way to stop by this shop.Thanks Gendell for hooking it up!
5	I was just in town visiting and stopped by since this place was close and had great Yelp reviews. An earlier review was right on - You can be a pro or brand new to it all and still end up leaving happy! No pressure to buy/leave/stay/talk, anything. Every employee I encountered there was great with all customers and even the other customers that were there (met a couple "regulars" - Hi, doc!) you can tell really enjoy/make a point to go there too. Super nice atmosphere, the place is really clean and well-organized, the selection is huge with decent pricing and the staff is friendly and knowledgable, can't ask for much more from any shop. I will definitely go back next time I come to Vegas!
