2	DISAPPOINTING.  AVOID except for the view, or the cozy seeming bar.  Whatever they advertise about having cigars is a fallacy as we weren't allowed in this area.  Also this place is an over 50 crowd, just FYI.We literally got the last parking spot and there is truly nowhere else nearby to park.  We arrived and were seated at a table that rocked so badly our water would have fallen if we shifted.  We waited for 10 minutes before anyone came to greet us or say anything, despite watching tables get served or cleared all around us.  Was it too hard for someone to at least acknowledge our presence and say hi?  Catastrophic flaw in dining 101, don't leave your tables sitting wondering if they've been seen.  It was also very, very cold in the dining room, and the lighting is so bright you can't see outside to the beautiful riverfront anyway, eliminating any hope of romantic ambiance despite being riverside.  Oh and the music is mid 90's misery (Celine Dion.)  Come on!  Isn't this a fun, fancy, modern cozy romantic Spanish influenced restaurant?  Try again...We were moved to a new table that didn't rock, fine, and a nice waitress took our orders.  The wine was great but the olive and cheese plate appetizer was mediocre for the price.  The olives were cheap and pitted, the cheese was nothing exciting (one cheese was a cheap Roquefort style wrapped in even cheaper yellow party-tray cheese) and except for the bread the rest was far from the quality we'd been hoping for.The wine list is fairly baffling.  A mediocre Kendall Jackson goes for $7 and is spelled wrong anyway.  No vintages are listed and the list is inconsistent in the information it provides.  In some cases you are just offered the name of the vineyard, as is the case for the more expensive $100+ bottles.  When I order an expensive bottle I want to know vineyard, grape and vintage at a minimum.  Sometimes on this menu you get the name of the grape or blend listed, but not always.  So, we ordered glasses of something we recognized given our inability to decipher what the rest were.All entrees are expensive ($30 / plate.)  My wife's fish was flavorful but clearly overcooked and rubbery.  Her favorite part was the green beans.  And what is an "evening potato" anyway?  I have family in Spain and so when I order Paella in the states it's typically for a laugh, but they did a decent job here.  It lacked characteristics of something authentic and the fish was overcooked (rubbery scallop, very tough shrimp, only 2 or 3 clams and mussels), but the flavor was still good.  It is in mid to southern Spain style, not Catalunya / Barcelona (northeast) style as the restaurant's name would suggest.  All of the food was extremely salty too, we guzzled our waters as a result.  My Spanish family would have been universally insulted, but at least amused. We heard someone at an adjacent table comment that their creme brulee was runny, like a pudding rather than a custard, so we avoided dessert.  They do bring a complimentary small "shot" of a nice sweet almondy liquor similar to a Dorinha or Almendrado (kind of like an Amaretto.)  The man who seems to be the proprietor is very friendly and claims to make killer bloody mary's.Overall we like the concept and the bar and area around it looks cozy, but the main dining room and experience won't motivate our return until they can improve the wait staff, ambiance and quality of food for the value (two of us cost $115.)
1	We used to go to this restaurant all the time and used to love it. They recently changed owners and this places is not the same. The menu is different.  The drinks are not as good. The origin of the wines are no longer shown on the wine list. The prices are much higher. The place has lost its Spanish ambiance.  The little touches such as the shot of liquor at the end of the meal has been discarded. Would not be back again.
4	Amazing shrimp primavera. One of the tastiest pasta dishes I've ever had. Waitress was quite good. Only odd thing was that the hostess wouldn't seat us at a window table, even though there was obviously availability. Would definitely go again.
4	I actually enjoyed this place under new management. Went on a Sunday night when it was slow. Poked my head around, the new renovations and rooftop deck with a view are great. The food (I got duck, my friend got crab cakes) was pretty good. I thought everything was fairly seasoned and cooked correctly. We also got a free sangria on the house, that was good too. The waitress was nice. Downside would be parking, that lot was tiny.
3	I visited with a groupon a few months ago. The food was just ok. The cioppino was very nice. As was the calamari. We ordered the mussels and they were all closed when they arrived. Since they were rotten they brought a fresh batch. I agree with others commenting on the rubbery seafood. For a restaurant that serves primarily dishes including seafood, you would think they would know when to stop ( or in the case of my mussels -when not to start) cooking them. The views were beautiful and the bar area was cozy. I would return for an appetizer and a drink a the bar.
1	My first time and I'll give them another chance the next time I'm desperately hungry and every other place is closed, but my food and drink experience tonight was the worst that I have ever had. The huge meatloaf entree had been grossly oversalted and doubled-up the natural saltiness of the gravy. I hope the kitchen and waitstaff start eating in-house so they can figure out why their tables are empty.After reflecting more on my dinner, I'm not going back.
4	I really like Barcelona, have been there a few times and once for a rehearsal dinner.  The food has always been good and consistent - gotta have the artichoke appetizer, oh my!  Great views of the river, particularly from the roof deck.  I really enjoy this place and do not understand some of the other poor reviews. I have lived in New York, Boston, DC and enjoyed many fine restaurants in those locations.  I come "home" to Pittsburgh and find Barcelona is actually a solid choice.
4	I ate here this past Thursday evening with my girlfriend for dinner.  We arrived at around 7:30 without reservations and requested a table.  The hostess told us that she would look for a table which we found to be odd since their whole front dining room was empty and there was no one sitting in the bar area.  Only a single side dining room seemed to be full.  After a cursory look by the hostess we were led to a table in the bar area that overlooked the river even though it felt more like a dining table.  We were served by the bartender throughout the night though which did not prove to be any problem.  The inside of the resturant is pretty modern with wooden floors and white table cloth covered tables.  On the side of the restaurant that is close to the river are large windows which I imagine would give a good view of the river.  Sadly we were there on a moonless night and so we were not able to enjoy much of the view that we knew was there.  We did however think that the restaurant was a bit cold (probably due to the large windows) and my girlfriend was cold throughout the entire meal. After our waitress greeted us and took our drink order she came back with a basket of bread as well as two different types of butters, a sea salt butter as well as a cranberry butter.  Both were really good with the fruit shining through in the one and the salt in the other.  It was good enough that we quickly finished our bread basket and it was replaced with another before our appetizer even came out.  The appetizer that we decided to start out our evening with was the Calamari which came with wasabi aoili and a General Tsao's sauce.  There was ample calamari on the plate whenever it came out and it was placed onto a bed of the General Tsao's sauce while the aoili was drizzled on top which provided the dish some nice color.  I was a big fan of the dish as the calamari was cooked nicely and was not chewy at all.  It was also nice to be able to choose how much sauce I wanted on my calamari by dipping it onto the bottom of the plate.  For our dinner entrees I decided on the Gemelli which came with hot sausage, banana peppers, basil and some parmesan.  My girlfriend went with the paella which had some clams, scallops, mussels, Chilean Sea Bass, chorizo, shrimp, chicken and even some green beans in it.  The portion size on both of our meals was pretty large and I felt like mine could have been made from a whole box of pasta.  That did not deter from the flavor though and I loved the spiciness of both the sausage and banana peppers against my pasta.  After eating for quite a while, I gave up and ended up taking the rest of my meal home which I almost never do.  My girlfriend also enjoyed her meal and told me that all of the fish was cooked nicely and that she throughly enjoyed it. The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.  Hopefully the next time that I come back will be during the day so that I can enjoy the views but I will surely be looking forward to the food and may even try some of their fish myself.
2	I live near this place and I always want to like it more than I do. I like the bar area. Its small, but has character and a nice view.Once we ordered small plates and wine. The olives on our anti pasta plate were rancid. The manager/bartender apologized. Nothing was removed from the bill. And nothing was replaced. Last time we visited just for drinks. The bar area had a strong old mildew alcohol smell. It was almost overwhelming at first. I don't know if I will return.
5	I ate here last night with my husband and had excellent service and food. They have good happy hour specials (5-7) that are half off drafts, house wines, and well drinks, and bogo appetizers. The bartender Matt was very attentive. We had the meat and cheese plate for an appetizer and everything was fresh and yummy. Our side salads had a nice apple balsamic dressing on them.I had the Chilean sea bass that came with pappardelle noodles and it was probably my favorite fish entree ever! My husband had the surf and turf. The steak was cooked perfectly and the crab cake was delicious. There are a few good places to get crab cakes in Pittsburgh and this is one of them! I would go back tonight it was that good!
4	We tried this place out for the first time with a groupon.  I had the the lobster bisque - delicious but also very rich and filling which made it hard to eat my actual meal.  I had the salmon which was very good but may have been slightly over salted?  My husband had the turkey chili which he said was very good, as well as the veal which he raved about.  Cute little place, good food, we'll be back.
