5	Edited/Updated  4/3/2013Well, Ginny, the old owner, has come back after all this time. Everything is exactly as I remember and it is absolutely FANTASTIC to have it back.  Great pizza, kick ass salad bar, and the calzones are out of this world. I now go at least once a week. Very family friendly place too. Thank you, Village Pizza!My one-star Review from 3/10/2010:I have been eating at Village Pizza for over 15 years now. The previous owner knew how to run this joint. Fresh, hot pizza, good service, good value. I used to eat here at least once a week.Unfortunately, this is not the case now. The long-time owner has sold the restaurant to someone who honestly doesn't seem to give a damn. The pizza is cold on the buffet, the salad is old, the service is awful and the price for a lunch buffet got higher and higher as the quality diminished. I have not been back to Village Pizza in over 6 months now, don't plan on returning unless the previous owner decides to come back. I would say avoid this place.
2	Ordered for take-out.  Was pleasantly greeted on the phone and my order was taken down promptly.  When I showed up, the restaurant was pretty quiet and I was able to pay for my food and go in about three minutes.  I payed $10.45 for a large cheese pizza.  The pizza was nice and hot, but was mediocre in taste.    I ended up having to jazz it up at home with some basil, crushed red pepper, and garlic powder.There was a sign outside advertising the lunch buffet for $6.99, but I don't know that it's worth the money.  I can tell you that based on my the pizza I ate, I won't be ordering from them again.
5	What is the best pizza?  New York for sure!  What is the closest you can get to that around here?  Village Pizza!  We order for delivery, take out and eat in the restaurant.  I also order catering for my work.  The owner is super friendly and helpful, willing to work within my budget on catering events.  The buffet is very good with a nice selection of pizza and a nicely filled salad bar with a couple of pastas at the end.  But don't stop there!  Order a sub or entree off the menu.  I have had the meatball sub, stuffed shells and eggplant parmesan.  They are yummy!  Look at the daily specials.  They are a good idea to run by and take dinner home.
2	Had the buffet. Not many people in there tonight so the selection of pizza seemed minimal tonight. Overall - just ok pizza. Air conditioning must not have been working either.
4	This place was taken over and remodeled recently(within the last 4 months). The new owners seem to get it. This place is great for the value. I would ignore any posts older than 4 months or so since it is not the same place.
5	The original owner has restored our faith in real Italian food. www.villagepizzategacay.com has the whole menu just like before. Ginny Myers is back now since March 1st and doesnt skimp. come on back.
5	Best pizza in York Co. SO glad the original owners are back. Great food, very reasonable prices, warm and friendly service. Wonderful family restaurant where you can bring the kids for great pizza. Calzones are great. Try the pizza buffet, too. Delish!
5	Ginny may possibly be the best cook around! Village Pizza really is Italian food at it's best! Ordering from the menu or getting the pizza/salad bar, you really can't go wrong!  Lots of different pizzas to choose from on the bar as well as some pastas as well.
4	As a spaghetti and meatball connoisseur, I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of their plate! I particularly loved the seasoning on their giant meatballs, but I've never been a fan of thick spaghetti. Great overall, though!  Will definitely be returning.
5	This place has everything I look for in a casual ristorante! Great pizza, subs and pasta dishes your mamma should have made! The servers are quick and attentive and the owners are usually out making their rounds as well.We've eaten here over 4 times now and each time left well fed and happy. My favorite so far has to be the sausage and peppers pasta. It's a must-try. The pizza and salad buffet is always good when you can't decide on an entree and even comes with pastas. If you're not in the mood for something heavy, the Italian sub is perfect. We've even taken them out on the lake - perfect for the cooler.So glad this place has reopened with the original owners! Mangia!
2	They closed down for a while, opened with a new owner for a while, then one of the original owners re-opened it.  The pizza now is just ok.  I have had a meatball sub and stuffed shells and they are both ok.
5	Great place to take anyone especially kids um and also delivery is incredible highly recommended
4	So glad the old owners took it back over. SO MUCH BETTER. One of the better pizza buffets around town!!!
3	I don't think I could tell the difference between the pizza from here or Domino's.  That being said, its cheap, quick, friendly and the local competition is slim.  I will probably take out from here again out of convenience but most of the time I will venture out of Fort Mill to get the good stuff.
5	Decided on takeout last night - lasagna and chicken parm sandwich. Both were outstanding!!! This is more than a pizza place so don't forget to try other things than the buffet - you won't be disappointed.
2	I agree with another poster on the review about Village Pizza being compared to Dominos. I have to say tag lines of "Real Italian Food" caught my eye and sparked my interest. unfortunately, I was let down. There is nothing authentically Italian about this eatery. Staff was upbeat and nice , pizza buffet was sparse and pizza looked old. It was right around dinner time , so if anything, that's when the buffet should  be stocked with choices.  We ordered a pizza with meatball and pepperoni, and a side of mozzarella sticks. Sauce was decent and sticks were good, toppings were fresh. It's convenient, if you live in the area, but I don't understand all the hype.
3	Lovely staff, clean place, nice vibe.Pizza was just horrible.I've had better at Chucky Cheese. Spaghetti was average, it would have a hard time beating the stuff out of a can.Probably an awesome place for kids or the elderly, a clientele more likely to enjoy bland under salted food with no seasoning, and all the bright colors. Again,  very friendly staff. Only gave 3 stars for how awesome they are.
5	I'm glad village is back. After a few ownership changes, the village I ate has returned. The buffet is good. But buffet is buffet. Order a pie and you can have some flavor. The lasagna is tasty. The atmosphere is a family restaurant. If you've been around Tega cay or fort mill sc you can remember when it was one of two choices. Good pizza is finally back just wish they were open Sundays. Need some za for watching football.
1	Ordered for delivery..giving the information was painful. The person on the other line had an attitude and had trouble coping the information. I don't think I could have spoken any slower. I was told 35 min. Well 35 turned into 55. That extra 20 is an eternity when you have 3 hungry boys under 6yo. When I called back to see where it was I was again greeted with an attitude. Pleasant..right? Well we got to pizza, and it was cold. NEVER again. I'm going back to Danny's.
5	I eat here all the time. The food is really great, the buffet is always full with many different choices that look and taste wonderful. The staff is always very helpful and so nice. They offer a full menu as well as a buffet. The calzones are amazing. I'm not sure how anyone can complain about anything from here as I have always had a great experience.
4	Went in today for lunch and decided to try the buffet. Everything was really good, especially the buffalo chicken pizza. My toddler enjoyed the spaghetti and I think this will become one of our regular go-to spots.
5	My first stop when I visit Fort Mill is Village Pizza!  I haven't lived there for over 10 years, but whenever I'm back in town, it's at the top of my list for places to visit. I LOVE their pizza- the Red Veggie is my favorite. They definitely have the best sauce in the Fort Mill/Steele Creek area. I have tried almost everything on their menu and it is ALL delicious!  My favorite dishes are: the Stromboli, the Chicken Parm, and the Hot Roast Beef sandwich with Au Jus- yum!  My husband's favorite is their homemade lasagna, which he says is better than his Nonna's. The owner Ginny is so sweet and always remembers me and asks about my family. Highly recommend!
4	We enjoy this place, the pizza is top notch and delivery is fast. The spaghetti with meatballs are the best around. Also this is a great place to take the kids and the wait staff is friendly
3	First time back since the original owners returned, thought it would be just like before they left. Sadly, the new restaurant doesn't quite measure up like I remember from a few years ago. The Pizza was a little tough and chewey, with too much cheese and not enough tomato sauce. Was ok, but there are better pizza's around, will probably not be returning. Service was ok but not outstanding.
5	Just moved to Tega Cay area and tried this place.  Great value for your money and Kids eat free on Monday.  I think we found our regular Monday dinner option.   Salad bar was nothing special but the staff kept it very clean and replenished.  Staff was very friendly and accommodating to children.  Pizza/Pasta/salad bar was good and convienent.
