4	I'm not sure exactly how we found Tum Nak Thai.  It's tucked away between a Starbucks and a Weight Watchers, in a funky shopping center in Mesa.. who knew?Great family run Thai restaurant.  Very large menu.  I have a tendency to order the same couple of things every time I go, despite promising myself to venture into the rest of the menu.  The chicken massaman is phenomenal.  If I'm feeling dangerous, I'll hit the chicken panang (equally as good).  You can dine in or out.  We tend to order out because it's right around the corner from our house.  Everything is ready in 10 minutes.  If I call in from Val Vista and 60E, the food is piping hot and boxed by the time I pull in the parking lot.
5	Totally agree with the other reviewer on quality; very diverse menu all served colorfully and with very thoughtful tastes.  Nice family funs the place and it's spotless and very reasonable.  We know our way around a Thai menu and this is VERY good food.  Located right next to a Starbucks and a little out of the way but well worth the trip, especially if you're in the Mesa area!
5	Wow, is this some fantastic food! It was the first non chain restaurant we ate at during our vacation and I couldn't be more pleased. Not only was the staff friendly and attentive, the food was phenomenal. Presentation and taste were top notch. The Tai fried rice was the best fried rice I've ever had. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in town.Visit Date: 11/18/09
4	Outstanding! Authentic! Variety! ^good wait staff, ^Lots of food for the price, ^small but comfortable seating, -Only downside is the location is a bit obscure. I recommend the red curry & white rice and the Pad Thai! YUM.
4	Were looking for some thai food on the way home and saw this place in Yelp. It can be tricky cold-calling a restaurant to place a to-go order, but the guy on the phone was very helpful.I asked for his favorite thing on the menu, and was a little nervous when he said pad thai... the most generic thai dish I can think of. I like pad thai, but I've found it is rarely the best thing on a menu.  So I grilled him a bit and he stuck by his guns.We ended up with the pad thai and some tom ka soup, and both were fantastic. We went with Medium spice as we always do the first time we try a thai place, and it was tangy but not too hot.  We'll definitely be back to explore the rest of the menu and see for ourselves if the pad thai is the best they have!
3	My 15 yr old son & I thought we would try something out of our comfort zone and since neither one of us had ever ventured into the Thai Food world we thought we would give this place a shot. My guess is that this place is "pretty" good! Everything seemed very fresh & ordered to your heat preference. We started off with the crispy won tons stuffed with marinated ground chicken, served with sweet and sour sauce now these were pretty awesome, next we opted for a cup of Won ton Soup which was also pretty yummy. Our very young waiter made a few suggestions based on our lack of Thai experience, we complied and ordered the Chicken Pad Thai and the Thai Fried Rice. I honestly must tell you that although I believe other folks might fancy Thai food We did not like it AT ALL! The flavors were very complex too many things going on in my mouth & very spicy to boot ( we ordered the medium heat level). I will try & love lots of different flavors but just not sure I will be rushing back to Thai Food any time soon??  So with that said I will only give this Restaurant 3 stars but with reservation because it really wasn't their fault.
3	Me and my fiancee had a craving for some Thai food. We gave this place a shot, the food was good and the portions were just rite. We came in close to closing time and we got closing time service
4	Great little family-run Thai joint.  Very small inside, but nicely decorated.  The food is prepared with a lot of care and the ingredients are very fresh.  The Thai Fried Rice is excellent, as are most all the dishes.  Beware of the spiciness--medium here is like hot at other Thai joints.  My wife and I will be regulars.
5	This small family owned place really makes good food. My favorite dish so far is Pad Snow Peas. The Tom Ka soup is really good, I like it spicy. The service has been great every time we are there.
4	Tum Nak has so many good reviews and they deserve every one!  Far east Mesa can't be the best location for a place like this, but they seem to keep customers coming back (I definitely do anyway!).The Yellow Curry (hot) is my favorite, but I've tried just about everything on their menu and I've never been disappointed.The only negative is that the place is super small, so as the popularity gains, the more I find myself ordering to go :)
5	Can't get enough of their Pra Ram...the peanut sauce is unmatched!! We frequent this place regularly for weekday lunchtime specials. It's a family run business with weird hours, so make sure you call ahead before going. Well worth the trip though!
4	Small but a nice use of space. Food is well prepared, good proportions and the little shop is well decorated. I have been to a few Thai restraints lately and had a hard time tasting the spiciness but, at Tum Nak Thai, they do not short you. I like hot food and I recommend medium, you can taste your food and still get some gradual heat as you eat.  Favorite dish is the Pad Thai, my soon to be wife likes the hot and sour soup. If I had to say something negative...I have had better tom ka soup.  It is tuck away between Starbucks and Weight Watchers, if you know the area, they took over Samurai Sam location.  Maybe 8 tables in a location that used to be a fast food restaurant
5	I can't get enough of the Hot and Sour Soup!!!!Seriously, I eat large bucket of that stuff in one evening- lots of delicious tofu chunks and bamboo shoots, perfectly spicy at "Medium," and the mushrooms are juicy and flavorful (I'm getting hungry just writing this).Tofu Pad Thai is peanutty, spicy and delightful, as well.Like my main man, "Tom R." states- the place is "well-decorated." Intricate carvings everywhere and, of course, loads of elephants all over the walls.We almost always order our food for carryout, and it stays extremely warm all the way home- no reheating necessary.Regarding the spice level, "Medium" is what I always order and exactly what I expect- hot enough to make you reach for a cold drink for a sip now and then, opens up the sinuses by the end of the meal... NOT so hot you've downed a 6-pack by the end of the Pad Thai. If you don't like spicy food (i.e. you like "mild" salsa), just tell them, and I'm sure they'll accommodate your tastes.
4	I have been here several times and while I can't speak to the authenticity, the food has always been very good.  I always get an order of the pad thai, one of the curries, and either a fried rice or stir fry dish.  I have only ordered take out, but the food is always quickly prepared with large portions at an inexpensive price.  I'm always greeted with friendly service, and I would be perfectly happy paying more.  Medium to hot is plenty on their spiciness range.  I haven't dared to try thai hot, and I don't plan on it anytime soon.Overall, very good food at a great value with pleasant service.
5	Breast thai food in the east valley.  It is worth finding tis hidden gem.  The food is consistently amazing and flavorful.  Good for vegetarians.
4	The best Thai i've found in Mesa/Gilbert yet.
4	Very good small family run Thai place.  Hard to beat this place for your Thai fix.  Only drawback is that the restaurant is small so I usually get takeout, but it is nicely decorated inside. Pad Thai hot, wontons and wonton soup, hot and sour are my go to's. One of my favorites on the east side.
4	I've had Pad Thai with Chicken and Tofu here at lunch and dinner. The lunch portion is smaller but it comes with a fried egg roll. I only get mild but I hear that medium spiciness is pretty spicy.The dinner portion to go is amazing. I tend to eat a lot, and my friend and I were able to share a dinner portion and were completely full afterward.I love Tum Nak Thai because they don't charge extra for splitting up the meat. I love fried tofu, but sometimes I just want a little meat, so I always ask for a mix here. The flavor is good, but the dish is pretty oily.
5	I love this place! It's a hidden treasure and the food is SO good, and reasonable. I compare all other thai restaurants to this one; so far, none compare. I crave the Pad Thai (medium)! The Pad See Ew, Pineapple Fried Rice with Chicken (YUM) ~ all so good. Very friendly family-run business.  The only down side is although I want them to be successful, I want them all to myself  ;)
5	We had a wonderful meal at Tum Nak Thai. The service was very friendly and very fast! We enjoyed the wonton soup, pineapple fried rice, an amazing dish with peanut sauce and finished with homemade coconut ice cream. We also tried the thai tea and loved it. All of the food was terrific and I'd highly recommend this authentic, family-run place to anyone.  Seating is limited, so make sure to get there early, before the crowds.
3	Good Thai food at a good price.  This place is comfortable with plenty of space.  I was here for a late dinner and several tables were empty.  The menu was good.  The service was lacking as is typical for Thai places in general.  I asked for lime for my water, but they didn't have lime, so lemon would do...it never came.  Of the three servers here, they only stopped by after I had finished my meal to drop off the check.  I ordered my meal spicy but it was easily bearable.  My pineapple fried rice dish had way too much rice in it and not enough real food.  I was pleasantly surprised to find fish cakes on the menu...but they had very little taste even smothered with cucumber sauce which also had very little taste.  I'll keep looking for better...but this place is good.
5	By far my favorite Thai restaurant!  Love the food here!
5	The food is very tasty and the staff is very friendly.  There is a lot of variety and the atmosphere is very cozy.  It feels like a secret hole-in-the-wall place.  I can't vouch for the authenticity of the food, but it's extremely tasty compared to the handful of other Thai restaurants I've been to.
4	This Thai food is the best I have had in the east valley.  I've ordered from here a dozen times and have never been disappointed.  The amount of food you get is enough for a couple meals for me. The rangoons are pretty amazing, too.  I'm not a big fan of red curry, so if I'm in a curry mood I'll go with the yellow. If you call in your order for pick-up and they say 10 minutes, it's 10 minutes, at the most.  They are very friendly there.  I've never dined in before, but the place is really cute. I love all the trinkets. Some day I'll dine in. :P
3	Really good food. The place is hidden in a strip mall and it's pretty small inside but the menus and decor are really cute. Excellent service.  My friend inhaled his pad thai which he said was really good. I got something similar to drunken noodles and it was so good and the beef was super tender. My hubby got noodles too and asked for them thai extra hot and boy did he regret that! It lit him on fire. I'll have to try the curry next time.
3	We ate here for the first time on a Friday night. It was busy but we were able to get a table right away. After we were seated, we waited for about 20 minutes until we were helped. I think there were circumstances that made some of their wait staff unavailable for a bit but it was still unfortunate. Once we ordered, our food took a little while to come out. The food itself was pretty good. I wasn't crazy about my soup but my husband's noodle dish was good and our friend's Pad Thai was excellent. Because of the service issue, I'm not sure we would go out of our way to return here. Overall, it was an ok experience.
5	I had Thai coffee and thai fresh rolls. It was good. The vegetables were fresh and delicious. Plans to visit again.
3	What a cute little place!  The menus have an unique and innovative look. OK, that was the positive part. The negative part?  There wasn't anything negative either. This was your Valley of the Sun standard cookie cutter menu with right down-the-middle execution. In short, average in every way. If you want to be blown away, don't go here. If you want acceptably prepared Thai style food, this is your place.
5	Excellent food and cheap, cheap, cheap
4	Love the Thai food here, especially the chicken pad thai. I usually order my food ahead to go, and it's always ready when I get there. Very nice owners too.
5	Excellent food and very reasonably priced!  We LOVE the Pepper Steak stir fry with beef and the Massaman Curry is always a favorite of ours.  We finished the meal with Mango Sweet Rice and it was delicious as well.  It's fast, affordable and delicious food with fabulous service.  Our drinks were never empty!  We will definitely be returning.
5	Great little place. Good lunch and dinner menu - very friendly and cheap!!
5	My go-to restaurant for very tasty, genuine Thai food. Great lunch specials.  Favorites from the dinner menu: fish cake, tom kha soup, pad thai, hot basil, Thai iced tea
2	Almost made it to 4 star, but decided that i have had better.  Very good yellow currie.  Stir fry was middle of the road.  You should definitely get some coconut ice cream!
4	Really really good and very affordable.
4	I love this place.  The owners don't speak or understand english but their kids do.  They are a great little family doing their thing.  Great food prepared fast with large orders. I eat here often, and would eat here everyday if I could.  Alot of the larger restaurants could learn alot from this little gem.  great food.  The fried rice here is the goods. WiFi is free as there is a startbucks next door.
1	Hate to be the sour apple amongst all these glowing reviews but when you have a customer who can't eat something you serve them and they tell you that after you ask how your lunch was (plate almost untouched, BTW) and you don't offer to do something about it...... what can you say?!?!? I ordered Pad Thai and after I tasted it, I was unable to eat it as it was so sickening sweet that I thought I was going to go into sugar shock. Now the review that I did just before this one was also about Pad Thai that was a BIT too sweet. I'm not sure if Asian/Thai restaurants in this area think that Arizonians prefer their Pad Thai sweeter than where I'm originally from (honestly... I have eaten A LOT of Pad Thai) or if it's just that my tastes have changed, or just what. The main difference is that the last place the Pad Thai was just a little too sweet and didn't taste like the cook used 1/2 bottle of clear Karo syrup in the making of the meal.  Also.... the last place had a fellow who was unable to tolerate the spiciness of his lunch and when the server there saw he wasn't eating it, immediately  inquired and substituted another entree. MY server here at Tum Nak Thai asked if everything was alright (full plate of food pushed-away from me) and when I told him I couldn't eat is he asked me if I wanted a take-home container and recommended the #4 lunch special the next time. NEXT TIME?!?!? ....... Sorry..... this type of lack of concern is inexcusable!!!!  No thanks!!!!! I ended-up going to Subway to get something to fill my stomach . :^/
4	Love this thai joint. I've been here for lunch and dinner many times. They actually own another sister restaurant on Southern and Higley near Quiznos. Anyways, this place is the place to go if you got a thai fix. It will definitely satisfy your cravings for curry, pad see ew, pad thai, and those other Asian flavors. Thai food in my opinion is generally spicy and has a lot of curry, oyster sauce, and fresh veggies which I like. I've never had anything bad here, so I would recommend to try everything from soups to noodles to rice dishes. Great place for take out as well. It usually takes them 15 mins to whip up whatever you want and prices are very moderate.
5	Awesome Thai... Lunch special was $6.00...
5	We are hardcore foodies from Los Angeles who have eaten in some of the best restaurants in the world and are just plain crazy about good food.  Considering that I live in a city that has world's largest Thai population outside of Thailand and eat quite a bit of Thai food, I am very hard to impress.  So with that, I have now eaten at Tum Nak Thai twice and have been impressed both times.  This is really well done and seriously tasty Thai cooking.  Mesa, you have no idea how lucky you are.   Phoenix foodies, you would do well to head here!
5	Food was fantastic!  Service excellent as well. Highly recommend.
5	I come here for lunch at least once a week. Great food, great prices, great ambiance. The menus are unique, with a fabric cover and wooden carvings on it, which I haven't seen before. If you like Thai food, you can't go wrong with this place.
3	This is a cute little restaurant.   The menu cover is cool its engraved wood.  I got the chicken satay to start with.  My daughter liked that.  I wanted to try the Pad Thai (chicken) and yellow curry (spicy) also chicken.  I  love the Thai ice tea... I didn't like the pad Thai because the noodles were mushy and it tasted like vinegar.  Yuck... The chicken curry was good I asked for spicy but it wasn't.. The service was good..
4	The Pad Thai was really fantastic and it great atmosphere.
5	This place is fairly new and right around the corner from me. I ordered the won ton soup as usual. It was excellent. (I always request extra cilantro - I no longer have to because they know now how I like it) The Hot Basil is pretty much my regular meal there. I ask for Thai hot and is usually comes just right. The cashew nut with chicken is very good as well. My wife got the pineapple fried rice. It was ok. Not my favorite fried rice. But what throws them over the top is they have Pepsi. Not Coke. Highly recommend this place as one of the best Thai in Gilbert.
5	Best Thai food ever! I eat here when ever I want Thai.
5	Yellow curry was great and pad thai  medium is a good heat level we were very impressed. Small family place with amazing food!
5	Wonderul family owned business.  The takeout is fast and the eat in business is lovely.  I love the Pad See Ew! Have brought friends here and it is now our new favorite lunch stop.
4	Pad Thai was excellent, order hot though because medium barely had heat. Reasonable prices, good service too. Only negative was getting waiters attention when I needed some chile sauce to heat it up but I was there during busy lunch hour. I look forward to going back soon!
5	Delish! I love this place, they have the best Panang I have ever had. Th customer service here is excellent. I usually order to-go and they know my name when I call. The quality of food is consistent and very good. My husband has ordered the basil beef which is great but the Panang is my favorite. Their fried rice and soups are great too. Try a thai iced tea, yummy! We will continue coming back, glad to have great thai food within driving distance.
5	I love their Pad-Thai, Thai ice-tea and eggrolls! Probably my favorite place for all three.I moved away from EAst Mesa but I still try and get there once in a while.
5	This place is great!!!  Their lunch menu is VERY affordable, filling and delicious!  I have tried almost everything on the lunch menu and all are recommended.  I LOVE LOVE their Yellow Curry.....Staff is friendly and fast service!!
5	I have been here a couple times to eat inside their family restaurant.  They run a great business. Their food is great I love the yellow coconut curry at a level 10! I get their food to go all of the time. They are quick and easy to communicate with.
5	Pra Ram is outstanding, best peanut sauce around.
4	Great food for the money, mom and pop shop that Gilbert lacks!  This place puts big chains away!
5	Wonderful little place that's sandwiched in between a Starbucks and a Weight Watchers. I can only imagine how tough it is for the Weight Watchers people to keep walking if they get a whiff of the delicious scents emanating from Tum Nak. Wife and I usually get pickup every other weekend, if not more often. We also like to take advantage of their lunch specials when we get the chance. Unfortunately, we've only tried a few items on their menu because they do them that well and after we found what we liked, it's tough to stray. I usually get the Pad Thai Chicken (hot) and my wife orders the Spicy Green Bean Chicken (mild).The food is amazingly consistent and the service is always stellar which is a wonder in itself since they just have a couple of employees and the place always seems full. If you're in the Superstition Springs area, skip PF Chang's and head here when you want a taste of Asia.EDIT: The Weight Watchers people must not have been able to resist the temptation everyday. It's long gone from the complex.
5	Phenomenal. We like Thai food and this was a great find - close to home. But it's the food that sets this apart - we'd drive a long distance to get to this place.
5	Awesome! First experience with Thai food and it was to die for. I had the pad Thai with beef. I did the mild but I could have done medium. The Thai ice tea with cream was yummy as well! Definitely worth a look
5	Best pad sei ew in the valley hands down. Small place, but family run with great decor. I love this place!
4	Clean and cute.   Oh yeah and good food.  Service is pretty good, a little slow when they get busy, which is a lot because it's not very big.  They have wooden menus!!!
4	Great little place! Came here initially with my mom during lunch to see what kind of lunch specials they offered. It was great. Got a nice bowl of red curry and I was really pleased with the taste and the heat level. I usually go to a place in Gilbert, but they do not have lunch specials like this place. I felt like I got a generous portion at an affordable price. The 2nd time I went it was during dinner time and the place was very busy. This time I went with a Thai Iced tea w/ cream for a drink (MUST TRY!) and a pineapple curry. The curry was very well balanced and the pineapple chunks inside were a nice little addition. Recommended to anyone who loves a good curry.
5	Absolutely best Thai food in Arizona!  Every dish I've had there has been full of flavor that keeps me coming back for more.  When the weekend arrives and I'm ready to eat out, 9 times out of 10 I end up at Tum Nak Thai.  You simply cannot go wrong with any dish there.  I usually prefer the seafood combo in my dish of choice, and they do honor small requests such as removing the shrimp tails for me.  And how hot you want any of the menu items is up to you, as you can order anything mild, medium or hot.  Family owned and very friendly service, and if I could afford it, I'd eat there every day.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!It's a cute mom-and-pop's sort of little Thai place, and I think it's family owned.The food is DELICIOUS, the decor is cute and authentic-feeling (without feeling gross and musty), and they really take care of you. I go here almost every time I have a craving for Thai food, so I think the owner knows me by now...and I feel like he really takes care of me. What really impressed me was, one time I ordered this big salad, and it had too much raw garlic flavor in the dressing. I love garlic, but I can't stand the raw garlic flavor staying in my mouth the rest of the day....so I really couldn't eat it. When the guy saw that I hadn't touched this giant salad, he asked, "Do you not like it?" Feeling bad and not wanting to offend him, I said, "I just can't handle all the garlic....it looks so great but it's just my thing with garlic. I'm sorry!" And when he brought the check over, he hadn't charged me for the salad! I think it's only in maybe one or two super snooty expensive restaurants that opted to go as far as comp an entire entree based on my poor choice, with no mistake on their part. Now I will forever be a huge fan of Tum Nak Thai!!! :)
5	Our favorite Thai place in the valley. It is small so be prepared to wait on the weekend. Yellow curry, pepper steak and pad Thai is the best.
5	Excellent food. Great service. Love the Phad Thai and fresh spring rolls!
4	No complaints. Portions were crazy big!  Def go back again if I'm ever in the Mesa area.
5	Service was fast and kind. Food was affordable and quality driven. Excellent environment - right down to the look of the menus. Would recommend it to anyone seeking something different in E. Mesa.
5	We were the only customers, which tends to make one a tad nervous, but the service and food did not disappoint.  We got the fried wonton - and it might be my favorite Thai appetizer ever... chicken / peas / corn / carrots in tiny fried wonton triangles with a sweet orange dipping sauce - just wow.  I got my stand-by Thai dish - the Pad See Ew with pork, which was equally tasty.  Simple, fresh ingredients make all the difference, and this is right up there with the best Thai I've ever had.  Never a bad thing when you can get a nice cold glass of Thai iced tea to wash it down.  Well done!!
4	$6 lunch specials? Crazy! The portions are very generous too, and service was very friendly.I had the Thai fried rice, which included a hearty amount of chicken, rice, and veggies. It was delicious. It was such a big portion I needed a to-go box.Drinks are also reasonably priced ($1.75 fountain drinks).Definitely a good place for lunch if you're in the area.
4	Very fast, friendly, and accommodating service. Food was spiced perfectly, and was delicious. Only thing I would suggest is that they get a slightly bigger place...it was packed!
3	I didnt mind the food I bought, Pad Thai and Sweet and Sour Chkn, but my dad and husband were not big fans.  Overall they were nice and service was quick, food had a different taste than what we were used to.
3	Once again disappointed with Arizona asian food. The place is small, nicely decorated, and family-run.  I ordered the pad see ew which had a different flavor profile than I'm used to with the dish. The noodles were dry and they use that thin, dry, rubbery chicken with western vegetables instead of the authentic, traditional variety. I would suggest ordering a spice level up from what you'd actually want. As my friends and I endearingly describe, "it's white people spicy" (no offense meant). $6 for lunch special (comes with a small veggie egg roll) is great, but the portions are small to match. Service was so-so. He was obviously overwhelmed by lunch rush and never refilled my water.
3	Cute little restaurant. Decor is very nice, and there's plenty of parking.Stopped in for lunch with a group of friends. We weren't sure how to order (if you go up to the counter or if the gentlemen serving the dining room comes up to your table). He seemed a bit overwhelmed, so we each placed our order whenever we could get his attention.Lunch prices are good, but the portions are small to match. I had the red curry, which was good, but not outstanding. I asked for it to be hot (4/5), but I thought it was medium at best. If you like food spicy, definitely ask for thai hot (5/5). The accompanying egg roll and sauce were good. It took awhile to get our checks and pay; I think during lunch, there should be more people seating, cleaning tables, etc.I don't know if I would go back. It wasn't an amazing experience like others have had there. The food and visit were by no means bad, but I think I might explore other Thai restaurants in Mesa over a second visit.
3	I met a group of friends here for the $6 lunch special. When you first walk in, you enter the dining area, and then the register is in the back. I arrived first, so I wasn't sure where to go as there were no servers or a hostess. There were some customers waiting for their food in the back at the register/counter so I headed back there and they told me to just put my order in at the counter. I ordered the red curry and said that it was "for here" then sat down. One of my friends showed up and sat with me and asked where she should order - I told her I had no idea and we just took a menu since no one working at the restaurant was to be found once again. Eventually the man who had taken my order came to our table and took my friend's order. About 10 minutes later her food came, but mine didn't. Then it came out to go - including with plastic silver ware, etc. The rest of our party showed up so we moved to a larger table (most of the restaurant is 4 top booth seating). It was hard to get the server to bring me water, etc.  (I guess because my order was "to go"?), even though I had already paid and tipped well over 20% (eating in amount).I have to disagree with Anthony - the level of spice was not even white person spicy - it was just not spicy at all. The only person who seemed happy had ordered their food "Thai hot." My red curry was ok, not disgusting but not as complex of a flavor profile as Thai should be. The curry was also very saucy with few veggies/ meat.I'd give it another shot though, since it might have been a fluke as they seemed understaffed.
5	BEST thai food I have ever had! Love the family run restaurant!
5	Yellow curry w/tofu is my favorite!
4	Found this place on Yelp when looking for a lunch spot.  Really good food and service.  If you are looking for a solid casual thai place...this is the place for you.  Nothing fancy, but excellent food.
5	Delicious Pad Thai. Family owned and super nice staff. Really great Thai tea. Also if your in a hurry the carry out is always on time and is just as fantastic.
2	Have eaten here several times and the same experience, only progressively worse.First, the food is good. There are better Thai places in Gilbert, but their food is decent and the location is convenient.Second, the prices are also very fair and reasonable.Now the bad news. Horrible service. The dining room and take out service is all handled by one woman, the owner. She is simply overwhelmed trying to manage the dining room orders, answer the phone and settle up with the steady stream of carry out customers. They really should just hire some help! This past visit we waited ten minutes to place an simple order (larb, salad, and soup). After another 40 minutes we were told rather brusquely to "keep waiting". After another 5 minutes we left.Sorry, their food isn't so good, or the strip center ambiance so great, that it's worth nearly an hour's wait for food.Tum Nuk Thai...I suggest hiring at least one more person. We won't be back though.
5	Excellent food, our favorites are the Pad Thai, chicken satay and Spicy Chicken Fried rice.  Restaurant a little on small side to eat in, but they are quick.  We do take out quite often.
5	Tum Nak serves food that will take you're taste buds to flavor country.
4	Decided to walk on the wild side & try something new.... Glass Soup! Hot hot hot What a pleasant surprise. The texture of the noodles was like nothing I've ever had before and I am a sucker for anything with baby corns in it! My entree was the;Pad Kee MaoSpicy stir-fried noodles with hot basil flavor of basil, bell peppers, bamboo shoots, carrots, white onions, egg and your choice of meatIT WAS D'LISH... I like my dishes on the spicy side and this did not disappoint. Unfortunately I just don't remember the spicy level I choose but it had to be a 5-7. ;-)
5	Thought about giving it a four because we waited for a long time since they are not very organized with their waiting list (they don't have one) and even once we sat down it was still another hour before we got our food... However, this is by far the best Thai food in town! I can't wait to go back to try more dishes. Just don't plan on going at busy times, like Friday nights :-/
5	I always pass by this place when I do my Starbucks runs right next door but I have never felt the need to go inside. From the outside it barely looks like a restaurant and appears tiny and dark. I'm really picky about Thai food and this place was a pleasant surprise. I usually only eat Thai food in LA but I'm glad I found one that I like in my own city now! I got the Tom Kha soup, hot basil chicken and the Pad Kee Mao noodles. I made everything "Thai hot" (i love spicy food) and my mouth is still on fire! Tom Kha soup was sour, spicy and creamy...perfect! The owner was so friendly and it was a very cute and clean restaurant on the inside. I got everything to go and it was delicious so I can't wait to come back and dine in. Also, the Thai tea was soooooo good!
4	- Tom Yum soup: full of flavor and had a nice freshness to it - Cashew Nut Plate w/chicken: When the cashews still have that little crunch and you get that little tickle at that back of your throat from a dish being perfectly spiced, you know you're eating something special.- Pad Kee Mao w/ pork: Good flavor, the pork was tender, and the noodles weren't sticking together as you find in a lot of lesser versions of pad kee mao.Overall, I was very happy that this place was recommended to me by a friend of a friend.
3	It's pretty tasty thai food, we ordered spicy thai fried rice, beef salad, pineapple curry, and lad na. I really want to give this place 3.5 stars because it was better than A-OK, I'm just not a fan of thai food in general.. I mean I like it but I never love it.  For those who really like a variety of flavors this is the place for you! Every bite was filled with flavor, I always think things are too salty because I have a sensitive palette but my boyfriend and roomate thought it was fine.  Thai fried rice- Full of flavor, comes with bamboo shoots kind of weird if I knew I would opt out of the bamboo.  Other than that very tasty Beef salad-  I was only disappointed because the beef is cooked well done, normally in thai beef salad the beef is seared, leaving it very tender.  Pineapple curry- My first few bites were good but after a while it got too salty and overwhelming. If it was a tad less salty I would have been more satisfied. Lad na- I really liked this, though I am use to Lad na not swimming in brown gravy.  I will be back to try some other dishes.  I feel like I need to try more menu items.
5	I have been here a few times and it's always the same...Awesome!!! The yellow curry is delicious with the spiciness made to your comfort level. It is not a large place but it has some cool decorations and a warm family business type feel to it. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes supporting local business and enjoys great food.
4	First time at Tum Nak Thai today. Even tho we arrived at 3 PM, it was half full inside (a good sign).  Ordered Beef Larb, Shrimp Pad Thai and Pork Spicy Green Beans. The service was fast to start and our Larb arrived in 7 mins. It was tasty, with just the right amount of spice. Most of it was on top of the lettuce tho, so we couldn't eat it as a wrap, just with forks. Still good tho. 3 mins later our entrees arrived, piping hot. The Pad Thai had a sweet taste but very good. The Green Beans were spicier than we expected. We realized that they were called Spicy Green Beans but we ordered all our dishes medium hot and this one was blazing. Service was a bit off after that, probably due to the crowd. Just mom serving 6 tables and she had trouble keeping up. Never got offered any drinks beyond water and even that got ignored despite an empty glass. I recommend Tum Nak Thai but hopefully they will add a server.
5	Great food. Fresh spring rolls are so delish (haven't tried the fried, and probably won't because the fresh are sooo good)!  Every meal I've ever had here has been great.  Service is always great too!
4	This place was a happy surprise. Not a lot of seating, but the food and service is great. Started with the fried wontons (they were delicious with ground chicken in them.) Entree I had the Lad Na (flat noodles pan fried with brown gravy with chicken, broccoli and carrots.) The gravy was very flavorful and the noodles were cooked perfectly. I also tried the Thai iced tea which Brian recommended, tasted good but was not really my thing.  All in all a really tasty Thai place!
4	Yummy! The mild Pad Thai was divine! Egg rolls were great also....will be back! Service was a little slow, super busy.
4	Good food and they even made it "Thai hot" which was nice. The only reason I give them 4 stars is they don't serve beer! Friendly owners in a very small place.
3	Not as impressed as the other reviews had me to believe. I had the Pad Thai which is a staple and should be awesome, but it just tasted super tomatoey. The chicken wasn't seasoned at all. Service was fast and the people are friendly, but this place doesn't really taste that authentic. They're menus are in the same folders they had in Thailand so that was cool to see.
4	Tom kha with chicken was really good, better than the one that I've tried from the other restaurant. The tofu fried rice was very delicious.. Service was good.I like everything except the beef from my drunken noodles, I'm not sure if the meat was over cooked or something but it was hard.
1	I want to like this place SO bad. I love Thai food and there aren't too many around. It's also a small, family own business, but it's just not that great.I had high expectations walking in. There were a lot of people, the reviews were great, and it was personally recommended to me by picky palates own, Jenny Flake!It was small and cute, with great decorations, and we were seated quicklyIt took a couple of minutes to be given menus and it took almost 10 minutes just to get drinks.     We ordered the chicken satay, mild tom kha soup, medium chicken pad thai, medium spicy fried rice, and the pineapple curry.It took quite a while for the food to come, no to mention, the chicken satay (appetizer) came out last. Here are my reviews on each food item.Chicken Satay: Big meaty skewers of chicken, and was very juicy, but SERIOUSLY over salted. I could hardly eat it. This was probably the best of the 4 things we ordered, which is saying something. And while eating my second skewer, I discovered it to be RAW in the middle! Really? Tom Kha Soup: Utterly disgusting. Ordered it based anothers review on here. It was super sour. And not just lemony, because I love lemongrass and lemon! But this soup was literally inedible and was like a sour warhead.Pad Thai: It was really very sweet and also a bit sour. We took two bites and had to throw it out. Fried Rice: Pretty mediocre. Just fried rice, really nothing special at all. Not horrible.Pineapple curry: Pretty good. Would order the curry if I ever come here again.We also ordered the coconut custard with sticky rice and it was just okay. The service was really not great either. It took a while to get the waiters attention. Really sad to write such a bad review. I think we just got unlucky, but you'll be taking chances coming here. I, for one, will not come back. :(
4	Really decent place for thai food in AZ. I like that it is a small place. The family that owns it is super nice. Definitely my favorite dish is the pineapple fried rice. It has a lot of pineapple chunks in it and it has a good flavor. Their Tom Kha soup is pretty good too. Their fried banana dessert with ice cream is really yummy. They give just enough so you aren't overwhelmed by the fried banana. They also have very cheap lunch specials. Pad thai is only ok. Not the best I've had.
5	Amazing restaurant! Love this place and eat here twice a week religiously. Red curry and panang are sooooo good!
5	Amazing.
5	This place is one of the best thai places you can ask for. My favorite dish is the pineapple curry. Great service and friendly owners.
4	Cute little mom-and-pop shop. It's kinda tucked away, but once you find it it's cute & comfy on the inside. The service was efficient, attentive & friendly.  Lots of good options. We went for lunch & felt like we got a very good deal. The food was yummy. My only complaint was that my larb didn't have quite enough mint to my taste. My companion enjoyed pad tai although he said it tasted more sweet & sour, which is not what he was expecting.
5	No matter where I go, this is my FAVORITE Thai restaurant. I love the decor. I have never had a bad experience here.
4	Another Yelper  recommended this place . After a year being bookmarked, we finally gave it a try. We will definitely return. I thought the flavors were delicious and the restaurant Mom and Pop cute. I was disappointed no eggplant on the menu though.
5	New to town and recently tried this place for the first time. The line was out the door, and the whole restaurant full (plus it was storming outside, so that's sayin something!) so we knew it must be good. And it certainly was! We ordered the phad thai, phad see iw and yellow curry. All were delicious, and had just the right amount of spice. The thai iced tea was also very flavorful. Would absolutely recommend.
3	My daughter wanted her standard "Chinese" for weekend lunch so I decided to broaden her horizons. We were in the area and I had been to Tom Nuk Thai once a long time ago and remembered it being good so we stopped in. Besides one older couple, we were the only ones there. It was 2:38 in the afternoon on Saturday. The waitress came quickly and asked about drinks. I ordered a Thai iced tea, my daughter had a sprite. The waitress disappeared and came back with our drinks and asked if we were ready to order. I asked if we could still get the lunch specials (available until 2:30). No, she said. We were 8 minutes late. ??really?? Ok, so we ordered chicken satay, pad see ew, and larb salad. I asked for medium heat, my daughter isn't a pro with spicy food yet. The Larb and pad see we were excellent. The Larb was tangy with hints of mint and cilantro. Both dishes though had a little kick. There was plenty of chili pepper flakes in both dishes. My daughter was hungry though and are her full. The satay came last. It was also good. My daughter liked the peanut sauce because by this time her mouth was on fire and was drinking my iced tea. The food was great. The only odd thing was how rushed our waitress was. Seriously 100 miles an hour like she was busy doing something else. I'd go again, but would make sure to beat the 2:30 deadline.
2	Went here for lunch with some friends. I had never been here before. Ordered a shrimp dish that the server recommended. I thought it was subpar. The service was not good and the food definitely didn't make up for it.  Maybe it was just the dish I tried but I didn't like it.
5	This place is one of my favorites!! The food is exceptional, especially the pineapple curry. Everything I have tried, which is almost everything, I have absolutely LOVED.  The Pad Thai is amazing, the lime shrimp soup that I don't remember the name of is amazing, the green curry is tasty. It's a battle every night whether we should go here or try something new. I have thrown this up ( not due to the food, I had the stomach flu) and I still love to eat here! Usually puking something up ruins it for me...not in this case. I can't beat the love for Tum Nak Thai. The servers are helpful, they get you what you want, make sure you're taken care of, but they don't hover, which is a pet peeve of mine. If you're thinking about trying it...do it!
5	Delicious, inexpensive and friendly. The restaurant is cozy and always full. Since I discovered it a few months ago this also is my favorite takeout place.
5	I've been going to Tum Nak Thai for over 4 years now, and would not go anywhere else! This place is by far the best Thai food i've ever had. I've taken multiple people here who have not tried Thai food before and they all get turned into Thai fanatics! I recommend this restaurant to anyone who is looking for real authentic Thai food. The food is made fast, taste amazing, and is very well priced!
5	I've been to a lot of Thai restaurants here in Arizona and San Diego and this place has the best Pad Thai! On top of that it's almost never busy. Great place check it out.
5	A place has to be perfect for 5 stars but this place is deserving !!! The drunken noodles aka pad kee mau (sp?) were AMAZING. Also their Peanut Sauce on the Pra Ram rivaled with my all time fav joint in San Diego (bahn Thai)Yes east valley....FINALLY worthy Thai dishes. Fresh, authentic and mouthwatering
4	Favorite Thai joint, very nice owners quiet atmosphere but most importantly great food!
5	Love this place. Huge portions for the money and great lunch specials. We've been there a few dozen times and everything, from the service, to the food, to the wait time is consistent which I like.
4	Loved the pad kee Mao and lettuce wraps.  Curry are all tasty too.  Not a fan if the hot soup, but service is fast and there is value in this hidden gem.
4	This small restaurant is friendly and fast.  My wife and I enjoy sharing the Chicken Pad Thai.  Next time we'll order it a bit hotter and perhaps we'll try some of their other dishes.
4	I would go back here. This was my first Thai restaurant that I have ever been too. I was honestly worried that I wouldn't like my food, so I kind of copped out and got Sweet and Sour Chicken (see pic!) lol. It was pretty good. I didn't care too much for how the chicken was basically these small strips, but nonetheless it was decent. I got their Fresh Thai Rolls as an appetizer and we also got fried won tons(?). I did really like the Thai Tea as well. For dessert, we had the coconut ice cream and fried bananas. The fried bananas were good and reminded me somewhat of banana nut cake. The coconut ice cream was good too, but I feel like you could probably just buy that from Fry's. Also, they give you plenty of food. I had over half of my food for leftovers, even with letting my family taste test. They bring out a big bowl of rice for everyone to share. The staff was attentive and the young lady helping us was nice. I got there before the rest of my family and picked a booth for us. There was only one other couple in there at 6:00 on a Friday. By the time we were done eating this tiny little place was totally packed. (That's a good sign!). We were going to go to another place on Power and Southern but after reading reviews on Yelp about rude service and bugs, I was able to convince my family to try this place instead. I am glad we did!
5	Oh my GOD!!!!!.The fried rice dish is amazing, red curry is superb and pad thai above average. U can't go wrong. They don't deliver but they do have pick up. The food came out fast and hot. Service was just right.  My favorite thai place in town.
5	The first sit down restaurant my girlfriend and I have eaten at since moving from CA, and it set the bar high! The food was delicious, the service excellent and the restaurant was clean and inviting; we especially loved the creative menu. I had the pad si ew and it was freshly made and delicious, with lots of left overs. We go to lunch here at least once a week now.
5	We came here for the lunch special which was extremely reasonable. The waiter was fast with his service which is always a plus!! My family ordered a pad sae ew, pad thai and a yellow curry. All their dishes were seasoned well with just the right amount of spiciness! (They will ask you how spicy you want it). However, the pad thai was a little on the sweet side, but other than that there food and service was above par. We came on a Monday during lunch time and the place got packed quick. The restaurant is small, so come early if you want to beat the rush of people!!
3	It was my first time eating here tonight and it was a pleasant experience! Our waiter was polite. The place itself is small and personable which I like. The front door is hidden though outside by a concrete pillar right next to Starbucks, ha ha.  I had the Tom Kha soup, and it was a little too spirit me by still good. Next time I'll get it more spicy instead of mild, there wasn't enough of a kick for me. Also the Thai tea was delicious, try it!
5	My hubby and I eat here almost once a week and I refuse to eat Thai anywhere else...at least in Mesa.  We always do take out...cheaper that way. So I don't know how good they are as far as service, etc but we've never had any problems with take out.  The food is excellent!  I usually get yellow curry with chicken and my husband gets pad Thai extra spicy.  Their pineapple fried rice is yummy too!  Love this place!
5	I love this place! I go here whenever we are close by. The prices are great and so is the food. You can't loose with the menu. I always get the hot basil but the fried rice and curry dishes are great and so are the soups and Thai fresh rolls. I have never had a bad experience here and lunch is quick cheap and delicious!
4	favorite thai food restaurant in the valley! I recommend the pad thai and green curry. the only issue is NO COKE PRODUCTS!!! they only serve pepsi :(
4	Great prices for their lunch menu! $5.95 For all their specialties and a spring roll. Ran by friendly people and were pretty quick. Not much room for large groups, only a couple tables to put together. Love their wooden menus!
4	Excellent Thai food restaurant. Small and perhaps not as clean as I would like, but wonderful food with great service. I would recommend it to anyone. The owners care and they are very committed to running an excellent restaurant. We will continue to eat there often.
5	Oh so yummy!!! Amazing Thai food. Watch out fleshed wanting to add spiciness. Their hot is SUPER HOT!! Choose mild of you natural like spicy hot food. Such a great place.
5	I've been a long time reader , but not a reviewer .. Here we go. This place is small , comfortable and has that Asian home feel. The food is excellent ! What's this place get 5stars is its consistency .. The food tastes the same every time . I've been here with my family over a dozen times and have ordered numerous plates. Every plate is good. Prices are low, so dining with the family doesn't hurt the wallet. If you feel like having Thai food , give this place and try and I'm sure you'll be coming back
5	Great little Thai place!  We had one of the lunch specials and it was delicious!  Everything is cooked fresh and you can tell!  Plus the decor is the cutest!  Note:  Friday's at lunchtime are busy, be prepared to wait a few extra minutes.
3	I was excited to try this as my friends have been wanting to go and the reviews looked good. I'll say it's not the best but it's not the worst. There were 7 of us that went so we ordered quite a bit of the menu and shared.They were very busy so I'm wanting to go back and try againLet's start with drinks,  I wanted hot tea, the server said they didn't have then the owner I assume whipped some up, was different than normal hot tea but it was ok. The curries were very thin but had good flavor. Wish they were hotter though, especially since we requested hot.The soups were nice and spicy as requested. The pad Thai was very different and not a huge fan. The apps were really good!! I will give this place another shot
1	I had the worst Pad Thai ever. The noodles were mush, too much sauce, nothing appeared to be fresh at all. One of the worst looking dishes of Pad Thai I've ever seen. The sauce tasted like pure Sriracha. I thought I was eating spaghetti. It was gross and I don't say that lightly. I have no idea how anyone would like this. Ew!
4	The food was absolutely delicious! My family ordered to go and we got Pad Thai, Pra Ram, and Chicken Panang. Though the Panang was a little on the, "a little too spicy," side, the sauce itself was great. The pad Thai was ah-mazing! I've never had better, but there was less meat than I expected. Still, very yummy! Pra Ram is my boyfriend's favorite & Tum Nak Thai did not disappoint! In our order, they forgot to add the peanut sauce to the Pra ram, which is why I'm giving them one star less. The woman at the front of the store was rushing everything, even ordering on the phone & if they would've taken their time, I bet there wouldn't have been a second trip back, to get the peanut sauce. The food was delicious and I'm glad I've found a great Thai restaurant by my house.
3	Cheap lunch specials. Thai fried rice was good.
5	I've been to Tum Nak Thai so many times I lost count. My boyfriend and I usually get the same thing. He gets the number 40, which is some kind of noodles. They are really good, especially when spicy. I usually get their Pad Thai, extremely good. Extra peanut taste, how I like! Their Won Ton soup is great, and it's not mostly broth like some places. Egg drop soup is amazing, too! The portions are on the bigger side, but not huge. Should fill you up no problem!
5	Pad Kee Mao (drunken noodles) are off the chain!!! You must order them. YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED. We love this place. Service is not incredible, but this place is affordable and the food is so good.
