5	Five stars for having it all in one location.I had to suffer through a few days of seminars to improve my outlook on life when all I wanted to do is sit and look out for nice guys, a vast improvement from the LA scene. Hunting down a few closely situated boy bars proved to be more of a challenge than I wanted. Hell, (on earth) Phoenix is no WeHo or Castro.  Thank god our second stop was Amsterdam. At first I would find it easy to criticize the lack of uniform theme to the place but after a few fun filled hours I'm won over to its MPD. First stop the main room bar and lounge. This is what the Abbey wished it could look and feel like. It is tastefully accented with massive bronze statues, gilded mirrors, over stuffed couches and club chairs, very classy and comfortable. The bartenders are sharp and helpful.Moving outside they have what they call the Malibu bar. OK I'm from Malibu and putting up a few surf boards and a fake shark head does not make it.....awww fuck it! Its outdoors you know, it has nice down lights and FIRE! God I love a good tiki torch!The bartenders are in their best surf shorts and nuttin else! Be ready to bump a lot this seems to be the most used space in the place. I still don't get the upper loft patio thing, save the trip up the stairs.On to the Miami room, this is where the DJ and his followers worship. The room is dead tech industrial bullshit. The room comprises of cement floors and bar, opaque glass, gray Venetian plaster walls with a little stainless steel, a look too bright even for a Miami dance club. The poor bartenders here deserve hazard pay for having to work so close to the sound system. Order simple one word drinks here. WATER....NO I SAID WATER PLEASE!!!!! NO...OK FUCK IT I"LL DRINK THE RED BULL!!!!!I love the DJ's! They Rock!Final stop was the transitional or Tranny bar (I'll call it tranny if I wanna, BITCH) between the Front room, the Miami room and the Sidewalk facing patio. Here you could see the comings and goings in a bright but not harsh light. i.e. He looked cute in Malibu but by the time we got to Miami he was lookin' a little on the "not tonight" side. Moving to the tranny bar gave me one last chance to say "Deal or No deal"!I had fun, spent way less than a night in LA and feel that this place saved me from having to bar hop in support of my ADD.Oh and as if you cared......HE said "No Deal"
5	Amsterdam is an amazing gay club. It's gone through several transformations, and yet still has kept it's original spirit through it all - which is a welcome change as most clubs think they have to completely re-vamp and maybe re-name whenever they remodel!  But anyhow...I love their outdoor area.  It's so great to have a space that takes advantage of our weather - and helps so much when dealing with smoke and/or noise levels.  Here's what's weird though - Recently I feel like gay people are the minority.  I mean, it's a gay club, but everyone who tells me how much they love the place are straight people.  Part of me says I could care less who's going as long as it's getting the business it needs to keep going strong and continually improving as it does.  But when 4 of us went there last time, there were a few straight couples who were giving us "the weird looks" when we were just holding hands.  I'm hoping it was just a chance occurrence, and not a regular issue or I'll have to remove a star.
5	Easily the best gay bar in Arizona for several reasons including: good drinks, friendly bartenders, pretty people, upscale decor/atmosphere and immense size.  It is comparable in feel to the Abbey in West Hollywood.  One of their claims to fame is their huge and inventive martini list.  So many places to hang out in depending on your mood - several outdoor patios, a beach (basically just has a surfboard) bar, Miami dance club, and the main bar area with a huge carved cherrywood bar, plush leather sofas and giant Roman pillars.  This mega-bar suffers from an identity crisis, methinks.The crowd can be really busy and annoying on weekends.  People here can be friendly, but there are definitely friendlier bars out there.  So with that said, I would encourage you to go with a group of friends. Monday nights are favored for their Martini/Manicure night,  Thursday has a drag show, and weekends have the normal busyness.   Amsterdam is definitely the most straight-friendly gay bar in Phoenix.  Depending on the night crowds can vary - but are usually comprised of gay men.  The next biggest crowd is straight women, with lesbians not far behind, and finally everyone else - incl., yes, straight men.  The bar tends to have more straight people on First Fridays.Getting there is always a bit of a surprise so beware of the light-rail construction.  Over the past year it's not as busy due to the construction and the opening of Burn a few blocks away.  So now is a good time as any to check it out.UPDATE - 5/07The past few months I have been going here have been very DEAD.  Weird crowd and not really that fun.  But it's still a great bar - 5 stars.
2	Oh man. I feel kinda bad giving this place two stars with all the glowing reviews below me. But come on! The place is soooo shady. They charged my boyfriend $3 for a glass of coke poured from a can-- and not even the whole can! And in the same night, I got charged $4, $5 and $6 the same drink from different bartenders. Any of those prices are a lot of money for a gin and tonic, with well gin! After paying cover, you end up pretty much broke at the end of the night.On top of the money situation, this place just screams pretension! They don't have any theme-- they are just trying way too hard to be cool. I mean, there is actually a crooked painting on the wall. A crooked BAD painting on the wall. I would have given only one star, but the martinis are pretty damn good. Plus, the music is always fun. But, still, I won't be going back anytime soon.
5	The gay bar that you'd feel comfortable bringing your mother to.Ambiance: The decor is elegant and sophistocated while the lighting keep things young and energetic, music is the typical techno that all gay bars play.Drinks/Food:Tasty, inventive drinks with fun flavors.  If you like "girlie drinks" they can stasify you.  Also has a wonderful appetizer and casual dinner menu with things like pita and hummus, tomato and mozerella, pizzas, sandwiches, but with really fresh ingredients.  Crowd:I tend to go on the slower weekdays with friends, so meeting a big group of people would be better then, when you can actually hear each other talk on the patio (which is also beautifully designed).  On the weekends, I believe it's crowded and more mixed (lots of straight girls dragging their boyfriends).  Also tends to be younger and trendier.  Although people seem nice enough, the crowd does tend to feel fashion/appearance conscious.  I know that if I were single and looking, I would definitely feel intimidated in this bar.  My recommendation, go out and bring your friends.  You'll feel like a fabulous trend setter.  Though you can pretty much wear anything, it's also a nice place dress up a little and make a night of it.  Though beware the Light Rail parking woes...P.S. One plus...many gay bars will not let you open a tab.  They will cash out money for you to pay with and usually charge you a fee.  Amsterdam WILL let you open a tab for the evening.
4	My friend took me to Amsterdam one night after I'd had a really rough day at work.  We usually frequented the "girl" bars but wanted to see what the guys were working with.Amsterdam was really nice.  It was clean, it had great decor.  I love the velvet couches and the lounge feel.  I had some kind of special drink that almost put me in a coma.  All I know is it was purple, had fruit in the bottom and tasted like champagne.  It was Major!I wasn't that crazy about the layout and the dance floor was kinda small.  On the way out a drunk ass guy asked me if I was Queen Latifah and kissed me....Ok!
4	I'm straight but went there for my gay cousins birthday. If anyone is looking for someone he's a real cutie :) Anyway we had so much fun. The people were so friendly and inviting. We has an amazing time. Loved the martinis. I can't wait to go back again.
4	This really is the only gay bar you could take your mother to (although I don't know why you'd want to go drinking with your mom), or any of your straight friends.  It's tame, it looks classy, and it's pretty much the opposite of the seediness and lameness that your straight friends probably expect out of a gay bar.  Just don't go on any day other than friday or saturday, or you're probably gonna walk right in the middle of a drag show (too often at this bar in my opinon).The inside bar is cool if you can get a seat, but tends to be too loud if you aren't drunk yet.  The back patio is my favorite area when the weather is nice...you can watch the crowd and videos and hang out with larger groups of friends.  The Miami dance club is a little pointless; it's too small to actually dance, and is a really awkward space that would probably make a better lounge.The bottom line is that Amsterdam is a great place to start out the evening on a Saturday, then head to Burn for some dancing later in the evening (it's close enough to walk from here) and let loose.  If it's just you and a bunch of straight friends (or conservative gay friends), stay here.
3	No night out in the Valley's gay universe is complete without making at least a token appearance at Amsterdam.  The dcor is miles above and beyond that of most nearby LGBT bars, partly in that it has a dcor.  Despite being a bit cramped, the flow from dance floor-to-indoor bar areas-to-outdoor patio bar area works all right.  Like one reviewer noted, it's a crowd and atmosphere is well-likened to a micro-version of WeHo's Abbey, though I don't think Amsterdam has a daytime business (e.g., Sunday brunch).  Despite the internal hype, I have consistently been disappointed by Amsterdam's martinis.
3	One thing I'll appreciate at any gay bar outside of New York City/LA and occasionally San Francisco...the drinks are cheaper (score!). So, the boys and I, after a VERY unfortunate first attempt at exploring gay phoenix/tempe/scottsdale on a Thursday night, were very happy to run into Amsterdam. Nice decor, lovely outdoor space with the ever so classy tequila bottle lights, and good service. They play good music and the guys are cute...although, I don't think I've EVER seen so much hair product in my life. It's like woman and their chest as they get older and using a bra....I think gay men fear that their hair will start to sag over years of fighting gravity, so they have hair product to give it support (but even I know when a push up bra is pushing up just a little too much)! Also, kind of a negative point...definitely sensed some attitude at this bar. The guys here seem VERY into themselves. Just an observation, take that and do with it what you will. Some helpful tips...on Saturday night, I believe it's no-cover before midnight...they serve plastic cups at the outdoor bar instead of glass (not really a deal breaker, but in case you're curious), and the dance floor is kind of unimpressive.
4	Amsterdam was the first gay bar in Phoenix that I had the courage to enter, and I'm glad it was my choice. As stated in several other reviews, it really is one of the classer bars in Phoenix, in Arizona, arguably in America and maybe even the world. The tile design as  you enter, the leather couches, the lighting, the faux corinthian pillars, the huge bar in the front room... all just really done well. Some of the clientele can be a bit bouzhy but honestly I find most people here to be quite friendly overall, you just can't assume someone will be a snob because they're well-dressed compared to other venues. The martinis are about the best I've had, and on Monday nights they're $5. I find myself overindulging every time I know I have a Tuesday off (which isn't that often). I was dissapointed with the redesign. The back patio, which used to be mellow and upscale with tile floors, a fountain, and a chill vibe, came back to life last year with a 'beach' theme (in Phoenix?) consisting of tequila-bottle lights, a fake plastic shark, and a surfboard. Seriously, what the hell is that? Everyone I know makes fun of it. The dance floor is brightly lit, so that people are too self-conscious out there to use it until it's really late and they're really drunk. Seriously, guys... a $5 dimmer switch would improve that room tenfold.Still, it's the best place to go in Phoenix at the beginning of the evening, on the weekends or on Monday nights. Tuesday through Thursday, don't waste your time. Two dead nights and a bad drag show take up the midweek. But for the nightlife in Phoenix on the weekends, it's the best there is.
4	I'm about as gay as Samuel L Jackson, but Amsterdam is inviting for heteros too.  I've been here at happy hour, where I *think* they have some drink specials (its so hard to keep track of my tab these days ... or ... perhaps I'm being roofie'd there.  *blink*).  They have a pretty creative drinks menu that i don't really dabble too deeply in, but i love their Guiness/Hefewiezen half-n-half, their Bloody Hefe, and their house Raspberry Beer & Guiness halfer.    The back patio is cool, but its theme seems out of place with the rest of the bar, namely, the gaudy decor and cherrywood of the main bar.We went on a Friday night recently with my gf and some other friends, and if you go with the right people, you will have a killer time dancing and drinking wild shit.  I had some kind of pomegranate (which is, along with cranberry, the femme fruit of choice) drink that i was really feelin and with some JTL* on the decks ... it was a kickassfuckintime.*Rock Your Body
3	Well...interesting experiece...AWESOME service; Mathew at the front bar especially went above and beyond...as well as the security staff who called us a cab when we were ready to leave... Club is beautiful...but off of the beaten track.  Not very busy the night we were there; lots of cute girls and boys...but a couple of freakshows as well; one troll followed us all over the club...Suggest that you moderate your alcohol consumption and drive as we had to wait a LONG time for a cab.  Good mixed club for all...boys girls and the straights...excellent beverages.
4	Hot boys! Yay!Hot boys that don't want to make out with me. Boo!Amsterdam is a hop, skip and a jump away from my homo - er my home, so I end up here quite a lot. They have good drinks, a nice patio and lots of eye candy. There is a little bit of attitude here, but I think that makes Amsterdam extra spicy. I definitely recommend this place to gay friends and straight friends, alike.One issue, though. True story:About 1 year ago I was in the bathroom at Amsterdam. I exited the bathroom and about 5 seconds later realized I left my PURSE in the bathroom stall. (Drunk, anyone?).  I turned right around and went right back in the b-room and politely knocked on the stall door and asked if the woman inside could hand me my purse. Here is where it got CRAZY.Me: May I please have my purse. I accidentally left it in the stall.Woman in Stall: There's no purse in hereMe: Are you sure? I just left and you just walked right in. Can you look? Please?WIS: I SAID there isn't a purse in here. (Then I think she called me a bitch and started yelling)Me: I'm really sorry to bother you, but I KNOW my purse is in there. I'll just wait until you are done.WIS: FLINGS stall door open and THROWS my purse at me! Clearly she went through my whole purse. Credit card receipts are all over the place. The wallet is emptied into my purse and on the floor. Cash is missing. I'm all WTF? And she storms out of bathroom. My male friend (who is totally flamboyant and over the top) is in the doorway screaming and trying to stop her, but she shoves him out of the way. I look in my purse and can't find my phone. Holy shit! Where's my phone?????????We search the stall, the bathroom and finally find it...IN THE USED TAMPON BIN! Yes, in the nasty white tampon box thing in the corner of the stall.That bitch put my cell phone in the TAMPON BIN!!!Ew.So moral of the story? Amsterdam is good, but beware of purse thieving  tampon whores.
4	Though I've never been to Amsterdam (the country), I don't quite see the connection to Amsterdam (the club). I've heard in Amsterdam (the country) you're able to buy both cannabis and a whore right out in the open. Yet at Amsterdam (the club), I've yet to see this happen. Tho I have seen some slutty looking dudes who perhaps are wearing a hemp inspired cologne as they leave a restroom stall. So perhaps Amsterdam (the country) is as famous for their amazing martinis as Amsterdam (the club). Not sure. But the boys, the booze and the beat at Amsterdam (the club) are top notch in the Phoenix club scene. With a large patio, several rooms to cruise and schmooze and an ever growing mixed crowd, Amsterdam (the club...OK...I feel as though you're catching on) make for a fabulous night out.
4	Like I've said before, I'm not gay, except that one time, or, maybe there was more than that one time, but I'm defiantly not a gay man and I still love this spot.  I love the bartender, forget his name, know him if I saw him, but he recommends the best drinks when I come in always indecisive.
4	I always have fun here.I went here on new years this year and had a good time.I did see the most pathetic lesbian here. She wore her make up and dressed just ike the Shane Character in the LWord.Al I could think was, WOW what a loser.and I wish I was that skinnyDo you have no personality that you wear a costume everyday.!!So I was with my girlfriend in line and we were holding each other. She walked away for five seconds and asked my girlfriend for her number.My girlfriend totally dissed her.I walked up and you could see the fear in her eye. She just kept saying  Sorry, Sorry, Sorry.Well anyway aside from that I like this place.But dont go in the bathroom unless you have to. There are always tranny's doing coke or k in the womens bathroom.Make sure and use a tissue to lock and unlock the stall
4	I miss the days when it was JUST Amsterdam.  Since they added the dance floor part and the patio part it seems to be a "catch all" kind of place.  Consider it a bar with an identity crisis.  That said, it still is a pretty good place to drink.  You're most likely not going to meet someone here except your firends.  Most guys keep to their groups and leer and snicker at other groups.  Bartenders are pretty good and they make very good drinks.  I rated this a 4 star because it's still a fun place to go too and the tweakers stay away...for the most part.  I'd give it a 5 if they closed the dance floor and stopped calling every room a different bar name.
3	I love Amsterdam for its leather sofas, its great drinks, the beautiful men, and the tragically hip boys.  BUT I HATE STRAIGHT INVASION OF GAY SPACES!!!Amsterdam because it has great decor, good music, lovely folks attracts the ugliest straight party people...girls and boys gone wild is not at this venue!  Just because they are playing hip-hop it doesn't mean you slutty bitches have to emulate video hos!  Just dance!All ya'll owe me two rounds of drinks for ruining my buzz!!!My rec...go early and have a splendid drink and leave when the douche bags and skanks stink up the place.
4	I love going to Amsterdam to mingle with my LOVELY Gays and dance my booty off. I really like the way this place is decorated. The drinks are slightly pricey but worth it. I don't think I've had a bad pour there. I won't write too terribly much, but recommend it for anyone, Gay or Straight, who likes to dance, have some good drinks and chat up whomever admires and subsequently worships your large boobs... oh wait... that was just me. Anyway, I recommend highly!
4	I've been to Amsterdam quite a few times, and it remains one of my favorite bars in Phoenix. Get there before midnight to avoid the cover (which isn't bad, anyway). The inside is elegant in an over the top way (come on, the homoerotic statues-in-handcuffs on the bar top are just lovely!) and the patio outside is comfortable, although the flow of the place is a bit awkward. The drinks are good, albeit a bit inconsistent. For example, I ordered a gin and tonic, got a nice stiff glass, came back for another, and got a dixie cup with too much ice. Their famous martinis are great, but to me seem to be more of a novelty than a real drink (Fruit Stripe Gum, anyone?) There's a bit of diva attitude floating around, but as it should be for any yuppie gay space. Amsterdam is the perfect place to go with a group of friends for cocktails, and it seems as though that's the majority of the crowd here. Not much of a meat market vibe going on at all. I've heard some "interesting" and "terrifying" stories about the ladies' room, but all in all Amsterdam is comfortable and fun; you can dance inside (or out), mingle, and smoke and drink at the same time on the weird tiki patio. A mainstay in Phoenix for sure!
4	I ended up here one random night after several drinks and had a great time! It was a Friday night and it wasn't too crowded which was nice. There was a good vibe going on and a room with a dance floor where I did my white girl dancing (not a pretty sight haha). There is a front little patio area that wasn't too loud so it was good for socializing with the group I was with. The plentiful menu of martinis was awesome! We all tried different kinds and swapped and I was pretty impressed with what I tried. The bartenders were friendly and it wasn't too long of a wait for a drink. All in all it was a good time, I'd go back with my not so straight friends again if another random evening presents itself!
5	I am actually astounded right now because I have been to Amsterdam's at least twenty times before, but I have neglected to review.First, let me start by saying that I have not been here for a few years and am completely delighted to report that this place is still as amazing as the last time I was here.I used to come for happy hour once or twice a week and made my way here on a Saturday a time or two. I always have a great time, the drinks are always amazing, the crowd is always fun. What more can you ask for?
4	Everyone goes, bartenders are all friendly and customers are nice!  Love the martini's too, my personal favorite it the Lychee martini.... one of the few places in town who serves them!
4	This place is great.  Decorated very nicely and classy, not your average bar.  Music is awesome and the drinks (the mojitos especially, being a rum girl) are INCREDIBLE. Pricey, but incredible.It's neat that there are three (almost four) different areas.  The main entrance has a classy roman lounge look to it with couches that look really comfy. I've never tried them because they were always full of the same people the whole night I go, but I assume they sit there because it's comfy.   In this room, they generally play top 40'ish type stuff... things to keep you up and bouncing.You can move into the second room which is a really cool dance floor. The way the mirrors are set up is cool... (gotta check the 'do you know.)  The music in this room is different than the last room, moving to dance music or dance mixes of the top 40.Then you can go out the doors in this room outside and lounge around on the sidewalk, watching traffic, drunk pedestrians (which is always entertaining) or the light rail.From the first room, there is an exit to an outside bar where the smokers go. This one plays cool music too with tvs and has more of a bar-ish feel, but is great with lots of plants and a tropical look to it.The only thing that doesn't give this place 5 stars is the price and the women's bathroom is WAY too small and it's hot in there. Appears there's no ventilation.But that's it.  Other than those, it's an awesome place.
5	I am writing this update because I learned something new and incredible: Amsterdams has a dance area.I have been coming here for about 4 years off and on, and I have always sat at the bar completely unaware that there is an awesome dance club/area attached! Hell yeah!
4	This is probably the most 'upscale' gay bar in Phoenix.  I would say it's Phoenix's version of The Abbey in L.A. (though it's still doesn't come close to The Abbey's cool factor).  They've done a great job with the outdoor patio and the booth seating.  The drinks are OK, I've had better at AZ88, but over all, it's a great bar with a fun mixed crowd.
4	Oh Amsterdam...what a short an interesting relationship we have had. I remember my first visit to you on a Sunday last summer. In search of karaoke my friend and I stumbled through your doors to a quiet room with only a few patrons. Apparently I had "tell me your life story" written all over my face and I lent my ear to a lovely gentleman who twisted my arm and took my karaoke virginity. I was somehow  tricked into a "Somewhere Out There" duet.My second visit was on New Year's with my gay bar virgin husband and the rest of my New Year's crew. This time around the whole club was opened up and alive with a variety of people.Despite your orientation, Amsterdam is the type of club that almost anyone can come and enjoy themselves. It is a great mix of people and music. The drinks are good and so is the atmosphere.
3	Love Amsterdam! Went there forever ago for fun $2 martinis and manicures on Tuesday nights. The show is awesome too, there's no way to go and not have a fun time!
4	I loved this place I saw some really pretty drinks and Guiness on tap yay! We were all wearing our tiara's of course for Allison's bday and everyone was super nice here! The barback was way HAWT anyone know if he's straight or not cuz he kept talking to us lol!?!? This has got to be my fav place down town my only gripe is the ladies bathroom could use a little more TLC the floor was pretty dirty, maybe a rug by the door!?!? I had no idea ladies shoes could attract so much dirt!! I cant wait to come back here!! Thanks for bringing us here Amanda!!
5	What's better than beautiful gay men walking around and a good night out with the girls? An extensive list of made to order martini's that are to die for.Amsterdam is great for dressing up and putting on your dancing shoes. The music is always fun, the videos are great, and the ambience is awesome. I love love this place.
4	Listen, friends. I am going to tell you the secret to having a good time at Amsterdam:Pre drink.Otherwise, the $6 for a Blue Moon on tap and the complete inability of the dj's to mix the music becomes irritating. I just want to drunkenly dance the night away and I don't want to have to stop because the dj dropped the beat! Please!Pre drink, friends. Pre drink until you can't hear the bad transitions. Pre drink until you're likely to join the boys on the dance floor doing the Single Ladies dance.  Pre drink so that you can leave your wallet at home!Pre drink and then you will have fun. Shake it to Brittany and Rhianna with the friendly homos on the dance floor. When you get tired of that, go outside and dance on the makeshift dance floor to some different kinds of tunes. When you get tired of that, sink in to a couch to people watch the diverse crowd. When you get tired of watching the gays, watch the latino kids and the goth kids walking back and forth to the clubs next door. And then, if you live near by like me, you can stumble home afterward. Anything within stumbling distance gets an extra star! Hooray!The only time I didn't have fun was on a first friday. Apparently that's when the bitches come out to play!
4	First of all.... Hi Toby! Great job on expanding your toy box ;^)Secondly, Err-time I'm back in Valley of the Sun... I hafta hit Amsterdams for a refreshing martini... I'm not overwhelmed by the choices... I just close my eyes and pin the olive to a glass.  "Oh, Sauerkraut-Martini? Oh What the Hell!"  Seconds later... "YUUUMMMAH!"If you want to sashay into an appropriately decorated bar with 'loads' of well-dressed men drinking martinis screaming "Hey Girl!" this is the place to be.
4	Hot lesbians...check.Adorable gay couples...check.Foxy ladies of ambiguous birth gender...check and check.Awkward straight guy with popped collar with wary look in eyes...check.Tight music that I'd never admit to liking outside of the club...check and balance.Yeah. I couldn't love this place more even if some random act of kindness made my heart grow three times larger. Don't let that stop you from walking up to me and giving me a sandwich and five bucks, though.
4	Marty, you'd like this spot.  This is the first "gay" bar I went to in Phoenix back in 2004 when I moved here ( Matty Yatzack took me here)..  on a Friday happy hour.  And since then have visited many other gay-happy hour spots but I have to say Amsterdam's is by far the best!  You'd like their xtra dirty martini!  Let's go, It's not far from my work.   And you don't have to be gay to enjoy this place....  It's a nice casual crowd, not stuffy at all.  And great music too!
4	Two words: Martini Mondays.Through my travels, I have found myself back at Amsterdam for their cheap martinis on Mondays. The book is immense and there is something for everyone inside. As a bar, its a little bit much. As a nightclub, it is delightful. The music has its ups and downs, but the company on the whole makes up for it. You can't beat dancing til close with some of the friendliest guys on the block. The bartenders are nice. On the whole pretentious, but this is a gay bar after all. They handle the crowd well and rarely have to wait for a drink for too long. The patio is one of my favorite parts. Its so nice to be able to head outside into a different groove for a little while. Even catching a drink out there is nice. This is not the place to come and see a friend for a chat. This is your place for dancin, drinkin, and a night on the town!
4	This is my favorite bar in Phoenix!  It is always packed on Friday & Saturdays.  They have pretty good music.  Only downside, is their drinks can be a bit pricey!
2	I will say that I do go here, though very sporadically. I gave it two stars, but it's because of my tastes, which I will explain in detail.When I do go, it's always early in the evening. I don't like going to this bar when it's crowded, as it's excessively crowded. It's worth a trip if you're into the scene or are visiting Phoenix and want to experience the scene. This is definitely one of the Valley's landmark bars. If you're going alone and don't mind spending the evening by yourself (i.e. people-watching) it really isn't that bad. If you want to mingle with people, this bar isn't a great atmosphere for that. People generally go in cliques and you'll notice that the bar is full of clique-clusters. It definitely is not one of the friendlier bars in the Valley. It also seems to have an "instant snob" effect on people. Now, for pluses... Amsterdam does have a beautiful outdoor area, which is suitable for smokers. You can not only take your drinks out there, but there is an outdoor bar at which you can get drinks. It's a nice area to have drinks in the spring, fall and early/late summer. Most of the summer it can still top 100 degrees even late at night and winter nights do get chilly. Amsterdam does have a nice interior as well. They also have an extensive, unique drink menu.Amsterdam does have a different crowd earlier in the evening than it does late nights. If I were to focus solely on the evening atmosphere and if that were my only experience, I could honestly give Amsterdam more stars. The dense crowds aside, the "pretentious" environment and "go to be seen" atmosphere make it harder to enjoy. I've largely gone to bars based on the general environment and comfort, which is why it's harder for me to make Amsterdam a focus-point on a night out. If I'm in the area and feel like a drink, and it's early in the evening, I might be more inclined to stop in.
4	One of my favorite bars downtown. I always run into friends or make new ones when I'm there. I've seen some great shows too. (I met Lady Bunny here.) The back patio is huge and is equipped with a full service bar. There are stairs that go up to a little deck that over looks the patio. Inside is comfortable, clean, friendly, nicely decorated. I wouldn't call it a video bar, but there are screens with music videos playing both inside and out back. The music is usually at an appropriate level with just the right amount of light: not too dark but not bright as the noon day sun either. I don't like going out to places to sit in the dark and scream at my friends all night. Amsterdam is not like that. Parking is pretty good, but take the light rail, it goes right by Amsterdam. Some times if there are big events going on, it can get pretty packed. Other times are a little slower. (Just like anywhere else.)
4	I love amsterdam!  Nothing is better than the Sunday night Karaoke and the $5 martinis and manicures on Mondays.  It can definately get very crowded on the weekends so be prepared to wait for a drink.  Oh and Sam Adams Cheery Wheat is on tap.
3	This place is always crowded and a meat market.  Drinks are okay.  Use the light rail to get in and out.  Overall, I've always had a decent time here, although many of the young patrons don't know how to take me in my wild costumes.  I actually spend more time at the adjacent bars than Amsterdam itself.  If you are young and hot, you'll probably like this place more.
2	I can't believe the tranny made it rain.At midnight, there is some tranny host who steps up on the bar with a stack of ones and 'makes it rain' upon dancers. The tranny was fabulous looking but watching the patrons go crazy over ones is was just as entertaining. If you get there early, you can get a drink and some dancing room.  After the rush, I barely have room to do the robot none the less drop it low. I'm sure it was a fire code violation to have that many people jammed together like that. At least it was a bunch of gay dudes- I think they were more offended by me every time my chest bunnies rubbed up on them. The music... hmmm...they played four songs that night, on repeat. Just Dance by Lady Gaga, Bad Romance by Lady Gaga, Hotel by Pitbull and Tick Tock. Its a good thing I only have about 2 cool dance moves.However, for a downtown joint-- why did I just pay $8 for a vodka tonic?! Is this Scottsdale? Bartenders were nice but the drinks could have some alcohol in them. I'm not a lush by any means but I didn't pay $8 for just ice and tonic water. I'll come back but I will b.y.o.b. and possible my own playlist.
3	"You like guys don't you?"I can't tell you how many times I heard this.  Yes, I like guys.  Sorry.  I learned that the number one pickup line in the ladies bathroom is, "I just got a new bra, do you think it makes my boobs look big?"  Or something similar.  I always assured the ladies that their bosoms were fine, but they sensed that I was a straighty and become highly disappointed.  I swear, I didn't mean for you to waste your bra pickup line on me.  Again, I'm sorry.   Anyway, this bar is rather lively on Friday nights and everyone is friendly.  The back patio was less crowded than inside and I spent most of my night there because it was easier to have a conversation.  I also spent a little time on the dance floor which was fairly deserted until about 11:30pm.  I enjoyed myself for the most part, but for some reason feel like it's just a 3.  Probably because I ended up babysitting someone I barely knew who insisted on telling everyone there that I was her best friend.  Please, if you saw me doing damage control... that girl was not my best friend, I'm just too damn nice sometimes.  Some people really shouldn't drink.
4	I guess I missed the party: came the day after Christmas and everyone else was doing something else.  Pretty sparse, but I can see how this could be a fun place on a busier night: big outdoor patios (heated even, for those chilly Phoenix winter nights), multiple secluded areas to sit or cluster, nicely done interior, on a strip in the middle of downtown with a few other big bars.  Hard going out alone in a foreign city, but it was fun to wander for a bit.   Strange how this city is so spread out, felt a little scary/deserted even just walking a couple blocks away.   There is life in the desert!
4	Loved it!  Wonderful place, love the outdoor seating.  Great drinks!!! The bartender knows how to make cocktails in perfect balance!  I went there on a Sunday night....very sleep town Phoenix is.  I am from CA our bars are full most nights.  However this did give us some personal time outside in a secluded area well heated, wonderful music and plush.  I will go again on a Fri and Sat night next time I'm in Phoenix.
4	Great place. Upscale gay bar. I usually have fun here. THe only reason I give it a 4 star is because of the prices. I guess I am paying for the atmosphere? Anyway, same drink here that would cost me $7, I can get at another gay bar for $4. Other than that, definetly a great time and sometimes that $7 is very much worth it.
3	I've been to Amsterdam many a time at the behest of a dear freind who feels the need to terrorize the muggles with his choice of wardrobe while on our way to Tranzylvania.Hell,you'd think the downtown hip and faux chic pretties that inhabit the place would be used to us by now...Anyhoo,as the final stop (for me as it was a looong day!)on The Brides of March light rail/bar crawl,the place was pretty empty when we got there.It's a beautifully appointed bar and was the perfect backdrop for all the wedding gowned revelers.The drinks are on the pricey side(a small glass of just Coke for 3 clams...Really?)and the staff aloof.They redid their outside space to accomodate a dancefloor under the stars as well as more comfy seating.So,while this is not a place I would frequent,(unless it's a Friday night,I'm with my best dance bud on the way to Tranz,and he's in the mood to scare the Vanillians)it was a pretty stop for this traveling event.
5	I'm not gay. I love Amsterdam. See what I did there?The ambience and staff at Amsterdam are pretentious-less and anxiety-inhibiting. The drinks are well-mixed and appropriately priced. The bar itself is inspiring and the seating, comfortable.
4	Caveat: You totally gotta be in the mood for this place, and by in the mood I mean ready to fight the crowds, scream your conversations, and miss three-quarters of what your friend just said. However, the always-entertaining people watching, endless foo-foo drink menu, and give-a-shit atmosphere helps counteract that. Eye candy for everyone, really, and I love watching the outfits and makeup people pull off.I think the staff is pretty friendly, and I'm so not a 21-year-old, totally built gay dude. We went there during Pride, and there was a $3 Smirnoff special going on. So I screamed my order to one of the cute bartenders who somehow misheard it and made two vodka-crans instead of one. No problem for me, as it actually would save me another trip to the bar, but the little cutie was actually embarrassed and wouldn't let me pay for both... and when I tried to leave him a fat tip he actually tossed it back at me. The gross overconsumption of vodka led to the place of no return, the dance floor, where I embarrassed myself thoroughly with my shiteous white girl dancing. At Amsterdam, though, nobody gives a shit. That's pretty cool. The uber-techno remixes of Ke$ha songs I've never heard do get old, but hell, it's part of the scene. So, in summary, a super fun place to hit up when you're in the mood to  hang out, get shitty, and let your freak flag fly without people giving you the snotty up-and-down look. Hell, we even ended up dancing here one night when we'd gone out right after work, and no one looked twice at a bunch of losers in scrubs. Nowhere else do you get that! Love.
3	Nice space.  Friendly staff.  Good mix of all different types of crowd so great for people watching.  But the music on a recent Saturday night was all over the place.Will want to check it out again on a different night.
5	I'm new to Phoenix from San Francisco, so perhaps it's no surprise that it took a bumping gay bar to make me feel like I might actually be able to make it work in this town.  But this place is awesome.  Super diverse crowd, all your fav pop and hip hop hits to keep the crowd moving, and reasonably priced drinks.   We got there early and were able to relax on the comfy outdoor leather couches before it got too crazy.  But the best part was that even after it was packed, we were able to sneak upstairs to this extra bar that had more of a quiet, speakeasy feel, with plenty of space to sit and chill (and a group of slightly older dudes who looked like they got lost en route from the golf course to the sports bar - seriously, diverse crowd).One point Phoenix.  Yay.
3	Amsterdam is one of those gay bars where you need to be in the mood to go there. My experiences at Amsterdam have been a hit or miss and go as far back as my first time in 2006 during the midst of light rail construction to now in the post light rail glory. The one thing I have to give Amsterdam props is the determination and innovation to make itself a gay bar destination. I have seen it expands its area from the bar area itself, to the creation of a larger outside patio, and the expansion of the area next door so there are two rooms, one for techno/dance music and the main bar area for hip-hop/top-40. Unlike other gay bars, the owners of this establishment have ensured that it is the "classiest" of gay bars in the area, it has a scottsdale vibe, with its martinis and scottsdale drink prices. Yes, you do meet a pretentious, and cliquey crowd but that's typical of the Phoenix scene. I do like the wide selection of martinis of which Amsterdam has developed a niche in. First Fridays brings a mixed crowd, Saturdays is a more gay crowd. and Thursdays they have a drag show. I think it's becoming a common trend since they also play music videos alongside their mixes. good music and they usually have a dj playing outside on the patio as well as inside. No covers most weekends so that's a plus. It's a good fit to the Phoenix gay scene... I sometimes liken it to Phoenix's own Abbey but like a quarter size of it minus the brunch/lunch and dinner scene which would be so awesome if we had such a place but still a place to visit as long as you're in the mood to have fun and dance.
5	Time and time again I enjoy my visits to Amsterdam!  The trendy hot spot is fun place to start or end a night out in the town.  What keeps me returning to Amsterdam is the JoJo.  Her friendly smile greets you as you come and her fab customer service is much appreciated.  I've been there both on Fridays and Saturdays, despite the hustle and bustle  of all the patrons JoJo makes it a point to connect with each patron and makse them feel welcomed.  Thank you JoJo for your charm and cute smile!
4	After Margaret Cho, me and my crew went over to Amsterdam, and it being my first time, I was super excited because I had heard a lot about it.We got there around 10pm and it wasn't super packed, which was nice since I got to use the ladies' room and we got our drinks rather quickly. The place is HUGE and there's a lot of room for dancing and lounging and socializing. Slowly but surely people started filling in, and we met a super nice Drag Queen Kiki and so we stayed to watch her thing at midnight. Drinks were generous, the people were nice, and I will definitely return.
4	When it comes to drinks and dancing, Amsterdam can't be beat.  Though this is only true on Fridays.  It's dead every other evening save Thursday and Saturday.  Thursday is the drag show, but is always a mixed bag.  Kiki Vermont is always fabulous, but her fellow performers sometimes are fierce hot mamas and sometimes are those chubby creatures who look exactly like a man dressed like a woman.  The crowd on Thursday can be a little straight, almost always at least 25% lesbian and usually only 10% cute.  Friday is much better.  I'd say its closer to 50% cute and 10% lesbian.  The music is better in the main room then the exclusive dance floor section.  When its crowded you may wait some for a drink, but there are several bars to choose from.  Jojo is the best bartender there and everybody knows it, so come earlier to get a drink from her.  Saturday is when most of the attractive men have gone to BS West, Charlie's or are busy elsewhere.  The crowd is sparser and filled with an assortment of odd folks.  You never know what you might find.
4	I didn't really notice the attitude everyone else is posting about. People were generally nice. I danced obnoxiously with my crew, and some drunk girl tried to kiss me on the lips.. then she collapsed in a drunken fit. I had a good time here, and would visit again. Parking was easy to find upon arrival, but taxis and cop cars blocked our way when trying to leave. Give it a try, but prepare yourself for some queer guy drama..I saw a couple lil scuffles-
1	This place smelled like a urinal! The service was unwelcoming and unfriendly. There are no longer $5 martini's or $5 manicures on Monday. If it wasn't  the horrible over priced pineapple wine, or the unprofessional staff that pushed me out the door before getting a 3rd sip in, it was definitely the horrible stench! The outside of the bathroom smelt worse then the inside of the bathroom. WTF? They should allow smokers to puff inside to kill that smell! Don't waste your time here. It's over priced cocktails with sad service.  I wish some one would have warned me.
4	Me and my best friend wanted to check this place out. We both enjoyed it. Here are my pros and cons:Pros:- There is ample parking across the street and the lightrail stops right by the bar so its very easily accesible.- The drinks are decently priced. I mostly had beer and they were all about $4 each. Bartenders were friendly, cute, and fast.- The music was good. I wanted to dance my little butt off.- The drag queens were fabulous.- No cover.Cons:- We went on a Saturday night and the place was dead. I really wanted to dance but there was no one in the other rooms getting their groove on. I was disappointed.- Its mostly men. There were a few lesbian couples there but its mostly gay men. (This could be a pro, depending on how I'm feeling.)I look forward to going back on a busier night. From what I have heard, Fridays are the day to go so we will be checking it out another Friday.
1	I used to love this place! With that being said, so many changes have occurred there that make this place completely undesirable to me.  I thought this was supposed to be a gay bar. Now I only know of one staff member that is, in fact, gay. Is the management attempting to phase out the gay staff? No accusations here, but I do find it odd that the familiar gay faces are disappearing. I enjoyed stopping in, being greeted by staff with smiles; staff that could make a great drink, and fast! The statement that Jason B. makes, writing that Amsterdam has "the determination and innovation to make itself a gay bar destination" is not necessarily true anymore. It seems we can no longer refer to Amsterdam as "gay" but must downgrade it to "gay friendly". The space has undergone some updates over the past year and is absolutely beautiful, but what has happened to the clientele? I mean in regard to the violent and angry attitudes leading to the increasing occurrence of fights and one outright brawl a couple weekends ago. Most sincere thanks to the staff for doing something to attempt to stop the fight!  Where was security?Sorry all, but this familiar face won't be coming by anymore. When I go out I want drinks, hanging out with friends, meeting new friendly people, and maybe some dancing, not a Vegas boxing match!
4	Great music, right on the light rail, many cute boys (and some girls).  Bartenders are fabulous but a little uptight.  Drinks are decent.  Especially fun if there is an event in town!
1	I used to like Amsterdam's when I was younger. There was usually a fun crowd, decent music and I would recommend it to my girlfriends as a great place to get our dance on during the weekends. The drinks were decently priced and poured,  and more often than not the bartenders were friendly. Most of that seemed to have changed. I went in there for St. Patrick's day to meet some friends. The place was DEAD, there were about 8 of us in there until well after 10 and the music was awful. The real kicker though? I ordered a club soda which they used a single (low ball, small glass) to squirt some fountain club soda in to and then charged me 3 bucks. I've never in my life been charged for club soda that comes out of a fountain. When I asked about it the bartender was pretty rude. And he really bad hair, like he had stuck his finger in a light socket.  Maybe they think they are in Snottsdale now? Maybe being decent to your customers is going out of style.. Whatever it is they won't be getting any more of my business.
3	I have only been here 2 times (once on a random Friday and another on the Friday of a the big Pride weekend) and each time has been packed.  So packed it is hot and steamy inside.  For some of you that may be your thing.  ;)The lines at the bar are long but the pours are usually quality.  My favorite part about this bar is the music and the patio out back.  It is a great place when the weather is just right to hang out and people watch.  It directly connects to the Palazzo which is nice to switch up the change of pace, musically speaking.
4	One of the owners of the agency I work for came in from Tampa this past week, and wanted to check out the night life and the men.  So I had heard this was the place to be.-Lots of parking and you can always take the light rail-There are actually 4 clubs in that area, including Downtown and a Latino/Salsa club, so if you are not into men checking out men, you can go to the other clubs. But do have to say, the bartenders are hot! -The music was good.-No cover, which means more money for drinks!-PACKED by 11pm-One restroom with really long lines, it's kinda worth it to pay cover for the Latino club, so I can use the restroom!-Really mixed crowd of young, old, gay/lesbian, straight and some out of towners who were having a great time.All in all, we had a good time there.
4	fun
1	Poor security overpriced drinks my friend was robbed here and seen the girl do it and told security and the bartender and they didn't do anything about it
5	Amsterdam is a great bar in Phoenix.  And it's all because of the person working upstairs.  Yes, there is a "VIP" (anyone can go up there) room up those stairs in the back that lead to an intimate, nicely decorated room with leather couches on both sides of the long narrow room.  In the lighted glass cases along the wall, you will see some very, very expensive bottles of liquor.  One case has brandy.  The other has tequila.  The other has scotch and so on and so on.  Not only is it good liquor (I'm sure it is even though I haven't tried it), but it's very decorative.  The official name of the upstairs place is called "Rare" but I don't think I've heard anyone refer to it, except the person who works there.  At one end of the room, at the top of the indoor circular stairs (please don't use them - they are wobbly and you'll probably break them - it's roped off anyway), you can look over the main bar area and most of the main room.  At the other end of the narrow room upstairs is a very well appointed bar.  The person serving said bar is Nicholas.  I hate to even call him a bartender as that wouldn't even begin to describe what he does.  Nicholas is a host.  In the grandest and best tradition of the word.  He is extremely personable.  Sees to your needs on a constant basis, usually wants to know your name and people that have been past customers of his, and he remembers them, get a warm hug.  Actually, he'd probably give you a hug if you're a first timer, too.  If he likes you.  Now, on to the drinks.  First off, don't ask for beer.  Nicholas doesn't do beer.  If you want beer, that's downstairs.  Second, Nicholas just doesn't make you a drink.  I mean, he does.  But he wants to know if it's really good.  If it has enough booze in it.  If it tastes good.  He's very concerned if you like what he's serving.  Only then, when your drink has met with your approval, do you pay for your drink.  I've seen him re-do drinks 3 or 4 times again until it satisfies the customer.  And, yes, the rumor that the drinks are $12 is true.  BUT......the service you're getting is part of the higher price, as far as I'm concerned.  And where in all of Phoenix can you get absinthe?  That's right.......absinthe.  Nicholas will explain the entire process to you while he's setting up the decanter of ice water and placing the sugar cube on the silver filter-thingy (I don't know what it's called) over the glass with the absinthe in it.  I've had it.  All I can say is, if you like black licorice, this is for you!I moved to Chicago in April 2011 and Amsterdam and Nicholas are definitely something I miss about Phoenix.
2	This place used to be much more classy and tons more fun. Will try again maybe on another night.
3	It's always hard to magnanimously write a review for a business when you are not it's target audience; and much like a 48 year old construction worker reviewing "My Sister's Closet", a 300 lb Sun Devil's line backer reviewing "Green", or a elderly Mexican grandmother reviewing "The Rogue" my impressions of Amsterdam are obviously going to be a little skewed toward my bias.However I will go ahead and say this, Amsterdam is a great social experiment. As if the people watching here wasnt enough, the sheer melting pot that is this club is remarkable. I've only been twice but each time the cast of colorful characters carousing their night away is ripe territory for a budding writer in search of amusement or inspiration. My first time I came here to meet up with an old group of friends, the minute I walked in the doors I saw nearly every character from Lou Reed's apochryphal and timeless song; a powerfully built tranny that towered above me in stature with a pink slip and heels on, a loud and foul mouthed Filipino diva m.c. in drag, crowds of cute women out for a "girl's night out", buff dudes in t-shirts 2 sizes too small, a few burly ladies in cropped hair here and there, sad old lonely chicken hawks in salt n' pepper mustaches reeking of desperation, and then of course me and the other awkward straight guys not really sure why we're there. Each time I've been it's been packed, the music has blared and the drinks were stiff.Last Saturday was my second time here and it was...an interesting night to say the least! After hitting up the lost leaf and film bar, a group that consisted of one of my oldest and best Tempe friend's, my ex girlfriend and her room mate, a random girl my buddy had snagged from some hipster at FilmBar, and two lively dudes we met dancing their night away  at Amsterdam. we sat on the back porch shouting over one another and puffing away at cigarettes until near last call.Amsterdam is a solid option, and always a funny story the next day, I give a very solid 3 stars.
4	This place sure is fun on a Saturday night! No cover, stiff drinks, and kick ass music. The main room is dance music with the next room playing hip-hop. My girls and I danced our asses off last Saturday and by midnight, this place was packed. On Thursday nights, that have a drag show but shortly after, it dies out flat. Such a shame because it would be great to continue the party there on a Thursday night. But, that's okay, I still love getting my dance at this spot! You see people of all types here which is great. Everyone is there just to have a good time...
5	This place is so hot! Gay - Straight - man - woman - whatever! Dj /Music is always playing what you want to hear and mixes..I hope only happy and friendly people keep going here- its so nice to go to a Martini Bar without the stuck up a-holes crowding the place :)
2	This long surviving gay bar has managed to position itself deeply and securely up its own a**. The gay men here are so busy being more pleased with themselves than what they see that they barely notice that their upscale club is being taken over by straight couples.Don't come here to meet people. Pregame, arrive with friends via LightRail and dance, dance! That's the only way to do it. If you must, gawk at (don't pursue) any eye candy that happens to be there. Follow these instructions and you'll have a good time, otherwise all bets are off.
1	They didn't accept my vertical driver's license even though it is still legal, I use it everywhere in NYC, and I'm 29. Fuck them and their straight bartenders. Won't be going back.
4	Let me just say this...when you barely remember walking into a place & you certainly don't remember leaving that place it's a pretty good night.  I'll update this review when I remember more about Amsterdam, but quite honestly, if I don't remember all that much the next time I'm here I'll just stick w/the 4 stars.
4	They have some great specials.  Monday nights mani's and martinis, their fabulous drag show on Tuesdays I believe, and a bottle of wine and pizza for $20.Their drink menu is.... extensive.  I don't know how to order because it is just too much information, so I give myself over to the mercy of the bartender and what I get is delicious every time, thanks Anthony.
4	I came back here from a long hiatus (not that I was after a regular but after an unfortunate incident in which an intoxicated associate got us kicked out of the bar, we'd been reluctant to show our faces). That being said, I really could take it or leave it because my other experiences here have been fun but nothing to write home about (except the night that we got kicked out).However I stopped in last Saturday (admittedly we were already happily buzzed) and I had a great time. Good music and the crowd in particular was fun and not too pretentious so I had a blast. Of course there's a good chance that I was probably more than happily buzzed and was too intoxicated to give two craps about the crowd one way or the other.Jacob P. gives some good advice on how to have a good time. My other suggestion is to come here after you've already gotten shitfaced at another bar (or three) and wrap up here. It worked for me.
4	Went in the early afternoon so not sure how it is at night but I liked the decor. Bartender seemed put off when we came in around 4pm but had a beer, enjoyed the misters outside and left. When I am back in Phoenix I'll make my best gay there take me there for sure.
5	Great food & entertainment.  Fabulous Drag  shows with.Kiki Vermont Andrews.  Mondays $5 Martins and Manicures and Pizzas
1	$7 draft Beer, no Thanks . the Bar Tenders here are Rude,stuck ups, they think they are better that the Costumers.  they forgot they are Just Waiters.  this is not West Hollywood ,  drop the attitude and give some smile . you will never see a Penny from my Fabulous Wallet .
2	Meh.  We come here every year for our Brides of March pub crawl.  In general, it's a nice bar with a great patio and a fun cocktail menu.  This year, they screwed the pooch.  They were supposed to have food available and did not.  My friend was purchasing drinks for the table.  Unsure of what I wanted, I flipped through the handy dandy cocktail list.  There was a page for Grey Goose cocktails, one of which was a Grey Goose Orange.  It sounded yummy so I asked her to get me that.  The bartender apparently had no idea what it was so I got Greg Goose and Orange juice.  If you're going to push top shelf liquors with ads ON THE TABLES, maybe you should have a look at the drink suggestions.  I also wonder if they had a run on glasses because there was a guy hovering over our table just waiting to whisk our glasses away.  Buzz off, dude.  My vodka/orange juice flavored ice cubes were tastier than my actual drink.
2	I went here simply to ck out the place. I have a hipster bar in one of my bldgs in bklyn. In NYC we tend to be a bit more assimilated(hets & mo's) so it took me aback reading some of the ageist and self absorbed reviews. We do have the like in NYC but it just makes me sorta laugh since I like to think we're trying to clamber for equality. Sorry, I got preachy, so it's okay! Overwhelming amt of hets as described in several reviews, Ed Hardys notwithstanding. Much attitude and from the bartenders too! Decent music for the most part. It's just hard because It brings back the memories why I hated the "gay scene" so much in the southwest and therefore fled to NYC. Live here for the most part now but glad to say I've outgrown bars .
4	Out after a Friday baseball game with another couple, we were loaded up quite well and the ladies decided Amsterdam was the logical place to go. Of course -- Cooperstown, Dbacks, Amsterdam! Being in my fan gear (Sedona Red jersey and slip ons), I was somewhat hesitant about not being 'hip' to their 'vibe' at Amerstam. Then Jenny reminded me that Charlies had charged her a cover but let me in for free, so I was sold.We arrived about 9pm and the doorman was very friendly, asking about the game and checking our IDs. We spent most of our visit on the spacious patio having drinks until hitting the dance floor and leaving. As others have mentioned, they seem to not stock some typical ingredients (we had a round of white russians with soy milk) but, as an adult, I'd use this as an opportunity to try a different take on a favorite or something new altogether (we had absinthe -- it was gross and I felt like crap the next day).
5	i love this place everyone is fun and friendly With Bryce and coco
5	New Latino Fridays are a nice change to the LGBT nightlife!  Although, you don't need to be gay to have a great night!  Great martinis and creative bartenders that know their stuff!  Taco Stand on the patio and Hip Hop in the Miami Room.  Plenty of areas to walk around and very versatile place!  Nicest in Phoenix!
4	I always have fun when I go here.  The staff is always very nice and the club is really well kept.  Everyone is there to have fun.  The music if pumping and I love getting on the dance floor.  It's mostly known as a gay bar, but all sorts of people go here.  The only negative thing I would say is that the DJs switch songs a lot.  You may get one verse and a chorus and then it's on to the next song.  It can sometimes get a little annoying.  The outside has lots of places to sit down and relax in between your excursions to the dance floor.
