5	I can't believe no one has reviewed this gym yet! It's one of the bigger CF boxes (Crossfit slang for gym ;) I've seen, very established, with loads of members. I attended a Certification here last weekend and was blown away by the staff here. Coach Andy and his wife Dina are exceptional trainers...and also the nicest folks you'll ever meet! The whole vibe of this place seemed like family - in fact their son works out here too. I saw several sessions going on and everyone seemed to be getting after it and having fun. What a fun place to workout. This gym impressed me with it's size and amount of equipment. There is an additional outdoor area (the parking lot, ha) they utilize creatively, for running, tire flips, "sled" drags, etc. They also have a set of pull up bars out there and when I had to sneak outside for a phone call I also saw a large climbing net hidden away in the trees. In the event I find myself back in Charlotte, I won't hesitate to drop by again!
5	Coach A has outdone himself with the new place.   The listed address is now correct.  If you want to get fit, this is the place to do it.  Coach A, and all the other coach's are there to help you and get you in shape. The range of people that go here  is crazy, so no one ever feels out of place.  The work outs are always fresh, and always hard, but you can adjust them to what you can physically do.   If your looking to go to a place, so you can say I went to the gym, this is probably not what you are looking for. However, if your looking for a place that you will know you worked out at, you should drop in.   There are no real secrets to seeing results, they start with hard work.  CFC will give you plenty of that.  So if your serious about getting in shape, this is where you want to do it.
5	I've recently moved and have been trying to find a new crossfit.  Seattle have has lots of crossfit and I've tried most of them, none are as good as the gym Coach A is running.  I dont miss charlotte, but I sure miss crossfit charlotte.
5	Before joining CFC, I spent months and months of working out with a personal trainer, dieting and seeing little results, I was close to giving up and accepting that this is just what my body was going to be. I joined CFC in June 2012 and that all changed.A year later, beyond the inches and pounds I've lost, I feel great and look forward to working out and spending time with the CFC family and staff. It's not easy for me and I know I have a LOT to learn but I'm looking forward to the journey!  I will be forever thankful to Andy and Dina and the rest of the members of CFC for proving so many times that I am capable of things I had no idea I could accomplish!
1	Decided to try out CrossFit Charlotte while visiting Charlotte for the weekend. We knew being visitors that we would have to pay a drop in fee and sign a waiver. We arrived 25 minutes early.  No one greeted us. No coach said hello. I give my own CrossFit Coaches credit. They go out of their way to make visitors feel welcome. These folks weren't the same friendly CrossFit family that I am used to.We have dropped in to other CrossFit gyms when traveling and everyone is always over the top nice and welcoming. The front room looks like a old dr's office. There are kids and cartoons!!? Um....ok. Don't even get me started on the smell of that front room.... Bleh. We stood around for 20 minutes and still nothing. We grabbed our waters and left. I'm sure Charlotte has better CrossFit gyms than this one. Absolutely awful.Also, they appeared not to have scaling options. So beware if you are not able to RX.
5	First off, ignore the post by Lexy S. She could not be more wrong about this place. Dina, Andy and the other coaches could not be more welcoming. I've brought some out of town family members there to work out and the coaches have all gone out of their way to make them feel at home.   I can't Rx all the workouts so scaling is certainly available. As I noted above,  throw Lexy's review in tje trash. Maybe if she went up and said "Hi" then things would have gone better. Great box, great staff, great people who go there... CFC and their sister gym uptown are what crossfit boxes should be about.
5	Lexy S, I'm sorry to hear that was your experience when this is such a great box! Every coach here teaches me something new and makes me feel welcome even though I'm a beginning and have to scale almost everything. Every coach remembered my name after my first time of working with them too, that to me says a lot.Other boxes I've been to, I've felt small and out of place against the big dogs. But I don't here. My PR's are celebrated just like everyone else's and we're cheering for the last person to finish even more than we are the first. I don't know that I've ever done anything more empowering for myself than join this particular box. That being said, the kids and the cartoons you mentioned - isn't it great that there's an environment where parents can share that empowerment with their kids and maybe instill in them an understanding and appreciation of health at such a young age?The smell? You must have walked in when a coach was using the facilities' kitchen to prepare a paleo meal. Pretty cool if you ask me and a great way to get inspired by new recipes.It's scary trying something new, even if you already Crossfit, it's scary changing boxes. I'm so glad I did though! I've seen so many powerful results in not only my body but my mind and self esteem too. I get healthier everyday and can't wait to see where I'm at in a few more months time!
5	I signed a family member up for Crossfit Charlotte for 3 months and was present during a majority of the workouts (as a spectator).  An excellent experience and value! Coach Andy is nothing short of terrific. He is highly attentive and encouraging, in a genuine and gregarious way. The whole atmosphere is quite motivating. I observed the membership of different days & times being consistently supportive of each other. The ONLY reason my family member stopped is because they moved out of state, but they still recount the experience as a turning point in their life :)
