5	my new favorite place!!!!
5	It is my new favorite place to go.
5	I got a mani and a pedi, and it was done the with critical attention to detail. There was also a gratuitous feeling when I left the place. A feeling that will make you want to comeback.Appointments recommended.
4	I have been coming to this nail salon for 4 years and am very happy with everything they do. Kevin is very fast and thorough with my nails and I've never had a better pedi anywhere than I get with Vinny.
5	Always the best quality service. I recommend the gel polish. I love all the techs that work there.
5	Excellent job on gel pink and white nails. I have nails that tend to split and break and asked what would help without doing more damage. This is what was recommended and it stayed nice and looked great. A bit more expensive than other places but friendly and great work.
5	My favorite place to get my nails done. Workers are very friendly and place is very clean. Every time I get my mani and pedi done, they take their time and give the best massage at the end. I recommend this nail shop.
5	I found this place two years ago, fell in love, and have never been anywhere else for my manicures (well, I might have cheated once or twice, but quickly learned to regret it!)  I originally had my nails done by Kenny for about a year before he left the salon.  Since then I have seen every one of the other nail techs that works there and have never had a bad manicure.  All of them do a great job, are super friendly, and Nicole always remembers everyone's name.  I was shocked the first time I came in and she greeted me by name - I hadn't even remembered telling her what my name was!One thing they do that few other salons do is something called gel sets.  It's like acrylic only they use gel, and top it off with gel schellac polish.  This is not the same as just gel polish!  It's durable like acrylic, only much gentler on your nails (just a light buffing), and lasts much, much longer.  I am very hard on my nails and they always last until it's time for the next fill.  Even longer, as sometimes I've had to go 3-4 weeks between fills and they are still going strong (grown out, of course, but not lifted or chipped!)  And they also have a huge selection of gel polish colors.The gel sets are a little pricy, but in my opinion they are worth every penny.  I think in general their prices are a tad higher than competing salons, but it is absolutely worth it for the great quality of manicures you get.
1	I have been getting my nails done for over 30 yrs and been to a lot of salons!  However,  I did not like the fill and polish and it was the male technician who did a bad job!  Won't be going there a 2nd time!  Just saying...
5	Awesome staff.  Best pedi ever.  Never miss a visit to the shop when in Mesa.  Highly recommend.
