5	Seen this a couple times, finally stopped by to try it out.. Can't miss this, Its bright yellow!! However, most spots they post up is quite covert.... Just Twitter or Facebook them, they give an approximate exact location.Lunch Box Offerings:Cheese steak with provolone cheese (ribeye and onions): I got the half order and it was a good amount. The bread was soft, meat was tender and mixed with the onions just made it outright delicious!Zesty Chicken: I asked the man in charge to pick either the zesty or the bbq.. He quickly recommended the Zesty, so I went with it. I've tried a decent amount of those sandwiches with chicken breast thats breaded, skinless, fried, grilled, baked, etc.. Not a single one ever had true flavor..??.. Until Now! This thing caught me off guard.. Flavor was all there, hint of the zesty zing marinade, nicely grilled, plus some veggies, a bit of coleslaw and a pair of quality tasting buns. A Healthy Must Have Mouth Watering Chicken Sammy!!!!! Seriously!!!!! Pulled Pork: 2 great buns and a nice dose of pulled pork placed in between. I haven't had a fair share of pulled pork but this was down right to cry for! I couldn't ask for anything more or different from the slight smokey, tangy/sweet sauce all tangled in between each thin strand of heavenly porkiness!! I wish I pulled food this good out of my school lunch box growing up! Service was Great, Man behind the counter real friendly and informative, Prices aren't bad at all and Atmosphere just like any other food truck/trailer.. I will be back for more and more!! 5 Stars with Flying Colors!!!
4	headed east during lunch on thursday this week knowing I'd probably skip lunch and since I'd already skipped b'fast and dinner the night before, I was ravenous...so I uturned when I was the yellow truck parked in front of the gun store -- and grabbed a quick lunch.  First bites:  1/2 cheesesteak with provolone because the gal taking my order said "we think we have the best cheesesteaks in Vegas" -- done...I have to say, it was delicious - but seriously greasy.  I was relieved it was just a half....She also said they made their fame on their zesty chicken so...next time, I'll give that a try - particularly since other  yelpers said it was great.
1	Went to a the Harvest Festival today and the food court this year was all food trucks! great idea, they covered everything from Asian to American BBQ and then the "Yellow Lunch Box " all the venders there were happy and had great service plus you could see that they were passionate  about what they did but for some reason the Yellow Lunch Box was in a funk . The Yellow lunch Box trailer  had a three man crew in the galley, two working the grill and one  (who I think was the owner) expediting pure confusion and chaos and thats putting it mildly. There was a very friendly  women outside taking orders but the main guy's attitude in the truck  was so crapy that  he came across as a real DB to all of us on the outside. I put in an order a few simple items such a chicken caesar wrap -no croutons- and two grilled cheeses with fries. not only did it take 20 minutes to get the first grilled cheese in the window, I then had to  wait another 10 more minutes to get the rest of my order. The 2nd grilled cheese was burnt "BLACK" and when i questioned one of the guys about it he said  "yeah it's grilled so", I then explained to him that a grilled cheese should be toasted brown not "Burnt Black" he look at me for a second and with a huff  said it will be a few minutes. I went to pick up a few drinks a returned ten minutes later and my new grilled cheese was in the window.I  then returned to my table, all the food was now room temp by now but no big deal cause one  has to expect this at a street fair, right?  I then bite into my wrap only to chomp down on a crouton, a bit pissed off but still trying to make a good time of the night i dismissed the crouton issue by just pulling them out of the wrap. I then looked at my 5 year old daughter and ask her why she wasn't eating her grilled cheese sandwich which is her "favorite food on the planet" . she then told me she doesn't like it because the bread is black, after I looked at her sandwich i noticed that all they did was just flip the sandwich over to the lighter side, a real DB move if you ask me. No consideration for the customer. I have been working in the F&B industry for the past 26 years, all of which i worked in a kitchen and I have to say these people had no passion for what they do. All they wanted was the next person in line and the next dollar from there pockets. After dealing with the Bull from the Yellow Lunch Box tonight I will Never go to them again, as well as tell everyone i can to avoid them!!!!
4	Tried the Chili in a sourdough bread bowl. Very good balance of flavors, well cooked, and worked in the bread bowl. In fact, it really tasted home made. I am very critical of chili, and they did a great job with it.
2	The Yellow Lunchbox is exactly that. Its a yellow box on wheels--not sure if this still classifies as a food "truck" but essentially the concept is the same.THE FOOD: I think the menu here is always changing. I was at the December Vegas StrEats and from what I recall, there were Cheesesteaks on the menu and several varieties of "Loaded Fries" Between Chorizo & Pulled Pork Loaded Fries I went with the latter. The fries were crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. Piled on top was a heaping portion of pulled pork and a generous slathering of homemade BBQ sauce. A friend of mine ordered a Pulled Pork Sandwich. Pork & Sauce in-between two soft buns. And tasty buns might I add, not those cheap-y grocery store ones.PRICE: $7 for each. Can't remember the other price-points.FLAVOR: Average but I enjoyed it. It was a lot of pork & starch. Maybe I'm a veggie-snob but a little garnish of scallion or something would've cut the fat content and added a little extra flavor. The palette needs a little variety dont ya think? The pork was savory and had a good texture. The sauce a bit on the tangy side. I just needed some veggies in my life.PORTIONS: HUGE. The sandwich a single-person could finish. But the Loaded Fries should be shared between 2 people.... or 1 large person with a big appetite. You Want Sample? Follow them on twitter @yellowlunchbx to see where they're at!
5	Ate from this truck at the last Vegas Streats.I really enjoyed them because they're definitely east coast, like me. They served me up one of my favorite foods ever- RANCH FRIES! They were regular french fries covered in bacon and cheese, topped with ranch dressing. And they were out of this world.I haven't tried any of their sandwiches, but I loved the fries. I hope to eat from their truck again!
