5	I don't know what it is about Montreal gyms, but I'm pretty sure every new one popping up is just amazing.  Seriously, why can't we get these in Ontario?Allez Up has recently been renovated and has completely new facility.  It's kinda hard to find at the moment because there're still renovating slightly, but look for the giant concrete silos.  After signing in at the "silo", you'll enter into one of the brightest and biggest gyms you'll probably ever see; the gym is just massive.  All the routes are colour coded by holds so it's nice not to have a million pieces of tape everywhere.  You'll notice a giant caveish bouldering wall to the left side and then really high walls (it looked like they were 70-80ft). The walls are walltopia walls and they are all flat paneled pieces (at least all that I saw).  This makes it a bit more flexible for setters to put whatever they want on the walls without worry of the holds not "sitting right".  I'm not sure how often they change up their routes and problems so i'm not really going to comment on that.There's actually a whole other area upstairs right when you enter, so that really goes to show how big this place actually is.  There's just about a rope hanging every 6-8 feet so there are plenty of things to climb even on a crowded day.The only thing I hate about this gym is that it's not near me. =(
5	Big bright beeeeautiful gym for those who love to climb. The space is walking distance from both orange and green lines but not particularly close to either. I went with my sisters, we had all climbed before but we took the 3 hr class together anyway to make sure we were comfortable with the knots and belaying. The class is available by reservation in French or English and the cost (~60$) includes your gear and a day pass for any day in the next two weeks you can come back, do your accreditation, and climb yer wee heart out. The teacher we had was clear, mellow and definitely made us feel safe and excited about climbing. The gym itself is beautiful 30 foot walls in some sections, 50 feet in others, a great bouldering section, clean, bright and with tons of colour-coded paths switched up every couple of months to keep you guessing. Above all, the vibe is kind, intense, non-gym-macho-competitve... ie; lots of cool women and men just climbing high and doing their thing. Yep that's a wholehearted 5 stars and very happy to be climbing again!
4	My 4-star rating should say "I'd be a fan" if I were more into climbing. Bright facility with clean- and new-looking equipment and walls leave a very positive impression. Our instructor did a good job with us during our hour lesson and it was a good experience. My only problem was with too much (in my opinion) unnecessary personal information collected on the waiver. Also, the electronic version says that I can sign a paper copy if I preferred, but when I asked for one, I was told that it wasn't available. It was a bad start to the experience for me.Thankfully, the actual climbing was much, much better. If you like this stuff, you'll probably enjoy Allez-up.As locations go, it's fine, but I can imagine that many of their clients are public transport-ers, and they could be closer to a metro station. Still, not horrible.
5	Allez up is a fantastic climbing and bouldering gym for all levels of climbers. They have tons of climbs and you can basically lead climb any wall as well. It gets pretty busy in the evenings through the week but Friday night is a good time to go! Also, day passes are cheapest before 2pm and after 9pm so I recommend a morning session if you can work it! The gym itself is almost brand new and the staff are super awesome and the music is eclectic and fun. A great way to de-stress the week away!
5	This venue is amazing - the staff are really helpful and friendly, and I've never seen walls that high at an indoor climbing facility before. There's also a lot of climbs to choose from (even if you can do lead climbing), and they change every two weeks or so.There's also some good bouldering to be done, and they get changed regularly.You have to do a course to learn to belay if you want to go on your own (after you've been 10 times, you're allowed to bring guests who haven't done the course - just one of you needs to be certified).
5	Excellent, well thought out rock gym. The route setters are dilligent and change routes/problems often. Always a new problem to work on. Employees are very professional. Some climbers complain that they are too strict in their belay/lead technique tests, but I'd rather have that than the alternative. They have routes and boulder problems of all grades, so everyone can find a project. Walls are tall. This is the best rock gym I have been too.I recommend going early AM to avoid the crowds. Once I went on a weekday at around 5pm. Was a total zoo.
4	Beautiful gym, very well thought out, lots of options for the seasoned climber, though the grading seems harder than what I've been used to out west. I'm going to assume that Montrealers are simply just more hard core... which means my new climbing goal is to become just as hard core now that I'm a local! The facilities are modern and spacious, some really lovely design work.  The walls are high, lots of routes and difficulty levels (ever changing as well), there are 2 bouldering areas, traverse walls, lead climbing and different training areas. Even yoga and other classes available, free of charge, for members.A nice walk from the metro, old port, or anywhere else for that matter (if you like walking) or there are bike paths nearby and a bixi station. Staff are super pleasant and knowledgable too.
3	I've been to eight different gyms in North America, and I have to say this is my least favorite.There are some good things.  The staff is pretty nice, and the gym is huge.  Also, it looks beautiful, in fact I think the gym goes for form over function.  Lot of the routes/problems use one type or color of holds.  Charging a certification for belay is pointless and really devalues this gym for a one time use.  I can demonstrate my knowledge in a few minutes.  I've also never seen a gym with so many gri-gris in use.There are a lot of routes, and a lot more lead climbing than I've seen elsewhere. There were a lot of people lead climbing over average skill; this gym has the lowest rated lead climbs I've ever seen.Bouldering in the silo is a mess.  There are about 984 holds and....7 problems.  Its confusing and disorganized.  Because there are 3 bouldering areas, there seem to be enough problems to get in a good session, no matter your skill level, but everything could be better utilized. Prices are pretty normal for gyms of this size.  Overall, it's decent but has room for improvement as well.Lastly, some of the dirtiest, most grimy, greasy holds.  Not all of them, but some were fearful even to touch.
5	Woot! fun time at the rock gym! everything is color coded making it easy to track your routes. Plenty of bouldering walls, one of them is actually located in the old silo! Fun! The staff is very friendly and helpful! They even have self belaying machines setup. The weight and yoga room needs more love. A loading rack, something to rack some weights for squats, etc. But that does not effect my rating as a climbing facility. They are lacking a towel service. And this is a must! I understand you may not want to included this to save costs, but perhaps, just an extra $2 to rent a towel for the showers would be nice.
5	I love this place! They have three bouldering caves and enough wall space to accommodate beginners and expert climbers together without having it feel too cramped. The staff are friendly and approachable in either language and add to the good ambiance of the place.  Excellent route setting keeps you challenged and never bored.
