5	You won't be disappointed, you'll have nothing to complain about from the staff, venue, wine options (recommendations) or menu! I'd recommend this for smaller intimate groups (up to 12) or a date night w a friend or loved one. Sure to please- even the toughest critics!
4	Visited here for the first time......very handy to get to from Galt.Lovely interior different menu and varied .Pleasant welcome on arriving.....was given a small glass of water and asked if we wanted wine ....we declined as it was a working day....don't think the lady was too happy at that.We ordered the steak sandwich and had to get her attention to ask if we could get it rare as we weren't given the choice.So about 25 minutes later it arrived....was cooked to perfection....rare! But it was full of grizzle and we had to pull at it to eat it..the salad was very good.Would I go back...maybe.... we were asked if it was ok....we didn't have time to complain....would choose something else.
3	When we came in it was rather quiet with a few guests. This restaurant is tucked in on the bend of Blair Road. Saw the sign as I was driving into Kitchener, and thought I'd stop off at this place on my way back. Rob the sommelier invited us in to take a tour of the establishment. It was quite nice to see the mezzanine overlooking the rest of the downstairs restaurant.The food is pretty good and comparable to the many chain establishments. I only had a couple of the appetizers such as the romaine salad and their potato dish which were quite yummy. I would have liked to see the server refill the water glass, but that is okay. As we were eating, the place began to get quite busy with other patrons enjoying food in this fine establishment. The Riesling wine suggested was very good and complimented the potatoes.
5	Amazing little wine bar that you've gotta check out. The sommelier here is great and the house is historic and has a warm feeling to it. The food is delicious and my favourite part is the wine list with the passionate wine manager. We reserved the private back room which is very intimate and had a delicious meal. Go and check them out!
