5	Totally agree with Julia T's review.  Over the past dozen years I have purchased six mountain and cruiser style bikes from either Bob or Dale.  Every transaction was a pleasure plus followup tune-ups and fixing flat tires due to AZ pesky thorns.  Good conversation has been a big plus in my numerous return visits.My last purchase was nearly three years ago but with winter biking season approaching I noticed my hand pump was leaking.  I couldn't pump the tires to more than 40# and either needed a pump repair or new pump.  Dale showed me a newer style pump that would hold the pressure.  The silver pump was a fair price so I asked about the bigger gold pump.  Dale said it was more expensive but not any better so I bought the silver pump.  I also asked if there were any new improvements in bikes since my purchase.  Dale knew my model and said not really.  I liked the fact that I didn't feel pressured to overspend and will definitely return in the future.  I gave Dale my old pump for him to fix or give away to someone who needed it more than me.
5	I needed help with a very sad and depressed bike and Bob's was close and convenient for me. Dale was very professional, honest, and helped me make good- and economical- choices for how to heal my struggling wheels. I'm not a bike guru by any means, so it was nice to have someone explain the basics to me and be so patient. He got the work done quicker than I had anticipated and there were no sneaky surprises in terms of price or work done. If I have any other issues with my now revived and happy bike, I know I'll be headed back to Bob's!
5	Came here as it's super close and convenient. Dale is the one doing the work and I guess Bob is the owner. I was very pleasantly surprised by not only how kind and helpful Dale was in fixing my bike but also that he basically allowed me to bring all the parts I had bought at a bigger (probably cheaper big box) store and do the installation and repairs for me. My mountain bike tires were no longer pumping up and he also was kind enough to install a new seat and switch the battery on my little bike computer. I'm nothing close to a handyman but the price astonished me. I almost felt bad which is rare. Definitely worth the drive if you're in South Scottsdale/Tempe and will always be returning here for further service.
5	Bob's Takes you Back to the Place where LIFE was GOOD.  Impecable Service at an HONEST Price.  Most places today will charge $50.00 just to roll your bike in and not even talk to you.  These guys care about their craft and love talking bikes.  I will drive 33 miles just to have my bikes worked on, They do it right and it gives me a good feeling leaving because they are good people!!In todays world it how much can I gouge and turn & burn the customers. Visit Bob's and you will have a great feeling, because that does not happen there!DALE You ARE ZEN
5	A few weeks ago I decided that since I live and work off the greenbelt in Scottsdale that I should ride my bike to work a few days a week. The hubs & I scoured the Valley for an affordable bike, but had a hard time finding anything outside of Target/Walmart that was under $500. For someone who had an idea to start something new, with no idea if I'd stick with it, $500 was quite an investment. So we finally decided to pick up a $200 bike from Walmart (don't hate me), figuring that if I really did ride it often, in two years or so I could move up to the big-kids $500 bikes - and know that the money isn't wasted.Well, you get what you pay for. My fabu little bike was changing gears alllll on its own (isn't that cute?) as I rode, and twice the chain decided it was over the whole thing and jumped off completely. I was getting sick of nearly dying, so I figured maybe my little $200 walmart assembled bike had some 'issues'. From a friends recommendation I decided to stop by Bob's to see if they would see what the heck was going on. I came in on a busy Thursday and Dale helped me out immediately. He was very nice and supported me in not spending much on a bike to start out, and offered to take a look at the bike & see what he could do. He took the bike back, and within 10 minutes had adjusted the cables & gears to the point that the bike was behaving beautifully! I was so happy, and asked Dale how much I owed him - and he said not to worry about it. Just come see him when / if I needed a new tired or an adjustment. Well I am now telling everyone I see just how great Dale & this shop is. Honest guys, straight forward and just really nice to boot. GO TO BOB'S!!
4	It's a little bike shop in the hood, and they have been fixing flats and stuff for me for years. I also frequent a few other bike shops that I like better but not as close to home.Service is always fast and prices are on the "fair" side. Bob always seems a bit cranky -no pun intended, but he is competent and quick with the repairs. I noticed some nice bikes for a great price today, I think I might go back for an upgrade. Does a bike shop have to be a friendly place??? No not really, but the ones I like the best are.Take a look at the small well priced selection of Raleigh bikes, and for quick service just off the green belt this place is a great option.
5	I have checked in here twice in the last week; but, I've been here at least 6 or 7 times during that time frame.  I brought all of our bikes here to get new thorn resistant tubes and green slime put in the tires.  I was pleasantly greeted and assisted by Dale.  This shop doesn't look like much; but what it lacks in inventory and grandeur it makes up for 10 fold in customer service, knowledge and prompt service.  Dale is the only employee there and he does all the sales and the work.  With all that he is responsible for, he still manages to make it seem as if your bike is his ONLY priority.  He has meet and exceeded my needs and wants for a local bike shop! Thank you Dale and thank you Bob's Bike Shop!*I edited to add that I live just 5 minutes away from another local bike shop without having to cross any major streets (go through my neighborhood) to get to it and I'd still rather come to Bob's Bike shop which is 15 minutes away (on bike) and I need to cross two major streets to get here.
5	Yes - these reviews are ALL true :)  Bob is wonderful and fixed my tires quickly.  A wonderful shop !
5	I love this place. I come here for all accessories or repairs on my bike, which I bought there. The same guy is always working and I believe his name is Dale. Great customer service, takes time to answer questions, and does an awesome job all around!
5	I needed some work done on my bike that I myself couldn't do. So I needed Bob's Bike Shop for more then just a bike tube or tire. What once was broken is now operating perfectly thanks to the magician at Bob's. And his fee's for repair are very reasonable and fair. I am thankful and appreciative for the existence of Bob's Bike Shop.
5	Bob's is just the kind of place we need more of.  It's a small, old fashioned shop that is fair and fast.There is nothing slick, or corporate about this place.  It's a bike shop, nothing more, which is exactly as I like it.
5	A locally owned bike shop off Miller and McDowell in Scottsdale, Bob's bike shop is an amazing place.  The owner is highly knowledgable and extremely friendly. I had to take a bike tire that I thought was a lost cause and he was able to look at it that day and also find the problem and fix it.  Although my issue was minor with the tire not setting in the wheel correctly, some issues take longer to fix but he has them competed promptly and efficiently.  This place offers the best customer device of any small bike shops I had visited that day (and there were many).  I would definitely recommend this bike shop.
5	Always helpful and very honest. Just a little store that sells some bikes and does quality repair work. Dale, the man who runs the shop, seems to be a real stand-up guy. I bought a mountain bike from here and have really enjoyed it, as well as the year of free tune-ups. There's a reason why this place has been around for twenty-plus years.
5	This is the friendly, local bike shop you are looking for. This place is welcoming and just wonderful really. I was a bit intimidated before going to other bike shops and had a not great experience at a few as I feared. Not so here. As you can see from all the reviews, this is the bike shop you can feel at home in.
5	Great guy. Great small business. I highly recommend this shop.
4	I'll start off by saying that I love Landis Cyclery. That being said, they are wildly expensive and will charge you for even the smallest labor. The employees there are generally full of themselves and their sweet bikes as well.Bob's don't play that. You can come in and get something tightended, or just talk with the employees (who are generally much older, which I prefer...these guys know a TON about bicycles) about your bike. I ride a vintage bike that can be a nightmare to work on, but Bob's makes it a lot of fun. A larger stock of high-quality parts and bikes would have gotten five stars.
5	Yesterday my bike started shifting on its own as I was riding home from school. I detoured to Bob's Bike Shop and dropped it off, only to be told he was really backed up and it might be a week. This morning he said it was ready, and I walked over at lunch to pick it up fixed, cleaned, and lubed. Total: $16.47, turnaround less than 24 hours. I don't hesitate to complain about bad service, so here's an example of *excellent* service.
5	Love Bob's Bike Shop!  All of the bikes we rent at Spinners on the Green are purchased from and serviced by Dale at Bob's.  We are proud to have them as neighbors and business associates!
5	When I decided to start riding my bike to work a few days a week, the first thing I needed to do was to convert my 13-year-old mountain bike to a commuter bike and ensure that everything was working as designed. I checked with several different bike shops and they all quoted me between $85-$150 just for a tune-up and that didn't even include replacing my knobby mountain bike tires with smoother ones that would give less road resistance and replacing my bike seat that had cracked after years of sitting in the Arizona sun.Luckily, before I committed to anything, I found Bike Shop. When I called I found that I could have everything on my bike done for less than the price of just a tune-up at some of the other shops. I stopped in with my bike and Dale, who runs the place, told me that he could have my bike done in about a week. Five days later, my bike looked and rode like new and my wallet wasn't hurt as badly as could have been!If you want to buy a new bike or just keep your old one in great shape, I highly recommend Bob's Bike Shop!
5	Seriously, Woohoo! As good as it gets. The world would be a better place if all the stores treated their customers the way they do at Bob's Bike shop. Dale is absolutely awesome.
5	Honest business..... Great service, I use my bike to get to and from work, they were able to get the work done in a hurry,.. And even talked me out of some stuff I though I needed ,... Refreshingly honest.
5	Not a big selection of bicycles to pick from but they are built to last.This is the best place to get bicycle repairs in Arizona.
5	Dale knew just how to tune-up my old touring bike. He made good suggestions, did a great job with the workmanship, and completed ahead of schedule. Great shop!
5	The reviews are TRUEI tore my pedals to shreds and needed them completely replaced. Dale looked at my bike for no more than a second, knew exactly the kind of pedals I needed, took my bike to the back, took off the old pedals, put on new ones, swiped my debit card, and I was on my way. All that took just FIVE MINUTES! And parts and labor only cost 10 bucks! Dale is a wizard and a genuinely nice dude. I highly, highly recommend this place.
