1	I hate saying negative things about people or businesses because you never know what's going on in their life to cause them to be rude to you, however Lori's Grooming has permanently scarred my dog. I used to bring my cocker spaniel here frequently it was close to my house and she would always get her in last minute. My dog was 5 when I started taking her to Lori so she had been to the groomer hundreds of times and never had an issue. After about the 6th or 7th time at Loris she would start to shake uncontrollably when we would even get close to the front door. Sometimes she would even poop and pee herself obviously completely terrified. This reaction was new she had never acted like this with any groomers and still, tho not as bad, has this reaction when we go to the groomers.I feel Lori had either been extremely aggressive to my dog or just treated her terribly, bad enough to cause her to react this way. Tho Lori was never a very pleasant woman I would have never expected her to harm my dog. Be weary of this groomer. Unfortunately there is no way to prove she did anything to my dog, if there were I would have her in jail, but you know your animal and she obviously was terrified of Lori. If you pet is like your child please watch that she is not being harmed.I give one star because she would always get her in last minute.
5	Lori is very good at what she does and has an understanding of animals that comes from years of experience. The nature of her own animals lets you know that she would not mistreat a customer's pet. The skill set involved to trim my dogs nails is necessary however Lori handles her with care every time. I go to Lori between washes to cut down on cost but my dog loves it as much as when I bath her. Lori is completely knowledgable and if you spend 5minutes talking to her about her credentials you'll realize her understanding for animals and her business.
5	My husband and I have been going to Lori's for 14 years.  She does an excellent job shaving our cats.  Probably most people think their cats just get shaved and their claws clipped.  The first thing she does is clip their claws.  As Lori says, she does that first so she doesn't get killed! She then shaves the cat while it's still dry.  Then she bathes the cat.  After the cat   dries, Lori shaves the cat one more time.  I did not know the cat was bathed then reshaved.  Lori also cleans the cat's anus.  Our cats always come back closely shaved.  Lori has always been super dependable as well as being Phoenix's best pet groomer.  Lori is the best and we would not ever go anywhere else.  Her prices are also very reasonable.
1	Now I had a very bad experience with this groomer. Now the shop owner was sweet at first but in my opinion must have become jaded over her long standing years as pet groomer because when I heard my dog cry out from the back room and asked if it was her lori's answer was "that falls under the category of oh well that's to bad it has to be done" I couldn't believe she said that to me but I kept silent I just knew my dog wasn't one to cry like that anyhow I'm going to make a very long story short and let y'all know that the result of that was my poor baby nails being clipped on one paw way to short so short that they were bleeding however I didn't know until I got home and rinsed her off to make sure she was hair free and the powder she had stopped the bleeding with came off. I'd wondered why my pup was acting so odd and scared. I called Lori and she admitted to the accidentally cutting her nails to short and I'm not one to be an ass but why wouldn't she tell me before I took my dog home where I have a very well taken care of white antique couch? Her unprofessional attitude and smart remarks not to mention very dirty waiting area taught me not to be so quick to trust just anyone with my pooch. The least she could have done was tell me what happened before going home or was it perhaps it was the $12 tip she was afraid id take back well I'll never know because I'll never return to have my dog done there again and I say you don't either. Sorry for dragging you through the mud Lori but in your own words "that falls under the category of that to bad it has to be done"
5	I just tried Lori's for the first time, and I'm very pleased. It can't be easy grooming cats, but I just picked up my cat "Lily" and she had the best Lion Cut she's ever gotten!  Lori and her staff were very friendly, and I could tell that they care about what they do. I will definitely be returning. Thanks, Lori!
