5	Was looking for some limited gear and found it here. Great selection of tees. Was able to find a couple of things you can't online.One of the lovely lady employees was very helpful. Definitely coming back when in town. Located in a plaza behind Hard Rock cafe and next to Undefeated.
2	All the Stussy goods you could ask for, with customer service comparable to the workers at Supreme NY. Don't expect to receive a head nod or "what's up" when you walk in the door. Gave my cousin a hard time, unfold a shirt and they'll be following you around the store until you walk out. They're too busy admiring their fixed gear bikes and looking like their busy on their Macs.
4	I prefer this Stussy store over the San Francisco one (http://www.yelp.com/biz/stussy-san-francisco).  Went here in March after they first opened they had a shit load of t-shirts, jackets, hats, and even those expensive $330 Stussy x Levi's Jeans.  They had a lot more sizes for all clothes at this location too, compared to their SF spot that tends to only have the sizes on display.  This spot is located in the plaza right by The Hard Rock Cafe and right next to Undefeated.
4	I got a bag here, and it's pretty sweet. They have a pretty good selection of both men's and women's clothing and accessories. The girl who was working when I was here was really nice and helpful.
4	I've been a fan of Stussy since I was in elementary school. So, to finally hit up the store, I was stoked!! It was awesome. They still have a lot of their classic items, caps with their signature logo and shirts, etc. I thought that most Stussy items had disappeared from the mainstream scenes, but I guess not. The store is nice and roomy. The staff are friendly. They carry some of the Nike SB's, but not in many sizes or colors. The SF store is cool too but they did not carry sizes like this location. I was pretty impressed. I was able to find a few simple caps and shirts for friends as gifts. This place is pretty easy to find. It's in a small plaza, next to the Hard Rock Cafe and next door to Undefeated. Another nice thing, sometimes you are able to find those hard to find limited ed. items here. I'd love to re-visit.
5	I love this brand!!! All their stuff is like art so I love coming to a Stussy store because it is like going to a gallery. I am super stoked they have a location in Las Vegas.
5	If you love this brand then you NEED to stop by. Stussy always has a dope store, along with the great selection you just can't go wrong. A must-stop-by store while on a trip to Vegas.
5	In Vegas these cats are a one of the sole survivors after a handful of other men's clothing/sneaker boutiques shut down. Their brand's strong ties to art, culture, attention to detail and design has shown why they've been able to withstand the test of time. They carry a variety of men's tees, pants, shoes, accessories hats, limited and collaborative/limited clothing peices. From time to time they have little shows, celebrations, anniversary parties and you guessed it, sales. Check out their website for more info.One of the few shops I like to frequent outside of KNYEW (off Spring Mountain) and Undefeated, located right next door Stussy.
3	if they didn't have a cool ass sale going on 2 for $30, i'd give this place a 2 stars. the service sucked here. i wasn't even greeted when i came in. not once was asked if i needed help. i had to ask the price on some of the shirts. i experienced way better at the SF one even though the service there sucked too. the only time their service turned great is when you're in the counter purchasing their clothes. i don't think i'll ever come here again. not worth my time
5	I was pretty excited when I found out Las Vegas has a Stussy store.  I passed it many times driving on paradise. So if you passed Harmon, you missed it.  It's in the same shopping center as Kaizen Sushi and Johnny Rockets.I only come here when they have a sale, if I'm buying a gift for someone or if I'm in the area.  But everytime I come in here it's pretty empty and the employees are chill.  They won't hassle you to buy something, they really do help you out.  That's what I like about these hiphop/skate boutiques. I don't really mind just kickin it in here, they play some good music!
2	Spotty counter guys who scowled when I shot them a hey how are you doing. Nice enough layout and an okay selection. Boyfriend found a BBC jacket that wasn't tagged. Upon asking how much it was the bearded spectacled huffy counter guy sighed in an annoyed you'll never be able to afford this rasp, "648". Can you guys really afford to act so condescending when we're the only customers? Wanted this gorgeous blank canvas bag but couldn't stand the guys working there so we bailed. Don't treat me like a pauper, idiots. There goes two sales for you today. Go check out undefeated. Say what up to Pat. He'll tell you the best places to check out on and off the strip.
3	Thanks for the business Stussy!
1	i can't argue that stussy is way popular.  this boutique store, although small, has a nice selection.  brands like stussy and undefeated are my go to spots for gifts for friends and family (although it pains me to pay so much for a damn t-shirt!).service here is pretty terrible.  no one greets you and they reprimand you for sifting through the clothes.  come on!  the place is usually empty... the workers have time to re-fold!  its a big contrast to undefeated next door where the workers are nice.there are a lot of places that sell stussy clothing.  moving forward, i'll skip out on this location.
1	Bad customer service, in fact no customer service. They dont even bother to greet you. Don't waste your money on cab fair going off the strip.
3	Cool
4	I remember as a teenager that Stussy products could be found anywhere! 'Anywhere' being a skateboard shop. I had quite a wardrobe of Stussy T-shirts! I still have a few! I was delighted to see that Stussy has not completely disappeared and that they have their own store here in LV. Everyone was nice and friendly! Looking forward to going back!
1	Customer service would be negative stars.  They had two guys at the counter and only one customer, ME!  They never talked to me or even acknolwedged me and I was look at some of the displays right next to them.  Maybe I came in on a bad...?  I love their merch, but if I wanted the cold shoulder I would have just bought their stuff online.
2	What kills the place is HORRIBLE customer service. Its hard to put into words how stuck-up and pretentious the employees here are. Its sad because the Stussy brand is just the opposite. Oh well, its still awesome to have a Stussy store in town! Each time I have stopped by its been totally dead, I don't know maybe the employees piss off all the customers but the plus side is of course they have every size and color in stock. yay!Keep in mind that the prices will be the same if you went to the Fashion Show or any other mall - no discounts or anything, but keep an eye out for their sales they are pretty awesome! But yeah the company really needs to look at who the ef is working at this store.
5	Workers were really friendly and helpful. They don't mind if you are just looking around. They don't give you attitude unlike other boutiques. They answer any questions that you may have. They even grab a new item for you from the stock room.
5	I came in stussy hoping to find something cute for me to wear but they seemed a bit short on the women's clothes, but it's okay I'll just wait for next seasons clothes to come out. Anyway I just bought a pompom beanie for myself instead and I got my boyfriend a nice long sleeve stussyxnike collabo tee. The two guys that worked there were really polite and helped me with whatever I needed. I'll continue to come visit whenever I'm in the area.
3	There's a decent selection of clothing but not much to see really. Staff was pretty cool. Store is very organized and orderly. It's best you come here during their Black Friday sale since that's when they have the most stuff available, but other than that it's a decent place.
4	Such an organized store, but not a lot of variety. They barely have any women's clothing, but the guys have a wide selection of tee's, jackets, hats, and much more. There was a small rack of clothes for the ladies, and they were all mediums so I figured they had nothing in my size. However, the worker told me to just let him know if I needed anything and he'll go in the back to get the size I wanted.
4	Their store was well organized and had a really nice vibe. I really liked how they had the clothes set up. The only thing I didn't like was how they didn't have my size in some shirts. Overall it was a good experience and the staff were really helpful.
2	Service was fine. Ok selection. Didn't have my size in the first couple shirts I wanted (Lrg). The shirt I did buy, grafic came of a little and faded first wash.
