5	I have been going to this Goodwill for awhile and I have never had any complaints about it. This thrift store is the most hit or miss of the thrift shops I frequent. Even so the staff is very friendly and everything is very organized. It seems the people who donate to this shop bring VERY outdated clothes, so you really have to dig in this place!
4	I developed my adoration for thrift shopping at Goodwill, as a child. Back then, we shopped at Goodwill out of need, when my family experienced down times, like so many families are experiencing now.Little did I know that I would develop a passion for thrifting. Shopping and donating at Goodwill has always been a pleasant experience. The people are very friendly and helpful.Goodwill is a community staple. Goodwill is good for the economy, workforce development, education, job creation, social services, green practices and 90 cents of every dollar earned at Goodwill is reinvested into  programs and the Goodwill mission  - to Put People to Work. They have some great new stores that just opened throughout Metro-Phoenix.
1	Just nasty! Very cluttered and overpriced.
5	Workers and sales associates make or break any business..and I was lucky enough to get a great gal to help me a few weeks ago at this Goodwill. I was part of a 'mama gaga' act and I needed to make a Lady Gaga costume. The cable guy was coming to the house and I only had a few minutes to shop for a dress that I could turn into one of Gaga's famous fashion statements. I went to the dress section, which also happened to have an associate hanging up dresses. She asked if I needed help. I told her what I was doing and she took me into the bridal section (which are full brides gowns - great for customs or anyone on budget), she helped me look for a dress in the section she was working and she pointed out one last section where I might be able to find something. Sure enough, I found a dress that I could modify. I couldn't believe how helpful she was; she had worked with a family member doing pageant gowns and gave me some tips to turn my dress into the Gaga fashion statement I was aiming to achieve. I told her she needed a job at a department store, she was so helpful and friendly...and my dress was a hit!
3	i feel bad leaving a goodwill anything less than a five, because really in my heart just the idea of goodwill deserves a five every time. im a thrifter, at least once a week i have to stop by one of these places just to see who's junk i can put in my house. but this goodwill in particular kind of made me sad. it was pretty dirty inside, (like youd think a goodwill would be, if youd never been to one)... there was a smell that i couldnt put my finger on, and i frankly wouldnt want to put anything on. there were broken things on the shelf, not like hey maybe this would be cool to take home and fix. im talking like broken things that should be in the trash. remember this is me the junk collector... i guess i just had higher expectations. ive probably been to a good 25-30 goodwill's since discovering how great they are. this one easily was the worst... im just sayin.
