5	This little place, right across the street from the Birmingham Bridge, has excellent tacos.  Tacos are cheap and authentic ($2.50 for a taco full of all the fixins' you could want: rice, beans, guacamole, salsa, lime, etc.)  The tortillas are the real deal.  They sell all the Mexican pops along with aguas frescas.  We had agua de pina y fresa, and it was really good.  The decor is nothing fancy, but there are some colorful murals on the walls, and the place is clean.  It is run by a friendly couple.  I will definitely return.
4	I am so glad I discovered this place last night. They have very good traditional-style tacos with great late-night specials, and there is a toppings bar so you can dress up your tacos any way you want. The employees are super friendly and even with a line, the wait for your food doesn't take long. The venue is very simple but the food so I wouldn't come here on a special occasion, but if you are just looking for some good, cheap tacos, this is your spot.
5	Was walking the dog yesterday on Carson st., and right around 23rd or so, just past Cupka's same side of the road, saw a street standing sign "Taqueria".This will draw me in like a cracker to a pig roast.Just go here.  I don't have time at this point to really do a critical essay on exactly how great this place is.  Go here for lunch.  Get the barbacoa, or the carne asada tacos or burrito.  The meat is perfect.   I mean, seriously, perfect.And it is run by the owners.  The guy who whips up the food is nice and talkative, and a good speak.  I assume his wife is behind the register.  She is just fine, as far as, she rings you up and takes your money.  Seriously. Seriously...   BEST taqueria, taquirea, taco, street taco, in Pittsburgh.  (I did all that for the benefit of the search engines).I am not kidding.  I am posting pictures later.  BEST BEST BEST.
3	At the office, we like to show up every Tuesday to celebrate Taco Tuesday. Lately, it's turned into Burrito Tuesday. If things get busy and we're feeling especially wild, it becomes Burrito Wednesday.Bea's opens in the mornings when the meat is ready. Sometimes, you'll see the nice folks at the counter hanging out through the window, but the door will be locked. A knock and a wave on our end is then met with a few gestures and words on their end, usually "five minutes!" or sometimes, "whoops, come on in!"The premise is simple: choose from a long list of meats (chorizo, beef tongue, chicken, etc.), a short list of preparations (taco, burrito, quesadilla, etc.), grab a drink (soft drink or imported bottles), eat some food.It's cheap, it tastes good, and it keeps me coming back. Sometimes, I even go to Bea's outside office-hours, on Late-Night Alcohol Fridays.
1	I think I must've missed something with the reviews so complimentary on here. When we walked in we didn't understand what to do(you have to walk in back to order). The order took awhile and they misunderstood when I said I wanted 1 taco not 2. Then I got the taco and the shell was soggy and gross and the meat was meh.
4	Finally a good little taco place on the South Side.  Very cheap and good.  Definitely better than Emiliano's and on par with Las Palmas.  Check it out.
5	Appears to be closed.These were the best hot tacos in Pittsburgh :-(
