5	Good sized bar with a full kitchen. Lots of seating for players around the bar. Gaming area with pool and darts. Lots of tv's and daily dinner specials make this a great spot for almost any occasion. The Caesar salad comes with fresh garlic bread and is big enough to share. Other than that it's hard to pin down the menu as they have multiple specials everyday. The latest was shrimp and fish with fries and hushpuppies for about $11. It was excellent and again plenty of food for 2 people. The staff are great and very attentive to their customers.
3	I have been to this location a handful of times. It is indiscernable from every other bar and grill in Las Vegas. The thing we happen to like is they have this sunken area in the back with a couple tables and 4 plasmas that nobody sits at. We hang there and smoke cigars and the waitresses are just friendly and cute enough to make it ok. Don't hurt yourself getting here but if you come, grab a cigar and sit a spell.
1	This place has the best ribs in town. But overall the bartenders and staff suck. They even signed more of a tip on bill that I signed for and scammed me.
2	Virtually the same as any other pub/ bar around town. TVs, full kitchen, selection of drinks, games, and etc. Nice service too but my lone problem is the overcharge. I was billed $18.20 but charged over $21. Sure it's only 3  bucks but I mean come on, fix the register. I really have problems with businesses that do overcharges and they may not mean to do it purposely but if it's a constant issue, they should attend to it. Especially if they don't really pay attention to the details of their finances, they'd overlook the charge and not even notice it. Why should I have to go through calling my bank and filing a claim of an overcharge? If you plan on coming here, come with cash. That is all.
5	This is one of my favorite bars. Great bartenders and the food is pretty good. Personally, I love the burgers, Swiss cheese on sourdough with taster tots. It's the best. They also make a great grilled cheese sandwich. Thursday special is Beef Stroganoff and it's amazing. I crave it! Friday special is Prime Rib, it's pretty good, but the veggies are usually overcooked.Chris on swing, and Hot Ritchie on grave are my favorite bartenders.
1	This place is terrible. The waiters are on their cell phones most of the time. Management allows other patrons to scream, yell and cuss at the television as well as other patrons, all while banging on tables and the bar.
5	Happy hour 2-6 mon-fri$3 well drinks $3.50 domestic drafts$3.99 breakfast and lunch starting at $4.95
