1	Do not patronize this business.  I came in with some gold jewelry to get an estimate and the owner found out I had been elsewhere and she thought the other jewelery store offered me more,  She left me sitting at the counter and abruptly left.  She started yelling and screaming at me in front of ther customers saying that I'm going around getting estimates and undermining her and that she offered the best price she could and went on and on.......and I said I didn't know that wasn't allowed (getting another estimate) and she told me to leave the store and called the security guard over to escort me out if I didn't leave.  Then, to top it off, she attacked me personally, saying my fat stomach is showing out my blouse and I should change it.  I was so totally shocked by her behavior when I did not do or say anything wrong.  I did not yell at her, but was so perplexed.
5	Awesome  that's all I can say!
5	I wanted to get my voice out here as soon as I could because of how well I was treated. I just moved to Las Vegas from California for a new job opportunity and was short some cash until payday. I came to this store because I had googled where to go to to sell a few pieces of jewelry and some coins. I came in right before closing time and spoke to a nice lady. I didn't know how much money to expect, all I knew was that I needed cash. Surprisingly I got way more than what I had guessed I would get, and the lady gave me a coupon that allowed me to have an extra $20.00. She said their business sends out coupons in the mail which gives you an extra chance to win more money if you brought in this coupon....the really neat thing was that I NEVER win anything and didn't even know anything about this coupon. The lady told me, "You're new to town and can use this," and she handed me the scratch off coupon. I just wanted to say an extra thanks to this store. I really appreciate the help!
5	I have never met a more honest group of people.  John Burnett gave us so much more than we could have hoped for.  We shopped around and not only was he willing to pay us the most but he and his staff made us so comfortable.  I would never go anywhere else.
5	Been here many times, and could not be more pleased.  Friendly, knowledgeable staff is a pleasure to deal with. As part of my job, I have shopped many gold buying stores and found this place to offer better prices than anywhere else. Honest, straightforward apprasials on jewelry. You will not be disappointed if you are looking to sell jewelry.
4	Excellent experience, after reading some of the reviews online started out this morning to see what my bag of old 80's gold chains and bracelets was worth.  Went to two locations based on positive reviews.  Las Vegas Jewelry & Coin Exchange was by far the better choice and that is not only based on the great value they offered.  They sat with us and sorted through, weighed and calculated everything right there instead of disappearing into a back room somewhere with my pieces.  Recommend to anyone in the market to sell.
4	This review is for 4.5 stars.Located next to Einstein Bagels in a small strip shopping center with Hallmark kitty- corner. Excellent customer service- the assistant opened the door for us (we had the stroller), got us refreshments- water or coffee, and told us that the jewelry buyer would be with us in a few minutes. There is a male security guard on duty. There is a TV playing a movie. There is a jewelry booth to the left (this is where we were assisted), and a secured booth area (clear glass) on the right. In the front, were additional seating, to accommodate more customers (4 more parties arrived after we were nearly done with our visit). The buyer was a nice professional man, who gave our little boy a soft bunny stuffed animal (that was very nice). He took the time with us- looked at each item and went through everything we had to show him (after the total was given to us, all we had to do was decide if we should sell and accept the deal; there was no pressure to finalize the deal, we didn't have to sell here if we didn't want to). We were able to finish out our transaction with the other assistant- she paid us the money, took one of our IDs, and gave us the receipt. Very happy with the exchange. (The buyer apologized for going to the next customer, but he explained that most of the staff had the weekend off for Easter. We were pretty much done, anyway.)
2	Great customer service. However they offer the lowest prices if you are trying to sell the jewelry. Was offered $300 for my diamond studs (it was mentioned that $300 was a "very generous" offer considering the quality of the earrings). Other pawn shops were offering $450, $700, and $850 (in the "pawn stars" shop featured on TV).After all I will not recommend this place for selling.
5	Las Vegas Jewelry and Coin Buyers helped me get a diamond for my engagement ring. They were awesome from beginning to end. I live in Chicago, but had a relationship with the sister store in Westmont, IL. When it came time to purchase an engagement ring, I knew who to call. They worked tirelessly to make our big day a success. We show off the ring every chance we get. I highly recommend Las Vegas Jewelry and Coin.
5	I've reluctant to do anything with this watch I bought many years back in Chicago so it remained in my drawer waiting for a band pin.   My girl friend of many years not knowing I had a watch (because I never wore it) bought me a really cool breitlling so the Rolex was really forgotten... until yesterday.   We were moving our clothes and stuff out of old furniture and placing it into the newly bought stuff when Erin came across my watch.  She immediately thought it was fake because I had it "away" all this time but then saw dollar signs when I told her I like the one she got me more.  She was thinking vacation, I was thinking one of those crazy 2 seater four wheeler.... neither of us really "knew" at all....Alright, long story as short as I can make it... I brought the watch to the same place we had her uncles coin collection appraised (this place) and when I found out she could have her vacation, I could get my razor, I could payoff both cars, all credit cards and have enough left over to relax for a minute you could have slapped me in face and I wouldn't have felt it.   Apparently my Paul Neuman 2 tone bezal watch, is one sought after piece of jewelry.
1	utter waste of time if you are considering selling quality items of gold and/or diamond jewelry. with no written appraisal or evaluation, a vague verbal offer is made for considerably less than any pawn shop in town would tender. if you are happy after doing business here, it equates to your being absolutely without a clue. this is the clientele which they depend upon when paying less than scrap for whatever you may bring in. avoid this establishment just as you would the plague. i strongly suspect that the lame fav feedbacks posted do not emanate from arms length transactions. caveat emptor!
4	Fast efficient and did what I wanted him to. Did not have time to answer my questions. It was 4th of July and he was short staffed.
1	This review might sound a little repetitive but I feel future customers need to hear it again and again...They really offer you nothing for your jewelry. I went there with a Cartier ring and a custom made necklace. I was offered less than the weight of the gold. I understand that they need to make money to stay in business, but damn don't take us for the ride of our lives! Just to confirm my suspicions, I drove down the street to one of those pawn superstores for giggles and they offered me more for the necklace alone than that jewelry store.Bottom line, know what you have before selling it, no matter where you go! And this is certainly not the place to go to if you want to walk away with some decent cash in your pocket.
1	Don't be afraid to ask questions.  The guy waiting on us was probably very knowledgeable but not very forthcoming with information.  I should have asked more questions and in some respects feel like I was taken advantage of.  I went there because of their big ad in the paper but I would never go back.  Again, ask questions and don't feel intimidated.  I took a gold necklace somewhere else and got more for it than they quoted.
5	someone told me its wrong to hock an engagement ring.   that person was the same person who gave it to me.   his fault for being romantic and a bad person all at the same time.   ring= new bag from hermes and the first lease payment for m' new tesla.... fun.Ask for the John, I think he owns the place.... shhhh.
1	One of the lady was extremely rude and was unable to identify  a 2003 silver proof quarter repeatedly saying it wasn't silver and dropping it on a glass counter. Then they proceeded to offer me 50% of spot value on 90% silver. Bad service, bad offers, bad business. Stay away!
