5	BBDT is an amazing facility with World Class Krav Maga Instructors.  The instructors are patient and possess an amazing amount of knowledge and skill. I know not everyone is used to having a gun stuck in their face or knife to your throat but Christian, Sam, Coop and Kurt make sure that every student understands the principles of Krav Maga at their own pace. They are never judgmental and they provide enough 1 on 1 training in a class to make sure that you properly grasp the principles and techniques to save your life and possibly that of others. Want to change your life for the best? Train here!!!!Mike
5	I LOVE Krav Maga!!! I was looking to take a martial arts class and by fluke found Battle Born Defensive Tactics.  I took one class and was instantly hooked!!  I left the first day with more confidence and knowledge.  The instructors are AMAZING!!!!! Not only extremely qualified, but have a great understanding on how walk you through every technique, unlike other Krav Maga schools I tried out in Las Vegas. If you want to learn how to defend yourself in a positive environment this is the place for you!!!!
5	Exceptional Instructors make Krav Maga principles easy to grasp. Great energy. Was hooked from the first class! You won't get bored. I swear.
5	I love BBDT!!!!!! I started coming back in June because I had went to my girlfriends house for Sunday lunch. She was telling me about what her daughter was learning from Krav Maga. I had know idea what that was. She had her 8 year old, 4ft 2in, daughter come and ask my 17 year old son, who is 6ft, to come and pull her hair. HE laughed and grabbed it and all I saw was him go down fast and his feet behind him while she was dragging him down the hallway..... I was so impressed I had to come and check it out. I have been going every day, that I can, ever since. It's addictive and relaxing for me!!!! It helps with everyday stresses in life!!!! When I'm having a bad day, I know at the end of it I can go punch something and feel better!!!!! But seriously, it's one big family!!!! Everyone is so friendly and.......welcoming!!!!! The instructors are amazing and always very HELPFUL!!!!!!!! It truly is my second family and you get to play with knives, guns and sticks!!!! Sounds like heaven to me!!!!!    KIMI
5	At Battle Born I found real self defense training the same training given to Special Agents, SWAT, FBI etc.  I did my research and I tried other schools in Las Vegas, they are watered down Krav Maga not the real thing. The skills I've learned here are unlike any you could ever learn. This is the only Krav Maga school in Las Vegas that has a direct link to Krav Maga Global in Israel. A direct connection to Eyal Yanilov who studied under Imi Lichtenfeld founder of Krav Maga.
5	This place is truly amazing. All of the instructors  are extremely knowledgeable and friendly. No egos here. The instructors, as well as the students, really go that extra mile in order for you to understand the techniques. Not only do they show you the techniques, but they go into detail on how it works in the real world. This is my first, and most likely last, Krav Maga school. I can't picture learning at any other school.
5	I have been approached in the parking lot going to my car many times. I told my husband I needed to learn a true self defense and quick. He said Krav Maga. I love it!!! It teaches you how to defend yourself from many different types of attacks right away. It also teaches you how to be aware,( which I thought I was), but now I really am. I have even taken my daughter as it designed for all ages and fitness levels.   The instructors are experienced and know how to walk you thru the techniques so you learn quickly you correctly. They are constantly learning and sometimes improving the  techniques for different situations as criminals keep learning different ways to attack.    I would highly recommend coming to a class and giving it a try, you just might learn something useful.
5	I took the Krav Maga courses here at Battle born and they taught me a lot in a short amount of time. Although I was only able to go for not too long because of work, the instructors there are very helpful in getting me to understand a lot of the form they teach. They also do one on one sessions when they feel it will benefit the student. It is definitely a fun and educational place to train/learn about krav maga. I used to do Jiu Jitsu for a few years, and a bunch of the students did was joke about how Jiu jitsu is for the weak, even though they are two different styles, mixing the two increased my confidence in feeling safe with my family out on the strip.
