5	John and his crew are great! Good service and very convenient!
5	The staff here was so helpful to me with my divorce. I highly recommend them for any of your legal needs.
1	The ladies who work here are super nice. BUT the man who works here is dreadful! Every time I encounter him I leave wishing I had never gone there. Which is why I have decided I will no longer bring my business to this location.  He is rude, condescending, and acts as though he is doing me some huge favor by providing me with his service. I think not- sorry but someone else can have my money.
5	John, Carmel and the entire staff are always great. They did an excellent job on my divorce and John is always helpful when my family regularly uses them for mail services. John is retiring soon and I hate to see him go, but will continue to patronize NV Legal Forms for all of my shipping needs.Carmel did a thorough and professional job preparing my divorce paperwork and even made suggestions on how to get the paperwork done more efficiently. She was kind to my now ex-wife when we had to go in and sign papers as well.Highly recommend!
5	Carmel is always so helpful and knowledgeable, and the rest of the staff is just as great!
5	This place is awesome. Every time I go in there we are either next in line or go right up to the counter. I hate going to the post office and they can handle anything I need to do. The ladies who work there are very helpful and friendly. They definitely are a pleasure to talk to.
1	I've been meaning to write a review in forever. I was in the process of selling my house back in July 2010, and I have notarized a Quitclaim Deed under me & my ex boyfriends names done at this store (done in 1st quarter of 2009). He was present, gave his ID, signed the log along with me. My Escrow Officer needed it, but when she called Carmel, she said that they only had a record of me coming in & not my ex boyfriend. So I called asking if they can please check. She called me back after 1 1/2 days saying that they checked their storage/other location where the logs are at, & it is non-existent & couldn't be found. My sister & I visited the shop in person, because I remembered vividly 110% that my ex boyfriend signed the log. Her & I think was her husband said that they couldn't find it, that they have gone already through their storage & went through a ton of stuff. I told her that she was the one who notarized it & if she remembers telling my ex where to sign on document & sign in log. She looked confused, & didn't remember. I was disappointed then & was leaving the shop. The man said something rude, saying "we don't have to help you. You are not a regular customer!" My sister & I couldn't believe it. I was unhappy because I had a buyer who was in the process of purchasing my house. And when I came to this place, & they were very unhelpful & rude. It was very frustrating & I so upset, I was actually crying in my car. I was upset because I knew it was going to be extremely difficult to have my ex boyfriend agree to sign another one. He was also living out of state.After several days later, my Escrow officer Carolyn contacted me that Carmel found my ex boyfriend's signature & apologized. Carmel had my telephone number, she should've called me to apologize. I've spoken to her on the phone. Because the closing or process took too long (it was difficult to get my ex boyfriend to sign off a new Quitclaim Deed), THE BUYERS CANCELLED. I've never been so disappointed as a customer, & treated so rudely by someone. I came in there respectfully & asking for their help as their customer. But I couldn't believe that because "we weren't regular customers there, they don't have to help us". Even though I've shopped in their store several times before & they have record of me getting the Q/C Deed notarized there. So I am writing this today.
