4	This is one of those cool funky hip stores that you could find just about anything in.  While walking around Mandalay Bay in Vegas, we came across UO.  I've been in an UO store before, so I knew what to expect.  My hubby had never been, so he was pretty amused and spent quite a while in the store just browsing.  The staff was nice and knowledgable.  The prices are kinda steep, but it's definitely cool stuff that you might not be able to find elsewhere.
2	Overpriced, mid-quality clothes that caters only to a certain body type - that's what Urban Outfitters is to me.  Now, I've owned UO stuff.  I've got some great deals on sale from the website.  But actually going to the store is not the favourite experience in the world.  The too-cool-for-you attitude there is so pervasive not only in the uber-scenester staff but the high school kids who parade through with their parents' money.  I happen to wear the biggest size they offer (which isn't that big at all) so I am a UO pariah.  They offer up mainstream indie music like they're the first people to have ever heard of Modest Mouse or !!!.They do have adorable shoes and pants from time to time.  I'll stick to ordering online.
3	A store with unique items.Some unique home bar accessories.The Miracle Mile store has multiple levels, while the store in the Mandalay Bay Place is all one level..The boutique is nice, unique tee shirts abound.The best part of the store is their book selection - totally humorous books that are hard to find anywhere.The store is worth a visit - the books will entertain you for quite a time.
4	One of the more pleasant shopping experiences I've had at urban in a long long time!  Clothing was actually organized, and you could even find sizes easily!I'm not a big Urban Outfitters shopper, but I found the selection at this store to be much greater than in NYC and SF.  I guess not all franchises are created equal!
5	I love Urban Outfitters....  this location, although not as cool as the other location in the center of the strip, has a big selection.  Much better than the Milwaukee one I'm used to.  I ended up coming here 2 times during my visit to Vegas (sad, I know).  Found cool necklace and a CD I haven't seen back home.  Was quite annoyed seeing many more colorways of some styles I bought back home (in Milwaukee we had 2 colorways and they had like 10 here....!).
3	Although I didn't need any new clothes, after my first night in Vegas I felt like my dresses were nowhere near short enough....  I guess I was not alone in my thought process, since a lot of the sizes were gone.  I felt it humorous that while trying on clothes in the dressing room, I heard two girlfriends saying, 'If you just get it in a size smaller, it will barely cover your ass.  You should go for it!'Well-organized clothing, maybe not as much of a selection in smaller sizes for the ladies as I would have liked, but again, I didn't need new clothes!  And the clothes at Urban Outfitters aren't really "Vegas" hot.
4	I got a pair of jeans that fit me perfectly for something like $20 at Urban.  There aren't too many bargains in life, but that was one of them.  Good service, too.
5	Never found so many deals in any other Urban Outfitters! I must say that this is perhaps my favorite Urban Outfitters, just because their selection was great and they had a lot of deals! A lot of things were on sale for $10, including skirts, dresses, shirts, and sunglasses! Some racks said that they were selling things for $20, but after looking at the tags, they turned out to be only $10!I definitely recommend this UO if you happen to be in the area. I wasn't expecting to find an UO in Mandalay Bay, but I'm glad I went! Came here on a Saturday night, too, and it wasn't packed (I guess since there are so many other places to shop at and see).After purchasing some items, I noticed that their store bags were awesome, too. Mine was really sturdy since the handles were more than just plan paper.Anyways, this is an awesome UO! Check it out if you like cute clothes, awesome deals and if you're visiting Mandalay Bay!
4	instead of visiting so many stores how about go out and visit museums or a library so humanity will prosper instead of know what's in this season. anyways i like urban outfitters, i actually shop there but i'm just saying...
4	Like Vegas itself, this Urban Outfitters is fast and easy! It's small not what you're used to. It's one story and you can actually see the whole store, front to back, when you walk in. Does this mean they don't have every over price t-shirt a fly over state tourist would want to bring back to their nephew as a gift? Does this mean that they don't have a decent selection of toys that only a middle age dude that hasn't grown up yet would like? Does this mean they don't have a sale section that has the one item you really need for $9.99, just because it's $9.99.
4	I happen to like this Urban Outfitter a lot because Urban Outfitter is usually associated with how dirty and messy it is and the employees at this one really takes time to keep it clean! The sale section is typically smaller since this is one of the smaller Urban Outfitter stores on the strip but its so easy to navigate I don't mind. At least I can find what I want instead of digging through a bunch of piles of things I definitely don't want in hopes of finding something that I do.The employees are helpful but not intrusive and it's located conveniently between Luxor and Mandalay bay for great casino access!
4	This Urban Outfitters came in so handy when I was in Vegas for New Year's. It was located between my hotel, Luxor, & Mandalay Bay, so getting there was super easy. They had a great selection, especially of dresses, which was nice since I was debating the dresses I'd brought. It was large, clean, well-lit, and staffed with friendly, approachable people. It was nice to have a such a large selection right in the hotel, and seemingly have clothes picked for the occasion right there. Even in Vegas, and at a store known for clothing that is sometimes way too high priced for what it is, they had a great sale section, and the prices weren't way higher just because of the location. Overall, a UO to be proud of!
5	good store!
3	** CHECK ONLINE PRICES **  Had 30 minutes to spare prior to my hair appointment at Mandalay Place, so I tried on a few dresses and sweaters.  Put a couple of things on hold, but decided to check online for different sizes.  Glad I did!  The items I put on hold were ON SALE / ON LINE for only $14.99 each.  Even with the $10 flat rate shipping, I still saved $40!
2	I love UO but this store reaks of sewage.  Blech.  If you wander around for a few minutes (and singe your nose hairs) you will get used to it.  If you have a weak stomach you are better off doing an about face and getting the F out.
4	This is the only urban I like from the many I've been to. I think the prices went up since last year. The clearance rack, ranges from $29.99 or lower now. (not really a good deal, I might add) but there's scarfs for $10 bucks.
4	This has got to be one of my favorite stores in town! The thing is though, it is a bit on the overpriced side. There are times where there are amazing deals, but you have to be patient enough to dig. I haven't been here in a couple months, but the sale area seems like it has gotten more expensive. Most items on sale were 29.99!! Cmon people, we are going through a recession! Haha. Oh! One positive to my urban outfitters experience is that they changed their shopping bags to recyclable ones! Now you can come in and reuse the bags they give! Woohooo!!!
4	I love love love UO. It's amazing but the prices aren't so much!I stayed at the Mandalay Bay and this hotel is conveniently located between the hotel and the luxor. This store is open until midnight so if you're up for some late night shopping, you'll have to stop by!This store is definitely much more chilled and less busier than the other UO located at the Miles Shop. Out of all UO's I've been too, I really did enjoy this store. Granted that it's Las Vegas, so they definitely have to up-keep this store. There's also an amazing sale section in the back that is actually organized! There aren't any clothes lying on the floor. Nothing is cluttered in the store. I even got a BDG shirt for only 5 bucks!Even the Mens' sale section was huge. The sales associates are super friendly! They let you drink at the store, as well. They have fairly big dressing rooms.
2	I came here yesterday just because I was in the neighborhood and haven't been to an Urban Outfitters in about 2 years. Boy was I disappointed. There was a cool shirt with fringe on the bottom but when I went to find my size, it was one size fits all. I am absolutely not okay with a fringed t-shirt costing $35.00 and being one size fits all. I was on the verge of going into a tirade about fabrics and cost but I've decided to simplify it to two words: obscenely overpriced. I ended up snagging a pretty decent over sized tee from the sale rack for $10 and buying my husband a Gibson Les Paul tee but I'm going to have to return or exchange his tee because the fit is a bit strange. I'll give Urban one more try but I'll definitely visit the one in the Miracle Mile because it's twice as large and thus the sale racks are twice as plentiful. 2 stars because the people who work there were quite pleasant, helpful, and actually offered me to start a dressing room when they saw me holding 6 hangers! I've never had that kind of service at an Urban. Keep up the good work!
5	Bought my boyfriend a t-shirt he had his eye on!  Decent prices and good quality of clothing!  He is a big fan!  Great housewares too.
4	Score! When I went over Christmas they were having a huge sale. I ended up getting a flannel shirt and two t-shirts for under $100. The prices are high but no more than at any other UO. For some reason I really suck at packing outfits when I go on vacation. I always forget something or end up packing 15 shirt and 2 pair of pants. All of which don't match! I can always find something here for any occasion whether it's something comfortable for a day hiking trip or something a bit more trendy for going out at night.
4	customer serviceI absolutely loved the young women that waited on me in this store! Her name is Ruth and she was friendly, and attentive. She didn't ignore you like so many other stores, and even while waiting on me, she was able to respond to other customers questions as well. I felt like service matter here, not something you see much anymore. It made my vacation so much more! She obviously had an understanding of different body types and how each can be complimented by different styles. Really help me, I can tell you!Go Vegas!!!
3	3.5 stars - great  back-up if you need to pick up a last minute save. Large selection like any typical Urban. Spacious loft upstairs. Late night hours - open until midnight.
3	***This Urban Outfitters (located on the second floor of Mandalay Place) seems very similar to all the other Urban Outfitters locations out there--good selection of casual clothes and quite a few funny gag gifts/books located at the front of the store***Mandalay Place shares a free parking structure with Mandalay Bay (self-parking).
4	Yay for Urban Outfitters! Totally obsessed with this place. They have the cutest hipster/indie trends. Very helpful staff.
3	Don't get me wrong, I love Urban Outfitters, but let's get this out of the way right away: the sales staff doesn't realize how ridiculous they look. There, I said. it. Rake me over the coals if you must. Anyhow, I find it pretty strange that the only two Urbans in the city are at this not-really-mall and the mall-to-make-me-hate-all-malls, Miracle Mile. And this particular one isn't that great on selection. I felt like more floorspace was dedicated to their ironic housewares and gifts collection than that of women's clothing. Considering that most things for women in this store range from $30-60 for a single item, I would think they would want more of that than of mustache iPhone covers and homegrown marijuana cookbooks and instructional manuals. Maybe I'm just growing up and don't find the appeal of Urban Outfitters all that appealing anymore. I guess I'll celebrate my graduation from this phase by going to UO's big sister, Anthropologie, in the District.
5	YAY!  LOVE UO!!  I do like their clothes a lot but my favorite part are the quirky books and t-shirts they sell.  Got my boyfriend hooked on it now too.  We bought some fun stuff while in this shop the other day.  Friendly staff also.
4	Ah, Urban! Wouldn't it be nice to have a shopping spree in this one! This place has so many variations of underground/hipster styles to your regular skate/surf style as well. This is my type of store! The prices are a little hefty but everything is name brand so it is to be expected! I really like this particular store for the staff and environment but the others have been good as well! All in all one of my favorite places to shop!
