3	I heard that this chain of restaurants is related to the overrated P.F. Chang's. Of course, this place is a lot cheaper, especially if you order take-out. I ordered their Soba -Miso Bowl, which were buckwheat noodles with red miso sauce, spinach, shiitake mushroom, cabbage, ginger, garlic, and scallion. It was alright for Americanized Asian food. I probably would not eat here again, unless friends of mine want to. I prefer the authentic stuff. Maybe their Chinese Chicken Salad would be good?
4	Updating my review since 2008 I have enjoyed Pei Wei several times more than 50. I really like the option of their rewards card. I never remember it but I can give them my phone number and they add my purchase. The 10th entree is free. So when you and your friends go every entree counts. Everyone should have the opportunity to enjoy a meal that not going to make you feel like you just tried to eat everything on the menu. However a couple or more could order a verity of dishes and everyone could have a nice taste and leave satisfied. The food was very tasty. It is a little above the rim for fast food but well worth it. This company is owned by PT Chang's; I wonder if I can use my rewards card there?
2	We used to eat here quite often (2-3x per month), and have tried just about everything on the menu.  Lately the dishes have just not been as tasty.  Also, tonight when we went there, the portion sizes actually got smaller.  When 2 people are eating for $18.xx, I expect to have enough food to fill me up.  We are both active people, so we eat a fair amount, but we usually have leftovers unless we share a dish.  On this occasion, I left hungry after we shared 2 dishes.  We asked the server about the portion size and he assured us "everything is weighed".  The part omitted, presumably, was "now we measure out less".  Another diner also complained about portion size while we were there.  This place is emptier every time we visit.  Doubt we'll go back again.  Sorry Pei Wei, seems like you have run your course.
4	Pei Wei is one of the best "fast" food/diner places to eat IMHO.  This place serves all quality Chinese/Japanese favorites in a fraction of the time it would take you at PF Changs.You can get your food to go by using their online order or phone order service.  You can also sit down at a table and enjoy your meal.  They have a few great servers if you have any needs while dining in the restaurant.  Overall, this place is fantastic and I urge everyone to give them a shot.
4	If you like P.F. Changs, you owe it to yourself to visit Pei Wei. Pei Wei is the faster, cheaper little sister of P.F. Changs. The Pei Wei Spicy with chicken  and P.F. Changs Chicken are practically identical.When we decide to have Pei Wei for dinner, nine times out of ten I pick my order up to eat at home. I love the convenience Pei Wei offers for take out. First off, you can order online. I love ordering food online, I never have to worry if the person on the other end of the line heard my order properly.  When I do call in my orders, as soon as I give the Pei Wei employee my phone number, they know what I want to order, as they track past orders. This saves me time, as we almost always order the same dishes. Pei Wei also recently started a repeat customer reward program, where you get a free meal after you buy 10. Makes a good deal even better!I am a big fan of the Lettuce Wraps, the Pei Wei Spicy Chicken Salad, and the fact that they give you a choice of white or brown rice.
4	I know this is a chain Chinese place, but it is very good and quick.  Ive had multiple dishes and all are very tasty.  Iv'e also introduced my friends who I moved here with from Chicago and they enjoy it just as much.  Always made fresh, good tasting, and the people have always been friendly at this location.  Enjoy.
4	I'm the kind of guy who once I find something I like to eat at a particular place, I rarely deviate from it.  So with that in mind, the 3 things that I order are #1 spicy Korean with chicken and white rice,. #2 lo mein noodles with beef. #3 Mongolian beef with fried rice(#3 is my girlfriend's dish, but I like it). I have tried a few other dishes but they are just too salty or too heavily breaded . Loved the convenience of their automated system of remembering my previous orders based on my phone number! They just recently added an online ordering system and a loyalty card where you buy 10 en trees, you get the 11th free. Love the convenience, price, and taste of Pei Wei! I eat there so much a friend's little 4 year old girl calls me Pei Wei.
4	Had the Thai Chicken Coconut Curry with brown rice and it was very tasty. Also try the Mandarin Orange Green Iced Tea. Very clean and fast...
4	Pei Wei is fast, delicious, and great for groups.  Think about it.  The worst part about dining with a bunch of people is the awkwardness of splitting the check.  Here, you pay right when you order.  Everyone can get their own food and you can sit down and enjoy.  That being said, I don't think I've eaten in Pei Wei in a while.  I usually do take-out because they are pretty fast.  My wife loves the Chicken Pad Thai.  It is the only thing she eats at Pei Wei and I have to admit, it is pretty delicious.  The Lettuce Wraps are great as are the Crab Cheese Wontons.  A friend of mine told me to get the Dan Dan Noodles because it would 'change my life'.  Glad I did!  Last night when I called to order they asked if I just wanted to repeat my order from last time.  Now, I understand they used my phone number and it showed my previous order but I still felt like a regular and I felt good about it.
4	This was yummy! I got the chicken chopped salad per the girls recommendation. Also the lettuce chicken wraps and hot n sour soup. The salad was fresh and fabulous, with plenty of won tons and dressing. The chicken wraps were great, and I actually had enough lettuce! It always seems at restaurants there is a lettuce shortage so I was pleasantly surprised.  I wasnt too big on the hot n sour soup, it was kinda gross, but truthfully, I'm not real huge on PF changs hot n sour either. So no harm no foul. It is close to my house and I think I will definitely be back to try some of the yummy dishes. Also, I walked in and ordered togo, it was so fast! :)
3	It's been years since I last set foot in a Pei Wei because honestly the last visit wasn't  a yummy one at all.  I thought the food was too salty and greasy.So one night we had no idea what to eat (imagine that??) and Pei Wei's sign was just brighter than all the rest. I chose Japanese spicy  fried noodles and the BF chose Korean Short Ribs-for an appetizer we got an order of crab wontons.My 3 stars are just for the cream cheese crab wontons-those suckers were gooooood and real crab is used-YUMMMY!!!!I had to return my dish as it had no taste and was not spicy at all. The weird thing was no matter how much soy sauce I added there was still no freakin taste....As a replacement I got Chicken Teriyaki and you know what? That was pretty good-the chicken breast chunks are all fried which added an interesting element to the dish. The BF liked his Korean Short Ribs but we both agreed that the star of the night was the crab cream cheese wontons!!!!The service was great-when I explained that I wasn't happy with my food no questions were asked and without hesitation I was told to pick whatever I wanted instead.
4	I ordered the honey seared crispy chicken.  It was good; it was very good.  But the prices are way too high and the portions make me sad.
4	I really like this place. The atmosphere is comfortable and kind of new age Asian. The food was really good and the service was refreshing. I'm pretty sure this place would have gotten a 3 star if it wasn't for the Hostess/Cashier Maria. She was very nice and went along with our jokes. She also helped me decide what I wanted to eat which was very helpful.
1	I was so disappointed. I live on the other side of Vegas and going to Pei Wei was suppose to be a treat. But the veggies were old and wilted. My middle were mush. I won't be back. We got the pad Thai and orange beef. Both were terrible. The edename and crab wontons were good.
5	Excellent food.   Had honey seared chicken with fried rice.  Always good food everytime.
4	Just had the kung pau chicken!!! delicious and  fast service!!! love this place!!!
4	Good food and super fast service. Even at it's busiest times, you can get in and out pretty quickly. Good for takeout and dine in.Even though this is a chain, it's a great choice for Asian-style food.
4	Oooh Pei Wei, how I've missed you! :( This place blows Panda Express out of the water! The food is scrumptious for semi-fast food, Asian cuisine. One thing is for sure, they have some pretty good quality napkins. :) And they don't even skimp on them like some Asian restaurants. You ask for more napkins, and they give you one more. Bleh!Top picks:Minced Chicken Lettuce WrapsThai Wonton SoupLo Mein Noodles (I like the tangy taste.)Honey Seared ChickenThai Dynamite ChickenCan someone please bring Pei Wei to the Bay Area? Pretty, pretty please?!
3	for a quick and tasty chinese "fast" meal, come to pei wei (a fast food version of pf changs).their food is always consistent.  made to order, fresh, and usually tasty.i've tried a lot on their menu and by far the best is always the mongolian beef (i wouldn't say its your typical mongolian beef - more on the sweeter side) and the lettuce wraps.  actually, i really love the mongolian beef - its the main dish that stands out most to me.  not a huge fan of a lot of the other things like the pad thai, honey seared chicken, thai wonton soup - bleh.prices are reasonable, but can add up with little add ons like soup and egg rolls.  portions are good with each plate being more than enough for one person in my opinion.ambience is really nice.  it doesn't feel like a fast food place.  will always go back if we are passing one by and in the mood for some chinese.
1	I think this is the worst Pei Wei I've been to.  The food was very bland and the whole restaurant was, for a lack of a better word... FILTHY.
2	What has happened to Pei Wei? My wife and like an occasional quick bite to eat and we like to stop by Pei Wei for the good food, good service, nice and friendly ambiance. Everything has gradually lowered to less than McDonalds service, facility, people.To the point, store located at 1311 West Sunset Road, #120, Henderson, Nevada 89014 at 6:44PM on February 9th, 2011. The food smelled appetizing, and we placed our order. So far no problem, my wife proceeded to a table as I went to get straws, drinks, dinner wear like usual, but then no ice, no straws, no oranges, and two forks. I only needed two forks so that was good. I took what I was able to get back to the table and sat for a while, returning to get ice and drinks, still no ice, no straws, no oranges. Back to the table, I wanted to tell someone, I looked around and noticed a lot of discontent in the room, the person behind the cash register was playing with his hand held phone. One of the cooks had a heavy green wool jacket on, (what's with that). Finally the food was on its way, I noticed it as the young lady went to table to table to try to figure out who ordered the plate. Our number was 40, but it wasn't on the order so she had to hunt. We asked for extra sauce on our Mongolian Style, instead we received less. The mushrooms were cold. It has to be the management, the others in town are really top notch.
1	unfinished dinner, by choice.  money not wisely spent. I am not a big fan of franchised or chain restaurants, and it's been a long while since I stepped foot on one of them, especially the ones that claim to be "authentic exotic so and so cuisine".  For me, they're all Americanized and bastardized cheap versions of the originals.  This is my first time at Pei Wei's. True enough, looks can be deceiving.  The interior and set up will make you feel you're dining at a fine or upscale Chinese gastro venue.  I went in, stopped by the cashier and ordered my food.  The food came and after the first bite, I realized the exact damn reason why I've never been to and tried Pei Wei's before. The soup was uber peppery hot and ultra vinegary sour, and texturally and un-appetizingly slimy.  There were few chunks of tofu, occasional ground meat, few strands of bamboo shoots all mixed up in what seemed to be originally egg drop soup but colored with dark soy sauce.  There was not a taste or even a hint of the earthiness of either straw or rat's ears' mushrooms.  Out of the whole bowl, I consumed half a cup.  Bleh!The Mongolian Chicken Dinner was a disappointment,...at best! It came with a serving of brown rice.   It tasted more like a Sweet and Sour Chicken sans red food coloring, pineapple and red/yellow peppers. In place of the peppers and pineapple chunks were quartered button mushroom and scallions simply cut in half, and again possibly colored by dark soy sauce.   The sauce was watery and the chicken meat's texture was suspiciously weird.  It didn't taste like chicken at all. It was silky soft and didn't need chewing and felt like it melted in my mouth.  It actually made me wonder if it was chicken.  Scary thought!Need I say more?
4	Chinese / Thai food in Vegas has not been good for my family and I. We've tried local places here in Henderson only to be disappointed again and again. Peiwei is the only place we've kept going back to because at least being a chain, they offer a consistent level of quality and you know what you're going to get. And until I get advice from the Yelp community on local places to check out, this will hold me over. Honey Seared Chicken with Fried Rice and Kung Pao Chicken always seem to wind up on the online ordering check list. Just tonight I tried their Thai Basil Chicken which was very good. My 2 year old likes the Kids LoMein as well. When you place an online order you can pay in advance, saving you a hassle when you get there. They also quote you a time for pickup online, and they have never missed it. Parking at this location can be tight. And the space to stand inside to pick up your order can get filled up during prime time like it was this evening. I don't always order appetizers from here. I like the potstickers / Gyoza at Teriyaki Madness so I will drive over there and pick some up before taking it all home. Service is always friendly, the containers are strong and hold up for carry out quite well, and with large orders they know how to pack to go bags high and tight making carryout easy. Since Yelp's check-in feature seems to be having issues this is based on a visit to this location at 5:35 pm on 03/29/12.
4	Pei Wei is fitting for the diner longing for a meal between fast food and casual dining. Their $6.25 low fare menu plus a drink will bring the cost of a meal to around $9.75 before a tip. That is what I expect to pay.    Pei Wei does not serve ordinary Chinese food. They serve food from China, Japan, Thailand, Korea, and Vietnam. In my case I was unfamiliar with the menu items, excluding rice and won ton soup. Ordering was trial and error.   Their Low Fare dinner selects menu, starting at $6.25 makes me a fan. It includes an entree, side, and white or steamed rice. The entree choices are Kung Pao, Pei Wei Spicy (chicken or vegetable and tufu is $6.25, steak is $6.75, and shrimp is $7.25), Teriyaki Honey Seared, and Mongolian. The side choices are a spring roll, cup of soup, or Asian slaw.  I was satisfied with the chicken Pei Wei. It was quality that I expect from their parent company P.F. Chengs. And the won ton soup is delicious.   If this is your first time at Pei Wei Asian Diner, you will order off a menu up front at the time that you pay. They will give you a number and glass if you are drinking a beverage (they also have tea). A server will bring your food to your table. Sit back and enjoy your food.
4	Delicioso!! This was the 1st time I had been to this location & 1st time my husband had ever had Pei Wei. This location is much bigger & brighter than the one on Eastern. I like it.My fave dish is Kung Pao chx ordered extra spicey :) yes they can do that. wonton soup is yummy too.. lett wraps very flavorful, not too big of a fan of their fried rice. Taste like too much soy sauce.LOVE the fresh veggies used in each dish.Will choose Pei Wei for chinese every time :)
3	As the discount little brother of PF Changs I think they do a pretty good job on getting a few meal choices out to the table hot in a timely manner.Although since the expansion of their menu and addition of about 15 new items I feel quality has suffered. (The Thai cream coconut sauce is like cream O mushroom soup from a can)But as stated above the expectation should be of that inline with Panda Express as the price range is fairly close to that mark.The higher percentage of their rice and noodle bowls are a good value and are served hot and fast. They have some kids items now as well.Its decent Asian "fast" cuisine and they do have some healthy options which rewards them an additional star.Just set your expectations accordingly and PW will be a good lunch dining experience.
4	My daughter loves the honey chicken. Wish there were some healthier options.
3	Westernized Asian  food with a bit of a modern american spin. That is my impression of Pei Wei Asian Diner. The food is certainly tasty enough, and has earned my business on several occasions. If you're like me and like to know what type of asian food you're eating, this is "pan-asian", although it largely resembles amercanized chinese food reinterpreted in much the same way taco-bell is a dramatic reinterpretation of Mexican food-- which is to say that it isn't authentic at all but it isn't necessarily bad. A previous reviewer described them as "the discount little brother of PF Changs". I would absolutely agree-- your food will come out a bit faster and is probably a little bit lighter in portion size than at Changs.I've had several dishes including various combinations of crispy noodles, sweet sauce, spicy vegetables and so on. I once had a sweet and sour chicken salad that was interesting. It's the sort of place you might find yourself craving at the end of a long day of studying. You can always call ahead and pick it up to go. Dining there isn't particularly enjoyable-- service is ok. My problem, as a moderate food snob, is that if I am craving excellent korean bbq or real thai curry, I know that I simply cannot find that here. If you want the real thing and nothing else will do, then this place will not do. That's not to say that I am against this establishment-- it's perfectly good food that has a certain flavor to it that is not replicated by the authentic places. After all, if you are craving Pizza Hut, it's not traditional neopolitan pizza that you want-- it's frickin Pizza Hut you want. So come here if you wish, try em out-- you might become a Pei Wei fan, which would be convenient because you can find this chain all over the country.
1	Had dinner here last night. It's was ok. Not what I expected. Semi cafeteria type service.
2	First, let me say I love me some Pei Wei. I highly recommend the Dan Dan Noodles and Boyfriend likes the Teriyaki Rice Bowl. Technically, I believe each container has two servings in it, so you're getting a good amount of food, which is excellent, since it's pretty darn cheap. Also, online ordering is my favorite.Now, I had never been to this particular location before (I frequent the one on Eastern, which is awesome), but we had an errand to run in the area, so I ordered online to pick up at this location. I arrived 5 minutes early and gave the girl at the counter my name. She said it would be just a minute. I ended up waiting 20 minutes, watched not one, but two walk-in customers order and RECEIVE their food and saw another person pick up their online order. Apparently, since I was sitting down next to the door, the counter girl thought I left. I stood up and see my food sitting behind the register. I saw her make the connection and asked her how long the food had been sitting there. She apologized, kinda, and sent me on my way. Who knows how long I'd have been waiting had I not gotten her attention.Seems to me that a restaurant should be committed to getting customers their food when they say they will. I'll be sure to avoid this location in the future and I recommend you do the same.
4	If you've ever eaten at a PF Changs, then the best way to describe this place is a Mini PF Changs with a hint of Pick Up Stix.  Most call this place your Fast Food PF Changs.  The obvious difference compared to a PF Changs, is the price, portions, and selections.  But the food taste similar.  -Lettuce Wraps:  Never been a favorite of mine, but always a favorite with most.  -Orange Peel Chicken:  This is basically the only thing I get here.  I usually get it with brown rice.  The sauce is heavy and is the reason I ask for it on the side.  You can also ask to cut down a bit on the sauce. -Fried Wontons:  Just like a Pick Up Stix.This restaurant can get a bit busy during lunch time on the weekdays.  Pretty dead on the weekends each time I visited.  Service is good and your food is brought to your table. Never a bad feel from either the food or their service.  Yah! I'm a fan.
3	Not a huge selection but what they do have, they do well. Pei Wei is just a fancy Panda Express. The food is much better but the prices are triple what you would pay at a fast food place. If you're in the mood for decent Chinese food and don't have the time to spend in a Chinese restaurant, Pei Wei is the place to go. Good food but a bit on the pricy side.
3	been here in a longggggggggggggggggg time!This is a nice place to go eat, if you want to eat out and not spend a lot of money.  A lot of there dishes are between $6.95 to $9.95  I think all of them have some veggies in them, so your meat, rice or chow mein and your meat.  I I'm trying to watch my waisteline, so I only ate 1/3 of mine, and I also got some edemame.'pretty quiet here, no music playing, not a lot of people, so it was very nice.  I would recommend this Pei Wei.  It's better than fast food.
3	I constantly hear that this place is similar to PF Changs. I disagree, I think this food is average at best. Its not the worst food I have ever eaten but is far from the best. I had the orange peel chicken with brown rice, The rice tasted a little overdone and the chicken was mediocre. This place sums up another average Asian place.
4	Pei Wei falls into the "you know what you're going to get" section of my dining life. It is good, quick, tasty food at a reasonable price. It is a great place to grab a quick meal. Speaking of quick, sometimes my food comes out to my table before I am done getting myself a self serve drink. They don't waste any time. I am particularly fond of their noodle dishes recently which come in a huge bowl and are usually enough for two meals for me.
3	If you can't afford Pei Wei's big brother P.F. Chang's, but still want similar food, then you're at the right place. I always order cream cheese wontons, Diner Select Mongolian beef with fried rice and a drink. For the entree and a drink, expect to pay around $10/pp. It's not horribly expensive, yet it's not fast food cheap. The wontons are always consistent and good. Lately the Mongolian beef comes out SO dang salty that I have to return it to the kitchen for a re-do. Of course it's perfect the second time around but it's annoying when I have to wait for my new dish. The fried rice is always decent, no complaints there. The restaurant is tidy and the bussers are on top of cleaning up the tables. The soda fountain & tea is self-service so you can go up and get unlimited refills. If you ask nicely the cashier will even give you a cup to-go if you so desire. The chili and mustard sauce, fortune cookies, silverware and to-go containers are all located in this area. I go here for take out a lot. Call in at least 15 minutes ahead of your arrival and they'll have your order ready to go- including chopsticks, soy sauce, fortune cookies, etc.Sign-up for Pei Wei's online email club. You'll receive discounts and some free goodies on your birthday.
4	Pei wei! The closes thing to thai I can get my husband to eat. We get the same thing all the time, everytime=pad thai with tofu. It comes out in a HUGE steaming bowl of deliciousness. You dress it up how you like (hot sauce, lime etc all available on the side next to the soda machine). And finish off the meal for under 7 each. Though, it usually becomes my lunch for the next day too. Servings are HUGEThe service is courteous and prompt....Ill be back
4	A cross between PF CHANGS and that panda place, Pei Wei is PF Chang's casual dining. With many of the same or similar items including those awesome lettuce wraps, Pei Wei is perfect for those who want the PF Changs feel at a much lower price.  The portions are similarly sized and they have the trademark mustard and spicy red sauce for mixing.  The menu is a bit more limited and most of the more creative dishes are left off the menu but the food is good and the service was quick.I would like it a little better if the seating was more comfortable.  Also, only some of the tables had napkins.  Further, you have to get your own silverware which always creeps me out a bit as I don't know who touched them before I did.  So I opted for the wrapped chop sticks :)
2	Yawn.... This place used to be amazing. Now over priced like PF Changs. Won't be back.
2	Normally I like Pei Wei (it's the predictable "faster food" second channel of PF Chang, and the recipes are fresh, flavorful and fast.)  Unfortunately, this location kind of sucks.  Most of the tables in the place were either dirty or had been left half-bussed.  Clean plates and napkins weren't on the tables ready to go like they usually are at Pei Weis.  And my dinner companion for some reason got an entree that was about half the size of everyone else's.  Overall we just got the feeling it wasn't well managed.  Unless this location is within walking distance of your place, try the one on South Eastern Avenue going into Anthem - it's always clean and efficient.
4	Just ate at this Pei Wei location for the first time tonight and I was impressed! Was spotless, service was prompt and the food was flavorful and fresh. No need to go into details as its all been stated below and most people know what they will get on the menu at a Pei Wei. It's PF Changs faster, cheaper and more casual sibling. I love the spicy Thai chicken wraps & the caramel chicken signature dish. The caramel chicken is spicy and reminds me of the classic General Tso plate at Chinese restaurants. The crab dumplings are also delicious as are the pork egg rolls. I also like the Asian beer selection. The manager at this location is doing a great job. The place was busy, the phone was ringing off the hook and the line was 5 - 6 deep most of the time and yet they still pumped out some damn good food with attentive service. Will stop back when I am on this side of town.
4	Ok let's start out with complete honesty.. I had no intentions of dining at Pei Wei's Asian diner. I was realllly in the mood for Chipotle but..  walking inside the place was like running head first into a mashpit of teenaged kids and people everywhere.    I hate lines....but honestly who doesn't So on to Pei Wei, As I walked in I was slightly confused. Nobody was there to great you or really inform you what to do. Luckily bright menus and and well places signs easily show you the yellow brick road to the dine in desk!Once I figured out that chicken lo mein was on the menu it was no question... And who am I to say no to a side of chicken egg rolls! My bill was about $10 which is solid in my opinion for a dinner with a side!My egg rolls came out 1st, the mustard was good but I like my mine very spicy so I immediately asked for some chile paste  and all was right in the world! The egg rolls had a great crunch and almost tasted like the Thai dish Pia thai (spelling don't judge me on on my phone) I loved them! For these alone I would toss out 4 stars !!!Then my lo mien chicken came out shorty after and wow! The array of mushrooms and the chicken cooked to perfection was simply amazing!  It had such A great taste and texture I had no choice but to finish it all! Over all I will be going back to Pei Wei's the egg rolls were amazing and It will be hard to try something new because bothe my orders were great!
5	This place is so good I went by here a couple times but I never been inside and then I read the reviews and it said if you like PF change you would like this place and PF change is okay but you have to really know what to order.. So I pretty much read the reviews  and then I decided on getting something else I didn't even go to his place but then yesterday I was like let me just go and just see for myself  "OMG" I am so glad I went the food is so fresh!! Way better than Panda Express and the fried rice is so good I will be back this was a good place a good choice try it out if you like panda express you would love this place!! Fresh food order it and they will cook it The food is not sit in trays this to be warmed up by water and heat this food is prepared and fresh!!
3	This was my first Pei Wei experience, and was a spontaneous choice. The location was clean but the tables did not have plates or napkins. This is cafeteria-style dining with above cafeteria quality food (ie: Panda Express). The food was good and fast, but look at the menu before going to this location. I would go back to try the noodles (they looked good). Not a destination dining choice in my opinion, but good none the less.
2	Well, this will teach me to check here first - 3 stars? I probably would have chosen a different place to have lunch. This is my first Pei Wei experience, and even before the food gets here, I know I won't be back, at least, not to this location. The man taking my order at the counter was just downright rude when I asked about the spiciness of the pad thai. I thought it was a reasonable question, one I've asked a gazillion times in a bazillon restaurants. He launched into a tirade about not knowing other people's taste buds, the spiciness not being adjustable, etc. and I finally had to cut him off with "I gotcha" just to shut him up. Rude, rude, rude. Not acceptable to me. I'm really hoping the food is good. At least, there's that. And yes, I ordered the pad thai. For now, they get 2 stars because it smells good in here. I'll update the review after I've eaten.Updated review of food: fairly tasty, ingredients fresh, slices of tofu kind of weird (I eat a lot of tofu but have never had this kind with with dark edges), sauce much oilier than other pad thais I've had, and my taste buds would call it medium spicy. Would I order it again? Probably not - too much oil for my liking. I might try something else on the menu but as I already mentioned, not at this location.Keeping the 2 stars.
1	Great location and pretty close to my house. I am used to going to one in Arizona that will always get a four or five star rating from me, but using that logic doesn't usually pan out.So, I ordered the pad Thai with chicken. Noodles were undercooked, chicken was fine. I took out all the chicken myself and asked for another plate of noodles because they were under. Cashier/person at the register was apologetic. 10 minutes later, came the second batch. . . Exactly the same. At this point I just gave up and left. There were so many employees running around;  obviously no method to their madness. I will not be going back.
2	I went here for lunch today expecting a pleasant stay. But when I walked in, the ambiance was kind of depressing. The waitresses/ waiters didn't seem happy to be there. At all. The food was pretty good. But the wait for the food was terrible. I waited for 25 minutes for food while people around us (who came about 15-20 minutes after us) were being served. Personally, I wouldn't come back. I have experienced better at the Pei Wei off of West Charleston. Being a regular there, I see much more pleasant employees, ones who ask how your day is going and makes sure if what you ordered is up to your expectations. I don't enjoy giving negative reviews, but this is how I truly feel. Thank you.
4	Delicious!!! Same owners as pf changs but w half the cost! Everything was to die for! Even their soda machine was awesome,, it's had over 80 options! Great yesterday and great prices. Great for lunch or quick dinner.
4	We first had Pei Wei in Miami, I was surprised to see it here, but was glad they finally made it to the valley. The food served beats anything from Panda express, the chicken is always cooked perfectly, all in all a good chinese fast food place.
5	Why do people go down to Spring Mountain to eat Asian stuff down there?? This stuff kicks that craps ass!!!  It might be more Americanized but its a hell of a lot better. I had the Chili and Lime Shrimp and it was delicious. Best "Asian Inspired" meal I've had in awhile.
2	First time experiencing Pei Wei.  Found it to be overpriced and underwhelming.  Everything was just this side of overcooked, not particularly special, not particularly appetizing.  Won't be returning.
5	Had another wonderful encounter here.  Never had a bad one!  The place has always been spotlessly clean.  Management sees the customer trends and adapts accordingly.  For instance there are now smaller portions to the entrees and the new Coca-Cola soda machines with the billion+ flavor combos.  I ordered just the 2-piece crab wontons (stuffed with the good crab and lots of it!) and a small Mongolian Beef.  One of the best Mongolian sauces I've had!  I noticed they don't have fortune cookies out at the condiment station but I can only assume that would be due to selfish customers grabbing 1 for each person in their entire extended family.Great place, I ALWAYS recommend this as the cheaper alternative to P.F. Chang's but with the same quality food!
5	As always no disappointments. The food is amazing and very tasty and fresh. My family loves this place , it's our favorite
4	Frankly I love this place it is all about fresh and quick in and out! The orange chicken is my fav here but Kung pao is pretty darned tempting too!
2	We usually love to come here for a tasty low key family meal. We have not been in in a few weeks and are sadly surprised with both the menu changes and flavor of our favorite dishes.My Dandan noodles were oddly tasteless and had none of the usual spice to them. The Mongolian beef, chicken teriyaki and lettuce wraps were equally disappointing. The chicken in the teriyaki bowl resembled the flavor Mc Donalds nuggets with some sauce dumped on it.The Mongolian beef was overly sweet and the sauces for both the dandan noodles and lettuce wraps almost tasted watered down. Please bring back the flavors we love.
4	This is my first time trying this place.  Love it. I use don't care for Asian food, but I will definitely be coming back.
5	Fast great food. Amazing friendly staff. Delicious cookies! Will return and recommend.
4	This place is really fresh. I ordered teriyaki steak with fried rice and every ingredient on the rice was 100% fresh. It tasted amazing. I also had ordered mango California rolls and they were great as well. The only issue I had was upon entering the cashier wasn't really helpful for a first timer like myself. We had to figure the menu out ourselves. Other than that, I would recommend this place.
5	I love this location but the parking is sparse. The food is always fresh, the staff is attentive and nice. They have plenty of seating but I usually take mine to go. There's a separate door and parking for to go orders and they're very quick with your order. The menu always has new items so it's worth checking in once in a while. You can also place your order online to speed it up in a pinch!
4	One of my favorite Asian franchise restaurants. The prices are very reasonable and the serving size is very good for the price. The only negative thing I can report is I love the pad Thai and Mongolian beef dishes so much I can't force myself to try any other dishes. I normally rotate between the two dishes and grab a side of combo fried rice.
5	I called in an order after leaving a near by tanning salon. I arrived earlier than my estimated pick up time by 15 minutes. Instead of making me wait, they got my order together right away. Very fast, friendly service. I've never been disappointed with their food. They are consistent with the quality and quantity every single time I eat here.
4	I haven't been here for so long and was craving some Asian inspired dishes. I ordered my favorite, the Mongolian beef with brown rice. Just as I remembered it, very flavorful and a decent portion. They now have sushi as an appetizer but it wasn't that great. I wasn't expecting it to be so I was not that disappointed.  I tried some of my wife's honey glazed chicken. It was pretty good, tasting similar to sweet and sour chicken. Our food was brought out in a timely manner by the very friendly and personable server, can't wait to go back.
4	Pei Wei is one of my weekday lunch time hot spots. The staff is always friendly - automatic three stars. The food is good, just what you'd expect from a restaurant like this, but not amazing. The missing star is because of taste. Each dish could use just a little more umph in the flavor.
4	Great food. Very fast fresh food! We arrived here after a long drive and the food was definitely worth it!
5	For half the price I'll mix my own sauce. I was introduced to this place 2 years ago, been a fan ever since. Big portion's of your pf favorites for a great price. Food is always fresh and tasty. Management and staff are always polite and keep the place clean. For the same price as the heat lamped crud at panda you could have a dish that'd freshly prepared.
3	I bought two egg rolls here and I'm not impressed with paying $4 for them maybe I'm cheap they were quite small.
4	Oh man do I love the new sushi rolls!! The mango roll, the cali roll, and the tuna roll are super yummy. Also, the crab/cream cheese wontons are super delish and I love the pad thai.
5	Was looking for Won Ton Soup, specifically, and came upon this place. I am honestly leary of most Chinese places on Spring Mountain here as I watch 'Dirty Dining' on the news and a lot of repeat offenders end up there...Nevertheless, I will say I was pleasantly surprised w/Pei Wei.  They are seemingly healthy with how they cook their food (soy bean oil) and in the taste (ginger in the spring rolls...a PLUS), I noticed it's pretty 'clean'. No heavy oils or starch, for example...and a lot less salt than Miso, for example. For fairly cheap prices and more natural flavor, you really can't go wrong.  Ps:Very clean restaurant.
3	Pei Wei on Sunset is a quick-service type Restaraunt that now serves a limited amount of sushi rolls. I ordered the Thai wonton soup, the mango sushi roll, and some Mongolian chicken. The Thai wonton soup is always good, full of flavor, and the dumplings are quite tasty. The mango sushi roll left little to be desired. It did not taste fresh, and the soy sauce-mix (maybe citrus soy sauce?) was a little like the mystery meat for lunch on Wednesdays in elementary school. The Mongolian chicken was good though.All in all - three stars. Not the best, but not too bad. The service was polite and quick, and they offered to get us extra plates even though they were in an area where I could have easily retrieved them.
