5	I heard the burgers here were good, so I figured I'd check it out. After sitting at my table for well over twenty minutes without a word from my server, I decided to go up to the counter to see what was wrong. The girl at the counter was nice enough and offered to take my order immediately while I was standing there. I appreciated that, but the girl still seemed very rushed and my order was very transactional.I ordered the cheeseburger and I was shocked by how small it was. I guess it tasted okay, but overall it was very average and lackluster with a plain bun and a slice of boring American cheese. I felt like I could have gotten a hamburger like this on any other street in any other town. In addition, not once did the girl come around to see if we needed a refill on our drinks. After waiting well over an hour for the girl to offer a dessert or cup of coffee, we just left. Good thing, as I heard the coffee they serve there is so hot that if you pour it all over your lap, you will actually get burned.As for ambience, the one thing I did like was the large family portrait on the wall. I was definitely impressed by the fact that there seemed to be an elected official in the family, but then I read that his last name was not McDonald, but instead McCheese and I couldn't help but think that he was not even related and instead only added for fluff. Even more important than that (and please note that I am all for trying to rehabilitate convicts), but if you have a family member who has been through the prison system, please at least put them in some different clothes before you take a family photo.I still gave McDonald's five stars because I think it's important to support small businesses, but Mr. McDonald had better clean up his act if he has any true aspirations of making it in this business.
1	we rarely have McDonalds and made a big mistake by going to this McDonalds when we arrived in Phoenix late night 3/23/2013 .   The staff is rude, they messed up the order and the food was cold.  The order was packed with the fries sideways and falling out and the bread was hard and stale.  The food was so bad we wound up throwing most of it away.    The wanna-be gangsta working the window wasn't happy when we pointed out their mistake.   The owner of this McDonalds should find some people who care a bit about their job...  the 2 people their on 3/23 could care less!
1	Worst  mcdonalds ever,  0 stars if that would be possible , I went today 10/8/2013 and asked for extra MnMs on my McFlurry and got literally only 5 MnMs on it , worst  service ever , how disrespectful , I hope they close down , i work hard for my money and i expect the best McFlurry every time , not 5 pieces of MnMs and vanilla ice cream , SMH FAM
