5	If I could give 6 stars, I would.  The guys at DNA are outstanding- friendly, professional, highly competent, and very informative. I didn't buy my bike from them, but I will never take it to another shop in town for service. Ted can take anything you bring in and make it ride like new!I've have 5 friends buy new bikes there and their experiences have all been similar to mine.
5	The best bike shop I have patronized in Scottsdale. I recently bought a Specialized Roubaix Comp Compact here and was delighted with the experience. They have a very knowledgeable, courteous, patient staff (e.g., Jan and Steven to name two).  They go out of their way to make you feel welcome and are always willing to explain nuances of equipment and help you make the right choices.  Often, they even go out of their way to give you very good money saving advice. This shop is a refreshing change from the typical bike shops in Scottsdale that are downright condescending and snobby.  This place is a good example of how merchants must treat customers.  I cannot sing the praises of this store enough.
5	Big fan of DNA. Most local bike shops seem to think they have to be rude in order to get people's business.  That LBS mentality is slowly dying, but it is dead at DNA. They are a Specialized Dealer, so that needs to be what you are in the market for, but they have great stuff and great people.
5	I work near the Scottsdale DNA store and our Company is partaking in the Tour de Cure diabetes ride in March.  With that said, I went into DNA to see if they would be willing to donate some water bottles, etc. to our team.  Without hesitation, Jon (pronounced "yawn", and 'no' I do not work there even though our names are spelled the same way), Les, and the owner Don worked with me to figure out what they could/could not do. They did not have to as I was not buying a bike or anything else for that matter...  Nonetheless, they heard me out and went out of their way to make sure I had water bottles for my team and they even threw in some additional bike "s.w.a.g" to give out to the highest fundraiser.  Bottom line, these guys are cool, generous, and selflessly took time to work with me.  As a result, I will most likely be buying my next ride at DNA.
1	So I bought a new bike from DNA one week ago which I payed $650 for. I got two flats the same day not riding the bike hard at all. I bring the bike back and say hey can you help me out. Well I end up getting charged a extra $50 dollars for tubes. I understand they are in the business of making money but c'mon don't think you could take care of me on this first problem! Not only will I not be going back, but I will make sure to tell anyone I ride with what had happened and to not use those guys. Great relationship building DNA and now you have one more person out there to say you suck, cheers.
4	The guys here are very knowledgeable and helpful. I've never experienced attitude or rudeness and have been in the store waiting for some minor service and seen many people come and go and all were treated quickly and with a friendly attitude. I bought my tri bike from this shop and my mountain bikes from another DNA cycle shop. They don't try to upsell you and fits they do on the new bikes are awesome. I had a couple of items I ordered and they were there in just a couple of days. This is a great shop.
5	I wanted to say kudos to Jan and his team at the store..Jewel and Leslie. The staff at the store go above and beyond the call of duty ALWAYS. It is such a pleasure to deal with them. They are courteous to a fault. I recently purchased a cycling computer..Garmin Edge 500 from DNA. I had some trouble with  its calibration. I called the store and spoke to Jan about it. He recommended that I bring in the computer to the store. I fixed it by myself and it worked fine so I did not go to the store. However Jan remembered about it and asked Leslie to call and check the next day....this despite it being an off day for Jan. I cannot say that I have seen such service elsewhere. I am glad that I bought my bike from them. I will continue to give them my business. I surely hope you do the same if you enjoy a higher quality of service.
5	Love this shop... They use my name every time I go in there, have helped me out on several occasions with small repairs when I have just walked in and when I took my bike in there for a tune-up they made it sparkle.  Bottom line, the whole team is incredibly helpful and a pleasure to do business with.
5	Awesome shop.  I have purchased 3 bikes there, and have referred several friends as well.  The friendly and knowledgeable staff is patient and thoroughly looks at your needs to get in you in the right bike.   From serious triathletes to entry level cyclists they take great care of their customers.   I have never had an issue with service, and they are genuinely concerned about your satisfaction.
5	There recently was a management change and there was definitely an adjustment, but to my surprise its been getting better and better.  The mechanics just did a very complicated setup on my tri bike (utilizing osymetric rings and the equipment already installed on my bike).  DNA is my go to place for anything with cycling.  Everyone there is extremely nice and knowledgable.
4	I took a chance with DNA since they were close to my work and I needed some work done before I went out to SF for AIDS/LifeCycle. I figured that they would be more accommodating than Landis, since Landis can be busy and I needed rush work. (I procrastinate a lot.) I wasn't wrong and they were able to fit everything I needed in on schedule. They were also able to squeeze in a fitting with Jon. I was open to suggestions but I didn't think I was sized badly, boy was I wrong. Let's just say I have knees made of iron because I should have blown them out with how low my seat was. At least this explains why doing a 1.4 mile hill at 11% grade was harder than expected. I got hooked up with a new post and seat, and my clips were adjusted. This was my second year doing the 545 mile ride, and with my new fit this year I was flying up those hills like they were nothing. Woot!
5	This place is awesome.  I have been racing road bikes and doing triathlons since I was 14 and I am now 23 so I have been around bikes for quite some time now.  I am a Category 3 Road on USAC in California and I also raced Collegiate Category A for UCSD.  The guys at DNA Cycle are very helpful and understand what needs to be done and how to do it properly.  I have a Sram Red Quarq power meter that stopped working and needed to be sent in to Sram Headquarters.  The guys at DNA Cycle took the crank off, put it in a box, and had me on my way.  I would definitely recommend this place especially to any one who has a Specialized bicycle.
4	Awesome Customer Service and fair pricing!
5	Let me start out by saying I know ZERO about bikes. I just moved here and I've seen a ton of riders so its sparked my interest. I walked in here today and told one of the employees this and he answered all of my questions. We talked for 30 minutes and I told him from the start I wasn't buying anything today and he still answered everything I asked. I also found out they don't work off of commission so they're not constantly harassing you to buy. For this reason, I will go back and I will buy a bike later this week. If you're a first time rider don't be intimidated, these guys are looking to help. Also, your first year tuneups are free.
1	Arrogance and attitude do not make a good business model.  After five visits over the past year or so, we will not return.
5	I have a bike shop 5 mins from my house, but drive 30 mins to DNA Cycles in Scottsdale.  The guys are very helpful and have taken good care of me and my bikes.  They turn around maintenance and repairs quickly to keep me on the trails, which is a huge benefit. In the past 12 months I've bought 2 Specialized MTB from them, one around $2,000 and the other closer to $5,000.  So it's definitely what I expect when buying higher end bikes.I would like to see more of a selection with clothing. Also, I think it would be helpful to get an overview of the bike when you buy it. How to do certain regular things like remove the tire.  There are easy ways to do things and hard ways... it would be nice to see it done first there.I think prices are reasonable and service is great.  Another opportunity is to coordinate some group MTB rides from the shop.Some day I'll get the Epic S-Works :)
1	Came in about a month ago and (who I believe to be the manager) Craig attempted to help me and failed miserably. I came in wanting to start riding and had tons of questions and I left more pissed off and confused then when I walked in. He has zero knowledge of the business and if he does he just wasn't paying attention to me and could have cared less to help me. For a new customer you think that would be all over a big sale but not here. refuse to return unless under new management and owners. I cant recommend this place.
5	My wife and I both bought bikes from this shop. I think some of the sales guys are better than others.  Both bikes are under warranty so everything maintenance related (not parts) are covered in the first year. I like that they take the time to go the extra mile when doing a tune up as was proof when they repacked my bottom bracket and headset after running it through a ton of rain and mud.I don't know if the level of bike you get gives you more attention...  I love the Specialized brand of gear and bikes so I'll drive the 40 min each way for parts/service. I wish the shop did more organized MTB rides.  Also, one other improvement would be to run through a few "How-Tos" when you buy a $5k bike.  Some of it is easy, but some would be much simpler with a 2 min tutorial. Honestly, won't go or bring my bike anywhere else.
5	Friendly service, one fellow named David very knowledgeable about local mtb trails.  Will be my go to cycle resource in the Phoenix area.
