1	Well....I got sucked in. I already dislike Domino's to begin with...But I have been seeing all those commercials where they are bagging on themselves and saying how the pizza is completely new and improved. Well that's a load of Horse $h!t. We ordered a pizza last night because I am a bad wife and haven't gone grocery shopping. I say to the hubs, hey lets give it a shot. He moans in disgust. I say, well they say its completely new and improved, lets just try it out. We ordered on line. That was really cool. You can follow your order in the shop while they are making it. We even knew our delivery drivers name before he got to our door because the update told us his name and that he just left. That's rad...I would give Domino's a 3 just on this alone! We ordered their new pizza with the special crust and then new fancy sauce. Kept it simple and just got pepperoni on it. We also got an order of cheese bread sticks and some of there boneless chicken kicker things. The chicken kickers were tasty. I really liked the dipping sauce. The cheese bread was yummy as well! The new fan-dangled pizza....HOLY GROSS!!! Same old Domino's people... Do not get sucked into the hype of that dumb commercial. The commercial should go more like: Hey we have been getting complaints that our pizza sucks. So we changed it up and guess what PIZZA STILL SUCKS! Our cat that always begs for food didn't even come around asking for pizza. That's pretty bad, that cat will eat anything! In fact, from now on, any take out we get will have a Tuki (our cat) rating on it. Tuki gives this zero stars, as he didn't even want it near him.
1	Holy Atomic Pile of Sh!t Batman!!!!This stuff sucks.... Like the previous reviewer I got sucked in by the commercials. Plus they were the only ones open at 9:50PM for delivery. Else we would have done Barro's Pizza, which by the way is awesome!Yes the website makes the process look cool but it is 2010 and I know high school kids with flashplayer skills that can do the same thing.On to the food review!We ordered a thin crust cali bacon chicken ranch pizza with mild chicken wings, cheesy bread, and that chocolate crunch cake thingy. The Pizza and Bread... Tasted like they put tons of salt on it. I was hoping that the additional green peppers, onioins, and mushroom would give it some flavor but I would not  have noticed they were there if I did not order it. The crust was all right but how do you screw up a thin-crust? Let's not hold them to that though...The cheesy bread was cheesy, crappy, and salty all rolled into one. The chicken wings were not as cooked as I would have liked which made it even more gross.  There was a lot of skin on them. GROSS GROSS GROSS!!!  I am not sure what kind of sauce they put on it but it looked like watered down ketchup and it just looked plain nasty. It did not look appetizing at all! On a normal day I can throw down a double order of wings with no problem but with this I only ate 2 pieces and said to myself "what a waste of money." The chocolate crunchy thing tasted okay but it was very sweet. I might be diabetic now because of it. Next time it's late and no one is open for delivery then I will either starve or get my lazy as up and drive somewhere that is open. Considering In-n-Out and Denny's is right down the street from me I definitely wasted my money. If you enjoy wasting money on pooh then by all mean go for it.I would give this place negative stars if I could.
