4	Called from far away to order flowers for a funeral.  I was able to pick the arrangement from their website.  I only took a star off due to their high prices.  Kathy was great on the phone.  Delivery was on-time and the arrangement was perfect.
1	Today was my anniversary. I called this morning for a delivery of flowers, explaining that my girlfriend leaves work at 3 and I wanted her to experience the moment at work for a while before she had to leave. The delivery came exactly at 3, despite the fact that they are literally across the street. The cost was just short of $100 and the offered me $10 off for failing to deliver it on time. I will never use their services again, not for these prices.
1	Absolutely rude staff, unhelpful and seemed irritated by three questions. My order was small, plain and honestly quite unappealing. I was embarrassed when I saw it. I will never order from them again. To spend $30.00 for an undecorated, 1 carnation wrist corsage is absurd. I could have made that myself for $3.00.
1	The worst company to deal with. Ordered $225 Valentine bouquet to be deliveredThey never delivered .  My loved one was devastated that I ignored her, not my fault theirs
5	I recently ordered flowers for my Mom for her birthday, the day before Valentine's Day - from the Tiger Lily on Rainbow.  I asked for peonies and tulips.  When I saw the flowers 2 days later, the peonies were almost dead.  I contacted Tiger Lily and they apologized profusely.  They also said they would send her a new arrangement, but it would take a few days because they were completely cleaned out to Valentine's Day, which I totally understand.  They called me again yesterday and told me they had spoken to my Mom, asked her what kind of flowers she liked and that they would send an arrangement today.  They did just that and the flowers are amazing and beautiful!  What great customer service!  I will definitely order from them in the future and recommend them to everyone that I know.
5	They've always been great for me--friendly, on time, and keep my info on file for ease of repeat business!
1	To my delight, I received a butterfly bouquet from my son this past Friday for Mother's Day.  I added water to the container immediately.  It contained yellow daisies and 3 of my favorite Sterling Silver Roses.  On Saturday, three of the daisies were completely dead and one of the roses started to droop.  By Sunday, one rose was completely dead, two other roses started to droop along with other daisies.  I called Tiger Lily and they  told me they would replace it between 9am and 1pm on Monday and pick up the other bouquet.  At 1:15pm on Monday, I called Tiger Lily again.  The man said there was no time specified for re-delivery.  He told me if I waited until Tuesday, I would receive a bigger and better bouquet between 1 and 5. He said the flowers are cut way ahead of time for busy seasons so when I received the arrangement, they were already old, and a new shipment of fresh flowers would be delivered to them on Tuesday.   At approx. 3:30 Tuesday, they redelivered the bouquet, which was the same as before, but had no sterling silver roses; they were replaced with purple orchids.   I was not home at the time or I would have sent everything back to them and told my son to dispute the charge on his credit card.   My son said for what he paid for this arrangement, $50+ which he thought were going to be larger, he would NEVER EVER order from them again.  VERY Disappointing.  This company deserves NO stars!!!!!!  Overpriced to say the least.
