4	Starbucks is across the street from my house and I'm officially a happy camper!   So glad to have a business other than title loans on this corner.   The remodeling is fantastic, the place is spacious and airy with lots of light.  Great seating indoors and outside as well.  Drive through is convenient and easy to access.  Hours are great - open until 10 pm.   We went a few days after the Grand Opening.  The place was busy but not overwhelming.  The staff were friendly and kept the line moving well.  They're still working on getting their product and quantities adjusted to the right amount, but I'm sure it will all come together soon! Look forward to heading to Starbucks and stopping by Sprouts on a morning walk.  So convenient!   Welcome to the neighborhood, Starbucks!  Happy to have you here!
2	Effed up my pumpkin spice latte! One of the only things I enjoy in life and they didn't put pumpkin in it. I only give places a one "strike" chance.... Strike one!
4	This store just opened up across the parking lot from my office, and I'm very happy. The staff is all very friendly and helpful. I'm not the HUGEST fan of Starbucks coffee itself, but I LOVE their Berry Hibiscus Refresher.
5	Very nice to have a drive thru here.  And there's a lot of parking and seating if you walk in, too. The meeting room is cool. Very nice use of the old building with a patio added for the cool weather.  The park nearby makes this a great stop with the dogs. Puppicino!
3	New and clean Starbucks. Plenty of outdoor seating to enjoy when the weather is nice. The closed study room is a nice idea but sounds from main room echo through it. I wore headphones to cancel the noise. I also found the long bar table to be too close to the register. Too much traffic and noise to get much work done there. Also, the table chairs are not cushioned and pretty uncomfortable. There seems to be underutilized open space. I posted a picture of rude people taking up the whole row of seats (I'll take it down if that's not allowed). But anyways, don't be like them.
4	This is your typical Starbucks with the typical menu, however, it's not a very typical set up. I was really impressed with this place, although the location next to a main road doesn't make it as appealing as a spot in cool section of the city. Considering that I have yet to see a cool section of Phoenix during my visits.The pros:1.  Fantastic wifi. They use Google for their network and it works perfectly. No lag, no long loading times. Just perfect. Why don't all Starbucks use Google for their internet?2.  Very cool decor. I really liked the small room where people could get together for a lunch or evening meeting. Gave it a very official feeling.3.  Nice staff. Made the drinks just the right way.The cons:1.  Not a fan of the location next to a main road. Has that strip mall ambiance going for it.A good spot in general.
5	I have nothing bad to say about this place. I've only used the drive thru and they are always fast and pleasant. Actually, super perky. Must be all the coffee they are drinking. Anyway, I would recommend it if you are in the area and want a quick drive thru treat.
5	Great customer service! The staff are always very friendly. Location is nice and close to home. Usually a line but it seems to go quickly.
5	The staff is impeccable with superb customer service!  My favorite Starbucks by far.
2	No coffee brewed and ready to serve at 9:00 AM with 7 people working behind the counter. They Forgot about me after it finished brewing. Half and half was empty. 20 minutes for a basic cup of coffee. Not the best baristas in the Starbucks system. At least the coffee tasted OK.
1	If I could give no stars I would. We came to Starbucks and went to the drive thru. There was only one car in front but still had to wait 10 min for two passion ice teas. So we get home and my pregnant friend was craving the ice so finished it in less then 5 min, To her surprise there was a fly in her drink! Yes it went as horribly as you expect it to go. Thanks Starbucks for not checking your ice while making iced drinks.
4	I really like this location and it is within 5 minutes away. There is neither never a line at the drive thru or it seems to go very quick. Employees are friendly in addition. No complaints thus far! Thank you Starbucks!!
5	We have been in a lot of Starbucks locations   all over. This particular one has a very unique store layout as it is on a corner and is in an L inside. Last night when we were here we wondered what the building was prior to becoming a Starbucks. Today we are in again. It is a very comfortable environment with lots of parking. Usually we bring our own cups but had left them at home today. So we asked for our lattes in cups for here.  Coffee was excellent.  Comfortable chairs too.
5	Obviously this wasn't built a Starbucks. It's more spacious than your average 'bucks, and has a cool little game room tucked away with a table to seat 8 or so. A few gents were playing chess while we were there.Lots and lots of seating is available, although lots of it is taken by people working away on their computers. The customer service is excellent.I had my first Fizzio (root beer). It was unexpectedly really good! Has a tinge of ginger in it, and with whipped cream on top it has a creamy aftertaste. I'm not a huge fan of cold coffee, so this might become my go-to cold drink.
4	The layout and architecture of this Starbucks makes it a great place to work or read. It's very different than any other Starbucks I've been in. I've been here multiple times and the people that work there are always very nice and accommodating. Not only that, professional. I was there in the evening one time and some kids were being very loud both outside and inside.  After about ten minutes they told them they needed to go. I thought how they did it was nice and thoughtful to the other patrons.
5	I was so excited to have this Starbucks open in my neighborhood!!!  I can walk there, get my coffee, and relax on the nice outdoor patio.  The service is great, friendly, cheerful employees.  Always a super "time out" in my day!
4	When I heard they were making that old bank into a Starbucks, I couldn't have been more happier.I volunteer at the school down the street from the Starbucks so I visit this one about two times a week. I'm practically considered a regular since they already know my name and know what I want since I get the same thing every time.The place is very spacious, not your average sized Starbucks. It has a variety of seating options and a nice outdoor seating area. The staff is very friendly and always greet everyone with a smile. It's very refreshing to have that on an early Monday morning.The only complaint I have is that there's this one barista (can't remember her name) who messes up my order whenever she takes it. I understand once, maybe twice, but not every time. Luckily the baristas who know me and what I order ask if it's correct which is really appreciated.This has to be my favorite Starbucks. I live just down the street from another one, but I prefer to travel down to that side of town to see a friendly familiar face and a good drink.
3	Busy location but they get the job done. Spacious place. Even when busy its not super loud.
5	The friendliest drive thru staff. I see them every morning, and they really do a great job! Talk about a nice start to the day! Thanks!
