2	Tired, old shopping centre in much need of some TLC. There are several empty stores, the flooring is old, and there's not an awful lot to see, except John Lewis. OK for getting a paper and quick bite to eat, and that's about all.
3	Lots of different shops to explore but building is an eyesore and could do to be re-developed in near future , great city centre location at top of Princess Street.
3	The St James Centre is on of those super ugly 80's style buildings which frequent every town centre. Just off Princes Street, this place is probably on every shopaholics flight plan. However there is nothing special about this centre and it doesn't offer anything better than Princes Street. It's plus points include:1. It's indoors, so when it rains you can still shop and keep dry.2. It has a large John Lewis, the only one in Edinburgh. So if you like John Lewis then perfecto.3. The Accessorize store is big enough to walk around and look at the stock. Every other Accessorize store in Edinburgh appears to be located in a wardrobe.The negatives:1. It is constantly packed with 16 year old pushing their kids around in buggies. This centre seems to have the type of stores that the more chavvy amongst us like to frequent which makes this shopping centre feel a bit down market and very busy. That one reason is big enough to put me off this shopping centre, and as I already mentioned most of the decent stores are already located on Princes Street.
3	A lot of people give this place really bad press, in my opinion much more than they should. Don't get me wrong, a lot of the time it's deserved: from the outside, the building is without doubt one of the ugliest things I've ever seen in my life. And it is true than the vast majority of the time you can usually find what you need on Princes Street which is only 2 minutes walk away. And yes, this place is definitely where all the cheaper, chavvier shops hang out.But at the same time, there are lot of things about this place that make me shop here sometimes. Edinburgh city centre being what it is, most of the shops on Princes Street are so tiny that they all have two branches spread along it. You don't have to be a genius to work out that it's really annoying when the H&M that you're in doesn't do jewellery/tights/whatever it is you need, and you have to trudge half a mile along the road. Especially when it's snowing, sleeting or raining, which is about half the year.Not only are the shops in here bigger in size, a lot of the bigger names that didn't manage to nab a spot on Prnces Street are in here, like Republic.Also, I love John Lewis. Although I feel as though I'm cheating on Jenners by just saying that, all of the bigger department stores along Princes Street all belong to the House of Fraser chain, so invariably if one of them doesn't stock what you need then the other probably won't either. The Debenhams on Princes Street is too small to be of any real use to anyone, so if it's a big department store you need then it's defnitely worth a visit here.Just don't wear too many ayers when you do. I don't know why, maybe it's for the benefit of the ridiculous number of baby chavs being pushed through here at any given time, but the heating in thi place is always on max - not great when you're carrying loads of heavy bags.
3	St James can seem like an empty vessel from the outside. It has a bit of a bleak appearance, ill fitting with the beautiful buildings on the Edinburgh high street. It's also unfortunately across the road from high end stores like Harvey Nichols, so shopping in here can be a reminder that you are skint and thus hitting up the cheaper options. But if you look past its shell, it's not too shabby.As far as high street shopping goes, the usual suspects are found in here. From Superdrug to John Lewis and River Island, there's a collection of stores suiting both men and ladies. It's kept clean and is always busy, so it's obviously not struggling for business.They have little perfume stops in the middle where sales assistants try and badger you into buying scents, a make-up counter and a place where you can pick up a Pick n Mix. All typical of the shopping mall  environment so it's easy to find your way around.Nothing out of the ordinary for a shopping centre and there's a distinct feeling of deja vu - probably because most malls are like this. But since it's just by the bus station and an extension of the high street, you might as well have a look while you're doing the rounds of shops in the area.
3	As much as some Edinburgh residents feel slightly embarrassed about the St James Centre and its run down appearance, because let's be honest, by modern, year 2000 onwards standards, this building is no looker, I still find myself in here more often than not when I need various bits and bobs, as it actually has a decent range of shops that seem to cater to my retail needs just fine. It's just not somewhere you'd want to get stuck in for too long, as the lighting, or lack of, is a bit depressing, so it always feels slightly dingy when you're wandering around.To its credit however, it does have some of my favourite shops for thrifty, impulse clothes buying. If you give Internacionale a browsing chance, it often has some good, wee buys to be had, although admittedly not always of the best quality. There's also Republic, Dorothy Perkins, Accesorize, Bank, River Island, plus other shops not of the fashion variety, and of course, the big John Lewis, for all your department store desires.
4	Ignoring the fact that this modern building looks like it was built during the worst of 1960's concrete mania - St. James Shopping Centre is actually very good, despite needing a bit of a lick of paint and a face lift.It has a much wider selection of shops than that of the Prince Mall across the road from it, including a large John Lewis and various other chain stores that can otherwise be found all over the city if you just had a look. However, this isnt a problem, as I tend to find that if I am shopping with a purpose, then everything I need is here - in this select combination of shops I can find literally everything I want. Yes, if I just fancy a wander about, Princes Street is the place to head to - but when I know what I want and where to find it, it has to be St. James'.
3	I agree with the other reviewers that St. James Centre has all the ingredients to be somewhere amazing to shop but when you actually get there, you feel rather uninspired. I'll usually pop into Superdrug to grab some of their deals but all the High Street shops that I usually go to are tiny and there are other branches on or around Princes Street. Nearly every time I've been to the River Island here they haven't had my size so I've had to go to the bigger one Princes Street anyway. It is still a very handy shopping centre and when it's raining you have most High Street stores under one roof so minimal effort required.
4	This place has everything you want really - you can easily spend a day in here and fulfill all your shopping needs!Most people come here for one reason - John Lewis. But it has a lot more to offer - Timpsons, HMV, stationary shops and many more!they also have a really good ice-cream stall and a brilliant pick n mix stall.They also have bouncers in some places! I can understand why it would attract the less attractive customer (aka chavs) but the security makes me feel completely safe! I know the building is a bit shoddy and leaves a lot to be desired, but I quite like wandering from the ultra-high end Harvey Nichols into this place.FACT - JK Rowling used to sell the Big Issue outside of the St James' Centre.
3	John Lewis is, without a doubt, the main attraction of St James Shopping Centre.  I don't shop there myself, but whenever I've been in it seems busier than the actual shopping centre itself and without this asset St James wouldn't offer very much.  It's pretty hideous from the outside and even inside it doesn't really offer anything that you couldn't get on Princes Street.  For me, Poundland is its greatest feature, always on hand for cheap, funny and pointless birthday presents as well as just about any domestic necessity.  St James, however, is quite well laid out and it's always clean, yet the the shops aren't large and it has probably the smallest HMV I've seen.  Having said this, it's in a good location and if you can't find what you're looking for on Princes Street then this could just be the place.
3	The place is an eyesore. OK if you fancy a cup of tea go in there go up the stairs at Next outside claires accessories or McNulty's potatoes outside Ryries at the Leith Street exit. This place is due an upgrade. I don't hate the place because I do some shopping there myself. I rate it 3/5 stars as I like to go to get stuff conveniently such as Lottery, scratchcards, Cups of tea, maybe a bit lunch among other things.
3	St James Shopping Centre could definitely have better shops.  There are parts that feels a little down market and chavvy ... but then probably something to do with being an indoor shopping centre.John Lewis is the star attraction, all the other shops are general high street fare.
2	So many shades of wrong.This is one shopping area in Edinburgh which is in dire need of replacing. The building also houses a Thistle Hotel. The outside Entrance may seem 'iconic'' and it is in a prime position within the city. Opposite the bridges, heading Princes street across the Balmoral Hotel. But the place is a complete throwback to the concrete building so favoured in the 1960's. I am disappointed this is still in Edinburgh. Inside it is a jungle and a maze. The nicest shop is John Lewis. You have your usual high-street shops as Boots, Post Office, Superdrug, Sports Direct, Internacionale, Next, River Island, Phone shops, Poundland and the likes. On the Leith Street entrance you have an HMV (for now) and Thorton ChocolatesThe building is connected to a Parking Garage on the opposite site of the Leith Street by a 'funky' pedestrian bridge (which is a great photo opportunity if you are in to that) Another exit comes out of Multree Walk - now THAT is a nice shopping area. Do I visit here a lot? No apart from John Lewis I find the place rather depressing and use it only for a dry crossing to the bus station or St Andrews Square.
2	After reading Rayan D's review of this, it struck me despite that I pass the St James Shopping Centre often, and I have strong dislike to it, I had never thought to review it.Much like Rayan says, it is a very large, 70's style building that, given the other gorgeous architecture on Princes St (Jenners, the Scots' Monument, and the Scotsman Hotel right opposite) it is something of a monstrosity.It also, as far as shopping centres go, doesn't have much in it. It's one of those centres I find myself going to, wandering through, and then not quite understanding why I went. It does have one of the entrances into John Lewis - of an entirely different ilk. And it also leads into Multress Walk, which is again on a completely different scale. The bus station is also very close.It just feels very dated and old. Perhaps in its time it was new, and filled with new shops. Now it feels like they are just filling the retail units in order to keep it full. The Boots in it isn't a great Boots. The River Island in it isn't a great River Island. Both of these can be found 150 metres up Princes Street, and are much nicer.Sorry St James. Ill wander through you to get from St Andrews Square to Broughton Street in order to shelter from the rain - but that's it.
2	Meets the basic needs...A really dated centre...Local teens hangout.
3	Eh it's an Ok shopping centre. I usually cut through it to reach buses quicker or go the the Poundland store that has tons of goodies. Other then that its just another mall where the kids hangout at.
2	This is a sad little mall.  I'm not sure what it's doing here.  But it's a bit depressing.  They have a cool department store with some reasonable items, but the rest of the place seems really sad.  I don't think I'd recommend coming here.  I'm feeling a bit depressed remembering this place while writing this review.
3	One knows, in general, what to expect from a shopping centre - you've got your high street fashion chains, your low- and mid-market accessory chains (Claire's, Accessorize), your coffee chain, your budget stationery shops, your DVD/game store, your chemist, the odd stall of bejewelled phone covers or pashminas or bags or hats... Tick, tick, repeated tick. Oh, and a Poundland, which is always a slightly guilty pleasure.Nevertheless, despite all its generic box-ticking, I actually kind of like St James, certainly more than a number of other centres of its ilk. It's got lots of massage chairs for stressed shoppers to take a break in, for example - although the idea of sitting in a massage chair in public seems odd to me, but there is normally one occupied. It's also got a nice little customer service kiosk to help with general enquiries, which is a sweet touch that I don't think I've seen elsewhere, and also pretty handy as I tend to get lost. What is it about shopping centres that I can never work out the floorplan? Normally I have a pretty fiendish sense of direction but as soon as I'm in a mall my inner compass just goes NOPE.Anyway, if you know what you're looking for and you know where to find it, you'll probably find it in St James. I couldn't locate an iron, mind you, although I probably could have got one from John Lewis, which adjoins the centre rather like a wealthy godfather holding hands with his pleasant yet obviously less privileged charge.
2	St James Centre is always busy.  At least, that's how it feels whenever I'm there.  It's busy and filled with loads of mediocre shops that I pass by without even noting, on my way to John Lewis.In my opinion, John Lewis is just about the only redeemable shop in the St James Centre, and its location right next to Multrees Walk, Edinburgh's poshest shopping street, is bizarre.  To be fair, the fact that it seems always busy here (especially when it's raining - NEVER COME HERE WHEN IT'S RAINING) certainly indicates that I am in the minority in my opinion and if you like Dorthy Perkins and Next and the rest, then it's absolutely convenient to have them available in the city centre instead of having to trek out to Ocean Terminal or that place near Sighthill.  Having said that, the spaces for these stores is quite small which means that everything it jammed in and quite tight.So no, not a place for me, but certainly a place I pass through on a regular basis.
3	If this shopping centre was to be twined with any other shopping centre it would have to be the savoy shopping centre in Glasgow, this place feels outdated, cramped and claustrophobic. Sadly the shops are  just the same as if not less than any other shopping centre, with the only plus being that there is more places to eat and and have lunch nearby.
3	We all know how shopping centres work in Britain. The glamour and extravagance of the US mall's has been missed out in Britain (unless maybe in London?).Even the shops are a little predictable. Dorothy Perkins, Next, Sports Direct, every jeweller you can imagine apart from the one you like, a Subway, Millies Cookies and random stalls selling phone/ipad/tablet cases with far too many sparkly things on them for anyone's liking.It's a shame though, considering where this shopping centre is situated, that more hasn't been done to make it a little more appealing. The design of the building being the famous 1960's solid concrete look.This might all seem like all negatives with the only positive being the John Lewis (and Millies Cookies of course, I love those raisin-y, oaty bad boys) but it's probably a good thing that the shopping centre is predictable. It means no matter where you are in town, you know you will find all of those low to mid-budget clothes shops.And a REALLY shiney phone case if you intend to blind someone in the summer.
