5	Fast delivery And Fast delivery and good subs
2	I've heard some people really rave about this place. They were so excited went Jimmy John's came to the valley. My review is based on a single experienced but it was definitely sub par. Am I the only one that has had a need for napkins or extra condiments? With the 7, count 'em, 7 kids in the sandwich preparation area and maybe 3 customers I was confused why when my girlfriend asked for napkins at the register, the girl told her they were at the other end.....literally like 5 feet away. So we walked 5 feet down and asked a different girl standing there and received napkins.Went outside, sat down and realized there wasn't mustard on my sandwich. Went back inside and asked for some, "We don't have any." Yeah they don't have any salt, pepper, mayo, mustard or any self serve condiments. You have to get those things when it's being made. Weak. The bread was fresh, everything was really, but it was no where near an amazing sandwich. I'll probably try it out again but at least I'll know what I'm getting, an okay sandwich.
3	The first time I went in there I was baffled by the menu. I am used to the typical Subway experience where you're in a line, telling them condiment by condiment what you'd like. This place was different. Their menu already has a classic combination of ingredients stuffed into their bread. So I ordered the #1 - Pepe (Ham & Provolone basically). While I was sure I would like the combination, but isn't a sandwich shop always about the bread? Well, that's my opinion. And I have to say, their bread is lacking in my opinion. It's that tough bread that can't really be that good unless you have steel teeth & an iron jaw to chew it with. I just don't dig chewy bread. The service was great. They immediately attended to me and took my order, but the food itself, I just wasn't impressed with the bread.
5	I wish they had hot subs,but other than that,heaven sent,super fast delivery.except the mill location on weekends,duh.big sandwiches w bacon,stay gold yelp
1	I was at this local Jimmy Johns and below is what happened. You might think I am being a pain but I defend myself in the below emails. The sandwiches are great. I was grading this based upon lack of satisfying the customer.   ThomasBelow is Jimmy's reasoning:"I serve the people that serve you. The proper way to serve on the side is a plastic 2 oz cup and lid. The cost of the cup and lid is 32 cents. In order for me to pay employees, insurance, rent, utilities, overhead and interest on the loan for that store I'd have to charge $1.20 and I would make a dime. I made the decision that my customers would yell at me either way, but I made the call that you would yell at me more for charging $1.20 for peppers on the side as opposed to providing them at no additional cost by putting them either on or off, not on the side" Hope this clears it up for you bro, JimmyHeatherHeatherDoesn't make any sense on 2 points1 Let the customer have it they ways they like it ( The juice from the hot peppers end up drenching into the sandwich and it tastes like a hot vinegar sandwich)2 Consistency.... All operations should be a mirror image of each other. You might think I am being petty on this but when I go into a eating establishment I want it my way. If I asked for my mayo or oil & vinegar on the side it is not allowed even if I offer to pay extra?I know food establishments are working on thin margins and I realize that extra condiments cut into the bottom line. But if  a customer offers  to " pay extra " and it is not allowed it does not make any sense. If JJ had charged me 50 to 75 cents more for my request it would have been pure profit. Please help me understand why JJ has made this decision when a customer offers to pay extra......... From: JJ Feedback [mailto:jimmyjohn@jimmyjohns.com] Subject: RE: Jimmy Johns Feedback Form SubmissionTomThank you for taking the time to write.The information you received is correct, our corporate locations no longer offer peppers on the side.  You can either have the peppers on your sandwich or not at all.Please note that it is up to the other franchisees whether or not to follow suit so you may find locations near you that do still offer them as a side item.Hopefully this helps.Thank you,Heather(At Jimmy John's we work hard to provide our customers with a dining experience that exceeds their expectations.  We welcome customer comments, questions and suggestions, and endeavor to respond  to each such customer inquiry in an informed and meaningful way.  Due to the large number of inquiries that we receive, as a general rule, we do not independently verify or confirm the specific facts of each such inquiry.  Each response to general customer inquiries is based upon the guidelines, specifications, procedures and best practices routinely prescribed by Jimmy John's to its vendors and individual stores.  This message is intended only for the use of the individual (s) or entity to which it is addressed and may contain information that is privileged, confidential, and/or proprietary to Jimmy Johns. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, forwarding or copying of this communication is prohibited without the express permission of the sender. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete the original message).From: webfeedback@jimmyjohns.com [mailto:webfeedback@jimmyjohns.com] Sent: Thursday, September 15, 2011 2:54 PMTo: webfeedbackSubject: Jimmy Johns Feedback Form SubmissionData from form "Feedback form" was received on 9/15/2011 1:53:47 PM.Form accessed when user clicks the Comments or Questions linkField ValueTechnical_Problem I need to report a problem I encountered at a Jimmy John's StoreDate_Visited_Month SeptemberDate_Visited_Day 7thDate_Visited_Year 2011Time_Visited 5:00 PMStore_State AZStore_City TempeStore_Address 840 E. Southern General Comment I visited the Jimmy Johns # 90038 Chk # 296 I paid for a Gargantuan sandwich and I asked for the hot peppers on the side. I was told that they could not do that. I said I would pay for them and I was told that because they were a corporate store they could not do this. I thought I did not hear the manager correctly and I asked him to repeat himself. What happened to having a sandwich the way I like it? I canceled the order and went to Jersey Mikes. I used to frequesnt Jimmy Johns 1 to 2 times a week until that day. I have not entered a Jimmy Johns since then and I tell freinds and aqquantances what happened. Please tell me if the manager was correct in his statement..... Thomas J KissaneFirst_Name TomfullLocation AZ / Select a JJ Address / Select a JJ Address / Mesa / Chandler / Phoenix / Mesa / Tempe / 840 E. Southern Email "Jimmy Johns Feedback Form Submission"
1	ANY JJ location, Corporate or Franchise, that refuses my request for Hot Peppers , on the side, will .....see me do an about-face, and watch MY BUNS walk out the door..
3	I don't get all the hype - this is a good sandwich at a good price. Though I like the vibe and the attitude reflected in their decor and promotional materials, but the product itself is nothing miraculous. I gotta say I love me a tuna sub now and they - it pains me to say that lowly Subway blows this tuna out of the water.
4	I wish they had other bread options (they have wheat BREAD but it's like as delicious as the french bread).Fast service... Definitey can grab n go if you're in a rush.My favorite is the BLT sandwich!
4	Jimmy Johns is so fast, and with all that extra time I get back, I like to take my gold over to the "i buy gold" place right next door.Terrible joke, sorry.I dunno it's decent food, and they got crushed ice. My favorite order is a turkey tom with mustard. Check it out. :D
2	Tried it for the first time this week. My sub was tasty but just a roastbeef and cheese sub on a cursty roll. Can't figure out what all the rage over this chain is about. It's fast service which is great when you need food fast. But it's a little over priced sandwhich and fountain drink both. My lunch was $8.  The place is clean but not really inviting as 90% of the customers take it to go or eat at an outdoor table.
4	Solid sandwiches and fast service. Great to get in and out with a group. Go with the beach club, tasty.
4	14 employees in the joint when I showed up at 11:30am- I imagine they had delivery drivers out as well. When my party of 4 walked in we were the only patrons, and we received the traditional raucous welcome. In true JJ's fashion, I was practically thrown my sandwich nanoseconds after being handed back my credit card. Went with the #9 this time- it's going to be very hard to try anything else there with how good this was. I head-faked toward the front door prior to using the men's room to see if I could trick them into a loud goodbye. It worked. I laughed, they didn't.
3	This location is NOT "freaky fast". I order from here when I am at work and it always takes about 30-40 min to get my one sandwich. The location by my home in Ahwatukee delivers in 10-15 minutes. 20 at the most. But as always, the subs are delicious.
3	Overwhelming on your first visit if you don't know what you want to order.  No kid meals.  You can't have anything "on the side".  I wasn't overly impressed with any aspect of the experience or food but it was okay.
2	Unprofessional and more concerned about chatting with each other than taking my order.  (There were about 10 JJ's staff there when I arrived, four or more of them on the customer side of the counter.)  The cashier had a bandaged hand and was understandably slow at making change but his slow response to take my order does not follow the "freaky fast" plan.  While I was waiting for my order I stood by the window and looked around at messy tables, a soda machine that needed attention and a dirty floor.  With all of that staff standing around doesn't it make sense that somebody should be cleaning?!  The one bright spot was a female employee who really seemed genuinely concerned about getting my order made and to me in a timely fashion.
3	Meh, Subway is better.  I'd rather go there and pick all the toppings I want, instead of being limited to the FEW toppings offered at Jimmy John's.  Plus, I always hear their ads advertising how fast they are, but when I went there last night my sandwich took a pretty long time to make!  At least 5 minutes.... definitely enough time for me to read that entire Dave Barry poster on the wall.I will say that I like their bread better than Subway bread, but it's not enough to compensate for the other deficiencies.
5	Used to frequent this place when I lived in Arizona. Fast delivery and even better sandwiches. Love the beach club.
1	One of my worst customer service experiences, period, happened here. I have been a fairly regular JJ's customer for about 12 years now and my only bad experience ever was here. They got my togo order wrong and then refused to refund me for the petty $6. Instead of refunding my card they offered to deliver a replacement. I told them on the phone that the sandwich was mostly eaten, since I was hungry and it was not an allergen issue, and I would rather have the refund. However they told me they can only do exchanges and since I have never had a problem at any JJ's I do not have prior knowledge of their policy on such things.About 15 minutes later the delivery person (apparently the general manager?) arrived and when he saw the partially eaten sandwich he got a pretty bad attitude. After a short conversation he told me there was nothing he could do for me and left with my replacement sandwich; which I hope some one ate instead of it becoming waste in a trash can.I have to close this by just pointing out that it is odd how this location will fight tooth and nail to not refund 6 dollars but will send a general manager, who likely gets paid $20+/hr, to drive 30 min to drop off the fix. Spending $10+ to save a $6 refund does not make very good business sense. Additionally, since they did not actually fix the problem and were just asinine, they wasted their time and money and still lost a customer at their location for life.
5	I always get the beach club and have great service plus it's always done in about 2 or 3 mins. I come here atleast once a week or more and haven't had one bad experience. I also love to buy yesterday's bread!
1	worst experience of my life. I first called to order a sandwich at 9:00. 45 minutes later I call and they lost my address and my phone number. When I went ahead and told them my address, they still got "lost" and the girl tried to call me. I never received any calls. Then the manager (Peter Kimball) called and he said that the employee couldn't find my address. This is even after I gave them directions to my apartment. He showed up 15 min later with a sandwich that had obviously been sitting out. I threw it away when I took the first bite. I hope they see this and take action. This was one of the worst experiences that I have had. They really need to get their act together. In two days when the store manager is in, I will give him a call but tomorrow I'm going to call corporate. I should have read the reviews, this place sucks. Take your money elsewhere.
2	Delicious sandwich. Disappointing service. Very Disappointing experience.  The ticket was about $3 more than I mentally added up because of up added charges. Extra $ for the 7 grain bread, extra $ for cheese, extra because they charged both sandwiches for Avocado when it was only on one sandwich. There are too many other great restaurant choices for sandwiches. I don't like feeling tricked. Buy local ... Better ideas.
1	Decided to go out of the way and go to this particular location. Was greeted with a rude "what do you want?" Every table was dirty. There was soda spilled on the floor and was already to the point that it was sticky. Overall worst Jimmy Johns experience.
