2	The homeslices at Strip Sandwich serve very basic lunch food for the downtown business crowd. The food is cheap, not bad, but not great. I think you can get pretty much any sandwich "Sloppy Joe" style, which is hilarious but not something I really wanted to try. Salad is a mix of romaine and iceberg. Whole wheat bread seemed like the fluffy wonder bread variety. But lunch is less than $5 i think, so hey, not complaining too too much. They also deliver on mopeds, which is sweet.
4	The other review of "beggars can't be choosers" is ridiculous.  I have worked near this shop for almost five years and I have at least ten to twelve places I eat when going out to lunch.  I like the Strip Shop b/c the sandwiches and salads are quick and pretty tasty.  When starving and can't leave your office, they deliver.  Breakfast is also on their menu.  Would I rather go to Courthouse Grill if I want to sit down and eat? Yes, but this is a quick place that provides good sandwiches that will leave you full and unable to finish!
3	Downtown may be the center of Las Vegas' legal and office district (as small as it is), but it does not have a truly great sandwich shop.  Given that there's no brilliant place to grab a lovely sammich, if you're downtown around lunchtime, Strip Sandwich Shop is pretty good.  They've got a decent selection of hot sandwiches (chipped beef, corned beef, beef brisket, etc.) and a better selection of deli meat subs and sandwiches.  Unlike many of the other sandwich shops downtown, the Strip Sandwich Shop slices the deli meat as you order it, which makes it taste fresh and delicious.  The bread is good too--not amazing, but good.When we were there, I had the corned beef on rye with swiss.  Not my favorite sandwich ever, but one of the best I've ever ordered from a downtown place.  Others ordered the turkey sandwich, roast beef and the chicken sub of the day.  No complaints from anyone.  So if you're trapped downtown and need a sammich, Strip Sandwich is a solid choice.  You could do a lot worse (I mean A LOT worse -- there is a Quiznos downtown after all).
3	I work nearby so I eat here about once a month, not because the food is bad but because I don't like eating sandwich more than once a month. Anyway, they have 3 items I consider to be in the "good to really good" range. Pastrami sandwich, brisket sandwich, and sausage sandwich. I heard from my co workers that their house salad is good too. I'm not a salad person =)
3	This place is on fire. So much so, it's now closed. Scandalous
4	I visit Las Vegas about twice a year and another dozen or so on business. Im looking for a quick bite to eat and being salivated over by a pushy waitperson is not my idea of service. Hanns and Ray made this place click. If you say a little mustard thats what you get not soaked in mustard. I am sorry to see the downtown location has closed as it made it easy in easy out during my business trips as I ran from Courthouse to Courthouse. Looking forward to trying one of their places off of the strip.
