5	This church is ABSOLUTELY amazing!! It is a multicultural church and has a very inviting atmosphere. Every Sunday it feels like you're at a concert!! Pastor Paul and Pastor Denise are a team and welcome you, they have plenty of leaders to connect with. There are plenty of bible study groups for all ages on Wednesday's at 7pm. There are three services on Sunday mornings, 9am, 11am, and 6pm!! You can go to iclv.com for more info but this church is by far a wonderful, giving, social, welcoming, transparent and very exciting church!!
5	Love this place... Great people full of love and life.  Paul Goulet's messages are relevant and timely. The worship is amazing.
5	I love International Church of Las Vegas and chose it for my place of worship because of the presence of God, powerful worship, the pursuit of prayer, outreach to the city, world missions, leadership development, diverse and RELEVANT ministries and warm, loving people.  Your life will never be same.
5	I love ICLV. It is my home. I love the worship and the pastoral staff.
5	Been attending since 2008 and God has done nothing but miracles for His people. One amazing church with amazing God-loving and Good fearing pastors. This church is a wonderful place to find healing and to be yourself. There's no judgment from anyone just love
5	I loved this church. I loved the fact that not everyone was dressed up it felt so relaxed and welcoming. Everyone was so nice. The worship was great I felt like I was going there just to learn and not to impress and that is exactly why I will make this my church! They have 2 services on Sunday at 9 and 11 my kids loved their classes and the sermon was simple but spiritually educating. I would definitely recommend this church if you are looking for something relaxed but has the presence of God!
1	"Beware of false prophets who come disguised as harmless sheep but are really vicious wolves."  Matthew 7:15We arrived to this church for the first-time today and were shocked by the false prophecies and false charismatic healing.  They had Lou Engle for a talk who has called many false prophecies yet pastor, Paul Goulet, called a prophet.  The entire service was like the new-age, Toronto healing controversies (Benny Hinn, etc) which get people moving in very in-human ways to "heal" them of life-long diseases.  People moved in in-human ways and some looked as they were about to faint.  People without shoes danced, spoke in tongues, and wept (some crying very loudly).  Many non-Christians are quick to call churches cult-like, but this "Holy Spirit Conference" was very cult-like (experienced from a veteran Christian).
