4	I've been a fan of The Fresh Market for a while now but it's always been a little far from me. Now they've opened this location right next to my house and I'm so excited about it! My first trip to this new location was on grand opening night so the store was packed! The first thing I noticed about the store is the size, it's fairly small and with the crowed from opening night that didn't help. Once you get past the size you see how nice, organized and well put together this store is. This is't my everyday grocery store but more for fresh ingredients. They've got the freshest produce, seafood and meats in the area, way above the quality you'd expect from a grocery store. There's a wide variety of fresh breads and chesses along with prepared food. In addition to all the fresh food the customer service is outstanding! From the management to the cashiers all the employees have a pleasant smile and warm personality.I'm looking forward to many more trips to The Fresh Market!
3	Are you really, really rich?Then you should shop here on the regular.Fresh Market is less than two miles from a Harris Teeter and a Trader Joe's- very bold Fresh Market.I was impressed with some BOGO offerings and stocked up on Pro Bars that my boyfriend loves but overall their meats and cheeses are muy moolah. Nothing compares to the cheese price and selection at Trader Joe's just a few steps down the block.Would I come for speciality items or if I wanted some expensive candy to impress my boss or something? Probably yeah, but unless this store is running a 50% off sale there are places to buy similar quality with a larger selection (this store is tiny) and less money.
5	Ok I'm  just going to start off by saying The Fresh Market is the only place that I have found in Charlotte that makes fresh eclairs almost as good as my old bakery in VA. named Brenner's which has been closed for some years now. The pastry shell filled with great tasting custard and top with rich tasty chocolate is definitely the 2nd best eclair I have ever had. The is meat is so fresh and they will custom make sausage and custom cut meat for you. Wide variety of sausage that they make there. I got some nice size crab legs from here. It's a nice local fresh or organic store that's very clean. The staff are friendly, knowlegeable, nice, and eager to help you. You gotta come in a get the whole experience yourself, it is too many nice things about this place to try to put all in this review. So glad that they replace the Food Lion that was here previously...
