1	While I do not eat fast food as much I used to, I used to eat at Jack in the Box (different locations) all of the time.  I was on my way home recently from playing sports and had a hankering for a sourdough jack (my favorite) and some jalapeno poppers.  My girlfriend was with me and decided to try the sirloin burger.  What a disaster.We were exhausted and live close by so we went straight home after hitting the drive through, only to find out that we did not receive the poppers that we paid for.  On top of that, the burgers were sub par and the fries were burnt (a shame because they were curly fries).  I had not eaten at JITB in quite some time and this experience has solidified why I had stopped going in the first place.  Perhaps I should have checked the bag before leaving the drive through but when there are only a couple of cars in the drive through and no one in the restaurant, should I really have to?  Especially at 10pm when things are slow.  I will not be returning to this location and more than likely will not return to any others either.  It is a shame because the food used to be so good.
4	This chain pulled out of the Chicago market years ago so when I saw a Jack In the Box I put it on my bucket list of things to do during my visit. I had to have the taco's as it was a high school staple.
3	I don't go to this location often but of the few times I have been there I've had to ask for my receipt. I find that very suspicious. There is a number to call if you don't get your receipt but I've yet to remember to write it down first.
3	We stopped in to cash in our free taco coupons we got from the Suns game. It seems like there is a Jack in the Box on almost every corner here and this location is very clean although the service was a little slow. I don't know what's in the taco's (and I don't want to know) but we love them.
2	Stopped in for a bite to eat today at this Jack in the Box...THE BEST:*  Bought a Monster Taco & added on 2 free regular Tacos.  A tasty light lunch after adding on some great Frank's Red Hot Sauce to all three.  (You have to ask for it, but it's free.)*  Excellent value with coupon code from participating in phone survey last time.*  Bathroom was ok.THE REST:*  Cashier was unfriendly.*  The only place the Monster Taco was priced was on a sign attached to the front of the cash register, which said it's $1.26.  Cashier said, "That'll be $1.40."  I asked how we get from $1.26 to $1.40 with 8.3% Sales Tax?  (Hey, I was a math & science major!)  Cashier says, "Your Monster Taco is $1.29 plus tax.  The sign is wrong.  You'll see it on your reciept."  Then she didn't give me my receipt!*  Music was playing too loudly, in my opinion.  I wanted to try to read something while I ate.*  Didn't care much for the dining room layout...  missed the booths available at most Jack locations I visit.*  Would have had a few things to say if invited to participate in another phone survey, but of course I couldn't since she kept my receipt.My first & probably last visit to this Jack in the Box location.     :-|
2	The burgers are so dry and tasteless.  Even with the cheese and jalapenos it was barely edible.  Can't believe that for $1 you get a child's size drink!  The most expensive drink at any fast food chain!
