4	On the scale of Ulta, the store front ,get everything in one place store. Both my son and I got good haircuts. They have a choice of stylist from a stylist to a senior stylist.Heard the massages were good from another customer.Have OPI and other name brand cosmetics.
1	Are you looking for sub-par service where you're treated like you're a dummy and know nothing about your own hair!? You've found the right place. After moving from Kansas City to Charlotte, I was in desperate need of hair treatment. I had been going to a Sr. Stylist at the Beauty Brands on the Plaza in Kansas City and was obsessed with the way she made my hair look. She was something of a color genius and could do no wrong. Seriously. I figured if she was that good, they must have really high standards throughout the chain. Boy, was I wrong.Not only did my stylist tell me that the color I wanted to achieve was impossible (after I had been sporting that color for years) she was extremely rude about telling me the way it had to be done. I ended up walking out with an uneven cut and BLONDE on the top of my head and BRORANGE (that's brown and orange combined) starting about half way down. There were also a number of technical issues throughout the highlight that were pretty obvious. Exactly one week later, I was in another stylists chair, at another salon, getting my head back to a reasonable color.I would imagine that there are great stylists at this salon, I just didn't happen to get one of them.
5	Stopped by today after a very disappointing visit to Ulta. Sales Associate greeted me as I was walking in the door. She asked if she could help me with anything. She walked me over to what I needed. She answered my many questions. She told me to take my time and look around. She got me in and out in less than 5 minutes and told me to come back and have a nice day. Way to go Beauty Brands.
4	I've passed Beauty Brands dozens of times and never stopped in for a visit.  Needing a last minute gift for a friend, I dove in to pick something up and truthfully, I'm kicking myself for not stopping in earlier. Not only do they carry fantastic brands like Philosophy, they offer a wide spectrum of offerings such as haircare, make-up and facial products. The service I received was phenomenal - Very attentive and helpful and beyond that, personable. I felt like I was shopping with my girlfriends; not a staff member that wanted to up-sell me. I'd suggest anyone check in and have an experience.The store is clean and well organized. It's easy to shuffle through but I'm willing bet you'll spend more time than you anticipate you'd stay.Bonus for my coupon'istas! Besides their own coupons, they also accept Ulta coupons!
