4	I found out about La Reina Michoacana in the New Times Best of Phoenix guide 2005. It was honored for having the best elote en vaso. In case you are not familiar with elote, allow me to introduce you. Of the many riquisimo street treats in Mexico, elote is my favorite. It is corn and it either comes entero (on the cob) or en vaso (in a cup). (I prefer entero- it is more fun to eat.) Once you choose your mode of elote consumption, you then get to choose from a handful of surprising toppings- mayonnaise, butter, cheese, chili, limon, salt...or all of the above. Sound kind of gross, maybe even wrong? That is how I felt at first too, but trust me- elote is oh so right!I behaved like a small child walking into La Reina for the first time, skipping and clapping my hands, chanting "Elote! Elote!". And that is how I felt while eating my elote- like a happy little kid. It was darn good. But what was even better was an unexpected surprise. The aguas frescas were to die for. I got a mixed fruit aguas frescas. It was creamy, cool, delicious and I loved all the little chunks of fruit at the bottom. I will also highly recommend the raspados on behalf of my best friend. (I have not sampled them yet myself.) She is a bit obsessed with sno cones and raspados and gave her tamarindo raspado con crema enthusiastic approval. There are many other things to choose from at La Reina Michoacana, including fresas con crema (strawberries with cream), paletas (popsicles) and tortas. Check it out when you need a little snacking adventure!
5	This is actually a new business with a new name and owner.  I don't know how it was before, but their elotes are just awesome, and the chamoyadas are ABSOLUTELY out of this world (just ask for them w/out peanuts).  There is a sitting area if you want to eat in, as they serve all sort of antojitos.  If you want AUTHENTIC Mexican flavor, this is your kind of place.
4	Honestly they look pretty bare inside, no frills but they offer an extensive snack bar type menu of Mexican and some Central American favorites/antojitos.  They have a limited selection of ice cream and a few paletas, but my  favorite items to get here are the  Escamochas (fruit salad with sweetened cream, like melted vanilla ice cream), topped with pecans, coconut or granola.  My other favorite are the Raspados, a snow cone like treat with fresh fruit syrups (most with whole pieces of fruit) or the Obispo which is a raspado with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top.  These made my summer very tolerable.
