4	So I decided it had been far too long since I smashed in the front of my car, and one lovely afternoon it happened. Ugh.Gerber to the rescue. They were recommend by my insurance company (State Farm) and close to work, so they seemed like the perfect option. They got me in the next day for a basic estimate of repair charges and were able to get my car in just a few days later. My car ended up taking longer to fix than they had quoted, but I don't blame them.I had to call to follow up a bit too much, I wish they would have taken a bit more initiative with that.The rental car company picked me up at Gerber and when my car was finished I was able to just hand the rental car keys to the Gerber receptionist and be on my way. This made the process much easier.My car was repaired beautifully, it looks brand new!! They even did a few little extra things for me, like buffing out the film on my headlights.I did have to take my car back to them a couple days later because of over-spray on my windshield. They fixed it right away without any questions asked and were very apologetic. If you are unfortunate enough to smash your car, take it here. You will not be disappointed.
5	I wish I could meet the Gerber staff under better circumstances ... alas, we've met twice now and both times I was INCREDIBLY impressed. Gerber used to be Scottsdale Collision. I was originally referred by my insurance company (USAA). When I got there, the processes were explained in full detail, and I was kept in the loop throughout the entire process. The staff is awesome - both times Chuck assisted me. When the work was finished, my car looked brand new, was clean, and smelled great. I really really hope that I never need their services again, ... but if I do, this is the ONLY place I'll go. Well done!
5	Esurance referred me to Gerber.  I had an excellent experience here.  Gerber sent a tow truck to pull my Prius out of the quicksand!  The tow truck driver was kind and smart and gave me good advice.  The staff were very polite and intelligent and they offered to help me with things that were above and beyond the call of duty, especially in light of the fact that I decided to not get any work done on my car because the bumper on my Prius popped back into shape at the time it was towed.  They set up all the paperwork so that I could very easily forward the documents to be reimbursed for the towing company charges. Pleasant, comfortable waiting room.
