5	This has been my favorite dental office. The staff was really nice and made me real comfortable. Dr. Dorilag made me less nervous then usual when i see the dentist. Wasn't forceful with the tools and the assistance seemed to know what their doing as well. I love the design of the office. Didn't have the Dentist feel to it. Very modern.Would definitely recommend my Dentist!
5	Hands down a fantastic dental office. Dr. Frantz is the best dentist I have ever had and I have already referred several of my friends. So now I have to yelp as well.
5	I had to go here for a quick fix on a raised filling I got somewhere else. Great work, very friendly staff, and state of the art equipment.   The Doc was informative, easy to talk to, and the visit was quick and painless.
5	I love Dr. Frantz!   This is a great dental office.  Even with many dental issues in the past, I am happy to visit this office.
5	Great place!  I went here on a referral from one of my co-workers. Professional, competent, friendly, state of the art equipment,  and very clean.  My hygienist was so nice and caring!  Loved her!This one of the best dentist offices I have been to.
3	I needed a Dentist badly. Using Yelp along with my benefits provider search tool I was able to screen my dental options, and I ended up picking Green Valley Dental Group. A little more online research shows that Dr. Frantz has a great overall reputation. But reviews as important as they are mean nothing compared to the boots on the ground experience. Parking: Can be a little tight. The office is tucked away off Pecos towards the back of the office park so if you're not looking closely you could miss it. Waiting Area: It's tiny. It does have a TV though but thankfully the volume is not cranked to 11. Front Office Staff / Check-in experience. Very friendly, smiling staff. Paperwork consisted of just 4 forms, simple enough to fill out and I didn't get hand cramps from writing War & Peace Volume 2 on their forms. Appointment Time Accuracy: Appt was at 12:30, I was on my way to being seen in the back by 12:40. Once I was let into the working area the first thing they did was put me in a stand up x-ray machine that takes a 180 degree x-ray image of your jaw...it's a great image for the dentist to have. From there I was taken back to a little room with windows, it was brightly lit, and they had a dental chair that was comfortable. X-Rays: All Digital, instantly available on the screen. Got a gag reflex issue? They will work with you. Having experienced dental care in the 70's, this was like someone beamed me up to a spaceship and was using advanced technology on me. Loved being able to see the x-rays on the screen right beside me. The staff all the way through was excellent in making sure I was taken care of. But Dr. Frantz was a real joy to speak to. Some dentists leave you feeling like you're nothing more than the cash for their next Lexus payment...not Dr. Frantz. I threw questions at him on everything from Costa Rican 1 Day implants to the use of Hydrogen Peroxide and he answered in a way that left me thinking he's good, and he knows his stuff. The treatment plan he created was extensive, yet gives me options. With the digital patient info systems they had my insurance coverage info on hand and in some cases on screen beside me. Unlike some dentists he didn't tell me about pie in the sky options...in short he got it right. The Dental Hygienist, Michelle was quick, she did some initial inspection but didn't clean anything so she will get reviewed later. My last stop was the Business Manager and the talk about costs. This was a refreshing change from what I'm had in the past. She sent my treatment plan in for a pre-authorization so we'll know for sure what's covered and for how much. She laid out options for payment, and she answered my questions without any attitude. Overall...I think I made the right choice in coming here. But...I still have a tooth in pain, and to fix it will require a re-crown and about $1G out of my pocket to fix. So in that regard my main reason for going in...immediate relief, was not handled. At this point as I still have tooth pain, and since they haven't done extensive work yet I'm going to put them at 3 Stars, and as this relationship goes along I'll post updates and tweak the star count accordingly. One thing they really need to work on...on the PC screen on a couple of occasions I saw the list of patient names they were seeing all week. I'm sure this is a HIPAA medical records privacy issue of some kind. You shouldn't be able to see who the dentist saw earlier in the day, much less all week long. That's another reason for the loss of a star or two.
3	I needed a dentist that opened weekends because I have a schedule of Mon-Fri, I had called a few places and they were booked one month out! All I wanted was a cleaning! So I decide to give GVDG a call since they are open on Saturdays and they scheduled me for the following week. I was relieved! I came in and the receptionist was really friendly right off the bat! My hygienist was wonderful! I didn't get my cleaning because I have to have a few procedures done, so that really disappointed me. I originally came in because I saw that Dr. Frantz had great reviews, he only came in the room once for about 2 minutes and that was it, didn't really say much. With my schedule it's really hard to get things done so to get my procedure done they had to set me up for 2 appointments, I didn't like that idea. When I get things done they have to be done right there and then. I went out of town, phone was stolen, I couldn't reschedule and now it might be a while until I get back in or find another office that can have ALL the work done on the same day. I asked if I could have a day when all the work could be done and that just didn't happen. We'll see what happens next. That's the only reason I'm giving them 3 stars or else it would have been 5.
1	I came here because it was a recommendation from one of my good friends.  She was shocked about my experience here.My first visit was just a simple xray, check up and cleaning.  I was told I needed to get a crown and to fill some cavities.  Dr. Frantz insisted that I needed a crown ASAP due to the cavity size and what not on my tooth.  I wanted to give it some more thought.  But I went ahead and made a second appointment to get my cavities filled.  I do have to say I thought the the procedure went well for getting my cavities filled.  But here's the downfall on the second visit.  As I was leaving, I was expecting to pay for my copays for the filings. No problem, BUT I was also billed for a cleaning I had the 1st visit.  Apparently it was not the typical normal cleaning by the hygienist. I told her, I was NOT aware or informed about that the cleaning they gave me on my 1st visit and that I was going to be billed more for it.  So If you want to be billed WITHOUT giving verbal or written consent to the procedure they are going to do to you.. THIS IS THE PLACE. The receptionist could only give me a :shrug: and a half smile as a response. It wasn't the receptionist's fault. She was just doing her job.  I have not replaced that tooth that needed a crown in 3 months. I've had no issues with that particular tooth and had 2 second opinions saying there was no urgency to replace my current tooth with a crown. So thanks Dr. Frantz for thanks for trying to scare me so I can give you more money.
5	Came back here at their new location. Never liked goin to the dentist first pf all. Stepped into the oficce and Have never seen such a beautiful modern office before. I would call it a dental spa lounge. My hygienist Michelle was sooo gentle i could fall asleep. The front desk staff was sweet and kind. Dr. Dorilag is handsome and was very gentle as well. Im definitely recommending this place! Came out of the office smiling!
1	I've been meaning to update my review after I got a second opinion somewhere else so here it is.I never got the cleaning I had scheduled here. When they were measuring my pockets I felt as if I were getting stabbed, my gums did bleed when they were getting measured. The hygienist let me know that I needed to get a scaling and rooting done. I said fine and got the price, they sent me on my merry way.What threw me off is that the hygienist said that I've most likely had gum problems for years but that no one ever caught it. I had the same dentist since I was about 11 and I think he would have caught that.I ended up going to another dentist for a second opinion and he told me my gums and teeth were fine. He measured my pockets, not a hygienist, no stabbing of my gums either. Thanks to the second opinion, I was saved from having to spend almost $400 and I got my cleaning done. The hygienist and doctor here were really nice but I would not recommend them, specially after they made me totally freak out over nothing.
5	Dr. Dorilag is amazing!!! The front office staff is super helpful.  I went in knowing that I would eventually need an implant.  The office has been wonderful about the whole process.  They have been monitoring the tooth and doing my regular cleanings, etc. without being pushy about spending the money on the implant which is not covered by insurance.  The front desk staff is great and they sent in everything for pre-approval with my insurance company and then gave me all the cash prices for what wasn't covered so I could save if I chose not to finance the procedure. Additionally, they told me what parts of the procedure were optional.  I have seen three of the dental hygienists.  All three did a very good job.  The two hygienists that I have been back to are amazing.  The other did a good job but kept giving me her opinion that I needed to see an orthodontist, even though I had a nationally ranked orthodontist in the first place and the dentist seemed to think my teeth were fine.  The front desk has been great and at my request never scheduled me with the hygienist I had the issue with.
5	Michelle and Angela are the two dental hygienists I recommend.  Both are excellent at their job and friendly.The new office is wonderful and easy to get to without much traffic!  I had another great appointment with Dr. Dorilag.  He took the time to answer all my questions and tell me what the plan is for the next year.  No rushing here, they really care about their patients!  So glad to see Melissa is back at the front desk/insurance (I missed her last time I went in).  She is a genius with the insurance and billing and takes time to explain everything in terms you can follow.  Plus, while the procedure I need isn't covered they waived all the optional parts (when they could have just pretended they were necessary) and gave me a discount if I pay all at once - saving me about 30% or $2,000.  Any office who is willing to be honest and loose money has good customer service!
3	I needed a dentist for some pain I was experiencing. I was referred by a friend.  I thought the staff was pleasant enough and professional. They got me back in a timely manner. Unfortunately,  I didn't get my needed relief and I needed to schedule yet another appointment.  The reason I went was somewhat of an emergency.  I lost a filling and needed that fixed. I was provided a full list of additional teeth I needed to address which is fine but I wanted my one tooth fixed that day. I had to go elsewhere the next day to fix my tooth.
4	Dr. Dorilag is great! The front office staff is always friendly!
5	I've been a long time patient with Green Valley Dental Group and all I can say is that I've never been disappointed with the service I have received. Their new location is beautiful and I love the decor. Dr. Frantz and his staff are amazing. I totally recommend anyone as a patient.
1	They want you to sign a document charging a large amount of money if you don't cancel within 24 hours, yet they make you wait and wait when you're there for your appointment. I'm always on-time!! I've owned two businesses and don't treat my customers that way. I'm going somewhere else.
