4	I've been a Sam's Club member for years and this is my favorite store.  Why?  For all of the following reasons:- People are nice here.- For some reason, it's not as busy as all of the other Sam's Clubs I've been to.- Parking is easy.- Rarely any lines at the gas station.Will I return?  2 or 3 times a month! I'm also a member at Costco and I still come here.
4	It is good for certain things and really A-OK in my book since were just two people and can't always utilize bulk perishable items though they look good. The one lifesaver item is Zyrtec comes is 100count packs here for 30 something bucks. A 40 count is $25 at the store! We both have allergies so thats big savings for us.I am a fan of this particular location since they aren't as busy as the other location we were heading to.
4	Sam's Club... what is there to say about this place? Well, I am a regular here! Though, we aren't like most people who shop here once a month or once every other month.. we stop by Sam's about 2 times a week! We usually only buy 2-3 items at a time.. not flatbeds full! The strawberries they carry (usually go for the Well Pict brand) are always big, pretty, and very sweet. And their other fruit selections is always top quality! Too bad you can't really buy single servings, but that's okay since I love food.This is the usual place I go for my food needs. Stop by around the afternoon and get to try all the samples. Which is a hit or miss. But yeah, I go here for fruits, meats, da vinci and torani sf syrups, huge packs of spam, artichoke hearts, flavored almonds, and other goodies.This specific location does seem better than others I've gone to, because it is cleaner, the people are very friendly, and parking is simple. It is also a convenient location in the Centennial. And as mentioned, not as busy.
3	Pretty busy.... Poor location! I normaly go to the one on Craig, but was on this side of town...
3	I'm a regular here because I live close by. I come here for somethings not everything. You just have to be a smart shopper and keep a list of things they sell & prices with Costco. I used to love coming to Sam's club because they had my blue chips and yoohoo but they stop carrying them. So I'm not such a big fan nowadays. But there meats (tri tips, sirloin, beef chucks etc ) are cheaper when the have the manager discount/mark downs. But there chicken is expensive. Costco chicken is cheaper. For example this week 2/19 chicken wings at sam's is $1.13 per lb and Costco is $0.99 per lb, sam's chicken thigh in the freezer is $1.81 per lb and Costco same chicken thigh in freezer is $1.61 per lb, all these few coins adds up. But sam's club cooking oil in the 25lb is cheaper then Costco but Costco's honey is cheaper then sam's. It just keeps going on so just do your own comparing price shopping. Also Costco has more coupons and there return policy is awesome no one can beat that.Back to Sam's the gas is cheaper sometimes. Costco has cash back with there credit card 3% extra on gas.Sam's used to carry Wonder burger buns 12ct & hot dog buns 12ct  for $1.99 but they also stop carrying that. Seems like everything I like they're slowly stop carrying it. sigh. I don't buy fruits at Sam's because it's not sweet enough like Costco. But I do buy lemons because it's cheaper. There veggies is pretty good tho. Like snap peas and french beans. Also sam's don't have enough organic stuff. Sam's pizza taste pretty ok if your pretty hungry otherwise it's blah.Sam's club is an nice place if there is no Costco around. But I'll still go to Costco.Each place has it's own special quality.
1	I went into the tires department to get a flat fixed. I bought my tires there so they do it for free, which is amazing!So I go in a wait for about 30 minutes for the the patch up the tire. Once I get outside to my car, I hear air leaking from my tire. I go to look and see that my tire pressure sensor gauge is sticking out of the tire and then goes flying out and almost hits me in the face. My tire went instantly flat. The guy came out to look at it and said "Uhh.....okay." He said "We'll just put it back in. It should take 20 minutes." So I go back inside to sit down. About 2 hours later, he comes in and says "we had to replace it with a new one, but I got it in. The new one isn't made for your car, though." My car has a system that shows when the tire pressure is low in my tires. So this time I go outside and turn on my car and the system says it didn't pick up any reading from the tire. They said "Okay. Well come back tomorrow. We have a guy who knows how to reset it. Not all of us have taken the class yet." So I go back the next day and was told it'd take 45 minutes tops. I waited 3 hours. I finally go up to the desk and ask what the hold up was! The guy goes out to the car, which mind you was the ONLY ONE in the garage, and asks the mechanic what was taking so long. They come back in and asked if I had a car remote. I said no and was then informed that it was the only way to reset the pressure system. So I waited  3 hours for them to tell me something I could have heard the day before. They called the Pontiac dealership up the street to see if they could reset it. They said "yes, but we're closed." So I had to drive back THE NEXT DAY to have it reset. When I get there, they said "Well, it's not made for your car, so why would they put it in? We might not be able to reset it." After about 45 minutes, they were ale to reset it at no charge to me. After all of the waiting, I was given a $10 Sams Club gift card for my trouble. $10 for all of the gas I wasted and hours I sat there while they were doing nothing but being idiots.Don't take your cars to them. They're freaking stupid.
3	The meat, fruit, vegetable and pastry selections are very good. They have a large variety of frozen foods and other items. Their prices are very competitive. My main problems with this store is finding certain products in areas where they should be, out of items or items not being in stock and having to wait in long lines. The perks of membership far outweigh the negatives.
3	I come here because its closer than costco, has okay samples. I wish they wouldn't allow their employees to blare rap music at the check outs. I'm often here to buy fruit,veggies and waste time and get into some nice AC. I prefer this over Costco because I can use any kind of card I want, and it came with a 15$ gift card for military members!
2	We went to Sam's Club because Costco stopped carrying the gigunda-sized boxes of Sweet & Low, which I go through like water with my Four Ventis a Day Starbucks addiction, all made at home.  We're not Sam's Club members, because I had been to one once in New Jersey and found it a poor third-cousin to Costco. We had to wait in line at customer service to get our one-day pass, and did we ever wait.  That's because, unlike the big C, there is just one line for returns and any other business you might have.  Not much different from Walmart, huh?  So we waited, and waited, while one clerk - just one - helped some woman doing we don't know what.  Finally, another clerk came along, and we learned that the 5% premium we'd have to pay if we bought something was now 10%.  Okay, it still would be cheaper than buying the little boxes at Walmart, by a long shot.The clerk was very friendly.  Too friendly.  And too busy.  She also had to answer phone calls, so we waited some more while she took care of those.  And because she was friendly, the calls went on for some time.  Also, because she was friendly, she chatted with us non-stop, further delaying our quest for The Pink Stuff.We ambled around Sam's Club, comparing it to our beloved Costco, and just as I remembered, it came up way short.  Smaller store, smaller selection, nothing compelling.  Come to think of it, maybe we should switch to a Sam's Club membership.  We'd sure save a lot of money.And in the end, they didn't have the Sweet & Low, either.  I guess I'll have to start skimming some at Starbucks when I buy the beans  ;)
4	I come here for very specific things...like their Pellegrino water, Acai berry juice, breakfast bars, Truffle cheese, Shake and protein mix, cleaning supplies and and a few other misc things.  The most useful time for me is hosting and parties though, since our family is a little small, and I don't need to buy 18 tons of cheese balls and pretzels at a time.I've checked prices on electronics like laptops and TVs too, and they are usually pretty competitive, but I usually stick to the food items here.Not sure if I will be renewing my membership this year...maybe I can jump on my Mother's account?  But it's definitely worth the money if you buy a ton of food at a time.
3	Its Sam's if you need a four year supply of mayo they got it. Cheap lunch in cafe. Nice for bulk buys, clean store.
3	Sam's Club isn't bad for a warehouse store. This location is pretty large and is always clean. This Sam's Club caries lots of bulk snack foods and freezer items, so if you have kids or a large family or something like a business or a sports team you are shopping for, this store would certainly fit the bill for that that. For a warehouse store the prices a great too. What I am not a fan of about Sam's Club is; at the end of the day, it's still just a giant Wal-Mart. Also, yes they carry the basics here, but you won't find as many specialty food items here like you will at Costco. Nor will you find those neat one of a kind buys like you will at Costco. So for the household basics Sam's Club is great and it just happens to be closer to my house than Costco. But I will never quit paying for my Costco membership, even if I don't make it there nearly as often.
4	Sam's is always a great place for bulk items of food, drinks, meat, produce etc...  The electronics section is pretty awesome too.  We've bought multiple electronics from here.  The store is always clean and the staff is always friendly.  Items that we come here for:When having a party:Meat - Bulk is always cheaper!  The ribs (sold in 3 racks) are always a stealCheese - always way cheaper than grocery storesProduce - in some cases cheaper than purchasing small bulks (like lettuce, apples etc)Alcohol - seems to always be better prices than the stores-the beer is priced similar to regular stores.Plates/cups etc - good selection and good priceFreezer section - great selection - lots of party food to throw in the ovenChips/bread - family size bags of chips.  I recently bought some bread and got it home and it was moldy.  BummerFor everyday items:Rotisserie chicken - $4.99 Can't beat itSoda/Gatorade/kids juice - Definitely great deals you wouldn't want to shop anywhere elseDetergent - cheaper and huge (we usually refill a smaller jug because it so bigGolf shirts - the BF has found some awesome brand name golf shirts herePeanut butter - a medium size is as much as the two large at Sam'sMeat section - always good to buy and package by serving sizeFrozen chicken breast - packaged by serving size (6oz).  10 lb bag $21.00Just some items to give you an idea.  This store is a membership.  I believe I bought my membership for $35 or $40 for annual pass.  They have a cafeteria style place in the front of the store that you can get very cheap drinks and food-I mean FOR DOLLARS.  You can feed the whole fam with hotdogs and pizza with drinks for under $10.00.  My only complaint about this store really is they just installed the self check outs and they don't have anyone monitoring these lanes.  Saturday it seemed like every lane had issues scanning but there wasn't anyone there to help.  They really need to keep those flowing a little smoother or why have them?***Don't forget the gas.  Amazed that it actually closes in a 24 hour city but the prices are always great and who doesn't love cheaper gas prices?Overall this is a weekly visit for us and we will keep coming back for more...for convenience, stock up and entertaining at affordable prices.
3	This location is alright. Most of the staff members are actually quite nice, and they've made my many experiences here enjoyable and easy. I just wish they had just as much items as Costco :( Other than that, this place is alright. It can get crowded a little and sometimes not a lot of check out places are open, so lines are long. I'd still shop around here, since it's the nearest location.
2	I give the star to the employees only but SAMs sucks when it comes to clothing for larger people same with walmart sorry but we are a larger nation and big people need cloths too I believe the also discriminate against larger people when they charge more and don't carry sizes that fit most large people. Get on the band wagon and treat us big people equal!!!!
4	Location:  In the same shopping area of Walmart and nestled behind Del Taco & Starbucks, heading north on Centennial Pkwy.It's situated on the right hand side of Walmart which makes it very convenient to do your bulk shopping here and go to Walmart next door for smaller stuff.  I do find that unlike most other Sam's Club that I know of, this is the only one that has a self checkout lane.  My guilty pleasure coming to this store is the triple berry sundae at the food court that I prefer over the one offered at Costco (something about the ice cream that is more tasty).   Every time I go to Walmart, I find myself being pulled into Sam's just for this treat, but learning to resist the thought.  In terms of grocery items, they do offer a smaller packaging than what Costco offers, but can be pricier as the latter seems to be more competitively priced.  The great benefit of Sam's is that they do have stuff for the kitchen like measuring cups, pots, etc. whereas Costco seems to have them only at the business center on MLK.Although the store itself seems to only accept cash, check, or Discover card, the gas pump does accept credit cards other than Discover.  I do find that the Sam's on Spring Mtn. offers a better gas price than the one here.  Just make sure that when you visit this place, to have your membership card as the customer service can be busy and waiting in line to get a temporary card can be cumbersome.
4	Warning--this review is not for the faint of heart!! Sam's Club has so many cheap items in bulk, you and your wallet may have a heart attack. It has everything here from optometry to food to beauty. How can anyone not find stores like Sam's Club useful?! As you pass through the pretty pretty SMART tv's and try all the food samples..try not to get too distracted. Just get your eggs, milk, vitamins..etc, and go, go, go!! If you don't, you just might really faint when you get that bill in the mail!At the end of your shopping experience, they do have a self-checkout for a faster line and a food court with cheap cheap American favorites! Though, I think Costco's food court beats Sam's, so that's why they lost a star...but it's still worth the price. See? They still try to get ya at the end! But, on the serious side, Sam's is cheap and is one of those novelty stores that everyone loves visiting to save money.So, CLIP THOSE COUPONS and come on down!!!!
4	This is actually a review of the "Cafe" inside Sam's Club (not Sam's Club, itself).  It's embarrassing, but the Sam's Club cafe is probably one of our more favorite places to eat.  The menu selection is pitiful, but the hot dogs and pizza they serve are excellent.  Couple the excellent (though limited in selection) food with their large serving size and their dirt cheap prices (less than $3 for two pieces of pizza (or a huge hot dog) and a large, refillable soft drink), and it's hard to beat.  The downside is that the environment is miserable:  you stand in a crowded line to order and get your food, and then sit on hard plastic picnic tables in the "foyer" of their large, cold, crowded, noisy, warehouse-type store.  Oh, and of course, hot dogs, pizza and soda pop are not exactly health food (did I mention they have various types of soft-serve (well, it's currently frozen yogurt)?).  But, for the price, it's still excellent.
3	I like the idea of buying in bulk but as a single man there is much I simply cannot use from Sam's.  Like when I tried to buy a loaf of bread the other day.  I was told they were two for $5 and change.  I did not need two loaves and they would not allow me to buy just one.  I hate that.  It is so irritating when stores force you into buying more than you need.  On the plus side, I got some awesome free samples of various food like products and even a taste of Jack Daniels.  I always like free samples.  I also found some cheap DVDs.  Like the Austin Powers trilogy in one set for just $4.98.  I can live with that.  One thing I wish Sam's had was boxes to put purchased items into.  A system like Costco has.  Loose stuff floating around my trunk and loose stuff to try to carry into home is one of those inconveniences that I just don't appreciate.  Overall, I'm not thrilled with Sam's Club.  I'm sure I'll be back for some supplies in the future though not as frequently as I would go to sister store Walmart.  I'm just glad my dad added me to his account so I am not forced to pay for a membership I would rarely use.
3	I gave three stars because it's hit or miss with customer service here. Most of the time the staff is friendly and helpful. But, I've had a couple of bad experiences. Today I had a bad experience. I had to return a box spring. The lady at customer service, Daisy, greeted me by saying "You have to bag that." Firstly, what happened to "Hello. How may I help you?"  Secondly, why aren't they bagging it? They sold me a defective product. Finally, I called ahead to see what was expected of me as it is a large somewhat expensive item. There was no mention of bagging the box spring. Anyway, Daisy, was rude for the remainder of my visit. I asked her why she was being rude to me. I confronted her as not to go over her head and tell a manager. This lady started arguing that she wasn't rude and the manager approached anyway. Just goes to show every dog has its day. Unfortunately, I will be returning because it's convenient. Hopefully, I never have to deal with Daisy again.
4	Great customer service. I have needed to return products and have never had any problems. Even when my sonic care tooth brush stopped working after a year and a half they replaced it. Meat department is great. As well as produce. I love that I can use click and go on the computer and the next day my stuff will be ready for Mr up front to purchase.  The only thing I have been frustrated with is the everyday products changing ie...laundry soap, dish soap, kitty litter.
4	I like Sam's Club. It's closer to my house then Costco but I think Costcos bakery is better. I do love the food court though. It's cheap and filling. I always get the hot dog combo that comes with a drink for $1.50 and a pretzel with cheese for $1.50. For $3 you seriously you can't beat the price. My only complaint is this past weekend we waited in what I thought was a short line for over 15 minutes with no acknowledgement from the cashier that there was a problem with the customers she was helping. She just kept looking around obviously waiting for a manager or something but couldn't let us know what was going on. I ended up switching lines and when I left the same people were still waiting for whatever issue they had to be solved.
3	I love that everything here is so cheap in bulk. My only complaint is that they have far less items then you would see at a grocery store.
4	Everything here is cheap, and comes in bulk which is great. We love to just go and browse around, we always seem to find some great not so pricey treasures to take home. Great book selection and clothing.
2	Found two different items on were the blueberries, on two different sides of a table display. All the containers were the same size 18oz. On one side the price listed $3.68 on the other side of the table $5.68. Exactly the same product, same weight, same manufacturer. The other were Sandisk 2-pack (Cruzer Glide, USB flash drive), 16gb each for 19.00 after immediate discount at register. With tax comes to about $21.00. Sitting directly on top of the ones on discount were others that were also 16 gb each, however were about $27. Didn't realize until I'm at the register. I believe when stores do this it's a conscious  marketing decision to deceive the consumer. That's what I get for not reading further on the description. Their hope is that we will get to the check out and pay for the higher priced item, because we don't want to go back to make the exchange. Welllllllllll, I didn't purchase the $27 ones, did complete my purchase. I also found Dreft detergent less expensive at Target.
5	I really like this sams club. The people are always nice and they have a great selection. I really like the self checkout. Great store.
1	Was supposed to pick up my prescription on October 11 and even called the day prior.  Two prescriptions were ready but not the other as the medicine was unavailable.  While I go to pick up my original script the pharmacy tech informs me that they have my medicine.  So I sit and wait and the Pharmacist asks what I am waiting for and I inform him that indeed they have my medicine which he responded oh I get confused.  This Pharmacist M is also running in and out of the pharmacy preforming flu shots between filling scripts.  Absolutely Insanity.  When I call customer service it's no better as they have a who cares attitude. Being a Retired Drug Store Manager your establishment needs polish.
3	We frequent SAMs on a weekly basis. This review is a little late.. About a month probably. It's based on the lack of 2 products- maruchan instant lunch w/shrimp and best foods mayonnaise. I kept going back to check for the products and one day finally decided to ask. When I asked about the mayonnaise my response was, "uh I don't know". When it came to the cup of noodles, my final answer was, "there's chicken and there won't be any more shrimp". Okay, guess I'll have to go to the spring mountain location for the shrimp ones. Hopefully they don't do away with it. As for best foods mayo, we got some from this location yesterday :)
5	I like it better than Costco.
