1	I went to have their buffet with my family on a Saturday. The selection looked appetizing, but tasted HORRIBLE. A salt lick was disguised as dinner (fortunately, I probably will not need embalming fluid once I pass -- considering the incidental preservation). Since i picked it out, I was trying to trick my wife into thinking I liked it, but I could not make it through a 2nd plate. The waitress was poor. Her shrill manner and punch-drunk words almost equaled the disgusting taste of the food. Sadly, EVEN Old Country Buffet's service and food far exceed that of this sh*thole at a 1/3 of the cost.
5	The best time to go to Fitzgeralds is on Sunday for their Brunch. It is great. They have a large selection of food for everyone. I would definitely recommend this place for Sunday brunch. We've been going their for years, and it never disappoints.
2	Quick review: classic supper club with a decent bar area and a large seating area.  Skip the buffet fish - definitely subpar.  Perhaps "menu" options are better?  Detailed review: Went here for Friday night fish fry, as we'd heard their cod and haddock were some of the best around.  Wandered in to the bar area, which is actually quite nice and very large.  Found two seats at the bar, ordered a Rocky's Revenge (on tap) and a Whiskey Old Fashioned Sour.  The bartender seemed confused by the old fashioned request - she didn't know if she should muddle it with oranges or cherries or both... we coached her and she got it done, but I'm sad to report the Old Fashioned was average at best.The bar features bowls of free snacks - Gardetto's and freshly popped corn.  Drink prices were reasonable, and the other folks sitting around us were friendly and personable.Our table became ready at around 6pm, and after browsing the menu options we decided to go with the buffet.  In hindsight, this was probably a mistake.The buffet features broasted chicken, two types of baked haddock (seasoned/buttered and plain), deep fried cod, several casseroles, some veggies, and several potato options (baked, broasted, or steak fries).  There's also a salad bar, although it costs $2.99 extra.The baked plain haddock was firm and largely flavorless.  It didn't have a light, flaky texture, or a good mouth feel.  It was really quite lifeless and unexciting.  The fried cod reminded me of a frozen Vande Kemps fish fillet.  Really crispy, but lacking in flavor.  Truly a disappointment.The broasted potatoes were good, as were the casseroles.  My baked potato was still quite firm in places - I wonder if it wasn't fully cooked?  Finally, the veggies seemed like frozen veggies that had been steamed to serve.Fitzgerald's buffet fish fry = FAILService = 2 stars (rarely saw our waitress)Food = 1.5 stars (really uninspiring and tasteless)Value = 2 stars ($13 + $2.99 for salad bar)MISC = 3 stars (nice bar area; I'd go back here for drinks with the family)Summary - there are many better options available, and who knows - the menu fish may be better than the buffet, but I don't feel like trying it again to see.
1	Yeah, I have to agree with the other reviews. Had the fish fry last week. Really tasteless and not good. Some pieces were way over cooked. Salad bar was ok, but all the prices are high for what you get. Bar area was nice and bartenders nice and quick to get drinks. I think this place must be better for steaks or breakfast - skip the fish.
3	We were looking for a Sunday brunch buffet a while ago and found this place on google. Very excited to try a new place in Middleton. When we got there, the place was half empty but it was almost full with my second plate.The price was ok compared to that of Great Dane for Sunday brunch buffet. They definitely need some seafood or better meat choices. The salad bar was good enough and I liked the omelet too.I give 3 star for this restaurant since I kinda enjoyed eating there.
3	A solid three star experience.  We did the Sunday Brunch.  I liked the salad bar and some of the selections but many of what I put on my plate was dull and spice less.  For the price I think the value was good and the service was better than average for a buffet.  We'll go back someday but we won't be in a hurry to do so.
1	Wish I would have consulted Yelp before dining here... I'm new to the area, and drive past this place quite often, and thought I'd give their Sunday brunch a try. Big mistake. The food was awful. With the exception of the salad bar and fresh fruit, everything tasted and looked like it had been previously frozen or canned. Simply put - I've had continental breakfasts at the Holiday Inn that were better.Our waiter was a nice guy. Very pleasant. Too bad the food wasn't.
3	After posting my first review of Fitzgerald's, I was contacted by the restaurant and politely asked to give them another try. I really appreciated this - it showed to me that they care about what people are saying and trying to improve. So we went to Fitzgerald's again last Sunday for dinner. Upon entering we noticed some changes. Looks like the remodeled some and I liked the changes. Some things were still a bit old, so maybe this is still in progress (but heading in the right direction). We were greeted right away and sat at a nice table away from the door. Our waitress was excellent, very nice and did a great job. 4 or 5 stars for service which is always good. Our group ordered steak and ribs for dinner. I got a Filet Mignon - the petite size for $24.99. It was good and cooked properly. Came with a cup of Au Jus for some reason which I'm not used to getting with a filet. (and later spilt everywhere). To be honest the steak was a bit small for the price. It did come with salad bar and a side, both of which were quite good. My wife got a Ribeye (I think) and she wasn't as happy. Better size for the price, but she said it was kind of tough. My mom got the ribs and although a bit lathered in sauce for me, she loved it. I did enjoy the salad bar, for a day that was probably not so busy - it was well kept and everything seemed very fresh. The waitress also brought out a loaf of hot fresh baked (or at least warmed) bread. Call me old fashioned, but I loved this. Very good bread and a nice touch to a meal. Overall, everything was decent even if the portions were a bit small for the price. I was wavering between 3 and 4 stars because the server did such an excellent job. I'm happy to revise my review and trust that Fitzgerald's is a nice neighborhood place that is doing its best to improve each day.
4	We've been to Fitzgerald's three times since my son started at UW.  We were looking for a place to get a good steak that was more of a homey, comfortable place rather than the upscale/glitz offered at a number of other steakhouses in the Madison area.  We were happy with our choice.  If you are looking for upscale/glitz or culinary innovation, this isn't the place for you.  The look is a little dated, but clean and well cared for.  I'm a little old fashioned I guess, when I go to a restaurant it is for the meal and not the "experience."  Between myself and my family over the three visits we had a number of entrees, including prime rib, filet mignon, broasted chicken, barbeque ribs and fettuccini alfredo.  My daughter reported the fettuccini as mediocre, but each of the other entrees was tasty, cooked to specifications and well portioned.  We tried most of the side dishes and the only one we would not order again was the rice.  We had several appetizers including cheese curds and onion rings; all were very good.  Fresh, warm bread was served (and more offered when it was finished) and the soup/salad bar, while not extensive, was very good.  Prices weren't cheap, but were reasonable for what we got.  Service was very good without the pretentiousness we've encountered at more upscale places.  Not the place for everyone, I'm sure, but we were very happy with it and I'm sure we will go again the next time we are in town.  The Sunday brunch looks very interesting, I'd like to try that.
5	If you like fresh, good, normal food check out the Brunch at Fitzgerald's. The restaurant is a nice break from the "fancy & eccentric" food from other places nearby. Food on brunch buffet is fresh, simple and some of the best I've had on a buffet in the Madison area. I would highly recommended a visit to Fitzgerald's any Sunday morning.
