2	They might know tires, but they don't know how to troubleshoot problems with my VW.  They said I needed an idle control valve, but there's one problem; my car doesn't use one (it controls the idle by the ECU).  They then wanted to replace the entire throttle body.  My problem was solved by doing an ECU reset.
4	The Big O people at this store really do know tires.  They have always treated me well.  Above all, they have been honest about how much time a tire job would take.  I really appreciate knowing it will be 2 hours and not being told 1/2 hour only to wait and wait.  The two hour tire repair was the case today as they were very busy.  Knowing this, I left the tire with them and came back later to have it remounted and the spare returned to where it belongs.I can't say but good about this outlet.  They are very good at what they do!
5	So, I come home from running my errands in the evening and realize that, "oh man!!!  I have a nail in my tire!"  I decide to call Big O Tires the next morning to see if they can patch it.  The customer servicer rep on the phone was very friendly and told me to come right in to have it looked at.  Of course, they warned that they couldn't do it if it wasn't "safe".  I have no idea what that means, but hey, it's worth a shot to fix the tire than buy a new one.The next morning, I pump the tire back up, drove it in, and they got started right away.  The technician took it off, patched it and put the whole thing back on 10 minutes tops.  To make the whole experience even better, it was free!  Fanastic!  Turns out that it's a complimentary service that tires centers do in general, but it wasn't even a tire that I purchased from them!  Conclusion:  They were quick, efficient and makes it better that the service came with a friendly smile.
1	Terrible place! Gordon was the manager there assured me my vehicle would be repaired completely and in a timely manner, ha!!!! I got my car back a day and a half later, the mechanic forgot to put a bolt back on and ended up costing me $1,200 in new repairs! When I confronted the manager he dismissed the problem and basically hid from me. I recently found out he got fired for some shady stuff. Maybe they should fire everyone there and start fresh.
1	I would give this place a zero if I could. First of all I brought my car in for a low tire warning in January and they filled up my tires and said I need an alignment and I said sure why not. Then in March I had a nail in my tire and brought it in and the nail was in the side of the tire so I had to get two new ones. No big deal. However, after putting on the new tires they said I needed an alignment. I said I just had one done here a month and a half ago. Ooops. Then they said I needed new shocks. However, when I brought my car in, in January, they said everything looked fine even my shocks. Then they said I needed my transmission flushed and I told them that I just had it done three months prior. As I sat there they gave everyone the same line....especially the women coming in were given the hard sell and I think everyone paid to get it done and it isn't cheap. Stay away from this place.
1	SCUM BAGS! I wish i could give negative stars. came in here for them to fix my AC in my Mercedes since it all of a sudden just stopped working. The guy behind the counter told me he had put a ultra violet wash through my AC to see where it was leaking. That was 82$ My AC worked for about 4 days and once again went out. So i brought it back and the guy (at the same location) told me they couldn't see where it was leaking from. He started using his "mechanic talk" and told me he could fix it. 162$ later i paid in cash and it just so happened their printer wasn't working so i couldn't get a receipt. Then as i was leaving the other guy behind the counter (skinny, shorter) asked me if i had weed in my car. I said No and he said "Damn i was going to ask if i could buy some from you" uhhh WTF! And once again, my AC went out 3 days later. I ended up going to a different mechanic and told them about the UV flush. This mechanic took me into the shop and put up a black light and no trace of UV was seen. He ended up putting the flush through my car and 2 weeks later i took it back and he put the black light up again, you could clearly see the neon residue everywhere and where it was leaking.I called the Big O Tires and spoke to a manager. I told him about what happened & he said there was nothing in the computer about me coming in the 2nd time, or paying any money. He also said their wasn't anything in my file about a UV flush. I felt so cheated and deceived. I really hope this review gets out there and lets everyone know to STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE.
5	Well, it's obvious from the reviews of this tire shop there's a lot of subjectivity related to auto repair! Buyer beware is the best tactic, as always, but my recent experience was positive. The manager was Chris, very friendly and helpful, and was able to diagnose my car's needs on the phone, before he even saw it. They fixed the rotors and brake pads, and replaced the brake fluid. It was $400, and since I have no basis of comparison, while it seemed high, it included a lifetime warranty on the pads, so unless I sell the car, that will make it a fine value. The work was done in a timely way, and my car's shake as I braked at high speed was fixed. Pleasant experience, and the work was done professionally and in a timely manner.
1	Worst service ever from any business. Rude staff. Try to upsell and ultimately all just a huge ripoff. Have had decent service at other Big O locations but will not give my business to Big O ever again based on this experience.  Costco is a block away, service staff  infinitely better and they are honest. This location deserves negative stars!
4	So I used to go to Discount tires, but they are closed Sunday so I came to this Big O Tires.  The staff was super friendly,  I have been in twice and both times I was helped quickly and by very friendly guys.  Not sure why everyone is so cranky.  I got two new tires for my '98 ford ranger.  They were done in 20 minutes.  Great experience, not sure why ratings are so low.
1	My 17year old daughter was there getting tires. They then proceeded to inform her that she needed new brakes, rotors and the front suspension was shot. Naturally she was very upset and called me. When I spoke to the sales manager he repeated what he had told my daughter then became quite brusque when I told him I  would take it to our long time trusted mechanic. Which I did.Guess what?She needed none of those things. They had measured the pads and rotors and found them "we'll within" safe parameters and the front suspension was just fine thank you very much. Now we all know that the Big O mechanics had measured the pads and rotors just like my guy did. Which means they knew perfectly well that they were lying to us.I think that really speaks for itself.
1	Took my car to them in January to replace my rack and pinion. The day after they 'repaired' my car, all of the power steering fluid was on the floor of my garage. I took it back to them and they told me that my power steering pump had gone bad. Overnight? I called bs and they 'repaired' it again. After a week, the steering was still making noise. They looked at it and 'repaired' it again. I got the car home and the steering was still making noise. I called and was told that the pump and rack needed time to break in. Here I am, nine months later and the noise is still there. I took the car to a local shop and was told the rack and pinion was bad. I explained that I just had it replaced in January. After jumping through hoops, Big O finally agreed to pay to have the car repaired by this local shop. This, because Big O does not have shops in NY. Absolutely a blessing in disguise. I had my car repaired and when I drove it away from the shop - no more noise. Something I learned in this process - when taking your car in for repairs, ask if the service people are working on salary or commission. If they work on commission, run, run, run while you still have $ in your pocket.With all this being said, the staff at Big O were friendly. Not friendly enough to ever use them again, though - at any location. Truth be told, there is not enough friendliness to make up for shoddy work. Lesson to be learned here, Big O.
2	My husband took my car  in to Big O last year to get tires and brakes.  When my back brakes started grinding he wanted to take if back  to Big O as he liked the service we'd received last time. We went in the Sunday before  Christmas  at exactly 9:00 am.  I still had errands to run and the clock was ticking. We walked in and had to wait 15 minutes as the clerk made coffee, threw out the garbage and counted his bank. We were just about to walk out when he decided he was ready to help us.  I'm pretty sure the coffee and garbage could have waited since we were the only people there. We were definitely underwhelmed thus time by the service and wont bday returning.
1	Came in with a coupon for an oil change. I was told they were out of conventional oil. I suspect they say that to anyone with a coupon. I felt cheated. I went next door to Jiffy Lube and had a great experience.
5	Great group of guys who know their stuff - Cam is a one of a kind, stand up guy. Have trusted my car in the hands of Big O for the past 5yrs!
2	Got more of the same from the less than impressed reviews...guy said they are 'out of standard oil'. I'm sure they weren't. Anyway, got the mid grade oil change because of a big road trip. Cashier told me that we had a cracked AC belt even though I knew the car had no such belt. Staff seemed very inexperienced and never gave me a follow up quote on after work or gave us a reminder sticker. Long and short is our business will be going elsewhere in the future if nothing else based on a poor attention to detail. Also, I knew my car was done 20 minutes before they bothered to tell me. I had the time to kill and wanted to see if my expedited service was more important than the cashiers personal conversations...it apparently wasn't
5	This was my second experience with Big O Tires and I have to say...I'm very pleased with it. Dumping your hard earned money into fixing your car is a wretched feeling. However, when people help you save money on such expenses...it's a marvelous feeling. This store is in a nice neighborhood so I wasn't surprised when it was clean and well lit. The guys working there are incredibly friendly and helpful (wait, is this still a review for a repair shop?). Anthony was the one that assisted me throughout the process and I was very pleased with my visit. Thank you guys!
1	My mom has been taking her car here for many years and they keep screwing her royally.   They supposedly fixed an oil leak & charged her $1,000, she noticed when she got home that the oil was still leaking so she took it back to Big O and they told her that it was a different oil leak and charged her another $1,000.  To this day her oil is still leaking.  Every time she goes in there to get her oil changed they tell her that something else is wrong with her car.  Her car was in good shape before she took it to Big O, now it is ruined by them.
1	One of the worst experiences in customer service, including the potential for a damaged vehicle. I brought a 2004 Toyota Prius in for an oil change and tire rotation. After showing my coupon, I was up-sold since they "don't do oil change with conventional oil at this location". Very fishy, but I agreed to go for synthetic since I needed it done. I was given a time estimate of one hour, so I walked across the street to grab a coffee.15 minutes later I received a phone call, saying they won't work on my car because it has an oil drain valve installed and their policy doesn't allow them to work on those cars since they don't want to be held liable if the valve should open at some point and the oil would drain. Note that I installed this Fumoto Oil Drain Valve because after several oil changes the threads for the oil drain plug were stripped and the engine  started leaking oil. At one point I got the suggestion - ironically at another "Big O" location - to get a new oil pan, which would set me back approx. $300. Instead, the valve cost me $25, I installed it with JB Weld, all leaks are gone and oil changes are a breeze now. By the way, the Engine Oil Drain Valve has been tested and granted "Genuine Parts" status by 6 major motor vehicle manufacturers in Japan, including Toyota, Nissan, Mazda, Mitsubishi, Subaru and Isuzu. But "Big O" won't work on them. Okay...I returned and picked up my car with seemingly no services performed (not even the tire rotation which I would have paid for). I then decided to follow the advice "if you want something right, you need to do it yourself", I headed towards the closest auto parts store for fresh oil and a filter. When I got home to perform the oil change, I discovered after opening the hood that the lid for the air filter was not attached anymore but just loosely sitting on top of the engine. Looking closer I discovered the air filter had been removed and was missing!! Please mind that I had just driven a good 10 miles from "Big O" to the auto parts store and home - without an air filter and a big piece of plastic flying loosely around under the hood!I called up the store where store manager Cameron picked up. I told him what happened, but received no word of apology or offer for compensation. All he responded was "Yeah, they pulled it and didn't put it back in. You can come and pick it up." Luckily I had a second car at my disposal to drive there (I know a short drive without an air filter would have probably not killed the engine, but I was also just draining the oil).When I arrived I wanted to talk to Cameron in person about the incident, but the person at the front desk said he was not in. Interesting, I had just talked to him on the phone, and his name was written on the board on the wall as manager in charge. I  told the front guy person that I'm there to pick up my air filter that they had removed and didn't put back in, and a voice from the back office yelled "that thing's on the shelf in the shop"... What?The front desk guy then walked into the shop, got the filter and handed it to me without a saying any word of apology, or somebody offering me any sort of reparation for my time and potential damage to my car. All I could do was just walk out, swearing I would never visit this or any other "Big O Tire" location again, and that I would strongly discourage anybody to go there.
1	Bait and Switch ads.....beware.  $19 for balance and rotation?  Think again.  No where in the ad does it say this is for only TWO tires.  I paid additionally like an idiot, and I watched these guys do their "job".  Moe Larry and Curly could have done better.  They spun each wheel, added the weights, and failed to check that the machine zeroed out afterwards.  When I insisted I wanted my tires taken off the car and checked because of this idiotic "shortcut" due to laziness, three out of the four tires were more out of balance than before I took it in.  I wouldn't trust these guys to wash my dog, no less work on one of my cars.  A RIPOFF, CLIP JOINT---BEWARE.  Half-assed work and double the price----WHAT A DEAL!!!!!!   NEVER AGAIN, NOT EVEN FOR FREE.
1	Really unbelievable. Has to be fraud... could not be honest mistake. Had a noise under my car's front end. Big O diagnosed I needed new struts, new control arms, brake pads and rotors (only 10% life left), alignment, new tires... total cost almost $3,000. Went to my usual shop and he looked at my car. He diagnosed I needed the control arms, alignment, and tires. He could not believe anyone told me the struts or brakes were bad (60% life left). He wanted $1,100 for total repairs. Not only did he not lie to inflate my repair items, but his prices for parts and labor were only 2/3 for same items!! Suggest you stay away from this place unless you just like being taken advantage of. Yuuk!!
1	So I stop in at Big O tires because I had a slow leak in my rear tire. I pull in and I tell the the guy I have a leak and I want to get my tire plugged. He takes the tire off and finds a nail in the tread and takes the tire in the shop. As I am waiting for him to plug the tire I hear him take the tire off of the rim in the garage. I tell the other guy in the garage I wanted my tire plugged. This joker proceeds to tell me that it is against the law to plug tires...lol. So, of course I had to call him out on his lie. He then tells me it is 19.95 to patch the tire, but he won't charge me. He said just tip the other guy. Yeah, like I'm going to do what he tells me.So now I have been much longer than I should have and I need my tire high speed balanced because they had taken my tire off of the rim. So I go inside to pay and the guy tells me don't worry about it that there is no charge. I told him to give me a receipt just incase the tire was not repaired properly. I then told him how his employee lied about plugging tires and state laws. He apologized for the liar in the garage trying to scam me.Then I go to leave and Is see the guy trimming the plug off the tire. I asked him why there was a plug in my tire when he said it was against the law..lol. He said they patch and plug tires. This guy can't even scam people without getting caught in his lies. All of this could have been avoided if he would have spent the 30 seconds it would have taken to plug my tire.I'll be back there when Is need to rotate my tires. I always go back to places after I give them a bad review. I give them a chance to redeem themselves.All you have to do is be honest with people and you will make money at any type if business. When you lie to customers it discredits everyone at your place of business.
2	I dropped my car off with a flat. they said 10-20 minutes. I said please call me when it's done I need to go to work... Three hours later NO PHONE CALL. I go to the location to find my car up on the lift. They said you need new tires... OK I get new tires. wash my car a couple days later and find my custom chrome valve caps are missing (they put plastic caps on two tires and LEFT TWO TIRES WITHOUT CAPS). So I HAD TO GO BACK to the location only to have the manager tell me they don't have them in the shop, and would have to order them (NO VALVE CAPS IN A TIRE SHOP?!). So now I have to make yet ANOTHER TRIP back to the location. I will not be going back to this location.
1	A bunch of incompetent crew.  I called to make an appointment 4 days prior to getting the oil change.  However, the guy on the phone told me to "just walk in."  So I did, and of course they told me that it would be 2 HOURS wait.  What a stupid a$$.I've decided to contact the other location and they took the appointment right away.  I will never go back to this location on 10127 W Charleston.  And if you don't have to, I would suggest you go somewhere else.
1	The guys here used to be great, but my service was so terrible last time I was there I will never be returning. I had tires with severely cracked sidewalls that were still under warranty. Some cracks were so wide I could of fit a coin in it - so not your typical hairline "we live in a dry environment" crack. They dismissed the problem saying it's not bad enough to replace. Eventually they did replace two of the tires, but made me feel guilty they were going above and beyond and that I was unwarranted to want them replaced. I know if I was going to pay for new tires they wouldn't hesitate to tell me they needed to be replaced. Fast forward 2 months and one of my other two tires that they didn't replace has a huge crack on the interior sidewall found by the new shop I took my car to for an oil change. Not wanting to fight with Big O again about warranty or put the same crap tires on my car,  I am purchasing new tires from another store. I do not feel Big O cares about their customers being satisfied.
