5	Drop in and see Matthew if you're looking for an authentic barber in CenPho.  His place is quaint and nostalgic, the service is personal and genuine, and he won't ask you for an arm and a leg in exchange for a haircut.  He even offered a ride to my vehicle several blocks away since I had walked in.  This is my new barber.
5	Matthew's an excellent barber. Gives you a classy cut in a comfortable setting for only a couple bucks more than your typical strip-mall barber. Definitely worth it.
5	Forgive me, Bashir, for I have wandered. There's a new man in my life and his name is Matthew.I stopped by Barber Parlor last night because my friend James had given me a free voucher for a hair cut here. I called to set up an appointment after work. This barber parlor is located in a quaint cluster of indie shops just off the McDowell and Central Ave light rail station.  An authentic barber's chair awaits here, and an awesome haircut is what you can expect from Matthew. And who knew how close a hot shaving cream shave could be? Perhaps the best part of this experience is the shoulder-neck-scalp massage that punctuates your haircut. Oh, Matthew, you are a hair god!This is a cash-only establishment, so be sure to hit up the ATM before coming here. Walk-ins are welcome, but I'd call ahead just to be certain.
5	Top notch. He is now my go to barber. Charged only $16 for cut and beard trim, but I throw him a tip on top of that for an exceptional cut. He will ask you questions throughout the cut to make sure you end up with the cut you came for. Can't go wrong with this guy. And what a cool place!
5	A one man shop owned and operated by Matthew Gallegos.  Matthew is the the epitome of what a barber should be.  First, he listen to your wishes and concerns.  Then with great command,  he works his artistry on your hair.  All this with a good old set of clippers, scissors, and razor.  He wears a tie to display his respect for his trade and like old fashion barbers- he only accepts cash.The bohemian cluster of a once apartment complex now turned into commercial spaces sets the background.  Matthew's collection of Americana makes for a cool man's cave while waiting your turn.  No glitter, no gold here:  just a man's truly outstanding barber shop!
5	Matthew Gallegos is the best; professional, friendly, and an expert barber.  This is the best cut I have had in years.  I don't know why the $$ rating on Yelp--his prices are extremely low ($16 for a cut).  The atmosphere of his shop is great as well.  I was in town on business and I'm glad I'm coming back to Phoenix so I can get my hair cut by Matthew.  Go see him and you will not be disappointed.
5	Best local barber parlor period! From the nostalgic posters,books, and radio this place is a sure charmer for men who like the full service shave and haircut. The barber Matthew is a true barber with the technique and chatter that I have come to know and love in other cities around the country. Will definitely be a returning guest.
5	I have a new Barber and it's Matthew.  I normally go to a place next to where I live, but I was hurting for time and got a haircut on my lunch break.  Matthew is polite, professional and gives a great haircut.  I have been to a of great barbershops, this place is the best of them.
5	I had thought about not even doing a review because I wanted to keep this jewel all to myself. However, I cannot deny Matthew his due. This was an incredible barbershop experience.From the moment you walk in and see how is done up with all the vintage wall hangings, old time radio, barbershop artifacts and old and new movies playing, you are transported to a more simple era. His goal was to create a man-cave and he sure did. Great waiting area with super comfy chairs too. The aroma of the old style aftershaves lightly linger in the air, like a relaxing aroma from a happy memory.The hair cut was perfect. Matthew truly listens and has his own suggestions. This guy was meant to do what he's doing and the love of it shows in his great skill and personable way. The aftershaves are really intoxicating like the one I chose, champagne. ;)Call before to see if there is a wait, although you may not mind as the waiting room is so relaxing. Cash is king, no credit cards.I will paraphrase Borgart in Casablanca, "Matthew, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship."
5	Matthew Gallego is one of the best barbers I have ever been to.  I love the memorabilia in his shop, his professional demeanor, and his hospitality.
5	Wow! So glad I came in! Best haircut I could ask for. Came in all windswept and "come-overed" and left lookin' sharp! Matthew runs a tight ship too! A huge collection of photos and memorabilia adorn every surface in the comfy space making it feel very eclectic and cool... A place you don't mind waiting in line for your turn. Thanks, Matthew! Will definitely be back.
5	Matthew is that neighborhood barber I've been looking for.  $16 cut, shoulder massage, and an old fashioned foam trim on the sideburns and neck.  All your worries are wiped away as you walk into his shop and back to a simpler time.
5	Matt was very welcoming and gave me a great haircut at a very reasonable price. He is personable and professional. The place is very appealing and in a great up and coming area. I found a new permanent barber!
5	For many years, I would only let my wife cut my hair--having been burned by several botched haircuts from underqualifed hair personnel.  Eventually she grew weary of participating in my grooming, so I took a chance and tried out the House of Shave and Matthew Gallegos.  What an incredible experience.  He is talented, friendly, and professional.  Highly recommended.
5	I have been in the valley for a little less than a year and in that time I have had about 8 haircuts. Anything from a salon exp. to "super cuts" and everything in between.  I thought the glitz of the salon was a bit over the top for a good ole boy like me, and the super cuts made me feel like I was begging not to be butchered. So today I met Matthew at the "Barber Parlor", after reading the Yelp reviews of several downtown shops something about Matthew's place stood out. It seemed that people spoke more about his personal touch, and that was what drew me in. So I dropped in on my lunch hour and was not disappointed, Matthew was great, the shop was quaint and charming. One can tell that this place is Matthew's dream and he welcomes all new comers graciously. His haircut is quick but through, and one of the tightest cuts I have ever had. I will make sure to make Matthew's place my hometown shop.
5	Yes, I am adding yet another 5 star review to Matthew's excellent barber shop! This vintage style barber shop is located on McDowell Rd in Phoenix, just west of Central on the South side of the road. Parking is in the rear, so keep your eyes open for the side street. This is a cash only establishment, so bring some green. for my head shave and beard trim I think it comes out to $13, but I always bring a $20 and give it all to him, and I feel like I'm getting a deal every time. Matthew is always friendly and willing to chat as soon as I walk in the door. I have him shave my head with a straight razor and trim my beard. This is the first time I have ever had a beard and I would not trust anyone else with trimming it. Matthew always makes his customers feel welcome and comfortable in his shop. The atmosphere is cozy and fun. There are always good movies playing and the decorations mean that there is always something interesting to look at; I always seem to find something new every time I'm there. If you have to wait for him to finish with another customer, there are comfortable chairs and a couch to sit on and magazines to read. There is even a vintage fridge with water and sodas. Matthew has told me that he has worked in other barber shops before but the atmosphere wasn't quite what he wanted for his customers; so he started his own business. He has gone to great lengths to ensure that his shop is how HE wants it to be, and it shows. And obviously we all LOVE IT! Matthew is flawless with his straight razor head shaves. The hot towel and hot shaving cream feel AWESOME and seem to soften my skin like nothing else. Matthew is also great at talking me through my beard trimming, ensuring that nothing is done without my express permission. He will give me a mirror so that I can see what he is doing, and he always asks what I want done before cutting anything. At the end of the trim, Matthew will give you a little shoulder massage with this vibration massage device that feels great! I go to Matthew's shop about once a month and I always look forward to each visit. I HIGHLY recommend Matthew to anyone who is looking for something different, but in the best possible way. THIS is how a barber shop should be.
5	Service so unique, it deserves another 5-star review.  I'm from out of town.....Matt cut my hair for first time yesterday......best service and one of the best cuts ever.....
5	As a Black woman sporting a really close cut I find one barber and stay put. I love supporting small local businesses and Matthew is a poster child of such!  He's passionate about customer service and will take such good care of ya!  Support local and get pampered at the same time!  Win/win to be sure!
5	My old barber retired, so I was looking for a new barber near downtown.  I was impressed by all of the positive reviews for Matthew and the Barber Parlor, so I gave them a try.  The positive reviews are well deserved. The price is about the same as the big chains like Sport Clips and Great Clips, but he is much friendlier, and spends quite a bit more time working on your hair, and it shows in the final result.  The only warnings I would give is that the parking behind the building is tricky to figure out your first time you visit, and he does not take credit cards.  I will be going back.
5	When I first came to Phoenix I was looking for a barber place that knew how to handle my type of hair. I found this guy on Yelp and haven't been to another place since. Great guy, excellent service, free drinks and candy and his shop is awesome. Definitely one-of-a-kind and warm environment. The only thing I'd say is, because he's so popular, once he gets backed up it can be a bit of a wait. Gotta find a good time to go when there isn't a long line. I'm not surprised though because his cuts are fresh! FYI: He only takes cash unfortunately. I forgot the first two times he cut my hair but he was trusting and let me run out to pull bills to pay. Great guy, very friendly and talkative. Try him out!
5	The Barber Parlor is the real deal!  Was in town for a few days and wanted to locate a real barber shop. I hit gold!It's great to see a young man running his own business at such a friendly and professional level. Will save the long hair if I ever know I'm coming back to Phoenix. First class place.
5	Locally owned, in my neighborhood, straight razors and "old skool" shaving cream...  This place is a true oasis!  I went in and had my beard trimmed and neck shaved while watching Star Trek and sipping a soda (doesn't get much better than that, right?).  The service was hands-down 5 star!  I felt like i was invited into the owners home as a guest...Going to make this part of my monthly ritual.
5	It was time for a change --- Love my Stylist but have been craving an old school barber shop cut. From the moment I stepped into Matthew's shop, I felt good about the moment. He listened to what I wanted and gave me exactly the haircut I've been missing. The massage at the end was the best! I love that he only accepts Cash -- just like the old days. I feel prettier than usual!!! Matthew is my new Barber! Cheers***
5	Top-notch service Matthew is the best. Very friendly very courteous and does a wonderful job. Highly highly recommend.
5	I was in town for a wedding, actually my wedding and I had not had a chance to get a haircut from my barber in Washington DC. So I took a chance and was impressed with the reviews for the Parlour on YELP and I decided to get my haircut for my wedding here. I have to say I was impressed, I needed a cut that was more than a trim but not a buzz cut and the owner did a excellent job. The owner made this place a total man cave, the only complaint I might have was between the two TVs going with action movies, it was but overwhelming and loud, but otherwise, I had a solid haircut for decent price. He checked in with me after the initial cutting and asked me if I like the length, and he also offered various different aftershaves, very nice touch. So solid haircut and great customer service.
5	So I found this establishment from yelp and saw all of the positive reviews. Every single one was right. It has the old school barber feel where you are getting your hair cut by someone who cares not by someone grinding out as many people as possible. Great ambiance and the service was superb. Add on top of that the owner has a great personality and actually talks to you, like a person that actually cares. I went in for a beard trim and being kinda picky I was defiantly impressed with his knowledge and the answers he presented to my questions. I highly recommend this establishment if you like getting a haircut that makes you feel like a man and not like a pseudo manling being shuffled through the big corporate machine this is the place for you
5	BRING AT LEAST $20 IN CASH. NO CREDIT CARDS ACCEPTEDMatthew is the best thing to happen to my hair. He's professional, funny, and gives a fantastic haircut. If you go here at least once Matthew will remember your name every single time after. Before you go, always call ahead and see how many people will be in front of you. When you get there, the waiting room always has an awesome man movie playing. Once you get in the chair, Matthew makes a point to treat you like a gentleman and makes sure you and him are on the same page before scissors touch your hair. While getting your haircut, the chat is fun, friendly and intelligent. Everything about this place is fantastic, and after one sit in this chair, you won't go anywhere else. If you want a ton of compliments for your fantastic haircut and have a good time while getting it, go here. You'll thank me later.
5	Enter an average man.  Leave a legend.
5	Matthew is awesome and always super professional. He is the best barber I have met since I have moved to the valley 14 years ago. His shop is super nostalgic and extremely welcoming. Can't wait to bring my son there when he gets older.
5	I don't have many barbers to compare to (my first and only other barber took forever and cut me up with a disposable straight razor), but I must say Matthew is fantastic. Better experience than most salons my stylist friends work at. Friendly, professional, fast, affordable. The atmosphere is so comfortable and fun. I come out feeling great, looking like a million bucks and feeling relaxed after the scalp massage. I won't go anywhere else. Been telling friends to go there. Props!
5	Matt is a dedicated young guy trying to make a name for himself in the barber business.You walk in and the place resembles an antique shop with every inch of wall covered in memorabilia. There is always a movie playing in the waiting room with leather couches. Makes you not even mind waiting; Popcorn machine at the ready and drinks on the house. Haircut was quick (about 20 mins) and exceptionally done. Like any good barber he straight shaves you. This had to be the first time I've never been cut.Cut was $17 but I gave him a $20. Don't think he accepts cards so bring some cash. Walk in an ordinary Joe, walk out a legend.
5	Step back in time to this classic barber parlor in downtown phoenix where Service is Matthews barbering art that makes you "feel like a million bucks in exchange for $20" by the time you are ready to leave.View HairCut Harry's interview with Matthew at House of Shave Barber Parlor here: http://youtu.be/ul-8f6qZKzc
5	Very nice barber! Only one chair but the quality is the best I've ever seen. Although it was for my boyfriend, I feel that this is the place we will be coming every time he needs a cut.
5	Excellent haircut experience, downtown great setting and barber is very laid-back. Only down-side is it can be a long wait, but you know it's good!
5	FINALLY!  I have been searching everywhere for a barber. Everywhere else claims to be barbers but this is definitely the real deal. Never had a problem with any of my hair cuts here. I come here every week and will continue.
5	Earlier this week I checked out House of Shave Barber Parlor on McDowell west of Central. Haircut was 17, hot lather shave was 25, cash only. This wasn't just a lather-you-up, shave you off; this was hot towels, hot lather, more hot towels, slow shave, more hot towels, a cooldown, and then a neck/shoulder massage using this nifty little hand machine. I have ridiculously sensitive skin on my neck and there was absolutely no irritation at all, both immediately and a couple days after the shave. That alone earned five stars.The waiting area has comfy chairs, soft drinks, popcorn, and guy-centric movies playing on a TV. The decor is old-timey and awesome. You may have to wait a bit as this is a one-man operation, but the experience was worth it. Matt was unfailingly polite, engaging, and stopped at every step of the cut to make sure I was getting what I wanted. Spend a bit of money and support a small business.
5	Fantastic place.  Best overall experience I've ever had at a barber shop.  Just moved here from Chicago and was concerned I'd be stuck going to chain every 6 weeks but with the help of yelp I found this little diamond in the rough.  Though he only has one chair, I never mind waiting because there's plenty to do.  Movies, popcorn, refreshments, and great literature are offered but most importantly the waiting area features comfortable chairs.  Also, I notice something new and interesting in the decor every time I visit.  My haircuts and shaves from Matthew have been great.  I'm sure he has a lot of success coming his way.
5	Absolutely on-point! A way a barber experience should be. Matt (owner/barber) has done a great job in knowing his clientele as well as providing near perfect haircuts for men. He runs a solo show so sometimes the wait is 20-40 minutes but I've learned to plan for it; it's also a great time to take a breathe to relax. Super neat place... nothing else like it. (It's almost a catch 22 to rave about this place as I don't want everybody else potentially eating up my chair time but it would be selfish of me and the parlor deserves the credit!)
5	Got there at opening for another haircut today and topped it off with a shave! Even after 7pm tonight there's NO five O'clock shadow! Beat shave of my life, hands down. Treat yourself and those who have to look at ya to a great, professional haircut and shave. Thanks Matt!
4	Great haircut, but he does not take appointments.
5	I've seen Matthew's video on YouTube (here's one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ul-8f6qZKzc), so I knew what I was getting when I traveled to Phoenix for work. I flew in early, just to get a shave and a cut. I was not disappointed. You enter and sign-in and are offered a drink from the cooler, popcorn from the popper and candy whilst you wait. There are movies playing which light the room. Whilst I waited, I saw several men come in and leave due to the wait. Matthew's services are in high demand. Once I was called, I proceeded to the back room where the single chair sits. I was greeted as though I'd been a customer for years. I explained what I wanted and the cut began. Following my haircut, I got an amazing wet shave. $17 for the cut. $25 for a shave. Cash only. Money more than well spent. To the time and indulge yourself. Matthew's passion for his craft is undeniable and his service is second to none. Can't recommend the experience highly enough.
5	My boyfriend has stated that this is the best hot shave ever. He's also gotten wonderful haircuts here. He loves the atmosphere and, although he's a "can't sit still" kind of guy, he admits enjoying the wait here. Relaxing and homey.  Matt is a straight-up nice guy, and does a wonderful job with his business. Only suggestion to possibly make this place better would be to offer appointments. Sometimes planning for the wait is difficult to fit into the workday.
5	Maybe the coolest shop I've ever visited. Matthew is a great, service-minded barber. You gotta check this place out.
5	House of Shave is simply the best. Matthew is a master of his craft and will never fail to make you feel welcomed and relaxed. I have been coming to Matthew for over a year and he always delivers excellent service and an outstanding cut.The only downside is the wait. Matthew is exceptional at what he does and it is not uncommon to stop into House of Shave and find 3-4 or more people waiting for a cut which is usually an hour and a half wait.  Matthew always accommodates with the latest movies, cold beverages, and fresh popcorn and a comfortable atmosphere so it never feels that long.
5	This is the best barber shop experience I have ever had. I am not kidding. Matthew is quintesential barber.  I don't even know what that word means i just thought I should be using a word that makes him sound top notch.  His place is cool as hell.  He cuts with the best of them.  He is professional. It is comfortable, relaxing, gentle...all that and more.  I have never written a review on anything, but this dude deserves all the business he can get.  I can't wait to go back.
5	Great place! Best haircut in a long time!! the line is long.. But well worth it!
5	First of all I'm a food person. I get exited about food not haircuts. This place has changed that. I'm as old as dirt and have had a few haircuts in my day, but none like this. From the first step in his door I felt welcomed. Matthew was as nice as the get. I can say I loved getting a haircut and I hate haircuts. His shop is a one of a kind very collectic where you don't mind the wait at all. I could sit there all day. Thank you Matthew for such a pleasant experience.
5	Matthew is simply one of a kind. He's an artist and your head is his canvas. A man is supposednto be able to converse with his barber. There is a bond there. There is no shortage of conversation with Matthew. You will not be disappointed. My only regret is not finding him sooner.
5	This shop is not only a tribute to Arizona, but the American Dream.  The proprietor genuinely wants to provide the highest quality experience possible.  Even if you've never been to Arizona, the second you walk into this shop, you will think you were not only transported back in time, but feel as though you've been transported to the ideallic neighborhood we all wish we lived in.Congratulations to a great business owner for receiving all of the accolades he deserves, and thank you for a wonderful experience.  This is now part of my annual trip to Arizona.
5	It had been a while since I had a seat at a real barber shop, let alone the time to get my hair cut anywhere but great clips. I was frustrated, and overgrown. My once amazing beard was a disaster, and I wasn't feeling very pretty. Yelp led me to this amazing shop, located in a groovy spot of Central Phoenix. Inside, one of the most vibrant, friendly barbers I've met welcomed me warmly, and pointed out soft drinks and pop corn available for free! The waiting area is appointed with really luxo seats. Every inch of the shop has something really fascinating to look at, and if that's not enough, a rockin' home theater system with dvd's galore is available to make the wait great. As for the haircut, this is probably the best I've looked in all of 2014. Matt did a great job shaving my head, and added a great element of style to my once again amazing beard!!!!
5	All I can do is echo what everyone else has already said.  This is a one man band, but that one man (Matthew) knows his stuff.  Probably the best haircut I've ever received (and it was only $20).  I was trying out a few places around Phoenix but the search is over for me.The only drawback is that you're going to see him, and only him.  There will probably be a wait so don't go when you're on a time crunch.  However, the finished product makes it well worth it.  He's very quick and always has a good movie playing so you probably won't mind hanging out.I can't recommend this place enough.  If you're looking for a barber, go here.
5	Great barber, really engages with the customer. Decent price, and you will always walk out happier then when you walked in.
3	There's no doubt about Matt's quality in cutting hair. I have no qualms with that. My frustration is with his lack of showing up on time. I will always get to the barbershop around 930am, considering there's normally people waiting to have their haircut, and in my last 3 visits, Matt hasn't showed up until just after 1015. It's lame as a customer to sit out front of the shop wondering if he's going to show up or if you're wasting your time. On top of that, the excuse is always "Starbucks made me late!" It's just not what I expect as a customer. If the haircuts weren't as quality, I wouldn't come back.
5	Best haircut ever. Wait time sucks, but it's worth it. Love the movies, free popcorn, and drinks available while you wait.
