4	First, I would like to clear up some confusion about this supermarket.  If you read the history behind this chain, it was originally opened on Long Island by a Hispanic family who wanted to offer a variety of Hispanic foods along with more common American items.  Compare Foods largely caters to a Spanish speaking population and many of their employees are *bilingual.* I had a wonderful cultural experience shopping here.  I was exposed to fruits, spices and pastries I had never seen before.  However, if you are used to the traditional American market and feel uncomfortable being surrounded by people and/or languages that are outside American tradition, you will likely not enjoy your shopping experience.I bought some fresh seafood, tons of amazing fruit and glanced at the breads and bakery section (the calories tend to stick to me even if I don't eat them).  There was literally a wall of spices and dried fruits that spanned the length of a full aisle.  It was cool to look at so many things I'd never seen before.  Prices were no cheaper nor more expensive than what I experience in a local Harris Teeter. Free food tastings could be found in the frozen food and bakery section!
5	prices are great, and I find my favorite peruvian food condiments
4	I love Compare Foods. They remind me of the supermarkets back home in Mexico. Great produce, butcher and seafood sections. You will find EVERYTHING, some stuff you've never heard of and some stuff that makes you go, "wtf?".This is where I do a large portion of shopping since I cook a lot of Mexican (and other ethnic food). There really isn't much I can write that will make the variety of products they carry any justice. You might as well go find a weird recipe that calls for as many ingredients that you've never heard of, much less pronounce, then go find it all in Compare!Warning: You will encounter some ethnic stereotypes, some good, some bad. FYI.
3	If you've ever wondered where Charlotte's Hispanic community does their food shopping, you can wonder no more. Compare is chock full of Hispanic specialties and imported items. I was very pleased with the beer choices, which included Modelo, Pacifico and Corona Familiar.Large produce section looks very fresh. And who could resist the end cap with votive candles? Spanish language magazines at the checkouts.Prices were about what I expected - slightly more than Wal-Mart but much less than Harris Teeter.
3	This is a place I would come to find the Hard to find stuff at any other american grocer. This is in the old Winn-Dixie shopping center.THEY HAVE EVERYTHING.purfume - got itGold Chains - got it"Fresh fish" - got itNopal - got itSpanish beer - got that tooa lot of seagals in the parking lots - got itOn the weekend music bumping from the promotional vans/trucks - got itI've gotten some quail from here a time or two. No complaints.
4	Are you looking for Hispanic goods? Well this place is your one stop shop! I mean really, it's got it all from brand name to some obscure Hispanic brand that only a Latino would know about. Also it's pretty big and smells kind of funky from all the spices in here if that's your thing.What did I go here for? I came here for a big ass hunk of flan. Yes you read that right, they have a cool pastry section and flan is one of my favorite desserts. Smooth creamy, and sugary this flan is just as good as anywhere else and a few bucks gets you a huge slice! Everything else? I have no idea since this is pretty much just a giant flan stand to me, but the selection for people who actually do groceries here looks quite expansive.So uh come here if you're looking to make some Hispanic cuisine and can't find some obscure ingredient, or if you're like me and love flan. As a bonus you can play a game and take a shot every time I mention flan in this review, can you reach the last flan (this one) without being drunk? If so then you may be an alcoholic, let's be friends?
3	Great produce for the best prices I have seen in Charlotte.  8 limes for a dollar?  Guess I'll be mixing mojitos tonight!  Avocado for .50?  Guess we'll be eating guac with our mojitos!  Basil, cilantro, mint?  Guess who is eating Thai tomorrow?  Plantains? I just watched Alton Brown make these, and at this price I cannot resist!Aside from the produce and the ethnic foods and spices, I was surprised that the prices on the American brands (cereal, frozen foods, drinks, etc...) are much higher than the Teeter.My five year old thought we had somehow beamed ourselves to another country.... She loved it!
5	So I fully admit that I'm a food geek, but you could seriously drop me off for an afternoon here and I would have a ball.  The produce outshines all other grocery stores locally by a mile in quality/price and you can get cool stuff that you can't usually find at the farmers market or grocery stores. Like Bee said, awesome prices on usually expensive stuff like limes, avocados and plantains.  They also have tons of different kinds of fresh tortillas (and you don't have to buy a stack of 100 stale ones!!), masa and different cuts of meat. I went in search of amarillo paste (yellow chile paste from Peru) and I had a hard time finding it because I didn't realize there wasn't just one aisle of hispanic spices/food products but two, so it was divided between Mexican and South American! Now I know, and Jackpot!!  If anyone wants to kill me, Compare Foods has Cilantro bouillon cubes, something I had never seen before.  They had an amazing selection of Goya products- more than you ever knew existed and I've been in a lot of supermercados and bodegas.  They even have 4 different kinds/sizes of frozen empanada shells!  I could go on forever - all different kinds of awesome foods you rarely see.  They even had yuppie stuff like almond milk, so I bought my whole grocery list there. I was the only white gringa there, and that didn't bother me one bit. They speak english if you need them to. I can't wait to go back, and apparently I will try the flan!
1	Bought some frozen meat here and the meat was molded!! Yes people molded!! Disgusting and horrible!! How this place is still in business is beyond me!! Previously I bought dog food which was expired and went back and made a complaint. All the dog food on the shelf was expired!! As far as the meat I approached the manager and he certainly had no clue what to do!! He asked me if I wanted a sticker!! I responded WTF am I gonna do with a sticker?! The security guard and loss prevention officer were shocked at the managers stupidity and told him to go check the shelves this meat came off from; all the packages of meat were molded!!
