5	My favorite Chinese restaurant in town!  In addition to their normal menu, they offer a very extensive list of authentic Chinese dishes, which are both delicious and high quality.  I think their chef is doing a great job, and I hope that they continue with their level of service and quality into the future.If you have never tried more authentic Chinese cooking, do yourself a favor and reach out of your comfort zone a bit!  You will not be disappointed.  Many of the traditional dishes are spicier than some of my friends can handle, so if you're like them, don't be afraid to order the dish and ask them to tone down the heat a little.Here's my history:I tried the spicy eggplant, which was extremely fragrant and tasty, not to mention, beautiful.  The plate literally glowed purple, that's how fresh the eggplant was.  My friend ordered the Cumin Beef, which was also amazing.  11-8-13:  Ate there today and tried the black pepper chicken and the pork dumplings (both from the Chinese version menu), and both were amazing!  The pepper chicken reminded me of deep fried chicken with dry chili pepper that you'll find at some of the other more authentic Chinese restaurants in town.  And the dumplings were hand made!!12-18-13: Ate there again today with others and we tried the cumin chicken.  AMAZING.  We also had the pork dumplings, which are just as good as the first time I had them.  They are a bit smaller now, but there are more of them, which I actually prefer.  At $6.00 for a plate full, it's a complete steal.  We also tried traditional (Chinese style) sweet/sour pork.  It was pretty good, but maybe a bit sweet for our tastes. 12-20-13: The black pepper chicken changed, it was mostly fried bread this time, a bit disappointing.  Hopefully it was just a bad batch this time.  But their spicy green beans delivered.  AMAZING, they do it better than anyone else in town, IMO.  Definitely one of my favorite dishes there.I'm really loving the traditional Chinese menu here, and it keeps growing!Check out my pics...
5	Got a quick bite while in town visiting friends, nice "IKEA style" interior I like, food is well made and fresh, LOVE the hand made dumpling!! Will come back again!~~
5	Here is a such bright & fashionable place! I like the style they have,it makes me feel warm n comfortable! So glad to know they grand opening! Almost forget to tell, they have wonderful food also!!! Especially dumplings!  Definitely Come back!
3	The food was really just OK in my book. The Mapo Tofu is spicy(thankfully) but the Egg Drop Soup was surprisingly quite bland and tasteless(no salt). As others wrote - the inside decor is really nice. The service was very polite and professional. I feel like some of the other reviews are fakes(1 review, 5 stars and just for this place)
2	We loved this restaurant when it was Szechuan but then the food started getting bad and we stopped ordering. Then the restaurant became Double 10 and we decided to try it again and ordered the same thing - mongolian beef, chicken with broccoli and crab rangoons. To our surprise it was great! The crab rangoons were wrapped differently in thinner won ton wrappers and tasted delicious! And all the food was perfectly prepared.Then we ordered again last night and it was horrible! Probably the worst Chinese food ever. The mongolian beef was chewy and resembled fat. The boneless spare ribs were lined in actual fat. And the chicken fried rice was tasteless. The chicken with broccoli was good but probably because it was mostly vegetables and no chicken. The crab rangoons were back to normal and tasted fine but not as good as the first time when we tried Double 10.We were so disappointed and not going to risk spending $25 dollars again on bad food that we would rather throw away instead of saving for leftovers.Maybe they have two chefs? We are not willing to keep ordering to find out.
5	I'm so glad that I just discovered such an adorable place in town!!! I like the decorations, they're so sweet!!! The most amazing part is that I can have some real Chinese food there.  I think Double 10 definitely gonna be my every day lunch spot!
5	Fantastic place. Clean and food is fresh. Taste good. The sour napa and the southeast bone are pretty good. Real Chinese food!
5	As I never order from its American-Chinese food menu, this review is limited to the authentic menu written on a piece of paper in the restaurant. Same menu is shown on the website as "traditional Chinese food."Double 10 is a long-awaited addition to the increasingly diverse Chinese food scene in Madison. Most "authentic" Chinese restaurant serve Szechuan/Sichuan food (spicy)--places like Fugu, Soga, and Ichiban; while some serves Cantonese/Guangdong cuisine--like Wahkee or Lee's Garden on the west side. These restaurant are all good, verified (by myself) as "authentic", but in a way, lack of menu diversity.And then, Double 10 brings something entirely different to Madison--cuisine hauled from northeastern China. In two visits, we had "slide pork", "pork with sour napa", "pork with dry bean curd" etc. They were items not found in any other Chinese restaurant in Madison, and of course, all very delicious.  When we visited, almost every table ordered "North East Flavour Pork Bone" and that is something we aim for in our next visit. The staff was friendly. The dining area is a bit small, but good enough for small group gathering. The price is very reasonable, too. I hope they stay in business for long.
4	Madison has way too many mediocre-at-best Chinese takeout & delivery places. Double 10 is a little takeout joint (with like 4 tables if you want to eat in) that actually tries to put out good food. I've mostly gotten stuff from the traditional Chinese food menu and it's been reliably tasty. Nice dumplings made from scratch. Hot garlic pork is HOT. And tasty. But be careful. One time I accidentally knocked the container of left over hot garlic pork off the kitchen counter and on to the floor and I was NOT happy. Because it's good.
5	Went back to Wisconsin to visit a friend and they took me to this restaurant as they say it was one of the best. People are very nice and everythings really good, if you are in LA, then it would probably just be one of the many good Chinese restaurants, but in Wisconsin, i would definitely say go try it ! Really is THE BEST you can find in the area!
5	Ok, I've been living in Madison for over a year, and had been trying to find a place with decent but inexpensive chinese food. Fugu was ok, but overpriced and their delivery is slow. Ichiban seemed just ok. I've tried others with no luck. Finally I tried double 10, and I'm soooooo happy! It's really good, but also way cheaper than anything else I've found in town. I really liked the garlic sauce they have. They also had super fast service. This is my new go to Chinese place!
3	Not bad for traditional Chinese in madison, but nothing too special either. The Kung pao chicken (traditional) is the closest I've had to real Sichuan Kung pao. Decent spice level and a good blend of ingredients: peanuts, celery, peppers, and spicy chicken. The traditional dumplings;  however, are a total waste. Thick skin (which is fine if they have enough filling) had sparse fillings and were very bland. I'd stick to traditional Chinese menu and stay away from the dumplings.
4	We have gluten sensitivity in our family and they made fried rice without soy sauce for us. Very accommodating and friendly about it.
5	Would recommend it. A north China flavor and very good service. Better check the Chinese menu if you wanna try something really Chinese.
4	Hot Garlic Eggplant- not super spicy, but, oh sooo delicious! If you've haven't tried sweet'n'sour eggplant, eggplant w/ fish sauce, or really any eggplant dish from an authentic Chinese restaurant, do yourself a favor and try it!Pork with Dried Bean Curd- this had plenty of spice, and was very good.Both dishes came w/ small rices. Delivery was quick (30min). Food was hot, ample, and the closest thing to the best Szechuan Chinese food I've had at Seattle's Sichuanese Cuisine (recommended by a friend from Szechuan province), and St. Paul's Little Szechuan.Please order off the "Traditional" menu, as Madison has far too many average American Chinese restaurants (I'm looking at you Imperial Garden), and could use a little "authentic" competition.
4	The location of this place is not easy to miss. It is right opposite whole foods, nice place for a quick stopover before/after grocery shopping. Or just whenever I feel like having some authentic northeastern chinese cuisine. From the outside, however, it looked small (well, it is small), so I almost didn't want to give it a try, thinking that it is just another american-chinese fast food place. But was I wrong! My first visit was on a rainy day, when we didn't feel like traveling far, and hence stopped in Double 10. My review is based on their local chinese menu/specials, b/c I haven't tried any of the american-chinese type food. I tried their kung pau chicken, shredded potatoes, fried noodles and rice, fish sauce egg plant, moo shu pork and the four season green beans. The dishes are very authentic. My boyfriend, who grew up in northeastern china, endorses their food too. As this is a largely family-run restaurant, and because the dishes are made to order, they are very good at customizing your dishes the way you want it. You can customize the level of spiciness, saltines, substitute rice for noodles etc. This is also the time to be creative. If there is a dish you want that is not on the menu, feel free to tell them about it, and they will make it for you. The bonus is that they carry fresh home made chinese dumplings with a variety of fillings, including a vegetarian option. Those dumplings are kind of pricey compared to the other items on the menu, but they are home made, so I would say that is a great trade off. But it depends on how much you are willing to fork out for your meal. This is a great place and a great addition to Madison, where traditional northeastern chinese food does not easily come by. For the adventurous people out there who are curious about northeastern chinese food, there is no better place to start than double 10, who are great at listening to what you want and then making it for you. One small note, seating is very limited, only about 5 tables, so ordering ahead and getting it to go is the safest bet, or you can get them to deliver straight to your door.
5	My favorite Chinese restaurant in Madison.  Authentic menu is awesome... Service is awesome and super nice.  Small dining area is comfortable and homey. Love this place.  Eggplant w/garlic is amazing.
5	The food was good, and the portions were generous, but the decoration was lacking; it has a strong teen-girl-in-Ikea vibe. Still, if a restaurant's only fault is the decor, you know it's good.
5	I ordered the lunch to serve 20 people for my graduation talk on Dec 2013. They delivered on time. And the food are great. Most of my talk attendee told me they like the food and ask me to share the address.
4	Fourth time here and the food is so delicious. Tonight I'm having the Garlic Chicken which is virtually perfect. My son is having the Traditional Kung Pao Chicken which is too spicy for me but the flavor is wonderful.
5	I am thrilled to have this restaurant in my neighborhood otherwise I would be driving there. I am very particular about what I eat,  especially Chinese. Double 10 exceeded all expectations I had. We ordered 4 items for delivery and all were excellent.  Can't wait to share this find with friends and you.
4	So happy to finally try Double 10, after reading the rave reviews on Yelp. I had been curious about this place, since it is so close to where I live. And one of my quests since coming to Madison over 10 years ago was to find an Asian food place I really liked. Double 10 fits the bill on both counts.I got the Moo Shu Pork and the Kung Pao chicken, both off the  traditional menu. I've never had Moo Shu in such a delicate sauce with ginger before, it was delicious.  The cashier was kind enough to warn me in advance that the Kung pao was going to be fiery and it was, in a very good way. Plenty of vegetables in both. I left off a star in my rating above, as I will be coming back to try other things off the menu. I hope to see how the Chinese-American menu measures up, but for now, I've sticking with the traditional. Really glad they came into the neighborhood.
5	Wow! I'm impressed. This restaurant has something for everyone from burgers and steaks to gourmet seafood dishes. It's high class but family friendly and without pretension - a welcome addition to the area and probably the nicest restaurant in a ten-mile radius.
5	Great Chinese from a small place.  Offers traditional and Americanized Chinese food.  We had the wonton soup with great tasting home made dumplings (small size is pretty big for one).  The teriyaki chicken appetizer that our young son wolfed down (authentic Japanese flavor karaage style and 6 pieces).  The chicken with mixed vegetables in a mild brown sauce (big portion, fresh vegetables,  cooked just the right amount of time).  The Szechuan Triple with a medium spicy sauce, many different vegetables,  chicken,  pork, and several large shrimp.  White rice comes with the entrees and my Japanese wife thought it was much better than at an average Chinese restaurant where it is often dry and tasteless.  Everything tasted way above average.   Total bill was only about $26.50 including tax.  The restaurant only has 5 small tables so many were coming in for takeout.  Come in for some really good Chinese food at very reasonable prices.
3	First visit was today - hot and sour soup.+ Cozy space+ Huge menu+ Traditional Chinese menu looked quite yummy (on a sign board)+ Unbelievable value- $5 minimum for debit/credit card use- A bit pokey with service; seemed very disorganized- Every carryout order that I saw needed correction; be sure to check yoursI ordered a large hot and sour soup, which came to $4 total. After some discussion about the card minimum, I bought a water for $0.99 and the total came to $5.05. Whew. The lone cashier then went to run around and check on to-go orders, answer the phone, discuss several things with the chefs in the back, fix some to go orders, take some new orders, process an order by fax (really!!). After nearly 10 minutes of buzzing around - customers coming in and leaving with carryout orders - he looked at me, turned around, and scooped 5 huge ladles of soup into a very large vessel. Into a paper bag it went, and I was off. Seemed like this could've been done much earlier...The soup was tasty, if not a bit mild. I'd like to see the spice level about 1.5x higher than it was. The volume of soup was overwhelming. I ate about 1/3 of the container for lunch; the rest is sitting in the refrigerator.There was no one else in the dining area, so I couldn't comment on other dishes. I will offer this up again - double-check your carryout orders. Every single person that picked-up an order checked it before leaving, and every single one needed a correction.
4	Pretty good cashew chicken. Not too much sauce which is good. Average egg roll s and crab Rangoon.
4	When i went to double 10 It was full so we took to go.The food came out quickly.When we tasted the food I liked it. I liked the rice,also the sweet chicken was not to sweet but it was just right...I recommend double 10......
2	Definitely overrated. They screwed up our order. Overall their food is bland and disappointing. The only positive is that their service was fast despite how understaffed they are.
3	Braised spare ribs were bland, and the sauce was wrong. Mediocre beef pancake rolls. The American Chinese food looks like a good deal. Maybe the Sichuan dishes are more tasty and authentic. Seems overrated.
3	This place used to be my go-to for Chinese food - food is not bad, it's convenient, and best of all, it delivers. Sadly, their online ordering system is not reliable. After waiting for more than an hour, I called them and realized they never received my order despite the email confirmation. I believe there is a new employee at this restaurant and she is just terrible - she did not apologize for the mistake at all, and even requested me to wait another 40 minutes. No refunds at all, no apologies, all she asked for is my credit card number again. This experience definitely leaves a bad taste in my mouth. Please bring back the old staff - the lady who used to be at the front desk was very nice, courteous, and efficient, and I have made multiple online orders without any mishaps. Get rid of incompetent staff or else the business will suffer!
1	We ordered takeout from here after reading the Yelp reviews, and the food was decent, though nothing special. I had the hot garlic beef and my wife ordered the fried rice with chicken. My review is more reflective of the service. Our second experience was when we tried to have our order delivered. We ordered online and our receipt said to expect it within 45 minutes. After an hour we called to check on our order and were told that it was on the way. After another 20 minutes without a word, we called back to cancel the order and spent another 10 minutes on the phone with 5 different people trying to confirm that our credit card would not be charged. We told them to let the driver know we did not want the order anymore. The entire process was unnecessarily difficult and they did not seem apologetic nor did they make an attempt to rectify the situation.15 minutes after that the driver arrived with our food (1 1/2 hours after our initial order) and we informed him that we cancelled it due to the amount of time that had passed and that he could take it back. We will not be ordering from Double 10 again.
2	Well, I was looking forward to trying this place and I was really let down. I ordered just a couple basic simple things, a pint of vegetable lo mein and crab rangoons.The taste of the rangoons were typical, BUT, I was lucky if there was a 1/2 teaspoon of filling in each one, it was mostly fried wonton, cold greasy and lacking in filling.  How the heck do you screw those up??The vegetable lo mein.....oh lord...1 piece of broccoli, 2 pieces of mushroom, 1 slice of carrot, ok.  I can put up with lack of vegetables, but the taste of the dish was absolutely disgusting.  It was bland, extremely greasy and had a horrid after taste. I can't for the life of me understand how you mess up vegetable lo mein??My husband ordered the Hunan Chicken, he thought it was edible, but was nothing to order again....OH....and he found a long hair in his food.....yuck.I won't be back......sorry.
5	Another favorite to add to my list of good Chinese restaurants in Madison. Double 10 has a very small dining area, so plan on getting takeout. There seems to be two menus here: the Americanized Chinese dishes and the more traditional Chinese dishes. I would definitely go for the traditional menu. Any of their eggplant dishes are good, and you can't go wrong with one of their spicy dishes. I don't know what the spicy dish I ordered was, but it had a ton of chilis and peanuts in it. The owners were very friendly, and I heard you can make special requests and they'll try to accomodate you. I'm definitely adding Double 10 to my takeout rotation!
4	I am so excited that  I found this place! I have been looking for decent Chinese food in Madison...yet another thing that doesn't really exist... and I found it with Double 10.  My only requirements for Chinese food: tastes decent the night of, tastes even better cold the next morning. Double 10 has fulfilled both of those requirements and for that I am eternally grateful.  Last night I ordered some lo mein, sweet & sour chicken, and some spring rolls.   And, well, you can see from my picture of this food that I was more than happy with what was delivered.  They are speedy with their delivery and you can order online, which was convenient and very easy to do.
1	No. I don't care for this at all. We ordered delivery. Even crappy chinese usually has enough msg to make it tasty. This was bland and dry! We ordered curry chicken combination and general Tsao's chicken.  They were both not spicy enough and DRY. Let it swim in the sauce please! The veggies in the dish were few and far between. The egg rolls were not crispy. Bland. Boring. I will try somewhere else next time. The star is only for delivering to the correct location.
3	Although you can eat in the restaurant at one of Double 10's four tables, The Wife and I have been using it as a good option for carryout Chinese food in the West Madison/Middleton area. The online ordering system is easy, but I find that calling is the easiest way to place an order.On the positive side, Double 10 serves really good dumplings (and dumpling sauce), has fair prices, and is convenient for pickup purposes (right along University between downtown and Middleton).On the neutral plane, Double 10's food is A-OK. Like previously mentioned, the dumplings are very good, but everything else has been just OK. The notable exception has been the egg drop soup, which is very bland and much more watery than we've had elsewhere.On the negative side, Double 10 is somewhat disorganized and has been overwhelmed every time I've gone in to pick up food. There seems to be only one guy working the counter, taking phone and online orders, and helping people get their pick-ups when they come into the store. The last time I was in, I arrived at the given time only to be told that our food wasn't ready yet because they were "very busy." (On a side note, I've never been asked to give a name or credit card when placing a phone order. I'm still surprised that they work on the honor system like that).
4	Offering both traditional and Americanized menus the food is always fresh and delicious. If you like it spicy order off the traditional menu (Kung Pao chicken and Ma Po Tofu are superb).  Beef with Broccoli and chicken with snow peas are excellent as well. The restaurant is small so not much space for a large group but terse is always take out. I have eaten here several times and it has always been very good .
