1	I purchased a Groupon to us this vendor. They are rude and they left my home in a mess. They came in with dirty shoes and no coverings for them and left dirt in my home. The guy is rude and when I did not want to upgrade he got even ruder. Hopefully by adding this review they will learn cheap service on an offer such as this will never gain them repeat business.
1	Don't be tempted by the $49 "special" or "unlimited vent cleaning". They have no intention of honoring it. Its just a way of getting in the door and trying to get at least $200 out of you. They'll tell you that because of something they see on your vents, such as "they were never cleaned" (when you know for a fact they were), or there's mold somewhere or all kinds of pollutens or promise to help with your allergies...all of these are reasons why they can't do the service that is in the voucher (from kudzu, groupon, the newspaper, etc.)
2	Meh. Two stars for arriving on time, initial friendliness, and speedy job. Minus 3 stars for the lack of bothering to screw the vents back in thoroughly, the hard upsell, and the short temperament after I declined more services. Yes, there is more dust beyond the reach of your vacuum (which is why I hired someone to clean them in the first place). Yes, I know the dryer vent is dirty... And the groupon says for an extra fee, you will unclog it, but apparently not because the vent exits the house on the roof. Sigh... Like so many dryer vents! Lol. Had I paid more, I wouldn't be LOLing, but he told me my house was probably 30 years old (not even since it was built in 1995) and had never ever had the AC filter changed. It was not even as dirty as the filter in my apartment gets in a month. He vacuumed out my vents at least from a strong van mounted system. Idk what more I expected for the price of the Groupon... But I'll pass on that next time.
1	Did a lousy job and pressured my wife into buying additional services.  Hand smudges on the walls and nicked up the paint in a number of places.  I found one vent cover they hadn't even bothered taking off.  Eventually got the owner to provide a partial refund, but I'd stay away from these folks.  Even with the cheap Groupon coupon, they are way more trouble than they are worth.
1	This company is being ran under multiple names in multiple states. I have called or been called by multiple numbers... Some of the name include: US Air Solutions (which they sold a year ago to a company that only does HVAC no duct work... but still tell customers is there name)US Air DuctsCustomer Air SpecialistsUS Air ServicesExpert Air Duct Pros And probably many more.... This is their MO.... Sell a cheap $45 service on groupon, living social, amazon local, yipit, etc. They then send a contracted tech out to prey on their clients, the tech only gets paid for whatever he up-sells, the tech will up sell you on anything even if you don't need it. In my case he said he needed $300 more before even doing any work or looking at anything. He then says that he won't do the work of the coupon/voucher I purchased. This company is looking for weak clients to prey on and take advantage of. It took 8 phone calls to find this name, however, they are run by many other names as well. I wouldn't be surprised if they have more then 15 names. They don't tell the truth. Even the Owners receptionist didn't know US Air Solutions had been sold, and was still telling me that, that was their name. Then Wayne who bought US Air Solutions, contacted me and told me that they are not affiliated with this scam. The owner Ray also told me that they still use the name US Air Solutions because they still  have coupons coming in with that name on them, however, the reason why, is they are still being sold. DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THIS COMPANY!!!
