4	The food and service were very good . The food is made from scratch on premises . The restaurant is owned and run by two brothers from the Green Tree area . I admire this and always try to give my business to local family run places like this . My only gripes are the limited selection at the bar and I feel the prices for food are very expensive for the portions you receive.
5	I was fortunate enough to find this restaurant for a delicious lunch while traveling in the area.  I went off and performed my seminar then decided to return for a late supper. I sat at the bar and was served by a young woman whom I had assumed was the owner based on her superb professional demeanor. She informed me she was a 'very new' server.  WOW Araci's, hold on to this gem.  As it was late, I decided to create my own supper from various appetizers. One was better than the next, by the way, but I also wanted to point out that this 'very new' server had such a unique way of suggesting additional culinary delights, even this seasoned traveler was hooked, and glad he was! Everything she suggested was perfect.  My only regret is I don't live closer to Pittsburgh so I might be able to return.
4	Once enjoying my crisp cool water. Our orders were taken promptly, I ordered the chicken club and customized it with a side of coleslaw. My better half had the fish sandwich with a coleslaw as well. The food came like the wind, the coleslaw was damn good! The best. Our sandwiches couldn't have been better if Jesus himself made them. All around it was the bee's knees.
4	Love,love, loved their onion rings. The English style scrod is very good also. The Big Lebowski was on when we came here and people were dressed up like the movie's characters. It looks like a ski lodge on the inside. Service was acceptable.
5	Never had a bad meal!
1	The place looks like something from the Godfather - old school 1970 dark and gloomy wood paneling. Complete with crap brown pleather chairs and fake wood tables. The food was cooked well, but lackluster. I got veal picata which mostly had the flavor of flour and beef broth. On the plus, the staff was very nice and very attentive. Management - you really need to update the place.
4	When trying to think of where to go for a steak dinner The Greentree Inn came to mind. I had never been here in all the years of living so very close. I was glad I chose this establishment. Food was excellent and I loved the feel of the place
4	Came in here just reading some reviews, figured, I'll give it a shot, they were good.I walked in to an empty restaurant and was worried, but the owner Frank was there to greet me and how pleasant he was. He saw the concern on my face and brought me over to family pictures showing how long the restaurant has been in business and has been a success.So, not knowing what to order, because so many things looked yummy, he suggested the Pork Chop Florentine, OMG!!! DELICIOUS!!!AND he prepared it himself!I definitely, highly, recommend dining here when in the Pittsburgh/Greentree area.The reason for 4 starts not 5, the wine choices are lacking but the Red Rock Malbec was nice with the meal. And Stephanie the bartender, super sweet and makes you feel like you're a regular.Great place!!!
