1	I recently booked a reservation with this KOA. Unfortunately, I had to cancel at the last minute and stay at another KOA due to extreme whether conditions. Fae, was very rude and refused to refunds money. Then I called corporate headquarters and talked to the sole operated who hung up in my face and told me that she has no control over the KOA's and she will not help me. I will never stay at any KOA again!
5	Very nice campground.  We love coming here on our one night trips as we are locals.  I can't back up previous statements about the staff being rude.  I have never experienced that.  I have never experienced the facilities not open.  Late check outs? This isn't a hotel and they have a business to run, one should never ask for a late checkout for free, that's just ridiculous.  As far as the other lady who cancelled 24 hours prior to her arrival the cancellation policy (which you agree too upon reserving) states 48 hours and it will cost you the entire nights deposit.
4	We were driving down from Sedona and stopped at the other KOA in Black Canyon City -- horrible. We weren't given a code to the bathrooms or the wifi when we did a late check in, which was disappointing so we left 15 mins after we got there. We ended up coming to this KOA which was 90 mins away from the first one. Wow. What a clean site. It was such a relief to come here late and see that the owners really take pride in this site. The bathrooms were really clean and air conditioned :) There is a restaurant attached in the back, but we didn't try it (ran out of time) but it's great to have that option! It's also a nice and quiet area on the edge of the mountains. Would definitely come again.
4	We camp often but this was the 1st time that we stayed at a KOA campground. It was very clean and quiet. We stayed in one of four cabins. There are bathrooms and showers. Small store with limited supplies but if you drive a few miles down the road you'll encounter plenty of shopping. Thankfully there was a heater because it was very cold. There is a heated pool and jacuzzi. Laundry facility as well. I wouldn't really recommend it for tent camping, the sites for tents are very small and sparse. But for rvs or the cabins definitely.
