1	I contacted AV Vegas to get a quote for a mobile gig.  I told them exactly what I wanted, including model numbers of speakers as I'm knowledgeable about audio.  No matter what I asked them, they wouldn't give me a quote without a phone number.  Don't ask me why.I can't say anything else about their business because I took mine elsewhere.
5	I am frequently involved in conventions.  Specifically Anime, Video Game, and Comic book conventions.   I either attend, am a guest of, or am on staff so it's safe to say it consumes a lot of my time and energy and I expect and enjoy a lot from the convention.  That said - I've had the fortune of enjoying AV Vegas from multiple angles - from a guest to performer to having them work with me on a recent event - Otakon Vegas.  This gave me the opportunity to see their range of work with different budgets and venues - and they've done well with it.  They have one convention they've managed for virtually ten years in a row with no complaints and another big-budgeted one, Otakon Vegas.  So they have a solid reputation in our event circle.The "rave" set they did at Otakon Vegas was epic.  Top level flashy lights and turning an otherwise bland convention hall into a crazy dance set - hands down one of if not THE best I've seen at a convention at that level.  Craziness.The guys are super friendly, remembered me from one stage performance at a convention to another convention months later where I was running the events.  Personable, friendly, laid back, and informative.  As far as my experience with them running events, I would highly recommend them and hope to see them next year for Otakon Vegas 2015!
5	I have had the pleasure of working with AV Vegas now for a few years now in coordination with an annual event I organize in Las Vegas.  Every year in planning our event I know that our Sound and Lighting needs will be the easiest part of planning our event because the staff at AV Vegas pride themselves on making sure the customer is satisfied, and so far I have never been let down.Everyone from the office staff pre-event to the on-site crew that sets and strikes and the actual event crew the service is top notch and they have time after time exceeded my expectations.  I would highly recommend AV Vegas for any company that needs a highly professional and reliable company to provide AV services no matter what type of event your have.
1	I contacted them getting a quote for a projector and screen over the phone and they gave me price that I thought was pretty steep.  So I decided to look at some other places and see if someone could beat their price.  I accidentally recontacted AV vegas and this is part of the email I got in return, keep in mind I am only 18 and this is how they treated me:"We're a bit disappointed with you.  All you had to do is email me and I would have Paypal invoiced you.  Instead you email me back, not realizing it's me, trying to beat the price.... not too organized.  certainly not a good impression.....  "Needless to say, I found a much better price and would never recommend this unprofessional company.  Instead of understanding that a customer would try to get the best price, they sent me this petty email.
