4	I can't imagine a better place for Cha Cha's new location than Willy St.The staff are very friendly and helpful, and I got some good advice and a terrific haircut from Alice.  I'll be back!
5	I always get my haircut by Gen at Cha Cha. It always turns out great, and the overall experience is very pleasant. I used to go to their location by the square, and I think the Willy St location is even nicer. I used to think $30 for a basic men's haircut was expensive, but it's really worth it. No clipper jobs here. All scissors, and interesting techniques to make boring straight hair have more texture.
1	I made an appt. for my boyfriend to get his haircut there since it's close and the website looked cool.  We had to leave that afternoon for a wedding out-of-town.  I did not accompany him to the haircut, which apparently was a big mistake.  He asked to shorten the sides and leave it a little longer on top - not a seemingly unreasonable request.  He ended up looking like he belonged in the Pet Shop Boys.  I don't know when the "Flock of Seagulls" hairstyle came back in, but it looked terrible.  Poor guy was so traumatized - he just wanted to get out of there.  Ended up having to get it fixed so the excessively long hair on top wasn't tickling his chin.  I would definitely avoid this place if you do not want to look like an 80's rocker.
4	Cha Cha isn't for everyone. In addition to haircuts, they also do tattoos, and the place has the feel of a tattoo parlor. If the thought of this makes you uncomfortable, this place isn't for you. I've been consistently happy with my haircuts here and have fun talking to the staff.Be warned: even though you can pay for your haircut with a credit card, you must tip in cash. I find this pretty irritating because I don't normally use cash and have to remember to stop at the ATM to pick some up beforehand.
5	I get my haircut by Gen and have been going there every 3 weeks for a while now. I can't imagine going anywhere else...
5	Can't believe I never reviewed this--I've been going to Cha Cha since 2004, with a year-long break when I was out of town.  When I got back after my absence, I was very disappointed to discover that Janet was gone, but I couldn't be happier with Gen doing my hair!I keep my hair in various shades of hot pink, red, and orange, with a fairly funky/spiky style, but Gen also cuts the hair of two other grad students of my acquaintance who are much more conservative in their hair choices, and she makes them look great, too.  She's very good about giving people what THEY want, whatever that might be, but she also always has input of her own to pin down a vague idea I might have into something that looks awesome on my actual head.Seriously, I think the worst thing about actually graduating and leaving Madison will be having to find someone to replace Gen.
5	I moved to Madison in 2007 and frantically began my search for my new hair salon.  I tried atleast 4 different places until I tried cha cha and this place is by far the best in madison. They can do any style and any color and the atmosphere is funky and laid back.
4	Rick rules.  I'm a huge fan of $5 haircuts, especially when they're this good.  Cha Cha has a great vibe and the Willy St. location is just great.
5	I have curly hair, so I am always cautious about where I get my hair cut. Alice at the Willy St. location is awesome! She has given me great cuts, and she's fun to chat with. I had let about 5 months go by in between my haircuts, and she remembered me. I was impressed.
5	I LOVE ROBYN! She does an outstanding job on my hair--I am constantly receiving compliments on both the cut and color--and she's a total sweetheart. One thing to be aware of, though, is that you can pay for the services you receive with a credit card, but tips are cash only.
4	I never have to worry about walking out of here with a hairdo I want to pull a sock on for the next six weeks. I like these people! I use Genevieve quite a bit. Every person there is fascinating to talk with. Good peoples. And that thing about not having to put a sock on your head? Priceless. Every cut our family has had has been a good one.
5	Robyn is AMAZING. I started seeing her in 2007, and I have received wonderful hair cut after wonderful haircut. I get compliments constantly. I moved to new york two years ago and have yet to find anyone as good as her, so I've given up and now fly to Madison to get my hair done (the plane ticket is the cost of a good haircut out here anyway). Her hair cuts grow out really well. After two months, someone always asks if I've gotten my haircut again. I really only look for skill when evaluating a hair dresser, but Robyn is also a really lovely person, and has become a true friend. When I decided I wanted my hair to look like Joan Jett's recently, I knew she was the only person for the job, and I have loved my hair every day.
5	So I haven't actually been here, but I sent my boyfriend last week to get a haircut with Cortney and it looks awesome. He was paying $40-$50 for comparable cuts in NYC (actually cheap for New York). Cortney made his hair look better than any of his previous haircuts and it was half as cheap! Dudes - go here if you want to look good (seriously, a good haircut can make a big difference).
2	It's a nice space and the staff is very nice.I had my hair cut and colored and I was disappointed.  I was expecting more.  I went somewhere else and I am now happy.
5	I love Cha Cha!!! One of the awesome benefits of being part of Willy Street, there are so many fantastic shops around here!Service/Overall: 4.5 You HAVE to make reservations WAYYYY ahead. I would say a week ahead. (that's the -0.5) They are always packed! Courtney did a great job for my boyfriend, giving him a $22 haircut that looks like his $80 cut from Elixir at Beverly. Alice is my hairstylist, and I LOVE the way she is so excited about my hair during the haircut! She kept telling me how cute I looked and how much I would love it; and sure enough, I LOVED IT!I love how hip and trendy the place is! Makes me feel confident I'm in good hands! And sure enough, we've had good haircuts so far! And I can't believe how reasonable their prices are for male haircuts!!! ^.^
2	I went to Cha Cha on a whim a little more than a year ago. The people in the salon were friendly enough, and the decor was wicked cool, but I didn't like the haircut I got there at all. When I expressed apprehension, the stylist seemed both confused and offended, and sort of shut down...got really chilly toward me. The low review is certainly not for the haircut, but rather for the response I got for not liking it.
3	I really wanted to like this salon...I even held off writing a review until my hair grew out a little to see if I'd like it. I was just disappointed in my haircut. I made an appointment here on the recommendation of a friend. The stylists were really nice, the atmosphere was cool and the prices were reasonable. My stylist was very sweet and made sure she knew what I wanted before she started cutting...but then she just kept cutting...and cutting. I know I know it's my fault I should have told her to stop, but I didn't know what to do! She cut my bangs so short that the hair at the top of my scalp was almost gone...I'm still waiting for it to grow back to a normal length.And what's the deal with stylists curling your hair under after they cut it? I honestly looked like a 12 year old when it was all over. Unfortunately, my bangs are taking ages to grow out...I know this place has received great reviews and I'm sure they give most people great cuts, I think I just was there at a bad time?
5	When I first stepped foot into Cha Cha I was immediately reminded of where I got my hair cut out in Portland, OR. The place out there is called Bishops, and Cha Cha has that same kind of throw back Rock-A-Billy feel. I get my hair cut by Alice there, but every time I walk in there, not only are all the barbers & stylists engaging with their clients, but every client seems to have smile on their face. This sets the tone for an uplifting atmosphere. The Staff is amazing and unique in their own individual way. From Rick's glorious beard, Alice's sincere conversation,  the warm welcome of reception, the owners great sense of humor, all the way to Gen's interesting Mr. T tattoo. Cha Cha = World Class hair cuts, with a fun atmosphere.
5	So right after I moved to Madison (August 2010), I decided I needed to chop off my hair.  I went to Cha Cha because it reminded me of my salon in Boston, Judy Jestson.  Both places feel like the kind of joint that can craft a pink mohawk as well as a straightforward bob (I'm on the bob end of the spectrum).  I described my hair to the woman who answered the phone (curly, thick) and she hooked me up with Alice.  Alice, who promptly gave me the best haircut I have ever had in my life.  I swear, no hyperbole.  And every haircut since has been that good.  If not better.  In fact, I have started attributing all the good things that have happened to me since I moved to Madison to Alice and her haircuts. Worth the money.
4	Great place. Cool, relaxed and unpretentious. Bumble & Bumble trained. As good as I got in NYC at the mothership for half the price. Great up market products for sale. I'd go back for sure. The only thing keeping it from 5 stars would be a complimentary espresso and back massage. : )
1	This was the most horrible experience I've ever had at a salon. My appointment was at 10:00. I arrived at 9:55 and had to wait until 10:45! I watched the person I was scheduled to be with offer the client before me a slew of extra services while I waited for my appointed time.  When I was sick of waiting and started to leave someone finally stepped in to ask me to stay. When I told the hairstylist that I was unhappy she rolled her eyes and said it wasn't her fault! The hair cut was meager at best. The stylists huffing and puffing was annoying as well.
4	I finally went to Cha Cha to see Robyn, who was recommended to me by a previous stylist as being a whiz at women's short hair, and she was right!  Robyn was warm, friendly, welcoming and a very talented stylist!  Since it was my first visit, she really wanted to know about my hair, what I like and don't like, what had been done to it previously.  You definitely don't get that attention at the chain "salons."I like that they have their own lot, sometimes parking on Willy can be a pain.  I was, however, confused by the location of the front door, it's actually best to enter from the lot than the street side; both work, but the desk is toward the lot.  A slight change in layout would make things clearer, and could also benefit from more seating.I do like the atmosphere and artwork.  Good music selection, too.  I was a little surprised to see some kids in there,but seems to fit with the hippie-family vibe of the area.$50 for a haircut was more than I am used to paying, but well worth it as I feel fabulous!
5	Cortney is fun and does a fantastic men's cut. The atmosphere is welcoming and good for people like myself who don't know a perm from Pert. Most expensive cut I've gotten, but it grows out well and has attention to detail that Supercuts just can't provide. Highly recommended.
5	A friend of ours has cancer and was losing her hair.   Alice styled the remaining hair beautifully.  She was so cheerful and brought a real highlight into the lives of this woman and of those that love her during a very challenging time.  It was really a wonderful experience for everyone and we highly recommend Cha Cha.
5	Alice does amazing things with my hair -- things that give me a touch of vertigo at first but that I quickly love. She's delightful, sassy, and great at what she does. Best stylist I've ever had.
4	Went to Cha Cha to get a shave.  Rick did a good job; filled me in what he was doing and had a nice touch.  It was something I had been meaning to do for decades and it was well worth, for a long time to come.
1	So I booked the day of, and maybe that's a mistake, but i told them I would be a little late. Little did I know I was in for a tongue lashing.I was getting a fairly dramatic cut, but when I asked for it, the stylist REFUSED. She flat out refused to give me my haircut because it was "too much."Let's just say I went home and got a friend to help me, and now that's the hair cut I've had for the last 2 years.Suck it.
5	Shelly is the BEST!! She has kept me from looking beastly for a long time and always does it with a smile!!!
3	Went twice, three months apart, two different stylists. The first cut my hair so strangely that the second, three months later, wondered who had botched my cut... of course they didn't know it was the stylist two chairs down. The second cut was better, but really nothing worth the hype this salon gets. We had agreed that I wanted something new and diffferent, and I came out with a cut like that of 85% of the women on Willy St. Absolutely nothing special. I gave 3 stars because they did not completely ruin my hair. And both stylists did try their best, and were friendly, but in the end, this is not kindergarten and we are not here to give gold stars for effort. We are here to advise others about places based on our experience. So, based on my experience, I will go elsewhere in the future.
5	I continue to see Alice after all this time, and continue to LOVE her/Cha Cha. The receptionists are friendly and professional. The atmosphere is hip but comfortable. Alice is still the best hairdresser in all the land. When I last saw her we talked about strategies for me to shampoo my hair less, as well as gossiped about non-hair-related things. She gives my curly locks a great cut every time, always listens to what I want, and ya gotta love a stylist who throws in a little neck rub with the shampoo :)
5	I first found out about this place when I got a gift certificate for a straight razor shave. I came back for a hair cut from Brandon about 6 months ago, it was the best haircut I have ever gotten. Every time I have been back it has be consistently great. Highly recommended.
5	I had Gen cut my big thick head of hair.  SHe did an amazing job texturizing and styling my hair.  I am 60 years old and look much younger thanks to this stylish haircut :-)  The compliments keep coming, thank you Gen!!!!
3	Old beautiful building houses this fantastic place.  I love everything designing detail inside.  The bowls are free standing so the person can get around every nook without reaching over the customer's face.  My husband did the "noshave" November, and had a lot of hair to remove (he usually is bald and has a goatee....nothing else).  We needed the help of a barber and a straight razor shave was going to be the best way to get rid of the hair without clogging up our drains.  It took over an hour to get through all the hair, and the barber did a great job (I lost the business card so I can't remember his name) but we still had to get that closer finish at home with our regular 5 blade razor.  Since my husband has never had a straight razor shave, we aren't sure if this is common or if it was just not as close as it could be.  We were charged $65 for removal of hair on the head and the sides of his beard.  This place was also having a small fundraiser for the Humane Society, where you could purchase a package and the proceeds were donated.  Not a bad deal.  Also, during my wait, I saw two people come in and purchase specialty hair care products.  Check it out if you're looking to try something different.
4	I've never left disappointed! Friendly place, not nearly as intimidating as all the tattoos might suggest. :)
5	I'll start by stating the truth: I freak the hell out about my hair. I range from loving my unmanageable locks, to needing a drastic cut on the spot. With this sudden change in state of mind, I need a barber almost on hand to satisfy me. Unfortunately I don't have an entourage to please my every potentially hazardous(to those around me) wim, so I often settle for whatever salon is available the moment I call. This has led me astray from Cha Cha quite often. They're a busy little shop. But today, after a long look in the mirror, I dialed them up and was thrilled to hear they had a cancellation and I was to be fit in. My barber was Brandon, who has been working with Cha Cha for 8 years, and knows his shit. Brandon was extremely informative about my hair, and there was a certain excitement in his craft that was refreshing and honestly relaxing for someone like me, who often hides from the world after a cut until it grows out quite a bit. I walked out of Cha Cha feeling comfortable with the way my hair looks. That's saying something coming from someone like me.Prices are reasonable. Staff encouraging and knowledgable. I think I've found my new spot and I couldn't be happier.
2	I have been going there for years and had no problem until today. There were a lot of different people there so it looks like maybe new management? Today I had my appointment set for a couple weeks and went in and they told me that the person I made the appointment with doesn't work there anymore. They also said they were full so they couldn't get me in today. They said they called and left a message to let me know. They said they have a note in the system saying that they called and left a message with me. I told them I didn't get a message and they seemed to not believe me and didn't apologize. I told them I wish they would have called again to let me know so I could have made another appointment and they said well they called and left the message so they didn't have to. (I understand that part) I told them again I didn't get the message and they can check on my iPhone. So I left. I called back and told them I even checked my iPhone deleted messages and I never received a message from them. Bad business. This is my very first yelp review and I created an account just to make this review. They were not apologetic at all when I was there. I'm really disappointed. It looks like I will be going to Thorps!! I went straight over there, which is a couple blocks away, and they got me in as soon as they could. AND it's waaaay cheaper.
2	I have been going there for years and had no problem until today. There were a lot of different people there so it looks like maybe new management? Today I had my appointment set for a couple weeks and went in and they told me that the person I made the appointment with doesn't work there anymore. They also said they were full so they couldn't get me in today. They said they called and left a message to let me know. They said they have a note in the system saying that they called and left a message with me. I told them I didn't get a message and they seemed to not believe me and didn't apologize. I told them I wish they would have called again to let me know so I could have made another appointment and they said well they called and left the message so they didn't have to. (I understand that part) I told them again I didn't get the message and they can check on my iPhone. So I left. I called back and told them I even checked my iPhone deleted messages and I never received a message from them. Bad business. This is my very first yelp review and I created an account just to make this review. They were not apologetic at all when I was there. I'm really disappointed. It looks like I will be going to Thorps!! I went straight over there, which is a couple blocks away, and they got me in as soon as they could. AND it's waaaay cheaper.
5	I used to be the receptionist at this awesome barber shop and while that could make me a little biased, I feel like it also gives me insight that others don't have. The stylists and barbers here are serious about their craft and the environment is hard to beat. The music, colorful walls, and unique group of people make this a comfortable place to get beautified.
5	The best.  Oribe products galore.  Robyn is the best!  Always smiling and actually listens to what her clients want.  Highly recommend.
