5	Im from california and went to vegas with some friends. I ws on a search for mexican food as and was driiving around in N. Las Vegas and saw this lil restauraunt. I was really happy to say that it was so nice to be at an authentic restauraunt that was not a buffet! I would definetely eat here again the Carnitas tacos were so yum!
1	Okay, I live right down the street from this place and had such hope for it. I took my mom and sister there one night and all that hope was just completely run over by a truck. Their prices are great though! I ordered an enchilada and got a burrito. Actually, none of us got what we ordered. And that was after waiting for close to an hour for our food to be ready. But it looked good so I decided to just go for it. I did like the sauce, but everything after that was just horrible, overcooked, dry, and flavorless. I couldn't even finish the thing. Maybe it was just an off night? It was disappointing though. If you choose to try this place, I recommend calling your order in ahead of time and checking your order before you leave.
4	I stopped by earlier to satisfy my craving for some tacos. The cashier suggested I order the Asada Plate instead, since it was only $1 more. I took his advice and was not disappointed. The beef was seasoned and cooked perfectly. It came with tortillas, rice and beans. The cost was $8.99 +tax. I will mos def come back to try their Tripe Tacos.
3	I first spotted this place out the corner of my eye while craving for some carne asada fries.  I was on my way to Roberto's but this place was closer to my house so I decided to try it. It's a small little little spot like any other mexican food joint, the food was ok, the price was a little more expensive than other joints like Roberto's. Either way it was just okay I guess. I still think Felipito's on Tropicana is the best mexican food spot in Vegas, price, quantity, and taste.
5	our family goes there about 3 times a month if not more the food is delicious and not bad in price! the carne asada burrito is good especially if u ask for wet burrito!
5	My wife and I love this place! They are so friendly & honest, the food is always freshly prepared and great tasting. Our favorite is the carne asada nachos! We go 2-3x a month! Simple: honest, nice and friendly staff who may not remember my name but certainly do remember my family and i's faces!
5	I love this place.  It is hard to find authentic mexican food that tastes so good in North Las Vegas.  I love all of their food.  They also have delicious orchata.  They are reasonably priced and are very nice.
2	Like the family owned business and I'm all for mom and pops places.. Bt I have to say its totally greasy..... Sorry not again....
2	I've gotten food from here twice. Experienced good customer service however the food taste bland. Not sure if the food is made "fresh" or to order. I ordered a side of Spanish rice and the lady put a ziploc bag of rice in the microwave (that I had to wait 5 minutes for). I would rather drive down the street to Roberto's for Mexican food.
4	Just tried Mi Familia for the first time.... Loved it!
4	I love, love, love their chips and salsa. The carne asada burrito is tasty along with the carnitas tacos. Yeah, the restaurant itself isn't fancy schmancy, but it gets the job done and fills my belly- making me a happy chappy!
5	Not  a fancy place, but a place that has menudo everyday and outstanding homemade tortillas on the weekends. Burritos come with everything inside but they will put the beans and rice on the side. Great prices and great food, we eat there a couple times a week.
4	I live nearby, and my husband sends me for tacos regularly. I am a big fan of the carnitas plate. I won't pretend to be an expert on authentic Mexican food, but It is delicious and family-owned. The people are generally friendly, and they prepare the food fresh. Sometimes I feel like an intruder because I'm a pasty white girl ordering in English, but the food is worth a little self consciousness!It's not really a destination kind of restaurant, but an awesome little neighborhood place amidst a serious lack of good food choices in eastern North Las Vegas.
1	I am not sure who is rating this place but as far as I am concerned it is the WORST MEXICAN FOOD I have ever eaten. I meet my friend for lunch and we both ordered beef chimichangas. They were like steak ums fried to a crisp, dried rice and beans added. No sauce of any kind. I LOVE MEXICAN FOOD! This is not close to anything I have ever eaten. They charge for tap water ($1.00) to use your credit card ($1.00) for the guacamole and sour cream that comes with your meal if you want it on the side???  When my friend asked about it and requested her monies back for them, she was given it after a few request. She "Thanked "them and the owner told her never come back... I would never go there again not just because the food is unfit to eat but because of the attitude of the owner.
3	Inconsistent. I may sound sexist, but I've only gotten good food and service here when the middle aged man was working. When he's on, the food is perfectly cooked, the sauce is thick , the salsa is thick, and you'll actually get a refill if needed. Otherwise, expect poor service, bad, overcooked food and a lack of over all consistency.My chicken quesadilla was awesome when the guy made it, had sauce and a nice whipped sour cream, otherwise it's a bland tortilla with salsa on the side.
4	I come here for the tacos and the sopes. This place is nice and simple. I think they are best for their tacos.
4	I've searched for some real authentic Mexican cooking for a while in north vegas, and this place does the job great! The tacos, the fish, the burritos, even the quesadillas are on point and prices are not bad.
