2	One time my friend and I were browsing the cheap cosmetics and toiletries. My friend put her hand in her pocket, took her phone out and checked it, then put her phone away. A harmless thing to do, yes?No.The shop assistant then bellowed across the shop to the other girl:"Here, watch those two girls one just put her hand in her pocket! Better keep an eye on them!'' In her finest mink accent.All the other customers turned and looked at us and my friend blew a gasket. It was quite entertaining, but bugger going back there again.
3	A handy alternative to the likes of Boots and Superdrug is Semi Chem. Stocking all things toiletries but at an occasionally far cheaper rate than the afore mentioned stockists it's well worth a look.For some peculiar reason a burly bouncer is always present at the entrance. This, as well as telling you the clientele are mostly dodgy locals, tells me the deals found in here are an absolute steal...(cringe).
2	As the other reviewers have mentioned, SemiChem is a less exciting alternative to Boots and Superdrug. This one is particularly hectic and it's usually a struggle to find what you're looking for with most of the shelves overflowing with stuff.They do have some good deals on perfumes now and again but they're usually ones that are pretty old school. I guess it's worth a browse to check out the offers and it's particularly good for picking up face wipes and make-up remover but apart from that I'll stick to Boots and Superdrug.
4	If you like Boots, but also like Jeremy Kyle and those women's mags with true stories such as "I had an affair with my husband's gay Siamese twin", then you'll love Semichem.Cheap and shabby, but full of bargains, they saved my life one hot summer's day when my body odour had got so repugnant it was even making me feel sick.
2	A name like Semi-Chem kind of says it all.Not quite good enough to be a chemist, not quite well stocked enough to be anyting else. The staff arent the greatest, or friendliest I have ever met. There is a large range of cheap toiletarries and various other medicines and fungal foot potions that the patrons of this shop might need while they wait what seems like a life time to get thier actual medicine.I think you are better off going to boots or just putting up with whatever you needed the medicine for in the first place.
3	I'm a bit turned off by Semi Chem, but I've never had a particularly bad experience in one of their stores, either.It's a bit cheap, and a little rough around the edges - sadly, this includes the customer service experience - but it's alright.As Gavin said, it can be your saviour if you're in desperate need of some new deodorant. I wouldn't say it was very good as a chemist, but for bargains and cheaper brands, it's ok.
3	This place has everything, but I;m not going to lie...kinda freaks me out. Warning - childhood memory coming up....When I was younger my gran would take me here or the other branches and she would spend ages pouring over all the creams and lotions, and all the shampoo smells and all the toothpaste qualities. So I associate Semi-chem with frustrated memories of choosing between 'berry blossom' or 'vanilla skies' because 'people can smell your hair you know.' Nostalgia aside, they have a lot of stock and it's all pretty decent. This shop is pretty small and narrow, however, and can get a bit cramped. Staff are lovely though.You can't really go wrong with semi chem
