4	Wow! I did not know the concept behind Marshalls!?  So many deals and for such small prices!! I was absolutley amazed!  Go here! get some deals before the rest of the world goes and buys all the good deals!
3	Not impressed, but it is what it is.  Much like the other two stores in the plaza that offer much of the same savings.  I always find it weird that they have a TJ Maxx in here as well, especially since they are owned by the same company.  They should have saved that other store front for another business that would have been a bit different.The merchandise is about the same as any other location (read that as: browse, browse a lot).  Finding a particular item in here is not an easy task.  But it can be done.  You just have to give it time and keep an open mind.  Sometimes this location can be a mess with customers opening packages to see what exactly they are about to buy and that can be an annoyance.  One thing that I do like is they have a fitting room, so even though those jeans are cheap, you can still try them on to make sure they fit before you get them home.Saving a few bucks never hurt, but you may not always find what you want or need here.
4	Great place for cheap designer names. Marshall's is the type of store you go to on a rainy day and sift through the racks for hours. I have found all types of deals at this location. Everything from True Religion jeans for $99.99 to Polo shirts for $29.99. Be sure to check out the shoe section for spectacular deals as well.This location used to be a hidden gem a couple years ago but, since the economy tanked Marshall's is seeing a lot more customers so the selection is not as good as it once was. It seems like now as soon as something is put out it is snatched right up.Be sure to check the packaging BEFORE you buy as a lot of times previous customers will open them up to see what all is inside and then not buy it and leave it there like that. If you can't find anything check out the near by TJ Maxx as both stores are owned by the same company.
