5	I always get 5 star service here.  I'm most often there when I stop by and get a coffee on the way to the farmers market early Saturday mornings and it's almost always busy!  Luckly, busy doesn't seem to matter the employees always have a smile and are ready for a quick chat while you order or wait.This location does seem to be a few cents more then others though, even the one just down the street near Target is almost a buck less with 2 coffees.
4	My Friday morning treat, being from Seattle I have to enjoy Starbucks from time to time and Friday is normally it.  This is a drive-thru (and walk up) only location which for that time of day is perfect for me since I don't need to take extra time getting out, going in, coming back and then leaving.  Staff is always very friendly and pretty quick in getting your order ready.
4	I would call this location, "my starbucks".  I frequent Starbucks about three times per week but the funny part is I only drink the iced tea.  I love this starbucks because of its location which is about a mile north off the I-10 on Dysart rd.  I also like how its an "express" location because it means people, like myself, just want to get a drink and go.  I don't really care for the coffee shop experience, so this place is great for me.  I give it 4 stars because I want my ice tea very cold when its served and there have been times where it has not been cold.
4	Love the drive through only concept.  In and out in a flash!!!  This place must get busy, they have a ton of employees working.
5	Great service!!! Very friendly and made with a smile every time. Starts a great day.
4	Mmmmm... starbucks... Always fast and near my son's daycare. What better combination can we ask for?
5	Great drive thru service!
5	Hopefully I have the right location.  If so, this place is only "to-go".  There's some outdoor sitting but you can't go "inside" to order something.I come here probably a couple times a month and I always get pretty good service.  Really chipper folks but I guess I would be, too, if I was serving coffee all day (and drinking it too - presumably!)Even when the lines are long, it goes by pretty fast.  They've got it together there.
5	This is THE best Starbucks. The service is always fast whether you go through the drive thru or walk up to the window. I go a few times a week and they always remember me and joke around with me as if we've known each other forever. The coffee is always good (I'm from Seattle, I know good coffee..), the food is typical Starbucks food (sandwiches, bagels, sugary treats!) and the staff is really just amazing. They never mess up my drink, unlike the Starbucks down the road, which is why I'll drive the extra couple minutes just to come here! This location is mainly a drive thru location. You can walk up to the window, but you can't go inside. Convenient if you're driving through town and need a quick pick me up. OR...if you just want someone to smile at you. ;)
5	I stop here every morning and always get fast service with a smile!
4	A great kiosk style Starbucks!  I miss having the lobby, so that is the reason for the four stars.  The walk-up window is awesome and their newly re-vamped patio is a great place to spend a sunny Phoenix day.  The partners at this store provide excellent service!
5	I was so sleepy so my boyfriend offered since it was on the way. It was drive thru only, there were 6 cars ahead of us but we got our coffee quick though. I love it! Very enthusiastic friendly drive thru people!
5	I love this Starbucks! It's my go to spot every morning! I definitely recommend the green tea latte here, it's fabulous! I love you Starbucks!!
5	This Starbucks location is fantastic! The staff is always friendly and the service is fast! The entire Real Estate Brokerage visits on a daily basis to get their morning started. Though it would be nice to have a lobby, the new renovated patio is perfect in warmer weather!
5	This is the most pleasant Starbucks I have ever been to. There is always a polite person on the other end of the speaker when ordering and and even funnier and pleasant person when paying. I think they hire only these type of people which makes it a even more joyful experience while picking up your favorite starbuck beverage.
5	I absolutely love this star bucks. extremely friendly staff, quick and efficient service and great environment. ask for john to make your favorite coffee frapp!
5	I love this place! It's my everyday go to place for coffee on the way to Estrella CC :)
5	I love this place! It's my everyday go to place for coffee on the way to Estrella CC :) They're always polite and have my coffee ready to go.
4	Love this place!! Always friendly and gets the order correct and delicious the first time
5	Great customer service!!!! The staff are always very friendly, quick and orders are always correct. My favorite Starbucks. They always offer my dog a pupucinno (a plus). I have closer Starbucks to me but the extra few minutes to get to this Starbucks is well worth it.
5	Great service and quick. Everyone is very friendly. Walk up, outside sitting area and drive thru options.
5	Always great service  I never have any problems at this location this may be a shorter review but even with long lines it generally takes less than 5 minutes to get anything done here
4	I had the best machiatto I've ever had here, but it was very expensive. The decor is very nice and comortable, but as previously mentioned, it is quite expensive.
5	Drive-thru and walk-up Starbucks. I usually come here when I'm in town. They always give me quick service and always get my drinks right.
3	Slow and they never make my drink right.  I think it may be because of the young workers. just not consistent.  One worker still looked asleep when I ordered my coffee at 5am once.
