3	Cafe Ellefsen also serves up Scandinavian meatballs as well as a "Norwegian poutine" and mackerel poutine, all of which I have plans to try in the near future. Although the place calls itself a cafe, it sits on that grey line between cafe and restaurant... or even diner for that matter. I've never stood inline at a cafe before, except for certain Barstucks where I would stand like an idiot waiting for a seat because a bunch of jerks decided a cafe would be a great place to sit with a laptop all day. Just so happened that these geniuses found there way to Cafe Ellefsen this particular Sunday. I don't see this being a problem now, but once the word gets out about their food, I would see it causing a conflict between turning tables and people nursing a herbal tea. In any case, with a refined and concise menu, this spot is a great choice for a light meal that's a little bit out of the ordinary.
4	My first time here last night and it was great! I really enjoyed everything from start to finish. I really appreciate an establishment that makes everything from scratch (including their cola!). It is a breath fresh air.I had the Norwegian poutine which is poutine, with home-cut fries, home made sauce, aged cheddar and meatballs. it was exceptionally good! The best part was the cheddar: it was such a strong and delicious cheese WAY above regular cheese curds in regular poutines.For dessert they had a fresh-out-of-the-oven bread pudding which was served with homemade preserve that was absolutely delicious! My friend who I was with has been here a couple of times and told me they have different desserts every time she comes depending on what they make that day. I love that! It adds a little sense of excitement. The design of the place was also really lovely, every element was well thought out, neat and clean. Great service too. Will be going back again.
4	Sat in the back on a recent spring Saturday beneath the white birdcage lamps at the hefty wooden communal table. Pulled a classic "we'll have what they're having, plus mimosas" maneuver, and ended up with a trio of salmon gravlax on blinis with assorted caviar, and another trio of smorrebrod of which the goat cheese was the favourite. The canard was served with a marmalade that wasn't my fav, but all in all this was a wonderful way to start the day. In particular I love the mix of impeccably beautiful food, folks drinking champagne in the AM, tucked next to the macbook warriors mainlining espresso. Let's cuddle.
3	I went to a Norwegian cafe and all I got was a poutine. So yes, the joke was all on me. I guess I wasn't in the mood to be adventurous and try their open faced sandwich that looked super sexy on other people's plates. But my companion did get one of those and he thought it was delicious. The poutine was actually quite decent, though perhaps a tad too refined to my liking. Poutine's supposed to look gross, afterall. Lovely place, in any case! No complaints.
