5	Wow, lived here for 10 years and never knew this was here.  In a Quaker building right off the 51 is one of the most Americana events you can catch.  Folk music played accoustically, by a varied group of folks.My son loved it as did my girlfriend.  Cheap coffee for $1.00 and sodas, along with homemade baked goods round out the offering.  It really isn't a coffee house as much as a great place to hear music.Very sparse (think Quaker) but a perfect environment for the music.  If you need to chill out for a few hours, hit this place up.  There are few places in America where you will see this environment.  Everyone is welcoming and nice, we will definately return.
5	We always have a great time at Fiddler's Dream. Not your traditional coffee house, but if you enjoy good coffee and good music, give this place a try.
5	I recently discovered this little music venue...its all about the music and the musicians , just as it should be!!  I don't know why, but the acoustics of this simple block building is fantastic!  Iv'e been a couple a times, and planning to return soon and take more friends!  If you haven't been, you are truly missing out!   Price of admission/snacks  are very reasonable, and they  may pass around a "tip jar" after each performance  ...Love ! Love! Love!
4	in a non descript school house at a Quaker Church compound that's it's so easy to miss it unless you know of the place. Parking's tight with both private lot and a neighborhood street available. Walking in, it's not much coffee house but you definitely can see it's a quaint, cute music venue that's cozy. It's got character, and very indie that I totally love it, and look forward to coming back to in the future. =)
4	Love coming here to Fiddler's. it is a small small place, and it is pretty difficult to find. It is part of a compound or something. I am not sure what the whole property is, but it is odd.Anyways it is a small acoustics only venue where open mic nights are impressive, and other nights with the talent coming in are chill.Always has a cover, but that isn't that bad since that cover goes into running the place (i am pretty sure). the usuals here are amazing musicians and you would be lucky to hear them.I love it when the old guys play they are amazing guitarists
