4	Awww I just met you! Thanks David. I read online and there's this extra menu not just the "buffet" style. Now I don't wanna say it really is "buffet" style. You come in with a great selection of fresh ingredients ranging from fresh shrimp, blue crab, tilapia, salmon, etc. There are also fresh veggies and meat section there's a selection of thin sliced beef, thin sliced chicken, napa cabbage, bok choy, etc....I really liked the tom yum style broth. Now remember when you cook this stuff in your broth it takes on the characteristics of the food you put in. Like mussells....Tom Yum and Mussells. Strong flavor. Dont forget to strain out all the stuff with your strainer so you don't thicken your broth! There's also a gelato station and a shaved ice station with coconut gel, and grass jelly, mung beans. This is an asian specialty. Very simple food yet complex flavors and texture. Uhm oh yea. If you're not used to shabu shabu style eating....this is a little different. If it's your first time. It's a little messy....yes if you don't use chopsticks then there's gonna be a little mess. There are also different types of noodles that can go into the boiling pot of death. It was very difficult to get the noodles out of the pot. So I really want to go back again. I wanna try the stuff ON the menu and not just the hot pot.  I also wish they served liquor. But because the other menu wasn't offered, the noodles were hard to get out of the pot, and there's no liquor....I'll give it 4 stars. GREAT PLACE! Don't get me wrong. But this kind of food is great with a Kirin or a Tsing Tao.
5	From Pinpoint Publications' 89148 Magazine, "The hottest new trend in dining has arrived in the neighborhood with the opening of Nina, an Asian Fusion Hotpot/Shabu-Shabu restaurant. Taking a variety of Asian flavors and transforming them into a true dining experience, Nina offers a vast array of lunch and dinner specialties that warm the soul. Vietnamese Spring Rolls, SugarCane Shrimp Rolls, Tri-tip Steak and Five-Spice Broiled Chicken are but a few of the tasty items on the lunch menu. Dinner served Shabu Shabu style where guests choose from a buffet of lean, thin-sliced Round-Eye beef, chicken, seafood, noodles and vegetables, cooking them in their own Asian hot pot filled with healthy, flavored broths. See why Shabu Shabu has become the most talked about dining experience in the country."Nina's management is proud to present to you a uniquely healthy, fun, inter-active dining experience. Updated 6/8/2007: Las Vegas Review Journal write up,http://www.lvrj.com/neon/7900592.htmlLas Vegas City Life write up,http://www.lasvegascitylife.com/articles/2007/03/29/eats_and_drinks/dining/iq_13392057.txt
