5	i looove susie's. first off, you order a coke and it comes in the bottle, just like in mexico. second, they have plenty of totally out of skew, no perception wall murals with disporportionate people, also just  like mexico.the food is good and cheap. in fact, they won best inexpensive mexican food in Get Out's eating and drinking awards
3	Checked Susie's out today with Alexander C.  Perhaps I was too absorbed with the conversation that I didn't notice the food or maybe the food itself just wasn't that special.Between the four of us we ordered a bit of everything.  The soft tacos with lengua, cabeza and pastor were solid - would've been better with more onions and cilantro.  The green corn tamale was bone dry - it was obvious even before I put it in my mouth - the corn husk looked like it had never seen a drop of water.  My guess is that instead of steaming it to heat it up, they had just baked it or even worse, nuked it.The best dishes seemed to be the soups - Alex's posole had the right color to it and my albondigas contained some tasty pillowy-soft meatballs.I don't think Susie's is any cheaper than most of the other Mexican joints I've been at.  In fact, El Nopalito's tacos are only 99cents.  Susie's tacos were $1.45 and up.  Mexican food is in general cheap (depending on how much decor you're willing to give up), so the deciding factor is in the taste which Susie's, unfortunately, did not especially shine at.
3	So Ive been chatting with MJ K. for a while now.. we both have certain alignments that we instantly could relate with one another.. tacos, eating and yelping! So we decided to meet at Susie's Cafe for a bite and some chat action. Well this is one of those places.. decent Mexican food at decent prices. Now the problem with that is that there are loads of other places that taste better and are cheaper.. this leaves Susie's it's location value. I was amazed to see so many people coming and going from this place, seems very popular with the locals. Plus if you order a lunch special, 6.95 and up, you can add a draft beer for $.01! Now that's a real bargain!The pozole was great! Nice thick pieces of meaty pork, nice sides too, though what's up with the lemons? Also order a red chile burro and a beef taco.. the taco came sitting on lettuce, hot food and lettuce, come on! Took one bite, yeah, not so much, oily and flavorless. Now onto the burrito, acceptable. Now I haven't had any decent red chile in some time so being acceptable is a pretty good thing!Was the food enough to get me to come back.. not really, this visit was all about the conversations! I hoped this place would be better but it just wasn't. Am I saying I would go back, no, I would since they make a pretty mean bowl of posole.. I'm such a glutton for good soup!
4	Suzie's is a cool place if you set your expectations properly. The food is decent, not overly memorable but definitely good for the price. The service is always mediocre at best ... but consistent. The atmosphere is hole in the wall / old & crusty ... but that gives it character. I'm particularly fond of Friday night's when they have a mariachi band crammed in the corner playing. Don't go out of your way for this place, but if you're in the neighborhood it's worth a stop.
4	Susie's is great--not the best but friendly, dingy and tasty. They try hard to be better than they are, but the proof is in the food. It's good--a little rough around the edges, but good. Strange front door...but I like it when I'm in Aridzona. Not as good as SoCal Mexican, but better than Serrano's by a mile...and Macayo's too. Now, Jordan's on Central...that's the place! But if you're over in Mesa/Tempe, Susie's is a good choice. Aloha....
2	Me and the Madre went here a couple of weeks ago looking for a good place to eat in Mesa... we happened upon Susie's. We entered through their crazy awesome door that was HUGE! and was seated quickly. the menu was okay looking, lots of pictures... that's kind of a turn off for me. blah. Menus with pictures *shudder* anyway, the food was drab and not worth the fuss. The decor was drap also and everything needed to be disenfected. or atleast hosed down. The wallpaper and the countless tiles are all from the 70s. I didn't hate this place, but I won't be back unless I'm promised a VERY strong margarita.
4	Great hole in the wall mexican food.  mexican coke in a bottle and decent food.  Ive heard if youre a gringo you may not want to head here on dollar beer night, but the staff has always been nice and its got huge portions on the cheap.  Its your typical shredded meats, beans and veggies but its way better than Filibertos but about the same price.
4	I was looking for a decent Mexican food restaurant close to work and stumbled across Susie's. Similar in price to Filiberto's but the serving sizes weren't quite as big as Filiberto's is (that's fine with me; I actually prefer "normal" serving sizes.) Loved the soft tacos! Ate there while on lunch break so didn't get to try the 1 cent beer with lunch, but made me want to go back on a Saturday to check it out!
4	Suzie's a great place for their lunch specials, they have good posole and beef tacos, and I remember they only cost like 6-7 bucks for lunch, throw in a 1 penny beer and you are ready to go back to the office a happy man.Like someone else posted, you have to know what to expect.  Think a nice sit down Filibertos with bigger variety and a little more food.  and yup, the food's gonna be a little oily, but their salsa is nice and spicy :)My buddy from El Paso loves this place cause he says the food is pretty authentic, like what his grandma would make when he is home.
4	One fateful day after I moved to AZ, I "stumbled" upon this gem (we were specifically in search of Mexican, so I supposed it's not much of a stumble). With delicious soft tacos, salsa, beans, amazing prices (3 carne asada tacos, rice, beans for around $6 with penny beers- say what!) and a familial feel, Suzie's soon became my go-to for Mexican. Their margaritas are from a mix, the beers on tap are nothing special and the meat does not follow my "know where your meat comes from" philosophy, but Suzie's definitely has a soft spot in my heart and stomach!
4	Love this place. I've been going there since I was a kid with my parents. I now take my child there. Prices have gone up a bit...but the food is still great. I especially like the fajitas and the asada tacos.
2	I've lived in Arizona for 18 years so that makes me more than qualified to judge a Mexican restaurant when I eat at one. Today for lunch co-workers and I decided to eat at Susie's Mexican Cafe. We had previously visited this place before about 2 years ago and found that hardly anything has changed. Don't let appearances deceive you. The big red door is the only cool thing about the look and feel of this establishment. We were surprised when we entered and there was a line, but the line was full of people trying to pay. So we had to wait a while to be seated. When we sat down, I saw that the booth we were sitting in was held together by duct tape. Not a promising sign. Overall, the place was dirty. It needed a good power washing from top to bottom and I did not feel comfortable sitting there. However, after living here for such a long time I believe this is just par for the course for Mexican restaurants. Sad. Everybody who went said the food was good but not great. Surprising given that their motto is "A Great Mexican Food Place". They should replace the menus and update them as they have been in circulation for over two years. I had three shredded beef tacos. I think I would have rather had Jack-In-The-Box monster tacos instead. The taquitos looked rather good. I'm sure some menu items are better than others, but haven't verified. Everything that came out of the kitchen looked like standard Mexican food that you'd get at Macayo's or some other Mexican joint.The lunch specials were $6.75 with our choice of 1 cent draft beer or fountain soft drink. Since I didn't drink any alcohol for lunch you can trust my review isn't tainted. The menu explicitly stated there are no free refills on drinks. Also your first basket of chips was free, but after that they were $2.15 each.  They won't do substitutions on their lunch menu and  they won't split the check. However when you go to pay, you can pay separately. Same difference. To sum it up it was a sub par experience at least for me. I wasn't impressed, but rather underwhelmed. If you want better Mexican food, I would try Pedro's Mexican Restaurant, Blanco Scottsdale, Cervantes Restaurant, or Carolina's Mexican Food.
5	Front door the size of my college dorm room and decor inside as old as the hills. But the food is great. A little hole in the wall that always comes through in taste. My girlfriend is addicted to the carnitas tacos. Tiny street vendor style things, she can't get enough of them. I go for red chile and am always happy when I leave. Yeah it's not fancy, Yeah, it's never going to make it into Phoenix magazine. But it's good. period.
4	Went here last Saturday night for dinner on a blind date and was impressed w/this little diamond in the rough! Be careful that you don't drive past it - their signage is not lit up at night and not very big and I flew right by it! Yes, it's nothing too fancy/pretty, but the food is great and the customer service is fast and friendly. I had the cheese enchilada and beef tamale and couldn't finish it - it was pretty tasty! My date had the Shrimp Javier and said he always orders that and seemed content with the quality. We both had ice cold Pacificos and had a great evening. I will definitely be back for more!
4	Best Mexican food in Tempe. Good people. Good food. You can order large quantities of rice and beans to re-heat throughout the week-if you're a busy student.
3	Went there on Saturday night.  It was a solid 3 star review.  Burritos were good, tacos fell apart because the shell was so crunchy when I bit into it.  Wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again.  Filibertos on Main and Dobson in Mesa is better.
3	{Actual Date of Visit: 12/1/11}My visit started off rocky.  When I drove up, the outside of the place looked desolate and nondescript.  (Eyebrow raise).  Ummmm is that the door?  As I entered, I noticed the restaurant was really dark and not in a sexy-ambiance kind of way.  ("Uh-oh" I thought).  I approached the counter and received the side-eye for what I believed was my presentation of a Groupon for $10 of 20 worth of food.  "Susie" (I assume) examined my coupon for about a minute then said "Ok".   I was like, "Sooooo, do i seat myself or...?"  She answered, "Have a seat, someone is coming."  I sat down and a waitress came to take my order.  After I ordered my food, the waitress came back to tell me the lunch special was excluded from the Groupon.  Fair enough.  So I had to start over again with not a lot of veggie options to choose from.  I got the two cheese enchilada which was good, not amazing, but definitely good enough to order 2 more to go to finish off my Groupon,lol.  I liked the rice that came along with it.  For desert, I ordered the sopapillas.  I didn't expect so many of them!  They taste kind of like a beignet or chinese donut.  Towards the end, "Susie" warmed up to me and told me about the student 10% discount and invited me back.  I may go back to check it out with friends, but I hesitate due to the lack of options for the vegetarian.
4	Susie's is fantastic. The Albondigas Soup is out of this world. They serve a mild and hot salsa with a complimentary basket of chips - both are outstanding. The beef tacos and cheese enchiladas are very good. I'm a big fan of Susie's! They've been there for over 20 years so they're doing something right!!!
3	Tasty food, lackluster service.  Probably won't go back.
4	I have been coming to Susies for almost 19 years for 1 thing and 1 thing only...the green chili burrito! It is by far the best in the valley! My husband and I have tried tons of little Mexican restaurants in the valley just to compare the green chili burrito to Susies and Susies ALWAYS wins! The beans are heaven and the rice is pretty good too! I am honestly not sure of how anything else tastes on the menu! :-)
1	What a joke. Worst service I think I've ever received. I feel bad for the owners of such an awful establishment. We went because reviews on yelp. Awful. Vegetables weren't cooked all the way through. We were one of 3 tables and had to wait 30 minutes for food. We all ate cereal at home it was so bad. Cold, not cooked, no flavor. Shame on Susie.
2	Not impressed.The service wasn't that great and my tacos were very greasy.
2	First, I came here with a coupon from one of those entertainment books my daughter's school sells.  Many items were excluded including the lunch specials and the menudo.  Apparently, to be truly Mexican you have to enjoy eating a cow's stomach in soup -- menudo.  So Eli M. and I vowed to return one day.  Ah, yes, I am not even a little Mexican, but suffer from a proclivity to try unusual foods others turn up their noses at.  Enter Groupon.Having purchased a Groupon that excluded the lunch specials, but not the menudo, Eli M. and I, with some friends in tow, made our return.  I told Eli M. that menudo costing less than $7 seemed a little dubious given the extensive perpetuation process he described, but we didn't let a little thing like that deter us. As the menudo was cheaply priced, I also ordered a chorizo burrito a la carte.  I was trying to max out the Groupon, and soup, regardless of the contents, didn't seem that filling.  Eli M. doesn't eat much and was satisfied with just a medium sized bowl of menudo. In terms of taste however, he said that it was okay.  He said it was too greasy, which is what our friends also said of their food.  Moreover, they have Pepsi instead of Coke.  And the location is a bit out off the quick lunch radius.  So, it looks like Eli M. and I will max out at two visits to Susie's.  Thanks for the menudo.
4	Inexpensive, no-frills Mexican cuisine.  The vibe here is like you're eating Mexican food at a Mexican restaurant in AZ from the '80s, and it's definitely possible that all the decor hasn't changed much since the '80s.  I had a horchata and the chile relleno plate.  The horchata was nice- it was very creamy tasting and not too sweet, and they sprinkled some ground cinnamon on top for added flavor.  The chile relleno was quite good.  The breading was nice, and it was a good balance of chile to cheese.  The refried beans in the plate were also very tasty, but the rice was a little too crunchy for me.
3	This was highly-recommended by some friends who have been coming here since they were kids. The green chili carne was definitely 5-star ... right up there with the best I've ever had. Rice and beans good too, as well as chips and very good salsa. My husband loves chicken chimichangas/pollo fundidios. So, he got that. He said it was ok, but he wasn't too impressed, as he would rather get his from Garcias or Someburros. Daughter had bean burrito, and we shared a good cheese crisp. Oh -- I had a margarita on the rocks. Decent price, but not a decent margarita. Too much like that fakey mix taste and was there any tequila in there? Not bad for the price; but I would just get water with lemon next time. I'll want to go back to try other items, though I may have to order that green chile burro again .. so good.
1	I have eaten here twice (hoping my first experience was just a bad fluke... but sadly it wasn't). The service at this place is HORRIBLE. My first visit, I told the waiter that this was my first time and he said "that's nice" and just walked away. It took forever to get drink refills, salsa for our chips, etc. The waiter just didn't care and treated us like we were inconveniencing his otherwise very lazy day (FYI, we were one of 3 tables in the entire place... it was pretty dead in there). The sad part is the food was actually pretty good, so we decided to give it another shot. The next time we went, the service level was just as bad even though we had a different server (a waitress this time). Asking for extra water, salsa, etc. seemed like such a chore for her... and she'd disappear into the kitchen for long periods of time, then come back with one little thing for one of the 3-4 tables of people (again, pretty dead in there) and would then disappear again... it really seemed like she was avoiding the customers. For such a small, dead place... you would think they would be trying to WOW their customers to drum up some new business, but no... they don't want you here. Customers are just a nuisance to them.
4	the red hot sauce is so great here, I would tend to overlook some of the service/appearance issues noted in some of the other reviews. it is amazing to finally find home-style, no frills, no damned 'southwest' or 'tex-mex' style, basic tasty mexican food....at a very decent price! this is the kind of gem that is so easy to find in my hometown of san diego, but has proven very difficult to locate here. EXTREMELY happy to have found SUSIE'S!! we will be regular patrons..Just a review update, as we just ate there a few days ago again....and everything was PERFECT! Our food arrived in under 5 minutes from ordering, and it was just great. We cannot ever leave Susie's without taking home a pint of their red sauce....it's too good not to bring some home. Thanks again, Susies, for being so good!!
5	If you are writing poor reviews you obviously have not eaten Susie's Chile Verde con Carne.   I dream about it.  And I grew up in New Mexico!  The best  bowl of green chili stew or even better the green enchiladas with melt-in-your-mouth beef anywhere in town.  #13...don't forget the sour cream.   So you with the 2 & 3 stars go back and try the green chili and watch your stars become shooting stars!  I've never tried anything else there.  Why would you when you've found green chili heaven? Man, just talking about it makes me drool.  I'm headed out the door.....Susie's here I come!
4	Went there a while back for dinner. I was soooooo impressed with their red hot sauce. It was definately the best I've had at a mexican restaurant. Food was very authentic and traditional. Just the way I like it. I have absolutely no complaints, and have recommended them several times already. And you gotta love their lunch special with a beer for only a penny more! Totally awesome. Quite a find here in the east valley, where it's kind of difficult to locate a great mexican sit down restaurant.
4	I went back here the other night with a friend and tried two things I never had before. The shrimp al la diabla was spicy and delicious (though I could have had about 3x the amount of shrimp), and the pozole was very flavorful. Tons of pork and good spice. My go to "real" Mexican joint.
2	I have been eating at this place for a few years! They have amazing food, but the staff has always been rude, but I put up w it because of the great good. It is on the dirty side! I got some food to go last night and found a hair in my Mexican Pizza! I won't be coming back!!!
4	I have been coming to Susie's since I was about 5. I used to live around the corner, so we would walk here... and every time, except for maybe a few, I order the same thing... bean and cheese burrito with beans and rice on the side and an horchata. I have had other stuff and I like it a lot, but this brings back great memories for me. I was there when they did renovations. I love when they have a mariachi band. It is definitely a hole in the wall and service is so bad... but it gives it character. PLUS there beans and cheese are like crack... so damn good. Come here with friends when you have the time to sit and chat for awhile...
5	Suzie's has a lot of good Mexican food, like cheese crisps, tacos, enchiladas, and more. The service is sometimes slow but it is worth the wait. The Shrimp Javier is my favorite. I am a regular here, it's that good. The cheese enchiladas are  pretty good too. It's also kid-friendly which is nice. They also have cold beer, which is nice. Its not expensive, and that's nice too. Its a nice place to go to!!!
4	Great Mexican food.  Has the best green chilli.  Pricing is kind of high especially for the attmisphere but the food is great
5	My favorite mexican food in all of Phoenix.  I don't know what they do to their refried beans but they taste like candy.  When I lived in Florida I used to dream about their burritos of carne asada.  Good people, awesome food.
4	Super good! I haven't had anything bad yet. Both the red and green sauce are great. Good seafood options too.
3	Stumbled across this place with the boyfriend and we are craving Mexican food so we decided to go in . I had the number 13 which was two cheese enchilada with green chili sauce (has chunks of Mexican beef in the sauce) . It was rich and filling . I enjoyed it but the service was SUPER SLOW! We probably will come back but not unless we are in the area .
5	Oh dang.  Their chorizo Mexican pizza is to die for! Literally, you will die if you eat this due to the quart of greasy goodness that oozes out of the sausage onto the pizza.  Totally worth the cost of a funeral.
3	The only reason I go here is for the posole.The service is sub standard as the lady looks like she hates her job.
4	If you are going to eat a burrito that isn't good for you anyway, I would choose Susie's. I love this place. The horchata is great. I like to utilize this place for a quick takeout burrito instead of a say.... burrito express. It is comparable to El Charro's, and it's really cheap. I call ahead and never wait.
4	The tacos here are awesome.. but what is amazing here is their sopapilla's!!!! I always get my food to go it's always ready on time and the staff is fast and efficient.
5	Great green chile!   I love this place, it reminds me of so many super Mexican food restaurants that I used to go to when I grew up in the Tucson area.  Inexpensive and good.
1	Worst tacos ever I felt as I was biting into the taco I was biting into an oil taco. It was all greased up I could not even taste the beef. The tortilla was dipped in oil or something it was bad.
1	Roach alert:(I tried this place for the first time.  The food was pretty good and very well priced.  I was excited to know that I had found a decent Mexican restaurant close to me.  While enjoying my taco plate with rice and beans, I forked a roach out of my rice.We immediately stopped eating and called the waiter to our table.  She tried to offer me something else, but I couldn't stand the thought of my rice cooking and steaming with a roach.  We walked out and will never be back again.  Things happen, the place didn't look dirty.  I know roaches can be a pesky problem, but people shouldn't be finding roaches in their food.  I feel bad posting this, I mean no harm, but as someone who relies on these reviews when I decided on where to eat, I would want to know if I were you.  Anytime something like this happens, I feel obligated to let people know.  Hopefully they can resolve their roach issue, either way, I can't go back.
4	Ahhh... Susie's. Looks like a strip club on the outside and after going inside I am fairly convinced it used to be one. However, if you are looking for some legit Mexican food, this is the spot. The inside is weird looking, dark, and not overly inviting. But you have to look past all that because the food is really good and authentic.The carne asada tacos are amazing. I get them every time. I have also tried their enchiladas which were equally good. If I'm looking for a fun atmosphere or a nice place to relax and eat with friends I wouldn't go here. I come here when I'm hungry and need to get my taco fix. If you are a true fan of Mexican food and aren't phased by the refurbished strip club-y atmosphere and seedy neighborhood, Susie is your girl. If not, try Macayos.
5	We order pickup from Susie's often. My bf is a fan of their fajita chicken (& they've always been super accommodating to his specific, custom burrito order) and I am a habitual bean, cheese, & rice burrito consumer. Their tortillas are delicious and their rice is great,  as well as the hot salsa and fresh chips that come with every order. We've also enjoyed their carnitas and quesidillas, also great. Our favorite reason to keep coming back is the horchata - A+++
2	the food was good. beans are delicious. however portions are too small (compared to black bear where I usually do breakfast)the service was ok.
3	I have been coming to Susie's for 10+ years. Food it good. Excellent beans. Yes, it's unbelievable that refried beans can get screwed up. Rice is okay. Tostadas and folded shreded beef tacos are tasty. Real fried tortillas not processed Taco Bell style. Salsa isnt bad. Chips are hit and miss. Sometimes fresh other times not so much. Enchilladas aren't bad.Service over the years has consistently sucked! Starts with the hostess (the one that gives/takes the check/payment). Absolutley no personaltiy and sets the tone for the restaurant. She is who you see upon entry and exit. I assume she is related, that's why she's still there. Waiters are not much better. You will have to beg to get a refill because they only refill if you ask. Same with the chips and salsa. The salsa comes in a very small bowl no matter how big your party is.It is dark and dingy but that's part of the appeal. Bathroom leave much to be desired. Unfortunately, I keep going back because the food is good... that is until I find another place.
5	I drive by this place all the time never could I have imagined how good it would be . Best homemade food ever.just like my Nana .Service was good,  place was very clean. Will be back for sure.
3	Great chicken mole enchiladas. Slighty rude and aggressive roaming "mariachi"  guy that forces tips out of you. They have negro modelo even though it's not on the menu, so that's nice. Don't really go here on my own anymore, usually have to be invited by family. Free food?  Sure!
3	Got Pazole two years in a row here to go.  Great job on the food, but shouldn't have to wait for an hour after I place my order to get someone to pour pre-prepared soup into to-go containers.  I was waiting in the front while several people came up to the front to complain about the service.  They are under staffed, but the food is really good. Call way ahead of time for take out, or be prepared to wait if you dine in.
4	Northern Mexico food, at its best. Beans are homemade and good, have not got sick yet, so its been fresh. You do know, 9/10 times its bad beans, when you get sick, lol.They throw in some chips and salsa's to spoil your meal, buy hey, its up to you. Service is good and football (soccer in america) is always on, yeah.I do breakfast here sometimes and its the spot when I am hungry after work, so its a no miss for me. Posole and menudo too, not just on every other full moon when a democrat is president ;)They also have small bar in the back, but alcohol is not my thing so, who knows.Check it out, don't be scared.
