4	Crackers & Co just opened in Tempe in the Costco center on Priest and Elliot. It was packed for lunch today - a mix of Mesa's version of Ladies who Lunch and business types. Had the chicken tortilla soup. It was billed as "very spicy," but not so much. Still, very good and packed with chicken, broth and tortilla strips. You could tell its made fresh.How I've never heard of the other two locations in Mesa, I don't know. Apparently it's famed for breakfast - my favorite meal. Looking forward to trying it this weekend!
5	Hands down, the best breakfast I've had in Tempe/Phoenix.   We arrived on a Sunday morning around 9am and had no wait for a table.  The service was friendly and attentive.  A few slip ups on forgetting things in the kitchen (e.g. bringing someone's toast), but our waitress was great.Everyone in our party loved their food.  I had the Vatican skillet (which we still can't figure out why it's called the Vatican...?) and blueberry pancakes.  Others had the three musketeers omelette and the breakfast burrito.  All of the food was awesome.And then there was the brandied blackberry bread pudding dessert.  Oh. My. God.  I don't even have the words to describe it.  At least not words that are appropriate for yelp.  It alone is worth a trip to this restaurant.I'll be back.  Not soon enough.
5	I crave breakfast food all the time, but I want something more than an Ihop or Dennys. Not only is Crackers & Co way better than a mainstream breakfast place, it's actually cheaper too!I ordered the breakfast burrito without meat and it was amazing. It had just the right amount of spice and the portions were way bigger than I imagined. Their country potatoes are awesome and have nice, brown, crunchy edges. I went with a group of 5 people who all ordered different breakfast items and not a single person was disappointed with their food.This place was not only really cute but also great for the price and taste. Plus, they serve breakfast all day on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays.I can't wait to go back.
2	I went for breakfast during the week with a friend.  I was really looking forward to it because two different friends had highly recommended it.  The service was not very attentive even though the restaurant wasn't that busy.  My omelet and potatoes and pancakes were just mediocre.  I'm not sure I will venture back to this place.
5	I never get to go out to breakfast, but we went to Crackers & Co for a co-workers going away lunch early enough to order breakfast. SCORE! We were a party of about 12, came in at about 11 on a weekday. I have to give high praise to our waitress. She was very attentive, didn't get anyones order wrong. Split all of our bills without being asked. Gave them all to the right people and brought our change quickly! My food was FANTASTIC. I had the "Traditional Breakfast" with sourdough toast, scrambled eggs with cheese and country fried steak. Everything was hot, cooked perfectly and very tasty. Loved the crispy potatoes. The gravy on the country fried steak was good flavor, and the steak it self didn't feel like a grease bucket from being fried. I ate every bite it was so good. I felt like I was going to explode, but I didn't care. I only wish I could get out to breakfast more often. Sigh.
5	Still one of my favorite places for breakfast. The new location is OK, I've had some minor issues during lunch time but our breakfast the other day was Hot , Fresh and Delicious!I Love the California Benny, An English muffin layered with spinach, bacon, avocados, tomatoes and two large poached eggs topped with hollandaise sauce, Served with Crackers Country Potatoes(see pics) The Husband always gets the Vatican Skillet which is A layer of Crackers Country Potatoes mixed with breakfast sausage, bacon, mushrooms, onions, bell peppers, topped with cheddar cheese and two eggs any style (see pics) with a side of pancakes instead of toast, I think it's .99 cents more.Crackers is just a great place for home cooking with a huge menu and tons of dessert, I have several favorites!Check it out I think you'll agree.Open 7am -2:30pm.
4	Spending time in this area with other people make it a lot more bearable. Something else that makes it bearable-Yelping good food. My mom was leaving this morning and she wanted me to look up a good place for breakfast. We settled on Crackers & Co Cafe because it was close to her friend's house and we could pick her up. On the way over, though, my mom saw people were waiting outside and dropped me off so I could start waiting--good thinking! They took my name and told me it would be about 15 minutes.20 minutes later, my mom and her friend arrived just as my name was called. We were seated promptly in a corner table under the some windows, with convenient view of 2 flat-screen televisions, both broadcasting CNN. A little distracting but whatever. We were seated around 11 AM and by then my mom and I were no longer in the mood for breakfast foods. My mom's friend started with a Mango Iced Tea and I got the Strawberry Peach Iced Tea. They came quickly but tasted like something from a fountain or mix; very sweet and cool, but almost no tea-taste. They tasted fine, but I'm not sure that it was actually a fresh iced tea as it said on the menu. We ordered: Half-sandwich and soup: My mom got half a roast beef and provolone on wheat sandwich, with a bowl of Clam Chowder (usually only on Fridays but it was the Soup du Jour today). The roast beef was sliced very thin but there was a good amount, so much that my mom deconstructed her sandwich. The beef had a good texture but the sandwich overall was pretty bland. The clam chowder was delicious, thick and creamy but somehow still appropriate for a warm day because of the huge chunks of clams and mealy potato. Add a little Cholula and I'm all there (stole a lot of spoonfulls, actually).Belgian Waffle: My mom's friend asked if the toppings were fresh and the waitress answered honestly that the blackberries and blueberries were frozen but the strawberries were fresh. It came hot off the griddle with butter and a good amount of topping, but no syrup--we had to ask and someone else, I believe a manager, brought it over promptly. The Californian - I'm eating the leftovers of this sandwich as we speak.. which is roasted chicken breast, red onions, sprouts, avocado, tomato, and mayo on whole wheat bread. It was served with some really delicious fries; very crispy with a difficult to describe crustiness to it. Trust me, very good. The sandwich had a lot of flavor but you want to eat the pickle that comes with it for sure, to bring it together. I should've asked for mustard to be added but forgot. (Also, I just want to know why California-style food is associated with avocado? I love me some avo but it's not like Californians put it on their steak and in their drinks or something.) Overall, the food was pretty good for the price, the service attentive, and the place busy but still conducive to pleasant conversation. Oh, and free refills on the drink. Hopefully I'll get another chance to eat here before I leave.
4	I really wish that I lived closer to one of the Crackers locations, because their breakfast menu rocks! After a field trip to IKEA with my mom and sister we decided to grab a bite to eat, I knew that Crackers had recently opened nearby, so we stopped by. The inside is very cute, feels like you are in someones country home. The menu has a huge variety of breakfast dishes, sandwiches, salads and soups. On weekends, they serve breakfast all day! I got the Carnitas breakfast skillet, and let me just say, they seriously have some of the best carnitas in town, no joke! The pork was so tender; covered with jack cheese on a bed of potatoes, heaven! My sister got the BLT, and they were not skimpy on the bacon! I have had some of their soups before, and let's just say, the Cream of Spinach & Artichoke is like heaven in a bowl! So rich, and creamy, it is like eating dip without the chips! They are only open until 2:00, but it is great spot to grab a bite to eat for breakfast or lunch!
4	Crackers & Co cafe is good, but every time I go something just isn't quite fulfilling, and I can't put my finger on it. It's not that I don't enjoy the food, or the awesome chili and tortilla soup. I guess each time I go I'm not totally satiated the way I expect to be based on what I read on the menu.Now don't get me wrong, the food is good especially the salad with pears and gorgonzola. The sandwiches are always good too, but like I said I'm always left wanting in a way that eludes me. But then I just order a lemon square and I'm perfectly pleased and all is well!
4	Knocking my review down a star because of my group's experience yesterday. Had another work lunch there. There was about 14 of us total, and the service was pretty sub-par. She had no idea what food went where, drinks were the same. Very few refills. My cup stayed empty of water for more than 10 minutes, I asked for a refill, and it still took another 10 minutes to get one. And then they were out of iced tea...even when they were going to be open for at least another hour and a half. How does that happen??? One girl didn't get her ranch with her meal. She brought it back really quickly, but had already forgotten who asked. She took it to the opposite end of the table. I had the Wednesday special. Chicken Parmesan sandwich on a grilled Italian roll with fries. Sandwich was ok. I actually perfer the same sandwich at Mimi's. The fries were really good! Glad I got those over the salad. My friend was picking out the slimy lettuce from her salad. Thankfully this time we went with one check, as opposed to the split ones from last time. I would have hated to see how she handled that.
3	Great little restaurant not too far from South Mountain. They have everything from traditional fare (eggs and toast) to some fancy pants euro crepes! I just had two eggs over easy with a dry english muffin and their potatoes. I liked that their eggs and potatoes weren't all greasy, and the potatoes had spinach (I think) in them, which was a neat little twist. If in the area it's a good place to go (but probably not worth driving out of your way)
3	3.5 stars, I went to Crackers and debated on whether to get a lunch item or breakfast.  I ended up going with a lunch item. I went with the Roast Beef Avocado Melt. The sandwich was very good and hearty. The side of fries seemed a bit small in portion and little over salted. Prices are resonable for a sandwich and side (soup, fries, salad), 7.99-8.99. The burger options run about the same price.The menu offers lots of options-sandwiches, burgers, salads, half soup/sandwich etc.Breakfast items are served all day, everday which is always a nice thing. I plan on heading back to try the breakfast since many people say this is a good spot for breakfast items.
3	Tried this place a few times and each time I say I'm going to order the french toast but always get lured away but something that involves eggs. Guess it gives me an excuse to go back - I will get that custard battered french toast sooner or later. The food is good. The prices are reasonable. The staff is quick and friendly. You get in and out faster than you would expect when you see the mob hanging around the hostess' stand, but you don't feel rushed to give up your tables. They're in a location that has been several other restaurants before this, so I hope they have the right combination to appeal to a steady breakfast/lunch crowd.BTW, I'd probably give them four stars but their ice tea is lousy. Yuck.
5	Went for breakfast Saturday morning with some friends who were in town for our 20 year HS reunion. I had not been to this location yet, only the other two. I was not disappointed. I really don't think they know how to do a bad meal at this restaurant. I had a spinach mushroom omlette, and it was perfect. Service was attentive and fast as well, even with 6 of us. But then again we were all chatting and catching up, so it didn't matter all that much. :-) It also wasn't very busy when we were there at 8am.  Good morning and GREAT food.
3	I have been to Crackers & Co. several times and the food has been consistently good. Unfortunately the service not so. The skillets, pancakes and French toast where all tasty.  Service, like I said can be good, ok or "what the hell is going on?!" Last time I had my waiters switched and the first one keep taking stuff from our table (silverware, syrup etc) to give to other tables! Then the second one would get pissed. Both of them had an 'I rather be somewhere else" attitudeSo, the food is 4 stars, the service anywhere from 2 to 4.
3	Pretty standard Cracker & Co fare.  If you've been to one then I think you've been to them all.  They don't offer much in the way of imagination but their food is consistent, tasty, and comes out quick.  It's not really worth going to when AZ Bread Co is right down the street but if you are over 80, this might be a place that appeals to you.  It's good...but not anything special.
3	"The Vatican" skillet is yummy.  But the pancakes are to die for...something about 'em, whether it is because they are buttermilk, or whether it is because the syrup is served warm...I dunno.Other than that, this restaurant is pretty similar to a Cracker Barrel and the like.  Good, but I wouldn't go too far out of my way.
3	Ok. Love crackers. Maybe because it's always great comfort food when I"m hungover and ready for a hearty breakfast. I've had a few different items there: Onassis Omlet (very good), and another one hollandaise sauce (a little too rich for the morning, but good nonetheless). I've also tried some lunch items. I had the artichoke spinach soup, not really my favorite. It was too rich and thick - more of a dip than a soup. And I had some sort of chicken sandwich, it was good. But I wouldn't eat it again. I guess I mainly Like this place for their breakfast. It's delicious. My roommates and I crave it on the weekends and they have great specials too.
4	I took my kids to Crackers & Company for breakfast.  We had to wait about 15 minutes to get seated on a Saturday morning.  It was well worth the wait.  The California Benny is really good.  They serve fresh cut fried potatoes, not frozen hash browns like most places.  The kids had pancakes and those were really good also.  Overall, I'd say this is the best breakfast place I've found in this area.  And, we all ate for under $25.
4	Red Velvet Bread Pudding! GO!Divine! It even has a dark chocolate surprise somewhere deep in the bread pudding that i didn't expect, but totally went ape-shit when I found it.The food was good and filling, and lots of variety. I'm a breakfast girl myself and their selection was a-ok, and their portions more than enough.Here's my reason for not giving the place the fifth star:I normally go on a Sunday brunch, the only time I have to enjoy a brunch. Now, I've got nothing against church-going people, but at that time, that's the crowd you get -- grandparents dressed to the nines, their hair perfectly did, smelling like a rose garden on steroids; the kids are wearing one of their best outfits and are itching to take them off; the hungry babies are in full force...and then there's me and my posse, walking in the restaurant with dark glasses and ratty jeans, unshowered, with a hint of morning breath. A little out of place right?I'm going to go ahead and call us a little "edgier" than the Sunday crowd.But...the Red Velvet bread pudding...GO!
4	Sign me up as a fan of Cracker's breakfast, just no so much of their lunch.  I have been here a few times now and breakfast has always been delicious.  Service is quick and friendly enough, the place is clean, and the food comes out quick.  They can get busy on the weekends.The skillets are always good, and the California Benny (with spinach, bacon, avocados, tomatoes) is one of my favorites, and I'm not really an eggs benedict fan.  I've seen others get the breakfast burrito and the pancakes, all looked great and received great reviews.  Once, I got the Heart Scram (trying to be healthy) and it was alright, I just felt like it was missing something.  Cheese, maybe . . . cheese makes everything better, right?The one time I went for lunch I ordered a Roma Tomato Chicken Melt (roma tomatoes, fresh basil, and garlic marinated in balsamic vinegar and olive oil, grilled chicken breast and melted provolone cheese on grilled parmesan sourdough bread).  To be honest, the description sounded way more interesting than the sandwich tasted.  Very plain.For my side I got the chipotle sweet potato soup.  It was pretty good, but on the spicy side (don't get this if you don't like spicy food). As Arnold said, "I'll be back" . . . to Cracker for breakfast.  "Hasta la vista" to the lunch!
1	I don't understand how this place has gotten so many good reviews. The food was awful. I had the Biscuits and Gravy with sides of sausage and toast. The biscuits and gravy had a weird aftertaste, which I think one of the 5 star reviewers describes as "unique". To each his own I guess. I had to drink an entire glass of iced tea to wash it out of my mouth.  The Crackers Country Potatoes were another disaster. The crispy parts were hard as stone, impossibe to eat, and it was almost cold. A plate still full of food should be a concern for any restaurant, but I was given my check with out question.Do yourself a favor and skip this restaurant.
1	I reviewed my bank statement online today and found out they had charged me twice for bad food. I strongly recommend that you skip this restaurant all together. Management is unresponsive to customer concerns.
2	If you order a muffin, it comes out soggy, like it was frozen and microwaved.  Also stay away from the eggs benedict.  Nasty hollandaise sauce, and barely poached egg.  It was like trying to pass of sunny-side-up eggs on english muffins for eggs benedict.  The skillet was good, and I was told that the coffee is decent.
5	OMG.  I can't stop thinking about my meal here.  Went for brunch on a Saturday morning about 10am.  Got a table for 4 right away.  Server was quick to greet us and brought our drinks just as quickly. I ordered the Huevos Rancheros (one of my favorite brunch items), and hands-down, this is the BEST I've ever had.  No kidding.  It's been 3 days and I'm still thinking about it.  The dish consists of beans, tortilla (I went with flour), green chilis, salsa, and 2 eggs (I got mine over easy) and you also get a side of potatoes.  The potatoes weren't mind-blowing, but the rest of the dish certainly was.  I'm not sure what made it so delicious, but it seemed that every little bite was an explosion of flavor in my mouth.Husband got the California Benny which he enjoyed, and our friends got a fruit platter (which looked very fresh) and a blueberry muffin (which was literally bursting with blueberries).  This was their 2nd breakfast of the day so they ate light - what a shame!2 enthusiastic thumbs up for this place, and I can hardly wait to go back.  Of course since I'm going to have to order the Huevos Rancheros each time, I'll have to make hubby try the other menu items.
3	We ate here for breakfast on a Sunday. I had the Denver omelet, which was delicious. However, the environment is really awful here. Aside from the horrible decorations, there are way too many tables and they are very close together. It was extremely hard to carry on conversation due to how loud it was and the sheer lack of privacy from the next table only a few feet away.
4	Stopped in for breakfast after reading the reviews. Very good food. I had the Healthcakes, and I'm no heathfood nut. Very tasty. Great atmosphere too.Well worth a look.
3	Hubby and I stopped here after church for lunch.  Found it only because it was in the same parking lot as Guitar Center.It is a cute little place.  Staff is friendly, food was good.  My ham and swiss had that "fresh" taste that only comes with good lettuce, cheese, and great thin-sliced ham.  Hubby liked his pork sandwich.Only reason it isn't a four-star is he paid $3 for a lemonade that didn't come with free refills, and my regular lemonade didn't either.I am sure we will be back.  Next time we will opt for tea or soda though!
4	I have had breakfast here 2xs in the last month. Each time we had quick service and great food. My husband had a breakfast burrito with Chorizo which he loved. I have to say the best thing is the enormous cinnamon roll. yum-
4	Great food and service! We had the Banana Pecan French Toast and the Vatican Skillet. Go early if you want all the ingredients in your dish.
5	I come here every sunday after church, I love their three musketeers omelet, california benny, country fried steak and anything on the lunch menu...in general this place is awesome, great food, awesome servers. Sometimes service might be slow but only because they have to tend to alot of tables. Oh its cheap too! Btw if you don't want to wait, call ahead and make a reservation! :)
4	On the way back home from our "little" road trip, we spent the night in Phoenix and found this little breakfast spot the next morning.  Considering that the hotel we choose did not have a breakfast, we needed an alternative and this fit the bill nicely.  I can say Crackers is a great little spot for a fulfilling breakfast.Service:  4/5We were seated promptly after arriving at the restaurant.  It was a Friday morning so it was not particularly crowded.  I would say it was about two-thirds full.  On a Saturday or a Sunday, I would imagine it would be a bit more crowded.  Our waitress was fine, although a bit slow when it came to keeping our water glasses full.  My wife and I are not coffee drinkers and so she had water and I had a hot tea.  There was always someone around with a coffee pot, but getting water was a little more tricky.  Other than that, no complaints.Food:  4/5I was trying to eat semi-healthy, so I ordered the oatmeal with a bran muffin.  The muffin was served warm and was excellent.  The oatmeal was a good consistency, something I am a bit picky about.  My wife ordered an omelet and was satisfied with the amount of filling in it.  We also shared an order of crepes.  Now I had never had crepes before so I can't compare them to anything I've had before, but they were good... crispy on the edges with fresh blackberries and whipped cream.  Overall, a satisfying, better than average meal.Overall Impressions:  4/5Crackers is a comfortable looking cafe.  I'm a little biased against restaurants that don't have booths right now as that is the easiest way for my wife and I to sit with our young son.  It's interesting the kinds of things you notice or care about when you have to account for a baby.  But other than that, the atmosphere at Crackers is very nice and hospitable.I would definitely say that Crackers is superior to our usual trip to the Waffle House when we are visiting Phoenix.  I enjoy supporting locally owned and operated restaurants over chains whenever I can.
3	This placed whelmed me.  My meal was tasty and good enough to start my day.  Nothing above or below good enough. I only saw one table drinking coffee around me.  On a cold day, that can only mean your coffee sucks.  So I opted for hot cooca to warm me up.  It tasted like Swiss Miss minus the funky marshmallows.  It warmed me up so it did it's job.I ordered the Belgian waffle sandwich, which is not a sandwich.  It's a waffle with 2 eggs and 2 bacon on the side.  I cannot complain about my bacon or scrambled eggs.  They were tasty.  My Belgian waffle came with strawberries, at a small extra charge.  It was good.  It was a little crispier than I prefer.  I like a soft fluffy waffle and it was only that deep in the center.  It would have been amazing if taken out of the griddle about 30 seconds earlier.  My date ordered the Vatican skillet with biscuits and gravy.  It looked like a pile of potatoes covered by two eggs.  He said there was sausage and some other stuff in there, but I didn't see it.  I took a bite of his biscuits and gravy and the gravy tasted gritty.  Like gravy from a mix or with too much flour tastes gritty.The service was prompt and polite.  The decor was nice.  Looks like a model home inside.  It was cozy and unmemorable... just like when I cook at home, but someone else got the tip.
4	I just discovered this wonderful breakfast and lunch spot, thanks to "Yelp."  Like others of its kind, it features a generous four page menu of breakfast options.  First are the hearty skillets such as the southwest carnitas with tender pork, spicy chorizo, cracker's country potatoes, and shredded cheeses, topped with baha sauce and tomatillo sauce.  Next are  fluffy omelets such as the New Princess - lightly spiced with tender chunks of chicken sauteed with mushrooms, broccoli, bacon, and onions stuffed with cream cheese and topped with creamy hollandaise.  Sensational flavors for breaking the fast!  Prices range from $8.29-8.99.Traditional items include huevos rancheros, and a variety of eggs Benedict.  Your taste buds will be California dreamin' with the California Eggs Benny, a fresh and bold combination. (spinach, bacon, avocados, tomatoes and two large poached eggs topped with hollandaise)Last but not least, pancakes, Belgian waffles, European crepes, and blintzes grace the pages of this indulgent breakfast menu.But the highlight is Cracker and Co.'s homemade desserts.  Wrap your senses around the cinnamon brandied blackberry bread pudding, raspberry chocolate fudge cake, or the Texas kahlua brownie.  Without a doubt, the most divine bread pudding to ever dazzle my senses!As most breakfast and lunch spots, it is only open until 2:30p.  Expect a wait when coming here for brunch on the weekends.
2	I've given this place two tries.  I forgot how "bleh" it was the first time and tried it again.Still bleh."Country Potatoes" are almost without flavor at all.I had the Spicy Mexican skillet the first time.  Fairly tasty, but nothing about it wowed me.I had the Greek omelet this time, and it again failed to stimulate the taste buds.  A little over-done on the outside, and nothing overly tasty about the overall presentation.I left half of it on the plate, along with most of the potatoes.  I can't recommend this place at all.
4	I am a big fan of Crackers and I have eaten here many times. I have visited all of these locations and the best one by far is the location on Greenfield. They have the best patio and indoor look and feel. All the locations do look the same but the feeling you get from the Greenfield location is just somehow different.I have had most of the desserts and you really can't go wrong, they are all really good. The waffles and pancakes are always delicious and why they have another form of pancakes called "healthcakes" I am not sure how healthy they really are! When I asked the server she mentioned little things that might lower the calorie content but nothing major. The chicken enchilada omelet is really good and has a nice spice to it. My only complaint would be that depending on who your server is you might get an attitude if you ask for substitutions beyond the standard cottage cheese or fruit they will offer. (Like asking for sausage instead of toast and potatoes)If you go on a weekend for breakfast be prepared to wait a bit.
3	Just another breakfast place but a little more up scale and classy.It was my first time and I walked in after a workout (after showering and putting on clean clothes) in sweats and a t-shirt and felt a lil under dressed. I sat at their "bar" figuring that'd be a lil easier than a table, plus I could watch Fox News and get in and out quick.Had the Heart Scram, it was pretty good but could've used a lil more egg because the ratio of egg to veggie was heavy veggie. The fruit it came with tasted great, really fresh.Service was okay, talked to her for my drink, order and she checked in once. Someone else brought the food out and she was nowhere to be found once I finished. I sat there a lil over five minutes hanging out (with an empty plate and glass) till the manager walked by and asked if everything was okay, said the food was great and just lookin for my check. He promptly got it and I was on my way.I'd go there again for breakfast, like the classier atmosphere over a Denny's/IHOP. Plus the meal was only a dollar or two more expensive, with fresher ingredients.
1	Went for my first time today. People have recommended this place and I do not see what there is to like.I had the huevos rancheros and the beans were soupy and the only thing that had flavor was the corn tortilla. The potatoes they talk about sound good on the menu but are also flavorless and soggy being partially cooked.Less than half way through my food, I took a bite and CHOMP!, there was a large piece of a ceramic glass dish hidden between the eggs and flavorless beans. I stopped to make sure my teeth were not broken as I crunched the piece into 3 other pieces. Asked for the manager and he came out. Very emotionless, he says he will comp the dish. You bet you are!  There was no apology, it was an "I will take it off your check" and walked away. On our way out, I walked past him again and he didn't say a thing and I do not think he cared anyways. Customer service is VERY IMPORTANT. Without it, you get 1 STAR yelp reviews and breakfast eaters who will not return.
5	We come here every Sundays after church for breakfast!it's one of our favorite breakfast spots ever! It's usually busy that day so I suggest you call and reserve if you don't want to wait.  This place is a cute little cafe, the staff is awesome, the food is great and you get pretty big portions for breakfast for a good price. My all time favorite would have to be the California Benny and my boyfriend always gets the Princess Omelette. My boyfriends dad is in love with their Country fried steak. He said it's better than Cracker Barrel's and I would have to agree on that.  We tried almost everything on their breakfast menu and I can't really think of a dish that I was disappointed in so I say go check this place out!
2	Our  breakfast this past weekend, not so good. super crowded and order was not correct.
2	This place is just ok. I found it on yelp, drove past it many times and never even noticed it. Go figure. Anywho, after reading some of the reviews thought we would give it a try. We're used to brunch in central Phoenix so this place was a little more casual. It was a nice overcast day so we sat outside. When we walked in we were seated fast. The waiter (Heath) was very kind. He was very efficient and quick. For starters we ordered the big cinnamon roll. Um...it was medium sized to me but I'm used to the one they serve at St. Francis. However it was very tasty! They put too much frosting on it but it was easy to wipe off with a fork. Yup the cinnamon roll is a winner! I had the farmers scramble. It was way bigger than I thought it would be, probably because it was 85% potatoes. Don't get me wrong it was good but barley any meat, spinach, mushroom or even eggs. However it was good. I substituted pancakes instead of toast. The pancakes were good. Not amazing, just alright. The honey butter they put on top is a little bonus. My girlfriend got the "Thrill of the grill" sandwich and thinks there was nothing thrilling about this sandwich. She said the bacon was cheap and from my view it looked over cooked. She didn't like it. She did however like the baked potato soup she had on the side. The patio experience was nice, mainly because it was a nice day. The tables were spacious and not crowded together so it was very comfortable. The tables are placed right under trees, which made me a little worried that a bird would top my food off with a little "surprise" but luckily the worst thing that happened was a leaf falling on the table... Whew! Before leaving the waiter asked if we would like coffee to go, I thought that was really nice :-) he definitely squeezed a little more tip from my pocket with that line. (SMH flattery gets you everywhere with me) All in all the place was "OK". I wish I could have had a Mimosa or Bellini with my meal but I'll get over it. The place is close to our dwelling and inexpensive. They have a lot on their menu so I think I'll give this place another chance one day. (When I'm on a budget AND not drinking)
3	excellent breakfast... great bacon sold here!
5	I was really surprised to see that Crackers only has a 3.5 star rating here. I've only been twice, so take it for what it's worth, but both times I had really positive experiences. Crackers uses good portions of great ingredients. I had a steak sandwhich, which had tons of steak, delicious onions and peppers, plenty of cheese, and probably half an avacado. I definitely recommend this plate, but more importantly I think it's indicative of how they prepare food. My girlfriend had some variation of a French Dip- same story.Service was consistent and food was timely. Prices are reasonable, you're going to be out around $10 for a plate of food, drink, and left overs.Unfortunately no booze here.
4	My wife and make this place our weekend breakfast stop. Great breakfast food. Their beakfast skillets are really good and the french toast is great. I havent had great luck witht eh lunch items, so I tend to stay away from those. Not that they are bad, but nothing to rave about. But, if you want a really good breakfast check this place out for sure!
4	Crazy busy on a Sunday morning @10:00, sat at the bar..quick service..both ordered the Calf. Benny,  Next trip the pork carnitas. Waitress recommended the Southwest carnitas which looked awesome.Great place for breakfast/brunch.
5	I had to convince my husband to come here because there was a 25 minute wait...which turned out to really only be about 10 minutes. I have no clue what the bad reviews are about because we left Crackers and Co full and happy and ready to head back for another visit! I had the California Benny. Everything was garden fresh, cooked perfectly, and so good. The California Benny is Eggs Benedict with avocado and fresh spinach and so very good. I could have easily shared this plate with someone else. I was too full from just one of them (two come) that I didn't even have room left to eat those yummy potatoes! My husband had the carnitas with chorizo and potato egg scramble. I think if we had been alone he would have licked the plate. There was no room left in our bellies to try the desserts but they all looked wonderful!
2	Greeter at the door was just indifferent, not much personality.  Our waitress was very nice, and she is the reason for a two star, not a one.  Food was not good.  French toast on stale bread.  Just didnt sit right.I wont be back.
5	Crackers is our favorite local spot for breakfast.  There is usually a wait on the weekends but well worth it and they tend to over quote the wait time and seat you sooner. To start, they have delicious coffee which is always a nice way to start the morning. My favorite dish is the California benedict with avocado, spinach and bacon. The ingredients are fresh and theprtion sizes are hearty. I've also tried other dishes such as the cinnamon roll French toast and crepes which were also yummy. I haven't tried their lunch yet but am excited to!
5	Who doesn't love Crackers!?!?! This place is great. Service is top notch, even when it's busy they are very organized. Only open for breakfast and lunch but they do both INCREDIBLY well. They have a very different menu than most places and they do it very well. I would try this place for breakfast first but if you can't make it, lunch is just fine and I believe you can get everything on the menu all day anyway.-Ethan
5	I was really looking forward to eating here this morning when I got to the restaurant and found that everything was super clean and nice looking. I had been drinking all night and it was time for some breakfast. They had a great selection of hot tea. The people in my party got quite a few things and everything came in heaping portions. The French toast is the super thick kind and very fluffy. They also proved that they can really cook eggs well. They also brought lots of coffee and hot water for all of us.I also go their chicken tortilla soup and it was AMAZING.The service was super fantastic! I will definitely come here again. :)
5	If you're looking for an awesome breakfast experience in the Phoenix area, Crackers is a solid choice.Crackers has an extensive menu of both breakfast and lunch items. I can only speak for the breakfast portion of the menu, as that's all I've ever had. The breakfast options at Crackers are plentiful and unique. They have awesome skillets, omelets, pancakes, and waffles. My favorite items are the Southwest Carnitas skillet, the Meat Lovers omelet, and the Belgian Waffle Sandwich.Awesome menu, great tasting food, and plentiful portions, gives Crackers five stars.
5	From all the great reviews we decided to try this place out.  WOW we thoroughly enjoyed it.  Very clean and welcoming from the moment you walk in til you leave.  The staff (Melissa) was very accommodating  and I loved the honesty when we asked for a bowl of clam chowder at 7 oclock in morning.  She politely informed me that it usually wasn't ready until 10am, so the only way to get me the chowder would be to heat it up in the microwave.  I really appreciated the honesty and the choice.We tried out the Blintz's -wow they were outstanding... and the french toast- also good and large portion. The bacon was a little too cooked for me but the sausage was large and juicy.I would highly recommend this place to anyoneLoved that the manager (I believe his name was Scott) came by a few times just to make sure we were enjoying our time and food.  Its nice to see that there are still places out there that put customer service as a priorityGood work guys at Crackers
5	Decided to go to this restaurant again and try out the middle of the week.  I went alone.  I was seated promptly and my waitress was right up asking if I wanted anything to drink.  Let's see if I can drive them a little nuts today with small demands.  They don't have iced coffee but the waitress was very accommodating and brought me two glasses of ice and the coffee pitcher, plus an extra glass of water which without realizing I had needed that quick drink so bad, I ended up grabbing the water first and slamming it down.  Issues with living in Arizona summers.  Within minutes this restaurant became extremely busy.  I then met up with the manager again.  I expressed my disappointment in the lack of mocha for my coffee and he disappeared into the back bringing me a small side cup of chocolate.  Wow, I love how they take care of my wants.  I tried a cup of chili.   I truly enjoyed the flavor and texture of this soup.  Unfortunately I was already becoming full as my actual main dish came to me.I ordered the Sirloin Steak Benny, with a side of their baja sauce.  As I cut the Benny I was happy to see the egg cooked to perfection and the yolk slowly draped over the pile of steak.  I wasn't as impressed with the steak.  I found it bland and sort of tough to eat.  Not that the steak, itself, was bad. Just didn't seem to work together well, in my opinion.  I think if they used pieces of real crab this dish would be amazing.   I enjoyed the potatoes as they were sliced and made it very easy to cut and eat.  The baja sauce is very creamy with a flavor of jalapeno which I enjoyed.  It was so nice of them to allow me to get a big carryout cup so that I could continue to enjoy my coffee as I continued my day. Thanks Colleen and Scott. Once again Cracker's ...... "I'm LOVING IT!!!"
3	I'd like to give this place more than 3 stars because the food is pretty good, but the uncleanliness of the restaurant prevents me from doing so. There was a significant amount of food under the table next to mine that no one bothered to clean up when the table was turned over, and there was hair all over the counter in the women's restroom. If that's how clean they keep the areas of the restaurant that the customers use and see, how clean do they keep the kitchen?
5	I am beginning to think that I wont find anything to complain about for this restaurant.  This is definitely a place I would bring out of town guests to prove Arizona food is off the charts!My waitress was Taylor, a very friendly young lady with a warm smile.  She appeased me with my iced coffee mix of cups of ice and coffee.  I have been trying for weeks to taste the clam chowder here.  Finally, I got my wish.  Very nice flavor and a creamy texture.  Even though I am a HUGE fan of clam chowder, I must claim my love for their chili is deeper, sorry Mr. Chowder.I ordered their Southwest Carnitas Plate.  OMG, if love is found in a man's stomach...cracker's will you marry me?  I dissected the plate.  Wanting to gain the experience of each individual item. can you say "Y-U-M-M-M-M-Y"?  The chorizo was great, nice flavor.  it was that pork that I found very drawn to.  Beautifully cooked and seasoned.  Very moist!You just have to try it!!!!  On second thought...NO, don't try it because I dont want them running out of this item due to its popularity. I am just glad they dont advertise.....Thanks Taylor and as usual Scott (does he live in the back room?)
4	Fantastic breakfast! Service was top notch, atmosphere was excellent - inside and outside dining. Prices were good - except for coffee. Nearly $3/person for bottomless cup - where I'm from it's less than $1.
4	Really like the chicken tortilla soup AND love, love  the poblano pork carnitas melt. As for the restaurant, I feel like I it is a chain diner. Split the sandwich and enjoy a bowl!!
3	This place was just okay for me. I would come back, but only if I were in the area. We live about 15 miles away. The service was not that great, it took a while to get drink refills and the waitress never stopped by after our food way sent out to ask how it was or if we needed anyhting. I ordered the california eggs benidict. This was good. The avocados were quite stringy and the eggs were not cooked all the way. (Not a fan of that). Other than that 1 complaint the meal was just okay to me. I would rather stay closer to home.
4	Great breakfasts with large portion sizes.  Their skillets and French toast are some of my favorites.  Service is fast and friendly.
3	I personally love the other crackers so much more. I think it's the better customer service I'm never really impressed with the services here. It's either okay or a little below expectation something always happens when I come here. Something is forgotten or the wait is ridiculous just for the check to be picked up to be paid for or something. I can never tell you because it always changes.  Food wise...good. this last visit the French toast was NOT as amazing as it usually is. So kind of bummed about that. And my skillet I must have ordered the wrong thing because I usually just get the skillet with carnitas eggs and potatoes this time their was chorizo in it so it made my potatoes soggy:(  those things are another reason for dropped stars and also because I dont care for Chorizo and all its oils. For food and service to be off is unusual. But it happened so i always remember if you want the best you have to go to the best and this place is not it. Go to the one in mesa behind Home depot and beside Holiday Inn!
2	How disappointing!  I was attracted to this cafe as I love all things egg and there was nothing else open Sunday on Elliot Rd., Tempe at that time of day.  In hindsight I can say, no wonder it was so busy.  Busy does not always mean good.My husband loves steak so I suggested he order the Top Sirloin Steak Benny.  My husband wanted his steak cooked medium but it came to the table literally "bloody" and the blood contaminated the muffins, egg, etc.  Yuck.They offered to recook the steak and we noticed then how sinewy and gristly the steak really was.  It was an inferior cut of meat and only a little better.The side of country potatoes were cooked in some type of lard rather than vegetable oil as they were really greasy and very bland.The bill says we ordered a dish called Traditional yet the price is for the Top Sirloin Steak Benny.  I don't like things misleading.As to the coffee, it was really weak yet it's $2.69.The diner to the left of me left half her Spicy Mexican Breakfast on the table.  Me, at first not so hungry chose not to eat there after seeing my husband's order.  I left a comment about the "bloody" steak on the credit receipt and they never reciprocated.  Guess they think they're OK.And guess where we won't be going again!
4	Solid choice for breakfast.  Wasn't outstanding, but definitely better than average.
4	Went to Crackers and Co for the first time, the atmosphere was great and the waiters were efficient and friendly. They were PACKED but we were seated quickly and we were served quickly too. Honestly it's nothing extraordinary but the food was good and so was the service. I had the cinnamon french toast which was pretty predictable and tasty and their coffee is good too. This isn't somewhere I would take someone to WOW them but if you're looking for somewhere you can order quickly and you get exactly what you're expecting, this is the place.
4	Been back since my last review and order something different. I was a super fan this time. It was one of there Spanish/Maxican breakfast plates. It was really good. I had a friend tell me once that the Mexican breakfast dishes were not good, I guess that it depends on you and eater. I would return and order this same breakfast again.
4	I went with a friend who told me I was going to love my experience. AND I did. I can't wait to go back and try something else on the menu. The service was exceptional and everything looked so good. The restaurant was very clean. I highly recommend you try this place. I live in north Phoenix and will make the trek to eat at this excellent restaurant.
5	Breakfast was awesome!  Some really unique items on the menu.  I had the pork carnitas breakfast skillet.Every part of the skillet was executed perfectly - from the fresh potatoes on bottom to the super tender, moist pork and green sauce all the way to the eggs on top.I'm only in town for a few days but plan to hit Crackers up again before I leave town for sure!
5	Alright we are going to say that this place is Awesome!  The service is outstanding and the food wonderful!    We came here for Breakfast on Sunday Morning .             They were very busy ,but, we did not have to wait too long at all.                                    Our server Colleen was great!   She greeted us right away and  brought our drinks very quickly.   The food was very good and just love their Potatoes.  The menu is fantastic! Lots to choose from. We like the decor and lots of parking in the lot. Nice Place and we will be back!
5	We came here Sunday morning for a wonderful breakfast. Our server was Colleen. She was very attentive and we had  a great meal. The menu is so extensive with many ,many options. I got Florentine Eggs Benedict and my boyfriend had a fabulous omelet with potatoes and toast. They were both delish!     Their Potatoes are fab!!   The Decor was very nice, and even though they were so busy,we did not wait long at all for our table.  Big parking lot and a nice waiting area as well. We will defiantly come back here soon.
3	My sisters and i do quarterly brunches and for the past 4 times, we've come to Crackers & Co.  We like it's central location, the fact that it's locally owned (an old coworkers family owns it) and that their ingredients seem fresher and not Denny's-like at all.The ambiance is good for a couple eating breakfast/brunch/lunch or a whole gang of gals (like us).  The tables have good enough spacing so that when my loud-ass sisters and I get together there, we aren't completely annoying those around us (yah, and we do get loud, I tell ya!).  Their staff has always been attentive and we've always tipped well because we know we are plenty to deal with.I do wish that they were more consistent with their breakfast fare.  I have always ordered a variation on the standard Eggs Benny (one of my faves!) and they always seem to come out different each time I've ordered them here.  The muffin isn't toasty and is instead soggy or is super toasted; the hollandaise is tangy or it's super tangy; the potatoes are crispy or they're soggy... it's a gamble if I'm going to enjoy my food or find something off about it.Sadly, because of the inconsistent food product, my sisters all voted this upcoming quarterly brunch to find a new place to replace C&C.... so, now I'm on the hunt for a comfortable, locally owned, affordable, filling breakfast that can put up with 11 women.. yeah, good luck, right?
4	I liked the big parking lot, decor, and space in the dining area.  We had a party of 10 and they took reservations.  Plus plus plus plus!!!  We were seated swiftly and our server came over immediately to take our drink orders.  She was back right away with our drinks.  We had to wait for some of the others in our party to show up.  After waiting 10 mins, we were noitifed that the others were not showing up.  BOO. We got the server's attention and she came over to take our order.  I ordered the meat lover omlette.  The eggs were a little too done but tasty flavor.  The potatoes were good too.  The service was excellent!!!  Never an empty cup and she bought an extra plate without us asking for the kids.  She even offered togo ice teas for us.  WHOA.
4	Great breakfast.  Had the "new princess omelette" and it brought tears to my eyes.  Saturday morning service was a tad slow, but that was expected.
3	Had a great breakfast here one Saturday morning. Had an excellent omelette and another in my group tried the pancakes. I tasted them and thought them to be great too. The service was efficient and courteous despite the place being very busy that morning. I would definitely recommend this place for a nice classic breakfast.
5	Crackers & Co Cafe is as good as it gets for breakfast and lunch. We go as often as we can, and we have been eating here since this location opened about 4 years ago (and eating at the other locations for at least the past 20 years). My husband always has has all-time favorite baked potato soup with all the fixings and Bird to the Wise -- a turkey and bacon sandwich on a really yummy croissant. I'm more adventurous and have probably had everything on the menu except for eggs Benedict - only because I don't like hollandaise sauce. I can honestly say that I have never had anything that I didn't like here at C&C. All the sandwiches come with homemade soups, and the salads are to-die-for and huge. Once in a while the soups have been a little inconsistent, but if you tell them about it, they fix it. You can't beat a restaurant that is always willing to fix whatever they can fix. I haven't noticed any inconsistencies in at least the past year. My daughter eats from the kids' menu. Of course she always wants the chocolate chip or Mickey Mouse pancakes, which she adores, but I usually try to talk her into some scrambled eggs for protein instead of having a carb-filled meal. She has loved everything she's ever had from the kids menu. She is a picky eater, so this says a lot.We have had many of their desserts -- and they are yummy. Their signature dessert is the Brandied-Cinnamon Bread Pudding. It's devine. It's so hard not to order a homemade dessert here. And usually when we bring guests, we always splurge and get some kind of dessert.Like I said above, C&C is as good as it gets for food, service and ambiance.
4	Benny florentine was great!! Great mix of flavors.  Atmosphere was nice
4	I eat here regularly as it is near the office and everyone in the group can find something they like.  They always serve breakfast, which always look good.  I usually have a salad, I especially like the Chipolte Chicken salad, it has spinach.  The service is usually good, today it was a bit slow.  Mixed reviews from my peers on the Cream of Spinach and Artichoke soup, a bit thick, more like a dip.  My friend loved her vegi sandwich today.
5	OMG. Best California Benedict ever!  One of the best breakfasts I have ever had. I wish we had this place on Denver!!!  Great service, spacious dining area, excellent menu.
4	Very good service and food!
5	don't be put off by the location in an ugly industrial park.  inside the restaurant is very nice and we really enjoyed the food.i had one of the skillets and it was quite tasty.  i would definitely come back, and recommend it to anyone looking for breakfast in northeast phoenix area.
5	Went there as an out-of-towner and really enjoyed my breakfast. I had the pork carnitas skillet and it was delicious. After being disappointed with the carnitas at an actual Mexican restaurant, I was quite impressed with that skillet. I also took the recommendation with regard to the fresh baked raisin toast, and that also held up to the recommendations listed here. I tried a bit of the bran muffin and that too was to die for. I cant think of anything negative to say about anything during our visit. We even had a little laugh at the check that says "crakers copy" at the bottom. I'd definitely return and recommend this place to anyone for a delicious breakfast.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by Crackers!To drive by this place you'd never know what to expect inside. The exterior is rather nondescript, but once you step indoors you'll find that the decor has been updated since the facility was originally built. Albeit a bit dim inside, plus it's a bit strange to see the bar in one corner of the dining room, it makes for pleasant breakfast environment.The service was polite and prompt and that California Eggs Benny (pictured) we're quite colorful, tasty and, I like to believe (due to the spinach,) healthy. I would definitely consider visiting this restaurant again.My only criticisms are minor. The restroom was clean and neat although beginning to show its age due to outdated decor. I also didn't care much for the plastic tablecloths. I prefer solid (unprinted) cloth or no tablecloth at all. These, of course, are purely aesthetic and not major detractors.  Free WiFi would be nice for those of us who like to catch up on morning news via our smartphones.Got a large family to feed for breakfast? Crackers maybe the place for you.
4	Great place and great food.  There were 11 of us and the service was fast.   Worth a trip for breakfast
4	The portions served here are obscenely huge. I have been here before for lunch, but mainly this has been a breakfast option. Try their huevos rancheros, which is very good but more on the mild-spicy side, or the cinnamon swirl French toast. They also often serve daily specials that are not on the regular menu, and I recall once ordering a fruit-topped French toast here that was simply delicious. When ordering an omelet, my choice usually has been the country garden, and it is really filling. They do have Cholula Mexican hot sauce available, which makes me happy, as many places just serve Tabasco. When I say that the portion size is remarkably large, I mean it. There have been times when I have joined family here for breakfast, and three of us opted to share one of their French toast plates. Trust me, it can be done, and quite comfortably.
3	The 1st few visits were great. It became my favorite place for breakfast. However the service started going down in my opinion. One visit,mine waitress lost my debit card. After looking for it for approx 20 minutes, the manager came to our table and explained they couldn't find my card. After leaving and arriving home in Chandler, they called and said my card was found. It was very frustrating and a waste of part of my day for the inconvience of all the waiting and driving. Then the next visit there was a hair in my food. For now, returning to here is on hold.
5	Any place that serves breakfast past "breakfast time" gets an immediate gold star from me. That being said, one of my favorite breakfast meals is eggs benedict. Imagine my happiness when going there today for the first time to find they had like 4 or 5 different variations of the traditional Benedict. I chose the Eggs Benny Florentine - english muffin topped with sauteed spinach, grilled tomato slices, grilled turkey, poached eggs and a delicious baja sauce. Mmmmm soooo good. I saw about 20 other things on the menu that I would have loved, but this was a real winner. I will definitely be back here again.
4	Visited 8/5/12..This is worth it.  Have been here twice. Each time breakfast was great. Worth the price. Have had omelets, and pancakes, both times good. They also have a chicken enchilada skillet for a special which was great.  Going to try the chicken enchilada omelet next time.
5	I can't believe this place has slipped away from my reviewing it!  I get the same thing every time.  The carnitas skillet with pancakes on the side and man is it delicious!  Best breakfast in the East Valley.
3	Breakfast was ok. I've had better like Biscuits down the road.
4	Crackers and Co is pretty fantastic. My husband loves the Meat Lover's Omelet, and I always get the California Eggs Benny- yum! The coffee is tasty, and the servers are fast and friendly. I usually enjoy their potatoes that come on the side, but on a few occasions they have been a bit mushy and undercooked for my taste.This location tends to be a bit busier than their other ones, but even when there is a wait, it's usually not too long.I'm going to keep coming back here, it's one of my favorite breakfast spots.
3	This is in an industrial park behind a home depot. This place is pretty Large, they have a lot of seats. Breakfast is pretty good and lunch is Better. Food is "Gourmet Denny's" its pretty good but basic. Also Cheap and good service
5	I probably would've given this a 4.5, if I could've..but not because of the service, or the food--both of those are amazing (especially the skillets)...  The prices might be a little higher than some surrounding restaurants, but they're still pretty decent for what you get.  The ambience leaves a bit to be desired--the tables are a bit cheap and the restaurant has an industrial feel to it.  But the service and food are BOTH 5-star!
3	I went here for my birthday breakfast a few months ago since I took the day off of work and wanted to try someplace new. It wasn't too busy on a Wednesday morning. We were seated once we were ready and I decided on the chicken enchilada omelette and a strawberry lemonade, and my friend got another omelette. Mine was pretty good, though the baja sauce that they top it with was overwhelming. Next time, I'd probably get it on the side or without altogether. The service was good and I certainly wouldn't rule it out for another visit.
5	We went in on a Sunday morning and the place was PACKED.  We didn't need to wait to long though (went over to the guitar store for a bit).  We were seated pretty promptly and ordered eggs Benedict and my boyfriend got biscuits and gravy.  The food was really tasty and the service was quick!  I would definitely come back here for the great breakfast and nice service.
4	Awesome place to grab breakfast and lunch in Tempe. There lots of space inside and a good sized patio as well. The menu consists of the usual breakfast items and lunch items. My gf tried the eggs benedict with side of pancakes and I ordered the turkey with avocado sandwich. My sandwich was stacked with meat and large slices of avocado but didnt fall apart when I tried to eat it. The eggs benedict and pancakes were both excellent with good sized portions.  We'll have to come back next time and enjoy the patio!
5	I come here too often to write a unbiased review :)  It is good food, great service (80 percent of the time) and just a great place to bring friends, family, and out of town folks to.  I believe they would prefer the originality and creativity of the creations found here over a bunch of other chain breakfast places.  Especially their omelette creations, which can go anywhere from a classic denver omelette to the new princess.Also check out their lunch sandwiches and burgers.  I had their chicken tortilla soup, and it was good.  I hear good things about their burgers too :)if you got a sweet tooth, check out their bread pudding for dessert.  its moist and warm, and just so very tasty.Read the other great reviews for more details, i need to focus on my food now.
4	SO DELICIOUS! This place has yummy breakfast. Its the first place in Arizona where I found good Eggs Benedict. Its a nice and quiet place for a late brunch. My husband had the country fried steak and eggs that he loved. The potatoes that come with your meal were excellent. I'll be going back. The reasoning for the 4 stars is that we sat and waited for along time for our drink order to be taken. The waitress the whole time was behind the bar counter talking to another waiter about some girl problem he was having. See thats how quiet it is in there I heard their whole conversation.
4	Crackers and Co is a cool sit-down place.  My MBA group has class off of 101 and Elliot.  There isn't too much healthy choices, and we had a suggestion to go to crackers.  We had to be back in 1 hour, and the service did a beautiful job getting everything out fast like Pronto service at Olive Garden.Everyone in my table had everything from sandwiches, gourmet burgers, and salads.  All my teammates enjoyed our meal.  We ended up naming our team name after Crackers.  Crackers will forever have an etched part of my memory!
5	This place is great for a good breakfast. The potatoes are amazing! There is a variety for everyone from skillets to crepes, to eggs and French toast.
3	I like the selection of food as well as the southwestern style skillets,  but the service was pretty bad. I know we had a group, but the waiters needed to step their game up.
5	Cracker's is the breakfast spot to visit.  Not only is the food amazing but the customer service sets it far above the competition.
5	Great service and delicious food. They have a nice patio as well. I loved it! Try the oatmeal.
5	Amazing! Cali eggs benny was yummy! Stop in and give it a try! Carnitas was Delish too:)
5	They have the best food ever. No lie....I love this place. Amazing breakfast and brunch. Awesome Fajita in a Pita, Grilled Chicken Sandwich, and Chicken Tortilla Soup! You will not be unsatisfied with anything hear.
3	Tried the Egg Nog French Toast it was okay. The coffee was good and the portion size of the meal was just right. The restaurant had a comfortable feel and the staff was friendly. There was a funny odor that I caught a whiff of occasionally I think it was coming from the bathroom. I think the restaurant in Mesa is better.
4	Stopped by for lunch with a couple of co-workers coming back from a meeting.  Were seating almost immediately as we entered the restaurant, and our waitress took our drink order just as quickly.She returned with our drinks and took our order.  I ordered off the January Specials menu and selected the Laoded Chili Potato Skillet.  This also included two eggs (I had them over hard), and toast (rye toast for me).The food came out quickly and was hot and delicious.  While this was not my first time here, I always attempted to try something different from the menu.  I have never been disappointed.
2	Jesus H Christ Cracker and Co...My last visit to your 'tukee establishment was a year or so ago and I was served DERISHOUS pankcakes, some mediocre bacon (still Nom'd it)  and some down right gnarly coffee.  Your service blew goats, but you were standing room only.  Overall I'd have given you 3.5 stars, cause I didn't hoark up my chow.   I return a year later-ish, on a lark (what a great fucking word; lark) and order eggs benny, my absolute fav.  This is the ultimate litmus test for any breakfast place IMO.  Simpy, I put my heart in your mouth C&C... your mouth.  (I have massive trust issues).So....I'd never tasted yellow ketchup 'till I had  me some Eggs Benny ala Crackers (hollan-NOT), but my REAL beef was with the  "pork product" stand-in (double meat entendre!).  Instead of using my beloved hoser-ham as your default, this butchered benny was garnished with  leftover meat cylinders from a 'lunchable'.  How dare you sir; how. dare. you.  Did I eat the dish?  Ashamedly so, I settled for this monstrosity, like a frat boy at last call.  Did I feel like purging afterwards? Well, no, but I did feel like I was leaving a coyote ugly soiree at 6 am.  With 'bad breakfast hair' if you get my meaning.     Your service once again blew [insert farm animal of choice].  Server was nice and obviously overloaded, wasn't his fault the food was so 'Five Guys'.  And for fuck's sake, please stop charging 2.98$ for a small glass of milk - shit ain't gasoline guys.
1	VERY DISAPPOINTING. Waited for 15-20 minutes for a table despite empty tables everywhere. Order was taken and 40 minutes later they brought out our food and BOTH orders were WRONG. Sad.
4	I remember the first time that I tried Crackers Cafe. I had seen it in the shopping center across the street from where I live and was not sure what kind of place it was. I admit I thought it was just another local business that would be gone within the year. But it remained. It took me awhile to realize it was just a breakfast and lunch place. I thought either no one was ever there or they had closed. Then when I finally drove by when they were open I noticed they were packed and from then on I noticed when they were open they seemed to be jumping. Then I heard some people talking about how good it was so I thought time to try this place out. I was blown away. So good. The second and third time I went there still blown away. I took friends there and they were blown away too. I tried a lot of different things on the menu and they were all great. I liked the fact that they had like 5 different Eggs Benny dishes and they were all different. Who doesn't like variety. I didn't even know there were more than a few ways to make Eggs Benny.So I continued to talk it up to everyone. It went down as one of my favorite breakfast places and it was local so that was even better. When I joined Yelp last month I thought I have to go to my favorite breakfast place so I can write a review. I didn't just want to write a review from past experience I wanted to write one based on an experience I had just had. So I had some things to do last Saturday morning and after those tasks were completed I headed over for a mid morning breakfast.Now here comes the giant BUT. If you hadn't seen it coming down the street with all this build up how could you miss it. I so wanted to give this place, my favorite place for breakfast, 5 stars. I had anticipated giving it 5 stars BUT after going there this time I just can't.When I got there they were busy as usual but there were not a lot of people waiting which was a good sign. I asked for a table for 2 and they said it would be about 15 minutes. Now I could see a few empty tables but thought they must have their reasons. While we were waiting I asked to check out a menu. See what I wanted and help pass the time. First thing I noticed was that they upgraded their menus. Nice and new with graphics looked really sharp. Ok cool they put some money back into the place and got some new menus printed up. Good for them. Then I noticed that they had changed the menu. Eek. What was going on. They went from having 5 Eggs Bennies to only 3 now and a few other things were missing. Ok. Deep breath. Other signature things were still there. Maybe they just trimmed out the things that were not selling as well. We were seated after a few minutes. Waiter came over and was very nice as usual. Ordered our food and it came out pretty quick. My mother is very picky about how her eggs are cooked but they came out perfect and I got the French Toast which was amazing as usual. Our waiter checked on us but then disappeared for the rest of the meal. No refills. No other checks. Nothing. Really? Not even water refills? Come on. Some places will refill your water or soda before you are even done with it. But both my water and Coke were gone long before I finished eating and empty they sat. Then when we were both done eating and our plates were completely bare of any food he finally comes back and asks if we need any take home boxes. No I think we finished all our food there buddy. He did finally bring over a Coke refill for me but that was when we were handing him the credit card to pay.Now I will so go back. I will give them the benefit of the doubt that maybe they were having an off day. No one is perfect all the time. Maybe we had a bad waiter. But I was put off that they changed their menu and almost seemed to be going a little corporate. Step up the service guys and if it isn't broke stop messing with it. I have no problem with change but please don't change for the worse. I hope this isn't the beginning of the end of my favorite breakfast place.
5	What can I say?! Crackers is by far our favorite place for breakfast. We have been here a couple dozen times and we've never left disappointed. Wonderful service, fantastic food, and a comfortable and cozy atmosphere. The skillets are flavorful, the egg benedicts are perfectly cooked, and if you're craving something sweet try one of their french toast breakfasts. It doesn't get any better than this! I wish I could give it 10 stars!!
5	I'm usually not one to drive 35 minutes for brunch, or even to Tempe at all, but this place was well worth it. BEST french toast I've ever had. My friends also got the biscuits and gravy, crepes and eggs. The benedict sauce wasn't my favorite. Our server was nice, ditzy but nice, but the food came out fast and everything was amazing. I will definitely be back.
3	I was too busy to leave the office one day so I had my co-workers grab me a sandwich, any sandwich.  What I received was a delicious steak sandwich that was like no other I had ever tried.  Pretty much the best sandwich I've ever had - juicy strips of steak, grilled onions and peppers topped with fine cheese.  So yum.  I've been back three times to get this sandwich and it was never as good as it was that first time.  The last one was total crap actually.  So thirty dollars later, I gave up on this place and my quest for that perfect steak sandwich.
3	This place is nothing to write home about but it's a convenient & clean place for a basic breakfast.  I've tried various lunch items, too, and always come back to the same feeling about Crackers - it'll do but nothing really stands out.  I will say that if you are an Eggs Benedict lover I can't say I recommend it here.
4	Great breakfast spot.  I prefer the other location on Ironwood, as the acoustics kinda suck here and it gets noisy.  But same good grub.  Portions are generous, prices reasonable, service friendly.
4	Had a great experience with this restaurant. Just started working nearby and this will now be a local spot for lunch. First impression was great.  Waitress, restaurant manager were some of the most professional I've seen in a while. Unfortunately, the patio had recently been sprayed for pest control and given that we were the closest table to the patio we did find an insect crawling on the table. However, the manager came out, explained, apologized and made things right for us. This will definitely be a restaurant to come back to!
5	My sisters, my mom, and myself stopped in on a whim for lunch one day and were blown away by not only the food but the service.  It is simple food such as sandwiches and soups, but they make you want to try every item on their menu.  We ended up bringing my dad back the next day to try breakfast because our lunch was so good.  We also went back another day for lunch with the whole family again (6 of us), so not exactly a small party.  We had a different server each time and each one was as good as the last.  One even had another employee run and buy grenadine for a drink my dad ordered.  Even when we modified orders to our liking or added soups and whatnot, they were always willing to accommodate.  It is well worth stopping in and the employees earned their tips with the above and beyond service they provided.  I am looking forward to visiting AZ again and heading to Crackers for breakfast and lunch!
4	Been here maybe six or seven times since it's been here.  Rather tasty so I don't want to spoil a good thing.I've had breakfast and lunch items from the menu and so far it's all been rather tasty.Update 5 12 13Server Mike, the muffin does have raisins, and it shouldn't take longer than a couple minutes for you to bring it to the table.I guess you got a bad start when you decided to take the order from the table that was seated well after we had been seated.Hoping it improves.The NW corner table booth has the ac directed right on it.  Might be good to know during hot summer days.
5	OMG -- on Sunday 8/4/13 Crackers & Co Cafe in Tempe's Soup de Jour was the BEST Tomato Basil with Sausage soup I've ever had in my life. YUM, YUM. It was so delicious that I had to get a bowl of soup to go. I just finished the to-go soup tonight for dinner and I'm in heaven all over again. Wow - they really need to put this gem on the menu as a standard. Thanks again for an excellent meal. I ordered the 1/2 sandwich (chicken salad on 9 grain) with the soup, which turned out to be an outstanding combination. I had forgotten how good their chicken salad sandwiches are as well. My 8 year old daughter didn't want anything from the kids menu, so we ordered her a plain, grilled chicken breast on a grilled bun. She was also in heaven. She actually said to me, "Mommy, this is the best chicken I've ever tasted!" LOL.
5	the best and the best service.
5	this deserves stars the owners and food are great,especially their bread pudding.amazing place.
2	Came here for lunch.Nice looking place inside.  Has a lot of tables, some with bench seating and seating at a bar.  Although I don't think they serve alchohol here.The service was excellent.The menu has a very good selection of items to choose from.  This place appears to only serve breakfast and lunch.I had the soup and sandwich special.  The soup was probably home-made vs. soup-in-a-bag like some other franchises.  Chicken tortilla. I ate it all but it wasn't that good - the chicken in it had large pieces but it was really tough and didn't taste great - the stock was ok otherwise.  I'm sure some experienced chef could tell what the fail was.The sandwich was pretty ordinary and bland.  Roast beef and provolone. Hey, when a person gets used to eating fresh baked bread sandwiches with carefully architected ingredients, it kind of hard to enjoy bread from a bag sandwiches with plain ingredients.  Some serious flavor missing.Bottom line, you can make tastier sandwiches at home, and the meat in the soup ruined the soup - and if it's chicken that tastes tough, you got to wonder.Seriously plain for what I ordered.  Can't speak for the other items.
4	I really like this place - pleasant atmosphere, food is fresh and tasty.  Have mostly had breakfast items but did get a soup and 1/2 sandwich one day.  Their spinach and artichoke soup is to die for.  I took 2 servings of the berry bread pudding home once and it was absolutely beyond compare.  Unfortunately, the other times I have been there, I was not going "right" home so I skipped it. My only complaint is why charge me $2.69 for a soda when you are only charging me $8.49 for a large platter of eggs Benedict with home fries.  Yes, I know I can have refills but a) I didn't b) I could have gotten a refill and it could not have cost you more than $0.70.  Just seems way out of line to me.  Actually, looking at the menu, all the beverage places are out of line. I don't mind paying good prices for good food and I probably would not have noticed an extra $1.50 for the eggs Benedict.  Just food for thought.
5	A friend and myself  were in the area and thought we would try Crackers & Co Cafe. It was not a corporate chain that we knew of and we are all about supporting the local businesses and community. When we walked in, we were greeted immediately by a friend hostess and two workers that were standing at the hostess stand. We were sat immediately (we beat the morning rush) and were greeting almost immediately by a very friendly server by the name of Melissa. I had the Southwest Chorizo Carnitas and my friend had the California Eggs Benedict with steak (the steak was an extra charge). Both were amazing, had great flavor, presentation, and hearty portions. The prices are just a tad pricey. Just under $10 for most breakfast items. Even though the portions are nice, I feel that breakfast should not be quite that much. If the items were about $2 less it would have been perfect. The food and service were above par so I am not going to deduct for pricing. Everything was great from beginning to end and it felt great supporting a local business. If you are wondering where to have your next breakfast, try Crackers & Co Cafe. You won't be disappointed. Happy Eating!
5	This place is absolutely AMAZING! I haven't been able to find many places with eggs Benedict and I found many different kinds here and it was amazing. I will for sure be going back there. I recommend this place because the food and service was pretty fantastic and thinking about it makes me want some now :)
5	My Sig and I had a fantastic breakfast here! I should have taken pictures but by the time it was considered the plates were clean! Good sign there. We were greeted and seated very quickly ( we just beat the morning rush by about 10 minutes. ) Server was extremely helpful happy and attentive! I have to say All the staff we encountered here were "Bang On!!I am not the Morning Breakfast type but I liked the looks of the Huevos Rancheros Pork Carnitas, which was very pleasing to the eye and the flavors were very good. i was a very happy camper! My hubby had the Special  Southwest Eggs Benedict but this one had the Hand Dipped Chicken fried steak, biscuits and gravy, poached eggs and a wonderful poblano pepper! Again, great presentation. Thank goodness he shared a bite with me.  We will be back!
4	I was quite proud that I starved myself three entire meals before heading here for brunch. It was a friend's birthday and I had not been to Crackers& Co in over 10 years. Being familiar with the menu, I decided earlier in the week that I would venture back memories' lane for a few of my faves.  I started with a cup the Cream of Spinach and Artichoke soup which taste exactly how I remembered it from back in the day. Still hot, still savory, still delish!My friend and I split the Banana Cream Pie Pancakes and I could have honestly died right there right then. So good!For my main meal I ordered the Country Fried Steak Biscuits and Gravy. The steak was very tasty and the country potatoes were griddle fried to perfection. I made it half way through my main meal and decided to pump the brakes and suggested we split the daily bread pudding special but the response I got was, You! Can't! Be! Serious!So we decided to save that for another time. Later that night I had the other portion of my breakfast for dinner. I slept well.
5	We drove by this place a few times and giggled.at its name, being Mexican and all, but because.of.the yelp reviews we thought we'd give it a try and I am glad we did.  The service was exceptional.and the food was just as fantastic.  We will be back here.in two years to watch our Trojans.
4	This place is awesome. It's large so the wait on the weekend isn't bad. Menu is diverse and the food is delicious. Totally recommend the Baja omlette.
5	"OH MAH GOODNESS!! OH MAH DAYM!!" this place is off the chain with goodness! Gotta try the chorizo carnitas skillet! It's the bomb!
5	My wife and I were here dropping our son off for college and on the last day checked this place out. Found it on yelp. By far one of the best breakfast we've ever had. Great service, Great food with broad array of choices on the menu. We can't wait to come back.
5	I can't even tell you how many times I have eaten here. It's been that many! Usually when we talk about going to breakfast, brunch or lunch we don't even have to discuss where to go. Crackers is our default. For a long long time I got the New Hampton every time I went. Then they went and changed the menu on me! So now I rotate between the new princess, eggs Benedict and the breakfast burrito. My daughter always gets the biscuits and gravy and it's fantastic. The pancakes and French toasts are spot on also.  Their coffee is excellent and I LOVE that they have actual vanilla creamer. The only downside is that it gets very crowded on the weekends. I hesitate to go during peak hours but they I start thinking of that perfect hollandaise sauce dripping over perfectly prepared egg which is laying atop that just toasted to perfection English muffin and I wait no matter how long it takes!
2	Yesterday I ate here and it was fantastic, five star food and service...had french toast that was huge and fluffy...eggs bennadict that were perfect and sausage that I can only describe as artisinal... Wait service from Jessica was outstanding. Today I came back and had the same thing but sub bacon for sausage and had both chicken dumpling soup and artichoke soup. Also gad different wait staff...two guys instead of Jessica.  No dumplings in chicken dumpling soup. Returned that. Artichoke was thick like gravy, was just OK. Sent back eggs bennedict because they were cooked all the way through. SERIOUSLY?!? Hard egg yolks on eggs bennedict. Ordered Ruben instead. It was rushed, dry at tge edges and really greasy. Such an embarassment. Wss five stars. Pathetic today. Come back jess and save this place so they guys will not leave my eggs bennedict sitting under the heat lamps.
5	I can't believe I never reviewed Crackers yet--I love this place. The Southwest Carnitas skillet is probably what I'd want as my last meal on death row. I love the Catalina tuna melt to bits of fishy pieces. The french toast is a cinnamon-marbled marvel. Even the coffee is surprisingly good, and I drink it black. The only thing I ever had off the entire menu that I disliked was the huevos rancheros, but I think they've changed the recipe since. The service is always pretty prompt and there's never too long of a wait.
2	Only ate here once--and that was plenty for us.  Sunday AM and the place was packed.  Waited 30 minutes for a table.  VERY cramped, crowded, and LOUD.  Service was lackadaisical at best.  All their food comes from some sort of restaurant supply company and is then reheated and served.  Not sure where the rave reviews here come from--must be Americans who can't live without food loaded with salts and other preservatives.  Final tally over $40 for two people--no drinks.  I could have prepared a better breakfast at home with grocery store ingredients--and I'm a horrible cook.  Every time we drive by the wife and I smirk and cry out our nickname for this place:  "Crappers" cafe.
5	I found this place on my way through town. Thought it was good enough to warrant a review. I open the yelp app to see another review from here on the same day. Wow. My experience was completely different. My server was nice, the wait wasn't too bad. (Sunday mornings I got time to wait) the food was good. My French Toast must have been 2 inches thick. Coffee was strong. Price wasn't bad, ( I have a full time job though) to each his own I guess. I'd come back, but I'm not local.
4	The perfect traditional breakfast!  Lots of other varieties, going to have to return and try them all.  Very friendly and not afraid to say... Merry Christmas!  Love them!
4	I had never heard of Crackers until I visited, and I didn't realize it was a chain until just now!  I have been seriously missing out.Fiance and I stopped by for lunch, having been called in from the street by the signage.  My first impression was that the cafe felt very classy.  I ordered hot tea as part of a plan to stave off an oncoming cold (didn't work) and was presented several options in a box.  Nice.Opting for the lunch menu, I chose a roast beef, tomato, avocado melt (not what it was called on the menu, but the name has slipped my mind).  It came with a side salad and a pickle spear.  I absolutely loved that sandwich.  Hot, it was an A+.  Leftover for lunch later, it was a solid B+ still, and I didn't even warm it up.  I'd go back for that sandwich alone.
4	I have been on a hunt for a great breakfast place and I finally found Crackers. They have a great breakfast menu from traditional to Mexican and they also offer and awesome lunch menu. The only things I would love to see here are mimosas and longer hours, especially on the weekends, sometimes you crave a sandwich from crackers at 3:30 and you're too late! Other than that, great food and friendly service!
5	I love this place and my husband loves it even more than I do. I love the different specials they have every month. The staff is always so nice and attentive. We come here a lot and they seem to have a lot of regulars. I have never had anything that I didn't like. I will keep going back!
5	The breakfast was awesome. Had to wait for 20 minutes but well worth the wait.  Chorizo is nice and spicy and the cinnamon French toast was wonderful. Will visit again!
4	I went in for breakfast with the bar set high after reading the reviews here and they delivered. Huevos Rancheros was amazing. Almost life changing. Almost. The coffee was good too. Service was equally excellent. Thank you yelpers for the solid recommendation!
5	Breakfast here is top rated. Their food is one of the best I've tasted. I've tried several items on their menu and all have been quite good. You may have to wait a bit if it is the weekend on breakfast but it is well worth it.
4	Yummy! Good breakfast and good coffee. Had the California eggs bennedict.  Very tasty. .large portions..service was good.
4	We went for breakfast brunch on a busy Sunday morning, luckily though we didn't have to wait because there were spots open at the bar.  If your not lucky enough to get a spot at the bar or are dining with lots of people they do allow you to call ahead and put your name on a waiting list. The cafe is rather large but they seemed fully staffed to handle it well. The food was great, I loved my breakfast sandwich it was nicely and flaky and not overly oily. They also have egg substitute or egg whites only. The chef even did one egg and rest egg sub for me so that was nice. Also they're a lot of mostly healthy items on the menu. If your not looking for healthy than the biscuits and gravy were amazing.... Coming from me that's a lot because I hate biscuits and gravy. Nicely and peppery taste to them. I wasn't impressed with the pancakes but I think that comes down to personal preference because my husband loved them. Hubby also got corned beef and hash and loved that. Great locally owned cafe I will most likely be going to again!
5	Pork carnitas skillet and pork carnitas sandwich are YUMMY! My husband always gets eggs benedict which look so good. Friendly service.
5	Great atmosphere and food!  Our server David was awesome, he even sang to us.  Ask for David next time :)
3	This place is ok. I'm a waffle fan. I love me my waffles, but this place fell a little short in that department. I have tasted some amazing Belgian waffles before and this one was just "eh". Don't get me wrong, it was good, but didn't knock my socks off. The food is hit or miss here; never consistent. Their breakfast potatoes are pretty bland, they lack spices and salt for that matter. The plus side is that the staff is friendly and fast. The coffee was average. Overall, this place is just average. If you're looking for a quick decent bite, stop on by.
5	Amazing food, great service!! Can't go wrong here. Highly recommend the bananas foster French toast!! Omelets are to die for! Walked in at 10:30 on a Sunday for a party of 6. Quoted 45 min, not too bad considering it's a Sunday. Got seated about 40 mins after we got there. No complaints at all!!
4	I really like this location much better than the one I previously visited in Mesa on Iron Ave. This location is well lit w natural lighting streaming in and it seems as if the food even tastes better. We enjoyed our meal and our waitress was very attentive. I plan to visit this location in the near future!
5	My husband and I wanted to try a new place on our anniversary. Boy oh boy are we happy we tried this place out!Everyone I have bring to this place becomes a fan. Their food is always good. I have yet to have a bad dish. The staff is always nice! And they are always busy when we go, this is because they are awesome!My favorite dish is the multigrain pancakes with fresh blueberries and strawberries on top. Yummo!
4	This is good quality breakfast food.  They have an extensive menu with something for virtually everyone.  They also serve lunch, although I have not ordered off the lunch menu.
5	Went for Brunch with my mom and tried it out for both our first times- it was a pleasant experience and food was good as well. :)
4	Quaint little breakfast joint, relaxing and delish! Amazing eggs benedict and skillets... cute little patio too.
3	Decent breakfast. Great coffee. Very good service
5	Amazing food and amazing service! We ordered the meat lover's omelet and Butterfinger pancakes. Sadly, we could not finish them as the proportions were nice and large. Our waitress was also amazing, sweet, and attentive. 9/10 would eat here again. The only issue was the wait. But I suggest grabbing the bar seats.
4	I'm one to always look around for random places that are locally owned and not a franchiase. Came accross this place on my yelp sweep for good breakfast and brunch places. Very nice place with fast and friendly service. Was right away greeted and seated, brought our drinks and took our order. Food was really good, had the Southwest Eggs Benedict. Was full of favor, just wish it had a little more spice as I'm a fan of spicy food. Would I recommend this place to others yes, will I return yes.
5	Had eggs Benedict for the 1st time. So good  I wanted another  plate! Staff was very friendly as well. Highly recommend!
5	not only is the food good, but the staff is awesome too!! there was a bit of a wait when we showed up and I was with my two toddlers. When I said that the toddlers were hungry they went to the kitchen and brought back a BIG bowl of fruit!! Blueberies and strawberries and it helped so much while we waited!! the service was so good!! thanks so much :)
4	Bomb food for my hangover! Two thumbs up!! Had the pork carnitas skillet; service was fast and food was delicious
4	Surprisingly good & fast no nonsense breakfast. Get there early on the weekends if you can. Tasty and not too greasy sausage links, side fruit plate was fresh and a nice mix of fresh strawberries/blueberries/grapes, and the granola pancakes were very good as well. Wifey likes her potatoes, and pretty much everything else, extra crispy, and said they did them perfectly. Accommodating staff, and kid friendly, saw a few other toddlers. We'll be back for weekend brunch again soon.
5	Perfect diner breakfast. Food was good and came quickly. It was kid friendly and the service was great. I had eggs, potatoes and toast. My husband had the granola pancakes. We shared with my son. He was really happy.
5	I came here for lunch with a few friends.  There was so much to choose from on the menu.  I wanted to try everything.  I ended up ordering the BLT with the loaded potato soup.  Both were phenomenal.  Me and my two friends split the blackberry bread pudding.  It was so yummy.  I wish I had it all to myself.  I will definitely be coming back to try their other menu items!  Also, the service was great.  Our server Stephanie was very attentive and friendly.
5	First visit here last week for breakfast with the in-laws.  Service was great, food was really good & the portions were large. It was pretty busy (Wednesday morning around 7:30), and we were seated upon arrival. I ordered the pork carnitas skillet, while hubby had pancakes, eggs & bacon, and the in-laws had the pork carnitas breakfast burrito. It was so much to eat! While I didn't finish my skillet (lots of potatoes!), I did get hub's last piece of bacon--which was wonderful! Was impressed with the large box of teas brought to the table for my selection (all Bigelow, and they do have quite the variety).Hope to try one of their other dishes on our next visit. Seriously, this place is great!
2	Food: 2 starsService: 3 starsCoffee was $2.5 and mediocre. Euro crepes were thick and bland. Bacon was over-fried IMO. All that was good was company and ambience. Wouldn't come back unless I had to. If I did come back I'd get some pancakes instead!The summer hours are 7am-2pm.
5	After reading someone else here say the Huevos Rancheros were "almost life changing," I had to giver it a try! The food here is excellent and the service is outstanding. Eggs tasted great and the pork carnitas in the bowl beneath them were the best I've ever had. The polite wait staff works very hard, scurrying around to make sure everyone has everything they want and do their job with a delightful cheery attitude and a genuine desire to please. Impressive! A top choice for breakfast or brunch.
5	It was no fluke or stroke of luck the last time I praised this restaurant to the sky because I went back there today at the height of the Saturday breakfast rush and it outperformed again. I had Eggs Benedict this time and it was the best Eggs Benedict I've ever eaten...and I have had this dish in many of the finest hotels and resorts on the planet. When I asked if the breakfast potatoes were only served plain, she said "We will make them any way you want!" She brought it to me with loads of onions peppers and spice sauteed into them,the way they do it at the great classic Diners of NYC, NJ and Baltimore. It's official...this is the best breakfast in Maricopa County! If breakfast and brunch were a religion, Crackers & Co. Cafe would be its cathedral!
4	This is a great place to come eat! I'm never disappointed by the staff or the food! Luckily for me, this is also somewhat close to home considering there's only 3 (I believe in the valley)
5	We gave this place a shot after church and wowser! What a selection and it was great! Portion size was ample and the service was good. If you want a Vegetarian or Vegan dish - they will accommodate. Just tell them what you want and it's done. The atmosphere was similar to a semi-country kitchen but not overdone or cluttered.A solid 5 stars!
4	pretty good breakfast spot!  I tried something that was new to their menu and it was chicken and waffles in chorizo gravy served with an egg.  It was filling and delicious.  Customer service was great.  I didn't give it 5 stars because there was a fly that kept bugging me but I guess they can't really control that.  Very good breakfast!
1	GRITTY BALLS IN STINKING BROTHI was craving Chicken and Dumplings today. Passed on joining my teammates for lunch at Oregano's and order to go from them since they have Chicken and Dumplings.  I called and was told to give them 15 minutes. I shows up in 15 minutes and still had to wait about 5 minutes. The To Go person was very friendly.  So far not so bad, other than waiting for my soup.I returned to the office to devour my soup. I pop the lid to the soup was so disappointed. No gravy but broth. No dumplings but 3 huge balls made of grits or farina. No chicken. I asked  separate people what my dish was and not one believed it was Chicken and Dumplings. Most assumed it was a vegetable soup. I started to eat and was so grossed out. The balls are just too gritty for someone craving dumplings. The broth smelled gross and lack any real flavor. The vegetables were okay. I can't comment on the chicken because it had not one piece of chicken.  The one star is for the young lady behind the To Go counter, she was bright and friendly. For the restaurant if you veer that far from a recipe you should state so in your menu. But then who would ever order stale grit balls in stinky broth?
3	The food was really good. Everyone at our table had different items and they were each well priced. The menu is pretty large, and can be hard for someone who has trouble deciding. I felt like the food quality was much higher than ihop or Denny's or another breakfast chain, and in most cases the price was also cheaper. It lost a star because my water tasted strongly of mildew. Each person in our group tasted it in theirs. We tried water without ice, without lemon and with each individually and together. The taste was still there, so it must be an issue with their water tap. All in all, a fine experience, but don't drink the water! (We couldn't taste it in tea or coffee, so it must have cooked off) and try the lemon cheesecake!
4	I love this place, the menu is extensive, the portions are large.  Come hungry!  Most of the time I have the Belgian waffle,  today I had biscuits and gravy. It will take a long time to go thru this menu.
3	I got the Chorizo, carnitas skillet, & it was good, but not very flavorful. There was a strange white sauce in it, in addition to the cheese & potatoes which I'm sure increased the calorie count significantly, but didnt add much to the flavor. I tried to throw some salsa on top, but the salsa was bland as well. Prices were fair and the portion was rather large, so I didnt eat the toast that came with it. The service was very good, lightening fast actually! Only 3 stars however cause the food lacked flavor.
5	Get the chicken fried chicken on top of a waffle and then topped with eggs (your way) and a side of chorizo gravy....NOW! The bf and I will be living closer to this place soon and that could be dangerous. Mariah was a great server, super cute and friendly! I asked for a to go cup for my diet coke and she brought a giant cup already filled with diet coke yumminess! Score! "To go" beverages is something i can definitely get used to and seems to be an AZ thing. I sampled the bfs omelet and potatoes and they were also flavorful and awesome. Cannot wait to go back! My mom will love this place when she visits.
5	I love this place!  In fact, its my birthday brunch go-to place,  its my guilty waffle fix, it's my kinda place to catch up with the other half or visiting family. And why wouldn't it be? What? With the wonderful variety of yummy brunch choices and supreme customer service its no wonder I keep coming back. As for my menu recommendations you really can't go wrong, everything is flooded with flavor and served in a generous fashion. 9 out of 10 times I have leftovers to go. But if I did recommend one thing it is to not skip out on the bread pudding! I get that almost every time and enjoy it more each time!
2	Visited here on a non-busy Saturday afternoon. Our orders were taken promptly, and a half hour later, no food. At this point we asked if the food would be out soon, and we were told the burgers were just going on the grill. Smoke had been seeping into the dining room also, so maybe they burned our lunch the first time? While we waited the crew started to put the chairs up on the tables to begin the shut down process. Hey, we haven't even been served lunch! Once it arrived, the food was good. But not enough to overturn the awkwardly long wait.
4	The Omelette I had was REAL good, even the bread that came with it was good, and the potatoes, I would MOST CERTAINLY return to this place for Breakfast.Wife went with a Pumpkin Pancakes, which I stole a bite of, and I thought that was pretty good as well. Since was breakfast went with OJ (Its kinda like Root Beer hard to kill lol) I think I will be returning here, and would recommend them!
4	This place is so good! It's one of the best breakfast places around. The only con is that it doesn't have a bar or I would mend all my hangovers here weekend mornings. I have the southwestern eggs Benedict. It was spicy but really good! I paired it with some v-8 juice and coffee which was also really good. The inside has a fancier italian home type feel. Yellow walls, old looking paintings in frames, and it has a beautiful dry bar and patio.  I highly recommend you check this place out if your a morning person.
3	It's ok. My spinach and artichoke soup was very good. My burger was so-so. It's really loud in here and has the feeling of a buffet - so I am not a super fan of that. Other than that, the staff was good. I guess it's just not my type of restaurant. I picture my grandma there on a Saturday at 4pm for the early bird special.
4	I love Crackers. It's right down the street and the food is top notch. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because they don't have traditional hash browns, which really bums me out. Other than that, the food and the service is excellent.
5	Awrsome as usual!  Waited longer for food inside than did waiting for table but once food came it was delish!
5	Food - The southwestern eggs Benedict is delicious! The chorizo has just the right amount of spice. Order the potatoes extra crispy! We also had the country fried steak and eggs, which was also amazing. Service - Odalys was the best server ever. She was very genuine and always on top of everything. We'll definitely be back when we're in town again!
3	We stopped by Crackers per a few friends recommendations around 11am for brunch. It was busy and the wait time was about half an hour. Once we were seated, our waiter came to get our drinks order promptly and came back soon after to get our food order. There were 4 of us & we ordered the California Eggs Benedict, the Southwest Eggs Benedict, the Day Break, and Bandito Omlet.For whatever reason, everyone's food was brought out before mine & I didn't get it until about 5 or 7 minutes later. My dish was the California Eggs Benedict which was just alright. The bacon was crispy and tasty but the hollandaise sauce along with everything else was pretty bland. I also had asked for the side of potatoes to be extra crispy but they were not .. Or I guess only about half were. I'd say that for the quantity, the price was worth it, but not so much for the quality of food. Everyone enjoyed the items we had ordered but no one was overly excited about them. All and all, it was just okay.
3	After having a not particularly pleasing experience at US Egg, decided to try this place, and in fact have gone there twice during my visit in the area.I wish they were open earlier than 7 am.  I wish the seating was more cozy... each time I ended up at a table in the middle of the dining room.  Had a skillet both times, was good, especially the potatoes.  Servers were normal, not pretentious.  So yea, I'd go back, Only real criticism is the seating and atmosphere and the hours they open.
5	I used to work a mile from this place and miss it so dearly.   The food is fantastic and reasonably priced.  At one point, I went to this restaurant 5 days in a row because i was addicted to how great it was.  This is certainly my favorite 'breakfast-type' place to go and I am so glad i just found out there is another location in mesa/gilbert.
4	Most of the time I don't eat a big breakfast--just toast or cereal with yogurt. Here I ordered the original parfait that was quite good. It had sweeted yogurt, fruit and granola. The coffee was okay.Some others in the group ordered large breakfasts of eggs, toast and potatoes or pancakes that they enjoyed.This is a popular, well run restaurant that specializes in breakfasts.
5	My fav brunch spot! Came here We'd with my sis and Sunday with my hubby and his boss and both times the good and service was exceptional! So glad to have this so close to my home! I ordered the Spicy Mexican skillet and my husband got veggie omelet and French toast! It was sooo good! And the coffee is always great! Love how they give you a small thermos so you can have your own refills while u eat :)
