3	This location is fine-- It is in the Albertsons and is very small. They do have seating outside and that is nice because it is usually not busy here. They seem to have a lot of different employees here. Not really sure what that is about. But they do have my Chai Latte so I am a happy girl.
1	Selling water in a desert problem again.  Buy $5.00 coffees for 15 years but when you sweat your balls off walking from your car to the door and just need a water the charge for tap water is $.30.  Less than a mcDonald's dollar for a cup of water. But now I am thinking people with cups all over their car might not be so crazy here.  Must be a nevada policy.  Never had to pay for tap water in california at mcdonalds or starbucks.  A cup does not cost a dollar.
3	This Starbucks opened back in 2008 when I first lived here. My young one was just a wee babe, so it was easy to cart him anywhere. This Starbucks fulfilled my latte, frappachino, and lovely oatmeal cravings every single day. Then my family moved. I missed my next door Starbucks. We moved back her a few months ago. This Starbucks is still the same, but my smart phone has evolved past them. I am so used to just whipping out my iPhone and paying for anything that will let me. This 'Bucks does not. It is a nice place to hang out waiting for other pressing engagements, and the staff can be pretty nice when they are not just "meh". So yes, there are times when I adore my venti, and other times when I wished I'd gone down to Town Center. At least it is near my house. (Oh yeah- they do not take the phone app, so have your physical SB card or another payment.)
3	I'm generally here two times a week before/after hikes.  The crew at this outlet are competent and friendly.  Sometimes, the line gets a little long, but it's not a major factor.They used to have a really large seating area, but Albertson's recently redid some of their retail space and now that area is gone and is just a small area along the front wall.Sitting on the patio is great.  It's always covered and the tables all have umbrellas.  Even in winter it's usually very pleasant to sit out and people watch.
