5	I have been going to Marina for the past 10 years. She recently joined this salon and has been very happy here. There are several highly skilled stylists at Vision. Sonny gives an amazing haircut, Jorge is wonderful as well. Marina does my color and has always been consistent. I have really long hair so it's hard to not fry the hair by coloring it. She mixes a different solution for my roots and one for the rest of my hair. She also gives a great blow out (which seems to be hard to find in Vegas.)
3	After checking out four salons in Las Vegas, I am still in a search for "the one." I used to work with a chick who had the same hair texture and skin tone as myself who had pretty impressive cuts and color. She told me about Vision hair salon.I kind of expected that this salon was going to be one of those salons where clients like to rock their high end purses and jeans. However, as I walk in, I'm surprised to see the diverse customers that get services done here. From the older to the younger, to the richer to the not so rich, from the big to little, etc. they seem to flock here. This place definitely has a warm atmosphere. My stylist name was Annette. The reason for the A-ok rating is due to her color. I can't say I'm completely satisfied with her color technique; it was too simple and "easy" for my taste. I got chunks of reddish highlights and chunks of caramel blond at another time. I like how she colored my hair down to my scalp and I loved my cuts from her since she minimizes the use of texturizing scissors on my thick hair. Maybe I should have specified how I wanted my hair color to turn out, but I had expected something a bit more sophisticated. I'm guessing for what I was willing to pay, I get chunks of highlights rather than a base color and highlights that compliment my face and base color. I felt this place is very affordable, chic and a great atmosphere. However, I'm not too thrilled that I can get a better hair color in CA for the same price I got at Vision.
1	If I could give negative stars, I would.DO NOT, I REPEAT, DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU CARE ABOUT YOUR HAIR, LADIES!!!!Emilia is AWFUL!!!!  I did a trial here with my girlfriend for my wedding (my girlfriend was my bridemaid) and Emilia did an average job using a curling iron. After the style fell out after 1/2 hour, I asked her if she could do the same style in rollers for my wedding day. THE DAY BEFORE my wedding, I get a TEXT from Emilia cancelling my hair appointment because she is not confident she can do what I want. WHAT?!?!?!??!  SERIOUSLY?????  First off, who does that the day before a girl's wedding? Second, how bad do you have to be as a stylist to not have confidence in using ROLLERS?I will be reporting her to the Better Business Bureau. Fortunately I got my hair done at Caesars Palace Hair Salon.  They are AWESOME there.  I just loved it there....and they made me look like a million bucks.Emilia, you should be ASHAMED OF YOURSELF!!!!(In all fairness, Vision Hair Salon operates with various contractor stylists renting out the space of the salon...so there may be other hair stylists who are good here, who shouldn't be punished for the audacity of Emilia.  The manager who I complained to about Emilia was really, really nice and seemed genuinely concerned about Emilia's behavior, which was a good thing!)
5	The salon is super nice and professional. They always offer water, tea, or coffee when you walk in.  My hair stylist is Daileny and I highly recommend her.  She's attentive and always works with me to make sure I get exactly what I want.  She offers an amazing deep conditioning treatment that's great for your hair, especially after highlights! Check her out!
4	On recommendation from my boss (who goes to McKenna), I stopped into Vision as a walk-in and asked if anyone was available. I expected to wait for a bit since I was a walk-in but Elizabeth took me immediately. My last haircut wasn't so great so Elizabeth had some work ahead of her to get my hair back in shape. I showed her the general picture of what I wanted for my hair and then gave her some instructions on how it behaves - it's very thick. She hadn't noticed the natural wave. After about an hour, she dried and styled my hair to make sure she got all the layers right and it looked great - just what I wanted. I'd highly recommend Elizabeth for "special needs" haircuts like mine.The stylists in this salon rent their chairs, so if you like the haircut you get, make sure to get the stylist's contact info in case he/she decides to move on from Vision.
5	Very Clean, Professional, Upscale Salon, with personalized service which I had a difficult time finding in Las Vegas!! Walked in and found my stylist for life, Donita!! I highly recommend the salon and her
5	I see Erica and I love her. I tell her what I want and she does it. Pretty easy!Everyone at this salon rents so if you want to keep a stylist as your regular stylist you have to exchange information with them and not with the front desk. It's no problem if you are a walk-in or don't know who you are going to see because they will still take you.The salon is large and it is only hair, there are no nails or skin services. It has great decor and even the bathrooms rock. The ambiance in there is great I have to admit (there are washcloths instead of paper towels!). I really like how they have these huge, gold framed dressing mirrors for each hair station. Those mirrors make such a huge difference in comparison to all of the hair salons that have the regular half mirror on top of a counter.I know they sell Pureology and some other brands but I don't remember the names... I also like the location, right near me and there is also Massage Nirvana in the same parking lot so if you want the other services they are right next door. And there is also a super cheap nail salon in the same parking lot if you want a cheaper deal!I highly recommend Vision because all of their staff has experience and they come to work in a professional manner.Try Erica too!
1	I needed to write a review because I could not let what just happened go ignored like I was!  I called this morning looking to make an appointment.  I have only been once so I was not looking for anyone in particular.  The receptionist told me there was an appointment at 2.  I arrived at 2 and was told I would be helped shortly... For 28 minutes I sat there watching the owner and 4 stylist standing up at the front desk laughing, talking and looking at something on the computer... Finally I asked how long it would be since I had been waiting almost a half hour... She went back to ask and returned telling me it would be just 5 more minutes... Well 8 minutes later I said, "forget it, I'm leaving."  The owner let me walk out, didn't attempt to stop me or find a way to keep my business.  That in and of itself ensured I will never return to this place again!!Pay attention to your customers mister, because that's who ensures you get to stand around all day and do nothing!
5	David Pedley  is amazing! Go  see him !!
4	I'm pretty pleased with this salon.  I decided I didn't want to schlep my hair out to Henderson any longer and, one Yelp search later, found this big, modern and clean brick n' mortar.  First of all, they do not do nails. WHICH IS F***ING AWESOME. This means you will not be subjected to watching technicians shave feet.  THANK GOD.  Watching pedicures while getting a haircut, and all those flyin' foot flakes, is so nasty. Hallelujah.Also, they're pretty decent on the prices ($120 on a haircut, partial highlights, and blow dry).  I used to go to Euphoria and they charged $140.  My go-to girl is Stephanie Torres and I'm always happy with the result.P.S. - Closed Sundays.
1	I was a repeat customer for over a year with a specific person ( I wont mention her name because as a person I really did like her).  I got my usual highlights touched up for a while, but this time I wanted to try something completely different.  LONG STORY SHORT.... I ended up going back 3 times to get my hair colored because it was not right... then at the end of it all, my hair ended up falling out. Yes, we all shed normally... but i literally am thinned out... and you can see it on my scalp.  Met with a dermatologist  who told me that the chemicals might have been sitting on my head for too long, or under the dryer for too long...  im so upset by this because I am getting married in a year, and I went specifically to her and told her i was trying to grow my hair out.... I even texted her on my 3rd color "are you sure my hair wont damage?" She said NO. but no.... my hair FELL OUT. there are NO WORDS to describe how I feel.  She offered to see it, but frankly... i went back way to many times to fix the issue I just dont trust her anymore. I will NEVER GO BACK.
5	This review is mainly in reference to my hairstylist Enjoli Bruner.Vision Salon is a quaint salon no different than most in the area. No nails, no facials, just hair.So I've seen Enjoli for over 7 years now. She's been at this location for (guessing) 4 years. With the exception of my husband, Enjoli (pronounced On-joe-lee) is the longest commitment I've had with anyone! Her talent really speaks for itself. It's one thing to be great at cutting hair and coloring hair it's another to be technically perfect. Her clients range from the Summerlin socialites, to well....little ol' me : just a regular girl who saves her nickels and dimes to splurge on her hair.All across town there's the typical talent out there, the typical friendliness, but Enjoli has all of that plus she's got the hair science thing down. I went through stages where I saw a picture, brought it in and told her - I want to look like that. She then asked me what about the picture I liked, why I liked it.... and ever so gently explained that with my hair and texture - I could never have hair like that. She did talk me through the next best thing, and the bottom line is - I always end up loving the result. At the end of the day, let's face it - hair styling - particularly hair color - it's science. If a particular hair fad is going to fry my hair in the long run, I would rather she be upfront and honest, than regret it later.I have referred MANY to Enjoli. Each and every one is now part of her regular clientele. My boss wanted to completely change her look - I referred her to Enjoli - the next day it was amazing how great she looked. My friend wanted a better shade of blond than the box she used every month.. she now has her new signature color. My husband wanted a "professional" haircut - and that's what he got.She knows her stuff. As far as cost, yes, if you're used to a 15 dollar haircut, she's probably not the girl for you. A cut and a color will cost you over $100 (you might want to check the prices with her though because they vary) but is well worth it. She almost always has an assistant so sometimes I end up tipping them too but I'm sure that's not the norm.So if you're looking for a hair stylist who's worth every cent - you should definitely consider giving Enjoli a call.
5	I have the best stylist! She's truly amazing! Very clean place! Love it! Been going for 4 years now!
5	I've been coming here since they opened and between the friendly staff and great stylists there is no reason not to embrace this place. The stylists mostly rent their stations and all prices are moderate and I'm always pleasantly surprised on the assistants and shampoo head massage that I receive.  Enjolie is one of my faves and Erika Pacheco who is newer at her own station are both wonderful. It's located in Summerlin, love this side of town. You def should check it out.
5	I've been getting the Keratin Treatment for the past five years by different stylist. David Pedley, at Vision Hair Salon, does the best Keratin Treatment in town by far! I have long hair and it comes out silky, smooth and healthy. This is the second time David has done the treatment and it lasts 7-8 months. After my treatment, I can wash and go with low maintenance.At other salons, the treatment didn't last as long and I wasn't able to wash and go without running and flat iron through my hair. I highly recommend David Pedley to those of you who are looking for the straight and silky hair look!
5	I've been seeing Emelia for my hair for over 5 years now, and she is a fantastic hairdresser!  First off, I am extremely picky about my hair and I require a hairdresser that has great skills as a colorist, can do an awesome cut, and most importaintly, actually listens to what I want and is honest about what is possible.  I frequently change my hair going from light to dark and short to long, and she gets it right every single time.  I will bring in a picture of what I want and we will talk about it, she will explain what is possible with my hair (I have very fine hair and not a lot of it!) and it always turns out fantastic!  I have recommended her to many of my friends, all of which have been super happy with her services, as well.  On top of it, she is so sweet and down to earth, it's easy to sit in her chair for longer services.  I even bring my daughter in now for haircuts, and she loves her!  I highly recommend her if you want a great cut and color, and a hairdresser that will listen to what you want and deliver!
5	Lorie S is fantastic...I call her "The Master".  Since I keep my hair short and have moved around the country a lot, I have had many stylists thru the years.  I have found the best way to find a good stylist is to approach someone who has a great haircut and ask them who cuts it.  That is exactly what I did and it was one of the best referrals I've ever had. Lorie knows all the tricks of the trade and whether you want it wispy, edgy or spikey, she can create the exact style you're looking for.  There are lots of techniques to creating a specific style  and she knows them all.  She's been cutting hair over 30 years so I guess that explains why.  In addition she is warm, friendly and a great inspiration to all her know her. You'll leave her chair not only looking better on the outside but feeling better on the inside as well!  She's just the best!!!!
5	After losing my hair wizard of 7 years I was "interviewing" new stylists. Luckily, I found my new genius here! Erica Prager came into my life and I couldn't be any happier. The upscale locale is very clean, up to date and fun atmosphere. The receptionists are very friendly and all the other stylists are like a big family. I love coming here. This is a great place and certain you will find your perfect stylist from the numerous talent this salon has to offer. As I walk around I glance to see who's getting what and someone is getting something fabulous done. I highly recommend Erica for any of your needs. I am very picky and I am at ease with her work. She cuts my long rapunzel hair to perfection and uses wonderful products to keep my red hair red until my next visit. No joke, I ran errands after my visit today and seriously lost track of how many compliments I got and I didn't go to Walmart ok...I'm talking Sephora and Town Square caliber type compliments!
