5	Solid burger place, especially considering the other options on campus. Prices are very reasonable, though I feel like there could be more fries. Some compare it to Five Guys, but I haven't been there enough to judge. Worth checking out though if you like burgers.
3	Mediocre burger place. Soggy buns. Burgers are flat and smooshy. Jurassic's supposed selling point is providing free toppings when other businesses dont-- their free toppings are basics like ketchup, mustard, mushrooms, and onions. But kudos for being another 3am joint. They fulfill orders fast and stay open late and the food is decent. Great theme idea for a college campus.
1	Hours say their open til 10, walked there at 8:30 and the owner locked the door and just stared at us through the front window.We tried to eat there Saturday too and they closed until midnight when their hours claim they're are supposed to be consistently open until 3 am.I was so excited to try the veggie burger but it's looking like the owner doesn't even want our business.
4	The Good:-The burgers are so good! I ordered a cheeseburger with ketchup only (lame, I know).  Turns out it's similar to a double cheeseburger and has cheese between two patties, it's pretty greasy, but absolutely delicious!-The fries were pretty good, but lacked a bit of salt, but hot and fresh!The Meh:-A serious lack of dinosaur theming! A single toy T-Rex sits in front of the menu...and that's it. I'm assuming they are waiting to see how successful the business is prior to investing in decor, not really a big deal at all, just a little disappointing.The Bad:-A serious lack of seating! There are literally eight seats in the entire place! I'm guessing that this is again an issue of waiting to see before investing too much in decor, but there's at least room for one more table.Overall:Definitely worth checking out! I know that I'll be returning again!
4	Burgers are delish (greasy but delish). Fries are a little too salty. More than MacDons but less than Firehaus, rating about the same in quality.
