1	HORRIBLE customer service!!Back in January 2013 I purchased a galaxy s3. The associate made me think I was using my upgrade to get a discount on the phone for extending my contract (which Is the way I thought upgrades worked). Today, I went in to get a new phone because the screen on my s3 shattered and I wanted to switch to the iPhone, anyway. They told me I still had a balance of about 200.00 remaining on my s3 that needed to be paid off before I could use my "Jump" to get the iphone. They looked through my file to see that I had signed up to pay the remainder of the s3, which discounted my plan the amount of the monthly payments so my bill stayed the same. So in the end I was paying the full amount ($500something dollars) WHILE STILL EXTENDING MY CONTRACT. When I told the associate that I felt like I was tricked, he replied, "no, because you're paying the same amount of money," I about lost it.SO, in order to get a new phone I will have to get the screen fixed ($150) Pay off the remainder of the s3 ($200), and put a down payment on a new phone ($???).I suppose it was my fault for not reading what I was signing but I feel as tough it is the associates duty to explain what I'm paying for.I have been with TMobile for 8 years and I am highly disappointed. I will not be purchasing a new phone from them nor extending my contract any longer than it has been.
1	I went in to this store to get my son a new phone and switch to the new T-Mobile plan. The salesman (Zack) claimed that we needed to buy second phone for $5 in order to waive a migration fee of $50. It turns out that we weren't subject to a $50 migration fee, and the $5 phone was really $72. He also signed 2 of our lines up for the JUMP plan which we didn't ask for and didn't want.When we returned to the store, they were unwilling to help us until my husband started talking about changing carriers. In the end, out of frustration, we had them remove the JUMP plan and return the phone (with a $25 restocking fee). According to the second salesperson, Zack was "being creative" when he set us up. Yeah, right - creatively increasing his commission.Imagine my surprise, when a few days later, I found out I was STILL signed up for JUMP. I ended up calling T-Mobile directly where I received excellent customer support. The JUMP plan was removed. They told me that the store should waive the $25 fee for me, but I just can't bring myself to ever go there again.I found the whole experience about as pleasant as shopping for a used car.
5	Fed up with Verizon, I crossed the street (literally) and went into this store today to sign up with Tmobile. Due to some staffing issues, and it normally not being busy on Sundays, it was short staffed. It was like waves up people just pouring in. Giana and Jackie did such an amazing job. They kept everyone in pleasant moves and worked together so well as a team. The poor girls did not have a chance to breathe! I was so impressed, and I will always refer people to this store.
4	They worked with me on my at&t ipad mini, but since it's a version 1 I was only able to get 3g with it.  At least they tried, ya know?Ultimately I ended up getting a samsung hotspot pro and I got out of there with my ipad back to how it was, and the samsung hotspot pro up and rolling.  They are busy lots of times, so keep that in mind.  You're not going to walk in there and be treated like you're the only person on the face of the planet... it seems like lots of people walked in there when I was there and thought that, then walked out.
