5	Phenomenal Russian food- taste is spot on, dishes offered are diverse, and prices are comfortable. Location is close to the Strip, convenient to locals and foreign tourists alike. I'm really hoping they succeed, as most of their food can't be found elsewhere!Menu offers several hot and cold appetizers, get several for the table to try.HERRING: cold app served with potatoes, hardboiled egg, dill, and onion. So fresh, so tasty, must-order. $9MAMALIGUTA: a peasant dish made of corn polenta, Russian feta, and sour cream. Odd but complementary combination of flavors and textures. $7JULIEN: baked mushrooms in cream sauce, topped with cheese. This mixture is available in other dishes/apps and is a large part of Russian cuisine. $8SOLYANKA: the other famous Russian soup, packed with sausage. Borscht is also available of course but I generally prefer this one.Entree options include traditional stroganoff and chicken kiev, as well as representative dishes from other nearby cultures: Hungarian goulash, Viennese schnitzel. SHASHLIK: grilled pork, beef, or lamb served with a tasty tomato-based house sauce. Cooked to your preferred doneness, ample sharing portion. $16Dessert: there are a few dessert options, but this place is known for their "honey cake" (AKA Napoleon cake), a creamy puff-pastry concoction that I don't usually like- though I have not had the version served here. Opted instead for the ZAPAKANKA: Similar to a baked cheesecake and served with whipped cream and cherries, this is a traditional dish that American sugar enthusiasts may find on the bland side. The delicate cake is not sweet and dense but light and airy instead.I have not yet tried the entire menu, but I'm impressed enough to give five stars and be tentatively planning a UYE here- they also have a bar and a karaoke stage, and will eventually be open tip 4AM for crazy European dance parties!
5	I love love looove this place!!! The owner and all employees are so nice and curteous. They have a full bar now, atmosphere is great and cozy. And don't even get me started about food!!!! I am eastern european and grew up eating only russian food. Everytime I eat at this restaurant, I feel like my mother with my both grandmothers are in the kitchen - cooking!! Amazing! Am so happy there is such a place in Las Vegas that warms my heart and makes my tummy happy!!! :-))
5	It's SO Good! Is there a way to give 6 stars? The owner and employees are amazing. Nice, courteous, quick and friendly. The menu is a full Russian/Ukrainian menu. The type of food you would have at a fancy russian party and let me tell you, it is SO good. The way they make their Borscht is awesome. It's very authentic and very fresh. Also the Vareniki are delicious. The atmosphere is very modern. The story of the picture of Moscow on the wall is pretty neat, come in and ask about it.
5	Spent a week exploring fancy restaurants on the Strip.  Then took my party to this place.  Well,  everyone agreed that it was the best dinner of the entire trip!  Well worth a drive.  Recommendation : come as a group and order a lot of different dishes.  Then everyone can taste everything.
4	The food was good and service was fast. We got pelmeni and seledka pod shuboi which were excellent. Other dishes were also good. The only thing that was lacking was ambience. There was no music, and you could hear other people eat.
5	A definite favorite. We've gone before and will go again. Not your ordinary fare but but consistently great. i like to start out with the red caviar with blinis and a bottle of Russian Standard Vodka ( both a small price), their borsch is the best. All their entrees are great. Atmosphere is so-so but the staff and owner are congenial, making the shortcomings worth the while. We'll be back...
5	Amazing Russian food, the owner is very nice and all the time made sure we have everything we need at the table. I tried several dishes and all of them taste the same as home cook food almost the same as my mom use to make. Very nice design and warm atmosphere, I will recommend to anyone who would like to try an original Russian cuisine kitchen.
5	Very good restaurant love the interior design remind me of Russia.delicious and fresh food.will be back again.
