4	Zulma has been cutting my hair for almost 4 years. I was staying in the Air Force base a few blocks away and I needed a hair cut. I don't trust just anyone with my hair, I am very very picky! I walked over and gave this place a shot. I don't know how but this lady's hands are magical. She cut my hair in layers, my hair stayed salon soft for months and my hair started growing faster after she trimmed it my next visits. This is a family owned business everyone here is super nice and welcoming. When you need a hair cut she will shampoo your hair with great quality products, cut, blow dry and even style it for less than $30 dollars. Most salons will charge you a fortune just to cut it. She also does perms, hair coloring, highlights, low-lights, waxing and on special occasions she does hair styles and makeup. A few years back I sought her full services for my Christmas party and no lie, she left me looking like J-Lo lol. She charged me $60 dollars to get my hair colored dark cherry, a very hard color to achieve and it turned out beautiful. My hair looked freakishly amazing. She was even so nice to add these lovely elegant ruby rhinestone hair pins to my hair style because my dress was red. My makeup was very light and natural yet very sexy and I looked awesome! When you become a regular you become a family. Zulma also speaks Spanish, so Spanish speaking ladies don't be scared to come she will take good care of you. Heck! Everyone should come. "Oh you fancy, huh" come get your "hair done, everything did."
4	Loved this place. Just moved to las Vegas. Found this great place..cut and style 25 bucks.  Friendly staff. Only down side very bad neighbor
5	Zulma cut my hair. I hadn't had a haircut in about 3 years so I had a good amount of dead ends... I walked in she sat me down and cut my hair into beautiful layers and then styled it for $25! It looks and feels great. I'll definitely be going back.
1	SO DISAPPOINTED..I read the reviews below, and it all sounded good so I went yesterday..I called first to get the exact location (they haven't bothered change it to the new correct location on this website) and we made an appointment 40 min later. Coming in 5 min early she was busy with a client, she did see me and just said hello. I sat down and waited and she finished the male client. She said she was ready for me (didn't bother to come up to the front and be a little more personal - after all it was my first time in the salon)The salon is big and spacy, think there was 6 stations..I was seated in the same chair where she just finished the guy! I thought Eeew! She has so many chairs to choose from, and instead of giving me a clean seat, I was placed in a chair where a BIG, SWEATTY guy just got up from.. Well alright, absolutely no clue of good customer service EVEN at first visit..She asked how I wanted the cut and I explained what I would like. There was no suggestions of a new style or anything else from her side, although she said she had 20 years experience. Looking foreward to having my hair washed and shampoo'ed like girls in other reviews was so happy with, she just started combing and divide up my hair. I asked her if she wasn't gonna wash it "just to make it easier to cut" (Iwas trying to still be polite) but she said no no, your hair is clean.. I was almost in chok! It is not about is the hair clean or not, it's about making your client feel comfortable, and she could charge more if she washed it if she wanted to.. I wasn't gonna ask any more.. The station was filthy with hair, the mirrors in the salon dirty etc. Maybe have a smaller place, and keep it clean?She straightened my hair NOT using heat-protection products although she's has them for sale. Neither did she mention how important it is to use good products for your hair, I might as well have been cut by a robot.. Guess what: Even without a wash n shampoo I WAS CHARGED THE SAME!!During the haircut I was just sitting there, not offered anything to drink, she didn't ask me any questions at all HOW she get's client's to come back I don't know.. Maybe she just had a bad day, cause it was so different from all the good reviews before mine. What a disapointment..
5	My experiences with Zulma keep getting better as the more she pampers my hair. I've been coming here since 2008!!! Still family owned by the one and only Zulma. The rest of the staff is just as amazing and they do a great job. They moved on up from down the street to this current new location. The new place is twice as large and very nice. Come check it out you will not be disappointed. Great affordable prices too!!! Check out my original review.
