3	So, being from the US and not the UK, I have to compare this experience with food that I am accustomed to as well as other food in the UK. But, I do try to have an open mind. Overall, it was one of the better meals so far in the country (had a pretty mediocre experience so far in the UK) but it did not meet better-than-average food standards that I am familiar with....OK, I say all of this cause I know this may not be a fair assessment and it sounds like I'm an Ameri-snob but that is what I'm working with....We were staying near the Royal MIle and had passed by this place on a few walks. Decided to head out to have lunch there. Upon arriving, it was raining (outdoor seating closed) so we were immediately led to the back dining room. A very pleasant, modern space with a wall of glass on one side. Waiter came within a few minutes and got a drink order and an orange juice / seltzer mix for the kids.My wife got a pink froo-froo drink that came in a Martini glass and didn't like it (as usual). I tried it and it was OK...just not her thing. She switched to wine. I got a Hendricks Negroni which was really good and stout if you like bitters. Thing 1 and Thing 2 ordered kids penne pasta (not on the menu)....one with just butter and one with a red sauce. Red sauce was a bit weak and flavorless. Wife and I shared a scallop app that was pretty good...had a salad with cilantro and a mayo-based sauce on the side. Then came the main courses....wife got the salmon med rare and I got the fish and chips. Salmon was reported as just OK and fish and chips were good except for that English tradition of serving things with mushy peas underneath them. Not too bad of an idea, and I don't have anything against peas, but the they need to have some flavor so that they enhance the dish and this wasn't the case. A bit bland. Tartar sauce accompanying my dish as well as the "chips" were tasty. The presentation was very nice here. Check was 120 pounds which seemed very steep (hmm....is this about $200 USD!!!! ouch). But, very good service. I would say that there are many other places to eat in this town....I will have to try a few more before I can compare this with other options in the area. Probably won't be back here on this trip.
3	After going to many restaurants this past week, I'd have to say this spot was Alright. I think overall its just because I seem to have made the bad choice on the menu! I ordered Fish with Squid and some sort of chorizo risotto underneath. I have to say the dish was so salty I was considering taking it back. The other dinners were nice, all the presentation is well done and the staff were really kind. Although this choice that I made put me off, especially because the prices are pretty high. For a starter my dad and I shared a goats cheese and beetroot ensemble. It was very delicious and the presentation was cool enough that my family and I want to re-create it at home. The prices are high, the service and ambiance is nice, however I just don't think I'd rush back ASAP.
4	Elegant foodie restaurant. Imaginative presentations and flavor combinations. Sorry we didn't have room for dessert.   Very good value.
5	While visiting Edinburgh on our honeymoon, my husband and I stopped into Angels with Bagpipes because it was highly recommended by a local we met earlier on our trip. We weren't prepared for the atmosphere and totally stood out like tourists. But, we were so anxious for a good meal because we hadn't found one yet.The service was impeccable and we didn't feel a hint of disdain at our shorts and tennis shoes attire (whoops - like I said, unprepared).We ordered olives, bread and olive oil as an appetizer. I had the pork belly, which I think I remember being served with potatoes and greens. No matter, the pork belly was the focal point and it was just perfect. My husband ordered the ribeye with and to date, he still describes it as the best steak he's ever had in his life.We didn't do dessert, because we headed across the street for a fried Mars Bar. How could we not?
4	Very good food and friendly service.  The menu is not huge, but original and dishes are made with local ingredients.  I would highly recommend Haggis and smoked salmon to start. We had lamb and cod for main course.  Cod was just about perfect.   Cannot beat the location - right on the Royal Mile.  We had a table for two next to the window overlooking the Royal mile.  Most of the restaurant is down stairs, so if you want the view, you should us for a table on the first floor.   Well worth the time and money.
4	In comparison to all other restaurants we ate at during our trip to Scotland, Angels with Bagpipes was pretty good. Had dinner there on our first day in Edinburgh based on recommendation from the local & experienced our first (but definitely not last) Haggis. Lamb was very flavorful, but a wee bit too tender. The name of the restaurant actually references three small angels with bagpipes engraved in a church across the street. The church is worth visiting too.
4	I had one of the more adventurous meals of my life at Angels with Bagpipes last week, and it was excellent. As we were on vacation, we decided to treat ourselves to a more upscale and pricey meal, and it was worth every penny. We had a late reservation, and our table wasn't quite ready when we arrived, so we decided to enjoy a cocktail in the front bar area and peruse the menu. It's not a huge menu by any means, but it is an interesting one, so we had a difficult enough time deciding what we'd like to order. What was nice was that we were able to order prior to being seated at our table, so that we wouldn't have to wait ages for our food. (Details like that are what make some restaurant experiences great, instead of merely good.)My cocktail (a chocolate/orange/espresso combination) was tasty, but I switched to wine with my food. My husband loved his gin and tonic, though, and stuck with that for the evening. I started with the beef tartare (a first for me), and it was amazing. I even enjoyed the raw quail's egg on top, and I generally have an issue with even somewhat runny eggs. Honestly, this dish was so good, I would've considered having it again for dessert! My husband had the haggis, which he really enjoyed, especially as it was wrapped in bacon. (I didn't get a bite, but I've had haggis before, so I wasn't too disappointed.) For mains, I had the trout, and again, it was very good - I particularly enjoyed the crab "fish stick" that accompanied it. My husband had the lamb, and here's where I got super adventurous, as it came with sweetbread and tongue, both of which I tried (another first), and coming from someone who SWORE they would never eat any kind of organ meat, I really liked both. The tongue in particular was very tender and flavorful. I don't know that I would be brave enough to eat an entire entree, but the bites I had were very enjoyable, and my husband said he'd happily order this again. He also got a side of chips, which were good, but not entirely necessary.For dessert we decided to split the cheese plate, and it is more than big enough to share, with 5 different cheese on offer, including a fantastic goat cheese. The pear chutney was a wonderful accompaniment, and really, it was a perfect end to a perfect meal.The restaurant isn't terribly fancy or pretentious - it's more of a place where you can dress up if you'd like to, but I felt comfortable enough in nice jeans and a sparkly top. The upstairs dining area can get a bit loud, especially if there are any large groups having dinner, but it didn't detract from our experience at all. Service, especially in the bar area, is friendly and top notch, and the food is all presented beautifully. Portions aren't huge, but everything is of the best quality and we certainly didn't leave hungry. We had a great night and a fantastic meal, and I would definitely go back to Angels with Bagpipes if I'm ever in Edinburgh again.
5	This place is my #1 favorite restaurant in Edinburgh. It was recommended by our hotel staff. We didn't have the chance to come here until the end of our trip. We wish we learned more about this place sooner because it was one of the best restaurants we've gone to. Everything was just exceptional!We were seated immediately when we came here. I've always wanted to try the haggis but didn't had the courage but something about this place finally made me try it. We ordered their haggis, neeps and tattis as an appetizer and it was very good. It was served it a very nice fashion. Not only the appetizer but everything else we ordered were served very nicely. My boyfriend and I couldn't decide between their lamb and venison so we decided to order one of each and shared. They were both very delicious. Good meat cooked to perfection as I almost licked my plate. We also decided to try some whisky. We didn't know what to order but our waiter helped us picked the best one they have. We didn't know how to drink it so he taught us how to add little drops of water into the whisky and drink it very slowly. We felt like dummy amateurs when it comes to whisky but our waiter was just so sweet, nice and kind. This place has very nice ambiance (not to mention very romantic), very good location (just around the corner from our hotel), exceptional food and service and reasonable price. I also like the restaurant's name Angels with Bagpipes.
4	To be upfront, I have not eaten at AwB - I haven't even left the front room..  so granted, this review is somewhat skewed.  But from the looks of the place and menu, and attentiveness of the waitstaff and host while we just had a couple glasses of wine (great selection on that I can at least vouch for!) - I highly recommend making a reservation ASAP.
4	As it was Joe A. and my one year anniversary on Saturday, what better opportunity to try out Angels with Bagpipes! It had been on our radar for a while and now we've finally been.The staff are lovely and friendly. They are very polite and go out of their way to accommodate you, but without being over the top.The menu is mouthwatering and did not disappoint. I had a smoked salmon starter. The attention to detail was spot on. The piece of salmon was nice and chunky and garnished with bits of caviar, radishes, etc. Beautiful.For my main course I unusually (not a big meat eater) went for the lamb. It was cooked beautifully and was really tasty.Although I was pretty stuffed, I still managed to squeeze in a dessert of a chocolate orange mousse. It was nice but would have been nicer if it was a bit lighter. A bit too rich after the other courses.My only criticism would be that it was a bit chilly in there. Apart from that it was a nice, relaxing environment, friendly and down to earth staff, and the food was delicious. I wouldn't go here all the time, but it is nice for a special occasion :)
4	Lunch deal 14 pounds.Place is nice an audience also nice.Food was good, but could be better,Fois gras-very goodSalmon-ok-Chicken-boring no flavorBeef ribs- really goodI think this is a really good place so i like to return and thats why i give it 4 stars.
5	I have no doubts about giving this excellent restaurant just up the hill from St Giles five stars! The scallops were really wonderful and the sirloin was excellent. The sides of mashed carrots and greens were different and excellent. I particularly appreciated the very light dressing on the greens. We capped it off with a quite imaginative desert. The Romanian wine was very nice, the first glass we have ever encountered, anywhere. Finally, the service was exceptional. Enjoy!
4	This place really deserves a 4.5My stars...(5=epic "best of") (4=really tasty and want to go again and again) (3=good and will go back once in a while) (2=fair, might return for a visit if there was some glimmer of hope) (1=avoid at all costs)Go or No?  Go!Tease:  A local Edinburgh restaurant with a mix of traditional and modern Scottish food.  Why I went:   We found this place on Open Table when travelling through Edinburgh.  It was well rated.When:  Summer 2011Food:  I cannot recall what my wife ordered, but I had haggis raviolis in a scotch reduction sauce that were out of this world!  To the best of my recollection, everything we had was very tasty.Service:  Very efficient and friendly.Hints/Final thoughts:  Give this place a try!  It's fairly fancy and a great date spot!  The food is eclectic and tasty!
5	My boyfriend took me here for my 25th birthday as a surprise.  I had a lovely goat's cheese for a starter, a perfect steak for the main course and we shared a wonderful chocolate mousse with salted caramel and peanut butter ice cream.  The lights were dim and from where I sat you could look out on the twinkling lights in the window. Very good food and a cery romantic setting!  Maybe a bit pricey for us as students but worth it!
4	I'm from the US so I'm picky and must say that I have yet to find any memorable food in the UK.  The food and service here were good.  If we could give 3.5 stars..I would give this place 3.5.  That being said, I would go back here for the food.
4	Very good service, great food! Beautiful sweetbread with the lamb. To be honest, the first time I had a proper meal while being in the UK...
3	The ambiance here is great. The food presentation is great. The service is great as well and the above is why I give it 3 stars. The food was not all that though. Portions were very small and not that tasty. One person with us had the venison and liked it though. Tried the Hagas and it was good. Over priced place overall though. Again service was awesome though.
5	I've been here a few times now, it's my go-to restaurant when my family visit me in Edinburgh. Originally visited after a friend recommended it to me. Food is amazing, so well made and the atmosphere here is great - caters for all groups well. On my first visit I was dubious as there were a large group of hens- they didn't ruin the atmosphere (even though it's a small-ish restaurant), waiters were really attentive. A friend knew we were visiting and had pre-ordered a bottle of prosecco for us which was a really nice surprise! It's nice to visit for a romantic dinner or with friends. The service is great - such a pleasure dining here, and there's something for everyone on the menu.. Just wish the deserts were't so damn tasty!
4	Nice wine list, great service, excellent, modern food selections in the prix fixe.
4	Elegant, cozy atmosphere.  Attentive and friendly service.  We had the two-course fixed price meal.  Great flavors throughout.  A bit pricey overall, but it was a very nice dinner.  Easy location a short walk from the castle and other sights, across from St. Giles church.
4	I really liked it in here. They have a private-ish table which has a window onto the alley way which I tried to get but it was already reserved unfortunately. Next time I will try to book that table.Where I sat was not so nice - right by the front door and being mid December they were hosting multiple christmas parties for companies so large groups of people were coming through the doors and being a polite bunch they kept the doors open for the next person - even if they were on the other side of the street..... Making it nice and freezing for myself and the wife! I mean really, it was like a gale wind coming in. Why do restaurants have tables right by the doors - so close in face I could have probably held it open for them with a little stretch of the arm! It's not like they were short for space, they have 2 floors and many tables. Oh well - I'll get the private table next time hopefully.
4	4.5 star food and service. Went there for lunch, the seafood were delicious. Really enjoyed the place. (Try chow powder)
