2	While my experience was not as appalling as the previous reviewer's, I, too, can hardly recommend a meal at The Bayou.  But I did (after some thought) choose to give it two stars, rather than one, so let me explain why:The food wasn't terrible.  It was bland and uncreative.  I ordered the red beans and rice with andouille sausage.  The hearty portion of it that I was served was pretty good, but under-salted and perhaps under-seasoned, in general.  The highlight of the meal might have been our appetizer of Bourbon Hot Wings, which were nice and meaty with a good, spicy sauce coating them.What was really more atrocious than the food at The Bayou was the decor and the service.  Michael R. noted that the murals on the inside walls of the restaurant are tacky and touristy.  I'll give him that, but my bigger complaint was the furniture.  The restaurant is entirely indoors, and yet the only table/chair options are metal "grate" patio furniture!  Great for an evening outdoors (and necessary, I understand, if you need weather resistant pieces), but uncomfortable and unnecessary indoors. And the service was slow.  It took our server a long time to seat us, and to bring us our drinks.  The appetizer was slow coming out, as was the main course.  The time in between service and the obligatory check-in ("how is everything?") was long, as well, which was unfortunate because it meant that we didn't even get salt on our table until we were halfway through our main course.  The slow service also meant that when I was unsatisfied with my drink (I ordered an Old Fashioned.  What they served me was a watery glass of whiskey with seemingly no other flavoring), it took a while to exchange it (for the Nola Cola, which was actually quite good).Two stars or one, the bottom line on The Bayou is probably still: don't bother.
2	Even though my experience at the Bayou was extremely marginal, I did actually think the decor was entertaining and interesting, at least.  Sure, it's tacky and weird, but every now and then it's nice to go to a bar that looks a little different than every other bar in Madison.  That being said, I would recommend going for three very specific reasons: 1) outdoor seating- it's hard to find sometimes in this neighborhood, but generally guaranteed here, 2) the Cajun cheese curds- unlike any other I've ever had, gooey and a little spicy and a huge portion, 3) sweet potato fries- again, a generous portion and delicious.  Don't be in a hurry, though, or easily offended because the bartenders are slow, inconsiderate, and seemingly very inexperienced.
5	Recently went to the Bayou with a group of 20.  Quick service and good food.  I honestly think this is one of Madison hidden places!
5	OMG!!! This is the best place ever and I do mean ever. I have been in 3 time zones in the last three weeks from D.C. to Cali, and guess where I found the most inviting southern atmosphere, Madison, WI. Go Figure?Upon entering we were greeted with smiling faces and catered to as if we were the only patrons. It looked and felt as if we were actually in the French Quarters.OK, O.k. ,  the food, the food all I have to say is if you ever been to Nawlins you would know that this is not an imitation this Kat is the real deal. The other reviews must have gone on an off day, the food was yummy the service was delightful and the atmosphere inviting. Thank you Travis for bringing a little home to Madtown, OH, did I mention my familia  relocated from the 7th ward after the storm?I totally forgot our servers name however, Chi-town you were awesome.
4	Went to the Bayou on a Saturday night. It was a great volume level. it wasn't too busy but at the same time it wasn't empty. they had good drink specials and a very friendly server. The decor was really well done. the ever changing mood lighting is a really nice touch; however, not all of the looks are great. it's a great place to sit, have a few drinks, and enjoy everything around you.
3	Great drink list- must try the NOLA cola!  We started at the bar, had great service from the bartender- very friendly and quick to refill our drinks.  Ordered the sweet potato fries as an appetizer, which were interesting, in a good way.  They were served with a remoulade, spicy and tangy- yum!  We ended up eating upstairs, and while we thought the interior was really nicely done, the outdoor patio-style chairs (and umbrella!) were unnecessary additions.  Our server, April, was very good and helped with some recommendations about the menu.  We ended up getting a few dishes for the table and then sharing them, so we tried a little of everything.  The shrimp nachos were the most interesting, with large triangles of homemade tortilla chips.  The catfish po-boy was fine with a good fillet, although po-boys seem to always have way more bun than is necessary.  I'm not a fan of crabcakes, but I was told that they were OK, too.We'll be back, especially to drink, perhaps for another meal.
2	Went here on a Saturday night with a party of four.  Ambiance was pretty fun, but the food was very poor.  We were expecting flavorful, authentic New Orleans style cuisine, but instead got bland mush.  And halfway through our meal the lights went out for 3 or 4 minutes.  Our server was not concerned because apparently, it happens all the time.  Definetely will not go back.
4	While a lot of the previous reviews are negative, I for one didn't have such an appalling experience.  My friends and I stopped here after dinner one night and did so out of the blue because we were curious to see what it was like.The decor was amazing, I love how you feel like you are outside in a New Orleans street at night, as it got darker the little lights in the ceiling painted like a sky-scape began to twinkle.  The murals themselves are beautiful and whoever did them has a a wonderful talent.  New Orleans is eccentric and full of a rich cultural history and the murals, decorations and art are representative of that.I think it's clever that everyone relates back to being outside in a New Orleans street, including the tables and chairs which are what you would find on an outdoor patio.  We started with four of their drink specialties including the Purple Haze, The Hurricane and Flirtin for a Hurtin.  All were tasty and made quite quickly.While we were waiting, we decided to take their monster beer bong that resembles an octopus with eight legs.  It was hilarious and fun and gave us a chance to sample the incredible selection of Abita beer on tap.We threw a couple bucks at the jukebox and played the music we wanted to hear and enjoyed the cocktails and atmosphere for about an hour.  Halfway through we decided to be adventurous and try some fresh oysters and the bartender happily shucked four fresh ones for us.  (He offered to serve them "dirty" for us, which means dropping it into a shot of vodka.) We decided to hold off on that experience for next time.I thought the bartenders were helpful and nice and very accommodating.  We had a great time and I'm sure we'll try it again soon.
3	The decor at this place really bothered me.  I don't know if this is a regular thing or not, but the lights would dim every 5 minutes or so and we'd end up dining in the dark as the lights slowly came back on.  I think it was a consistent thing as the waitresses seemed prepared with flashlights.  Personally, I'd prefer to see my food.  I've been here twice.  The first time with a group of 6 other people and we all ordered drinks and shared our dishes.  We had oysters that time which we greatly enjoyed.  I had a mint julep which was delicious and I don't know of many places in Madison that even serve mint juleps.  The second time was just me and a friend and I ordered the fried catfish while my friend had the Jambalaya.  My catfish was good, nicely battered, well fried so that it was crispy on the outside and really juicy tender fish on the inside.  I thought it was a bit pricey for one piece of catfish though.  It came with sweet potato fries which were also very good.  My friend's Jambalaya came out barely lukewarm.  The temperature reminded me of sticking something from the fridge in the microwave just long enough for it to start to warm up but it's nowhere close to serving temperature.  A mention to the server and she was quick to reheat it.  The service was fine.  The waitress was nice but seemed still new as she wasn't sure how the menu worked, what sides came with with what dish, etc.  She had to come and go a couple of times to tell us the specials and find out the answers to our questions.  They had a special on some seasonal beers too that they were trying to move out which were only a buck or two.
3	Wednesday was one of those randomly glorious days in April in Wisconsin, and it seemed that everyone was out to enjoy it.  It was about 6pm, and we were looking for a place to have dinner outside, but basically anything near the capitol/State Street looked packed.  The Bayou had space, we were hungry, so we stopped.  I honestly expected it to be pretty bad, but it surprised me.First, their outdoor space, while not huge, is nice and on a relatively quiet street, which made a great place to chill and enjoy conversation and have a few drinks.  The server that we had was a bit of an oddball (funny sense of humor), but really nice and attentive.  (Could've been because he only had 2 or 3 tables, but whatever.)As noted by other reviewers, the sweet potato fries were pretty yummy.  The catfish was good, if a wee salty.  The vegetarian gumbo desperately needed a little more spice, though.  Pretty bland, but not offensive.  The other sides, green beans and salad, were tasty and fresh.  The real kicker, though, was the bread pudding.  I haven't had a lot of bread pudding, so I profess no expertise, but this stuff was damn good!  The inside of the restaurant was definitely interesting... I didn't spend enough time inside to be either offended or enchanted, but I could see how it could've gone either way, although it seemed more fun than creepy.  Overall, I'd probably stop again at The Bayou for a few drinks or dinner outside, but it's not one of my top choices.
5	Best Cajun in Madison. Authenic right down to the red beans!
4	Went with my husband last week when the weather was nice; we sat outside, so I really haven't seen the interior decor, but I plan to go back in the near future to remedy that.I have to wonder if they've made a concerted effort to respond to people's claims that the service is surly, because they were EXTREMELY friendly to us--something that I sometimes find annoying, but our server was very personable, so it didn't ring false.The sweet potato fries were delicious as promised--there are a lot of side items available with the sandwiches, but I'd be afraid nothing else would live up to those fries.  I had the turkey po' boy and was disappointed in the cheddar (seriously, does ANY cheddar on a melt actually taste like anything in this town?), but the turkey was seasoned well enough that it was still a good sandwich.  The french bread they use for the po' boys was also VERY nice, although the "dressed" version (tomatoes, pickles, lettuce) was SO stuffed that it was impossible to eat it without doing some serious deconstruction first.  My husband had the shrimp etouffe and said it was delicious.They also had $2 glasses of wine for happy hour; I had a glass of the sauvignon blanc and was quite pleased.  It wasn't AMAZING, but it was more than worth $2.  I also had a gin fizz, a drink I have always wanted to try, and enjoyed it very much, although the menu gives rather incomplete information about the ingredients--our server did make sure I wasn't allergic to eggs before making it, but I didn't realize it also had butter in it until I asked.  My husband ordered one with lime juice instead of lemon after our server mentioned the possibility, and thought it was just as good--I prefer the classic with lemon juice, but that's just a matter of personal taste.  An excellent dessert drink, and I look forward to trying more of their specialty cocktails in the future.Honestly, I wish I'd had a muffaletta instead of the turkey po' boy--it just seems more like one of their staple menu items, given the whole theme of the place.  I'll have to try it next time we're there.
4	Ok so the food was pretty good, though we only had appetizers. The fries and gravy and bacon were awesome, but only good in small quantities. It was a Monday night and the place got slammed as we walked in and they only had one waitress for about 8 tables. She was great and did extremely well considering. The crawfish and shrimp tacos were a steal at two bucks a piece.
3	They worked on this place forever!  Lived in the building next door and walked past it everyday for a long time watching it "in progress"After a lot of drama (neighborhood lady didn't want it there due to it being near residential spaces and a daycare) and financing issues, etc.  I don't think the final product is amazing.  It's just another place to bar hop to!A fun place nonetheless for the thematic element.  You are supposed to feel like you are on Bourbon St in New Orleans.  There are characters painted on the walls meant to seem to be standing on wrought-iron balconies.  The feeling of being outside, inside.  Confusing? Haha.Just go, you'll be amused and get a beer bong with 6 spigots!
5	Great place! Went for the first time last night.  Took my parents and sister here for dinner.  Place was pretty empty when we went...but we were there for an early dinner on Thursday and the weather was pretty bad out, I can definitely see it getting pretty crowded there normally.  Loved how the place was decorated, made it look like you were outside on Bourbon Street.  Waiter was super nice. Made us feel really welcome.Food and drinks were great all around.  Everything we ordered: gator bites, crawfish platter, fried shrimp po boy, jumbalaya, and red beans and rice.  Also, we unknowingly went when it was happy hour, so that was a pleasant surprise when we got the check....two dollar glasses of wine!! Definitely going back.  Random Note: From the sign on the door, they're not taking credit cards anymore starting November 1.
3	Really fun place - it definitely looks and feels like New Orleans.The food isn't AS good as legit New Orleans food, but does pretty well for being in Madison, Wisconsin - I particularly like the crab benedict on their brunch menuEvery time I have been here at night, it has been pretty low key, I kind of wish there were more people there, dancing and whatnot, it could be a great time.mega plus: they serve Abita beer which is delicious. They also have some classic New Orleans cocktails which is fun.I love the ceiling! at night, there are little lights that twinkle like the sky!
5	Very friendly server  Very good food with the perfect spice level.  Good absinthe cocktail :)
1	The fact that this place was half empty on a Saturday night should have been a hint, but we thought we'd give it a shot, since I love New Orleans food. After tasting the food I could see why others chose to dine elsewhere. The food was incredibly BLAND! When you think of food from New Orleans what should spring to mind is dishes full of flavor and SPICE. This was anything BUT. I ordered the Etouffe with shrimp. The mush that I was given was tasteless and literally made my stomach churn, not to mention only 5 smallish shrimp decorated the plate. The red beans and rice were equally disgusting-- even a healthy amount of Tabasco couldn't boost the flavor of this flavorless dish-- also the Andouille was clearly that of low quality. We also ordered the nachos which I thought were a sloppy mess for $12.99. Definitely not worth it. The cheese could have passed for Velveeta. The service was mediocre. We were asked if we would like dessert before our entrees even arrived. I will give them credit for comping $9 off our bill, since it was clear that we barely touched our entrees.Very, very disappointing. Never going there again and telling everyone I know to steer clear!
4	What a fun find! DecorFun! The Bayou has done a lovely job of recreating a French Quarter courtyard, complete with authentic shuttered doors in the appropriate shade of green, lots of plants (fake, but still pretty), iron-work balconies, a pebbled floor, and metal outdoor tables & chairs. I could have done without the 8-foot high jester statue and the painting of the woman about to take her shirt off, but overall the ambiance was authentic New Orleans courtyard.ServiceWe were greeted and seated promptly. Our main waitress was friendly, helpful, and efficient. Her replacement while she was on a break was short, unhelpful, and MIA for 10 minutes when we were ready to order dessert. I guess it depends on who you get.FoodDelicious and authentic. I had the jambalaya, and was a little disappointed to get the (uncommon in NOLA but still authentic) tomato-based kind. However, it was well done with just enough spice and plenty of seasoning, plus ample identifiable vegetables and a fabulous smoky sausage. My husband had the crawfish etoufee, which was creamy and rich, again with plenty of seasoning and reasonable heat.I have to take issue with other reviewers who say the food was bland because it wasn't spicy enough. Authentic New Orleans food, like food in most places, is spiced to the tastes of the eaters. Many, many dishes are made with only a hint of pepper or even no pepper. Kids eat in New Orleans too! What makes food authentic to New Orleans is the flavor combination of onions, bell peppers, and celery, plus any number of herbs and/or meats. It's always FLAVORFUL, not always spicy. The two dishes we tried had flavor to burn. I don't mind at all that they didn't burn my tongue.My only real issue with the food was dessert. We ordered bread pudding and a mini pecan pie. The pecan pie was mini indeed, maybe four bites, contained two pecans, and tasted stale. The bread pudding was an odd concoction of bread, sweet potato, and chocolate. It was yummy, but in New Orleans you'd find that in an avant garde bistro that's trying to be different - so, not what you're looking for if you miss New Orleans food. Both desserts had clearly been microwaved (tell-tale hot spots).We will definitely be back!
2	The decor is very unique.  It is like an indoor courtyard which is very distinctive and fun.  The country music was far too loud and it was definitely distracting.The po boy sandwich was great, but very difficult to eat.  Overall it was good and I will be back, they just need to tweak a little.
4	Great atmosphere and good Cajun food. They're one of the few places that has Abita (Louisiana made beer) on tap; 3 or 4 kinds!The negatives? One big one is that they serve their beer in hard plastic pints. No thank you, I'll take a grown up glass. But that was the only gripe; but it's a serious offense. The jumbalaya was the second best I had in the state, next to Craw Daddy's in Milwaukee.  Highly recommend, but of course...a little spicy (which is good!).
4	Delightful interior with Mardi Gras/Bourbon Street murals and a giant jester statue inside.  Bar area merges into the restaurant area.  Upstairs seating overlooks downstairs like a outdoor balcony looking down on a street cafe.  Mojitos, chicken and sausage Jambalaya, and sweet potato fries are good, as are the po'boys.  The food is not that spicy; more on the bland side when one thinks of Cajun.
4	Great sweet potato fries. Just incredible. That itself is reason enough to visit. However, I went for lunch and it was incredibly cold inside. Either they switched off the heat or their heater has problems, it was snowing outside and we were freezing inside. This is also the reason the food becomes cold very fast.
5	Went there for my husband's and my 7th year wedding anniversary just on a whim. I found it here on Yelp and took a gamble. I'm so glad I did, it was a fabulous experience! Who ever wrote any negative comments must have a stick up their butt or live on nasty McDonalds and have a bland pallet. I got a Creole dish and a Lady bug drink, my husband got some jambalaya and a jack and coke and our bill was only 31 bucks! Great food and drinks for a good price. We got our food out really fast too! The Lady Bug drink was really yummy, kind of reminded me of a jolly rancher but way better. The manager/bartender Miya was really nice and down to earth. We could have sat and talked to her for hours but it started to get busy. It was definitely worth driving to Madison to eat there, which is a 40 minute drive for us. My husband has history working in the food industry and he was also impressed. The food had that wonderful bite of spice but it was not over whelming so you can actually taste the food. The inside of the building is just cool. I think every time you go you could spot something new. I also noticed they have a really huge projector tv that they were showing the Badger football game. If my husband and I were more local I could picture us being locals to the bar. But I think we will still make day trips for lunch or dinner as a family due to the reasonable meal prices.
1	Food was reheated from yesterday.  Red beans and rice. We're runny and poor quality sausage.  Bread was dry and old at least two day old bread. Jambalaya chicken was dry and reheated from yesterday at best. Chicken dry. Would never go back
4	Some friends and I went here for restaurant week and it was fabulous!!!  Loved the atmosphere, it feels just like being in NOLA.  The food had a great cajun spicy kick and was served perfectly!!!  I had the cajun cheese curds which were amazing, I'm going to say the best in Madison!!! They have Purple Haze on tap which is one of my favorite beers!!! I will definitely go back!
2	My husband and I recently returned from a honeymoon in New Orleans craving the cuisine. At the Bayou, my po-boy was good but the oysters left much to be desired. There was some kind of coagulated cheese mess on the oysters and they were gritty. A major disappointment.
3	Almost never anyone there & had rather interesting drink choices. However, the service was awful. It took like 20 minutes to get our drinks even though there were 3 bartenders just standing around. Go if you'd like to be able to have a conversation, not if you'd like decent service.
5	A must on every trip back to Wisconsin.  The voodoo juice specials are always yummy, but the appetizers are killer.Cajun Cheese Curds, Sweet Potato Fries are a staple.  But all the food is really good and the staff is friendly.  It's a great place to go hang out with old friends.  I only wish they were in Las Vegas too for when I have a hankering for fried cheese curds.
5	Just returned from my second stop at the Bayou. I thought I reviewed this place before, but maybe not. Excellent experience - service was very well done plus very sincere and a happy disposition. Met family there - we tried three different PoBoys, shrimp, buffalo chicken and Gator! All three were quite good. The chicken actually had the best flavor, but it was a close call. We also tried the Gator gumbo which was light and spicy and very good. Add in Happy Hour prices on some signature beers - and you really have a decent place for dinner. The Brown ale we tried was quite good.
4	This would be a five-star joint based purely on the food.Cajun Cheese Curds? Why yes, I do in fact enjoy bursts of flavor with every bite.Chicken Sausage Jambalaya? Why yes, I also enjoy generous amounts of tender chicken and spiced sausages laid over a creamy bed of rice casserole immersed in a rich and spicy broth. Shrimp po-boy? Pieces of fried goodness laid over a bed of vegetables crammed inside two giant loaves of sandwich buns? Yes please! However, I had to deduct one star for their cocktail drinks. Having tried the voodoo juice and a few others, I can honestly say it's just not very good. First, everything's a tad too sweet. And by a tad, I mean like so overwhelmingly sweet that you can't taste any alcohol. Hey, don't get me wrong, I don't want my cocktails to taste like 151s, but there's a reason I didn't order a soda. Second, the syrup just tastes very artificial, and leaves a bad aftertaste in your mouth.Anyways, aside from that, the food was absolutely out of this world! Though, what's up with the DJ booth and the definitely-not-very-southern music playing in the background? Just curious, as it doesn't really match the theme.PS: adult trivia on Wednesday nights and even more adult trivia on Tuesday nights.
3	Cheap happy hour spot ($2 glasses of wine and cheap beer), plenty of seating (the place was empty, so accommodating a large group was no problem). Appetizers ordered were ok...cheese curds and sweet potato fries were good, but the "nachos" and artichoke dip were served with fried wontons rather than tortilla chips. Strange, and the menu doesn't mention this. Our group didn't order any entrees, so I can't comment on those.Staff was very friendly and attentive. New Orleans style decor needs to be updated, everything looks a little dated and cheesy.
4	Good food at a decent price. We went here for New Years. They had an adult xxx entertainment trivia night. I think some of us were a little uncomfortable with the atmosphere. But the service was 'okay.' And the food was 'decent.'
1	So don't be fooled by their "happy hour" because it is a huge scam. They only give you the happy hour if your at the bar, even if you start ordering at the bar and then sit at a table in the bar area. In our experience they were extremely rude, when a glass broke-- an accident that often happens at bars and restaurants--they were less than helpful and made our friend feel guilty for the accident. From our experience, customer service was sub-par.
5	loved it, great food and our server was friendly and helpful.  great looking place and worth the two hours I drove to get there!
3	For Madison, this place ain't so bad. The chargrilled oysters are very good and the crabcakes were delicious.My only complaint? The beignets. Those are the most god-awful beignets I've ever had. Nowhere near Cafe du Monde (as the menu claims). Just, no.Otherwise, it was pretty good.
5	This place doesn't have just good food, they have the BEST food in Madison, in my opinion.  I have always had friendly service, even if it is not always attentive.  But the food is what keeps me coming back.  This is the first choice for date night for my wife and I.  Get the NOLA BBQ Shrimp with extra bread.  Your mouth with burn but you can't stop eating them.  SOO good!  I always get the gumbo of the day, too, and have never been disappointed.
4	If you're looking for a downtown establishment that gives you a local haunt feel on a Saturday afternoon, then make a bee-line for The Bayou. One block off the 'Square', this Cajun New Orleans themed tavern is a great place to spend your time and money. Hopefully you'll be lucky enough to have Miya (My-ah) as your bar server. Friendly, knowledgeable (she knows her motorcycles!), and attentive, she'll make sure that you're well taken care of. I stopped in for one of their premier offerings, char-grilled oysters, topped with seasoned butter and melted Parmesan cheese. I paired that with one of their new tap beer offerings, Abita's Strawberry Harvest Lager, a seasonal harvest beer that will be there for a very short time (two half-barrels only!), which turned out to be the perfect choice. It had only an essence of strawberry and, for a beer anyway, was almost refreshing. The flavor of the seasoned oysters was truly brightened by the beer and it all combined for a wonderful Saturday afternoon.The menu at The Bayou will please any Cajun suffering from gastronomic homesickness. The Cajun Cheese Curds puts a spicy spin on a Badgerland classic and the Cajun Andouille Nachos will totally change your view of that south-of-the border staple. The Po' Boy sandwiches are excellent and might leave just enough room in your stomach for their infamous Red Beans & Rice. Just don't forget they also serve some of the best Jambalaya or Etouffee in Madison.Pair any of the preceding with their authentic New Orleans libations (I.e. Hurricane, Voodoo Juice) or their selection of Abita beers on tap, and you're more than well on your way to Laissez les bon temps rouler!
5	Oh, Bayou, how you toy with my heart. I lived in the south for a few years and this is the best place I've come across that mimics the southern taste. New Orlean's Take Out has nothing on the flavor of The Bayou. I would be more than happy to give a five star and become a regular if the prices were lowered. Alas, this place remains over priced. My first experience here was amazing. My friends and I talked with the person who was working at the time (we were the only ones in the place) and he was incredibly friendly! He tried to convince us to come to adult trivia, which I would love to go to. The prices really just keep me away. I live super close by to this place so usually when I get food here it's a pickup. My boyfriend is usually the one who places the calls, but he's complained to me multiple times about some lady being rude.As far as the beignets go, I have no idea if they're like Cafe du Monde. I never managed to make it to New Orleans which is something I regret and plan to fix in the very near future. After I have Cafe do Monde's I'll try to remember to update this review. That being said, I do like The Bayou's, but I don't know if they're the best thing ever.I love the look of the place! It's over the top, but in a way that fits New Olreans. I wish they would change the tables and seats. I understand it works perfect for the theme, I just don't like it for an indoor restaurant.Oh, I almost forgot! I really love their seasonal beers! I forget which I tried but it was delicious and the person working really helped me to figure out which I should get.Edit: I'm going to have to bump this up to a five star for a fantastic staff.
3	I tried the Chicken and Sausage Jambalaya and it was decent.  I've had better, but then I've had worse.  The heat was good, but I wanted a little more flavor.  I added some Tabasco (they have several different kinds of hot sauce which is nice) and that added more flavor.  The food was also prepared well.I had no problems with the wait staff and service was prompt.I really liked the music they had playing while I was there.  It reminded me of my college days and being in a bar (though I wasn't drinking which was much different than when I was in college) seemed appropriate with the music.
2	We showed up on Friday night at 7pm and there was no wait for a table. Sweet. What's not so sweet is the good news ends there. We ordered some waters, a cocktail and the Cajun Cheese curds. We didn't get our waters and cocktail until we were half way done with the curds. Not OK. Those things are salty man! My Pimms cup was served in a hard plastic that reminded me of middle school lunches. Classy.Our entrees  were OK my girlfriend had the fish tacos. They were pretty spicy but nothing too special. I had the catfish po boy with a side of sweet potato fries which were extra $. There were 7 fries. 7. I thought it was kinda ridiculous but the catfish po boy was huge. I didn't know how to eat it. I tried to smush it down but it was still too big to get my mouth around it. The bun was hard and maybe a little stale so that didn't make it any easier...Service was painfully slow. Food was average. There are too many other better places to warrant a second visit.
3	Good deals on drinks especially happy hour.  From the quality of bread, sandwiches and po boys will be a better selection than New Orleans Favorites.  To try, Bayou Gravy Fries (aka poutine), and Cajun Cheese Curds (can you go wrong with a Wisconsin favorite?).Duck Gumbo -- original.  Not bad.  Undercooked rice.  Overwhelming chili spice.Red Beans and Rice -- the Monday freebie portion is a cup.  Not bad.  Same undercooked rice.Chicken and Sausage Jambalaya -- stay away.  Plenty of dry chunky chicken.  Only 6 slices of perfectly pan seared andouille sausage.  Not much taste to it.  Soggy rice and plenty of it.Bayou Beignets -- it's a joke...whomever said that it's better than Cafe Du Monde.  Dough is too thick.  Right on the powder sugar portion.  The chocolate syrup makes the beignets soggy.  A waste of $$.Community Coffee (New Orleans Blend) -- the roasters totally forgot the chicory (that makes Cafe Du Monde latte special).Venue and Service -- clean.  The balcony is the place to be.  Service is pleasant, nice and thoughtful.What I had is not great, and already expected...however, go for Happy Hour.
2	We showed up on Friday night at 7pm and there was no wait for a table. Sweet. What's not so sweet is the good news ends there. We ordered some waters, a cocktail and the Cajun Cheese curds. We didn't get our waters and cocktail until we were half way done with the curds. Not OK. Those things are salty man! My Pimms cup was served in a hard plastic that reminded me of middle school lunches. Classy.Our entrees  were OK my girlfriend had the fish tacos. They were pretty spicy but nothing too special. I had the catfish po boy with a side of sweet potato fries which were extra $. There were 7 fries. 7. I thought it was kinda ridiculous but the catfish po boy was huge. I didn't know how to eat it. I tried to smush it down but it was still too big to get my mouth around it. The bun was hard and maybe a little stale so that didn't make it any easier...Service was painfully slow. Food was average. There are too many other better places to warrant a second visit.
5	This is probably the best Cajun restaurant in Madison. My favorite thing here is the Crawfish Etouffee. It's quite spicy.It was prepared differently than what I've had in New Orleans. But I think it tastes better the Bayou way.The ambiance is very similar to the French Quarter outside restaurants.
5	Great food, great service, great environment.  My go to restaurant when I come to Madison.
4	The immediate stench of stale beer was a bit worrisome but our overall experience was enjoyable. The indoor atmosphere of outdoor Bourbon Street is like no other! Steamboat was by far the most interesting drink I've tasted; vodka martini, spicy yet light and refreshing. BBQ shrimp appetizer was so flavorful and spicy, we had to take a small container home-thanks to the staff for suggestions on how to use it!
