5	I love James and Susan! I was referred to them by Stephanie at Auto Zone on Boulder. I have used them many times, even once to change my brake pads. They give fair prices and have a super "karma" attitude about things. They even helped me search Ebay for a part and saved hundreds...The Stuessy's are the only people I would ever refer people to for auto repair.
5	one of the best and fairest people on earth. My car broke down while working in Las Vegas. I call James and he came right away tried to get me on the road as fast as possible. Only one thing the car had eaten the timing chain gears and tensioners. No longer worth it to fix it (1999 Intrepid/140K) so james took care of it and got me a few bucks for it and enough to take care of his bill. He and his wife went way beyond what they had to do. So if you break down give them a call and have peace of mind.
5	First off I want to say thank you James and Robert for restoring my trust in my 2002 dodge durango.  For all of you looking for honest and extremely knowledgeable mechanics. Contact Karma!!!!  My only regret is that I did not know or hear about Karma sooner!!  Thanks again you have a repeat customer for life!
5	We called Karma as a referral from a friend. Needless to say, the work done was awesome. Very honest and reliable. More than the other mobile mechanic, Kenny's Mobile Service provided. I've changed my mechanic, and will refer this company to everyone Charlie was the best, and didn't mind that I watched him. I learned a lot this past weekend about my husband's truck!
5	Found this mobile mechanic service while browsing Yelp (of course!) and contacted Charlie to come take a look at my nissan and assess the damage. He communicated with me via text and was very prompt about letting me know what needed fixed, when the parts would be available and even working with me to collect payment as I work day shifts. He accepts payment in form of cash/check. As a woman that schedules these appointments, I felt safe and confident dealing with Charlie. Most importantly the conveniance of completing repairs on-the-go.
