5	Oh, how I miss this Goodwill store, which opened in September 2011. I moved to North Carolina in March 2012, and have not been able to find anything like it here. Large, clean, and very well organized, this store is thrift shop heaven. And it's all for a good cause: there's a job center right on site that helps people find work. Go on Thursdays, if you can, when a designated tag color is just $1. I've purchased a lot of name brand clothing here for $1 per piece. You can also check out certain Saturdays when everything in the store is half price. I got a great mirror that matched the dresser in my guest bedroom for $12.50. This place is so good, I would not be writing this review if I still lived in Arizona, because I would want to keep all the bargains to myself.
5	I JUST FOUND A BRAND NEW $29.99 LAWN MOWER!!!! And it works! The ladies that work here are great! Ok it makes me feel good seeing all the signs -- donate your shoes - give a guy a new foot up on life -- yea corny but maybe I am doing my part to help someone.
3	I got an original game boy for $6 and a Chris Weber Bullets jersey for $3 and a picture of an avocado for $1.50 (I love avocados and if you don't you have no soul), and a men's baseball jersey with the name "Heather" sowed onto the front.  Since then I've been back 6-7 times and found nothing.  Being a good location in Scottsdale you would think there would be more quality items but I've been disappointed too many times, this would of been a 4 star rating due to my previous treasures but after going back that last 6-7 times and finding nothing remotely good I had to drop the rating, hopefully it will improve later and I can "raise up" #peteypablo #clever
3	TIP: Half price day every other SaturdayThe store at 32nd street and Greenway was my go-to place for secondhand goods.  Being the closest store to Paradise Valley, I've found Prada shoes, Escada suits and tons of other brand name items over the years.  Quality has gone down over the past year or two.  More Goodwills have opened up, and even the rich have less.  But you can still find a good deal or two if you get lucky.  I like to stop by on random weekdays after work.  The store is quiet and you can shop in peace.
4	This location sells some cosmetics, scored some Donna Karan Delicious 3.4 oz perfume for $5 almost full! Some people get very weird about this place and camp out all day to literally snatch goods off of the stock cart when the employee wheels out new stuff. Not a good look people. Always good selection on housewares and furniture.
4	Good selection of golf shirts in the men's department. Go figure.
4	This place is vast and well-organized, with lots of great finds.  My husband and I came here to purchase clothes we wouldn't ordinarily wear (for cruiser ride costumes) and made out like bandits.  The prices were truly low .  I even picked up a cute shirt for $5 in a brand I like but am generally unwilling to shell out for (usually like $50 for a top).
4	The shopping experience in this store is very good - has a great selection and I've found some excellent deals. I would give them five stars, but I once had a terrible donating experience in which the employee was very rude to me. However, that may have just been an anomaly, because most of the employees I've interacted with have been pleasant.
3	Some cool stuff, but whomever is responsible for pricing some of the merchandise is out to lunch. If you want to pay 6$ for dirty kitchen canisters that prolly cost 6$ new, you'll do fine here. Or if you are a student, teacher, or military, in which case you get 25% off on Sundays, which almost makes some of the niftier items reasonable.
4	My favorite donation spot. The guys are super helpful in unloading the car. They are fast and get you in and out.
4	It is like most Goodwill of Central Az in that pricing is inconsistent, people are always pleasant and there are some good values. I buy certain things and will typically find a few things or nothing. It is interesting that a thrift store can be more friendly and accommodating than a conventional retailer.
