2	I write this review with a degree of sadness. Yoko's was a place I used to frequent at least once a week. Partly because I lived about 3 minutes away, and partly because it was quick, fast and tasty Japanese/Chinese food. Not authentic, but it was a good place to chow down on some Americanized Asian cuisine.That was 4 years ago. It's gone downhill since then. The place is still the same physically. But as far as food, they went from fresh, tasty chicken in their dishes to rubbery bland chicken. The sauces are not up to snuff anymore. It's evident they've switched suppliers for whatever reason and it's just not worth the trip.I think the place survives by virtue of Mesa High School being within walking distance of the place and not due to the quality of the food. It's edible, but that's about as far as it goes.
5	For fast food it's awesome... I moved to Los Angeles and I always think about going back to get some of my favorite dishes.Not only is the food great, the people who work there are really nice.I've never had any issues with the food quality and I've been there many times. If you're going to get take out or a quick bite. This is the place to go!
5	Thanks to this place, I can not enjoy Japanese take out food anywhere else in the entire Phoenix area.  This is your mom and pop's style restaurant that gives you much more for your dollar.  The quality and quantity of food that you get at this place is superior than your...let's say than like a Panda Express?  Let's just do a quick comparison of the Orange Chicken.Yoko's: you take a bite out of the deep fried chicken and you will find quality white meat.Panda: you take a bite out of the deep fried chicken and you will find a "what the hell is that??" type of meat.Enough said.Also, this is probably the only place you will find handmade gyoza (potstickers) in Arizona.  The owner prepares each gyoza filled with pork/vegetable stuffing and he also makes his own gyoza skin!  he rolls out each gyoza skin by hand, which is a lost art form.  For an order of 5, it'll run you about $6, but they are well worth it.  At other restaurants, you'll most likely find frozen gyozas from costco that are just deep fried.Again....enough said.
4	Very solid 4... and here's why not a 5...I hate when places charge an extra .50c for using a debit card, it's not credit, you don't get dinged for charging a debit card, quit charging me!  They also charge extra for refills if you want one... but they do have HUGE mongous cups so that's not a big worry.Pretty much the best orange chicken I've ever had though, and for a fast food type place - it's the best.  The sauce is just so damn good.  I've also had yaki soba from here and that was delishJust a quick good meal for lunch and/or dinner... been many times - I'll be back
4	Yoko is pretty good, prices are just right and service is friendly and prompt. I would recommend this to someone.
5	Living in Asia for 5 years, this tastes pretty good!
3	Better than average Asian food for a take-out restaurant. Get their crab angels though. DELICIOUS!
4	I love local run shops! I love when the owners are friendly with their cliental. This was my 1st time to Yoko, but I have to say I'm sure it won't be my last!   I ordered the orange chicken bowl, and now if you're thinking panda express chicken man you are off base. This is fresh orange chicken, with slices of fresh orange rinds in the sauce. It was a clean orange taste, very delish!  Was impressed.
5	I have been eating here for years and they are always great! This is one place that no matter what the food is always great!
3	Pretty good. Not great but good. I would return though and try other stuff. I do like that its locally owned and operated. I noticed that the people coming in seemed to be regulars and the customers seemed to know each other. Maybe I'll update my review after trying other stuff.
3	It's close, locally owned, and fast! I wanted to like them, so bad I went last week and again this week. Yakisoba ... Not bad, but it was better reheated actually. The layer of white rice underneath the noodles was half my portion and that was a bummer. As for the teriyaki, I picked it up on my way to work. Basically it was was grilled chicken with a few green onions and sesame seeds. Teriyaki with no teriyaki sauce? Strange.
5	Seriously good and good value. Went there for the first time this week because we saw it on a jog. The worker was very nice and informational and the food he suggested was amazing. Like others said the crab angels are a must!!!! We were told this place has been open for 19 years with the same owner and menu so it has to be good! It was so worth it!
2	So, I Had The Chicken Yakisoba (Chow Mein) I was not impressed at all. Sadly as soon as I took my first bite I knew I wasted my money. Didn't have enough chicken and  the noodles were over cooked the flavor could have been better. Now I'm now saying the place was horrible that's why I gave it two stars not just one. The atmosphere wasn't great either that should have turned me away in the first place but I had a friend that was telling me how good this place was so I gave it a shot. I will not go back
4	Authentically Japanese and super yummy! Friendly staff and quick service.
3	The brother and I used to frequent this restaurant as the food "really" is good. Fresh, tasty and generous portions. However....My brother stopped frequenting this place when he got home, realized he had received "dark meat" chicken when he specifically asked for white meat. I'm thinking.. No big deal. We're less than a mile away, quit bein a big baby and go have her change it. I'm sure it won't be a problem. WRONG. We return to the establishment only for the little old lady to get defensive when he tells her that he ordered something different. She actually "argues" with him telling him what he ordered instead of taking care of it. Me being completely self centered, every man for himself kinda guy (disgusting, I know) i shrug it off thinking..  We'll damn, glad they got my order right. He has refused to eat there since that day. I however continued to patronize the place like my dirty little secret, if the food wasn't so effing good and convenient. I kept it a secret to the brother knowing he was rioting then realized how much more enjoyable it was to just eat the delicious morsels in front of him slowly blowing the aroma his way and seeing his disgust.I frequented this place enough to the point of having a "Yoko" card in my wallet. I was super excited to have filled the card completely (10 previous meals) 11th free. I guarded this thing with my life like Smeagol in The Lord of the rings.  I couldn't give a flying f*** about the 6 bucks. Honestly. It was the fact I "earned" this meal and I wanted it so I drove out of my way to get it. I don't care who you are. "Everybody" loves something free especially when it is earned. I walk into this establishment, and peer over at the little old lady. I ask for a orange chicken bowl (all us white people eat the same shit) don't act like you don't know what I'm talking about.  I proceed to pull my golden ticket from my wallet glistening with 10 previous signatures of theirs awarding me my prize that's been nestled in my wallet. Little old lady looks at the card, doesn't say anything for 15 seconds then replies..  "This guy that signed this box (points to the 3rd box) has been gone for 5 years." I'm thinking in my head..   That's a shame, I don't care, I'm hungry, feed me. I made a comment how I must be getting old. Then realized she was being serious. I thought for a second maybe old lady enjoyed my company and threw a joke my way. Wrong again Preston. She didn't like your lame joke, and she didn't like your sole being of existence standing before her like you just gave her a counterfeit 50 dollar bill.  She continued to exclaim that the card was of no use to me because I "kept card in my wallet too long."  I explained to her that I have not even "lived" here for 5 years. I just discovered Yoko 1.5-2 years ago. She repeated the same thing several times which reminded me of when my DVD player freezes and repeats the same shit until you smack it. I slid my two $5 bills of the counter and proceeded to walk out while we continuously argued in front of other customers because she was determined to be the one in the right. It's a shame, as I being a business owner would "never" handle a customer in the same fashion.  And the "only" reason I gave 3 stars is because the son that basically runs the place is top notch. Remembers your name, what you usually order etc. And did I forget to mention the food is terrific?However, now I shall live in a world with the Soup Natzi within walking distance from my house.  My advice to anyone going there while she is on shift would be to walk in with your mouth shut, keep your head down, order, leave the corny jokes aside and be appreciative you get to eat that shit because she probably threw 10 other full grown men out of there that week so there would be room for you to enjoy your f****** meal.No soup for you!
1	I had the teriyaki chicken, which was pretty good and very flavorful. The cashier, who seemed to be the owners son, was rude and could not crack a smile or thank me for my business. He loudly spouted off his views on gun control, which I think as an associate was inappropriate. He also got into a verbal disagreement with the customer ahead of me due to the fact that the associate would not get off the phone with his father to assist the paying customer. He yelled at the customer and was extremely disrespectful. I didn't appreciate the way I was treated, and I can certainly find a chicken teriyaki elsewhere.
1	Food is not bad, but nothing great. My favorite is the Kaum Poong Key (garlic chicken). My biggest issue with this place is the customer service. I went in with the yoko club card which is their customer appreciation card. I was excited because with the current purchase I was going to have earned a free lunch. When I got there the lady ripped up my card and told me it was expired. She was so rude it makes me never want to eat there anymore. Their customer appreciation backfired on them.
3	I came from Utah to Arizona to spend time with my sister in law and my new niece, and she raved and claimed many good things about the food at Yoko's.  When we went, the service was a bit iffy.  They were a little impatient, especially after I said "I'm not from here, I've never been here, I have no idea what to order" many times, but I was expected to make a decision on the spot.  I had the teriyaki chicken and it was pretty good.  It was nothing to write home about, but it satisfied a Japanese craving I had.  While we were eating, the same rude and impatient lady who took our order came to our table and oo-ed and aw-ed over my niece, making things a little uncomfortable.  It was an alright experience, but it's not something I'd fly to Arizona to have again.
5	Food here is always fresh and really good! Locally owned, which I will always support! My favorite spot to catch grub when I'm in the area!
5	I'm from the Los Angeles area, the mecca of all good eats. So, believe me when I say this, there really isn't anything good to eat in Arizona.That said, Yoko is one of the very few places that I frequent when I'm in the area. It is definitely on par with, if not better than, most of the Asian/Japanese fast food joints in LA. Allow me to explain why this is the case.1. The food is freshly prepared from scratch. (In this day and age, few businesses can lay claim to this kind of practice because it is, dare I say it, honest) The orange chicken is my favorite item because, as names should suggest, the sauce is actually made with real oranges and the meat undeniably comes from chickens. I have asked the friendly, elderly Asian man (presumably the owner) on a number of occasions for the recipe for the awesome teriyaki sauce. No surprise, it is a closely guarded family secret - and with good reason.2. Some have commented about the decor of this establishment. I believe that this is a ridiculous criticism leveled at the restaurant owners. Take your pathetic sensitivity elsewhere. This is a casual, family-operated, fast food restaurant, not PF Chang's. (And if you're eating at PF Changs, I question your tastes) If anything, I am fond of the modest decor of Yoko because it isn't distracting. The owners have focused on bringing the customer an affordable, delicious meal. This is commendable. You should focus on your meal as well.3. The business is family-operated. The employees are genuine people and I always appreciate interacting with them at a level beyond my order. One reviewer commented that he/she was offended because an associate shared his/her gun control views. This is laughable. I guess freedom of speech stops short of restaurant and small business owners.Trust me on this one. Yoko provides excellent food and service at a reasonable price. It is definitely worth your time and money.
4	This place is good the only thing i dont like is the mushy rice... But besides that its good.
5	My husband and I love this place.  Nice, quiet fast food place with room to sit and enjoy your meal.  Very quick and friendly service.  Could not be happier with the quality and taste of the food.  Can't wait to go back!
1	Will never come to this place again. Don't even bother doing punch cards because the old lady will find an excuse to say is not valid.
5	Kaum pong kee Is my favorite but I also enjoy the orange chicken.  Their California rolls are also really good. The food is good and it's clean. That works for me.
4	Surprisingly good food, tucked in the mall close to the Little Einstein daycare. We ordered 2 regular dishes and one large order of Sukiyaki Beef! It's the best take out sukiyaki beef I've had ever!! Yummy! The chicken teriyaki is also very good, great sauce on top - just the right amount and I'm sure we are gonna love the yakisoba - I'm told they only use fresh soba! I will definitely come back to eat in and to order take out!
3	My wife loves this place,  me not so much. I like a good teriyaki chicken.  This place didn't have it. The teriyaki sauce is runny and just pools in the bottom of the bowl.  The vegetables had seen better days, some were obviously past their prime and the rice isn't what I have come to expect from an Asian restaurant;  It isn't sticky and is hard to eat with chop sticks. Disappointed,  yet reluctantly continue to go for my wife. That's true love there.
4	Whammy! If you enjoy inexpensive Japanese Cuisine like I do, then this is the place. This family operated establishment, from what I was told, has been in the business for over a decade and they have always held on to their signature style and flavor. Portions are great and inexpensive, and while that seem to deter the flavor- it certainly doesn't. Try it out!
5	Love love love Yoko's!!! I used to go here in college and high school. I moved away and finally went back 10 years later and the good still tastes the same! If it ain't broke, don't fix it! Food is delicious, my fav is the house of beef. Orange chicken and Kam paogee? Is good. So is their seafood bowl and their ragoons. Friendly people. Highly recommend!!!
2	I came here for the first time earlier this week since I was in the area and read the great reviews on Yelp, and was completely disappointed. I ordered the house chicken and the flavor was too overwhelming and the veggies were soggy. I also ordered their vegetarian roll and thought it was gross - instead of putting in a ton of veggies, all it had in it was avocado, cucumber, and cream cheese.. And about 90% of the filling was cream cheese....Cream cheese sushi = not cool.Seriously, go somewhere else.
5	First off I must say the portions and prices are amazing. I have been going here for about 6 years and must say I have yet to find better japanese fast food. I love getting there chicken Yakisoba extra spicy. They're one of the only places I know that but a bed of white rice underneath the noodles.
