4	Food was good.  I mean, nothing too special.  The place was a bit fancy with their nice water glasses.  Service wasn't too slow, although we were a group of 12 people.  The atmosphere is really nice: dim lights, decorative walls, and even a small fountain.What makes this place more special is the waiters and waitresses that sing.  Our waitress was one of the singers, and she sang with 2 other waitress.  We got to see another performance before with a waiter and a waitress.  They all had stunning voices, and performed beatifully.  I bet singing was a requirement for the job.  And I bet they get tons of tips too.
4	Took my sister to this place to try some French food on our first night in Vegas.One lesson I learned from the start is that if they ask you for water, make sure if you don't want to pay for a $7 bottle of Evian water that you just ask for regular water.  Now I must admit that Evian water is probably the best tasting water I've ever had, but in no way am I ever paying so much for water.The food made up for the debacle.  I had the veal, which was just right and the portion was huge.  My sister had the chicken pasta which was also great.  The noodles were just right.  During our meal, one of the employees went around the restaurant and serenaded us.  A nice touch.All in all, this was a great restaurant to start off my vacation in Vegas.
3	The inside was incredibly tacky, but the food was decent.  Hey, did you know that they sing here?  They do!  It's like Max's Opera Cafe but called something else with different food.  That was an interesting and unexpected touch.  Our waitress didn't sing though, so I dunno if they all do, or just some.The service was lukewarm but fairly efficient (we only had to ask for water once).  I started off with the bruschetta which was much sweeter than any other bruschetta I've had (clearly from the balsamico they used) and the bread was harder than diamonds.  I had to send it through a wood chipper before I could manage to bite down on it.  The bread they serve at the table is soft and delish though, so if you're thinking you want to kick your meal off with bread, I might just stick with that.From there I moved on to the goat cheese and spinach ravioli.  Served in a yummy, tangy pink sauce, I don't know how they get away with putting spinach in the name of the dish.  It was goat cheese ravioli (I wonder if they were house made, or just under cooked - they were incredibly firm on the edges), with a few wilty pieces of spinach on top in the sauce.  I can't quite put my finger on it, but this dish was too. . . . ??  Salty?  Intense?  Rich?  I'm not sure.  But I could only eat half, and where goat cheese is concerned that is totally unlike me.The mamacita's minestrone also featured undercooked beans, which meant she only ate half of her meal as well.The good news is, this leaves room for dessert!  I ordered the creme brulee and was sufficiently underwhelmed.  Now I remember why I never really liked the stuff.A wholehearted meh.  Plus a star for singing I suppose.
3	This place is really nice looking and fancy inside and pricey.We went for lunch and we payed 50 bucks for food that was just OK.They start off with a bread basket, a warm one with cheese tomato bread and french bread. It was really good!!!So my significant other ordered chicken pesto pasta and it was way too creamy, seemed like they put a whole carton of heavy cream or something. It would have been much better if they ease on the cream.I on the other hand ordered a chicken panini and it was not that bad. It was chicken breast with onions, tomatoes, lettuce, and pesto sauce on a ciabatta bread. Pretty good.
5	the peppered steak is delicious! i'm not much of a meat person so that says a lot. the service is wonderful and entertaining. well worth the wait!don't forget to leave room for dessert!
3	My friend and I decided to stop here for a quiet dinner before leaving vegas. We thought it would be great because it is on the way to the creperie- also a must. Awkwardly enough, it was an italian restaurant in Paris-but the food ended up being pretty great. I had the sea bass, and my friend had the open faced lobster ravioli. We were both very impressed by the seabass- which came with gnocci and olives. Also- the bread they serve before dinner is DELISH.  Service could have been better, but overall it was a good meal.
1	We came here because their buffet line was packed... I wish we starved ourselves instead. Our food seriously took 1+hr to arrive! You would think a Rigatoni Bolognese is simple, how can they f*ck this dish of mushrooms, sausages, and rigatoni up, right? WRONG! My dish came out looking like hamburger helper. I didn't see any sign of mushrooms or sausages; it was just rigatoni drowning in a chili-like sauce. Top it off, it didn't even taste good! Horrible, especially at $17!! Our party had other dishes that was horrible, including their seafood pasta, which didn't even have any sauce! When my friends asked, they just brought out a bowl of sauce... nice, what great service. I could've done better with a bottle of Ragu.
1	Mediocre food.  Horrible service.  Won't return.We asked, is the soup vegetarian?  I'll check, said the waitress.Then I watched as her fat ass basically stood around yapping with the other servers.  Meanwhile, we had no bread.  We asked, then the service came by and plopped a tiny piece of bread on each of our bread plates.  Umm, leave the basket you twit.Then the soup (for my wife) just shows up.  I say don't eat it, I guarantee it's chicken stock.  We ask the waitress.. oh yah, oh yah, I asked.  So then I ask a clueless looking, but helpful younger busboy - he says he'll go find out.  Comes back and says, CHICKEN STOCK.On top of all that we had to listen to the fat bitch sing some awful garbage.My own food was only mediocre.WILL NOT RETURN.(I think the dining choices in Paris are all severely lacking, which is weird considering the theme of the place.)
3	WAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYY overpriced. For those of you who are from / have been to Los Angeles, Le Provencal is like Miceli's food (complete with singing wait staff), at Chaya prices. Just... no.Alas, we ate here because we'd been walking for two hours in and around the Strip's hotels desperately trying to find something - anything - that could accommodate a vegetarian and a vegan. (As you may have heard, this is quite a feat in Vegas, which bewilders me since it's a major metropolitan *touristy* city, and it's effin' 2008!!! I mean would it kill these restaurants to offer one or two veggie-based dishes on their respective menus??? I'm not asking for anything fancy. You don't need to make me seitan. You don't even have to know what seitan is! But if you could get me some butterless-cheeseless vegetables either grilled, steamed, wrapped up in a tortilla, served alongside a carby-dish or as the dish *itself,* I swear, I would stop complaining and be ever-so-grateful. Oh, and stop adding meat and/or mayo to every salad. It's a SALAD, people. It's supposed to be mostly *green.*)/tangent.Ahh, Le Provencal.  We were so happy to see that you carried Gnocchi and Capellini Pomodoro, we didn't even care that it was total price gouging. We were *ecstatic* when we asked the waiter if the noodles had any egg and he checked and reported back "no, you're safe." Praise Jeebus!....And then we waited almost 40 minutes for the plates to arrive. In the meantime a Bread Maiden (go and you'll understand) arrived with two delicately-sliced baguette morsels for our bread plates (generous, no?) and even went so far as to pour the oil and vinegar into our extra bread plate for us. Without asking. Which I hate. Hospitality is one thing, but shouldn't you ASK if we're interested in getting dipping oil? Especially if you're going to make like Exxon Valdez and fill the plate with 97% oozing oil (and only 3% vinegar). ::sigh::Just as I was feeling faint from my overwalking and undereating, the food arrived. COVERED in shaved Parmesan cheese. This, after having no mention of cheese on the menu whatsoever. ...I swear, I almost burst into tears. I almost picked up the plate and threw it at our haughty-ultra-wannabe-French waiter in a fit of blinding rage. Luckily Justin, recognizing just by my changing expression that his girlfriend had just reverted to her 5 year-old self and was about to have a major meltdown, came to the recuse. In one swift movement he picked up two forks and pulled the top cheese-offending portion of my capellini off of my plate and onto his own, all the while murmuring "it's ok, it's ok.... look! there, done!" Bless my boyfriend. He saved me from having to throw down like Flava Flav's crazy reject, New York. And he also saved the waiter from receiving a serious head injury.So why three stars and not less? Actually, I'm not sure. We spent way too much money, way too much time waiting, the order wasn't right, and I froze in the overly aggressive air conditioning. Yet it was a cute place, and once the cheese was out of sight, my pasta wasn't bad. Plus they were quick to refill our drinks. Still, unless I was well-off and desperate for something edible, I doubt I'd return. Consider my review more like 2.5 stars. And also consider me generous. And blonde. And 5'10" like Heidi Klum.
1	the one and only star is for the delicious bread and the nice water server.we probably should've just made the bread and water our dinner, because everything else here was atrocious. the food was overpriced and nothing special. i've made better gnocci that didn't taste like they came from the frozen aisle at the supermarket. it was the service that left me completely appalled. our waiter reluctantly took our drink orders and didn't show up again for 15-20 minutes. it was not busy. he brought our wine bottle and left it unopened on our table while he strolled over to chat with the table next to ours. after a few minutes, he finally came back and uncorked the bottle, poured two of four glasses and PAUSED TO GAB WITH SOMEONE ELSE AGAIN before finishing. the rest of the time, he was condescending, unattentive and plain rude. i hope to god none of us tipped this jerk. i certainly woudn't, after his "service".
4	This place is pricey, but HEY - what do you expect?  This is Vegas!I visited this restaurant with my boyfriend last year after he recommended it to me.  I had the sea bass ($28) & instantly fell deeply in love with it.This year, we visited this place again for my friend's birthday.  I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass (different from last year), which came with Gnocchi, olives, and sun-dried tomatoes - very delicious ($28).  My boyfriend got the Rib-Eye Steak - also fantastic ($38)!  The server was attentive & very friendly.  She and the other servers did a great job surprising my friend with a birthday song (opera-style) & cake.  Also, every now & then... one or two servers will perform a wonderful opera number :)
1	We arrived in Vegas somewhat late and found that most of the restaurants close early (before 10pm)-for a city that's up all night that doesn't make any sense to me. We stayed in Paris, so we wandered around looking for a nearby restaurant. It was 10pm and Le Provencal was still open (until 10:30). The only good thing I can say about the place is that it was open when we walked in. The food quality was less than a Denny's and the price outrageous. For 2 entrees 2 salads and 2 ice teas our bill was about $60. If the food had been decent quality I could have said, well that's just Vegas, but $60 for undercooked, no flavor food is bad. The service was mediocre. The guy came by put oil and vinegar out for bread dipping then came by with a large basket of bread and placed one small cold piece of bread in front of each of us and that was it. Forget eating at Paris late at night, go down to the Venetian and eat at the Grand Lux, much better food, service and price.
1	Next time, light some candles and play Marvin Gaye before you screw me.I've been here before, but for some reason I decided to give it another chance.  Kind of like that ex-boyfriend who dumps you but then happens to call you out of the blue when his friends are visiting (he wants to show them he's dating someone really cool) and tells you to wear heels and a short dress and then introduces you as his trophy GIRLFRIEND but dumps you AGAIN when his friends fly back home and you end up feeling even WORSE than when he dumped you the FIRST time.  Phew, you catch that?!Anyhoo... this is the second time that the hostess wouldn't seat us outside when all of the tables were available.  Pretentious waitstaff, rubbery pizza, wilted salad, tasty bread (but they'll only bring you one piece, so grab a big one from the basket), prices in line with the area but NOT justified by the lack of quality fare.I should have learned my lesson the first time.  --end rant--The espresso bean gelato was delicious.
4	I would have given 5 stars but my pizza wasn't quite up to par but everything else was excellent.  Service was great, out waiter was attentive, and knowledgeable.  We had the seabass, ribeye, and of the pizza with chicken and artichokes.  Pizza crust was thicker that I liked overall the pizza didn't have much flavor.  My mom LOVED her seabass and my stepdad enjoyed his ribeye.  For dessert we had the banana crepe which was delicious and huge, 3 people were able to easily share it.  The decor in here is part of what makes this place so charming.  Midway through dinner another server started singing in what I think was opera which was a nice touch.I would def. come here again since the atmosphere was so approachable and the prices were extremely reasonable. Their wine list also had a good selection.
1	This was the worst most expensive dinner I have had. We went here because I had a $75 credit from a package deal so why not? Well, a couple mistakes, I order a glass of champagne, and get a bottle...including bottle price. second, my boyfriend and I both order pasta, (and really how hard is it to screw up pasta), but alas, it was so tasteless, luke warm, and chewy that we could not finish it. And 3rd, an appetizer to start the meal, prosciutto wrapped chicken, was so salty and I had nearly swallowed the salt shaker to make the saltiness go away. NEVER AGAIN.
4	i rather  enjoyed  this place. Odd  to have italian food in a french themed hotel  but  hey,  that's life ! i went in early evening  around 6pm and got seated  quickly at a table  for one -  they had no problem  with that  and i never felt second rate because i  was not a couple .... the waiter was very attentive ! even to pouring my beer for me  LOL ! the bread dip was cool   and i had  the spagetti carbonara  which was just right  both in portion and  in taste ! i was in  an eat and run mood  so i skipped  desert .... i would try  this place again   if  i came in early evening
1	You know how when you go to vegas your standards get dramatically lower than normal... that douche wearing Ed Hardy looks sort of attractive, the techno music sounds a tad better, and you honestly think that $20 dress was a good purchase. Well, the one place our standards don't waiver is FOOD. I guess Le Provencal didn't get that memo. For $74 bucks (w/tip) this was our Friday night dinner:For starters we ordered a caesar salad with dressing on the side and the white bean soup with parmesan and sausage. The soup was decent but what the hell with the salad man! Every piece of lettuce had brown around the ends... I guess it's good to know they don't sprinkle sulfates on it to keep it looking fresh but COME ON! That's just wrong. Not to mention the croutons were stale and strangely soft! They fell apart in my mouth like a piece of wood termites had been eating! WFT? For the entree, we got the margharita flatbread and the mushroom risotto. The flatbread was ok... I think TGI Fridays might do a tastier version. For the risotto, I asked for no parmesan, so they over compensated with about 10 cloves (sliced) of raw to semi-cooked garlic and stringy over-cooked white onion. What kind of chef thinks "sauteed onions rings in risotto... genius!" It was disgusting. Oh and I'm sure our waiter collects miniature action figures and has been featured on 'To Catch a Predator." Sweet tea and cookies anyone?
1	This is not the place to come to if you are craving authentic Italian fare.  Linguini Portofino was bland and tastelessSpaghetti Carbonara looked disgusting after it cooled down a little due to the hardening of the bacon fatCalamari appetizer had more green beans than calamari and what was in it of the calamari was undercooked and mushyNot sure how this place stays in business
4	Singing was okay, the food was good, especially the ravioli, and the prices seemed fine.
1	Went here with my family on a Monday night - party of 8.  We waited about an hour and a half for our food - while there was a huge line outside and empty tables inside!  More than half our dishes were cold or inedible!  2 people got the duck special - it was so rare it bled on the plate.  After sending it back to be cooked a little more, it came back hot, but the gnocchi and spinach on the side was ice cold.  1 person just ordered angel hair pasta with tomato sauce and received cold pasta - in the middle of it was a clump of pasta all stuck together without sauce.  1 persons order never came out with the rest of the orders.  We heard a waiter tell another table that they have cut back staff and now the service is always this poor - food was being sent back.  Another waiter said the wait for dessert crepes was now 45 minutes.Please do not eat here! Especially for the price, it was not worth it.
4	We went last night (Sat evening about 8:30 pm) and were seated immediately and got great attentive & friendly service.  The restaurant wasn't too crowded which seemed strange for NYE weekend.  I ordered the Mushroom Risotto with wilted Spinach and roasted Asparagus side dish.  The risotto had a nice mushroom flavor.  My friend ordered the Spaghetti Carbonara.  He liked it but I don't eat meat so couldn't tell you if it was good or not (he has lower food flavor standards than I do).  My entree was delicious and I have to say it was the hottest (heat-wise) entree I have ever gotten.  We ordered the sorbet for dessert.  It was three little scoops of coconut, mango and raspberry and was wonderful.I had low expectations coming in and was very pleasantly surprised.  Price was about right for casual fine dining.As an aside it was funny that when I ordered a glass of Zinfandel the waiter kept referring to it as "red" Zinfandel, which threw me off a little.  Then I asked if he kept saying that to people because they thought they were getting "white" zinfandel and were disappointed and he said "yes"...
1	We made the big mistake to come here because the wait for the Paris buffet was longer than we were willing to wait.  Although I looked up the yelp reviews for this place and saw the comments on the poor service, I was hoping that our experience would be different.  Oh, how wrong I was.It took forever to get anything done- our order, our appetizers, and our main course.  I think it took at least 45 minutes to get our appetizers and another 45 minutes to get our main course.  We could see our main courses sitting under the heat lamps for at least 15 minutes and the food was consequently overcooked and terrible.  We would have eaten better food at McD's, but at $30-40 per person, this was completely atrocious.  The waiter did not check on us after we received our food or else we would have given him a piece of our mind.  The only positive about going here is that I learned not to go against the yelp reviews!
4	Perhaps Le Provencal has been reading their terrible Yelp reviews. We had a delightful meal here after my foodie father recommended the place. We were seated immediately and our server took our drink order right away. This was quickly followed by a basket with a variety or fresh breads with and olive oil and vinegar dipping sauce. My partner and his friend opted for the pris fixe menu and had salads (one caesar, one house) and salmon. I am an occasional fish eater who has always had a dislike for salmon. I tried a bite of my partner's salmon and I must say it was the best I have ever tried. I ordered the calamari and putanesca flat bread for the table and both were delicious. The calamari was very lightly breaded and cooked to perfection. Unlike previous reviews we had mounds of calamari to  the green beans. I ordered the angel hair pomodoro and while it wasn't the best I've had, it was good. Our waiter was very attentive without being intrusive, and provided what I consider to be above average service. We only had to sit through one song performed by a waitress. While her voice was very good and I liked her song, the microphone amplified her voice too much and was too loud. Thankfully that did not go on too long and we were quickly back to our delicious meal. Overall we really like Le Provencal and are looking forward to trying the crepes out front tomorrow.
3	Stumbled upon this years ago. Have to say their italian fare was flat at best. BUT......we had the best escargot we have ever had. Lots of little morsels in a creamy sauce with a hint of licorice or anise or? Just fabulous. So we stop here when in the area for a lunch of escargot, some crusty bread and a couple glasses of crisp wine.  Don't know if they deserve the stars for this one dish...but they are heaven.
3	This place started off shakey when I was waiting in line when clearly there were many open tables. This ain't no club Le Provencal! No need for the long lines and bouncers at the front. Alas my Dad was dead set on going here bc of his grumbling tummy and dislike for walking anymore. Finally we get seated...scarf down the bread (which was pretty yummy - nice, soft and chewy). They had this special set menu which 2 people got (appetizer of soup or salad, entree of fish, pasta, or chicken, and a desert of sorbet and cookies). I just ordered the Nicoise salad bc I wasn't too hungry and someone else got the tuscan white bean soup and salad. The food wasn't mindblowing but the key here is I think I got exactly what I paid for - hence the A-OK. It wasn't expensive, the food was tasty (I actually really enjoyed the salad and wished it was a tad bigger, the soup was a bit salty, but the pasta was yummy and the salmon was cooked well), pretty good sized portions and service (after the line) was great. Our waitress was the sweet lady who midway through our meal turned into the singing waitress...a little odd I'll admit but hey, more power to her for getting her spot of fame even if it's in a little restaurant.
1	For the price you are paying here, you expect quality food. What I got at Le Provencal was faux Italian food that was neither tasty nor special. My friends and I were looking for a good meal for dinner before we hit the town during Memorial Day weekend, and my buddy wanted a sit down restaurant while I wanted to grab something on the go (Le Creperie next door sounded so good). But we ended up choosing this place. We split the escargot and the calamari for appetizers, and I ordered the Sun-dried tomato chicken pesto flatbread with a side of penne mariana since I was told the portions here were on the small side (which is somewhat expected in Vegas). My flatbread came out what seemed like an hour after I ordered, and the it was very bland, had little flavor, and was lukewarm. I could not even taste the pesto, and the chicken itself was very dry. I figure that the pizza was left on the counter over the heating lamps for a long time before they brought it out. The side pasta dish was not that interesting either, the penne pasta was definitely overcooked and the sauce itself was very much like a canned tomato sauce with some pepper flakes added to it. Kinda made me regret coming here for dinner when it did was nothing to brag about.Service here was very slow and almost kind of snooty. Because we were a group of college kids, we had to split our bill. Although I appreciated our waiter doing that for us, we had already tipped properly and started to leave until the waiter flagged me down and asked if we had tipped yet and reviewed the receipt with me. Of course we tip at any restaurant, why wouldn't we? Even if service was terrible, I would still tip the right amount. This really put a damper on my mood. Overall, I don't expect to come to this place anytime again, but I will definitely try the crepes next door or the buffet across from us next time I am in Paris.
2	Went there with a party of 9 and they refused to seat us together. Service was awefull and food took over an hour. They were not busy.   Some people liked the food, some didn't. My spaghetti carbonale was very dry, not good at all.  Definitely don't recommend this place.  they just didn't seem to care.
4	From the outside this looks unassuming. However, once inside it opens up to a large restaurant room. The service was excellent. The food was good but couldn't quite decide if it wanted to be French or Italian. That comment aside, the food was very good. We chose the prix fix menu and found it quite good. Overall, We enjoyed a quiet (for Las Vegas) enjoyable meal.
2	I sort of got dragged into going to this restaurant by some co-workers. It looked somewhat "swanky" what with the wood paneled walls and soft lighting The prices were moderate ($8-12 for appetizers and $25-35 for entrees).  Anyway, the service was OK but that was more the fault of the management since the waitress had too many tables but the food, blase. I ordered the flat-bread pizza which was greasy and spongy and my appetizers were just OK (lobster bisque was too creamy and rich and the bruschetta was not crispy nor the toppings very flavorful).  Take my advise and skip Le Provencal.
3	3.5 stars. Don't get whats up with all the bad reviews, I actually liked this place!My gfs and I were searching for a place to have a nice dinner. We're super indecisive, and ended up making a reservation here because we were staying just upstairs and it was easiest.Their cuisine is french-italian, like the food is in the Provencal area in France. We started with their bruschetta, two had tomato and the other two had olive tepanade. Tasty and fresh, but they piled on so much toppings that it kept falling off! The bread was a little on the hard side too, but still yummy. The spring salad was heavily dressed, slightly on the salty side. Then we shared the seafood pasta and the rigatoni with mushrooms. The seafood pasta was very good, but the sauce was a little salty too. Plus one of the clams was still closed :( The rigatoni was very good, but the sauce was heavy on the garlic. No buenos for partying later!! We also ordered their raspberry mojitos for only $6!! Super tasty and refreshing. Our waitress was also very nice and friendly. Overall, I'd say the meal was pretty good, it all came out to ~$84 for the 3 of us.
3	Went here the one day I was on the strip.  It was not that exciting, but I do like that there are singing waiters.  I was a little misled by the brochure in my hotel room saying that the waitstaff was a singing one dressed in peasant garb.  They were dressed in typical waitstaff style with a collared shirt, slacks, and apron...don't know how that's peasanty, but oh well.  And as far as the singing goes, only 2 of the servers sang...and only one song was sung while we were there...and we were there for an hour and a half.Our server was nice and friendly, but food did take a little long.  The food was not that exciting either.  I think the greatest thing about this place was that they had set meals that come with soup or salad, entree, dessert, and a glass of wine for only 28$.
4	We were trying to figure out where to spend my dad's birthday dinner, so we decided to give this place a try.  The hostess was not the most friendliest, but I just ignored her.  Once seated we ordered the pre-fixe menu for $28, which included a house wine.  That's a pretty excellent deal in Vegas!  We all ordered the caeser salad; the portion was big and was really good.  For the entree, we all got the salmon with mashed potatoes and asparagus.  It was cooked perfectly!  It was soo delicious.  Lastly, for dessert, there was a variety of sorbets.  It was really good also.  We all walked out holding our tummys cos there was soo much food.  I almost forgot...they start you off with a basket full of breads.  Oh yum!  The bread was warm right out of the oven...sooo good.  Our server was very friendly, but the service was a tad slow.  However, in europe, service tends to be slow, so I figured that was what they were trying to do.  Overall, I would return here again.  I did not feel it was as bad as some of the other reviews.
1	Zero if possible. Really I send both menu items back and you don't apologize. The halibut actually smelled like a strip club, that fishy bleach odor that makes you put dollar bills on spray tan skanks.
2	Did they let Chef Boy R Dee run the kitchen here? Save your money. Even the McDonalds of pasta, Olive Garden, has this place beat out. And the Host at the door might think her rude attitude is somehow cute and "French" but it isn't.
4	Not too bad.Yes, it comes off as a gourmet restaurant and does have upscale pricing on many of the menu items, but I am just going to review off our 1 sole experience.We had Le Provencal special. $28 per person/specialChoice of Caesar Salad, Salad Le Provencal (Mixed Green Salad), or Tuscan White Bean Soup.Choice of entree: Parmesan Crusted ChickenGrilled Salmon Fillet "Scampi"Capellini PomodoroSpaghetti CarbonaraChoice of house white or red wine.Dessert - Raspberry and Coconut sorbet.It's supposed to be Tuscan style food. I'm not so sure of this but it was good nonetheless.The decor was nice. We were seated by the fountain against the wall, which contributed to the atmosphere.There was a classical guitar player that did several nice renditions of popular tunes done a la classical guitar style, nice touch.The house wine - I can't remember the brand or year.I had the Cabernet Sauvignon, my date had a Chardonnay.The Cabernet was flavorful and smooth.The Chardonnay was dry. Both were pretty decent.The Tuscan White Bean Soup, savory and a nice portion - pretty good. 4 starsCaesar Salad, very garlic-y and a nice portion, also good. 4 starsParmesan Crusted Chicken - Unlike places that bread the hell out of the chicken breast. It was nice that you could tell the chicken breast was crusted with actual parmesan. It had that nice crunch, not the kind you get with cornmeal or panko breading.The fingerling potatoes were nice and crisp.All covered in the artichoke and mushroom ragout -pulled the dish together as a whole. It was a very complementary dish.Also a very large portion, you get 2 breast pieces. 3.5 starsGrilled Salmon Fillet "Scampi" - Flavorful and tender salmon filet, garlic mashed potatoes and blanched asparagus. This dish was also very complementary, the mashed potatoes went perfectly with the salmon. The asparagus was a little too crunchy for me, but I know some ppl prefer that. 4 stars.Raspberry and Coconut sorbet A small scoop of each with a ribbon of dark chocolate on a bed of freeze-dried ice cream?http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freeze-dried_ice_creamI believe that's what it was, kinda chalky but melts in your mouth.The sorbet was good and actually went really well with the chocolate. Not sure what I think of the freeze-dried ice cream but it did give it added texture.Overview:I'm giving this place 4 stars for the 1 time experience.Service - 4 starsValue - 4 starsAmbiance - 4 starsFood - 4 stars
2	went there during the week for light late even appetizers.lobster bisque way too creamy and not all that.fried calamari was all stuck together and fused. also a bit too tough.mussels? are you kidding me, too fish tasting and the arrabiata sauce you could see the quarter sized tomatoes that were obviously from a can!
1	To start with, we did not even get water for over 5 minutes.  Bread came at abot15minutesand we finally saw a waiter after almost 20 minutes but he was waiting on the table next to us and they were seated well after us. When the waiter got around to us he was complaining that the kitchen was all screwed up and they did not have enough wait. He didn't apologize, buthedid say it would be awhile before we saw our food  the next time we saw him was when he dropped off our check and he asked if my steak had been cooked properly. I said that it was a little under done and his response was that he had been getting complaintsthatthesteaks were overdone. Skip the place. The food is not worth the headache.
4	I was in Vegas the weekend before Christmas and apparently many restaurants close this week since it's so slow. My friend and I stumbled upon Le Povencal, after visiting 5 other casino's and we were pleasantly surprised. We didnt have to wait, even though it was saturday night. The hostess greeted us warmly and was very polite.The service was great. I wasn't expecting to have personalized service in Vegas, especially in a hotel. I can't remember our servers name, but she said she had worked there for several years. She accomodated any and all of our requests (food allergy substitutions, wine reccomendations ect..) with an upbeat, friendly, and knowledgable manner. She was an absolute delight and really made our night! To top it off, we had the pleasure of her singing with another male server. What a treat, dinner and a show!The food was delish! The jumbo cheese ravioli with brown butter is amazing! The cheese antipast platter was perfect. The Caprese fresh and delightful! Even the house salad was great.Compliments to the chef and thanks for giving me a great place to come back to and bring family and friends. Keep up the great job, and mostly, thank you for a great dinner and wonderful evening!
4	I actually liked it.  I had the ribeye which was real tasty.Good flavor.  The sides weren't too memorable (I ate here back in 2008).
4	We had dinner here because there was no line.I ordered the 3 course meal which includes a glass of wine, salad, choice of entree and dessert.  Salad was ok, The chicken marsala was moist and flavorful and marinated well and i really love the dessert. The place also looks good.
3	I give it a 3 stars because although the environment is very nice and quite romantic (we went there for our Valentines' diner :) the service is okay and the food as well.The woman at the entrance seemed to be annoyed by her job and was not very nice and our waitress although nice was always in a rush.My husband chose the 39.$ menu while I chose A la Carte. To go with the menu I believe is a good choice, the soup was pretty good, and my husband enjoyed his chicken marsala, the chocolate desert was yummy, the menu also comes with a glass of wine. My escargots were very disappointing, first of all they came without their shells (you would NEVER see escargots served without their shells in a Parisian restaurant), they seemed to be washed too quickly and were mixed in a weird over creamy sauce that made them taste even chewer... This was the first time that my stomach got turned down so badly from escargots...I also got the Carbonara spaghetti which were also disappointing: spaghetti not al dente and the sauce had a taste of chicken broth... :(
2	Overwhelming price, underwhelming food!The place has beautiful ambiance and high prices, but the food quality was sub-par. We tried the calamari which was greasy, the bread was stale, and the $28 halibut en papillote tasted like dirty dishwater. The only thing that was any good was the lobster bisque but not the best I've ever had by a stretch. This is definitely a no-go. There are way better places to spend money on food in Vegas.
2	Met out of town family for dinner.We ordered French Fries (which had to be sent back, it was the one item that was requested to be crispy "standing at attention crispy and hot")Calamari (good, but did not come with normal lemon or cocktail sauce)Fish (good)Prime Rib (very good)Shrimp Scampi (terrible very salty and cold)Cheese Cake (which crumbled each time you put a fork to it, never seen  that before)Creme Brulee (good)It was pretty empty (6:30pm on Thurs), we had some very specific request and the waiter was visible frustrated when one item was sent back.   I really wanted to send back my plate, it was over loaded with salt but the it was not worth the waiters response.  When we ordered dessert and coffee it took forever to come.  Will never go back too many place to eat in this town.
2	Le Provencal used to be my must go to restaurant when I would be in Las Vegas. Their calamari was lightly battered and crispy and the rib eye was perfectly broiled and juicy. The menu has changed and the food is not what it used to be. I'm quite disappointed but there are so many other options when you're in Las Vegas for great apps and steaks!
4	This place was amazing! You need to try their chocolate mousse, their prices are not bad either, we order off the prix fixe menu and were VERY surprised on how wonderful everything tasted, service was great, courteous and quick, will go back over and over.
1	KEEP AWAY!!! Le Provencal is a complete disaster of a tourist trap restaurant. Maybe at 1/4 f the price it would have been OK, but personally I still would have been embarrassed to serve such food no matter what price.My meal consisted of soggy fat drenched translucent french fries, an over cooked tough as leather "new york strip" and a wilted salad. By far the best part of the meal was the pre meal bread even though the olive oil a balsamic vinegar where substandard (bread was OK) Normally I would have sent my meal back, but judging form the rest of the food served at our table there would have not been much point on doing so.I have had GREAT dining experiences in Vegas for the same price or less. Do yourself a favor and EAT SOMEWHERE ELSE
3	Eh.Atmosphere was very nice, set in a "streets of Paris" area just off the Paris casino.  It was decorated nice, and looked like a very nice restaurant.Prices were a little high, but you expect that in Vegas.  Food was ok.  I was hoping for better food for the price.Caesar salad dressing was practically flavorless. Spaghetti Carbonara didn't have enough sauce. Chocolate Trio dessert - SPECTACULAR.I guess it just wasn't good enough to warrant the prices they were charging - but it was fine.
3	The pre dinner bread was good but not great lacking a sea salt or herbs for the oil and vinegar, the caprezi was fresh and flavorful though a little sea salt would give more punch to the flavors. The Ribeye was perfectly cooked though it could have been a bit warmer the sauce was great. My wife had the Parmesean encrusted chicken needed lemon even though the chicken was well cooked with a good sauce. The waiter Kassim was quick and attentive even though he seemed to have a couple difficult tables in addition to ours. The food portions were generous but in the price range they could have been better quality cuts of meat. The overall experience was good however so three stars.
1	The dinner was less than stellar.. I've had microwave dinners that had more flavor. The spaghetti and pasta was extremely plain and lacking in flavor. Horrible.
1	This is a French restaurant that is confused and thinks that it's Italian. Food is not worth the money...or any money for that matter...Service wasn't good either.
4	I was apprehensive based on some of the reviews but ate here twice during our stay and really enjoyed it. Wait was minimal, staff were friendly and attentive, and the food (flat bread pizzas and mussels as an appetizer) was great.Pretty good value too considering its located in a strip casino
1	With all the other restaurants around, this was a waste of time. Prices too high for the quality of the food. Dinner bread & Caesar salad were the positives of our meal.I ordered the New York strip with pomme frittes - this was an okay steak but with frozen cafeteria style French fries! No homemade stuff for $30! Ridiculous. My husband ordered the pre-fixe menu for $29.99 that consisted of Spaghetti with meatballs, choice of soup or salad, wine & dessert. Both our meals were not worth the prices they demanded and were very bland to the taste. We expected a little more from this place.We had been to the other restaurants on the property and by far Mon Ami Gabi takes the cake. Don't waste your money on this one! The buffet would have been much better altogether or the sandwich shop next door.
2	Food.... So, so... skip.There are better deals out there.The service at the time we where here was good. Our waitress is a good singer. She sings Christmas carols.
2	These reviews are dead-on when it comes to the food and price. Wish we had checked the Yelp app on my phone before eating here. The food is bland at best and craves a healthy punch of spice and flavor. While the Le Provencal website actually boasts a $15 per person average check the people here on Yelp have it correct...it's on the pricey side. Expect to pay about $28 per person all while being underwhelmed by the food and atmosphere. Yes, the atmosphere, can you say drab, dull, boring? The best thing was the service. They were all pleasant and on top of things throughout the meal. I would suggest skipping this place if you have the choice. There are so many better options in Vegas for the same price.
2	The menu at Le Provencal needs a Gordon Ramsey intervention.Believe what other people are saying about this restaurant.I ordered the mushroom risotto and it tasted like bland mush.  As a result I only ended up eating half of my meal.A couple of the servers turned on the microphones and sang a few songs which was cheesy and it they were way too loud in this small restaurant.  We couldn't hear each other when we spoke.For Paris Casino, this is a pitiful excuse for a restaurant.They have an excellent (but overpriced) bakery next door which is well worth checking out.If you have time to plan in advance, book a table at Mon Am Gabi instead.  You won't be disappointed.  Expect good quality food and slightly higher prices but overall you will be rewarded with a very good dining experience.
2	I was disappointed with the food at this restaurant. For the prices on the menu, you deserve better than overcooked, dried out chicken marsala and a caesar salad that is nothing but a wedge with some dressing on top. The dessert was rich and delectable, though.
4	A colleague and I were on a business trip in Vegas last weekend.  We were wandering around the strip and found this restaurant.  (~$28 per person) The special sounded good, and frankly for Vegas the price was reasonable.  We both had the white bean and italian sausage soup and enjoyed it.  The salmon was wonderful....cooked perfectly with a light sauce.  Grilled asparagus and new potatoes.  The dessert was a chocolate mousse like pastry that was also excellent.  This was actually one of the better meals that I've had in Vegas and the service was spot on.  Could not have asked for a better execution.
4	I've eaten at Le Provencal in Paris casino Las Vegas twice and was very impressed.I have some food sensitivities and I asked the hostess if the chef could alter one of the dishes. They brought the head chef out to speak with me and he was able to make a modification for me. When my food was brought out, the chef came out to confirm that everything was ok with respect to my special request.Anyways, both times the food was excellent. We ordered garlic bread, pastas, and salad. As mentioned above, the service and attention to detail was very much appreciated.
2	An inviting place, but the food is just so-so. Their brick oven flat bread is clearly not from a brick oven and doughy. The portions are pretty small and their prices are very large. Service is slow but friendly. Prices are very high for the quality even by Vegas standards. Grab a slice of pizza at the place next door.
5	My friends and I recently dined here during our stay at Paris. What a great experience. First off, the wait was only ten minutes for a Thursday evening; fabulous! Everywhere else was at least an hour. The host was very friendly and was very prompt to seat guests. First impression: very old school fine dining French style restaurant with an open kitchen. The smells drafting through the restaurant were that of sweet bread baking at that moment. We were greeted by Francisco an Lupita with drink preferences, the evening specials, and that fresh bread I could smell baking. I ordered the crab cake and the lobster bisque soup over lobster ravioli for my boyfriend. When they arrived I wish I would have ordered the soup! Nothing against the crab cake because that was perfectly delicious with its crispy exterior along with a mushroom and sun- dried tomato reduction. The soup was just phenomenal! Not too salty like most tend to be. The ravioli were a great touch.  Even better with bread dipping! For dinner came the Veal scallopini with an asparagus-mushroom sauce over mashed potatoes. My friends had the filet Mingnon with bordelaise sauce and the king crab legs (which were completely over priced at $60 for a pound but were still good quality and taste), and sides of spaghgetti with marinara sauce. The steak was a little over cooked, more like medium  than medium rare but still delicious with the flavorful sauce. My veal was Amazing! A bit heavy on the salt for me would be my only criticism.  Perfectly satisfying!The entire time Lupita and Francisco were there for our every need and were nothing but smiles and kindness!I would definitely recommend any guests of Vegas to try this restaurant for delicious French Provence cuisine with outstanding service!
1	I'm trying to think of 1 good thing about our meal experience here. Went with my family and no one loved their food.  Some things were ok and some were disappointing. Lobster bisque, nah.  Pasta meh, salad was ok.  Garlic bread was good.  Anyways, I will not be back here.
3	Came here to enjoy a nice dinner while in las Vegas. There really wasn't much of a selection of beverages and the wine menu was atrocious! I ordered the 3 course meal for $49, I received a generous portion of mussels ( I hate mussels I ordered them for my boyfriend) they came in some sort of marinara sauce which is very weird to say the least. However, per my boyfriend they were pretty good. My main course I got the strip with garlic mashed potatoes and fettuccine Alfredo. Steak was cooked exactly how I wanted, mashed potatoes delish, Alfredo eh not the greatest but still decent. My boyfriend ordered the 8oz filet Oscar style and a side of asparagus. He loved everything about his and that was $40 for the steak alone, $5 for the asparagus and the $10 up charge to go Oscar style. For dessert that was included in my 3 courses we got the berries in an amaretto cream sauce which was to die for! All in all the food was Pretty good, but for a French restaurant they again had no wine or champagne selection.
3	This restaurant was okay. I had the lobster bisque and the nicoise salad, both of which I liked. The boyfriend had a the prie fixe meal for 49 with a steak, two pasta dishes and mussels. They were all pretty good. The service was pretty bad. A couple times we had dishes come to our table that weren't ours and the waiters were outwardly frustrated. Really good food wasted by bad service IMO. For the price point they are charging here, the service needs to step it up! Otherwise pretty good experience.
3	This place was pretty good.  I came on a weekday but the wait was still pretty long.  The only gripe I had about this place was the service.  The service was really limited.  The two people that were taking our order and bringing us things seemed very VERY busy and because of that our cups were empty a couple of times.The food was very good.  We ordered: Creamy Chicken Penne with Pesto ($19), Prosciutto ($10 Olive Oil and Garlic, Prosciutto, Fresh Mozzarella,Arugula, Parmesan), and an appetizer Crab Cake.  Split between two people this was more than enough to eat and we actually had leftovers.  They gave us bread with the meal as well (which is to be expected).The pasta wasn't anything amazing but it was good.  The crab cake was the best part of the whole meal which was surprising since it was an Italian restaurant but it was REEEALLY GOOD.  And the prosciutto pizza was delicious as well.  The waiting was worth it because it made the food taste even better.  They had two people acting as hostess which was strange because our server and our waitress were both stressed out and busy.  They should hire extra help so that their staff doesn't feel stressed out or look crazy busy.  I will probably never come here again but that's just because it didn't knock-my-socks-off and there are tons of other places to try in Vegas.
1	The service was fine until we showed our waitress the Groupon..... After that, we waited a half an hour after we finished our meal before we got any attention- we had planned on ordering a dessert but ran out of time. The pesto pasta was decent, the risotto was watery and had very little flavor. I would not return at full price. If you purchase the groupon, make sure to hide it until the last moment. I am a frequent grouponer and this was, unfortunately, one of the very few less than satisfactory experiences I have had.
4	The food was good but the service was really slow. People that were seated after us got their food before us. But aside from that, the bread given to us when we were seated was yummy. I ordered the seafood pasta which was okay. Felt as though the mussels could have been cleaned better. Overall, it was pretty good.
1	We went over the weekend at this restaurant and the overall experience was not great at all. I usually feel bad giving one star knowing that the restaurant sometime can be off, but in this occasion nothing went right. Two of my friends had big chewy pieces of chicken in their pasta. One had a seafood pasta (which was okay but very tasteless). Two of my other friends had a steak that was really not cooked like they requested (almost like switch orders or took someone else order). They replaced both steaks but when the steaks came back, one was the wrong cut with a sauce and mushroom which was even more suprising. All the manager offered was to replate the steak missing the point that it wasnt the right cut.But the worst of all was that the manager seen completely but completely overwhelmed with this situation. The manager never came back to the table again. All we got was credits for the food and one was still on the bill at first.I just want to let you know that I will never go back.Hope this helps....Hope the Casino reads this.
1	We first tried Le Provencal about 5 years ago, and we really enjoyed it that's why we decided to have dinner there last week.  While we were looking at the menu, I noticed that the menu had more Italian food on there than French.  So I asked the waitress about this and she indicated they had to tailor it for the customers, and that Provence was close to Italy.  Okay people....go to an Italian restaurant then!!We had the Caesar salad to start, and the dressing was really good. We decided to order the Bouillabaisse for 2. The presentation was impressive being served in a very large cauldron, but the shell fish was small and the fish was tough.  The service was nothing to brag about, because she had to wait on so many tables.The kitchen was quite loud, and you could hear things being dropped.We will not be going back.
1	We went there last week because there was a line in Le Village Buffet. This was the big mistake.Honestly I expected more because of the location but it was the WORST experience in my entire trip.When we arrived the restaurant, there were two waitresses who were not paying attention to the customer at all. First they told us to wait in the line but there were so many empty tables and we still waited about 10 min. (For the record, people behind of us were also complaining about this)After we ordered our dishes (Mashroom risotto, calamari, escargo) it took over an HOUR (I am not exaggerating) to bring just an apetizer. I hoped that the risotto taste better but it tasted horrible... it was actually the worst risotto I've ever tasted. It tasted so bad I only had 3 bites and left the remaining. Calamari was very oily and not crunchy. I was not happy with the escargo appetizer as well.I am never going back to this place.....
2	Service slow. Food just okay. Won't come back
3	They had a $40 prie fixe that was hard to beat on our hungry stomaches.Good choices of sides and main (appetizers and desserts are more limited, but they're fine).I had the Mixed Meat main - lamb, filet and sausage.  A little off for me, since my "medium-rare" request turned into a medium filet and rare lamb chop.  And the sausage is very spicy.The sides standout - mushrooms and onions, creamed spinach, mac 'n cheese, all winners.Dessert was a hit - fresh berries and cream, chocolate cake.Really tasty butter along with the complimentary bread.Earnest service.  I might try them again, but probably not for dinner.
1	We will not be coming back here. We were given a Groupon 20 for 40 from a friend & thought we would try it. The menu online looked interesting. So we made reservations. When we got there there are no instructions that guests with reservations don't have to wait in the line. Oh we'll no biggie. Well we were seated and pretty much ignored us for 15 minutes. We ordered drinks finally & that was the last time we were provided anything to drink. At the 30 minute mark we got the appetizers. The lukewarm lobster bisque had no lobster at all & 2 ravioli at the bottom of a fairly large bowl. The ceasar salad was one half of a heart of romaine lettuce cut all the way down the middle including the core (yuck). We had to cut that off & then cut up the 'salad' to make it eatable. 45-55 minutes into the meal we get the veal we ordered as the main entree & unfortunately it had an odd taste to it so I couldn't finish mine. The waiter took another 10-15 minutes to even ask how the meal was (mind you we haven't had anything to drink in a while either) and he gave me just enough time to nod but little else. 10 more minutes he comes flying by us and we asked for the tab but he didn't acknowledge us. However 8 more minutes & he came with the tab & mentioned our Groupon discount dropped off the box. We packed up like lightening and left a pathetic tip for pathetic service. I felt bad because I know how much the tips mean but I hardly saw this guy. The service was way too long, no refills on our drinks, and even the GM looked right at us as we were getting more & more frustrated with the service and never once came over. I can honestly see no reason to go back to this place as the service was 1 star, the quality was 2 stars and nothing on the menu seemed really stand out (that you couldn't get a more excellent option elsewhere).
1	We had $75 in gift cards for numerous restaurants on the strip.  We happened to be in the Paris hotel and were hungry and looked at the lunch menu, which looked appealling.  We decied to try it.  We ordered a beer and the french onion soup, which was outstanding!  The outstanding part stopped there!  We had to flag down our waiter for another drink and refills on water.  We waited at least 45 minutes for our meal, which we ordered sauteed mushrooms, which came cold, a beef dip and strip steak with bernaise.  The whole meal was cold and the steak was tough.  Our server never checked on us and our LUNCH meal was $90!!!  Luckily we had a $75 voucher!  Pricey, terrible service and bad food!
1	This place is overpriced, overrated, food is VERY mediocre, staff/service is lukewarm at best. We won't be back, please don't bother.
3	We used a groupon here and figured it would be an excuse to hang out on the strip. I'm not quite sure why it's described as a "french" restaurant on yelp because its certainly Italian. They offer a selection of antipasti and pizza napoletano...so I think that is an error.Anyway, we were seated immediately near a corner fountain. The interior is somewhat nice and our waitress was friendly. We decided to share one of the three course meals because we figured it would be enough food for two moderate appetites and we were indeed correct. They started us out with mussels simmered in a marinara flavored sauce. They were chewy and well flavored-- I really have no complaints about them other than that the sauce seemed a bit runny by the time they got to us. We gobbled them up in no time and soon were treated to the new york strip steak. We had chosen garlic potatoes and fettucine alfredo as our sides. Both were adequate-- I liked that the potatoes had just a hint of garlic flavor to them and weren't overpowering. The fettucine was cooked just right-- not too soggy. The sauce was a bit light but this was welcome.  As for the steak itself, it was cooked perfectly and had an even medium rare red strip throughout the body. This is typical of new york steaks of course, because the consistency of the meat does not vary appreciably throughout the cut. The seasoning was similar to what I've had when ordering steak at other italian restaurants.The dessert however, really impressed me. We chose the Tiramisu and I honestly can't remember the last time I had some as good as this. I'm assuming they bake it in house but if not, I'd sure like to find out where they got it from.Bottom line: We had a favorable experience here and with our groupon we were very satisfied with the value recieved. I would rate them as a 3.5--they fall just short of a 4 because I ultimately didn't feel they had a standout quality that would make me return to pay full price here. No complaints about service, food was cooked well, dessert was the highlight. But there are just too many good italian restaurants for this spot to stick out.
5	dinner in Paris... Las Vegas that is :)Creamy chicken penne with pesto was sooo tasty! Roasted chicken, sun-dried tomatoes tossed in a light pesto cream sauce... need I say more! Yummy! Came with a loaf of bread and two breadsticks with dipping oil to start you off. Even sweeter deal that we used a Groupon offer and our whole dinner was free! Sweet! Keith was our waiter and he was an awesome, elderly gentleman. Couldn't have asked for a more pleasant evening!
2	I really wanted to like Le Provencal, and went there while staying at the Paris without prior Yelping, so wasn't influenced by other reviews...but, my experience was lackluster for the price.  The physical environment is nice, sort of French-Italian country and I was seated quickly at 5:30pm.  The drinks and salad (salad-le-provencal) and bread came quickly.  The salad was ...strange.  The menu didn't mention olives but it had tons, which made the dish very salty, and it was over-drenched with dressing.  Then, there was a looong wait for the entree (Filet Mignon) which was overcooked and lukewarm.  The side (a la carte) of spinach was fine and piping hot.  I'm not sure what the issue is, as the restaurant wasn't that crowded and there was an army of chefs in the kitchen madly cooking away.  There seems to be a consistency and pacing issue here.The manager came by to ask how everything was and I mentioned the issue with my steak...to her credit she did not bat an eye and offered to get me another one, but I settled on a dessert (tiramisu, which was good) instead and I appreciated the effort.  The service was very good, no complaints there.
1	Waiter sucks ass. Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small. Two meals cost us around $40 and we left hungry. The best part of the meal was the FREE bread, that's about it. This place sucks when it comes to customer service. Took us 30 minutes to order. Fuck this place.
3	Came here for New Years Eve dinner. Didn't realize it was a prix fix menu for ~$75 and since we were in a bind in terms of finding restaurants that were open for New Years eve, we decided to just eat there. Unfortunately, one of our group members was a vegetarian and almost all their options on the menu were meat based. They were able to accommodate her, in that she was able to choose the items (a salad,soup, and dessert)  that weren't meat based and they would charge her the la carte price. The food was certainly not the best that I've had. I had their tomato soup, which was rich in texture and taste. My entree was a chicken medallion wrapped with prosciutto with other side dishes. The chicken was so dry and ruined my appetite. There was nothing on the dish that could have made it less dry so I ended up not finishing it. Their dessert was an assortment of sweets. There were macaroons, chocolate mousse cakes, and a jello type dessert. I can only comment on the mousse cake, which was delicious. It was just the amount of sweet. I'm not a macaroon or jello person so I didn't eat them and we were all pretty full. After eating here, I felt pretty ripped off. The meal I had should not have been worth that price. Most likely not coming back.
5	We were intrigued by the carbonara, on the menu outside of the door. We have travelled a lot this year, and carbonara is one of my husbands favorites. In Italy, except for one restaurant, it was disappointing, even to the point of having to return scrambled eggs on pasta back to the kitchen. Shame on you Rome! Had a reasonable one in New York, but, then the waiter came over with powdered parmesan. Sad. We were invited to sit by a charming manager, (AJ) who was really charming to watch. He is the epitomy of front of house, checking on tables, and being very attentive. Our waitress (Florence) was great. We even "tested" her a bit, and she rose to the challenge. (We both worked in restaurants for years, and recognize really good service. WIne refilled at the perfect time, attentive without being cloying, friendly but efficient. The crab cakes were full of sweet, perfectly spiced (well, just a tad of salt maybe, but almost perfect. My clams Arriabatta were perfectly seasoned, and the clams still had that lovely fresh from the ocean saltiness and tender. The carbonara was exactly what we were looking for, al dente noodles lightly swathed in the perfect carbonara, with a lovely applewood bacon. The veal was nicely seasoned, not too saucy, and a nicely dressed whipped potato. And it seemed that there were many satisfied customers that night, because for some strange reason, there was laughter all over the place. Infectious happiness all around. Wish this place was at home, where service and properly cooked carbonara is rare...You know, it's hard to give a perfect five for a restaurant, but we couldn't find one thing wrong with this place, at least not on the night we were there! We loved it and I'd feel guilty dropping this to four. It deserves a five!
1	Don't waste your time! So many good restaurants in Las Vegas and this is NOT one of them. Service was slow and the food looked good on the menu but tasted seriously bland. The portions were very small, like a child's plate.  Our party of 6 were all disappointed.  Sad, because we were trying to celebrate a birthday and this restaurant didn't deliver :(  If I knew how to give a minus rating I would...
2	Very romantic restaurant.Food and service is really just FAIR and mediocre, not Provence authentic at all (YES I've been to Provence 4 times).Pasta is not fresh, nor is it that tasty.Another Disney like theme restaurant in Paris Paris hotel... find a better Italian off the strip as I found 1 thats run by Sicilian family 5 miles away frequented by locals.They get you in and out without much pizzaz.Wham bam thank you madam, now get out.
5	Thought we try this place and we were pleasantly surprised!  $49 for 3 course meal - ribeye was so tasty and soft.  Cooked to perfection. Tiramisu was a delectable delight!  Magherita pizza was very well done-cheese was very soft and tasty, tomatoes sweet and fresh!  Chopped salad - so refreshing and fresh!! Best find!! Late post - March 2012
2	Slow and inattentive service. Flatbread and Parmesan chicken were good but not great. Asked for a coke and got diet coke. Waitress didn't come back to check on us til it was time for the check.
2	Terrible food quality. It used to be good. Now neither French nor Italian. Waiter is also clueless. Don't waste your time or money here! Giving it 2 stars for the musician and quick service. Eat here only if starving to death in Las Vegas.
3	It took me a while to write this review because this restaurant was honestly forgettable. We thankfully came with a groupon because our meal was definitely not worth the original price. The convenience of eating in the Paris hotel strip mall was pretty cool, but I think the decor in the place lacked a little class. For Vegas, and a million restaurants everywhere you turn, they really have to step it up a bit if they want to compete. Our server did a good job, and the manager walked around to check on customers, which I appreciated.
4	My mom and I came here after seeing a show, and since the prices for dinner were moderate, and the crepe place was full, we sat down and decided to try something new.First off the service was amazing. The waiter was very nice and attentive, plus he was sincere in holding conversations. We got the cheesy garlic bread as an appetizer- holy fish fries, this this is AMAZING. I could have been satisfied just with eating this for dinner. It comes with fresh marinara sauce, which I usually do not like, but this one was pretty darn good.My mom got a seafood pasta, and I chose the Lobster Bisque. The portions for her pasta were huge, and she ended up having to take some home, but my soup was pretty small, but oh so creamy and tasty! I don't know if it is because it was made with a thick cream, or what, but this soup was to die for. All in all it was a nice time out, and a great new place to eat at.
2	Went here for New years eve dinner. I was like, hmmm I am in Vegas, I need somewhere to eat before the party, this place still has reservations available? Lets try it!! Then I realized.... yup, they still have reservations on new years eve because..... HENCE THE 2 stars.Food sucked, waiting took forever even though the place was not busy. Not the place u want to be enjoying ur last meal before the year end. Just my 2cents. Will try this place again on a normal dinner nite to see if my experience changes.
4	We were in LV celebrating one of our dear friends' birthday.  There were 12 of us in our party for an early dinner (as were going to catch The Jersey Boys). We were seated promptly and served refreshments. Lovely. We were served warm bread and olive oil/balsamic vin for dipping. Our server had an 'accent' (although not Italiani) that added to the ambience : ). Liked the airy big room with soft bright lights that accentuated the pseudo rustic/modern look. The place seemed clutter-free, a rest for thine eyes from the busyness of the Paris mall and everywhere else in Vegas.Our party ordered an assortment of entree ranging from salmon scampi, linguine with seafood, oxtail risotto (not crazy about that), bouillabaisse, and I ordered the roasted chicken with au jus and fingerling potatoes. The chicken was moist and flavorful. The sauce tasted like the au jus was infused with some wine reduction and awakened with some roasted garlic and garnished with some garlic slivers and micro greens. Loved it!Now for dessert: I loved the Chocolate, Nogatine, Praline - I would go there just to get the dessert.  It was nicely done with the roasted hazelnuts, the dark chocolate masquerading the silky, creamy chocolate with ribbons of the nougat and the subtle praline in the bottom.  Yummmm!  Reminded me a bit of the Viking of Extraordinary desserts (that's another topic).  One of our friends ordered the symphony and I got to sample Le Opera torte and I thought it wasn't bad at all. Almost like what we did back in culinary school.  Bravo for the desserts I got to try.I don't get the 2 star reviews.  Am glad I didn't get that experience here. Next in our agenda:  The Jersey Boys.....
2	After a long day of walking the Vegas strip on 05/17/13 I told my wife that I was in the mood for some italian (Particularly some pasta because I didn't have any in a long time).I decided we should try this place out for dinner since this was located right in our hotel.Upon arriving we were greeted by the hostess and seated immediately. We looked over the menu as we sat and waited for our server to come to take our order. The server arrives after about 10-15 minutes and takes our drink order. After 5 minutes or so another employee brings out our drinks. By this time we are ready to order but our server has disappeared.Finally after about another 10-15 minutes our server arrives and finally takes our order. My wife ordered the Creamy Chicken Penne with Pesto and I ordered the Spaghetti Carbonara. When the meals arrived we started eating within a few moments my wife and I began looking at each other like we had telekineses. Both understanding from our facial expressions that neither of our pastas were awesome.After a few moments of reading each other's mind we asked each other how did we like our respective meal. My wife went first and said her pasta and the chicken was bland and only had flavor because of the pesto. I too told her that my pasta was bland and I even forgot that my dish even came with bacon because it was buried at the bottom of the dish. Sigh.I feel that because this is an italian restaurant they should have executed the pasta meals flawlessly in taste. They did fine in presentation but not so much with the actual taste.I mean the food wasn't nasty but it wasn't mind blowing either. If you come to this place you may want to try something else on the menu because the pasta wasn't anything special.
2	Stay away from this place. It is very overpriced and food is thought edible but tastes very blah. We were 6 people at the table today. Hoped for a nice dinner.I think Olive garden would be better then that.
3	Was with some friends from out of town that were seeing a show at Paris, so we stopped by for a quick bite. We sat "outside" and had a nice view of the people walking through the hotel.Our waiter was really attentive and the service was excellent. The food was good, but was overpriced and left me hungry. I tried the Affumicata flat bread and enjoyed every bite. While very flavorful and delicious, I left the table half full and wanting more.If you are looking for a quality Italian place on the strip, this restaurant is not the worst choice you can make. Just be prepared to spend some coin and to crave food about an hour after leaving the table.
2	Poor service and lack luster items..nothing special about the food since everything was just basic Italian food. It's all right as a basic place to eat after jersey boys!
1	The garlic bread was very flavorful with melted Parmesan cheese and a chilled spicy marinara sauce. It was a bit surprising to have this cool and not all hot but the flavored overcame the unexpected temperatures. The bruschetta was unremarkable with little flavor, missing salt and just the tomato texture to even remind you what it was supposed to be. My mushroom risotto was sorely undercooked and crunchy. The cheese flavor and color were wonderful but not good enough to correct the undercooked dish. Service was pitiful. Our server hardly talked and never returned to check on our food. It wasn't worth hunting for the manager. We know to never return here again. Very disappointing.
4	We had the Calamari, Tuscany soup, Lobster Bisque, chopped salad, Bouillabaisse  Veal Scaloppine and Prosuto Pizza.   All were well prepared.  The calamari was crispy and cooked to perfection.  The lobster bisque was very tasty and had plenty of chunks of lobster.  The Veal and Pizza were the highlight of the meal.  The  Bouillabaisse had sand in it and although tasty the sand made it inedible.  The waiter apologized and made it right saving the evening.   I was impressed with the professionalism he had in dealing with this dish failure.  Other than this one item the food and experience was very good.  I would go back but will not order Bouillabaisse....
3	Its little pricy for the food I ate, full course steak meal is $55 per person. . ....its bid too salty for me.  Its Friday night but there not many customers here. Server is very nice though..
4	I'm shocked by all the poor reviews of this place.  Maybe they've made improvements.  The service was exceptionally good all the times we ate at this place - which included for breakfast, lunch and dinner across the week.  Everything we tried was good from salmon and pastas to a breakfast scramble.  Not to be missed is the perfectly cooked and spiced calamari - which is a big enough serving to share with four.  To me the prices didn't seem high for Vegas... and there's a discount if you show your Total Rewards card (which you can pick up for free in the Casino - if you don't have one)
2	Seemed promising with the yummy garlic bread straight out of the oven as a starter but when my meal came I was really disappointed. I ordered the chicken penne with pesto. The sauce was nothing special, a bit bland in my opinion. The penne was not cooked right. It was way too hard. The chicken seemed as if shredded earlier that day then thrown into pasta and reheated. It was also a little fatty. A couple bites in and I was done. I would say definitely not a $25 dollar pasta dish and that's the part that gets to me. In no way should that be acceptable. :/
1	We were looking for somewhere to eat one night and happened upon Le Provencal. The food. It was fine. Nothing great, nothing terrible. The garlic bread was OK while the accompanying marinara was bordering on unpleasant. My Rigatoni Bolognese was unremarkable, it is hard to criticize something that has no remotely defining feature whatsoever.The wine. OK but overpriced.The service. We came away with the vague sense that our waiter wouldn't have cared if we showed up or not. He did everything he should have, but very much by rote. So far this is very much a three star review. Nothing horrific but certainly nothing fantastic either. So why a one star review? Why the Yelp equivalent of 'run, run for the hills!'The reason for that low of a score came later. About four hours later when I was clinging to my hotel room toilet for dear life. I won't go into detail but I was made very, very ill by the food a Le Provencal. I had been perfectly healthy up until that evening, this meal reduced me to a quivering wreck in a matter of hours.You may be up for a bit of a gamble in Vegas but I don't recommend spinning the gastrointestinal roulette wheel. Keep your games of chance to the casino floor.
1	We ordered the meal including appetizer and dessert for two. The meal was great. BUT hours later my girlfriend vomited all night long. had violent diarrhea after that. I felt OK but I ate most of her leftovers. (We had the same rib eye anyway) Then I got sick and ended up in the emergency room by the next day. This dinner for two with two glasses of wine with tip was $170. It was a pricey meal but was enjoyable inluding the service.. BUT except for about 5 hours later. We never needed an emergency room after eating a meal before! Watch the veggies and meat there! Another reviewer got sick there 3 days before we got there. Read the yelp right here and save yourself. *****If you got sick there please do a report on this place below. http://www.southernnevadahealthdistrict.org/foodborne/fbi-form.php.
1	Stopped at Le Provencal because there wasn't a line.  Service was somewhat fast, but really nothing special.  What was confusing was that a restaurant with a French name, in a French themed casino was so Italian.  There was a guy singing "Mamma Mia" to tables when we were seated... I had the rigatoni, and my girlfriend had the ravioli, which may be one of the ugliest dishes I've ever seen.  My meal was not good either.  We each had one drink and the bill was over $80 which seems absolutely ridiculous considering how bad the food was.  We regretted not getting fast food at this point, because it would have tasted better. All in all, it may be a two star experience, but the food left my girlfriend very sick that night and most of the next day.  After reading some more reviews, it looks like she wasn't the only one...We will certainly never return.
2	Ate here on Sunday night. The atmosphere was  a bit dull seeing it was in the Paris. The food was a bit commercial. I had the Capellini Pomodoro. It was very common and what you find at Olive Garden. Nothing stood out. The garlic bread was very good. The tirmaso was excellent also. The eggplant parmesan was smothered in sauce and cheese. I had to scrape it off to find what looked like a frozen factory made eggplant patty. There was also a bus girl (woman) that was setting tables and clearing. She looked very mad and when she brought water, she had a very bad attitude. Our waiter was Raymond. He was excellent and had a very funny sense of humor. He cracked us up and was the delight of the more then below standard restaurant.
2	Went to La Provencal the first night we were in Vegas. It was a Wednesday about 6pm. Service was SLOOOOOOW. We waited a surprising amount of time just to be seen and sat at a table (there was no wait) and to order our food for as small a restaurant that it is. It definitely took way too long to receive our food. There was something that didn't take long at all and that was the time it took me to get the drinks I ordered. Those came out in no time flat which I found interesting.The staff was friendly and polite but if they ask 'Would you like me to bring some garlic bread for the table?' keep in mind that this costs money! It is not free like most Italiano restaurants. However, the bread was really yummy.I had the ceaser salad (also very yummy and not drowning in dressing) and the proscuitto flatbread. The outer parts of the flatbread were super tough and hardly edible. The middle part - where the toppings were was cooked just fine and it was good. If I ever stay at Paris again I doubt I will go back to this place...there is just so many other options.
3	We had a good, if somewhat overpriced meal at this restaurant. The service was very good, even considering we had a singing waiter who serenades the house a few times during our meal. I had chicken piccata, which was generously portioned. Others had steak and a pasta pesto dish, which both enjoyed. Waiters are savvy and will encourage items to increase your bill. In all an enjoyable meal at the lovely fake Paris.
2	It's a lovely restaurant with a pleasant atmosphere and a friendly staff. The selection seemed diverse enough. The reason for my lower rating is that I felt that the meal was unnecessarily heavy with lots of butter and oil. After the meal is when I experienced most of the regret. Now, maybe it was a result of my choices. (I didn't order any cream-base soup, I swear.) If so, it was still a surprise. Others in my party had the same day-after comments. I might try it again and be more careful, I'm not sure though.
1	Make sure to stand behind the rope in the line or you will not be seated. I went up to the hostess and asked for a table for two and she said please get in line behind the rope. The line was pretty long and we ended up sitting by a nearby fountain. As we waited for a table we saw people being seated so we went up to inquire why we were not seated before the people they were ushering in. The hostess responsed by saying "because you were not standing behind the rope." I explained to her that we sat there because at the time when we first got there the line was long. The hostess was rude and instead of offering to seat us she continued to argue with us that because we were not standing behind the rope that was why we were not seated. She clearly knew we were waiting to be seated and instead bypassed us. The hostess was very unprofessional and had poor customer service skills. We will never go back.
3	We came here 10 min before it closed (we did not know till leaving)    We were sat and it took 5-10 min for some one to get our drink orders. We placed out food with our drink order to expedite the process.  The food came out in about 20-25 minutes.  My pasta was good (a little dry and lacking flavor), my friends had the snow crab legs and the bone in ribeye.  Everything was overall good.  We had 4 ppl waiting on us because everybody was doing closing duties so we flagged down anybody we could.
3	It is located inside Paris Hotel and Casino in a lively, old European setting.  Le Provencal's walls are covered with murals of the French countryside.The restaurant is a little pricey.  I'm glad I gave this place a try.  It was a pleasant experience and a fairly good meal. Make sure you bring your Total Rewards card, because almost all items on the menu are discounted by $1.
3	Well I thought this place was pretty cool really enjopyed nibbling on calamari and sipping their house white wine. Think it was a chardonnay or moscato. Well my review my not be 100% accuarte as I was a bit drunk and was craving some late night sober me up food. Again while most times late night sober me up food means street dogs or drive thru I was feeling a little more in a classy mood so suggested to my friend that we try it out. We sat in the patio area and was not really busy just a handfull of people in there. Service seemd ok not the best or anything special but decent. Would I return? Yea maybe why not. Most people on here seem to have less than possitive things to say about this place but meh.
