4	Love Ulta!Closest thing to Ulta in northeast OH (where I used to be) was Sephora - and even then, the closest Sephora was 40 miles away.  What a treat to find Ulta in Charlotte - and 10 minutes away!Ulta does all the cosmetics, beauty, hair and fragrance stuff.  They also offer salon services - hair and nails.I like them for the cosmetics and beauty products.  Sephora carries a few more of the higher end products but they aren't as convenient to me as Ulta.  I've only used the salon once - stylist did an okay job but I thought it was a bit pricey for the service and the "retail store" atmosphere.Sign up for the frequent customer club (no charge) and get their coupons either in the mail or by email.  These can save you a bundle and they run them frequently.
5	I LOVE ULTA!! They have everything possible you'd need for hair, makeup and skincare - I mean EVERYTHING! It's basically like Sephora - they carry every name brand possible and then some. YOu can purchase hair supplies as well, and  there is even a salon in the back for hair and nails, and facials. I would feel totally confident coming here for a cut or treatment. The employees here were so helpful and knowledgeable of the produts they carry - I love it! They even carry the Bare Escentuals Makeup, which I am totally loving right now. Enjoy!!!
2	Eh...I was less than thrilled with Ulta, but I went there less for shopping and more for the salon services. The stylist cut and styled my hair, and it was kind of awful...I had her wet it down again and start over. The second try turned out better...but really, who wants to spend that kind of time in the salon chair? The shop itself is great, but I recommend staying away from the stylists. I was there forever, and the final product was only so-so. It wasn't the most expensive haircut I've ever gotten, but for Supercuts results, I want Supercuts prices...
4	I do not go to Ulta for their Salon services, but I love the products they carry - all levels of quality in cosmetics, professional salon hair care products and a limited but overall good selection of fragrances.  The service at the 2 stores I frequent (Stonecrest & Cotswold) is hit or miss... sometimes I experience great customer service and other times it is less than stellar. But all in all, I prefer going there than having to go to the mall for the products I want.
4	Brow bar!I'm not a regular Ulta shopper, but when in Charlotte last week, I agreed to run some errands with my BFF Sloan.  She was on the hunt for Essie Smokin' Hot nail polish and was optimistic they'd have it in stock.  No such luck, which was a bummer for her.But, I was pleasantly surprised to see the brow bar and it came in extremely handy as I was in need of a little waxing.  The girl did a great job and i had to wait only a few minutes.  Sloan picked up a few stocking stuffers on our way out.  I didn't do any other shopping at the time, but Ulta is now on my mind so I may just have to go do a hair care / cosmetic run soon...
1	Let's talk Beauty shall we? Beauty Supply Stores to be more specific. I have tried to like Ulta. I really have but yet again I left the store today empty handed and underwhelmed with the service. I visited Ulta looking for a specific product for my poor child's unruly head of hair. I really hate that I passed my hair gene down to her. She will hate me forever for sure and I 'm confident her hair issues will come up in therapy. So, I walked in and it was crazy busy. Were they giving away free products? Did Justin Bieber stop by for hair balm? I couldn't understand why the crowd of women but hey good for them( Ulta ) and good for the economy right?I walked through the store thinking I could find the product myself. With no such luck I searched and I mean SEARCHED for a Sales Associate. CRICKETS! It was just me and a bunch of other customers wondering around aimlessly looking for our miracle in a bottle. I did find one Sales Associate in the back ( cowering). She was clueless and told me to go up to the girls at the register. The line for the register was 5 ladies deep. I cut the line to "ask a quick question" and I was served the once over with  attitude on the side.  That was my cue to exit stage right and head on over to Beauty Brands...
3	I... am by no means a girly girl.  I mean, I shave what needs shaving, color what needs coloring and can apply lip gloss and that is about it.  After an accident involving an auburny dark brown hair color that made me look like some kind of Disney villainness, I decided to head to Ulta for some color-corrector.  Located at Stonecrest right next to the giant Teet (Harris Teeter), Ulta is way too much for my little brain to wrap around.  But, I figured while I was there, let's see if I can find a moisturizer that would mask my ruddy red cheeks.  And as luck would have it, I was attacked by a young lady who told me that my choice of Bare Escentuals was all wrong as it would turn me green and she led me to something that starts with an L' (not L'Oreal, but I can't remember what it was).  I told her that I don't do makeup and was just looking for moisturizer, so she popped me into a chair and promptly made me up for the next episode of Toddlers and Tiaras, The Menopause Years.  I did like the moisturizer until I realized it was $90 for a tube the size of a travel toothpaste.  Pass. I'll stick to my $15 Eucerin.  I posted pictures on FB of the *four* makeup remover towels that it took to remove the pretty - holy cow.  But whatevs... some ladies like that, so it's good to have that service.  I just don't like to be Tammy Faye'd.  The young lady was very pleasant and I am sure all of my friends who are used to seeing me sans makeup would have been delighted.  I was skeered and felt my pores screaming.Onto the search for the color corrector...  I couldn't find it.  I was also looking through about 400 boxes of hair color and couldn't remember what brand made the color corrector, so I asked for assistance.  The woman who helped led me directly to it and I headed for the checkout.  They have a rewards program (like everyone else) where you get points towards dollars off at the store.  Checkout was painless and I was on my way.The store has an amazing amount of makeup, hair care products, tools, lotions, soaps, etc. as well as a salon for your hairdo.  I think for those who are well versed or even need the assistance of a consultant, would enjoy this store.
5	I don't give too many 5's when I write reviews but this place deserves it. They have almost everything that you would ever want from make up, to perfume, to nail polishes to a full service hair salon. The staff are very helpful and they give free samples, which is always a plus.
4	Being new to this whole make up world...this store can be a bit more overwhelming.However, I was told by my friend...who is a makeup junkie (seriously) that anything and everything I needed could be found here. Well she didn't lie, this store has it all perfume, makeup, nail polish and a salon in the back. The staff was super friendly, they all kept asking me if I needed help or was finding everything okay. They gave me really good suggestions and I left with some pretty cool stuff...lip sticks, foundation, eye shadows and some brushes. They also have a reward card, so you get points for all that you spend, double points during your birthday month and other cool offers. Overall, I would recommend a trip here!
4	I really enjoy coming to Ulta. They have a very nice staff and there is always someone to help you find just what you are looking for. I use Ulta specifically for the sale prices they have on things, most other people don't. Take example Organix Shampoo and Conditioner. They will sometimes have a Buy 1 Get 50% off 1. Then you can stack that on top of your $3.50 off $10 coupon, and walk out with a very good deal, on some pricier hair products. They also have a salon inside, which you can find some pretty good deals on services there too. My favorite part of Ulta is the Benefit bar they have inside. I think you can get your eyebrows done, and they have the best representatives putting on makeup. They are so much fun!
2	I hope that I'll have to edit this review one day...I walked into Ulta a few nights ago.  Honestly, I looked like a hot mess - straight from the gym, no makeup.  Not nice.  I'm new to makeup too - the YouTube "how to eyeliner" kind of girl.  Ulta can be an intimidating place...Anyway, walk into Ulta.  Girl at the registers says hello.  I wander all over the store looking for that Naked eye shadow, you know which one... Super pretty, I think it's just under $20.  Searching for that, know what I want, just not where to find it.  There are associates EVERYWHERE, but none of them paying attention to me.  Two associates helping someone else.  One walks by me (while I'm browsing clearance) but doesn't say anything.  I wander around some more, obviously looking for something - and no one offers to help or even check on me.  ...ULTA, I JUST WANT YOU TO HELP ME SPEND MY MONEY.I finally found the Naked eyeshadow.  The color I want is out if stock.  No sales associates to be found.  I left.  No one said "goodbye", "thanks for coming", etc.  Maybe they'll be getting it in soon.  I wouldn't know.  C'mon Ulta - I wanted to spend money!
5	Holly gave me one of the best haircuts I have ever had. She pays attention to every detail. She also did color. I may have to get use to the darker shade of brown, but again, I was very impressed with her skill set and she was in no hurry at all, even tho she was booked all day. I found a gem.
2	I walked into the store for the first time this week. It's nicely laid out, but no one offered to help me find anything after I wandered around the store for 10 minutes. No one acknowledged me when I came in or when I left, or ever showed the slightest interest in helping me. All the products are also really overpriced and can be found more cheaply at a department store. $10 for a bottle of nail polish? No thanks! I will not be going back.
