3	While talking with a co-worker, she told me her sister discovered a cake shop from verona, that made absolutely delicious cakes, and that I should check it out.    so while being a cake-oholic who's off the wagon.  I drove the wife out there for some cake.We got a 6" double layer cake.  One layer was white, one layer was chocolate with a layer of chocolate mousse in between.  It had a whipped icing, with white chocolate shavings.When we got the cake in the car my wife swiped a taste of the icing. She said it was excellent.   I took a moment of silence to ponder the cake and champagne plan for later that evening.I was hoping for a Homer Simpson moment when I finally had a chance to devour the cake.   it wasn't there.  The cake was ok.  The mousse was good.  The whipped icing firmed and changed texture-down from the heavenly delight to being just ok.    I would say a step up from grocery store, am not sure if the quality increase matches the price increase.    6" double=$16
5	We had these guys cater our wedding.  We ended up having 6 different flavors of cake.  All were delicious, although the carrot cake was especially exceptional.  The staff was friendly and prepared. All around a great experience.
4	TLDR Version: Delicious Cake, Craig is a bit Confusing, Cake decorations were wrong after two confirmations, but still pretty.  We booked Craig's Cakes for our August wedding.  They were easy to book and surprisingly available for how good their cakes are.  Tastings should be booked by phone, as per usual.  The amount of cake they provide for the tasting is a little intimidating, such big portions!  I kind of want to do it once a month, the cake is SO good.  After I had a chance to taste the food, the owner and official Craig came to talk over the details.  This is where things get Really confusing.  He talks very fast and makes indecipherable notes that I had to call back to clarify after.  Also, I could do without his personal injury stories and opinions on labor laws, I'm just here for the cake!  They have a ton of options, including half-fake cakes if you want the three tiered look without the cost.  They do not do fondant work, but instead do beautifully smooth buttercream or a whipped cream with white chocolate shavings that is Excellent.  A wide variety of cake flavors, though I wish they would start doing a red velvet, for that you'll have to go to Rolling Pin Bakery on Fish Hatchery.  The one downside was that after confirming the decorations and cake fillings the week before and then the day before, our cake ended up wrong.  All of the fillings and flavors we asked for were there, but some were in the wrong order, I'm not sure why that bothers me (probably because I am a huge freak), but it does.  The biggest problem is that we asked for an icing Monogram on our second tier and a specific swirl type.  When we arrived, there was no monogram and the wrong swirl.  It was still really delicious and beautiful, but not what we had talked about.  Sad times.  The costs may seem high compared to places like the afforementined Rolling Pin, but that is because there is twice the cake and icing per slice, so each slice should be cut thinner and you'll have more room for decorations.
5	They did our wedding cake two years ago.    Best cake and best price, the fact that they make you a new mini cake for your 1yr aniversary so you don't have to eat old cake is a nice touch.
5	We have used Craigs Cakes for years.  Birthdays, weddings, and just because!  I absolutely adore Craig.  He's such an interesting fellow.  His cakes are TO DIE FOR!  I love that when you order a birthday cake for a kid, he gives you (FOR FREE) a smush cake just for them!  My daughter LOVED IT!  If you can dream it, Craig can do it.  He uses the best ingredients and it shows in the flavor and texture of his cakes.  All of the staff are very friendly and helpful.  And their prices are fantastic!  I just wish he could deliver to South Florida.  I'm truly going to miss having Craigs Cakes for my birthday and other occasions.
5	Craig's is the best cake shop in all of Dane County for sure!  We used them for our wedding reception and people are STILL talking about the cake!  Not only is it delicious and gorgeous, but their team is outstandingly accommodating.  Since our wedding we now only buy cakes from them...birthdays, anniversaries, etc.  They may seem slightly more expensive than your average bakery, but they are well worth the extra money!  Bonus...on your one year anniversary they make you a cake so you don't have to try and save the top!
5	This review is far overdue. Craig's cake shop made our custom wedding cakes and went absolutely above and beyond. Anyone can look at my review history and notice I write reviews very seldom and can be a harsh critic. Not only were everyone of Craig's cakes absolutely masterful in appearance and taste, but his personal service, especially for special requests is why I go out of my way to not only recommend him, but to actively encourage others. Craig's is the diamond in the rough of cake shops, excellence for a very reasonable price. I will return here again and again for years to come.
3	I am sorry to have to give Craig's Cake Shop only three stars because I was expecting and hoping for better.The staff was nice and the product was ok but it did not rise to what I was expecting to find based upon their many good reviews and the fact that they are a small local bakery as opposed to some large producer of a variety of baked goods.I compare it to Cupcakes A-Go-Go which exceeded my expectations in flavor and quality while CCS didn't do this.  Though CCS does use a very pretty frosting technique we didn't particularly like the flavor.  The cake was moist enough but the crumb and flavor did not reach to the level of what we have experienced from other bakery that we have purchased.  We once had an outstanding cake from The Rolling Pin and another one that was good was purchased at Metcalf's.  We decided to try CCS in the hopes that we would find another bakery to add to our best list.  Instead, we will be going back to the Rolling Pin or Metcalf's for our next cake.Three stars state what is an a-okay rating which these cakes were just a notch below in relation to our high expectations.  But to not be so harsh I will give them this rating.
4	Went to this place 3 times...  I cannot give 5 star because I did not order in advance I  only got their small cakes and cookies from the stock.The staffs are nice and friendly and the small cakes are really good.  I will definitely go back for different flavors.
5	Craig's did our wedding cake. It was a two tier cake the top tier had carrot and pumpkin cake with a cream cheese frosting layer. And the second tier was vanilla and banana cake layers with raspberry cream filling. It turned out perfectly. They were helpful throughout the entire process and the delivery went smoothly! Oh yeah, and it was delicious! We've gone to a few weddings and have could wedding cakes to be so-so. But our cake not only looked great it tasted amazing as well.
