3	This place is a surprise...its in a tiny strip mall next to ASU. On one side is Kinkos..on the other is a titty bar..and the outside looks forbidding. When you walk inside, its like another world - all the walls are painted, there is drapery hung around, it smells good. There is some sort of shrine in the doorway and a map of India. The staff is helpful overall (had a few misses, but since I come here often, its been a good experience). The Naan is so damn good. The potato-spinach dish that i"ve been calling 'saag' but is really something else is a dish I crave. Be cautious of the spice ratings here..it varies but more than once i've asked for 'medium' and gotten 'omg-hot'. Call ahead for take out :)[Edit 9/1/07: I'm sorry to say that I had to drop the stars on this place. The past three times I've eaten there, the Naan has been obviously dry, somewhat stale. I'm certain that its the same naan that they had leftover from the lunch brunch meal.  They don't seem to have much business during the summer (like most az places) and seem to be resorting to cost saving measures. Either way, the naan has been sucky and that's affected my enjoyment of the meal. I'm going to stop going here. ]
4	Was pretty good. There was a lot of us and we odered a ton of stuff, family style. Some was better, some was worse, but overall it was all pretty good.Service was alright too. Plates were clean as were tables and such.Pretty descent all in all."I like"Eugene
2	I've eaten at Delhi Palace many times, always hoping it would be better.  The buffet does offer many choices, and it's a great stop for lunch, if your standards for Indian food are fairly low.  I eat Indian food quite often at a variety of restaurants, so I have high standards.  The prices here for entres are about average (just under $10) for Indian.  The rice and naan must be ordered separately, which is also not uncommon.  The service certainly was prompt, and that is appreciated.  In fact, it seemed like we had two waiters last night, as two gentleman brought us food, refilled our drinks, and checked in on us.  The disappointment came from the quality of food.  It did not taste fresh.  The basmati rice was somewhat hard, which may mean it was overcooked or old.  The malai kofta that I ordered, usually a fool-proof dish, also tasted chewy and somewhat old.  One of my companions was very happy with her chicken curry.  The other companion was very disappointed with the yoghurt masala, which she said was devoid of any solid food and was much too spicy for "mild" as requested.  If you're near ASU, I suppose it will have to do, but there are many tastier options in the same plaza/strip mall.  I would not come back if I could avoid it.
3	I've been eating at Delhi Palace for years and  it is pretty decent north Indian food. Nothing to blow your doors off, but good enough. The lunch time buffet can be hit or miss, but when it is "on" it is oh so good. Tandoori chicken, tikka masala, palak paneer, garlic naan and pakoras are some of my favorites. They also serve a hot tea and I am not sure what it is called but it goes really well with the spicy food.When I am not dining for lunch the mushroom bhajee or seafood tandooris are  my dishes of choice. Don't fool yourself into thinking the veggie options are going to be good for you. Most of their dishes are loaded in cream, ghee or paneer so diner beware, it is easy to pack in over 1,000 calories in a sitting.. Make sure to top it off with a flying horse lager. This beer is so good I usually order one to go!
3	Good tandoori chicken.  Skip the bland lamb curry.  Spinach curry was delicious; eat it with basmati rice.  Excellent samosas.  Heavenly gulab jamun.  The carrot squares were delicious, as well.  Wash it all down with chai.  $9 lunch buffet.  Can't wait to try again!
2	I'll admit, there isn't much to choose from in terms of Indian in Phoenix.  The prices are reasonable here, but it makes me yearn for good Indian food.  This just isn't that.
4	I love Indian food! And I've had a lot of Indian food regularly though out my life in many countries. Delhi Palace Cuisine serves very good North Indian food it's as simple as that. It is reasonably priced too.I went there for dinner with a few friends of mine after one of them boasted "I'll take you to the best Indian restaurant in Phoenix!" He's probably right.We shared the food so had the beef biryani which was very good, the chicken tikka masala which was great, its a creamy dish as it's supposed to be but they didn't over do it as some places do. so don't feel guilty about ordering it. The Tandoori chicken was excellent and I'm picky about tandoori chicken. They have  a decent vegetarian section but I only tried the Palak Paneer & it was some of the best I've had; even though it's not usually my type of dish.I didn't like the Ice tea though, it tasted like it had some special spice or something but serves me right for ordering Ice tea at an Indian restaurant. The garlic nan was good too.The atmosphere is typical for lots of indian restaurants. It doesn't feel like a cafeteria or anything like that but it's not going to impress anyone or wow your date. But it's comfortable, relaxed, unpretentious and true/authentic to the type of restaurant. There were a few indian couples around; always a good sign.The service was excellent; they didn't interrupt the conversation as I've found happens too often in US restaurants these days, But they were always there; prompt ready to serve & respond. I didn't feel rushed either.In a nutshell, if you want to experience tasty authentic north Indian food and enjoy your meal & company check this place out. I'm definitely coming back.
2	This was a random hapenstance encounter as we were lightrailing Tempe.  We needed dinner.  The ethiopian place three doors down doesn't serve alcohol. Hey Indian food! Let's try that. Unfortunately, we left wholly unsatisfied. I'm no Indian connesseur, but I like my food hot yet with some flavor.  This was more just pouring red pepper in my mouth. The decor was standard strip mall Indian - mirrors and murals.  The service was fine but the food was just meh. There's no reason to trek out here if you're craving good Indian food - unless your sole goal is to make you nose run and clear your sinuses.
4	There is nothing much on the outside of this windowless place to attract you, but once you enter, there is TONS of atmosphere, & it is as if you have been transported to India!  On this, my first visit, I was cheerfully greeted, seated at a comfortable table, & the service was friendly and attentive.A good crowd was already here around 11:45 on this Saturday, feasting on the buffet choices which included some interesting things I hadn't seen before, such as Goat Curry, and a lamb dish with a name too long to remember.  Although I will say that I think the food at Flavors of India is a tad better, there's a lot to like about this place.  I'm very close to saying, "If you've been to Delhi Palace Cuisine of India, you've been to India!"  In any event, I certainly liked the place & intend to be dining there again in a Mumbai minute!*  Lunch buffet 7 days a week for $8.95.*  Beer & Wine served.*  They have a Website, but the info on it is all wrong!  They're open 7    days & it's always $8.95
4	Great Lunch buffet... for some odd reason when I wake up hungover the only thing I want is plate after plate of Indian food. They have the usual assortment of curry dishes, vegetables, and bbq'd meats, as well as sauces for the naan. The best thing about this restaurant (bumping it to a 4 star instead of 3) is that: they refill my drinks when they're not even halfway down; and they bring around fresh, hot bread once when you sit down and again halfway through the meal. The price is normal for a lunch buffet, and everything else is what you would expect.
5	The only reason Delhi Palace gets 5 stars is because it was my intro to indian food. Now i have to eat indian food several times a month, and if you ask me to eat it more than once a week, i'll do it. I'll even eat it more than once a day to spite you. I'm addicted and i blame Delhi Palace. I don't NEED you, Delhi Palace, i just WANT you! It's not my favorite indian food place, but it's my "indian food baseline." Every other indian food place is compared to Delhi Palace. It's like eating mom's meatloaf. You may not even like meatloaf, but you'll eat it when mom makes it because it's your mom and she'll make you sit at the dinner table until it's all done, anyway. Wait, what? I think you know what i mean, don't play dumb.No, really though. It's not the best, but it's definitely awesome.
5	It's a little pricey but it is definitely worth it! I love this restaurant! The atmosphere is amazing I always feel like I'm on a nice date even when I go with my mom. I like to get the dinners because you get a really nice selection of different dishes. Their tandoori is also amazing its not super dry like most places. Try anything you like and you won't be disappointed. Get it as spicy as you can stand!They also have extensive vegetarian options. Extensive, delicious options.I recommend this place wholeheartedly!
4	Hello, my name is Jeremy and I'm an addict.... I am NEVER going to quit! My stomach is blind and loves all foods. Today, Indian! Delhi Palace is very good. I have enjoyed every dish. If you are a beginner I truly recommend a dish called Chicken Tikka Masala. It is a real starter dish and is a mainstay on almost every Indian menu. It is fragrant, creamy, rich and warming. It is not spicy. That's just a tip for newcomers. For foodies and ethnic eaters do try the Karahi Goat very hot. It is delicious. Vegetable Korma quells the heat a little. The Paneer here is some of the best I have tasted. Fresh, firm and creamy. Daler Mehndi the "Punjab Pimp" is humming beats in my head now. I must go , my food has arrived. Oh, I love when reps bring me free lunch.  Please, do not forget the Naan. I hope you enjoy.
5	I have yet to find a better mix of service and food at any Indian food restaurant. The place is dark, cool, and the food is incredible.Palak Paneer - good for your vegetarian friendsChicken Korma - sweet and savory flavors in a creamyyellow sauceLamb Boti Kabab - the onions will melt in your mouthChicken Tikka Masala - tomato base with a little kickGarlic Naan, I could go on and on...Have the papadum and ask for the mango chutney as your appetizer. If you are so inclined, the veggie samosas are delicious with some of the tamarind sauce drizzled on top. Have some Indian Tea to drink, but save room for the Kheer for dessert.They are also good for to-go orders and it's usually ready in minutes!
5	Hands down this is one of the BEST places in the Phoenix valley for Indian food.
4	Once inside, you'd never know that outside the windows (which due to relfective covering and decor sort of disappear)...lies an ugly strip mall in a non-descript transition neighborhood next to ASU.  That said, lamb vindaloo is a tasty treat and when you order it hot, it actually comes HOT (spice).  Place never seems to be busy when I'm there (mid-week) but servers are attentive and typically have given me a free naan or some other treat.  Go for the mango yogurt drink if you can't take the heat.
5	This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the Tempe/Mesa area. Its the tastiest and has the best prices. The lunch buffet is the best too.
4	Oh so very tasty. Don't let the exterior fool you. Yes, they are in a strip mall, but I am slowly learning that sometimes these deceptively blah buildings house fantastic treats. Well, that describes this place. The garlic naan is sooooo delicious. When my friends come down from the boonies in Northern AZ this is one of the places we always go to. The curry, lamb vindaloo, kebabs, chicken korma...I really could just keep going on and on! Everything is delicious. If you are in the Tempe area and are looking for some delicious Indian food, check this spot out!
5	OK, its in a strip mall....but what isnt?  I absolutely love this place for Indian food. The staff is friendly and the service is fast. The madras chicken melts in your mouth! We seriously lapped up every bit of the gravy with our naan. This wasn't the only dish that was fantastic. Everything was very good. Definitely one of the best places for Indian food in the valley (east and west).
4	I was very impressed with this place.  Having a serious craving for Indian (after reading its review) I could think of nothing else.  I drove from mid-scottsdale to try this location out and I am glad I did.  It was absolutely delicious.  I did find that the selection was a bit small for the lunch buffet, but with the never-ending naan and basmati rice and the Indian tea I was blown away.  This place was my perfect fix for Indian.  I am planning on making this a usual haunt for lunch and dinner.  Also, the price was VERY reasonable.  $12 for all you can Indian was more than I could have asked for, especially given the prices at other restaurants.  Thank you so much Yelp for suggesting I go eat Indian today.
2	We went here tonight for dinner, and the whole experience was just a notch above median. We picked this place through Yelp, and though we cook Indian food (I'm Indian) at least 3 days a week, sometimes we crave for restaurant Indian food. We ordered the mixed grill plate for appetizers and chicken tikka masala and naan for the main course. The mixed grill plate comprised of kabobs (both seekh and tikkas of chicken, lamb and beef) laid on a THICK bed of sauteed onions and a couple of lemon wedges. It arrived sizzling hot, and several people turned their heads to see where that szzzzz sound was coming from!  I dug into it with my mouth salivating in expectation, but it was a rude shock. The chicken was dry to the mouth. The seekh kabobs were overpowered with spices (mainly red pepper), and the quantity--so abysmal! The bed of onions probably weighed more in quantity than the meat. The tikkas were standard fare...oily and spicy gravy, with cubed pieces of chicken. The place is good for students, because it's so close to ASU, but otherwise, I don't think I will go back there again!
2	When I first came to PHX...yes this sounded indian to me. That was 3 years ago...Ever since I have had the chance to go with real indians (dot not feather) and try the real stuff. So last time I was here, invited by a friend...I found flavors just lame! Want to dream this is indian food...go ahead! and keep pretending.
2	Delhi Palace was really my first experience with Indian food, with its location near ASU and whatnot.  So, obviously, I liked Delhi Palace.  Until I tried other Indian places, that is.  I have since come to the realization that Delhi Palace is actually incredibly bland by Indian food standards.  They sometimes have a decent selection of dishes, but if you're looking for good flavor, drive up the road a couple miles to Taj Mahal.
2	Nothing wrong with this place, but when you can't even say you're the best Indian buffet in all of Tempe...Been there three times. Same items on the buffet each time. That would be OK if they were great, but the ground lamb dish doesn't have flavor, the chicken curry dish is filled with chopped up fatty dark meat, and the tandoori chicken is dry cooking under the heat lamp for long periods of time.If somebody invites you here, no problem. It's not terrible. But if you want cheap Indian buffet in Tempe, you've got at least a couple other better options. And now that I think about it, it's 10 bucks with tax and drink, so hard to even call it cheap...
4	I spend allot of time at the Tempe Improv so I go to the Delhi Palace for the lunch buffet which is located on the south side of the building across the street on University. The lunch buffet is open from 11:00 - 2:30 so if you like authentic northern Indian cuisine this is the real deal for $8.95 and the best part is you don't have to whip out the Sun Brand Tandoori Powder and make it yourself.I normally do not like buffet food that has been sitting under a heat lamp for any length of time but if you arrive early at 11:00 when they first open there is a good chance your buffet food experience will be a good one. I believe the food on the lunch buffet is not spicy on purpose to appeal to the masses which would make since, I personally prefer my Indian food spicy with some burn and I'm sure if you order something off the regular menu they will kick it up a notch for you.The Delhi Palace is home of the MASALA they have Chicken Tikka Masala, Garam Masala, Chana Masala, Chaat Masala, Tandoori Masala, and even Yogurt Masala. The only Masala missing off the menu is Penn Masala, the world's first Hindi a cappella singing group formed in 1996 by a group of students at the University of Pennsylvania. Deep down I must believe ASU is working on their first Hindi a cappella singing group but heck that's another story.My personal favorites here are the Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Korma, Palak Paneer, Chicken Tikka Masala and the Garlic Naan bread if your into Indian beers you will like the fact they have Taj Mahal and Flying Horse Royal Lager beer, I normally drink the hot chai tea.Repeat after me can you say green mint chutney.
5	Tandoori Chicken, that's all I have to say to anyone who has been here and they will lapse into a curry coma of epic proportions. From the outside the place may not look like much but she's got it where it counts.Once you walk in the immediate feeling is of being under dressed.  The Inside is set up like a proper date movie restraunt complete with chandeliers and frilly table cloths. Now you can go for dinner and eat your meal with dignity OR! you can go for the lunch buffet and leave all your inhibitions and delusions of self respect on the plate, since that's all that's going to be on it.  "Lick that shit clean!"  to quote a friend. The price is cheap but you would sell your soul and all adjacent souls once you're done with this place.  Just go.  Go now.
4	Delhi Palace is hands down one of the best Indian places in Tempe. Only beaten by Royal Taj (which is truly wonderful and I suggest you try it).The service is so-so. Half of the service men don't come by regularly but there is at least one guy who is super attentive and does pretty well about re-filling drinks and finding out if you are doing ok.I've had many of the dishes there including their Chicken Tikka Masalla, Tandoori Chicken, Chicken and Lamb Vindaloo. The garlic naan is fantastic. The best dish of what I tried was the Tikka Masalla. The vindaloo is off somehow, it used to be my favorite dish back in San Francisco but I haven't found an Indian place here in Tempe that does it right. However, their Masalla is amazing. That sauce with garlic naan is MMMMM.The decor is very authentic, so is the smell of the restaurant. As with a lot of good Indian places it can get kind of cloying but if you are into the Indian culture and food you can easily get past it.
4	3.5--Took too long to completet the review but I believe my partner had the chicken vindaloo, we had various chutney's, and I ordered the Tandoori chicken. It thought everything was good. One of the chutneys was nice and spicy so my son, who is very particular, okay picky actually enjoyed it with a side of rice and chicken appetizer. Overall, the service was good and so was the food, would visit again...
5	I'm a south-asian so I know my indian food and this place has been the best I've had so far. The lunch buffet is the best, the naan service is prompt and frequent, the taste of musical ambiance is trendy, the price is cheap compared to the quality of the experience.
1	Anyone who gave this place above two stars does not have taste buds. I know Indian food I grew up in Asia. Indian food is one of my favorite cuisines.  I went to the buffet. I received bland, room temperature food  with undercooked meats.  There are good indian food restaurants in Arizona this place is just not one of them. Go to The Dhaba which is just up the street
5	Delhi Palace is my favorite Indian food restaurant... ever!  Do not be deterred by the exterior.  Just trust me on this one.  What awaits you inside will make you forget everything you have ever known and loved... you will want to sit there and eat until you can eat no more.  The buffet is a great value and the food is consistently fresh and delicious.  I have been going here since I was a young teenager and have always loved it.  But, the ultimate proof of their quality and authenticity came when I took my two friends who grew up in India and were visiting Phoenix for the weekend.  They thought it was excellent.  If you go to the buffet try everything.  If you go there for dinner, I highly recommend the Chicken Makhani.  Do not miss out on this gem.
4	This is a nice little place in a nondescript strip mall near ASU. The food is primarily North Indian, and it's tasty. My lentils were nicely spiced, and my boyfriend couldn't stop talking about his lamb korma for the next half hour after we left. If you like Indian food and are in northern Tempe, I recommend trying this one.
5	Love this place! The food always great! The lunch buffet is my favorite, and the lunch time service is excellent...rarely do I ever have to ask for water or more naan. One side of the buffet is all vegetarian so I never have to worry or ask if something has meat. The naan is so always soft and hot! Highly recommend!!
5	The lunch buffet is fantastic! I've suggested it to all of my colleagues and friends!
5	The Absolute best Indian Food in Tempe! Great food, full water cups, and a hospitable staff make this my favorite restaurant of all time.
5	I was astonished. I moved back to Tempe and was looking for good indian food. Someone in my class recommended this place and I am so happy they did. I always got chili chicken and garlic naan at my old place and Delhi Palace's version was even better. I am a raving fan! They even gave me garlic naan
4	This place is one of my favorite places to eat at while in Tempe (sadly, I don't go that often since graduating from ASU).  I've eaten here many, many, many times so that tells you I'm a fan. I go back for the same reasons - very well made, great tasting N Indian dishes such as the Keema Mutter (ground lamb), Chicken Tikka, Tandoori Chicken, and their Gulab Jamun and rice pudding is super tasty.  I know how to enjoy this place without pigging out (1st round of proteins, 2nd round of vegetables, skip the bread and rice, 2 gulab and I'm set!), though I do leave quite full but not regretting it.  Their service is good and I've never had any server issues.. nor food issues, for that matter.  They are consistent in flavorful N Indian food and service (I went 2 weeks ago and was impressed with the fact that nothing had changed!) so that's why I'm a fan.
5	the buffet, you, must...go to it...nurrrrrr, AMAZING!
5	Excellent chicken tikka!! We used to drive 20 minutes just to eat here.
4	When Taj Mahal closed/was sold my boyfriend and I were sorely disappointed that we lost our favorite Indian restaurant and lunch buffet. By chance we went here tonight and finally after a couple of months we can say we've found a new favorite! We are snobs when it comes to good Indian food and we were giving up on finding another good place to go to.I am a korma girl and it was so tasty, their mild is pretty mild so if you can handle some spice go to medium, and my boyfriend's masala was surprisingly better then Taj Mahal's. A feat we though was impossible. The garlic naan was cooked/baked to perfection--- at other places we've tried its been burned or awkwardly gummy.Even though we just had dinner there tonight we decided we're going back tomorrow for lunch to check out the $8.95 lunch buffet!
4	Best lunch buffet ever! They walk by and constantly drop-off fresh naan. How can you go wrong with that?
5	I love this place, the service is second to none. The naan is always fresh and the saag is the best thing I have ever tasted. The lunch buffet is great cause they always have goat curry, saag, and chicken tikki masala. Then they have 2 random dishs. Best indian food I have ever had. and I have been to my fair share of Indian places around the valley.
4	Quality lunch buffet, good service, I left stuffed! I don't live in the area (more like a few hundred miles west) but I found frequent this place if I wasn't so far away. I am not a fan of the decor but oh well, the food is good!
4	The best Indian I ever had was this Navajo babe, whose name translated "Spreads like butter."The second best Indian, food that is, was here at Delhi Palace.Well, not really, it was in London, but who cares, that's like five thousand miles away.If you live in Phoenix, or visit here often, and you like Indian, (dots, not feathers) you'll want to go here. Here's why. The place is crawling with Indians, and that's a good sign considering most Indian joints are littered with white people. And everyone knows white people cant tell the difference between a good curry and cold-boiled mule.Secondly, all the Caucasians flock to Applebees or Olive Garden on a typical weekend night, evidence of which is a line of people standing outside waiting for hours to be seated. I don't like to wait. I also don't like making reservations.That's where Delhi Palace excels in my book. I never have to wait on a weekend night since the only people eating there are Indians and me. The palak paneer is great. Lamb vindaloo superb. Tandoori oven cooked foods aren't dry and overcooked. They also make a good Mango Lassi.I like this place. Even that singy-songy shit they call Indian music blaring from the sound system, which typically makes me irritable halfway through the meal. For some reason I like their music, but it's still weird.
4	Um...yes please! This is one of those cases where the idiom 'you can't judge a book by its cover' really applies. This place looks awful from the outside...like a place you would never want to go, BUT do not be fooled! I went here yesterday with my dad and brother for the lunch buffet and it was killer! There was a wide variety of dishes including chicken tikka masala (my fave dish), a spinach curry, a vegetarian meatball in curry, a stewed goat dish (which was Ah mazing), and even desserts and chai tea. They also come around and bring naan to your table. All for like 9$ per person! The food here I thought was really really good, and for the price you can't beat it. I've paid double or more to eat at some other Indian restaurants around tempe, and I can honestly say that this was just as good, if not better, than those places (plus the variety of a buffet is nice). I will be back here for sure!
4	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =I've enjoyed eating here several times since my original review almost three years ago.  As I noted before, this place just drips with authenticity!  Outside you are in Tempe, USA, standing in front of a blah looking, windowless restaurant.  As soon as you pass through the door it's as if you are in a nice restaurant in INDIA!!Having tried all of the Indian Buffets in the Valley (I think), mostly since the original review, I have to say that this one earns the spot right up in my "Top 10" of them all, because:*  They are open & serving the Buffet every day!*  They don't charge extra on the weekend!*  Once I came here with a large non-Yelp group of friends, & without reservations.  They immediately whipped up tables to provide ideal seating for all of us in the larger of the two dining rooms, & without the slightest complaint.*  See those "kid's plates" in the photos?  They are great for Indian food, because some of it is rather soupy.  YES, they also have regular china plates out for you to choose, if you like.The food here is tasty too!  What I had today included tasty garlic Naan bread, served piping hot at the table, great salad for an Indian place, Chana Masala (sort of a chickpea soup), Mushroom Bhajee (no clue, but it's good!), vegetable pakoras, Kheer Aloo Gobbi (cauliflower & potato casserole), Saag (spinich... super good here!), Keema Matar (lamburger), Goat Curry, & of course the obligatory Chicken Tikki Masala & Tandoori Chicken, finishing up with Mango Custard & piping hot, tasty Indian Tea (help yourself & no extra charge).     :-))Lunch Buffet including hot tea, only $8.95 7 days, & the spices are mild so bring your kids!
5	Get the palaak paneer.  Seriously.  I cannot emphasize this enough; I don't go anywhere else when I'm craving it.  If that were its only redeeming quality, I would still give the place 3 stars!  However, the rest of the food is also fantastic.  They're excellent at adjusting the temperature of the food for whatever suits your palate (which is great since I'm a weakling but my boyfriend likes things extra super spicy).  The garlic naan is awesome, and a staple of our visits in addition to the palaak paneer.  We usually order a lamb dish and a chicken dish along with the rice, and trust me there's leftovers each time.  The vegetable pakora is great, as well, and I've enjoyed several of their other vegetarian dishes from time to time.  I can't speak to the authenticity of the place, as I've never been to India, but I can speak to what tastes great, and this place is it!
4	While not my favorite indian buffet, this one was pretty good. There was a fairly large and varied selection. I found everything I had to be tasty, just seeming to be flavored towards the bland end of mild. I also found all of the dishes to have a higher level of oiliness than i would have liked.There was not as much 'char' flavor on the tandoori chicken as I am used to.The garlic naan was not only delicious, but it comes straight to your table hot and they just keep bringing it, as long as you're eating it, no need to run out or even ask for more.Service was prompt and courteous, but it was too busy while I was there for them to be able to display anything beyond simply keeping things up with the rush, which they did nicely.The tables were a little cramped even when some of them were still empty, but as soon as the placed filled up, it was ridiculous. There were an unfortunate few whose table was placed so near the buffet that they were in the way of the line that formed.That lined was so much worse than it should have been, however someone long ago made the unfortunate decision to place the buffet line in a U shape. This makes it hard for more than 2-3 people to dish out food at the same time, and everyone else waits outside of the U for their turn. I thought the L shape of another buffet I go to was inconvenient, but I'm going to love it next time i go compared to this U buffet.Many things to enjoy here, including the value.  It's under ten bucks, and there seems to always be a $1 off coupon available somewhere.
5	WHOA!! What a cultural shock walking in from the totally common parking lot inside this shrine.  The smell instantly hits you and the taste buds start salivating.   I go at lunch time for the buffet and always walk out wishing I had worn elastic.  Everything is very good and it's fun mixing it all up.  The staff is quick with the nan and refills.  The 1st clue that this place rocks?  Loaded with Indians.  I also have to admit that I like entire meals without utensils.  Ya, I'm ready again
4	Great food and excellent service every time I'm here. Also reasonably priced. My favorites are the Korma and Tikka Masala chicken dishes and garlic naan. There's a lunchtime buffet too but I've never tried it.
5	HOLY! HOLY! HOLY! this place is so good. NEVER! EVER! go for dinner. DO THE LUNCH BUFFET! so FLIPPIN good. lots of choices and everything is well made and to style. I love this place. I'm in love, I'm in love and I don't care who knows it.
5	bottomless cups of Indian Tea and the best vegetable Korma I've had anywhere. They make their own Paneer & let you buy it if you want to cook with it at home.  Fantastic!
2	A little kindness goes a long way, boys.  This review is for the 3 star lunch buffet and the 1 star service.  I have to admit that I am out and out soured for most Indian buffets in that my fave one in DC, Ragaa, makes me weep how good it is.  But one of my fellow Yelp buddies said this place made her belly happy, so I gave it a try. The smells and sight of the sparkling dining room made me thing that good things were coming my way.  As I perused the buffet, I noticed that it was really geared towards quantity rather than quality.  Tandoori chicken was way overcooked (and all dark meat - not a big deal, but it seems like they are saving the white meat for something else - maybe dinner?) and the other meat dishes were just so-so.  Saag paneer was tasty, as was the daal, but both forgettable.  And the rice!  It wasn't fluffy and light like you'd expect, but a little crunchy - a sin at an Indian restaurant as far as I'm concerned!  The only true delight is the warm, hot naan that they bring by to sop up the sauce on your plate.  I could make a meal of just it, except that $10 is a little steep.My true issue with the place is the sheer lack of kindness on the face of anyone that works there.  It's like they are pissed off that they have to serve you and want to be elsewhere.  Fine by me!  Go away and have someone else serve me that'll say "You're welcome!" when I say "Thank you" instead of scowling and walking away.  We actually got into an argument the first time I went there - we were a party of three, but a friend was coming so I asked for a table for four.  The friend never came, so we were surprised when they charged us for four buffets and then put up a fight when we asked to take the fourth charge off for a person that was never there.  Come on, man!  You served us bread and water our entire meal - you saw only the three of us.  Sad.I have to admit, I do return to this place when friends suggest it for lunch - like a drunken hookup, I fall into it and then ask myself what I am doing once I am there.  I need to scope the valley for a new place and stop giving in to convenience of location.
5	Been to this place probably about 5 times for dinner. I don't like buffet as much so I can't say much about it. You can order from the menu at lunch also, if you prefer that over the buffet. Their service is really good. The food is good also. My favorite dishes are the Chicken Tikka Massala and the Vegetable Korma, along with Naan. It's one of the best Indian food restaurants I've tried around the valley, probably the best out of 4 I've tried.
4	Great selection of indian food.   You can go off the menu or choose the lunch buffett.  It is not the spiciest of foods so if your party has a mild stomach it is perfect for them.
1	I promised myself I would not write this review.  But, I couldn't even keep this promise to myself.  My eating partner told me I owed the world this review considering that money is tight and people need to know what they are getting or not getting for their money.The staff was friendly upon our arrival and we were seated expeditiously.  Not too crowded for a Saturday night, hmmmmm.    My eating partner wanted to sit next to me instead of facing me so he began to move the placemat & silverware to the other side.  The waiter trying to be helpful, put all five of his fingers, on what was destined to be my plate, and swished the plate next to the other plate.  Helpful, but I was somewhat concerned about where those five fingers had been last.  i was soooo self disciplined that  didn't say a word, but I did use antibacterial hand cleaner on my plate.  With mersa and other types of infections abounding, I didn't want to take a chance.  Papdum came with coriander chutney.  Crispy and plentiful.The chicken biryani served to us had a strange color.  Very very red, as if cooked with tomato paste. Spicy as we asked but with no flavor.  Just heat.  We like the heat but the food has to be tasty.  (I thought of the delicious biryani that we could have had had we driven to our old stand-by that was further away from our house.)  What a difference a couple of miles makes.  Then the Chicken Vindaloo that was ordered spicy, was delivered spicy but with no flavor.  Indian spices were not strong enough; just chicken in a red sauce.  Even the tartness that vindaloo sauce requires was missing. Vindaloo is one of those sauces that contains a little bit of vinegar (just check any indian cookbook).  The tandoori roti was good as was the complementary yogurt sauce.   The people are nice enough but the food is probably one of the least favorite I have had in the valley (I was going to write worst, instead of least favorite but that would not be very nice).  Suffice it to say that my Saturday night dinner was less than tasty and certainly less than memorable.  Moral of the story:  Drive a few extra miles and go to a place where you know you will get excellent food at a fair price. It will be worth the drive. (Did you read this dear eating partner???)
4	Ate here with some friends and we all had the lunch buffet. Thought it was pretty good, pretty solid selection for the price. I enjoyed the lamb very much-it was nice and tender and the chicken tikki masala was pretty good too. For dessert they have a pretty mean mango custard too :) can't comment on the authenticity of everything since I don't eat Indian food often. I would definitely go back again though!
4	Excellent food, attentive service,very reasonable prices. What's not to like? Well, the table at which we were seated needed a bit of attention to its cleanliness. Otherwise I would have seriously considered five stars. But that was minor; I'll be back at first opportunity.
5	After seeing countless movies that depicted Indian food as extremely spicy. I was very hesitant and scared to try Indian food for my first time. My sister insisted that I come along with her to this Indian restaurant- Delhi Palace, for their lunch buffet. I picked her up from work and off we went. I went through the line of the buffet carefully picking my meal. I managed to grab myself some Lamb Curry, Basmati Rice and salad. I came back to my table and the waiter served us our drinks as well as some delicious naan. Delhi Palace toasts the naan as well as adds a garlic kick. The naan arrives to your table steamy hot!I finally dug in too my food and was so pleasantly surprised. After feeling like I could take on any type of Indian food, I went back to the buffet for seconds and tried more dishes. ALL of the dishes exceeded my expectations. I definitely recommend going to the lunch buffet it is well worth the money! More bang for your buck! The restaurant is also very conveniently located next to the ASU-Tempe campus. So if you're a student and you're looking for some delicious Indian food during a class break, you should check out this hidden gem!
4	My Indian coworker took me in for some Indian all-you-can-eat for lunch (~$9/person). Over-all a good meal - they offered three each of meat dishes and vegetarian entrees with a whole bunch of side options. Bottomless delicious naan and these fuckin amazing carrot bread dessert squares - almost drooled on my desk even thinking about those delicious orange fuckers.
3	I initially passed the place up since it is nestled in a typical strip mall off next to a Kinko's just off Rural Road on E University.  I was meeting a friend for a quick, inexpensive and hopefully tasty pre-movie dinner at the Valley Art Theater on Mill.  The decor was what I would call, the "basic, no frills cafeteria like set up" that can be found in many Indian and Thai restaurants I have frequented.  Practical and comfortable.  The staff was friendly and welcoming and the menu had typical Indian fare.We shared the appetizers, the garlic Naan and vegetable samosas, both were an enjoyable beginning.  I love eggplant, so my go to order is the Baingan Bharta with rice and that is what I had.  It was delicious, I ordered it mild and it had just the right amount of kick.  I restrained myself from not devouring the whole meal and saved enough to take home for a full meal.  As expected, the meal was a great value of $20 with tip.  Not bad for two healthy meals.  When I am craving Indian and over near Mill, I will return to the Delhi Palace again. Namaste.
2	Mediocre at best --   There are much better Indian restaurants in the city
4	Review based solely on the Lunch Buffet.This buffet definitely has some features not common in other buffets. -Extensive dessert offerings-Chai Tea-Plenty of nanWhat I like the most:-Variety in the vegetarian curries and a good kick-Lamb, Goat, and Tandoori Chicken in the non-veg sectionDoesn't disappoint. I recommend the room with the buffet is and not going with more than 4 people. The larger room was dark and too loud.
5	Do not let the location and outside deceive you. I was instantly impressed as soon as I stepped in by the decoration and the servers.The buffet line wasn't huge but it was good enough for us. Food was good and service was first rate.
4	Love this place!  I've been here 3 or 4 times and always order something different.  Everything has been so good.  They always give good/fast service.  Very authentic Indian food... similar to food I ate while traveling in India, just less spice.  Definitely recommend this place.
2	Got introduced to Indian food here back in 1998. Have sicne become quite an afficianado on it.The ownership has clearly changed hands here. Its run by mostly kids now and its not very authentic tasting Indian at all. The buffet is now one of the worst Indian Buffets in town.If you want a quality indian food experience, try Kebab Palace, The Dhaba or India Gate.
4	I am reviewing this based on the  Chicken Tikka Masala.  I haven't ordered anything else on the menu and I really don't think I need to.  This dish is fantastic!  I have been to this place multiple times and if this is an accurate description of Indian food than I am a fan!
1	Okay before I start talking about food let me tell you that being an Indian student I have had the best and worst of Indian food and I was prepared for anything when I entered the restaurant.I was also a bit cautious regarding the service since my friends had a harrowing time with the management (A tale for another day). Once seated, the waiter-cum-floor manager impatiently prodded us for the order (5 times in a gap of 5 minutes). Irritated already, we hurried and went for Onion Pakoras for starters, few Rotis, Paneer Masala and Aloo Gobi for the main course. The Decor was boring and dull with rolls of curtain carelessly hanging from the walls. Since Aesthetics hardly matter to me, I ignored it. The food did not arrive for 25 minutes and neither did the pesky waiter. Looking around, we found all the waiters having a great time sharing anecdotes and sipping on a drink. Finally after 30 minutes, the main course arrives without the starters being served. I could not imagine what excuse the management could give when we were the ONLY customers in the restaurant! The food was good, curry was done with medium spice just like we ordered. The naans were just about right although the mango lassi wasn't the best. Overall we were pleased with the food. Just when I was thinking that the place wasn't too bad, the waiter interrupts us, hands over the cheque and asks us to pay immediately since the cash register was "closing". I was *stunned* ! We had just started with our meal !!! Although I was furious, I politely replied that the payment will be done soon after we are done. 10 minutes after, the floor-manager takes time off from chatting with the staff and with all the "courtesy" asks us to pay up soon. That was it! We quickly gobbled the food, paid and left the place in disgust! The food was worth 3 stars but I will never ever visit Delhi Palace again, not now, not ever! For a good Indian meal I would suggest visiting 'Chutneys' , 'Kabab Palace', or even drop by my house, you will not be disappointed!
1	I been to delhi palace. The service guys and manager have no sense of manners. When we are in middle of our lunch or dinner, he brings bill and waits there to pay. When serving water, they have no manners. They spill all over the table and don't even tell sorry or clean. This is the worst hotel i have seen here which has this bad service.Food is not that great. It is ok.
1	I had a bad experience with the service of the place.
1	The overall food was good taste wise but my stomach was full as just after I had one naan. Then I found out the reason being they added too much of (baking) soda in the food. In addition, the hotel staff was also not polite while talking. Even if we ordered starters first everything is served at the same time. So what's the meaning of appetizer? That was my first time and the last time I had been to this place.
1	Well, you expect some kind of hospitality when you are in a restaurant, making you feel at ease. Delhi Palace does not have it in them. In general, the servers sound rude and they don't look happy to serve you. As far as the food is concerned, it is not what you expect from an Indian restaurant. The curries were a bit bland and were very thin for an Indian curry, Naan was pretty good. All in all, that was the first time I went to Delhi Palace and it turned out to be the last one.
1	To start with the one star is given only because I couldn't give anything less. I have been to this place twice (second was only out of desperation). The food is not bad I agree, but when it comes to customer service/ courtesy it couldn't get worse. The person who took the order was not interested nor patient. The moment we sat down he was hurrying us for the order, after asking for some time he returned within ten seconds flat and 20 seconds when requesting again for some more time. After all that he started pestering us to pay the bill even before we were half way through our meal. We said we would pay once we are done but he returned saying that he had to close some register. My comment seems harsh but the experience we had, the place deserves every bit.
5	The buffet was wonderful! Tons of selection to choose from and everything was very tasty. The price is very reasonable and the waiters and waitresses were very friendly.The tikki masala was my favorite and the dessert variety was great! I will definitely be back next time I'm in Phoenix!
3	Oh weeee, my friend and I ordered and shared the chicken spicy masala and a mild lamb vindaloo. Our good came in a timely manner and the restaurant was barely packed. That didn't mean the food wasn't good! It was delicious. We were served a really good appetiZer that I can't recall the name but it was made of mint and/or cilantro. It was free and it was oh soooo yummy. After a couple of minutes we received our order with garlic naan and basmati rice. I preferred the masala over the vindaloo but that's probably because it may have been more fatty and buttery. I would come again. Thank you! For a good experience of Indian food in tempe. Yumm
5	We love this restaurant, been eating here over 2 decades. The staff is excellent, very helpful and friendly. The food is also very yummy. My wife loves their chai.
1	A group of us ate here about 3/4 weeks ago and while I cannot fault the food, which was delicious, I would NEVER set foot in this restaurant again because of the sheer rudeness we experienced from one of the waiters. Normally I would complain but we were that shocked that we all left bewildered. I spoke with anither colleague a week later and he said he and his wife experienced the same behaviour. There is no way that the management can be unaware of who I am refering to as they stood out like a sore thumb behaviour wise as I found all the other staff extremely pleasant. Sort it out as there is no shortage of excellent Indian restaurants in the area.
3	Well, I used to LOVE this place. I love indian food- it's my absolute favorite. The food is really good here and reasonably priced and is in a good area of Tempe for students . The vegetarian dinner is delicious and the garlic naan is AMAZING. I wouldn't usually come for the lunch buffet because it's a little less spicy than I like it.A few months ago they hired this new waiter who is completely incompetent. He's super awkward and had us waiting for ~35 minutes to take our order and another ~20 for the food. The crazy thing is that the place was totally empty when we got there! There was one other couple. The food was good (as usual) but we were so turned off by how long everything took that I gave the guy full tip but wrote "bad service" on the receipt, thinking maybe he just needed to know that we noticed he was just standing around and taking instead of taking our orders and serving us. I always tip well because I think people under value their servers, but jeez this guy was terrible!!So then we go again a few weeks later and apparently he remembered us because he started talking to all the other people who work there about how we were rude when it came to the check (maybe he forgot that I tipped him 20%?) and we had awful service again and he made someone else who worked there serve us. It was so incredibly awkward that I felt like hiding under the table and we haven't gone back since. It's really sad because this was one of my favorite restaurants.
4	Perfect take out. Food tastes great. the mango chutney and all chicken dishes are to die for. Friendly people, great portions. Little oily sometimes tho.
5	I have been here twice so far, both ventures for the afternoon buffet. The second trip came recently to confirm the quality as I remember being blown away the first time, and had another great experience. I am excited to start eating here more often as it is on the way to school. Until like 2:30 pm, they have an all you can eat buffet for around $9, and a guy like me is fully capable of devouring 3-4 entrees in order to get full. So this is the basis for my review as I may or may not make it in for dinner any time soon due to my schedule. I started the game picking out a little sample of everything offered, and then was planning to take it from there eliminating what I didn't like as I went up for seconds.I absolutely loved it all, but only went back up for a few items due to being (surprisingly) full. Although I enjoyed the grilled veggies, I would have to put them on the side next time as they didn't mix well with the chicken curry and masala items. That was my bad though, as I had chosen... poorly with my plate composition.I will gradually update this review as I learn more info about the dishes, I plan to start going here a lot for lunch and will be more vigilant about what is what.
5	I have been going here for YEARS. Their lunchtime buffet is awesome and VERY well priced. The a la carte / dinner menu is great too. Nice atmosphere, friendly efficient staff. Highly recommend.
1	Though once a favorite date spot - I am sad to report that this place has gone down hill. They used to know us by name and have the quickest water refills this side of the Mississippi but now, on a recent Valentines day experience, it took 20 minutes for anyone to come our table, and it was after I had to stand up and ask for them to come over. They threw our silverware at us, food came out cold and our cups went empty for most of the meal. Its the end of an era for us - We're won't be going back.
5	Do you like Indian food? Are you looking for something near ASU? Is it lunchtime? then come here for the buffet already--you're welcome.I only have done lunch here, and I've done it often so I cannot speak to the actual menu. If I had any complaints I would say the buffet options are a bit limited, but really they have all my favorites and OH MY does it all taste good. The bread (naan) is also addicting.
5	We ordered the vegetable samosas, onion kulcha and tandori combination. The spinach paneer was amazing. Everything was cooked well and seasoned well.  Going back very soon!
4	You will probably have a hard time finding this place. But it is well worth turning on the GPS.This little restaurant is one of many interesting-looking finds in the strip mall, and the first time I met my friends there we all got hopelessly lost looking for it. It's a quaint little place, with low-lighting and friendly waiters. The food is great and pretty reasonably-priced. The first time I went here, we tried their combination platters (we were all on seperate checks) and they were both 1) delicious and 2) well worth the price. It's definitely a nice option for someone who likes to try a bunch of things but maybe is with people who aren't used to 'family style'!The second time, I was with my family so we got a bunch of dishes.We tried the palak paneer (pretty good), lamb biryani (excellent), saag chicken (excellent), chicken mushroom (good), roti (okay), garlic naan (excellent), and poori (excellent.)They brought us some complimentary papadum and some fritters (didn't know what these were) for dinner, which is always good, and very nice of them!Definitely try their curries, and lamb biryani (by far my favorite) which came with its own little side dish of raita to help take down the spice. We kept things at "medium" level, but you can customize from mild-hot depending on your temperment.The palak paneer was my least favorite, but that could have been because I ordered it mild (to mix it up a bit) and it didn't pop in flavor as well as the others.Also, my sister and I loved the poori, which was a deep-fried wheat bread. It tasted like fry bread and was excellent for soaking up sauces. Service was very attentive and it never took long for a chai or water refill.All in all, great service and food and I will be back!
5	Absolutely delicious! Had the Paneer Masala and the Malai Masala, with garlic naan and rice.  Heavenly! One of the best Indian restaurants in the Valley. We had the medium spice, which I'd rank at closet to a 7 on a 1-10 scale.
1	If I were to rate *only* the food then I would have given a 5-star rating since I find the food really good. But its not only the food that makes you come back or appreciate a place.The service of this place is very poor. I believe the servers should be given some training on how to interact with guests, how to behave with them, how to serve them. But no, the owner doesn't care about it. It happens with me all the time, the servers "hands-me" the plates, bowls, curries, breads everytime without fail, insteading of keeping it on the table even when I am in the middle of my meal. And the most irritating thing, they always ask you to pay while you are eating. ALWAYS! Why can't they wait for me to finish and then let me ask for the cheque or if it can't be avoided, why can't they be courteous while asking for it. Last time when I went there, the same thing happened and instead of complying, I complained, asked the server that I wanted to speak to the manager. This really spoils *the* experience for me.I keep going back to this place since it is walking distance from my place, but after the last time, never going back!
3	If anything, come here for a decent buffet at a decent price. Coming here for dinner is like playing joining a pick-up dodgeball game. You're not going to have a good time. Once, I accidentally smeared a bit of poop under my nose. How that happened is irrelevant. But I hadn't realized this, and spent the whole day with a scrunched up face feeling pissy. Anyway, that's how all the waiters here look. They just don't seem to care about customer service at all. Missing one of your orders of rice? Oh, no, see, you just didn't realize that the one cup of rice you have is actually TWO orders, just on one plate. Want more water? How about being flat out ignored? I suppose maybe they're just deaf.
5	This place is the best. My wife and I always get the same. Taandori chicken garlic knaan basmati rice and mango juice and a mango lasi. Its cheap too plus udent discount
3	The tandoori chicken was overcooked and dry. The chicken tikka masala was a bit too salty. They serve garlic naan and give you free chai tea so that was nice.
4	Sometimes I just really crave Indian food. Is there anything better than a curry dish? My god. Delhi Palace is nothing to look at from the outside, and even inside it was pretty empty. Aside from one Indian family and this incredibly attractive, worldly-looking older man with shoulder length silver hair, I was the only one in there. As I waited on my order, everyone was so attentive and nice, but I was too distracted by this rugged stranger. I thought to myself, I should see if he wants to date my mom. Is that weird? Oh, excuse me, sir, are you single? Here's a picture of my mom ... hot, right? Maybe next time you eat Indian food you don't have to do it alone? Instead, I stared awkwardly and left once my food arrived. Idiot. Although, totally worth it as the food was delicious.Mr. Ruggedly Hot Older Dude, I was the lone blonde obviously trying not to look, but looking anyway. Do you want to be my new daddy?
4	When rating Indian Cuisine, I tend to rate it based on a bowel-evacuation scale I developed years ago.For example, a normal movement would warrant little or no Indian-food respect, subsequently, no stars.On the other hand..There's the Cleveland Trembler; a violent ass-quake followed by a shit-tsunami only a large (and very sick) farm animal is capable of. The Trembler gets a full five stars.Well, where is Dehli in the whole scheme of things?So glad you asked.Dehli has never made the Trembler, but it IS darned close.The baingan bharta prepared to spice level eleven will send yer IBS straight into overdrive. In fact, all their dishes prepared to eleven will pretty much fuck you up for a good day or so.If I'm in the mood for Indian, I typically visit Delhi on Saturday night, this so I have an excuse to get out of Sunday Costco and all that other husband/father shit expected of me on my only day off. Why?Because even a day off with the shits is better than a day off fixing stuff around the house, shopping, or the all-too-familiar query:    "Is that all you're going to do today? Lay around on that damned couch?"I
4	We stop by here on a regular basis, even though it is on the other side of town; not because they have the best indian cuisine in the valley, but because their service is considerably better than most other Indian food places that we previously visited.The lunch buffets, no matter which day we have gone, have always proven to have such a large variety. No surprises here. Just good Indian cuisine.The prompt and attentive service is what really differentiates them from every other place we have visited. The wait staff never ceases to fill and refill our plates with a generous amount of naan bread. And the drinks are refilled promptly. Some could say that their continual visitation could be perceived as annoying and bothersome. But, in comparison to other places, there is a very distinct difference.The food is decent, not stupendous, but good. The service is even better. And the prices are decent as well. They have to, since most of their weekday clientele are ASU students. They would not survive long if they priced themselves out of their primary market.
5	I just moved here from Orlando, where I had an amazing Indian place I frequented.  Delhi Palace is now my new favorite Indian cuisine restaurant in the PHX area, so much that I don't miss Orlando.  I'll definitely be back even more times in the future to try more dishes.  The staff has always been quick and courteous, despite not always speaking English that well.  The food is the real draw.  It's fantastic!My favorite is the Fish Masala.  Give it a shot!
3	This is a little hole in the wall Indian place right behind Club Tattoo on ASU campus (Rural and University). There is a Vietnamese, a Thai, and an Ethiopian restaurant all in the same shopping center so my coworkers were joking it was like the League of Nations. We all went there one day for their lunch buffet and it was pretty tasty. They had a good selection of meat dishes (in addition to vegetarian) so that was a big plus for me. I do wish they would have had some spicy options since everything I ate was pretty mild. But the food did have a good flavor. They also had fresh made chai tea which was nice. And the price was good. I will probably go back again.
4	Very good Indian food with great service! I always love a good lamb vindaloo and I think theirs is the best in Phoenix!
4	Free chai and bottomless naan with the lunch buffet!  This place was a go to for getting filled up on $10 when I was going to ASU, but as a vegetarian I always found its chickpea dishes left something to be desired.  Coming back as a reformed vegetarian and omnivore, I realized this place has some fantastic chicken.  The classic tikka masala and tandoori chicken are both good, with nice cuts without too many bones.  I also really liked the saag this time around.  Lentils were as good as any I had in Nepal, and not nearly as watery as they were there.  They've redecorated too and the paintings are brighter and more cheerful than they used to be.
3	I can't speak for the dinner since I went for the lunch buffet, but the food I had was good.  Not a lot of selection since it was a small buffet, but the chicken tikka masala was tasty.  The rice was done right too, which is a plus for me.I'd probably go back again.
5	This place was amazing although we were bummed to find that the buffet was just lunch. The food was amAzing and well priced the portions were totally legit and I loved every bite of my roasted cauliflower dish my friend ordered a less legit mushroom dish that was wrapped in naan type stuff like a giant mushroom panini (was really good as left overs with its three sauces 2 Of which ruled 1 or which was tasteless and odd . there wasn't na'an on the menu thou just other bread not called na'an . I would def think I should point out there's no pictures on the menu and the staff seemed to lack the English skills to convey what exactly each dish was if I was to ask so I just choose to guess turned out well for me not as hot for my buddy
5	Came here for dinner. Was honestly blown away. The food was some of the best Indian food I've had in the states. Tender chicken, delicious curry, and perfectly baked Naan. If you're a fan of Indian food I highly recommend you stop by.
5	The most delicious Indian food in all of the valley. You must try this buffet....  Service is excellent also
5	This place is a delight. I have been coming here since 2005 and its a hidden little gem in a strip mall on Rural and University next to the FedEx Office. The staff is friendly and always ask me how I'm doing and how work is going. The food is delicious. They do a great lunch buffet every weekday from 11am to 2:30pm - til 3pm on the weekends - and the variety keeps me coming back. The items on the vegetarian portion of the buffet change every day. Yes the buffet is divided by vegetarian and meat options, which make a good place to take those of the non meat persuasion. On any given day, you could try some great spicy vegetable biryani, some delicious lentils or dal, some creamy and savory palak. Or it could be vegetable korma, aloo ghobi, bombay potaties, aloo eggplant, vegetables, pakoras, salad and more.The meat portions of the buffet always includes the best chicken tikka masala in the Valley (even better at dinner!), yummy tandoori chicken, and a selection of curries, from goat to chicken and lamb vindaloo.At dinner, the menu is more family style, where you get a large portion of the item and and you can order naan or rice on the side. The menu is more expansive at dinner, includes items like chicken biryani, which is delighful and many more curries and types of aloo. There's a few times Ive made extra rice at home and come just to pick up some tikka to take home and got comped the rice. At lunch, they give you endless naan as well.Ambiance wise, they recently redid the interior with murals depicting India and its very inviting.Bottom line, great staff, lovely decor and ambiance. Delicious food at dinner and lunch make this place well worth checking out.
5	I was twice taken here and can't speak highly enough of a truly enjoyable dining experience. My host spoke of the flavors, atmosphere and described each food item as if he were painting a picture. I share his enthusiasm.
1	I ordered takeout tikka masala and it was horrible. Mushy, short grain rice and dry chicken. On top of that it was $15! $15! I've never payed so much for an entree at an indian restaurant. There are many good indian restaurants in tempe and this is not one of them.
5	havent been to an indian restaurant this good in a while. everything was really flavorful. Im a tough critic when it comes to ethnic food too.
1	Hole in the wall restaurant, went here for the lunch buffet, and really did not like the food, it was very dry and did not have any flavor, staff was rude, won't be back, and you shouldn't go either.
5	Very nice food and top of that very nice service and people ...One of the best indian food I eat in USA
5	I love this place! We always go to the lunch buffet and it is wonderful. They keep the naan coming and all of the dishes are so flavorful. Also the tea they serve at the buffet is amazing! Whenever I go to an Indian restaurant it is hard to know what to order so the buffet is great for newbies who want to try everything. Every time I come in the manager comes by to see how everything is and the rest of the staff is great. One time I went in right before they were suppose to close (without knowing) and they never rushed me, even though we were those last minute customers.
4	3.5-4 starsThey have a decent selection for their lunch buffet. Great naan and tandoori chicken. Their tiki masala and goat were pretty good.
4	I'm going to separate my review into two parts for the reader's convenience. First is lunch, second is dinner.Lunch: Great, cheap north Indian food buffet, highlight is definitely the Chicken Tikka Masala. The lunch buffet has a large number of options, though, so if you're feeling adventurous, go nuts. After a few years of eating here, I have one piece of advice for you: avoid the goat. I've never had a visit where it's tasted good, and with so many options, why ruin the meal? The price is fairly cheap for an indian food buffet of this quality, and when you factor in that it is all-you-can-eat and that the naan is limitless, Delhi Palace's lunch buffet is a thing of legends amongst the ASU community. Dinner: This takes the food of the lunch buffet and makes it better (and it was already good to start!). Plus, you get to customize the spiciness of pretty much all the dishes, and you get a much larger variety of foods to choose from. Pro tip: If you are authentic desi and want desi spice, you'll need to really make sure your waiter knows. For people who aren't fond of eating raw jalepenos, stick to medium or lower. Prices for dinner can get expensive fast, and service is often slow, which is why I am giving this place 4 stars. TL;DR Lunch is cheap, plentiful, authentic, and tasty. Get Chicken Tikka Masala, avoid the goat, capitalize on the infinite naan. Dinner can get pricy and slow, but tastes twice as good as the already good lunch buffet, with three times the variety. If you don't like licking hot car doors in the middle of the summer, order medium or bellow spiciness.
