3	CPK is one of the first of many restaurants to open at Tempe Marketplace. While the restaurant is one of my favorites, the new location didn't quite blow me away during a lunch time visit with some coworkers this afternoon. Our server looked like he was 10 and took forever to bring our drinks. My peach lemonade (CPK is known for their mouthwatering flavored lemonades) had just a dash of peach syrup so you could barely taste the peach. And there was something off about the mac 'n' cheese, which I usually love. The cheese seemed to be extra runny today. While this dish, which isn't on the menu, is one of my favorites, it didn't delight at the new CPK. The highlight? The tasty key lime pie. Yum!!! I imagine the restaurant will get better in time. It's the first week it's opened so I'm taking this into account and will return again in a few weeks to see if it's up to par.
3	i've never really understood the California Pizza Kitchen love. it's good, but i'm never blown away by the food and want to go back. I only go when someone else wants to go. I've had a few different pizzas and they always seem a little "off" to me... my current standard is the Santa Fe chicken, and every time I get I can't help but wonder.. -why- caramelized onions? why not just regular onions, that would probably taste better with guac and sour cream? Maybe my taste just isn't refined enough, or something.
3	Don't get me wrong, I love pizza. But...I hate it when pizza sits in your gut like a cinder block. Even worse, when it makes you swell up to the size of Shamu - or at least makes you feel that way. If I have to eat here again, I'm going with something simple, like a salad.6/10/08 UPDATE:I did go back for lunch. I had a 10% off "surprise" coupon, so what the hell? My friend and I split the chicken rosemary sandwich, which came with a choice of soup, salad or slaw. Too bad they didn't have fresh fruit as an option!It was very tasty, especially since we asked for goat cheese. We opted to get the mustard on the side, though it turned out to be very tasty. Not a bad choice for lunch for $6. The service was better this time, too.
3	Originally the plan was to have dinner at Maria Maria with the family. The wait for a table on a Saturday evening was too long, besides my three year old was starving and demanded mac & cheese, so we decided to move on.  Strolling through Tempe Marketplace we found ourselves in front of California Pizza Kitchen, looking through the glass of the door we could see that there was no wait, and that is exactly what we needed. Walking in the door we promptly got greeted by a very friendly hostess and we got seated immediately  with  crayons ready for my little one.Here is what we ordered:Thai Crunch Salad, Carne Asada Pizza and Curly Mac n' Cheese. Generally I am not a fan of big franchise concepts but I have to say that the quality of the food was excellent considering it comes out of  a "system kitchen". At first I was not so sure about Carne Asada on a Pizza but it was surprisingly good. National favorites of two soccer-crazy countries, that had to go together. The Thai Crunch Salad was quite good as well and probably for the first time I noticed that all the ingredients mentioned on a menu item were actually in the dish. But perhaps that is just the way CPK designs an writes their menu.My little boy also approved the mac and cheese.On a side note we ordered one Maragrita (Cuervo gold tequila, not blended) and it was done well, but then how hard is it to screw up a Margarita?Over all we were very satisfied with our dinner at CKP, we got to sit down on a Saturday evening without waiting, the food came out quickly and the young waiter was very friendly. If I could rate this California Pizza Kitchen with 3.5 stars then I really would. The only thing I was not so fond of is that the check arrived at the table too quickly. I can appreciate the intention of speedy service, and that is good,  but please let me finish my dinner before you bring the check....or am I too old fashioned?
3	Today was my first visa to a California Pizza Kitchen.  I was very pleased with the service and the food quality.  I would not recommend the strawberry lemonade to someone looking to avoid a sugary drink; it tasted like soda without carbonation.  However, the pizzas were shared among my colleagues; we got the margherita.  We also opted for the Mediterranean salad.  The salad had lots of onions, which grossed me out, but the hummus was delightful, so that made up for it.  Also, our waitress was very attentive and friendly.  During the busy lunch hour with a moderate sized group, I was very impressed by the service!  I would come back.
3	Probably more worthy of 3.5 stars.  Damn the Yelp constraints!  Marketplace was pretty busy tonight now that you can actually go out in the evening without a gentle breeze feeling more like a blow torch in your face.  In spite of that, our wait to be seated was fairly quick.  But where was our server?  Outside listening to the band?  We need liquid refreshment!Finally our server arrived and apologized for the wait at the same time the manager arrived and also apologized and comped us an appetizer.  Wow!  We hadn't even complained.  We had the hummus which was very tasty but a little thin and a mango tandoori chicken pizza.  Nice combination of sweet mango, spicy curry sauce, and the grilled chicken.  Service was excellent once we got over the initial bump.While I usually don't plan to go to CPK, it's nice to know this one is there.
2	Like the previous reviewer - i found the pizza to be good tasting and it came with a gigantic salad for the lunch special.   However the service stinks.   We waited a while getting in because there wasn't a hostess at the desk.  She sat us in a nearly empty restaurant (we were there around 11:30am).  She said, "Bread will be right out."   or at least thats what we thought she said.  It turns out she must have said "Brett will be right out." as that was the name of our waiter.  It also turns out (because we asked) that they have a policy of only bringing out bread if you ask for it.  This seems like a stupid policy, if they want to cut costs by not just automatically bringing it out, they could just offer it and the people who don't want it could say no.  Or just take it off of their service all together.  Having some sort of secret handshake to get it just seems odd.  Maybe if we had asked for the free beer, that would have worked... who knows?
3	For as much as I love Pizza, California Pizza Kitchen somehow misses the mark with me.  It just lacks that "something" that makes me want to keep coming back as a chain.When date guy and I arrived, we were warmly greeted by the staff and we requested a booth.  It was Sunday night, and it was a rather quiet low key evening, so the restaurant was not exceptionally busy.  For whatever reason, we were seated in a HUGE booth that was meant for 6 people.  There were several other open booths that were meant for a normal party of 2.  Why were we sat at the booth of 6? No idea.  go figure.Anyways, We had a foccacia appetizer and it was amazing!  Loved it!  Best thing ever!  But, Patrick's mojito wasn't quite up to par, so we asked the server and she fixed it.  I guess there was hardly any mint in it and it tasted weird.  (I hardly drink, but I will take his word for it.)Anyways, I got the Santa Fe Chicken Pizza and it was fine. I don't remember what Patrick got, but he was happy with his food as well.  We passed on dessert and stuck around for a bit.I really liked our server, as she was professional and handled herself wonderfully, but service was kind of slow. I don't know if they were short staffed, but at one point I was dying of thirst and out of pop, so I walked to the bar to get a new drink, and was told that one would be out in a second.  It was, but I think the poor girl was overwhelmed.Anyways, I would return to eat here, no problem. Not a bad experience.
3	My daughter just flew in from Japan and wanted something to eat. So we picked CPK. The patio was packed, but there was a table for three. The waitress, Samantha, kept an eye on us. Friendly, efficient and courteous.We had the chopped salad and the mushroom, pepperoni and sausage pizza. Nothing like Italy, but it was okay. The chopped salad WAS chopped into really small pieces. I wish the pieces had been 3 or 4 times larger. I like to crunch down on my salad an not swallow it.  All in all it was a filling lunch for the three of us.
2	NOT a good lunch place if you're on a time schedule took us over an hour to get through our meal. Took longer than it should to get drinks, took longer than it should to get our orders taken, took longer than it should for our food, then took even longer to get our check, once the waiter picked up our check he then went and flirted with the girls at the bar while we waited for our credit card slip so we could sign and get out of there!The pizza was just okay ... I wasn't blown away ... I've been to this cpk twice once at dinner and once at lunch and it's never busy so you would think it's a good place for a quick meal but be warned people take there time in this place. Oh and the pizza is never hot when it gets to the table ... not sure why
4	I entered the CPK world late in life, and I'm sad about it because, apparently, I've been missing out.  CPK is great!  Contrary to what I thought, it's not just a place for pizza.  Although the place can suit all sorts of tastebuds, I would recommend going JUST for the pizza.  I went this evening for the second time in two weeks and ordered the BBQ chicken chopped salad.  It maybe could've used a little more dressing, but it was still good, so I can't complain too much.  When I went last week, I ordered one pizza from the MANY great options available, and I have to say, there is a reason it is called the California PIZZA Kitchen and not the California SALAD or PASTA Kitchen.  So 'Yay!  I'm a fan.' of the PIZZA here.  The other stuff....meh.  The servers are always pleasant here, and I never wait a long time for the food to come out.  Prices are what you would expect for a chain restaurant.  Parking isn't usually a problem unless there's an event going on at Tempe Marketplace.  The up-side to eating at this particular location is that you can browse the shopping area before you stop in or after you're done eating.Be forewarned: If you are ever asked if you want avocado with your salad, and you say yes, you WILL be charged extra.  Look out for this sneak attack.
3	I've eaten at this location about 3 times and picked up about 2 times.  Each time I eat the food I swear that it isn't anything special and that I won't go there again.  Anyway,  I was there last night and decided to give it a good ole' YELPing.  CPK is a typical chain where you know what is on the menu and the quality and price of the food you are going to get.  I have had a bunch of their pizzas and salads and they are all are pretty much the same no matter which location you go.  I am not a super huge fan of putting non-typical toppings on pizza, but I guess that is what CPK is there for.  I do like the crust though..I am a fan of a few of their salads because I am trying to be a bit healthier but after reviewing the nutritional information of most of their salads I realize I am doing more harm than good.  Last night I had the CPK Cobb and it was just ok.  Another salad I enjoy is the BBQ chicken one.The service is always very good and quick most of the time if they are not too busy.If you are in the area and want a decent salad and/or "California" style pizza, then CPK is a good bet.
2	I'm a big fan of CPK. The food is decently priced and super yummy. Today me and a friend went to this location. We got there around 1:15 and asked to sit outside. It took about 15 minutes to be greeted. We ordered our drinks and waited another 10 minutes. Finally a manager came over and took our drink order AGAIN and took our food order. She brought us our drinks and 5 minutes later our "waitress" brought us drinks. The food was good as always but I ran out of iced tea quick. No one ever filled it and a whole bunch of servers/managers walked by. I almost got up and filled it myself. It was just a hot mess and I don't know if I'd even return after that.
3	I come here often for lunches.  This location is always clean, they always get me in without a wait, and servers have been friendly.  I LOVE the Miso Salad with shrimp and crab...just order the half...it's plenty!   I'm gonna keep on coming back  for yummy lunches!
3	Love the Chinese Chicken Salad and Dumplings!! Been dining at CPK chains since I was introduced to it in the 90s at the Beverly Center CPK. I've always had good service so no complaints here. A full bar which stocks the Malibu for those rare occasions where I actually drink at CPK!
3	I used to love CPK when I was a kid, I would always go to the mall with my family and eat there. I guess now that I have gotten older and seen more places CPK has lost its appeal. It's kind of expensive for what you get, average food and ehh service. I ordered online and selected a time for pick up. I got there 5-10 min after the pickup time and waited around for someone to ring up my food. I'm like "I'll be outside with my dog so come out and get me" The manager comes out and is like.. oh Im sorry we just put your order in the oven, here are some coupons for free apetizers. But I have to order $15 worth before I get the free appetizer. Anyways, I went there because I had a giftcard but from now on I think I'll ask for Subway giftcards instead.
2	My wife and I and her friend went to CPK Friday night around 7:00 PM, we got a table right away and after getting our beverages ordered our food which took not less than an hour to get to our table. About 5 minutes into our meal the waitress comes by and asks if we want to see a desert menu WHA?? you take an hour to serve us and now you want us to hurry up and order desert! is somebody's shift ending soon? we said we'd hold off on the menu so what does she do? she brings it anyway! We skipped desert and left less than our usual 20% tip.
3	You can't go wrong with pizza...if you do you probably shouldn't own a pizzeria or become an employee of any pizza establishment anytime soon.  I love my pizzas...hot out of the oven or straight out the frig.  Yeah I love cold pizza - yum!  CPK keeps it consistent and they're always out and about trying to come up with new ideas for pizza -- Bacon, BBQ & Ham -- please another large to go :)  Always packed, but spacious enough where it's not too crowded; I definitely appreciate the formula of CPK.  Plus, who doesn't know what you're talking about now when you say CPK....okay I'm starting to just shoot off my mouth - in any case - enjoy!
4	CPK is a pretty standard place that you can go for for a good experience. I got a gift card for Christmas and treated one of my friends to dinner. They now have a small plates option which seems to be catching on, and my friend and I shared the quesadilla which was pretty good. I mixed it up that night and got the chipotle chicken pizza, while my friend had the hawaiian bbq pizza. I surprisingly enjoyed my pizza and my friend seemed to enjoy his as well. The service was good and while I don't usually come here often, it's always on my radar.
3	I used to love me some CPK. A decent pizza selection, an eclectic menu including greek, american bbq, asian, italian ... it's all over the place in a good way.I used to live by the Cobb (no egg) and pepperoni pizza. Delish! And they make a killer cosmo.But the more I went and tried other menu items, the more I asked myself ... why do I come here? I never really like anything new that I try, and if I do, it's so basic (like a wedge salad) that I find are hard to screw up. But, the service is usually great, and they do half glasses of wine for ~$3, which is great for someone that is wine-curious like me.
2	Went to CPK again tonight. It had been awhile since my last visit in late 2010. The place looked the same, had more or less the same menu, and thought it would be business as usual. We started off with some of their "small cravings" ... a little menu showcasing new smaller sides to share or enjoy before a meal. The Korean Beef Tacos looked interesting so we gave them a shot. Lets just say the only thing we were craving was our four dollars back after ordering them. Sure, cover anything in enough sauce it will taste okay. However, after eating a lot of tacos the past two weeks (been on the road traveling through CA), my money would have been better spent at Filli-anything or even Del Taco. The main course was average, but it felt very commercially produced. No real flavor or excitement, just food. Sorry CPK, but I won't be back anytime soon as my money is better spent elsewhere - especially with all the options available at Tempe Marketplace.
3	I've enjoyed CPK for a long time, it's quick, easy, and reliably tasty.  My issue with this location though is always the same, service.  Food is great, but service is terrible.  This time we were seated near the computers where orders are entered.  We spent most of our meal listening to chit chat about the fact that one of servers was married.  This went on for almost the entire meal, and since we were in for a late lunch there wasn't a lot of other tables around so I can't imagine that they didn't notice that we were there.  If you want to chat how about not seating one of the few tables right there.  Also we had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated, that's not a huge issue except for the fact that 3 servers walked by each saying that the hostess was around somewhere.
4	While I really do like the food here, the service at this location has been  touch and go. I teetered between a 3 and 4, but they get a four because despite some odd encounters with the wait staff, I'll still suggested it as a dinner spot fairly often. I could take or leave the pizza, but I have yet to have a bad salad there. My favorite is the thai noodle one- the dressing is amazing! Their small appetizers can even be enough for a meal, especially if you're in for lunch. I had the sweet corn raviolis and an order of the chips and guac, and I could barely finish it all. Very delicious!
4	This was our first time at CPK. I was craving a thin crust pesto pizza. They lured us in with fried mac & cheese. The pizza was good and larger than I expected for a personal pizza, yet still not proportional to the price IMHO.Fried mac & cheese: 5/5Pesto chicken thin crust: 4/5Five cheese and tomato: 5/5Service: 4/5Clean: 5/5
5	I don't usually like writing reviews for big national chains but I had to write a nice review about this place after our experience.  I've been to CPK's many times and never had a pizza I didn't like.  This time I ordered the chicken pesto and LOVED it.  I also love pizza places that offer whole wheat and thin crust.  The crust was awesome and the pizza was probably my favorite out of all the pizzas I've had there.One of our pizzas got burnt so our pizzas were taking forever and I needed to get back to work.  The waitress came over an apologized several times.  When she came with the pizzas she told us that the pizzas were on the house because they took so long.  This was not expected as most places in my scottsdale area would just say "Sorry, deal with it."  The perks of going to a big chain I guess?  The manager also came over and apologized.  This was very generous of them.  I love you even more CPK, even if you are a chain.
3	So..  This place is pretty good.  Knew about the place for ever, finally got around to checking it out a few times.Had Jumbilya one night and pizza and pompodorp ravioli the other time. Both were good.. not exceptional.  Prices not too high. Service was good both times.Not my favorite, but no complaints.  Sorry if this is a bit of a bland review, but that covers the place. It is good but just not great.
3	I'm a little sad that CPK has gotten mediocre. I have been going to CPK for at least 20 yrs back home in LA, I used to go to the Beverly Center and ordered the same thing that I do now.  . wow!  little disappointed. I don't mind paying for good food but when the quality keeps going down then I mind. I have always been a fan of the BLT pizza on honey wheat crust.  But what happened?  the crust used to be fluffy.  Now they pound it out like crackerbread.  I'm not a fan of thin crust pizza and it seems like that's what it is now.  it's disappointing.  The Korean steak tacos here taste like rubber.  As far as sandwhiches go, I like the chicken ceasar and vegetable on onion foccaia bread.  Salads:  the bbq chopped chicken salad, original chop salad, and the thai salad.  I love the corn tortilla soup.
3	This one was hard for me to rate.  Usually, I throw a 5 star rating whenever I hear the name "California Pizza Kitchen", but last night made me dock that rating.It has been a few months since I last enjoyed a meal at the ol' CPK.  This is easily my favorite pizza joint in the valley.  They have a wide selection of pizzas to fit every palate.  If you're not in the mood for pizza, don't fret!  They have plenty of Pastas, Salads, Sandwiches, and more to make everybody happy.Another real treat for me is their cocktail menu.  They serve some very fresh drinks that are a step above the norm.  Last night, I had their Plum Martini, which was delicious.  I could not even taste the alcohol... It literally tasted like I was drinking directly from a plum.  Delicious!My meal of choice is their Barbecue Chicken Pizza.  It used to be just another pizza on the menu, but right now, they seem to really be focusing on that one, so it does not feel as special.  If you are looking at their menu, they Bold it, highlight it in red, add a remark about it being "Their Classic Pizza", and so on and so forth... Let's not go over the top, guys.  It's a great pizza, but give the right amount of credit, and don't blow it out of proportion.The desserts here are also fantastic.  Yesterday, I sampled their Strawberry Shortcake, which is a plate of fresh strawberries, whipped cream, and a piping hot biscuit served on a cool plate.  Exquisite.After reading all this, you may be asking yourself:  Why is the rating only Three Stars?  Here's why.This place is expensive.  All of their food items are marked up at least 25% higher than what it should be.  The Barbecue Chicken Pizza would be great if it were, say, $10.  Here, it's $13.  The Plum Martini?  $8.50.  The Strawberry Shortcake?  $7.00.  This meal ran me $30, and that's without the tip.  I do not agree that the prices should be so high.  The food?  Fantastic.  The price?  It's way too high.  Overall Score?  3 stars.
3	Another chain that gives you exactly what you expect, and comes through.  There's way better and unique pizza than California Pizza Kitchen, but you always know you're going to get something that you'll enjoy at any of their locations (especially since they're all the exact same).  Although it does possess that out of box and thrown in the oven chain feel.The girlfriend and I split a half salad and pizza for lunch.  The wild mushroom pizza was pretty good.  Not greasy and the variety of mushrooms on top were pretty flavorful.  We had it on honey wheat whole grain crust, which complemented the pizza pretty well.  I wish more places would use a wheat crust.  We also split the thai crunch salad.  Really good. The Thai peanut dressing is fantastic.  Avocado was accidentally put in it (which they offer with an up charge).  It didn't cost us anything since it was a mistake, but I wouldn't recommend paying for it.  Not too much is thrown in, and it tastes out of place in an asian salad.It cost a little more than $30 to split the half salad and pizza.  Not too pricey, although most other pizza places will give you a bigger portion for that price.  But still, a good and fair lunch.
4	Okay so I love this place, like, a lot. My husband, on the other hand, hates it. The only time we come here is when he is taking me out to celebrate me or when he just wants to love me well. The food is why I come here. The white pizza and Hawaiian pizza are to die for. The pizzas here are probably my favorite pizzas of all time. The food (even salads and pastas) is easily five star worthy. The reason I give it a four is because it is a chain restaurant. I have become a little snobby when it comes to eating out, and I just wish I could be served the same food in perhaps a different atmosphere. Now, the restaurant is nice and everything, but it is lacking a certain unique and inviting ambiance. I guess I'm just too hipster and cool for this place nowadays. The service is always pretty good here. They used to give out bread before the food came out, but now it is only upon request. I would highly recommend giving this place a try if you are the rare 1% in the Phoenix area who hasn't.
2	Meh, indeed. The food at CPK is typically good enough... not really good, but good enough, The interior is cold and makes me kind of tired,,, it's just too boring and safe. Even the bar area just seems weird, like a hotel bar with worn out businessmen. Plus they make you beg for bread, CPK is a big chain, could giving out silly small portions of bread really be bankrupting them so much that they make you ask for some? Throw in the expensive for what you get price tag and I throw in two boring stars. Meh.
5	I LOVE CPK. They've added new items to the menu. The only bad side is their lunch prices are the same as dinner prices which is a bit disappointing. Average entree is $13-14. Add a drink & an appetizer .. you end up spending over $40 easily between 2 people.This location accepts 20% ASU discounts for Dine-In/Take-Out!!Plenty of parking since its shared with other business in the Tempe Marketplace but can be more difficult to find a close spot on the weekends.
4	It's a standard chain, but I'm a CPK faithful. I like the food; it combines Italian American faves and tries to do something different with it. The Kung Pao spaghetti is legit, so good!
4	The only CPK I've been to is at this location. I went here at least 3 times already and all 3 was different experiences. The wait is never long, except one time we 'made' a reservation for 8 even though they don't take reservation, they wrote us down and made sure we got a table quicker when we came back [:The food is is always delicious. I know people love their pizzas, but I always get the salad too. The roasted vegetable salad is amazing [: We always come in big groups so each of us we get a different pizza to share. So far none have disappointed us. I mean how can you go wrong. Just pick whatever pizza you are craving for and expect it to come out delicious.The only thing I would not recommend is the pasta, and I guess its our fault cause why go to a pizza place and order pasta.
4	I had an amazing server and the food was delicious.  I think this restaurant is a bit over priced for dough and lettuce though.  I had the "small plates" which are amazing but the portions are very tiny and you can't really share them with others, as I did with my 3 children lol.
3	I just don't get all the hype about CPK? What the heck am I missing.... The food is average, service nearly below average, prices above average. I gave this place yet another try with a co-worker during lunch time and regretted it as soon as I was sat outside on a cold over casted afternoon and the dang heat lamps weren't on!!! We would've waited but the hostess gave us an estimated wait time of 20 minutes and the place wasn't even at full capacity... Excuse me? Eventually, they turned on the heat lamps. We split the Works Pizza and an order of some sort of Bacon Avacado Egg Rolls; both were just average with no pop or bang. Even the sauces that were served with the egg rolls fell flat. There were leftovers and I'm usually a pizza garbage can so that alone says something. Will I come back, yes... but not on my dime!
2	I remember going to CPK years ago (in NY) and enjoying it.  But I must say I was really disappointed.  We ordered a Roasted Artichoke & Spinach Pizza, but it was just ok.  Maybe I'm just comparing it to Picazzo's AMAZING Puttanesca, but this was a fail.   It wasn't nasty, it just wasn't all that...  And we were starving so it should have been delicious.
4	#1 KUNG PAO SPAGHETTI #2 tequila fettuccineTHINGS TO ORDER AT CPK!
4	The last two times I've been to CPK (two different locations) I split the BBQ Hawaiian pizza (with no onion, of course) with whoever I was with, and both times it was super delicious.  The more recent time, I had a Mango Mojito which was dangerously good.  The service is average, nothing to note either way.  This is one of those restaurants you can pretty well expect what you're going to get; it doesn't change my life, but it's satisfying and yummy!
1	Edible but certainly not good.  Do people who eat their pizza have no clue what great pizza is?
2	I'm very disappointed in my latest CPK trip. I had the asparagus and arugula salad, pesto cream penne with chicken, and a diet pepsi. This came to $22.13, but my card was charged for $31.42. Okay these things happen. The manager said he adjusted the charge but it's not showing adjusted today. The pasta was lacking in flavor and the $3 upcharge for what looked like less than an ounce of chicken was absolutely not worth it. The salad was good, the service was prompt, but the value and quality of the food? Huge letdown.
3	decent food...
4	Food and service was good
4	I ate here with my sis n her hubby bubba, it was good, i have not ate at one of these places for a long time, i skipped over pizza section of the menu and had the jambalaya, not sure how to spell it, but it was good, could of been spicier, i prefer mine with rice instead of pasta, either way it was yummy to scarf down like i hadnt eaten for a week, also had some appetizer items, asparagus n arugula salad, light n yum, n some guac n chips, also fresh and tasty and some egg rolls of some sort also on the app menu, they were too effin good.
4	I used to come here on a regular basis and I was very disappointed when they removed the focaccia bread from their appetizer menu.  I still come here on occasion and noticed they added a Mediterranean Focaccio under small plates, so that makes up for the removal of the appetizer version. I really enjoy the garlic cream fettuccine. And the atmosphere is always very nice. The servers are always so nice and attentive.
4	Avocado egg rolls WIN! Pizza is ok.
4	Planned an Unhappy Valentine's Day for my single friends and I this past weekend, we got together for lunch and a movie, we all picked Tempe Market Place as the central meeting place for us, and the restaurant of choice was California Pizza Kitchen, and I haven't been to CPK in well over 8 years, so I thought this was a perfect choice! We arrived and were seated pretty fast, it was around 12:30ish on a Saturday afternoon. Our server was Faith, and she was good at making sure our table was taken care of!Now about 8 years ago I found my favorite pizza, the BBQ Chicken Pizza, it changed the way I thought of pizza, no longer did I think that pizza had to have a tomato base sauce, and to this day, I still love my bbq chicken pizza to be bbq sauce, cheese, chicken, red onions & cilantro, but I noticed on the menu right under the original bbq chicken, they had an Hawaiian BBQ Chicken it's just like the original, but with fresh pineapples added to it. OMG I love the combo of chicken and pineapples, so that's what I ordered, and let me tell you, it was perfectly delicious!  I also saw they had a small dish that was White Corn Guacamole, that had sweet white corn, diced avocado, black beans, jicama, bell peppers, cilantro & serrano peppers with white & blue corn tortilla chips. Omg this small dish was perfect to share and tasted so dang good, I think I am going to have to try to make it at home.I'll try not to let 8 years slip by before I come back to CPK next time.
4	Good visit! Friendly staff and consistently good pizza. Very clean restaurant--even the bathroom was spotless which was nice. Our server forgot about us after she dropped off our pizzas but it was still a nice visit. Try the beet and goat cheese salad. This one was pretty yum! And the California Veggie pizza ROCKED!
4	This place is pretty good and pretty healthy.  Love restaurants with healthy non kill you type foods.  Our favorite here is the bbq chicken salad and the habenero pizza.
1	Why do people go here and spend money? This place is overpriced and the food is awful. Plain awful. On my visit, there was 2 people other than our party in the restaurant and it took about 3 minutes to be seated and about 25 minutes to receive our food.  It was absurd.  The food came out lukewarm, at best. The food was bland and super salty and just...gross. I wouldn't ever go here again. just awful.
3	Stopped in here on a Wednesday night around 7 and the patio was full, but had no problem being seated in the restaurant. The service is very good, and the food is good...but oh so pricey for pizza and salads. They have a pretty good wine selection, but again, pretty pricey for basically a pizza place. I think the location helps bring in the diners (Tempe Marketplace) but there are other good pizza joints in town!
2	After a very long hot day at the art and wine festival on Mill Avenue, the GF and I decided to try a new joint (built up a pretty good appetite). Once again yelp came to the rescue. After reading many reviews about this place I was very hesitant to dine here. Seeing that we were already at the location and didn't feel like going anywhere else, we decided to get our food fix here. (Boy did I pay for that decision!).The restaurant itself is awesome, had the right lighting, the background music was loud enough to hear but low enough to hear each other talk, and it's an open bar. After being seated, we were greeted by a very rude waitress (Britni) who took our drink order. Five or so minutes later she came back with our waters and took our order. We ordered the California club pizza and also a peach tea. Fifteen minutes rolls by and no sign of our waitress, our glasses of water were empty, haven't got the peach tea yet (starting to get annoyed). The food runner brought out our "eye candy" pizza, Man - O - Man it looked delicious. Keep in mind we still haven't got the peach tea yet, with our waitress nowhere to be found I waved down another waitress, who kindly stopped and asked if we needed anything.  Ask her if she could get us a side of ranch and our peach tea we ordered 20 or so minutes ago. She apologized and said she'll be right out with it. Soon after she had left "OUR" waitress (Britni) shows up and ask if we needed anything. In my mind I was thinking (OMG are you for reals! Where the hell have you been!). Asked her about our peach tea and asked her for a refill on my water. She reply's back "Oh, I totally forgot about the peach tea".  No apology what so ever. The peach tea FINALLY came out after we were done with our pizza.To top it off she charged us for the troubled peach tea.Aside from the horrible waitress the pizza was awesome and full of flavor. P.S. If you hate your job that much, please do us all a favor and quit. Go find something else to do with your life.
3	The salad is good.
4	Very delicious pizza, extremely friendly service. I ordered the Carnitas Habanero Pizza and every bite was delicious. Our server, Logan,  was very friendly and helpful - he helped make our experience awesome. I will definitely be back here.
2	I went to this place with some co-workers during Wednesday lunch hour.  I ordered the Thai Chicken on whole wheat regular crust.  The ingredients, sliced carrots and bean sprouts, while fresh kept falling off because it was just sprinkled on the top.  Overall, I finished it, but something about the sweet paste didnn't really match what you'd expect on a pizza.  I am just used to having salty pizzas.The waitress was not attentive and did not refill my iced tea.  Not until we were leaving did she offer to fill it with water when I was just chewing the ice because I was just so thirsty.
3	I was checking in here and noticed the low rating they seemed to be getting and said to my husband 3 stars are they joking?  Have they tasted this food?  They cant be serious I mean have you had the BBQ chicken salad?  Have you tried the habenero pizza?  Those two items just keep us coming back but heres where things start to change and stars start to disappear.  Since Summer hit we can no longer sit outside and enjoy the patio its just too hot so we are forced inside.  The music is so incredibly loud and not just on one visit but the last 5 or 6 visits for that awesome salad we almost wanted to shoot ourselves in the head.  You couldnt have a decent conversation.  We couldnt hear each other.  We asked them to turn it down they did slightly then asked if it was ok and I said honestly no its still not ok its horrible.  They didnt turn it down any more like they should of but thankfully another song came on that wasnt as blaring.  Next few visits we noticed the music is off the charts insanely loud but we didnt want to draw more attention to ourselves we figured lets just get our salad and get the heck outta here.  The next thing that really starts to bother me is their cumbersome approach to a frequent diners card.  You sign up for the pizza dough ap and then they are supposed to load your points sometimes they load them and other times you dont get that lucky.  You have to be a pain in the butt asking about your points if they got it right etc. just not fun and tends to be embarrassing.  They have a new promo get double points til end of July or something but we never get double so they go ask management and management pushes it off on call corporate there is a number on front of pizza dough but there is only a number for them and when you call they blow you off again.  They probably would have retained that 4 star rating I initially gave if they only turn down the music and train all their employees on how pizza dough works oh and the curbside service sucks too wow do they not do a very good job of communicating.  Last two calls went horribly wrong I felt like I was on Candid Camera and these people needed me to help them do their job it was like an Abbot and Costello movie.  I call and say oh I didnt know you delivered it curbside the response is oh yes we do so I check to see if my salad is ready and she says when you pick it up and I say didnt you say you had curbside?  She says oh you want curbside?  (Its 120 degrees outside)  Yes I would like curbside.  She seemed flustered (had her on speaker) husband says screw this I will go in and pick it up.  I have called in orders twice and the communication was so bad both times we HAD to go in and pick it up rather than have them make good on their curbside service.  I guess that was maybe a very interesting way that they have come up with to get out of the 120 degree weather.  It worked!
4	Did pick up today for CPK! Used my dough rewards, had a problem, but the manager and waitress were AWESOME in getting the problem solved!! Took the pizza, salad and spinach dip home, I ordered my pizza to be thin crust, and sadly it was not correct! It all still tasted great, and I will return again!
5	Got the BBQ chicken salad, spinach dip, and the works pizza with my boyfriend. Everything tasted amazing! The only downfall was that we asked for the pizza on thin crust and they gave us original crust. It tasted delicious so I can't complain. The staff is hit or miss... But the guy manager is super nice and very helpful! Will definitely be coming back.
1	Very slow service on a Saturday afternoon with only 1/2 the restaurant full.Two of us ordered our pizzas before another friend came. The third person came at least 15min after we ordered and had to wait for our waiter to put his order in.  After about 30min from our initial order, the manager came over and said our order was "getting sorted out"--which was the first we'd heard of an issue. Our pizzas finally all came out together, still with no apology or even acknowledgement from our waiter that there had been some kind of issue.We left Tempe Marketplace after finishing and while at another store, I realized that I didn't have my Visa from CPK. I realized that the waiter never gave it back. So I had to take our entire party back to Tempe Marketplace, park, and walk back on a 110 degree day. When I got there, I told the woman at the front desk that the waiter hadn't returned my card. She told me to get out my ID and someone would be with me. Then she turned and did a walk through the restaurant, filling water, collecting plates, etc without telling anyone that we were waiting. Eventually, the manager came out and just handed back my card, with no apology for the waiter keeping the card to begin with. I should have known better than to go to a chain restaurant and I have been reminded again why I don't. Don't waste your time with terrible service.
5	I had the Mongolian spiced Chopped Salad... It was the best salad I have ever had. Beware that the place is small and if you have a large group eating you will wait a long time to sit down (we waited an hour). I would for sure go back to this location. Our server was great as well.
4	Four things to know about California Pizza Kitchen:1.  The food is delicious.  I used to call this place "California Pizza Sh*ttin" around the year 1999 when I tried the food back then.  I didn't like the taste 14 years ago, but I think their grub is pretty awesome now.  Tasty margherita pizza.  My wife, who had never been to a CPK before, was also very impressed not only with her pizza but also her salad.  My daughter really enjoyed her pasta.2.  The service is fantastic.  Our waitress was very friendly, helpful, and present--and that's exactly what we needed along with great food at the end of a stressful day.3.  It ain't cheap.  You don't go here for a bargain.  It won't break your bank, but this is upscale pizza, and a deluxe meal for your family of three could approach $70.4.  It's LOUD.  Between the music, and people shouting to be heard over the music, this place is updecible and well as upscale.  It's like a warzone soundwise.  Be warned.Great dinner.  The coupon and gift card we had helped a lot with the bill.  Yes, definitely recommended.
3	The salads are better than the pizza which is odd. For a place called a pizza kitchen you can do a lot better for pizza all of the valley. Now the salads are a different story. The portions are huge and the ingredients are well selected. I go for the Waldorf Salad. They seem to be pushing alcohol more lately which is fine but after two suggestive sales of booze at 11am on a Monday, it turned me off a bit.
5	I've had a gift certificate burning a whole in my wallet for far too long.  Finally, the chance to use it! Leah was our server and she was fantastic! I started off with a glass of Colby Red Blend, while enjoying my glass I goggled the story behind the wine, it was created by a father whose son had undergone open heart surgery twice in order to raise money for The American Heart Association. Great wine with a great back story! We split a salad and a pizza. After drastically modifying the Waldorf Salad with the cheese and dressing on the side we quickly realized a whole salad is way too big for just the two of us (and we like to eat) with a Wild Mushroom Pizza. The salad and pizza were fantastic! We will definitely be back!
4	I love this CPK. Their servers are always amazingly friendly, knowledgeable about menu options, and usually pretty funny. Their menu is extensive... something for everyone. My favorite is the Moroccan Spiced Chicken Salad and all of their pizzas are pretty good. Their seasonal soups are always fantastic too.
1	I am usually not one to complain about waits and time...But this particular visit was very slowThe hostess was so helpful and nice She noticed that we needed beverages so she just came and took care of us The CPK itself is busy but not swampedI am writing this as a continue to wait for my foodI'm also out of coke at the moment We just noticed that we weren't offered bread or anything There are so many servers just walking around but I don't see any of them carrying food or drinks...I'm about to order a drink... Because the bartender seems to be ON IT... Foods hereBut we need silverware Justine has come to our rescue, she isn't our server but she somehow managed to take care of us Finished the meal, was good Just waiting to get out of here nowStay tuned...
3	Good food, but very expensive.  They don't take reservations, but they do accept what they are calling, "call ahead".  That sounds a lot like the "reservation".  Weird.  Overall services were always good every time I go there.  Make sure you sign-up for their program for free food throughout your visits.
5	Went for a girls night out. We all got different pizzas and shared. They were delicious. The service was great. We had the Margherita pizza The Works and the California Club. They were all good. The thin crust as well as the regular crust was very good. Good crust can make or break a pizza for me. Our favorite was the California Club. Also had the Salted Caramel Pudding.  Delish.
4	Located at the Tempe Marketplace, this is one of my favorites. I have been going there for a few years now, for a total of may be 20 times. Even though they have tons of good stuffs, I could never get tired of the Kung Pao Spaghetti (I always have it with shrimp).  It's like the up-graded version of the chinese-restaurant kung pao, over spaghetti instead of over rice...
3	Same like any other CPK you can find. Great service when I came here in November.
3	When dining with picky eaters and vegetarians, CPK always seems to be the safest place to go.  I frequent this specific CPK a few times a year due to birthdays and mini-reunions and it's always the same:  Super busy, hot food, alcohol-infused drinks, and a good time.While the place is usually packed and wait time on a Saturday night varies between 30-45mins, service is usually decent and the tables and utensils are always clean.  A short wait isn't so bad in the company of great friends.  Food is pretty standard affair.  In the end, you're really just paying for the name and a standard pizza with fresh ingredients.  My usual go-to's are the Thai Chicken hand tossed, Tostada thin crust, and the Garlic cream Fettuccine.  Yum.
5	I love the California Pizza Kitchen. Everytime I go there its consistently good the service is friendly. The chicken piccata is to die for, also the BBQ chicken salad is top notch. Not super expensive but delicious, treat yourself.
3	I've been here several times now and one thing that never changes is how slow the service is. Every time, it's taken the server a long time to come to the table in the first place. On the other hand, the servers have been very friendly.I tried the mushroom spinach flatbread and it was very bland. For an entree, I had the ravioli, which was very good. However, if I hadn't ordered the appetizer, I would have left hungry. The ravioli needs to be a bigger serving.I've had different pizzas on other visits. My favorite is still the bbq chicken.Overall the atmosphere is very comfortable, however this time I wish I had sat farther away from the bar. The music being pumped out was too loud, to the point of distortion.
2	They don't have enough choices on the menu, and the ones they do are over priced. I'm not a fan of paying $10+ for an ultra thin pizza with hardly any toppings. I've gotten the potato soup here before, it was good but not enough to keep me coming back. Service was not friendly.
5	Great staff good service, the employes are very nice and polite, the food is great, and very nice atmosphere, try the chicken millines it's the best it town!!!I love spending time at the cpk  and I also like the curb side service!!!
2	To be honest I wasn't too impressed with this place. I had not so high expectations because it wasn't too crowded and it looked like mediocre food, but I had heard the pizza was good. I got some avocado and chips starer and it as all right, but so expensive for how much food I received! I also got the pear pizza? can't remember the name... But it has a huge mound of salad on the top of it that wasn't even centered on the pizza. Granted it was pretty tasty, but it just looked awkward and was awkward to eat. The worst part about the visit was that it was FREEZING in the booth we were sitting at . I know people in Arizona can go crazy with the AC, but this was just like I was caught in a wind tunnel. The service was great, but I was just so uncomfortable and wanted to get the heck out of there.
1	Wish I could give this place zero stars for value....I had been given a gift card to CPK and finally used it. I would NEVER go there and pay for the way over-priced food and quality that at best is fair. I ordered 2 pizzas ( mush, pep, sausage and the Hawaiian and for he prices they are a ripoff. $30.00 for two just under 10 inch pizzas ? AGAIN RIPPOFF... Considering you could go to Papa Johns and get 3 pizzas of better quality and huge in size they should be ashamed to take your money... NEVER AGAIN and you fools that give 5 stars to this ripoff must have stock or own the company....
3	I do like CPK, but the stopped serving my favorite pizza, BLT. How is this possible? The have bacon & lettuce & tomatoes in this restaurant, how can they not make it?! I'm SO disappointed!!!
3	My husband has been on a CPK kick lately.  I think we went 4 times in just a few weeks.  And I was ready to up my rating to four stars believing they had resolved their service issues, but it was not to be.Our last visit we experienced the worst service we have ever had in a restaurant.  My husband finished his drink before our appetizers came (they were busy, so the food was slow), but the server dumped the salads off so quickly, we weren't able to ask for a refill or ask for bread.  The kitchen brought our pizza, and we never saw our server again, nor that drink refill.  Well, we did see him, numerous times, but each time, he breezed past us, refusing eye contact.  I had to flag the manager down myself to open our game token thingies.  Not easy because he was actually the server for the patio.  He was very apologetic and offered to comp our meals, but I declined.  Our meal was good, I just wanted to let him know his server was AWFUL.  So my 3-star rating remains because the food is always great, but service is just too unreliable.
4	Had a small bites wedge salad. I thought that it was not going to fill me up but I was pleasantly surprised.  :) I'll be coming back later!!
2	For Christmas, my boyfriend and I received movie tickets and a gift card to CPK for a fun movie date night. We decided to make the plan happen one night and were excited to get out, as we hadn't been to the movies in a long time. We decided to sit at the bar at CPK because we were watching the World Cup. The bar area is probably not the most popular spot in the whole restaurant, because it only sits like 10 patrons, but we took a chance. Our bartender was a little strange. He mentioned that he doesn't drink repeatedly and it made ordering drinks a little awkward. At one point, we ordered a lemon drop shot and we asked if he could make them. He said they had a martini and he could just pour it into two glasses. Sure. Ok. Fine. I guess that works. It turns out he made each one of us a martini in a rocks glass and charged us for two martinis. This is not what we asked for. And next time, we'll just ask for a table so the bartender who doesn't drink won't make us feel weird about ordering drinks.I believe our meal was good, I just can't get over the lemon drop shot/martini confusion. I don't mind if someone who works as a bartender doesn't drink, but they should know how to make drinks, which is their job. Part of what you're paying for when you go out is the experience and it kind of ruins it when the situation gets weird.
2	Came here on a Monday night with some friends. The ambience is quite nice and the we were seated quickly. We weren't really hungry so we opted for splitting a pepperoni and Hawaiian pizza. Each pizza was around $11-$12 which was a little steep but we figured they would be big. We each had 3 slices which was enough to fill us up but the pizza itself is below average. The flavor of both pizzas was abysmal and I honestly think little Caesars tastes better. I also have it two stars because I mean $11 for a tiny pizza? GO TO LITTLE CAESARS. Definitely not worth it. I would not recommend CPK when there are plenty of other good restaurants near here.
2	I had signed up for the Pizza Dough rewards program to get a free starter. That was nice since it was my first visit.  Both the hostess and our server were pleasant and never left us hanging so they got an extra star there.The food, however, was bland.  The mushroom pizza I ordered was served with white truffle oil, but sadly even the strong, aromatics truffle oil could not save the pizza underneath it.My brother ordered the fish tacos.  This sadly was nothing to write home about either.Our friend told us some of the other food was better.  However, my brother and I ordered items that we would normally love on other menus.  That said, we probably won't be returning to CPK.
