4	I stopped by this shop yesterday to get my first pair of cycling shoes and cleats.  They had a small selection of maybe 6 shoes ranging from around $50 to $150.   I was clueless, and was thankful when Cody came over to help me.  He did a great job explaining to me the difference in shoes and cleats, as well as talking to me about my needs.  He showed me sizes and I picked out a middle range pair that could take me from spinning class to road biking.  The shop was empty so Cody took the time to talk to me about getting a road bike, something I need to do in the next month.  I really liked that he respected my price range, and actually encouraged me to start with the basics and not go all out buying the best (ie expensive) equipment.  Refreshing!  He showed me a catalogue of competitive road bikes in my price range, and hopefully they'll have those in soon - I'll be back!!  Apparently they have a shop in Ahwatukee, and are opening 2 new stores.
2	The selection of mountain bikes is GIANT and KONA. All the prices on those bikes are full MSRP. The GIANT rental bikes they have at 50$ range are low quality and not very good for riding South Mountain. The chain got tangled up and there was a giant amount of black sludge around it (forgive the pun)Accessories are all full price and only expensive selections.People working there are helpful but also trying to pull every dime out which makes me believe that they are more concerned about making more money than giving you what you need.I test rode a few bikes but the process was excruciatingly slow with many people working there but few people paying attention to customers.
5	The customer service at this place is great. When I went, the shop was pretty busy, but the guys working were on top of it! They knew everything about anything that had to do with riding a bike. I explained that I couldn't spend a whole lot of money on replacements for mine, so they figured out how to oil a few things up and replace a couple small things, and I was good to go! Wal-Mart bikes are history for me now that I know about real bikes. Yeah, they are a lot more expensive, but they are a lot cheaper when you figure in how many times you will have to get it fixed! The shop dog is adorable, the guys are super nice, and the selection is small.. but it's just right. Who needs a huge selection when you can have a small selection of just the right items? The helmets are the coolest on the block, and the accessories.. I didn't even know I needed so many cool additions on my bike!
1	I wanted to like Cactus Bikes in ahwatukee and be a frequent customer because I like to support locally owned businesses...but as a consumer I still expect value and decent service.I've rented a bike there and liked the guys working there - a guy nicknamed "Fish" helped me out and is a good guy. Went back a couple months later to buy some clipless pedals for a bike a purchased elsewhere (almost purchased from them, but found their prices on used rentals way too high and found a better value online).New to Mountain Biking I still wanted a local bike shop for service and accessories and was looking for advice and ended up buying a used pair of pedals that they recommended.Got home, did some reviews on the pedals and found out that not only were they OLD models that are no longer sold, they had HORRIBLE reviews AND I OVERPAID - - THEY CHARGED ME FULL RETAIL for used merchandise!!! I could have gotten much better pedals, new, online or on ebay for half the price.So I took them back less than 24 hours for a refund...and then I learned of the consumer dreaded "RETURNS FOR STORE CREDIT ONLY". In my opinion, this is just bad business and virtually gauranntees that I won't be back. I can't blame the guys working there...they're just employees and follow orders - not their fault. I do hope the owner reads this and changes their policy...So the employees did what they could within the narrow boundaries set by the owner, tried to help but I just wasn't happy, they exchanged them for another pair of used pedals they had in stock. In this economy I like to feel good about the money I spend...and I left Cactus Bikes feeling like they got the best of me.
5	Good service & attitude, huge inventory.
5	Justin and staff are very friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable.
2	Have you ever walked into a place of business and you feel like you walked in the back door that the employees use... or maybe before the place was officially open for the day but the door was unlocked? Well, that is how I felt when I walked in here. I don't know if everyone was just busy working on a project or just a bad day but that is how I felt that day.Now when they finally did realize I was there I asked them if they had what I wanted. They did not so I took off so I don't have a TON of stuff to say about the place. I just felt that the place catered to BMX type bikes and I was that idiot that walked in that didn't know **** about bikes and was wasting their time. Oddly enough, at the time I was quite into biking.My experience here is being compared to Performance Bike.But then again, maybe they were closed and I walked in the wrong door?
5	I did not buy my bike from Cactus bike as I was looking for something a little different than what they stocked. However, the bike I did buy needed a little adjusting in the brakes as the front ones were rubbing on the wheel. I'm a bit of a biking newb and while I could have figured it out eventually I thought I would stop in and see if they could offer any assistance. Offer assistance they did! Unfortunately I didn't get his name, but one of the staff came out and worked with my bike for about 10 minutes until it was working correctly. I was able to bike my way home without stopping for breath 5 times or going at the speed of snail. While I didn't buy my bike here, I would absolutely recommend them just by the customer service alone. Thank you for your help!
2	The real measure of a great business isn't how they treat happy customers, it's how they treat customers who have an issue. The employees of this business are nice, cool and helpful, but sadly they are led by an owner who does not understand how to treat customers.  A group of friends and I flew to PHX for a four-day ride on the Arizona Trail. We were hoping for good local advice and for good rental bikes that were equipped to handle the trail. We got the opposite. We were advised that we did not need slime in our inner tubes, which ended up costing us our first trail day. Collectively we had 12 flats in our first hour on the trail because (as we quickly learned) the AZ trail is full of sharp hazards and slime is absolutely necessary to avoid flats. We had to abandon our first day and catch a ride into Tucson to buy slime tubes. Take my advice, not theirs - if you're riding the AZ trail, buy several slime tubes or your trip will be ruined. Another issue is that two of the rental bikes from Cactus had split tire sidewalls. To send a bike out like that is amateur. Unfortunately, by the time we discovered this, we were about two hours from Cactus and ready to embark on the trail, so we booted one tire and changed the other to a brand new tire we had purchased (and which they now have on their rental bike courtesy of us). After the trip, I called the manager about these issues and she immediately got defensive and turned everything back on me. She said it was my fault that we listened to her employee's advice about the slime. And she straight up said I couldn't be telling the truth about the split sidewalls, because her shop would never make a mistake like sending out a bike like that. I think this shop must not have much nearby competition, or maybe she just doesn't care about my business because I'm from out of town. I got off the phone feeling beat up, and I'm the customer (who spent hundreds in her store). I don't think it's unreasonable to count on a bike shop for good local biking advice, and to count on that bike shop for a rental product that's checked out and ready to ride. But it's not even those issues that are most galling. Everyone makes mistakes - that's just human. But my treatment on the back end was terrible and prompted this review.
4	Every time I have come here I get very good service.  The people are friendly and do great work.  I brought a bike in for a full tune/clean and they fixed issues that other shops glossed over.  It is a small shop so they don't have a huge selection but for what it is this is a great place.
5	Took my thrashed mountain bike in for my first tune-up after 2 years of riding. The 2 bike mechanics I worked with were great, answering the few questions I had, and were honest with what I needed done (they could've told me I needed this and that and I wouldn't have known any better). My estimate ended up being less than I thought...its always nice when your wallet takes less of an impact! They are my new go-to local shop.
3	I've had a few good experiences here, getting my mountain bikes serviced. However, last time I was in there. the service went from professional to amateur. I simply wanted my old pedals and odometer swapped off my old bike to a new one. The young kid helping me kept telling me they were slammed with weekend work tickets. No problem, I was planning on leaving the bikes at the store. This was Tuesday a.m., wanted the bike back end of day Weds. He kept telling me there was no way they could promise that. Fine, but this was a only 20 min job. I don't fault the young kid, he was just doing what he was told. It was his boss/manager, working on the computer, who seemed thoroughly annoyed with every question the kid would throw his way about my needs. Not once did he seem interested in helping me, nor did he even take a moment to turn around to greet me and behave like a manager or professional should. I left and took the bikes up to Bike Masters at San Tan mall. Scott told me he would be happy to do it right now. They also had bikes they were currently working on, but he went out of his way to take care of me in less than 20 mins. I expected to leave the bikes and pick them up later. This was above and beyond.
5	Took our Mountain Bikes in last week for a tune up.  Found the people to be super nice, honest and fast!  Bikes were done same day, look and work great!  We will be regulars for sure when we need anything.  Ask for Matt or CJ, they are Awesome.
