1	I had to stop a second and think: What is my major complaint with Doughboy's?. hmmmm. None. I love their pie. It's not a traditional fluffy crust type. It's a little heavier, but that matches their toppings. They have a 2 topping 12 incher that is 2 meals for me. It's 8 bucks, not too bad. The sausage is ground and they heap it on, m m m m yummy. They also have some great wings.EDIT: Well after sitting, waiting an hour and a half for my pie that I ordered via the website, I decided to call. It was great to get a bunch of attitude and hear how I didn't use the website correctly. I've only been ordering that way for months. Somehow it's my fault and did I check my bank account.? Really? The owner got on the phone and offered no help. He just kept saying "What do you want me to do?" I want food! He should have offered to take care of the situation instead of beating around the bush. For the owners ignorance and the girl who answered the phones attitude towards a good customer, you get 1 star. You will never see another dollar of mine.
1	The food is ok, nothing very special.  It would be worth at least a three or four star rating if they were able to take orders consistently without mistakes and then acting like jerks about it.  As it stands, I will avoid them, plenty of other mediocre pizza places around.
5	wow!  great pizza!  i work in avalon and there's plenty of mediocre pizza in the boroughs..doughboys is by far fantastic!  was well worth the wait and pizza was delicious and arrived piping hot even after traveling all the way to avalon..i was pleasantly surprised at the amount of cheese and toppings!  you gotta try this pizza!!
5	My mouth is watering just thinking about it!  By far the best pies and subs around. Living in a neighborhood that has 10+ pizza joints this is the best!! And they support our community's by helping our children through sponsorship and everything else. Well worth the wait
4	We order from here once or twice a month (if not more) from work.  Their pizza is always great, especially the CBR and so are the wings.The only down fall is the garlic parm wings.  Unless you like a lot of parm on your wings, there is a bit too much for our taste....and smell.Overall though, it's two thumbs up!I had to add this update.  Yesterday, I ordered a "small" Hawaiian calzone for lunch.  Holy Cow!  I wouldn't want to see a large one!  Not complaining by any means, but it will feed a few.  It was as big as the box, about 12" x 12" and yes, it was really tasty!  I was definitely able to share with the guys.  One thing about Doughboy's, you don't only get quality, but you get a lot of tasty quality for the money!  :)
5	Dude this pizza is the best love the hot sausage... And the honey mustard wings are to die for.... The family special is what I always get: 1 large pizza, 2 one whole hoagie, 3 a dozen of wings, 4 a two liter of pop ... My favorite... Keep up the good work... hometown boys...
3	I stopped by here a couple of nights ago to pick up a pizza with my fiance after it was recommended to me by a coworker.  Said coworker explained to me that I could order online and I was impressed with the ease to place an online order.  I ended up ordering a plain 18" XL inch cheese pizza to go which the website said would be ready for pickup in 30 minutes.  I arrived at the restaurant just after the 30 minutes and was told that it would be another 2 minutes.  It took 5 minutes which gave me some time to look around the place which seemed to be decorated with photos of the owner and his family.  There were a ton of them and they kept me busy for almost the whole time that I was waiting.  I also noticed that while I was waiting a customer came in to return his pizza and get a new one.  While I couldn't hear what was being said I did notice that the bottom looked a little burnt and also heard the end of the conversation where the man was dissatisfied after the owner explained to him "that is how we do it here".  After I arrived home with the pizza I eagerly dug into it.  The first thing that I noticed was the more than ample amount of cheese on the pizza which also tasted very good.  It helped to cover up the fact that the sauce was a little less viscous than I would have liked and lacked much flavor.  Finally the crust had an odd chewy texture to it which while I did not dislike it, I did not actively like it either.  Since the pizza was quite large we ended up with some leftovers and I think that I liked the pizza better cold as the crust had a different texture.The bottom line for me is that I would not line up to head back here in the future but I would be going along with someone else if they wanted to.  My favorite part of the pizza was the cheese and how much was on it, now if they could only get a nicer crust and a thicker sauce.
4	Ordered a large white pizza. No tomato. Added pepperoni, sausage, onion, bell pepper and extra cheese. I'm not a big sauce fan. The pizza was great. But the guy running the shop coulda been a bit nicer. Went to counter and heard what do you want. I've never been to this place and was kinda taken back. Maybe just a few manners and I coulda given it 5 stars. I would recomend
3	Ordered delivery on a Sat for a steak wedgie!! Order it all the time and add extra meat as I always do! I'm not one to complain and love this place best food around hands down! Called at 5:30 and was told it would b about an hr so at 6:45 no food still so I called was told it was in the way which I understood it was sat I'm sure they were busy! Food arrived at 7:05 not to happy but oh well when I went to cut a piece for my 3 yr old daughter who was crying at this point saying she was hungry I noticed there was barley any meat on it at all!! So I called beyond pissed off at this point they then tell me they have to check to see if I was billed for it which I know I was being I'm a regular and I order this item all the time so then he tells me I can keep it and receive a $5 credit next time or have a new one made like r u kidding me I waited an hr and a half and u fuck up my food I got a kid to feed and ur telling me u made a mistake and won't fix it by resending it and still giving me a $5 credit well I asked for a manager and this man tells me he is the manager wow nice customer service well I asked for the owner and I assure u if they do not credit me I will never order from there again never ever yeah I will miss the food but I got a hungry crying kid and u can't make up for ur mistake after ruining my dinner not gonna happen
5	Top notch Pizza and hoagies.  Great white pizza!  Try a juggernaut, you will love it!  I have never had a bad meal.  From steak salads to wings, and pizza to hoagies, I have never been disappointed.
5	Doughboy's is easily the best pizza place that delivers in the West End.  I started ordering here just because of the glorious online ordering, and now they deliver to my place at least 3 times a week.The pizza is a little different than the norm.  It's a little thicker, with lots of cheese and heavy toppings.  However, aside from occasionally getting smothered in toppings, I have no complaints about the pizza.  Bonus points for using real bacon.The sandwiches and wings here are also very good.  Nothing particularly stands out, but nothing has ever been bad either.Honestly, my biggest beef is that they're closed on Sunday, AKA National Hangover Day, which is a crime against hungover humanity.
4	Great steak & cheese subs.  Great prices.  It's a long wait for delivery, but worth waiting for.
