5	I went here a couple times during a business trip.  Frank and staff are very friendly and make you feel right at home.  If you get a chance to talk to them they really care about the quality of their food.I've tried the adobada, carne asada, and carnitas soft shell tacos, carnitas torta and bacon breakfast burrito.  The tacos are larger than most taco shops I frequent.  That is a plus!  I breakfast burrito will hit the spot anytime of the day.  The torta is also pretty big and is delicous!  I personally like the green sauce with all those items.    I know I will be back in the are for business and I'll be stopping by to visit!
5	I've been reading about Phat Phrank's in several local newspapers and magazines and finally decided to give it a try. It's in a small strip mall off Decatur and the 215, down the street from Rhythm Kitchen and owned by a Cali transplant named (you guessed it...) Frank. While they do have some traditional Mexican dishes, this restaurant isn't your typical 'authentic' taco shop. It's a more modern take on Mexican/Southern Cali food.Their tacos are a little larger than some street tacos elsewhere, using 6-inch tortillas instead of the 4-inch ones. The two tacos I had (carne asada and adobada) came with a good sized portion of steak and pork, respectively, with a little cabbage and cilantro on top, with your choice of 4 salsas on the side. While the carne asada taco wasn't the best I've had, it was still very good and the adobada was so tender, but crispy around the edges and packed with intense flavors.And the churros... mmmmm... the churros. They are reason enough to stop by Phat Phrank's. Four of them stacked on a plate and drizzled with caramel, chocolate and vanilla. Big enough to share, but I refuse to.The customer service here is second to none, with the staff bringing your food out when it's ready and Frank walking around chatting up all the patrons and checking to make sure everything's ok. He even brought out a sample of his ceviche for me to try. Tomatoes, cilantro, onions, and chopped fish cooked in citrus juices. It also had a good bit of heat to it.They also have a breakfast menu (which I haven't tried) with breakfast burritos, huevos rancheros, and spam+chile, among other things.
4	First time I stopped there was after 6 pm on a Friday. I didn't realize they closed at 6 pm on Friday. Went back the next week for lunch and had a chicken burrito. Nothing terribly adventurous but good quality food at the right price. Service was exceptional. They do most of their business for breakfast so I must return
4	I was a little hesitant to check this place out, why? Because it is a Mexican restaurant named, 'Phat Phrank's'. That saying, 'don't judge a book by it's cover' stands true, as I was able to get over the name and try this place out.Everything I have had is absolutely yum to the max! My favs:*Chips and Guacamole* the best! Cheese EnchiladasBean, Rice and Cheese BurritoBean TostadaPhat Phrank's is super reasonable and they deliver with no minimum charge.
5	Had a sausage breakfast burrito today and it hit the spot this morning.  The burrito was huge and will cure anyone's hunger pangs.
4	Summary based on 1 lunch:--good, varied Mexican style food--very friendly, helpful service--inexpensive--easy parking--clean bathroomStopped here based on Yelp reviews looking for something in between LAS and the industrial parks to the south.  It worked out fine and I'd come here again.
3	Close to my new office so of course i gotta try a few times.I'm still trying to figure out if this is a good location for a biz ( next door to " not your average deli " there was a hawaiian pizza place that didn't last ad you don't see the biz from the main street - decatur ) I've tried the carnitas burrito ( i think it was $5 or so ...sorry i forget ) and i tried the carnita's nachos ( about same price  ) nacho's were tasty -  decent amount of meat on them  but needed some salsa.The burrito - waaaay to much bean ! The place is boring and the food matches the vibe .Before i give  the thumbs down i'll need to try the tacos since         Mr. Taco Clint gave it high marks pics added
5	This is truly good Mexican food - their tacos are light and delicious , lots of meat and extremely good flavor.  There Barbacoa anything is great, and their chicken is all white meat and flavorful.  One thing better than their food is their service.  The owner has been there every time I stop by, with the family cooking in the kitchen.  This is a place I will gladly go to and eat to support a working family, and eat their amazing food in return.
4	I came here on Sunday with my husband he had the regular Carne Asada and I had the breakfast Carne Asada. What's the difference you ask?. ..mine had eggs, and potatoes. The burrito was filled with seasoned tender meat, eggs, and potatoes. It had a good flavor to it but I'm super sensitive when it comes to salt ...it was a bit on the salty side for me. My husband loved his burrito he liked the fact that the meat was not hard and there where no pieces of fat in it. The service was outstanding you can tell Frank has a lot of heart and he put it in this place. Our cups never went empty and the service was very attentive. I would love to come back and sample some of their dishes that have chicken in it because I hear it's pretty " Phantastic"!
4	Phat Phrank's has been on my 'To Do List' for a very long time.  I had a meeting on the other side of town and had to pass by the Decatur & 215 exit on the way home around lunchtime, so I decided to finally give Phat Phrank's a try.Since I'm on my Lent 'No Meat' diet, I was browsing the menu for Meatless items.  The man behind the register asked me if he could help out....I told him my situation and he was very happy to help me decide what to get.  He suggested a Cheese Enchilada ($6.99).http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dJF4C707KVhFx1qcRJhlEA?select=diO_EDsbajdUCPr988G3NgI went with his suggestion and also added a Bean & Cheese Burrito ($4.29) for good measure.....ha!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dJF4C707KVhFx1qcRJhlEA?select=ufDngqGNAIWOrMqXuAzvngHe chatted me up while ringing up my order and I discovered he was Phrank, the owner.  He's such a cool guy.  He's from So Cal and we were talking a bit about the State as I'm also a So Cal transplant.....although I left many years before he did.After a few minutes he brought out my order.  I was pleased to see that the Cheese Enchilada also came with a side of Rice & Beans....although it meant that I ordered too much food.  Sometimes my stomach tricks me into these situations.  Oh well.I went for the Cheese Enchilada first....and yum!  It was very, very good.  I'm glad Phrank suggested it to me.  Next up was the Burrito.....unfortunately, after all of the flavor from the Enchilada, the Burrito tasted just OK.  For a Bean Burrito though, it was solid.  Next time I'm going to order just one or the other.I'll have to come back after Lent so I can try out some of the other signature dishes.  If they're as good as the Cheese Enchilada, I'll be back a lot.Return Factor - 97%
4	Hungry and off the beaten path, found Phrank and ate delicious authentic Mexican food. Nice family. Great service. Yum! (Not the healthiest, but it is called Phat Phrank's.)
5	I lived in Las Vegas for a few years and was never satisfied with any burritos I tried...Until I found Phrank's!  THE BEST BURRITO IN TOWN!  At least out of the places I tried...All the meats are heavenly!! The green salsa is so good and thick it almost reminded me of something you would get at an Indian restaurant. Really good.I only tried burritos there the few times I went. These are really big burritos with rice & beans.  But it is done to perfection!!! I wish Phrank a long and wildly successful career!  Thank you!!
5	Phranks was the best food we had this weekend in Vegas.   FYI, the meal before Phrank's was at Mesa Grill....Bobby could learn a lot from Phrank. Phrank himself was behind the counter.  Cheerful and genuinely interested in his customer's input, Phrank really wants you to enjoy his food.  I had a fish taco plate that rocked.  The fish was super-crispy on the outside and perfect on the inside.  The cabbage and creamy cilantro sauce were awesome.  Phrank let us try all his salsas and I would say his regular red was my fave...you must order the roasted jalapenos...he marinates them in some sort of lime concoction so they have a tasty spicy tang to them.My wife had a torta adobada that I would say was a cross of a torta and a pulled pork sammie...different than tortas I have had in the past, but really good.
4	I was visiting a client down the street and found this on my Yelp App. Located in a odd spot and smaller I was greeting by Phrank the owner who is from Redlands CA. Phrank took the took the time taking orders personally and even came out to the dinning area and made sure everyone was happy! Now that's service. After placing my order with Phrank at the counter my food arrived within minutes is seemed like. I saw good reviews for the fish tacos and went with the fish taco combo plate. Tacos were yummy, sizable pieces of deep fried fish with cabbage and a light white sauce. I added some salsa which gave my tacos a nice kick. The beans and rice were also good. Phat Phank's has been here two years and it's nice to see a non big box place chain do well. I'm looking forward to coming back and trying the tacos and burritos - prices are reasonable and service is great.
5	Famished from an afternoon of shopping, we took a turn into this lot on Decatur, and headed for the deli. To our surprise, there were three fast casual choices in this restaurant row. Since all the menus were posted in the windows, we surveyed our options. We decided on trying something new and patronized Phat Phranks. Although the name sounds like a hot dog stand to me, it's actually Mexican food. The restaurant has a strange hodge podge of decor. It's Asian/musical? But spotless, clean and cute nonetheless. The man at the counter could not have been more welcoming and polite. I assume this was Phrank, as he was featured in pictures on the wall. He asked if we had been before an then walked us through the menu. After a tantalizing description, we both settled on a carnitas and Carne asada torta. The sandwiches were awesome!!Soft bread griddled crisp and filled with flavorful, tender meat, crisp, fresh shredded cabbage, cilantro, and onion.  The bread was smeared with a refreshing white creamy sauce.  Phrank had explained they use the same stuff on their fish tacos.  The sandwiches are served with lime wedges and 4 types of fresh salsa.  All had great flavor.  We decided we preferred the carne asada slightly more than the carnitas but loved both.The menu included lots of choices for tacos, burritos, tortas, nachos, salad, flautas and so on.  We wereso happy when we left and spent $16 for lunch for two with two drinks.  Phrank even stopped by our table 3 times to check on our level of happiness.  He offered more salsa, and refilled our drinks!  Bottom line - the food rocks! The service will blow your expectations out of the water! I can't wait to go back!
4	Meeting new yelp friends is a great way of finding out about new places to eat. A friend came back to town, from Reno, to prep for his wedding and had some time to kill. He asked for Mexican food, I thought this was the perfect opportunity to try this place out.After a few days of eating poorly; I was in much need of a salad, but still wanted to try something more traditional, and got a taco as well. The trainer's salad contained huge, moist chunks of white chicken breast. The two generous scoops of guacamole, a mound of cabbage, cilantro, and beans makes for a filling meal. The green salsa dressing was not too flavorful, but the pile of limes can fix that. The carnitas taco was the size of two tacos. It was like a mini salad to accompany my entree. The hot red salsa did not deliver. The thing about Pat Phrank's is that it is not your typical Mexican joint. It is not super greasy and is not overly seasoned. My two friends got burritos and they both were unimpressed. The lack of contrasting textures and temperatures does not help. Each burrito comes with your choice of meat, then beans and rice. All of the ingredients are hot and soft, the addition of guac, sour cream, or lettuce would give it the additional omph. The service is the main reason this place gets four stars. The staff are stellar. The food comes out fast and they are attentive. During our meal, we had someone checking up on us for refills and if we needed anything more. After we finished we lingered around for 45 minutes and no one made us feel uncomfortable or rushed us out.
3	You know that weird hole in the middle of Las Vegas that you don't really go to unless you work there or are driving through it?  That's where Phat Phrank's is.  I didn't even know that Decatur and Sunset existed until I a lunch meeting one day.  I kind of thought it was...just desert.The menu is pretty simple, as you pick your meat, and then you can have it on a plate with rice and beans, or in a burrito with all the guts nicely wrapped together.  I ordered a carnitas burrito and a drink.  The burrito itself was well made, but the taste was bland.  This may seem strange (especially with the health food nuts), but I thought the burrito was TOO dry because of the lack of oil and grease.  I guess you could compare it to a burger that's too lean; you gotta have some fat in a burger, and you gotta have some grease in Mexican food.Can't fault the service, though; food came out fast and they came by checking on refills at least 3 times.  That, and we loitered for about 45 minutes after eating, and they seemed to have no problem with it.For now, this place gets a solid 3 from me.  Maybe if I revisit, I will get a new combo in my burrito and see how that comes out.
5	Phat Phrank's has become a MUST do whenever I head to Vegas. I have tried many different items and have discovered that their ceviche is the absolute best that I've ever had! It has a pretty good kick (you can see the bits of chile!) If you are there for breakfast, you have got to try the huevos divorciados! You get two eggs, one with red chile and one with green. It comes with rice and beans and is beyond delicious! I want to make the four hour drive just thinking about it!My cousin ordered the carnitas torta, which she kindly let me try. I cannot wait to go back and order that!If you are a fan of churros, they make amazing ones! They drizzle chocolate and caramel over them, making them better than any amusement park's!All the rest of the reviews talk about their amazing service, and it's true! Frank, oh, excuse me, "Phrank," is super nice and makes you feel incredibly welcomed!Add this place to your Vegas to do list!
3	This place rocks the chimichangas outta me.  It's great food, great prices, and in an odd location (imo).  The portions are GIANOURMOUS!  Overall, great stop for some tacos.
3	In all honesty, I stopped into this place only after learning the deli next door was no longer in business. So, I was expecting just an average Mexican joint and play it safe with a couple of a la cart tacos.It was early in the lunch hour, so it looked a little quiet from the outside. As soon as I walked through the door, I was greeted by the entire staff! Nice! With this being my first visit, the friendly gentlemen behind the counter (who I connect the dots as Phrank) was quick to suggest some of their best dishes. I notice out of the corner of my eye a sign advertising their daily special as fish tacos with rice and beans. Done and done. I have a seat and in no time one of their servers brings me out my drink and asks me if this was my first visit. "We hope you enjoy the food!" he says mentions that my lunch will be right out. Meanwhile, the place is really starting to pick up! Construction workers, business men and a couple of families all seem to be regulars and strike up conversations with Phrank and even recognize each other as loyal fans of the food.The fish tacos were incredible!  Good portion size and yummy, well seasoned rice (although still not as good as my mom's)!  I was in a bit of a hurry so I was in and out of there in no time, but it was probably a good thing as people were literally lined up for the next available table.All in all, great experience, good food, terrific staff and close enough to the office it's a shame not to visit at least a few times a month.
3	Phat Franks definitely deserves 5 stars for service and the food isn't too bad itself. I tried the carne asada breakfast burrito and I have to say I really like how they cooked the breakfast potatoes in the burrito, definitely a nice change of pace. The carne asada meat was seasoned to perfection and tasted like most fresh carne asada meats. The tortilla wasn't as good as Fausto's but the breakfast filling inside could give any any Fausto's/Robertos burrito a run for their money if not better.         My only complaint with this place is that I have actually been here several times only to realize they were closed. They're only open from 6am-6pm, which means its never open for dinnertime, or at least my dinnertime. 2nd they're not open weekends which is primetime burrito hour. That means no love from Phat Frank's on picnic Saturdays or hangover Sundays for some people. Ah well, all in all a good place.
5	So tasty!  I swung by because I was in the area on a weekday and tried the carne asada torta.  So good!  The menu is really inventive.  He offers a chile relleno burrito, which is next on my list to try.  Super friendly owner.But it's a bummer this place is only open on weekdays until 6pm (despite what Yelp says, it is no longer open on Saturdays) and is not close to my work.  I may have to force roadrunnerfood.com to pick up and deliver for me.  I foresee many cravings for this food.
5	I have lived in La Vegas since 1994 and I have NEVER had a fish taco like Phat Pranks.  Awesome, fresh food, not greasy.   Frank works behind the counter and greets people with hospitality that is unheard of in Las Vegas.  The tortas are also delish.   Prices are great, you can get  lunch for about $7-$10.  Give it a try, I have added Phat Phranks to my list of yumminess.
4	Tucked back in a small strip mall, this is a great little place with a very friendly and helpful owner/chef, super service, some killer salsa and good food.  We had the red chile and green chile burritos.  Tender meat. large portions and priced right.
5	This place is great! It may look like just an ordinary "Robertos" type mexican restaurant, but it's far from that. The food is awesome, it actually tastes like it's homemade and made with love. It also had an authentic mexican feel to it, like it was made from family recipes.Phrank or Frank however he spells his name, is a character. While there he had a Snoop Dogg reference for almost everything on the menu. Like, "This burrito is off the hizzle." So any man that can quote a rapper and make delicious food is good in my book.I had the nachos, because Phrank told me they were "bomb!" So I had to go with that. I was kinda hesitant because I'm not a big fan of chili verde sauce, only liking it from a few places. The nacho chips we re slathered with this delicious green sauce and topped with cheese. Phrank was right...they were bomb! My girlfriend had the special of the day which were the fish tacos. She's had her share of fish tacos and she admitted that these were the best she's ever had. The fish was crispy, the cabbage had texture and the cream sauce they put over it was outstanding. Even the beans and rice it came with didn't have that "straight out of the can" taste to it. Phrank also gave us a sample of the ceviche he makes, and it was great. A lot like lomi salmon at some hawaiian restaurants. It had a strong lemon taste, but you could still taste every single ingredient in the dish. It was top notch.Like their quote says, "Not The Best, Just None Better," This place is one of the best "Strip Mall Mexican Restaurants" I've been to. I'm glad I live so close, there were a lot of things I wanted to try.
5	After reading many other reviews, and needing to get some really decent Mexican grinds going on, I suggested this location to my former boss and coworker who is moving out of state.Upon entering we were warmly greeted by Frank, who reminded me of my best friend's family and all of her uncles who warmly greet you and treat you like a compadre even though its your first meeting.  I observed him warmly greeting his regulars by name.Frank kindly explained to us that you order at the counter and then they bring the order(s) to your table.  The food is brought out quickly once the order is placed.There were a lot of choices and really hard to decide but ultimately we both ordered the chile verde combo plate (rice, beans and tortillas) with a med. drink that was this week's special for $7.89 each.The combo plate was excellent and reminded me of eating at my best friend's house who are Hispanic, so I grew up eating the "good stuff".  Frank also explained and presented to us 4 small cups of different types of salsas, pico de gallo, I think a tomatillo sauce all which tasted fresh and yummy!!  My tablemate took the 2 milder sauces and I took the two others.  The red sauce was pleasantly hot and was very tasty.  I liked the green sauce also.Frank and his family who were also are servers made sure are drinks were refilled and never made us feel unwelcomed as we sat for close to 3.5 hours at a table talking.  We only wished he served cocktails, so we could at least pay for our extended stay. Frank did mention he may be in the process of obtaining his liquor license to serve beer and wine.  It sounded like he may also open on Saturdays again when he gets this license and Sunset Road opens up.  Let's hope so and because its hard for me to get to this place on the weekdays.Oh yeah, Frank also provided a sample of his barbacoa which was succulent and tasty.  he described a sandwich they make, and that may be my next choice.
5	I had Phat Phranks for the first time last night with one of my girl friends. We were both craving some great mexican food and I told her we should try this place because I always see it on my way to the gym and I thought the name was great! We both had the chicken burrito, which was REALLY good!! The salsa was yummy and they gave us a sample of their barbacoa (delicious!). "Phrank" himself was sooo nice and very engaging. He was telling us about their food, how they prepare it, and how bomb their bfast burritos are. What made this place stand out from the many other similar resturants, besides their food, was the service we received. Both my friend and I are in the hospitality industry for high end hotels, and we were both blown away by the personal service we received. We intend on going back quite often :)
5	We arrived in Vegas, sicker than either of us had ever been and beyond exhausted.  We woke up late, having not eaten a real meal in days.  So we relied on Yelp (thank you Yelp!) to find a restaurant close by.  All the reviews of Phat Phrank's are right on -- you will not be disappointed.First, Frank greets you as if he just saw you yesterday and has known you for years.  He is so friendly, and funny, and welcoming.  As we told him at the end of our meal... we felt as though we were dinner guests in his home.The food was just great!  We were both really hungry because we had been too sick to eat for days.  Phat Phranks was the place to be!  Portions were large, everything was homemade, and we left feeling full (but not painfully full) and energized.  Wonderful... thank you Frank & family!
5	We landed in Las Vegas and started driving towards our hotel in rush hour traffic. Being pregnant and hungry, my goal was to find a place to eat. Fast. We happened upon Phat Phrank's and walked in just as they were closing. Frank, the owner, offered to serve us anyway, so I ordered the trainer salad (with a lot of modifications) and my husband ordered three different flavors of tacos. The service was excellent, the food arrived quickly, and everything was delicious. We enjoyed the food and the service so well that we would have come back for breakfast, but it would have taken 20+ minutes and I needed to be somewhere at 8am. We'll definitely head back to Phat Phrank's the next time we're in Vegas.
5	Usually I run a mile when faced with inexpensive Mexican food, but the overall rating on Yelp for Phat Phrank's convinced me to give it a try. I'm glad I did.This is good, honest Mexican fare at a really respectable price. It won't burn a hole in your wallet and it's also not as unpredictable as the stuff served up and places like Roberto's, Don Tortaco, Cafe Rio, and others. Everything has the feel of being freshly prepared rather than slopped together out of vats and it tastes just as good. I really appreciated the texture of the tortillas which were warm and satisfying, dense and chewy enough so they don't split open in your hands, but not gluey and overwhelming, either.The man himself, Frank, is among the most welcoming proprietors I have encountered anywhere in the Las Vegas valley. He took a genuine interest in me and my wife and remembered my name upon my next visit - admittedly this was the very next day, but that should stand as testimony to the impact of his hospitality and cooking.This isn't one of those fancy, designer Mexican restaurants, and should not be held up against that sort of establishment - these two sub-categories of Mexican cuisine can barely even be considered the same type of food. For what he is aiming for, Frank scores a bullseye. He deserves his high Yelp rating.
3	When reading one of Vegas's local magazine, I happened across a food review that touted Phat Phrank's as having the best Mexican food in Las Vegas.In my youth, consumption of Mexican food in Vegas was usually only done after indulging of some non-alcoholic Roy Rogers and Shirley Temples on the Strip (extra grenadine of course :P ). In those days, I would be willing to wager that you could have fried a shoe and it probably would have tasted good to me. But this article indicated that Phat Phrank's was pretty darn good and I was craving some carne asada so... I arrived at about 12 pm on a Thursday and the place was hopping. A line of about 7 people quickly formed, which gave me some time to peruse a laminated menu for what I wanted to eat. I settled on a carne asada burrito with a drink for about 7 dollars. Frank gave me a number, and told me to pick a seat and they would bring my food out to me. About 3-4 minutes passed and a reasonable sized carne asada burrito was delivered to me. Stand by for carne asada burrito dissection...Tortilla - This was ok - had the consistency of a whole wheat tortilla (a bit harder).  Carne Asada - While this was seasoned appropriately, I was a bit disappointed at how much of the Carne was too fat to eat...I'm used to a little bit here and there, but about a 1/4 of my burrito was annoyingly fatty. Beans - Beans were flavor-fully non-offensive and didn't take away from the meat thankfully. So all in all, Phat Phranks's was Phrankly ok. The reviews on Yelp make me think that maybe that was just a bad burrito day for Frank and his family. Unfortunately, I have yet to try Mexican food outside of California that is worth a repeat trip, but I'm willing to go back to Phrank's and try something else next time I am in Vegas to see if I feel any differently.
5	Phat Phrank's has quickly become my go-to place to tasty Mexican here in Vegas. It's a family owned place where the food is made with a lot of care and I love that! "Phrank" is always around and smiling and his staff will do all that they can to ensure your satisfaction. At this point I've tried quite a few things... my favorites:*Nachos - I'm actually not a nachos person, but his are done the way nachos should be! Tons of delicious shredded pork... an order is definitely a meal for 2 people!*Breakfast Burrito - the best breakfast burrito I've had in Vegas, by far! It comes with eggs, yummy crispy potatoes, cheese, and your choice of meat. He mixes everything to ensure every bite is perfect. When I'm having a bad day, I call ahead and pick one up on my way to work!*Fajitas - I have FINALLY found delicious fajitas in Vegas! I had the chicken ones for lunch today and really enjoyed them. The chicken was shredded (as opposed to the creepy pre-cut strips with faux-grill marks you find at say Chili's) and had 3 colors of peppers and onions mixed in. I'm not usually a fan of chicken, but this had an amazing amount of flavor. *Churros - caramel and chocolate sauce.. mmmmmmmI can also highly recommend their catering services ! "Phrank" helped us pick out a freaking feast for well under $10 a person. We had platters of enchiladas and tacos, guacamole, and ceviche. Everything was delicious and was ready right on time. We picked it up ourselves, but it was well packaged and transport -ready. Overall, don't let the strip mall exterior fool you - this is Mexican (albeit heavily Americanized) at its best ! It's affordable, fast, and delicious. It's basically like  Roberto's that isn't a chain that serves food that tastes good! The only sad thing is they aren't open on weekends...
4	Good but not quite 4.5 stars good.  I had a barbacoa taco and two chicken tacos.  My friend had two fish tacos.  Taste was good but other aspects lacked a bit.The tortillas completely fell apart when picking them up. That's why a lot of places put two tortillas under the taco.  The meat was good quality - woo hoo!.  Flavor was good but there was some cabbag-y stuff in the tacos.  I've lived in Mexico and "ain't seen no cabbage in my tacos" before, but ok.The owner was awesome.  Really liked him and his attitude.  So, I'd definitely recommend but go in expecting "good" or "really good" but not blow your mind amazing.
2	I actually had received an email from Yelp yesterday with Phat Phrank's highlighted in it and so thought I would try it out for the first time since the ratings were so good.Somewhat disappointed.....I don't think it is a 4.5 star rating, but if I was in the neighborhood and was hungry for Mexican Food I would stop. Certainly not worth a trip of about 6 miles from my home.I ordered a chicken burrito.  Thought I would compare it to the chicken burrito I had the previous day at "Roberto's Tacos."It was good, but not fabulous.  I had asked if they put cheese on their chicken burritos and I was told yes, but after eating the whole thing, I hadn't seen a sign of any cheese.  They do add rice and beans, which to me then makes it a combination burrito and I wanted chicken.  The chicken was all white meat, but not enough chicken for me and to much rice and beans.  It was bland tasting without adding any salsa or hot sauce.  The portion size was good, and the salsa was good, but would have tasted better on chips rather than the burrito.The chicken burrito I had eaten at the "Roberto's" the day before was all chicken, no rice and beans and very tasty.  It was seasoned with some chiles and peppers and very good to eat without adding anything to it if you didn't want to.  Roberto's was definitely better when it came to the chicken burrito.Phat Phrank's does not have a menu board and so you have to wait until you get up to the counter to look at the one menu they had available to order off of.  It didn't give you much time to make up your mind when there were people waiting in line behind you.The employees were all very friendly and the facility was clean.I will probably go back and try some other items, but not at the top of my list to run right back tomorrow.
2	NOT OPEN ON SATURDAY AND SUNDAY??!!  You have to be a bold restaurant to not be open on some busy eatin' out days.  I am going to rate this initially and will come back and revise.  I was so blinded by all the great reviews that I didn't seem to look at the hours.  All I can say is that when I finally eat here it better blow my mind!  To be continued........
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE! Have been eating here since they opened & will continue! Best mexican food ever, the green salsa is to die for!
4	First off, I'd like to give a shout & say thanks to Misti for the review! Your experiences are very helpful to the community.I was around the area one night to gas up at the station inside that business plaza. Immediately, my eyes feasted upon the Popeyes adjacent to the gas stop, so my mind fixated on a meal there. Luckily, I decided to yelp nearby eats! & good thing I did! I read up some reviews on Phat Phrank's, and after some thoughtful reviews I stepped inside. Frank really is a music enthusiast, I've spoken to him on it.. but music is not what this review is about! 2 Words: Fish tacos. I've tried something different every visit (being a regular): carne asada tostada, trainer salad (recommend if you're going "green"), barbacoa tacos, but oh sweet fishies, their fish tacos hook you! Get it...? Hook you..? No?.. I tried. Frank tells me that their breakfast burritos are recommended. & that's exactly what I'm getting next! I mean.. after 3 fish tacos, please! :]P.S. We know you're thinking about opening weekends, and we all agree. Please do (even just for lunch or dinner) ! :D
5	Executive summary:  We stayed in Vegas for 12 days; we ate at Phrank's four times.There's Mexican food that's good for a hangover.  There's Mexican food that's good for kids.  Then, there's Phrank's.  Phrank is a humble man, and he claims that it's tough for him to put his finger on what makes his family's place so awesome.  I'll try to lay it out for you:1.  The meat is unbelievably well prepared.  The carnitas are the perfect mix of seasoned tender goodness with that bit of crispiness on the top.  The chicken was moist, plump, perfectly seasoned, and changed our lives.  If giving up all my worldly possessions would result in my being able to eat the barbacoa every day, I would seriously consider it.2.  The menu is not the typical hundred item monster that you find at your standard taqueria.  Phrank and Phamily know what they're good at, and they stick to it.3.  Service, service, service.  This family knows how to keep customers happy.
4	There's only one word I can think of when it comes to Phat Phrank's. AMAZING.I could leave it as that and have you all wonder or I can let you all know why it's so AMAZING.I've had their fish taco plate, other than the beans and rice sides the fish tacos were AMAZING. By far the best fish tacos I've had anywhere.  The fish were large crispy on the outside tender on the inside pieces, light and not greasy. The combination of all the fish with cabbage, green onion, cilantro, tartar sauce, and in my case lime and their hot sauce was AMAZING. My mouth is watering as I reminisce. I'll be back for you fish tacos.Their carne asada torta was...  Oops sorry for the drool.  Their Carne asada torta was very delicious too. Well I might have reached my quota for using the word amazing but don't worry the carne asada tortas are equally as amazing as the fish tacos. I've seen other tortas that are bulky, bready, and just look good because of the huge size not flavor. Size isn't gigantic and not bready, so every bite was just of everything I wanted, something very tasty. There's probably even more ingredients than bread. I'll be back for you too LOL.I didn't have this but a friend had their enchiladas because it was mentioned in the lvrj as Phat Phrank's signature dish. Now that looked like meal right there. I'm sure it has to be really good too just from what I've already had.  Plus it had a fried egg on it.  Anytime you throw a fried egg on anything it's instantly good.Location is perfect for me, I'm always in the area though honestly I never knew they were there until a UYE. I like the musical instrument on the walls and how it's clean. Seats maybe 20-30 people.Service was very good, friendly. Phrank and the lady that was there often checked on us, refilling drinks, bring food out quickly, conversing with us and making it an experience not like here is your food and now get out when your done. lol. They no longer have raspberry ice tea. Can't wait to go there tomorrow. Wait their not open on the weekends!? This has to be a typo and they close at 6 PM. MAN I can't win.  All good, fresh and delicious food need a break too. AMAZING.
5	Four star food and a bonus star for the excellent customer service!I have wanted to try this place for ages. It's always hard to get off work in time to get here before they close at 6. Finally, I made it out of work in time to stop by for some food. I came in and was greeted by the very friendly owner. He took my order and made some idle chit chat and then went back to cook up my grub. I tried the chicken taco and breakfast burrito with bacon and also took a small bite from my fella's carnitas torta. The chicken in the taco was incredibly moist and filled with lots of cabbage, onion and cilantro. I'm a big fan of all the fresh veggies that are included. Even better with the flavorful and spicy chile. The breakfast burrito was perfectly sized and every bite had the perfect amount of egg, bacon, potato and cheese in every bite. So great when I added the green chile or spicy red on top. The torta was great too. I would probably ask for no mayo if I was ordering for myself, but that's just a personal preference. The meat was really juicy and flavorful.  Phrank was very friendly and chit chatted with me before during and after our transaction was over. Such a great customer service experience and the food is good and cheap to boot. What more can a girl ask for. Looking forward to making this a regular spot on my food rotation.
5	My wife and I recently tried Phab Phranks after reading reviews on yelp. All I can say is it was excellent from the food to the customer service. I tried the carne asada torte and it was delicious!! We loved it so much we went back the next day and I tried the chile relleno burrito and all I can say is YUMMY!!! I am telling all my friends, family and co workers about this gem in the desert!! Also reasonably priced for such quality!!
5	Hey Las Vegas Latinos! From one Latino to another...Phat Phranks is by far the BEST Mexican food in town!
5	Phat Phranks is a short drive from my house and have been meaning to try it for some time now. The  6am to 6pm hours made it very difficult for me to eat there. They really should change to 8a-8pm at the very least so people could try it out after work. I am not a good morning person so chances were slim me trying to before work and after work it is closed already. I am so glad I finally go to test out Phat Phranks. It is right off the 215 and decatur. I had the breakfast burrtio with egg and cheese and a bean and cheese tostada. The breakfast burrito was excellent. The only one better in town is at Nordstrom Cafe but for the price and the flavors packed into it, this is a solid #2. The Tostada was good but nothing too special. The food gets 4 stars. Frank  was the one taking the order and ringing you up. The family is the ones cooking and serving and they were very friendly, attentive and you get the feeling you are in their home and not in their place of business. There are so many businesses in Las Vegas that need to take a lesson from Phat Phrank's and learn what real service is. So with good food and service as good as good as it gets, not to mention an indy family owned place Phrank's easily get's 5 stars in my book. Support it and do it regularly because places like this need our support to survive. They are a rarity in Las Vegas and I will be doing my part supporting Phrank so I have options other than chains to go to.
5	IF you like great Mexican food you need to make your way here.  The place is small but the hospitality is only surpassed by the amazing food that has so much flavor it is crazy.  My coworker and I went for lunch yesterday and I am so glad we tried it.  Frank actually was the one who took our order.  My coworker and I are in Sales which means we are NOT shy people and love to talk so we asked Frank "What's the most popular items?"  He gave us a few things that are the biggest sellers and elected to finally choose a green burrito with some of the most flavorful pork ever.  As we were eating Frank came out and brought us a sample of his barbacoa.  OMG, off the hook.  We get to chatting and Frank asks where I am from to which I say "San Diego".  He then proceeds to tell me that the fish tacos are out of this world.  Crap, should I have ordered that?  (as I continue to devoure the best frigging burrioto I have had in town since moving back here.).  Ok, no worries, next trip its fish tacos.  All I can say is that I am not going anywhere else for Mexican.  This place rocks the house.  Robertos, Albertos, Don Juan DeMarco or whoever, has nothing on Phat Franks.  And to top it off, the prices for food are great.  I am so happy that it is a quick trip from the office for lunch.  THANK YOU Frank!  You are awesome and your food is equal to your hospitality.
4	Really good food, great owner. They need to get whole wheat tortillas and add a baked/grilled fish taco option and then we get the fifth star.
2	my husband and i went here about a week ago. i ordered whatever special they had that day and he ordered a steak burrito. the chicken (something) special was passable... it was essentially a small piece of chicken inside a wrap and fried... bland and plain but OK. the beans i didnt touch since they didnt look fresh or good. and the rice just looked and tasted bad....my husbands was much worse than mine, his looked like it was precooked i dont think i need to explain how a precooked steak burrito tastes lol.gross.the only thing i actually appreciated about the place is that the owner was there and did offer to refill our drinks.... overall though would not go back based on the food.
5	Chorizo and Eggs Burrito freaking amazing!!!! Nuff Said
2	Ok, so it hurts me to give 2 stars because Phrank was one heck of a guy. He greeted me immediately and was very social, I love these kind of people! I order and give him my debit card, he comments on my name, and from then on when he addressed me he called me by my name, I mean how nice is that? I ordered the trainer salad ( I really really really wanted the nachos, but summer is coming) when it was placed in front of me, it was different than what I expected, everything was separated, didn't look like a salad, oh well, my fault for not reading the menu. The hot sauce and the tomatillo sauce had decent flavor, but the more chicken I ate, I kept drinking more and more water. I found it to be very salty. My lips started getting that feeling when all your water in your body is being depleted. I'm sorry, wasn't a phan of the salad Phrank. I may return to try the fish tacos.
4	Late weekday takeout lunch at 2:30 brought me here after having this place bookmarked for a good 5 months.I was sooo on the fence about getting a breakfast burrito based on Blair B's terrific review and since it was my first meal of the day.  In the end, I went with the carne asada and a couple of carnita tacos.  The carne asada was pretty good but the pork carnitas blew my mind.  Maybe it was due to my hangover that day I was ready to drive back and have a couple of more.  The pork was so juicy and well seasoned that, like a good movie, I didn't want it to end.  Phrank took my order and as everyone else mentions in their reviews was very hospitable.  He was also patient as I was the only one in the restaurant at the time looking at the menu for a while.  So many other things on the menu to try!  I would definitely frequent this place more if not for their hours but that's just the nature of their location.  I will be back for sure.
4	I was finally able to try Phat Phrank's after much word of mouth. They close at 6 and don't open at all on weekends, so it was never on my radar. But I can see myself picking up dinner from here now that it's on my way home from work. If yelp allowed half stars I'd give 4.5.I had carne asada and adobada tacos. They were both served in corn tortillas that held up well to the filling of meat, cabbage, onion, cilantro and scallion. The hot salsa might be hot to other people, it has a rich, smoky flavor beyond the heat.The rice and beans grew on me, especially with a little salsa added. Both of them are fairly simple preparations.Flavors overall are very clean. Their adobada is fried to a crisp and adds just enough savory goodness. The carne asada feels a little greasy at first bite but is melt in your mouth good by bite three.Frank is a gracious, smiling host whose passion is apparent in the very first impression. He clearly takes pride in his work and enjoys serving his guests.I'll be back, and if the rest of the menu is as good as those first two tacos, I may bump them up to 5 stars.
4	Wow, Phrank's is the real deal!  I found this place about a month ago. Thank you yelpers.  Man I'm so glad I found this hidden gem.  I've tried the fish tacos, chile verde nachos, chile relleno, carne asada and chile verde burrito.  This morning I tried the bacon egg and potato breakfast burrito.  Wow, it was so good that I had to write this review.  The owner Frank is really friendly, he makes it a point to talk to everyone and get to know them and make em' feel at home.  Only thng I miss when I come here is avocado, or guacamole. But do yourself a favor and find this place. You won't be sorry.
5	Great chorizo breakfast burrito! Frank is a great host and the food is worth the drive no matter where you're coming from!
5	Made my way over to this little Mexican restaurant for lunch with the hubby and my 2 year old son. Where to start....the service was awesome and the food was amazing. Phrank was behind the counter and he took our order. He was very friendly and walked us through the menu. I ordered the fish tacos, hubby ordered a chicken and carnitas taco, and Phrank made a special order for our little guy: a cheese quesadilla with chicken. All the food was fresh, flavorful, and you get to pick from several different house made salsas. After the food came out, Phrank came over to our table to see how we were enjoying our food. Looking around, there were many regulars that Phrank knew by their first name. Overall, we had a wonderful lunch and will be back again to support Phrank and his family business. Phrank also asked us for our first names, which I found to be very gracious. Phat Phrank's rocks!!!
4	Phat Phrank's serves high-quality, consistent Mexican food. It's a wonderful place for lunch, but expect to be weighed down a bit afterwards :)Their nachos are a smokin' deal, although they lack all the 'fixin's'. But man, they don't skimp on the shredded pork - so good.Their tortas are delish. I was skeptical at first b/c I feel like I'm usually less impressed with sandwiches, but this isn't a boring sandwich at all.  So much flavor.The breakfast burritos have excellent texture with the addition of the crispy potato bits. Way better than Roberto's IMHO.And Phrank is a sweetheart. You can tell he's proud when you come back again and again.
5	5 stars might seem way too much for a small strip mall restraint, but it is not the quality of the food, which is excellent, it is not the price, which is really low, it is the incredible customer service. Any moron can open a restraint and resell Sysco boxed crap and make a go of it, but this place is on a whole different level. Frank, his wife, daughter, grand sons, and other family members make nearly all the food items fresh. You always hear someone say that "this is the best whatever it is they are eating", but at Phat Phranks you really want to say it about everything you put in your mouth. They are open till 6 PM on every night but Thursday. Go there on a Thursday night after 6 PM and see what the car clubs bring to his special late hours event.Be sure to try the Churro.
5	FIVE stars. Why? Two words: FISH TACOS. Also, three more words: PERSONABLE, FRIENDLY OWNER. I didn't think this place was open after 6pm, which is part of the reason why I haven't tried their food yet. However, we left Halloween Mart, drove by, and the lights were on and the OPEN sign was lit up! SCORE. Apparently, on THURSDAYS they are open until 9pm because they recently started having some type of car meet up in the parking lot. NOW. THE FOOD. The inside is nothing special - not much atmosphere or ambiance. We took a look at the menu and the man behind the counter, who I assume is the owner, came over to us with a huge smile and said, "HOW CAN I HELP YOU LADIES?"We told him we were first timers. He explained how a few of the menu items are cooked and told us what his favorites were. As soon as he said FISH TACOS, my eyes lit up. I ordered one fish taco and one adobada taco with rice and beans. My girlfriend ordered one carne asada taco and one adobada taco - TO GO. While we were waiting, the same nice man came and chatted with us for a while, asking us where we were from and he actually engaged in some awesome and genuinely friendly conversation. I was very impressed with his hospitality! Our food was ready in a few minutes and as soon as I got home, I took one bite into that fried, crispy, juicy, flaky, white fish topped with lettuce and cilantro and a creamy sauce, and I just about died right then and there. Died with pleasure of course. :) Honestly, probably the second best fish taco I have ever had in my entire life, and I don't play around when it comes to fish tacos. The adobada meat was slightly dry and lacked a bit in flavor. The beans and rice were amazing. i can't quite put my finger on the spice/flavor that made them taste different, but there's definitely something special about them. Regardless, I cannot give less than 5 stars because of the beautiful explosion of taste that came out of that fish taco. I will be back!
4	Definitely a favorite of mine on the Westcyde. Just off the 215 on Decatur. Phrank the owner and the crew are very welcoming. So far, I've had the carne asada burrito, asada breakfast burrito, churizo breakfast burrito, and the fish taco. Everyone of these items were good. The ones that stood out were the breakfast burritos. They put fried tater chips in with all the breakfast goodies (egg, cheese, whatever is your poison). The TATER CHIPS SETS IT OFF SUN! It's difficult for me to get here sometimes cause they're only open on the weekdays. I found out the hard way. Phat Phrank's... EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
5	Great place! I used to work at the cab company. I'd come here like every other day.Awesome food! Awesome Service. Way better then that burger joint next door. My go-to for Mexican.
5	Two words: Phuck yeah!! Phrank himself took our order which consisted of a carne asada tostada for me and the chile verde nachos for my husband. A lady, who I'm assuming was Mrs. Phrank, cooked and then delivered our phood to our table, which was a nice touch. My tostada was double-layered with the refried beans being between the two tostada shells and the rest of the toppings on top. The carne asada was tender and tasty, and the serving was just enough to make a meal of. My husband's nachos were piled high with chile verde which tasted like it had been marinating and cooking for hours - like something they would serve at their own table at home. Phrank came out a little while later to see how we were doing and to deliver samples of the beef barbacoa, which was also top-notch. Phrank (who is a bit of a jokester) asked our names and shook our hands as we were leaving. Excellent phood, great prices and REALLY nice people. I phoresee becoming a regular in my phuture!!
5	Yes, they have the perfect fish taco and that's why they get a 5 star. Absolutely wonderful. These are the fish tacos I've been searching for....lightly battered with the white cream sauce and they are big. The owner is super nice, but even if he was a jerk, I'd still go back for the damn fish tacos.
5	What a great owner. Explained all the items on the menu. i went for the fish tacos. My wife got the asada torta. Both tasted amazing. I will be going back there often.
4	I am a phan of Phat Phrank's. Sorry--couldn't resist! I have been hearing about this place for a few months now and decided to give it a try thanks to my fellow yelpers. What I liked most about it was that it was different from the norm. For example, it is not a traditional sit down restaurant nor is it your average taqueria. There are a handful of tables and chairs that we were able to move around to accommodate our party of 4. However, the best thing about this place was the friendly environment Phrank creates in his restaurant. He is welcoming, and constantly checks on you to make sure your visit is going smoothly. I like that!As far as the food in concerned, it was pretty good for the most part. My wife and I decided to share a variety of dishes, so we could sample the different flavors that were on the menu. We started off with the nachos, which came loaded with tender Chile Verde and cheese over the top of crispy tortilla chips. Good, but I forgot that I don't like cheese with pork. Something weird happens when the cheese mixes with the sauce from the meat. The result is a gelatin mixture of wet, sloppy, cheesy goo. Next time - no cheese please. We also tried the carne asada burrito with rice inside. Tasty, but I had better versions in town -Los Tacos for example. The fish tacos I kept hearing so much about were "fishy", and disappointing. But hey- we are in Las Vegas! How fresh can the fish be? The star of the meal was the adobada taco that was seasoned well and went perfectly with the cabbage and hot sauce. Next time, I would order a handful of those and be just fine. Prices are reasonable, as we spent 23.00 for all that food and a large soft drink. We will be back to visit Phrank and support his restaurant that he obviously cares so much about.
5	Well I recently started a new Yelp so of course I have to come leave an Awesome review for this place! I've been eating here since they opened in 2009, in fact my whole office does. Phat Phrank's is just SO YUMMY! I love it so much and want it to be around forever! Stop by, eat, and enjoy...one of the best parts besides the food is the owner Frank. It's family run and everyone greets you with a smile, is so polite and just plan Amazing! They take the time to make sure your ok and they get to know the regulars (Me).
4	been to phat phranks twice. i eat a alot of food so ive tried all the tacos and a carne asada tostada. everything was good. the fish tacos are definitely my favorite though. my least favorite is the slow cooked pork taco. the meat was too dry for me. food is definitely good but a overpriced a taco is $3 and a fish taco is $5 like i said i eat alot so i usually order about 5 tacos and bill ends up being $20.
5	Well, this has just become my phavorite place for tacos. I live in Henderson and I drive here for the cuisine. Frank is the one who takes your order, and sometimes brings it out to you. I love that. He is friendly and the place is inviting. He isn't a musician, but he loves music. His shop reflects his passion.  I ordered every taco on the menu to try. The best one is the adobada taco. A close second is the barbacoa. The meat is good quality but it's the simplicity of the taco that I love. Cilantro and some cabbage. Nice touch. Props to Phabulous Phat Phrank and his great taco shop. I would recommend this place to anyone that would like to have their mind blown while eating some good phreaking tacos.Note+++++Phrank's hours of operation are limited. It's basically lunch and bkfast only. Call before you show up to check if they're open.
1	went 2 years ago when they first opened 2 female employess acted real bored "I bet they were family members" never hire your family. cant give more than 1 star because when I got home my tacos were filled with "Cabbage" who the hell puts cabbage in their friggin tacos. I have been all over the world and never had cabbage put into a taco shell. what indigenous part of Mexico does this?????  tried to go back to just tell them to hold the cabbage but they are always closed for Pete's sake just go out of business....
4	I've been here four times and it's always great.  Very friendly service, fresh ingredients, great salsas.  Fish tacos are some of the best you'll find at a taco shop.
5	The owners are really friendly and super attentive. The food was very good fed 9 for $56 and EVERYONE was full and happy.  The food is very flavorful. Child friendly atmosphere. Come visit and order the chile verse nachos and killer fish tacos!
5	I promised to go here And I did. Went for the fish tacos, my sister got the Flautas we shared and it was absolutely excellent! The flautas were cooked perfectly & complete with top notch guacamole. Rice and Beans rocked & The fish tacos were great too, fish was mouth watering and I loved the way they chopped the cabbage. Oh BTW to the poor dunce with the one one star review, (fish tacos traditionally come with cabbage so your "trip around the world" obviously didnt include Tijuana). Frank was an absolute pleasure and has definitely won the hearts of myself and my family! See you soon!
5	Another Phan of Phat Phrank's!In Vegas on and off for a while, working at the House of Blues with Santana.I rely on fellow Yelpers when traveling to steer me right and you did not fail.Met Phrank, great guy, had the adobada and asada tacos, terrific!Only eight minutes from the HOB, definitely will be seeing Phrank again soon!
5	Tried it and I gotta tell you this was an exceptional outing.  Everything from food to service.    Place closes at 5 and I popped in 4:10-15ish (some places give you THAT look you know) and place was lil slow as to be expected.  Frank the owner was there and I gotta tell you he goes above and beyond to provide an experience.  We ended up chitchatting some before, during and even after my order.  I left nearly at close time and never got any bad vibes.  He's real cool, real humble and I found out we both made our way to the 702 roughly the same time, out from SoCal.    All that aside the food was great, got an adobada torta (based on his recommendation) and I gotta tell you the pork was done perfect and their secret sauce put it up there.  Perhaps the best torta I've had to date.  I say this cause I was listening to Pandora a lil while and I went from a whole torta to half a half (you'll know what I'm saying) in a matter of minutes.  I seriously devoured that torta!  I also ended up getting their pork nachos (which I've never had that way) put some of their home made hot salsa and went to town on it too.  In all the torta is a definite 5/5 it was simply awesome... the nachos could've used a lil something something else too but for my taste get 3.5-4/5 not bad.    Next time I'm trying their fish tacos which he said has the same secret sauce or depending on what time I go might get their breakfast burrito.  I'm jotting this one down as a definite go-back.
5	I have been going to Phat Phrank's since it opened and the food is exceptional. I would recommend trying barbacoa or fish tacos. If you are hungry go for the same in an overstuffed burrito, you won't regret it. The ingredients are always fresh and the service is 2nd to none every time.
5	The green sauce is top shelf.  Portion size needs a little work, but all in all it is solid!
5	Excellent! Another bookmark down.This review is long overdue. I had lunch here almost a month ago and I could not stop raving about it to coworkers when I got back. The experience is still fresh in my mind. I had the daily special Fish Tacos, but I asked for flour tortillas instead of corn. Everything was made fresh, and the slaw on my tacos was TO DIE FOR. The creamy sauce was perfectly seasoned and the fish was fresh and tasty. The rice wasn't mushy - it was cooked perfectly. My husband had a chicken burrito and he could not get over the salsa - he said it was the best salsa he had in his life.Nestled behind a gas station and some heavy road construction, Phat Phrank's is a jewel in the rough. It's perfect for a power lunch, or maybe picking some to-go food when you just don't feel like cooking. As I sat there one random Friday afternoon, I had seen people from all walks of life come in and out happy. There were suits, construction workers, Louis Vuitton ladies, and families either dining in or picking up to go orders.Frank was there during my visit and couldn't have been nicer. He made sure to talk to every customer and made sure everyone was enjoying their meal. He's super helpful when you're trying to figure out what you should order. I asked him why they weren't open on weekends and he had said they were once, but business wasn't worth a 7 day schedule. He did say once the construction on sunset was completed, they would definitely be open Saturdays again. Fresh food, great service, reasonable pricing - this place is an easy 5 stars.As the unfortunate duchess of a certain Roberto's, I can proudly tell you that this place is definitely worth stopping by and checking it out !
5	It is an amazing place. The food is incredibly delicious and the staff is so very friendly. the only downfall to phat franks is that its In Vegas and I'm Cali :-)  I won't visit Vegas without coming here love love love it.. We specifically travel to Vegas around the times this place is open. The Tortas and Fish tacos are absolutely amazing, as well as, all the other menu items. You can't go wrong, the owner is a wonderful person and the staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. Looking forward to are next visit...
5	Fresh.  This is honestly some of the best Mexican style food I have had around here.  It isn't greasy, you don't feel 500lbs after eating it; unless of course you eat more than your stomach can handle.  I got the chicken burrito, and Frank recommended I get the green sauce to go with it.  It was great! I like that the owner works in the store, I think that shows hard work and dedication.  Not to mention he is really nice, and that was how I knew he was the owner.  The location is in an awkward, but smart, spot.  However, do not let that veer you from this delicious place!  If you go once, I can assure you, you will go back again.
4	As usual, I ended up coming here based on the bookmark part of the Yelp phone app. I bookmarked this place awhile back because of all the check ins from my Yelp friends and couldn't help but notice the four and a half star rating. Judging by the name, you wouldn't think it was a Mexican joint.As soon as I walk in I am greeted by Frank (or should I say Phrank?) himself and asked if it was my first time. I guess me looking for some kind of menu on the wall gave it away. He directed me to the menus on the counter. He briefed me on some of the popular items that people get. The thing that stood out to me was that anything on the menu whether it was breakfast or lunch was available all day. That's a major plus if you ask me because who doesn't want a breakfast burrito for lunch sometimes?Anyways, I went with the Adobada Burrito because im trying to cut down on red meat so pork is the next best alternative. The burrito itself had shredded chunks of tender pork mixed with some rice and beans. The pork itself was a bit salty but was still edible especially with the green, red, and spicy red sauces that came with it. All were excellent when you pour some on the burrito.Based on the menu, I will definitely be back to try some of the others that people have mentioned. The only thing that I find negative might be the hours. 8 am to 5 pm. So if I wanted to take my fam for dinner, it wont work. I guess based on the location, they are only busy during the morning til late afternoon. I guess you cant have everything.
4	Very, very good fish tacos.  The other tacos are quite good too, just not great.  Definitely a great place to grab lunch during the work week.
5	Stopped by from out of town (thanks Yelpers!). Prank is awesome, the food is awesome!
5	This place is great!  We stumbled across this gem as we were starting the trip back home from Las Vegas.  Yelp gave this place good reviews so we decided to give it a shot.  When you walk in you will realize that it doesn't feel like your typical Mexican joint.  There is no mariachi music playing and no Mexican flags on the walls.  Instead there are musical instruments mounted as decorations and pleasantly soft background music.  The restaurant itself is in a little shopping plaza by a gas station.  It has a clean, newly remodeled feel to it.  Enough with the atmosphere... We went to the counter to place our orders and had the privilege to meet Phrank the owner.  He was a super friendly guy and welcoming.  I ordered the shredded beef and my wife had a vege burrito.  Everything tasted fresh and had nice, balanced flavors.  My burrito was a nice size and not overly huge like some places serve.  I will definitely make this a recurring stop for future Vegas trips.
5	This is another place I did not know was here. I found it by driving by. As soon as you walk in you are welcomed. Who does that anymore. It was really nice. Frank is a nice person. Makes you feel at home. He explained the menu to us.The food is amazing. Fresh and clean. You can taste every flavor. I had the slow pit beef tacos. The beef very tender. I love the cabbage and cilantro.   Our server was attentive.   Can't wait to go back and try more dishes.
5	Phat Phrank's tagline ("Not the best, just none better") is a cringe-inducingly awful mangling of the English language.  And the way he replaces all of his F's with Ph's is kind of odd.  But neither of these are reasons to avoid this place.  Phat Phrank is no Shakespeare, but he makes up for it with his amazing skills in the kitchen.  In fact, he serves the best damn Mexican food in Vegas!I dropped by Phat Phrank's for a quick lunch on a Friday afternoon.  The place -- like pretty much every Vegas business that's not part of a hotel-casino -- in tucked in a nondescript strip mall behind a gas station.  The interior is simple, clean, and comfortable.  You order at the counter (run by Phrank himself!), grab a number, and the food is out within minutes.For lunch I had a fish taco and carne asada taco.  These tacos were absolute perfection.   The fish was flaky and tender, and carne asada was juicy and loaded with flavor.  Both were piled high with fresh veggies.  A splash of salsa verde and I was in taco heaven.I couldn't leave without satiating my sweet tooth, so I had the churros drizzled with chocolate, caramel, and vanilla.  These were the absolute best churros I've ever had.  The dough was crispy on the outside, silky on the inside, and the combo of sauces took the flavor party to a whole 'nother level.  Absolutely indulgent and amazing.If you're looking for amazing cheap eats served in a true mom-and-pop shop, look no further than Phat Phrank's.  You'll love it.  I know I do.
5	Oh Phrank, I've got the hots for you!My hubby tried Phat Phrank's last week with some coworkers and has been raving about the fish tacos every day since then.  I wanted in on the action, so when he had the opportunity to go out for lunch again, I met him there and had a great lunch.The restaurant itself is in a small strip mall with a couple of other food places.  It is kind of hard to see from the street, so keep that in mind when you venture over here.  Once you find Phrank's, your happy tummy time begins!  You walk in the door and can smell the lovely Tex-Mex aromas swirling around the place.  Your mouth starts watering immediately and you get excited for the food to come.  Yummmm.  Phat Phrank's is a small place though, with about 6 tables.  We got there and there was only 1 table open.  My hubby grabbed it while I waited in the really long line.  Within 2 minutes, the line was actually out of the door with people waiting.  Luckily the line moves pretty fast.  The food also comes out pretty quickly too, so there is a nice flow to the place.After looking at the menu, I was torn between the carne asada and the pork chili verde plates.  I asked the one and only Phrank, who was working the counter, and he told me to go for the chili verde.  I trusted him and went with the verde.  Boy, was I happy with my choice!  The pork chili verde was so tender and tasty.  It had so many layers of flavor that it made you eat slowly to savor each bite.  Delish!My hubby went for the fish tacos again.  He is addicted to fish tacos and gets them everywhere we go.  He says these are the best in town, hands down.  He really has tried dozens and dozens, so I trust him on fish tacos.  I was going to try a bite, but by the time I asked for one, he had already devoured them.  You snooze you lose, I guess.The hot sauce here is really great good too.  I recommend the hot hot sauce.  It is super flavorful without being completely mouth burning.  It has some great depth to it and I had to ask for a second serving because it was that good!The plates came with the main entree, as well as refried beans, Mexican rice, and homemade tortillas.  Now no one tell my Grandma, but the beans and tortillas were better than hers!  I have NEVER said that before because hers are the best of the best!  The beans from Phrank's were simply perfect and I could have eaten a whole pot of them them.  The flour tortillas tasted just like my grandma's homemade ones.    The tortillas were just AWESOME.  If you have never had a homemade tortilla, you are missing out.  Luckily you can go to Phrank's and get some right now!
4	busy place smallportions, extremely good food.
5	Awesome locally owned Mexican joint. Food and service were equally amazing. You have to try this place.
5	OMG!! Love me some Phat Phranks!!! Although I have the same thing every time I go I still love it. I always order the barbacoa (dont know if this is spelled right) burrito. The meat is amazingly seasoned/marinated! Pure perfection!! Sometimes I change it up and make it wet and it is just as delicious. Frank recently added on a desert and OMG is it to die for. I think he calls it a Chimichurro?? But it is amazing. I recommend this place to anyone. Oh and Frank is the most awesome owner ever. He is personable and is very welcoming to all his customers!
5	Decided to trust Yelp and check this place out. The owner was taking orders and was very nice. It is a pretty small place and it was packed and rightfully so because the food was great. Great service and friendly staff!
5	One of my all time favorite Mexican restaurants and all time favorite owners. The food is fresh. Everything tastes like its made from scratch. And its consistently good.If you must have a burger try the Phd. Its awesome . Its worth the drive.Cheers to good food and good friends.
3	Maybe the adobada was not the proper choice for a first Phrank's experience. It was okay but not spectacular. The beans were quite garlicky but not bad. The rice was just blah.Now for the excellent guacamole-- it was fresh and flavorful!! It gave me hope that maybe I should give Phrank's another try on another day somewhere in the future.
5	Oh goodness. I don't think I've found a Mexican establishment that has gotten me 100% of the way until Phat Phrank came into my life. Except for maybe Chipotle but come on now, Chipotle doesn't count. Chipotle is like the unwanted child. BUT ANYWAYS .. My friend and I decided to try this place after I did some yelping around. Saw this, was on edge a bit because I don't normally go for Mexican but then saw the amazing reviews ...so we just had to give it a go. Let me tell you, no regrets.The guy who took our orders, whom I assume to be none other than the owner himself, was very nice. My friend ordered the Fish Taco Combo with hot sauce, which was their special for the day while I ordered the flautas. Phrank then suggested that the green sauce goes great with the flautas so I took his suggestion and went with that. He even asked us if it was our first time and that we should try his breakfast items and tortas next. Thumbs up. I liked how he tries to get to know you just a little bit. When our food came, it looked delicious. My friend loved his fish tacos. And my flautas! My goodness! They were so good. The chicken was moist had good flavor while the outside was crispy but not burnt. The green sauce that Phrank suggested went WONDERFUL with the flautas. I was so happy and in foodie heaven. However, I wasn't a big fan of the guac that came with it because it just tasted weird to me. It was salty .. hum. Anyways, both of our orders came with rice and beans, which were also very good. So when you order your food, eat them fresh!!!After we were done with our food, we wanted to try their churros. We've seen some of the pictures on yelp and we just HAD to. Though, when we did try it, we were a bit disappointed. It wasn't as light as we would've thought. It was actually quite dense and kind of hard. Also, amazingly sweet. If you're not really a sweets person, I don't recommend it just because it's sweet upon sweet due to the chocolate, caramel, and vanilla sauces they drip over the churros. I almost couldn't handle it. Service was good too. Phrank checked up on us about twice throughout our meal and was also checked up on twice by another employee on drink refills. All in all. Amazing. Would definitely return to try their breakfast items next time :)
5	So Phat Phrank's new hours are 7am - 7pm M-F, 10-3 on Saturdays, closed on Sunday. But the best news of all is that breakfast items are available all day (at least on Saturday!). So I finally got a chance to try it! And I can testify that Phrank is a VERY nice guy, the food is stellar, and the service was extremely friendly. Sometimes food is so good, I actually laugh out loud, and I can say my chourico breakfast burrito today made me do just that. What an enjoyable experience! This place is busiest during the weekdays, so check it out after 4pm during the week, or anytime Saturday, and I hope you love it as much as I do.
4	The torta sandwich was amazing. The bread was perfect. My only issue was with the nachos, they were kinda spicy but I'm a lil girl when it comes to spicy food so it won't bother most people
5	My wife read about Phrank's in a magazine on a recent trip to LV and insisted we try it. Am I glad she did! Her fish tacos were excellent, but my Adobado torte was spectacular, one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Had a nice chat with Phrank too as there was no one else in the place. Highly recommended.
1	They didn't want me to stay during lunch time for 3 hours to do my work. Bad for u guys.
5	MmmmmmmmMmmmMmmm nom nom nom I'm sorry I'm to busy enjoying the amazingness in front of me to finish my review....Just kidding! I'm full and happy! Got my Mexican fix here at phat phranks! I'm from an area in Cali known for Mexican food and this place brings me back home! I can't really say anything bad honest! It's a 20 min drive from my house but I DONT CARE! Ill drive here and If you know me I hate driving! Yummmmm Try it out you can't and won't be disappointed!
5	I drive by this place everyday, had to give it a try! I came in for take out Saturday afternoon, was happy I did, very friendly and helpful service.  I had a chicken burrito with guac, very tasty.  Chimi Cheesecake for dessert was amazing!! Will definitely be back on my lunch breaks!
5	Stopped here with my family on our last trip to Vegas and we were very pleased with both the service and the food.The fish tacos were absolutely awesome!They were very flavorful.We also ordered the carne asada fries.They were the best! You've got to try this place! You won't be disappointed.
3	Average across the board!! The food wasnt bad but it was bomb.com or what I was expecting from some of the reviews!!
5	My coworker and I stopped in today for lunch. The service was exceptional! Not only did they help us figure out what we should try, they came back throughout the meal to make sure that we were enjoying our food., which we did. We got the adobada torta and the fish tacos, both were so delicious that I could sit there and eat them all day. Both had such great flavors and every sauce (we tried them all) was awesome. The best part was, after we ate (way more than we should've) I didn't feel overfull or fat like I do after most of my Mexican food meals :) The ingredients were all super fresh and light. I will most definitely be back with friends. I only wish I had one closer to my house so that I could take my husband back for dinner tonight! I'll have to bring him soon! Thank you to everyone. I will most definitely be a phattie :)
2	Below average Mexican food. Food tasted rushed and bland. Lacked traditional mexican culture in the food. Honestly felt like I could make there food myself. Even down the the coffee I ordered tasted real cheap. First time here. Maybe ordered the wrong food on menu. But dont see myself going here again especially with it out of the way location.
2	I ordered a chorizo breakfast burrito and fish taco, my coworker had 4 carne asada tacos, and my other coworker had a barbacoa beef plate. The fish taco was great. But at over $4, quite pricey. The chorizo breakfast burrito was ok. Light on the chorizo in my opinion. There's no salsa bar nor did my waitress give me any type of salsa/hot sauce with my meal. Actually no one asked if I wanted green or red or anything. My coworker got some red sauce brought out with his tacos. He said his tacos were ok, but nothing special. My coworker that ordered the barbacoa beef said he would have rather eaten at qdoba. So that says a lot about his meal. Given the reviews, I expected a lot more from this place. If you're charging $3 a taco, it better be a pretty damn good taco. In my opinion, taco y taco is much better.
5	Love not only the food, but the service!  Homemade taste and lots of yum!
5	Absolutely love this place!  I stopped in on my lunch break yesterday and had the carne asada torta and it was incredible, the service was the best I can recall in a long time and the price was not at all bad.  I went in again for lunch today and ordered the carne asada burrito.  Phrank warned me it wouldn't be as good as the torta, but I beg to differ!  I enjoyed the burrito twice as much and this is now one of my favorite spots in Las Vegas!
5	The customer service here almost tops the food, frank is just a cool dude all around and will lay the details out for you if your a first timer. I say go for the chicken torta with side beans and rice. You can't go wrong with anything here though honestly.
5	Service was awesome! We felt like we were right at home! Food was quick, fresh, and delicious! We ordered the chicken flautas and the fish taco combo. Both were delicious, but the real winner were the fish tacos! A must! We definitely are makings stop at this place every time we are in town!
5	So good, we ordered the chicken taco, carne asada plate and chips/salsa. This will be our place for Mexican food when we are on the south-ish side of town.
5	Great food. I want to go back for more.
2	I think some people that are giving this place 4-5 stars need to revisit and adjust their reviews.  This restaurant is of no higher quality than Roberto's and that's not saying much.  Despite Phat Frank's accommodating personality, I don't see the quality here.  I stopped here for lunch last week only because I happen to be in the Sunset and Decatur area and the listing had some good reviews from people I actually know.  Well, I don't trust any of you anymore...OK I'm kidding, sort of.Selection:  "Steak" Burrito upgraded to "wet" with red sauce.  I was not a fan of this offering due to the fact that the "steak" was more like ground beef, the burrito was barely warm (bordering on room temperature) and the red sauce was essentially watered down ketchup and had no kick to it whatsoever.  Overall the meal was a disappointment.  I'm not sure how a burrito that is made on the spot is sent out room temperature but that's what I got.Phact:  I won't be back.
5	Great food, period!.. The owner and staff are beyond nice.... good selection and very authentic, not greasy like Robertos. Carne Asada fries are beyond good!!!Will definately be a regular for me.
5	Excellent food and great service. We're really glad we found this place. Tacos were very good and breakfast burrito was excellent.
3	This place is just ok. I'd stop by again if I was in the area maybe, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. They didn't melt the cheese on our nachos and we had to walk through a cloud of several employees smoke when we walked out. I don't know why places don't realize that employees should smoke out back.
5	Gotta get the fish tacos!!! They're expensive (too expensive actually) but they're amazing!!
4	Has good reviews and I was not disappointed. You must try the churros with caramel and chocolate.. So good! I will be back!
5	First time eating here. Won't be the last.Came in with my lady. Ordered carne asada fries, adobada burrito, barbacoa tacos and cheesecake chimis.Asada fries were good, nothing that sets it apart from other asada fries.Adobada burrito was the best pork I've had at a Mexican restaurant within this price range.Barbacoa tacos were exceptional, well flavored and fresh veggies.Cheesecake chimis were the bomb. Ate mine in 2 bites.This is one of the best Mexican restaurants at its price range. I will be coming here again for sure.Owner is super nice too.
2	I pass this place on the way to work and wanted to give it a try. I walked in to a small crowded room with no seating available. With no one at the counter I looked over the menu. I went with the special, a Carne asada torta with fries and a drink for just over $10 with tax. With a few people behind me I stood by the door to be out of the way. I wasn't given a number so I waited until a girl who was walking around finally came to me and asked what I ordered. The food was ok but not that outstanding. Not planning a return anytime soon.
5	First time here. Really great food at very wallet friendly prices. The whole family loves the food. Carne asada wet burrito. Adobada wet burrito and a two taco plate with rice and beans with three cokes. Under $30 and very delicious and home made. Pretty rock star.
4	Came here for a brunch with friends!I love trying everyone's Adobada / Al Pastor, so when I saw it in Torta form here, I had to have it!Adobada Torta ($7.39): Braised Pork, Cheese, Cabbage, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, Cilantro & Secret Sauce. This was GREAT! The bread is very thin, crispy and has a butter toast like flavor!  The adobada is thin, has lots of flavor and is cooked right.  This is one of the better tortas I've had in town actually!  Eva went with the Carne Asada Breakfast Burrito ($5.99): Grilled Steak, Eggs, Potatoes & Cheese. Good breakfast burrito here! Price and portion is fair too.I'd come back for the Torta alone!  But chances are, I will try something new to see if there are any other surprises to be had :)
2	Meh. I came here for the fish tacos based on the reviews. These are the breaded and fried variety with a load of mayo based sauce and lettuce and not much (if anything) else. I prefer the grilled style, and my favorite place doesn't add the typical lettuce or cheese or white sauce; they add a stew of tomatoes, onions, cilantro and delicious spices. Maybe I am biased on that, so take it with a grain of salt. Speaking of which, the chile verde plate was too salty (not sure which component it was) and only okay IMHO. Phrank is a nice guy and I hope he does well. Obviously a lot of people love the food here. It's just not my cup of tea.
5	After reading the reviews I had to try this place. I'm glad I did, everything we ordered  was full of flavor, the fish taco, the Cotota sandwich, chili verde plate and Adobado torta. I'm looking forward to eating there again. I also had the chance to talk to "Phrank", super cool dude.
5	Some of the best mexican food I have ever tried. Delicious seasoning, amazing staff and customer service.
4	SOLID, better than a lot of the other "local Vegas" places you can go..   You know it's going to be good when the owner is still active in the restaurant.   He was working the register and really wanted to serve clients right.   We talked a bit about Wahoos, his goal of having a restaurant in every state, not selling out (but that's okay... ), wanting to be private like In-N-Out..... anyhow about the foodI had the CARNITAS TORTA.   It was very well executed.   One of the best mexican-american tortas that I've ever had.    Loved that they used fresh ingredients like first generation mexican but tasted americanized in a very good way.   Reminds me to an mexican version of Jack Urban Eats (Sacramento) and a similar quality to Guisados (East LA).
5	I Have gone here many times, nothing but A+ food and service. Frank is an amazing person he greets most by name and can even remember what you usually order. He interacts with everyone and makes sure everything comes out aces, which it always does. The Adobada torta and Flautas are my personal favorite. The chicken in the flautas is so tender and juicy and packed with flavor. Everyone needs to experience this amazing restaurant. Very accessible as well, since it is right off the 215 freeway on S. Decatur and W Sunset.
3	Atmosphere and friendliness of shop and owner save this review from a 1 star rating.I ordered two burritos both either had too little food or the tortillas was way too big. I literally tore off between the two enough tortillas to make 2 big tacos. The potatoes inside the burritos were way over cooked, I would say burnt. I might try this place again but only because the owner was nice. The guacamole also had too much garlic and salt l, a little less and I wouldn't of even mentioned it. For food I would recommend Don Tortaco if you want a breakfast burrito. The hot salsa was delicious though and the chorizo was also perfect minus the tortillas and potato issues.
4	Had a burrito here, with tamarindo beverage.  The food and beverage is excellent.  Location is a bit far that is why I only rate it with 4 stars.  Hope they open one close to home
5	Today was the first time eating here. Was great. I had the fish tacos, they were good size and very tasty. The cilantro sauce on the was bomb. The owner Frank is a very nice guy. He gave me and my wife many samples. I will be back
5	This place is pretty dang good. I would put it a few steps above Roberto's. Great Salsa and food is fresh and staff is friendly.
3	This was an upscale version of a taco shop. For the most part same taco shop fare but higher prices and more adjectives in their menu, such as, "flawless" and "delectable".  The owner took our order. I asked him what he recommended and he said people like the fish taco and the tortas. I then asked him what his favorite was and he replied "I like them all it is like picking a favorite granchild" to which I said "but everyone has a favorite." He eventually told me until the article last week (which I have no idea of) barbacoa was the most popular. So I tried the two taco plate, one fish and one barbacoa.  The barbacoa was a little dry and not a lot of flavor, also the portion of barbacoa for the price in the taco was pretty small.  The fish taco was pretty good, fried cod I think, it was a pretty big piece of fish and it was fried well, a little greasy, but crispy. The plate also came with a small portion of rice and beans.  I got the hot salsa - owner said not as hot as habaneros, but it still had a pretty good kick.  Also, a medium Jamaica drink (free refills) - I paid a little under $12 - which I think is expensive for a taco shop.  The food came on paper plates, which I would expect, but again for the price it seems like you should get more.  It just didn't seem that authentic - but I am more of a Tacos El Gordo type of girl personally.
4	Delicious authentic Mexican food! Family owned, comfortable feel. The decor was music themed which I love. I ordered the Barbacoa taco plate. It was delicious, perfectly spiced, and  just enough food portions. The one critique I would give is that the beans were not my favorite. I would definitely recommend if you are looking for your Mexican fix!! :)
3	After seeing the chile verde burrito from Phrank's listed in LV Weekly's Top 10 Mexican Meals, I had to try it. I happened to be in the area due to a Yelp event, so I called in a phone order and picked it up.Shout out to their stellar customer service: the lady who took my phone order was sweet, quick, and efficient. And when I called back for their address, she gave me thorough directions, unsurprised that my GPS was coming up with errors. I really appreciated her help.Arrived and was helped by a sweet older gentleman at the counter who for some reason did not strike me as being Phrank- but he also was super helpful. I was late to a Yelp event and that address also was not coming up in my GPS! He cued up Google Earth and talked me through it- then gave me my takeout order of chile verde burrito with mild salsa.But I finally got my opportunity to dive into my burrito, and it was enjoyable. The ratio of rice and beans was favorable- I prefer not to have too many in my burrito, if at all, and they were flavorful but light. The majority of the burrito was stuffed with shredded chicken, and there was a good amount of cheese, too. As for the chile verde component of my order- well, the chicken was flavorful and had a kick to it. But it wasn't noticeably "chile verde", it could have quite easily passed for simply a spicy chicken burrito. This coming from a girl who regularly goes to Albuquerque and knows chile verde very well- I'm even open to interpretations, but this just didn't have the tomatillo-chile kick to it that I was expecting after the rave reviews. That's not to say it was bad, I was quite satisfied with it and felt it was priced well (about $7), but it was not the quintessential chile verde dish I was led to expect.I'd come back if in the area- the food seems very authentic and the service was, as I said, beyond friendly.
5	I had to renew my sheriffs card and decided to stop somewhere quick on my way. I saw Phat Phranks and remembered reading about it in the weekly. It was delicious! The service was great, everyone was very nice. They were helping the woman in front of me with directions, but didn't make me wait to take my order too. I got the carnitas (pork) taco plate- the carnitas was flavorful and moist. The tortillas were piping hot. Very satisfying meal. I will definitely stop in the next time I am over here!
5	Some of the best food I've had in awhile. The staff was awesome and fast, it was so yummy I can't believe it took me 2 years to try this place is so close to my house. A new favorite! :-)
5	Decided to eat here for my lunch date with my husband and the food was great! I got the chicken flautas and he got the carne asada torta! The food was delicious and the prices was reasonable. We will be coming here for our lunch dates every week
2	Frank (Phrank?) was really great the first time I stopped in, when they weren't too busy. He hooked us up with good service and was very personable. I like the place so much that I even offered to photoshop one of his signs and send it to him personally, which I did shortly after leaving. I told him to suggest a meal, and he did, so ended up ordering a couple of awesome tacos.The 2nd time I visited wasn't so pleasant. I don't think Frank even recognized me, not to mention I didn't get my drink that I ordered. I left my order number (these things they give you when you order) on the table along with some of my belongings and went to use the bathroom. By the time I came back, my order number was gone, my food wasn't there, and I had to interrupt an order that was being taken by Frank to tell him what was going on. He got the attention of his workers and they brought my food on a tray, but I ordered it to-go. Three errors in one sitting, and I tipped extremely well straight away and left the restaurant feeling like I wanted my tip back. Probably won't be going back to Phat Phranks again after this trip. Sorry Frank!
5	Delicious mexican food!  Chili relleno and taquitos were fantastic.  Frank is super friendly.  I will definitely be back to try more of the items on the menu.  Love locally owned businesses.
1	I'm not sure why this place has so many great reviews. The food was edible. That's about it. Nothing stood out. Personally, I think I could get a more authentic fish taco at Rubio's and a better tasting carnitas burrito at Chipotle--and at 1/2 the price. There wasn't enough flavor or spice or anything, really. Was asked what kind of salsa do I want? Um, I don't know, how about all of them? How do I know which one is best if I can't try them all? Total turn off. My burrito was dry and I didn't like having to beg for more soda. For God's sake invest in a salsa bar & let people get their own soda! One more tip: don't run out of utensils. Especially when customers don't appear to be lining up. When business is that slow, you shouldn't really run out of anything or make your guests wait while you restock the forks.
5	This was my second time eating here and I had to yelp it. First the service is genuinely warm and welcoming, like you're part of the family. You're greeted right away usually by the owner Frank himself. You can tell he takes pride in his restaurant and it really shows in the food. Amazing mexican food! This time around I had the Chile Verde burrito. The pork was tender and flavor packed. Not greasy or fatty like at some places, just the perfect balance. I would highly recommend this place if you're looking for some great authentic mexican cooking! Also they are now open on Saturday's.
4	I had the adobada torta with the and the fish taco. Torta was amazing, however I think it could have used a bit more meat.  The fried cod taco I think cost too much, however the fish and sauce are delicious, just not worth the price and my corn tortilla fell apart.  Good service in a shopping center restaurant. maybe come back to try the desserts.
5	Love, love, love Phat Phrank's!!!!!  Frank is awesome, and I absolutely love their food!  I have tried various menu items, and they have all been amazing!  It's a ways from my house, but I will travel out of my way to go there because the food is great, and the staff is very friendly!
5	After reading all the rave reviews here on Yelp my husband and I just had to check this place out! It definitely didn't disappoint!  We had the fish tacos which by far were the best I'd ever had! The fish was fresh and the "secret sauce" they put on it was delish! As we were about to leave we were asked how everything was from who we believe was the owner - he was friendly and suggested other items for when we return - great customer service! If you're looking for traditional Mexican food, definitely check this place out!
3	My first experience here wasn't bad ... I just thought the food was OK on average. Nothing to special about it. It's pretty much your typical American Mexican joint. From the name, I guess I was just expecting a lot. Location - located on a strip mall right next to a gas station and other food joints. Corner of Decatur and Sunset.Atmosphere - the place is small but it's pretty clean and cozy. It was pretty busy when I went during lunch hour. Food - I'm a nocturnal type of person so I always wake up late. I was craving some type of Mexican breakfast and I came across this place. I had the Chorizo breakfast burrito with a side of Barbacoa taco. Like I mentioned earlier, I thought the food was average. Prices are decent and it's something you'd expect from a place like this. I've had better ones at a local Roberto's ... Service - no complaints on service. It's the typical order from the counter, pay and they'll being the food to you type of shindig. It was pretty prompt and the lady was quite nice. Overall, I'd probably give this place another go. Maybe for something quick or maybe to try their famous chocolate drizzled churro. If you're looking for Mexican food or some type of Mex fusion, I'd go somewhere else...
3	After picking my fiancee up in the morning, we took a quick look for some off-Strip food joints that were serving breakfast, and we ended up at Phat Phrank's on a Friday morning. At 10 AM in the morning or so, it was pretty empty, so we were able to order right away, and our food came our relatively quickly (around 5 minutes or so after we placed the order). I went with the barbacoa breakfast platter, while my fiancee went with the huevos rancheros. Both were really good - the barbacoa was cooked enough so that it shredded easily, and it really goes well with solidly-done scrambled eggs. I do say I wish I could have combined it with the huevos rancheros' pepper sauce, which added a real nice kick to her dish and made the dish flavors much more vibrant. While I like the idea of the thinly-sliced fried potatoes (they sure looked like plantain chips, but they definitely tasted like potatoes), they're a bit on the light side. Given the rest of the meal is relatively hearty, I think a bigger serving, or adding a side of Mexican-style rice, would have been a better way to round out the dish.I'd like to come back sometime to try the regular offerings, but breakfast on its own was okay. It's better than your average breakfast, but I've had better Mexican-inspired breakfast dishes at other places.
5	So amazing! My boyfriend and I were craving a good breakfast burrito. We are pretty picky about our breakfast burritos but the reviews were good and prices looked decent so we figured we would try this place. We both got the carne asada breakfast burrito add guacamole. The burrito was a perfect size. And the portions of meat, potato cheese and guacamole was perfect. The potatoes are a little crunchy which I loved!  They have a good variety of different burritos. I can't wait to come back here and try something different. The service was amazing. The staff was funny and energetic. It looks like a place where u order then they call your number and you get up and grab your meal but we sat down and they brought our food to us. 3 different staff members asked how we were and wanted to make sure we had everything we needed. The owner was working and out talking to everyone. Making everyone feel welcome and comfortable. He came over and made sure we got refills before we left. Honestly all around this place was great! Such a good spot to go to before your own the road or if you don't want to spend too much money but want a good meal. It's very casual so if your looking for something fancy this isn't the place for you. SO GOOD!!
5	Moving to Vegas from Southern California left us us wanting for good local Mexican food. We found Phrank's a while ago and it's now our go-to spot. Everything I've had here is excellent and the staff is friendly and actually cares that you're happy. HIGHLY recommended.
5	I can't tell you hope great it is to get high quality meats from a taco shop. Healthy, tasty food cooked fresh. I eat here several times a week and have my entire office hooked on Franks. Do yourself a favor and visit Phat Franks. The chicken is my favorite
1	I really wanted to like this place but it just didn't happen. First of all the girl @ the counter was very rude..she was a larger woman and I was just coming from the gym & in my workout outfit. She kind of rolled her eyes at me. I asked for a side salad..got a "noooo". Not sure why I didnt leave at that point..I ordered the fish tacos, sauce on the side. I got a very fried cod (not a fish I ever eat) square thing in a tortilla w loads of lettuce. The rice was not tasty and the beans were too fatty tasting. I ate a few bites and left. I guess when I think of fish tacos I'm thinking grilled fish, fresh salsa white rice black beans type . Maybe I'm just too much of a health foodie for phat phrank.
4	So we got referred here by a co worker and I'll say this..although Ive only had the fish tacos and barbacoa taco and churros it was really good..their fish taco is on point now I.didn't really enjoy the barbacoa but I'll definitely come back to phat phranks for the fish taco..the owner is also really nice and he recommends to try their breakfast burritos which I love and the huevos rancheros with their chili Verde...I can't wait
4	I had the adobada torta and it was damn good.  The bread was really thin and crispy.  It had something tasting like bleu cheese on it which I have never had on Mexican food but I liked the taste.  You order at the counter then get a number and they bring your food out.  The portions aren't gigantic but filling enough.
5	I looooooove this place!!! It's fast Mexican food, but not your typical fast food. Everything is made to order an delicious every time.....and the staff...the best!!
5	Good service. Took a little while to get good but food was excellent. I would recommend the fish tacos and adobada torta
5	If you've had Phranks, you get it. There's something about walking into the place and seeing the owner behind the counter taking your order every time. This place is Frank's passion and it shows. He has a tattoo of "Phat Phranks" for sobbing out loud. He loves it and he loves everyone that comes in. As far as food. Get the Adobada Torta. It's no secret. You've heard about it for a reason and that's why you're reading these reviews. Infamous "one-sentence review"?I wish Frank DIDN'T work so much in the place he takes so much pride in, so he'd be able to have a Harley ride with me.
5	Been coming here for a few years now whenever I'm in town. Service is excellent every time. I have eaten just about everything on the menu over the years and haven't found anything that wasn't delicious. Highly recommend to anyone craving good ol mom and pop mexican food. Compares to my favorites in SoCal anyday!
5	The food here is amazing! I came here on lunch with my boss and had the Adobada Torta, their signature sandwich. I have had nothing tastier in even the most expensive sit down Mexican restaurants. Frank knocked it out if the park on this one! the flavors are incredible! between the secret sauce and the carmalized meat its just surging with flavor. I'm soo impressed that I signed up for a yelp account just to write this post. Frank's is one of those small hometown gems, family run that is just so lovable. Thanks for the great food, you have a customer for life!!!
5	Two words: Adobada Torta. If you have not tried Phat Phranks, it is imperative that you do so ASAP! The chile verde burrito is also wonderful - a little spice, and lots of flavor! The fish tacos are to die for, and if you like authentic Mexican So-Cal style, this is the place to go. Besides having a small-town Restaraunt atmosphere in a big city, Frank seriously makes every guest feel welcome. If it isn't right, he will make it right immediately. It's always refreshing to see the owner working behind the counter, ensuring everything is just right for his guests.
3	Drove a long time to get here because of the super high yelp rating. But I don't think it should be that high review, at least for my first time experience. We got the Carne asada plate, taste just average and the size is small. The inside is small and very simple but seems very busy during lunch time.  I don't think I will drive back here for lunch. Maybe it is good for ppl live near by.
5	I love this place got some hearty, fresh Mexican food! They don't always have menudo. If you're a fan, be sure to find out when they will be cooking it!
3	The food here is pretty good... I had the asada tacos and they were good but a bit dry, my husband had the pork torta special (I could have the name totally wrong) and he said it was the absolute best he has ever had. I am disappointed because I ordered (and paid for) the beans and rice for both meals and never got them. I didn't realize it until after we left (my own fault) because I had two kids keeping my attention during the meal. I will be back and I hope to be able to update with a better review next time. The food and service was great I knocked the rating down because I didn't get all of the food I paid for and my asada tacos were a bit dry.
5	Wow. If you don't give this place five stars after eating here, your taste buds need adjusting. Ate at Phranks for the first time tonight and I plan on going back frequently. Best torta I've had in Vegas hands down (Adobada torta) and the friendliest service possible from the owner himself. I ordered over the phone for pickup and Phrank went over the menu with me, made recommendations and was very accommodating. I'll be back for sure!
2	Just another Robertos or Don TorTaco. I asked for green chile on my Burrito and you'd have thought i was speaking chinese.25 years in Albuquerque makes me a little snobbish on Mexican food . This isn't close. This is cali mex ok if you like that .
5	A friend recommended this place and I'm glad they did! We went in today and were greeted by the owner who was so nice and upbeat. I ordered fish taco plate which came with beans and rice. A lot of places I go to their beans and rice just don't do it for me, but phranks beans and rice were really good. He also gave us all the salsas to try since he knew it was our first time, hot,medium,mild. When you tell me something is hot it should have kick to it and yes it did!  The fish tacos were great. Great batter,nice crunch, delicious sauce, and just right amount of green cabbage and cilantro to compliment the fish.
5	Had Phat Franks for the first time just a few hours ago. Very impressed with the food and Frank. He and his helper (didn't catch her name) are very cordial and really make an effort to offer exceptional service. Ordered one carnitas and two chicken tacos. They were phenomenal! I love tacos and try to sample as many as possible. Frank does a great job. The meat is flavorful, moist and plentiful, the corn tortillas fresh and the toppings are near salad like proportions (cabbage, cilantro and onion). I opted for the spicy salsa (there is a mild, green and spicy) which had a nice kick to it. There is no salsa bar, your choice is added to the order. The price, as I recall, is about $2.89 per taco. A little on the higher side, but they are worth it as the overall size and meat portion trumps the other tacos I've come across.The place is also very clean and the food is made to order and prepared quickly.       Phat Frank's is simply PHantastic!
5	We made a point to eat here multiple times on our business trip to Vegas. Ate here for dinner and breakfast multiple times it was affordable the service was incredible and the food aMazing! Great home cooked taste!
5	Great torta.  Excellent service.  Would go again.
3	This place was tasty but in no way remarkable. The food is perfectly adequate in flavor and portion but doesn't stand out as a 'must eat'.  The service was friendly and quick. If I'm looking for a cheap fast meal I'll take Phat Phranks over fast food or Roberto's any day. The only negative was the horchata was bland and tasted like it was a mix.
5	I don't write reviews- at all. But after going to phat phranks I needed to. Literally the best Mexican joint in Vegas. Not only was their carne asada burrito something I will forever crave, but their chips and hot salsa were insanely awesome! On top if that, this small joint has the most friendly staff which is hard to find in Vegas. I swear to god, go to this place, your life will be changed.
5	We stopped in a little after 6pm and were the only ones in the place (it's more of a breakfast and lunch spot from what I gather).  The owner greeted us and was very friendly to my wife and I, explaining some menu items and pointing us to some of the more popular items.  My wife got the fish tacos and was very pleased with them.  I got the Chile Verde Pork burrito, which was massive, had plenty of meat inside and tons of flavor.  Each dish comes with his three salsas, a mild and hot red and a verde.  I'm a big fan of verde (green) salsa, and his was excellent.  We're from out of town, but if I am ever in Las Vegas again, I would definitely come back.
5	I came from los angeles and PHAT PHRANKS is differently a must come to while your in vegas. Chicken enchiladas BOMB!!! So cal show some love to PHRANKS..
3	Stopped by on my lunch break, I've been looking for a good fish taco place for awhile now so I was hopeful this would be it. Ordered a fish taco and a chicken taco. The fish taco was ok, nothing exciting just your run of the mill fish taco. Lots of lettuce and no tomatoes in the pico de gallo and only 1 tortilla (most restaurants serve them with two). At over $4 for a single taco (no beans or rice or even tortilla chips) I thought it was pretty overpriced. The chicken taco was pretty boring, again no pico de gallo and tons of lettuce. The shredded chicken was lacking flavor so I piled on the salsa. Breakfast looked more reasonably priced and seems to have good reviews so I'll probably give it a try one day. Kinda disappointed!
3	We came to phat phranks for some Mexican food, more like a 3.5 star restaurant. We ordered the huevos rancheros, breakfast burrito and some flautas. The huevos rancheros came with either red or green sauce, I picked green because it has pork in the sauce. The dish was really greasy for my taste, the beans, eggs and the fried chips were swimming in grease. It wasn't a traditional huevos rancheros. The fried potatoes were delicious And the dish was okay, just too greasy. The flautas were crispy and tasty with fresh guacamole. The service was good.I had to give it 3.5 stars due to the greasy meal and also, we were charged for tap water. I'm not sure if that is a Vegas thing, but it was a bit unusual for me to see that.
4	My boyfriend and I stopped in for lunch. The service was shockingly friendly. Phrank was cheerful and pleasant. The prices are awesome. We filled our bellies under twenty bucks! The only down side is the food is simple and plain. I had the chicken tacos combo and my boyfriend had a wet red sauce burrito. Neither had much taste at all, which was disappointing because it looked so yummy and the service/environment was five stars easily. Please Phrank you have an awesome set up! Don't let the bland bandit get you.
3	The food is REALLY good! However, their service is really off! Not just once but several visits. And whatever you do, do NOT sit/lean on their counters!!!
5	Best Mexican I've had in years.  Phrank was working the register and cleaning.  We chatted for a bit and seemed like a really nice guy.  I live close so going back soon.
5	I'm a fan! The service was great- the man running the business (is his name actually Phrank?) was great and took the time to chat with me. The prices are all very reasonable and the food is delicious as well! I had the fish tacos place which comes with rice and beans and is enough for a meal, but I indulged my sweet tooth and went for the chimi cheesecake as well. The fish on the tacos is breaded lightly and the sauce on them is delicious. The salsa was fresh and had a very small kick (I went for the mild). The chimi cheesecake was also good- very sweet and very filling, the serving size is good for 2.  I will definitely be coming back here!
5	A word out to Phrank on the Fish taco, just love the light breading, thanks for coming out and saying hi. Very personal touch man! Had the fish and steak taco combo, liked them both very much and the hot salsa is super good too.
5	I went to lunch with some coworkers. We weren't sure about this place since it was new. Wow! We were pleasantly surprised. I had the Chile Verde burrito and it was yummy. It had just enough spice to it. It came enchilada style with the Chile Verde sauce (just how I like it). They have 3 salsas (mild, med, hot). The hot is pretty hot just like it should be.I highly recommend this place. But go early. We got there at 11:30 and our food came really fast. We were leaving at 12:15 and the line was out the door.
5	Very good local Mexican place. Came in and. Was treated to great service. Had the flautas. Worth the time to check out.
5	Las Vegas is overrun with celebrity chefs -- Bobby Flay, Joel Robuchon, and Jose Andres all come to mind -- but my favorite Las Vegas chef these days is Frank Miranda, of Phat Phrank's fame (phame?).Frank is running one of the best hidden spots in town.  I'd been there once before, but I recently visited again to try Frank's famous ceviche.  And it was just as outstanding as I'd been told.  I don't know how he finds such fresh fish in the middle of the desert.  Clearly Frank is a miracle worker.The other highlight was tasting Frank's chimi cheesecake.  A tortilla stuffed with cream cheese, deep-fried, and then coated with generous cinnamon sugar and caramel?  Um, yes please!Frank's little restaurant is a total gem.  So here's my tip to Californians driving up the northbound 15 to kick off a Vegas  weekend: A couple miles before you reach the Strip, make a little detour onto the westbound 215, and drive one exit to Decatur Blvd.  Phat Phrank's will be right there, waiting to fill your belly with delicious Mexican-American fare that's made with love.  (It's cheap too, leaving that many more benjamins in your wallet available for squandering at the casino.)
4	Worth the drive! I'm so glad I placed my phone order before I checked the cross streets, because I probably wouldn't have ordered it since I was coming from Fort Apache and Flamingo, but it only took a few minutes on the 215 to get there! And Phat Phrank's certainly exceeded my expectations! My husband and I ordered three burritos to share with our three kids (1, 3 & 6 years old) and the five of us couldn't finish them! My favorite was the Chile Verde (with green sauce, of course) and my husband's was the Barbacoa! We also got the Carne Asada with red sauce, which was very good, but I definitely prefer the green sauce. Oh! And we got an order of chips and salsa, also delicious! The salsa is very fresh and flavorful (we tried all three: hot, mild and green) and the chips are perfect! And the staff is friendly, both on the phone and in person! We'll absolutely be back!
4	Ordered the much yelped fish tacos. It truly is good. Next time I go to Vegas, will definitely return to Phat Phranks!
5	The owner is so friendly! He walks around to make sure everything is good. He has a hands-on management approach. The food is great. The service is great too!
5	I love this place! The food is authentic and they always remember my name when I come in. I always get the barbacoa burrito and its never failed me! They are famous for their Chile Verde burrito..so I'll have to try that soon!
5	The tortas are amazing!!! It's not all bread like I have had at other places. The bread is thin and perfectly soft yet slightly crunchy.We also tried the chili verde and it was very good. They give you three small cups of salsa to try out; a green one, a smokey one, and a regular pico type one- they were all packed with flavor! Prices are very reasonable too. Best taco shop I have had in Vegas.
5	This place thoroughly deserves all five stars! I like to support local family owned businesses but these people also just happen to make the best Mexican food around. I have been coming here for about two years and they never disappoint. Everything on the menu is delicious. They even have a healthy option which is usually a problem if you want Mexican food. "The Trainers Salad" is delicious for how good it is for you. The fish tacos are to die for! I could go on and on but I must mention the ground beef "gringo style" tacos. Get them, that is all I have time for but everything there us delicious and it's all homemade and everyone is always friendly. Go there and thank me later.
5	Phat Franks have the best Mexican food and environment. .Outstanding staff and service
5	Love Love Love Phat Phrank's!!!!One of the best burritos I have EVER had! The Chili Verde Burrito...... you really must try this fabulous creation. It is amazing!!!!My husband had the breakfast burrito with bacon and he said his was really good.I will def be back, the problem...... I don't know if I can go and try anything else.....the chili verde burrito was just that good!
5	Love this place!  Best chicken burrito I've had in Las Vegas.  I haven't tried anything else yet because I can't steer myself away.  Did have the chips and salsa, which were very good.  Love the medium salsa.  Place is small and packed during lunch, so go early.  Service has always been great.  Only thing I don't like is, that the fountain machine is behind the counter, so you have to ask for refills, but they've always been quick.
5	This is my first time here and I will Definitely be back!!! The food is great, I had the Carne Asada Torta, and the service was down home friendly.  You will not be disappointed!!!
5	I bought the Carne Asada Torta at Phat Phrank's and it was amazing. Everything tasted super fresh and flavorful. It's cafe style where you order at the counter, but the service was awesome. The owner came out and personally got us more drinks and stood and talked with us for a moment. The rest of the staff was super friendly and you can tell a lot of love is poured into this food. We were there celebrating a birthday so the owner brought out a dessert he called a Chimicheescake that was soooo good. A flaky shell filled with warm cream cheese drizzled with cinnamon sugar and honey. I will definitely be going back!
3	Honestly can say not sure what all the hype is. Maybe i need to try the tacos everyone is talking about because the enchaladas are a big miss
2	Not sure why this place is rated so high. The food was so bland. I usually trust yelp. Not on this one. Yelpers got it wrong.  I wonder who wrote these reviews, family of the owner? I'd stay clear. I don't like Roberto's taco shop but Roberto's has more taste than this place.
5	Awesome place for lunch in the area. These people know good Mexican cuisine.  I had the carnitas burrito with red sauce. Chili sauce "wet" is the way to go, trust me. Carnitas were tender and juicy. Also, it's family owned/operated. Nothing "commercial" about this place at all. Just real, flavorful food.
5	Real Mexican food, that tastes great and gives you what you pay for. Chili verde burrito was awesome, would recommend this place to anyone looking for some great Mexican food. Service was awesome too!!
4	Came from LA to Vegas and we wanted Mexican food. Yelped it and came here. Great tortas,  burritos and taquitos. The beans didn't taste homemade.
5	I have been eating hear since they opened and it's been consistently excellent to this day. My favorite is the Chile rellano burrito. But I've tried about everything and it's all good. Family run and friendly place.
5	This place was so yummy! My husband had huevos rancheros and I had burrito. The owner is super nice
4	Really cute family place with great prices.  We loved the food and took their recommendations on what to order.  Mr R got a breakfast burrito with carne asada and I got the adobada plate. Loved them both. The pork especially was very good with the green salsa.
5	Came here because of a classmates recommendation. Ordered the barbacoa burrito.Pros-speedy service, flavorful burrito.  I recommend the mild sauce.  A great mom&pop store (5 stars).  Will go to again.  Cons- the spicy sauce is very, very spicy.  I wish there was a scale from 1 to 10 for more options instead of only 1 option.  However, I was impressed with their level of spice.  (4.5 stars)
