5	On a weekender to Vegas, my gf and I were hungering for sushi one night and the concierge of our hotel (Monte Carlo) suggested going to Yellowtail, the newest restaurant at the Bellagio.  Only open a week,  one might expect some hiccups along the way, but the food was top notch and the service was even more so.The outside entrance signals the restaurant's presence with a beautifully decorated, massive glass tile mosaic of a yellowtail fish.  Indoors, posh, elegant, with clean yet comfortable lines in a contemporary style. Seated at the bar (since we had no reservation), the service didn't slack one bit as our bar waitress was more than knowledgeable, explaining the vast menu choices and offering helpful suggestions on what to order.   Despite the busy atmosphere of having to juggle bar mixology and restaurant patrons, she checked up on us often and made us feel comfortable.  Food wise, my best description for this dining experience would be - sushi fusion.  Combining East and West sensibilities into sushi produced some unique flavor combinations that I've never tasted before.  I'm not talking about your typical California roll here.  Think banana flavored sake, strawberry topped rolls in place of unagi, Big Eye Tuna Pizza with shiso, Toro Sashimi with caviar and microgreens.  The crab dynamite was delicious with generous chunks of crab meat, and a hint of spiciness. One of their signature selections is the Grand Omikase, a six course tasting menu based on the chef's* fancy that day.  I would highly recommend this, as it's the most bang for the buck, and you get to taste a vast array of flavors.  Kobe beef fans will be satisfied as this includes  Washu beef (a domestic breed of Kobe) offered in a tenderloin cut; a texture that just melted in my mouth.Some might think sushi fusion is a bastardization against tradition, but I think it's fun.  Why not try something new?  Your palate might thank you for it.*(Head chef, Akira Back, has worked with industry greats such as chefs Nobu and Morimoto.)
5	By far, the best sushi bar I've ever been to. The service is superb, the location is beautiful and the food blew my mind with its freshness.
5	This place was awesome!! We ended up coming here not knowing that this was a brand new restaurant, and once we got here we had the impression that they had been around for a while based upon their service, quality, and professionalism. Their rolls are amazing! In fact I liked them better than Nobu.  Try their Yellowtail and scallops roll, soft shell crab roll, and definitely try their crab roll with pop rocks!  Their Mochi is also quite good.  Oh and FYI - the chef is from Nobu. I really, really, really liked their service. Everyone was extremely friendly.  The manager even came over to chat and even gave us passes to The Bank!
5	I love sushi.  I love it raw and I love it alot!  My goal is to try every Japanese place in every hotel we stay at in Vegas.  Raw may give you the runs but raw will keep you lean.  Yellowtail at the Bellagio Hotel in Vegas is an excellent choice.  We started out with endamame (soybeans) which came out in 2 flavors:  with sea salt or wok fried with a sweet chili sauce.  The sea salt was good, but the sweet chili sauce was a little too oily for our tastes.  It's something a white person would eat and like, but for Asians don't do it! It was like something from Panda Express - the white man's chinese food.  Our next try was the spicy miso soup with crab. It was not too spicy, pretty good, but the crab made it a little fishy tasting.  Next we tried yellowtail sashimi and giant clams. Both were delicious and fresh tasting.  Yellowtail has fish flown in daily. Next we had the kobe beef skewers.  It tastes like real kobe beef.  Alot of times you go to places that sell Kobe beef and it just tastes like regular American angus. We finished off with mango sorbet and mochi balls.  The fried mochi balls are good if you like that doughy mochi taste.Try the Omakase.  It's a six course fixed menu.  It will give you a little sample of everything.  Do not try the melon martini.  It was gross and creamy.  Creamy martinis are always disgusting.  Service gets an A+ here.  There are always about 5 people nearby just waiting to meet your needs.  Oh and this is not your traditional sushi place with the sweet Japanese girls.  The girls look like the "me love you long time" type in shorty slutty cleavagey dresses.  I think that big fake racks are required to work here since all of the girls had them. The tits here are better than they are Hooters. It's great for people watching!
3	Meh-yep, I've had better. I think Tao was a lot better than this place. Cons:The sushi didn't taste too fresh-it was really just ehhhhhhhh'.The yellowtail/scallion roll just tasted like kimbap. You know..the fish just was ehhhhh.Pros: Great service. Very polite and wasn't pushy about ordering their most expensive thing on the menu like some places in vegas. Waiters were cute :DRight now I can't think because I'm still recuperating from my trip. Will edit later.
3	Nigiri was about as good as I expected, didn't blow me away. rolls were OK. They have this one roll though that is in itself worth going to.... pork shoulder  roll. OH MY GOD. You must order this roll. There's some tempura goodness rolled into a maki where when you put the thing in your mouth and bite into it you get this incredible sensation of texture... seaweed, then rice, then crunchy tempura, then this amazing pork fatty goodness. super yum. Just order that. You don't need to get anything else there.Ambiance... I have a thing for restaurants that embellish the space with dark wood and dark drapery. Also, the plating was fabulous. I loved the nice long bar.Ok... this is maybe going to push them up to four stars. Their mixed drinks on the menu were incredible. .
4	Service was top-notch, no doubt.  Price-wise, I guess it's Vegas so when you go to a place like Social House or Yellowtail, you're going to pay way more than anywhere else.  Two glasses of wine, three rolls and an edamame = $100I tried all the unique sounding rolls like the unagi & banana roll (not too banana-y, surprisingly good!), strawberry roll with spicy tuna (strawberry on top, great aftertaste), etc.  The portions were as small as a regular sushi roll and not the size of larger special rolls.How do they not have a sushi bar?  Hmm that always seems fishy to me.
3	This restaurant was fantastic: the service was impeccable, the food almost as good, and the setting couldn't have been better.  We were a little late for our reservation outside, so we waited for a bit at the bar before they were able to seat us on the patio overlooking the fountain at the Bellagio: totally worth it.The sushi was solid: fresh and creatively prepared, and we had some really good kobe beef (although the ladyfriend says the beef would have been better without the sauce and she cautions you to stay away from the banana roll).One thing: the wine list was an absolute embarrassment.  We saw a bottle of Yellowtail (the name of the restaurant but also the crappy Australian wine you can buy at our corner Ghetto Mart for $7) for $48!  Using that as our baseline, and knowing next to nothing about wine, we ordered a bottle of $70 wine thinking it would be at least decent, and it wasn't.  The terrible wine almost ruined an otherwise great dinner.
4	My husband and I had a great night at Yellowtail. It is a fun, hip kind of place to be, and it was a treat to sit outside and see the Bellagio fountain show over and over again. (They gave us a great table, and we are not in the NBA).When I say the place was hip, I mean it might be a little too hip. The team of waiters (young, cool, and attractive) were always passing by and were perhaps a bit too present if you know what I mean. Certainly nice, certainly attentive, but also often interrupting us to ask us what we needed. This might just be a function of the place being new (and I admit that it's certainly better than being ignored!) but it was noticeable.Some of the food we had was incredible: the Kobe beef carpaccio and the lobster carpaccio get five stars. The sushi, on the other hand, while good, was nothing to write home about. I felt like it was about the same as the good sushi I can get here at home, and it didn't compare to the sushi I had at Shibuya in MGM Grand.That said, Yellowtail is a solid 4 stars, and I would go here again if I wanted to see and be seen while enjoying the good food.
2	This is how we roll!!???WTF is up with all of the terrible marketing copy in Vegas?
5	We were in Vegas a couple of weeks ago to celebrate our 1 year wedding anniversary.  We had tickets to go see "O" at the Bellagio so we decided to have dinner nearby.  My wife made reservations online for Yellowtail and I was at first skeptical about high-priced sushi but after eating there, we were both pleasantly surprised.  The ambiance, service and food were nothing short of excellent.  We were seated next to the big windows and had a great view of the fountains.  Our waiters were very helpful in suggesting "what's good to eat" there and they did not disappoint.  Among our favorite dishes, we enjoyed the Kobe Beef Tataki, the Tempura Alaskan King Crab and the Unagi & Banana Roll.  While we spent about $200 on our meal we enjoyed every penny of it!  We definitely will visit Yellowtail again the next time we are in Vegas.
3	Finally got to check out the new J-spot in the Bellagio on my last trip.  It's definitely elegantly designed and does its job in attracting the hip/beautiful crowd but I can't say it's any different than the other Nobu ripoffs you see in town.  We got the traditional sashimi dishes, the yellowtail serrano and the hirame usuzukuri, and thought both were ok.  They didn't have as extensive of a sushi selection as I anticapted which really surprised me, considering being in the Bellagio, and to make matters worse, they were out of two of my favorites uni and mirugai.  Not having abalone on the menu is excusable but really disappointed me as well.  I tried the strawberry roll out of curiousity and was surprised that flavor combo of fruit and spicy tuna tasted actually alright together (props to being bold).  The two pluses for the night were the miso soup of all things (which really tasted more like a fish stock soup) and our sommelier Yukiko.  Yukiko was super friendly and after politely asking what type of sake we liked, she paired us with a real nice Daiginjo from the Murai Family.  I highly recommend this bottle. It's good to see that they have the sake segment of their restaurant in the right hands.  I read another reviewers remarks about the wine list being bad but I've always thought wine with sushi was weird anyways...just stick with sake and beer.Making reservations is a must and pricing is in the Nobu neighborhood.  If you can, try to get a seat outside on their patio which allows you to watch the water show.  Although the hostess are definitely attractive, you're not missing much in terms of decor on the inside.
3	You can see the fountains from here so that's cool. The staff is really friendly and my water cup was never empty. The three of us ordered a bunch of stuff and it only came out to $160 (without alcohol). The stand-outs were the tuna pizza, shrimp cigars, and the chocolate cup dessert. As for the rolls, their signature roll is a strawberry roll...its just strawberry on top of a spicy tuna roll...maybe I'm just conservative, but I would eat the roll without the strawberry. I would go back if I wanted a cheap place to eat at Bellagio.
4	Three and a half stars, actually.The extra half star is for the relaxed and friendly environment.  So friendly, in fact, that a random stranger joined us at our table for a cocktail and conversation.  He was built like a brick shit-house, so we let him stay at our table while his friends looked on and shook their heads at his bold behaviour.  I didn't mind at all, as he was perfectly ok with my wandering hands appreciating his biceps.Wait?!  What was this review about?  Sushi.  Oh, yeah.  It was good, not great.
5	The combination of delectable japanese fare and perfect service, gives this spot 5 stars!!The order:Maguro Pizza (amazing)Poppy Crab Roll (interesting and well executed)Yellowtail, Toro, and Salmon sushi (supremely fresh and delicious)Kurosawa Sake (always has been a fave of mine....dry and refreshing with a bitey, but short finish)The Bill was like $400, because of the sake, but it was worth every penny.Seriously, our server, Michael was an absolute dream. So, good that I asked to give him my compliments to the GM.I will definitely be back!!YUMMMMY!I am gonna try to make that big-eye tuna pizza at home!xo-andrea
5	Yellowtail was amazing! The prices were not half bad either for being located in the Bellagio. We walked out for under 100 bucks and that was for Appetizer, Cali Roll, Unagi Sushi, Sweet Shrimp something er other, and Dessert.The staff was incredible. We had atleast 4 different people serving us. From the warm towels, to topping off our drinks, to checking to see if we needed anything else, to offering information on their menu.The menu is about the only negative. And that is mostly because I'm not uber sushi connoisseur. But the staff was friendly and answered all the questions I had.Oh! And the view...we were lucky to get a seat inside, next to the window, looking right outside to the fountains.If you like sushi, you gotta check it out!
5	They made a believer out of me. Prior to going here, seafood was a no-no. My dude jokes that I'm a cheap date (so I make up for it by ordering multiple drinks...) but anything fishy seems gross to me. He LOVES sushi, so on our little trip to vegas we had to stop here (it was in our hotel) and didn't end up going to Nobu. ANYWAYS. I actually ate sushi and I LOVED IT. not just fish... RAW FISH!? The service was SUPERB, but then the service at the Bellagio was STELLAR, outrageously good. We had a great night and our server even gave us an honest breakdown of the strip joints we should try (we asked!). Everyone was cool, everyone was nice, the service was out of this world. I definitely recommend it, especially if you love sushi, but even more if you're on the fence about it.
1	not worth it, just stay away
4	Ok the food here was seriously BOMB.com...would've been 5 stars except for:~Portions were very (I mean VERY) small~It was my 21st birthday..we spent 400$+ on a b-day dinner..and no free little song and dance?!?!?! WTFBut I mean I ordered the sweet ginger cigar shrimp, the lobster roll, and the seaweed salad. All were amazing.Excellent selection of Sake..avoid the 14$ "cocktails" that were 99% juice.I also tried my friends Unagi and Banana roll..sooo good.Kobe Beef is incredible.Pretty much everything I tried was the best I've tasted, and I would DEF reccomend.Beautiful venue and incredible staff.
1	I am a bit suprised by 4-5 star reviews - the place left me hungry and broke. We ordered the famed strawberry roll, that has unagi and strawberry, but it was cut paper thin ( for sushi) and cost close to $25. Coctails were really watered down, but good thing that there was "FIX" across the street.
4	First off, we came here in an elaborate scheme for my cousin to propose to his girlfriend.  We're friends with some staff thus they opened up the patio (which was closed that night) for us during the water show so that he could propose.  It was quite a picturesque scene.  The staff was very friendly and accomodating and got us comped into the bank nightclub afterwards.  Awesome.The food - we were all still pretty full from the paris champagne brunch so we ordered light.  I got their signature banana unagi roll and strawberry roll (it has pop rocks on top!)  The banana roll was impressive as the banana flavor was evident but not overwhelming.  And no whack filler like cream cheese!  My friend ordered salmon sashimi, but it was smaller than my pinkie finger.  I felt bad for him, but otherwise, a great night and venue.
3	Formerly Shintaro at Bellagio, Yellowtail is the Bellagio's attempt to cater to the younger hip crowd. The decor and ambiance are nice. The bar setup is cool. A few more specific comments- on a busy night they do not give beepers or have any way of tracking you when your table is ready. So keep a watchful eye or they could skip you!- drinks at the bar are about $14 for cocktails (the kiwi one is tasty), to $12 for large Asahi. Reasonable for Vegas, but still on the high end.- Sushi rolls are pretty tasty, but be forewarned that they are SMALL. They roll them tight with not much rice. Not too much inside either. So while you may think a roll for $9 isn't that bad, you only get a small portion. So you must end up ordering more than you thought just to not be hungry an hour later.- Bill for my wife and I. We each ordered 2 rolls, plus some sashimi. 2 cocktails and one large beer, with tip came to $150. Luckily we charged it to our MGM room which has a 30% off promotion via Mastercard until January 31, 2009 - otherwise it was a complete rip.Food goodAmbiance goodService acceptablePrice excessiveSimply for better and larger sushi (and cheaper), I suggest the sushi bar inside Caesar's Palace (next to Cleopatra's Barge).
1	Don't waste your time or your money at Yellowtail. Walk over to the back entrance, grab a cab and tell the driver to take you to 5030 Spring Mountain Road to a place called Raku. Trust me, it's worth the $8 cab fare! Raku is the best Japanese Restaurant in Las Vegas. It's a must have!
4	If you like elegant kobe beef, then this is IT!  The restaurant is pretty fabulous too.  Decorated with wood from Costa Rica -- I'm sure there is rain forrest poaching -- and window that overlook the famous Bellagio water fountain parade.  Be sure to ask for a table overlooking the lagoon so you can view the water show when dining.
2	The only thing I really remember about this restaurant is how much I paid and how hungry I was when I left! There are two things that I enjoyed about this restaurant...hence the two stars.1. The tuna pizza with truffle oil YUM! and2. The view of the Bellagio water show from the restaurant.
1	Great view of the Bellagio fountains. Food and service was a total missed.
3	This was a disappointment. Yes the sushi was good, but so small yet so expensive. The place was trendy and cool decor but this place was a rip-off. Would not go back. I give this place a 70/100
4	The pop-rocks roll was awesome.The banana roll was also very very good...
4	maybe I was just really really really hungry but everything we ordered was good. They offer a shared plate type of menu so its perfect for a medium sized to large group. Somehow even though everyone seems to complain about the price when we got the bill and figured out the price per person it wasnt bad at all. Dont expect to stuff yourself like your at Duffs buffet and you will do well. ...... Sushi pizza
2	reservations: pointless. we were seated a half hour after our reservation time and got stuck at a bar table because we couldn't wait any longer for a "real" table to open up, we had somewhere to be after dinner. since we were pretty much on the casino floor, ambiance was not impressive.menu: not much of a selection, so that was a bummer.food: good miso soup and edamame (the ONE plus). the popping roll and strawberry something roll were recommended to us- plain, small, not impressive. my friend got the scallop dinner plate, which i laughed loudly at when it arrived. it was one of those things where you say, "that's it??" the fried ice cream and chocolate desserts were also recommended to us- extra sad! it's hard to believe that i didn't enjoy eating dessert...service: great. our waitress and the management felt really bad for making us wait, so they got everything to us quickly. the manager bought our drinks. however, my hot sake was luke warm sake- yuck.in the end, it's really about the food. when you're starving, are made to wait, and then leave hungry, it's not a good night. we will never go back.
4	This place is a little pricey, portions and small, and it's a little over the top, but the food was excellent. The tuna pizza with truffle oil... omg. I die just thinking about it! The miso soup - who knew that miso soup could be so rich and delicious? It's worth stopping in, just expect that you'll leave with your wallet, and stomach half-empty.
4	friend ordered tasting/set menu for us so didn't know what it's called but overall we had a good meal. there's 8 of us and we pretty much all agreed on which food is good and which is so-so. service is good, view is good(fountain), hip decor and crowd and fresh sashimis. we probably had about 6 small courses so we didn't leave with huge belly, which is good.
2	style without substance... totally overpriced... tried both omakase item (6 courses)...one is $100... and the other $135... nothing out of the twelve dishes surprised me...  you could find much better restaurant on the strip...dont come here... unless you wanna be pretentious... or ppl who dont know what japanese food is about...two stars, one for the decor, one for the view (fountain show)total failure for the food... well... at least at this price... im expecting something that could dazzle me a little bit
2	I'm a bit of a sushi snob, so when I heard that the Bellagio was finally getting into the game, I was definitely intrigued. Didn't get a chance to try it until now, and the results aren't impressive...The wait wasn't too bad; around 10 minutes for 5 on a Saturday night so a few members of our party decided to go play some blackjack while they waited. While they were gone, we were seated and placed our drink orders. A few moments after our entire party returned, yet neither the waitress nor the sake attendant could be bothered to acknowledge their arrival or take their drink orders. Pretty tacky...The service didn't get much better from there. Sake came quickly, but anything from the bar took way too long without any explanation. When we finally ordered our food, our waitress missed two of the items, most of our 2nd round of drinks and then checked in on us very infrequently. I suppose to her credit, she admitted her shortcomings and offered us a free dessert, but it would have been nicer had she just been on her game from the beginning. The food wasn't much better. Sushi was an embarrassment. Ordered a lobster roll; the lobster was alright, but the mango was nowhere to be found and the roll was simply too small to justify the price. The toro was nowhere near as delicious as toro should be and I'm not sure there was actually any wasabi on the nigiri. The hot food does deserve a little praise. The rock shrimp in a korean chili sauce was very tasty, although the sauce made the shrimp on the bottom of the bowl a bit soggy.  The kobe tartar and kobe filet were the highlights of the meal, but again...way too small for nearly $40 a plate.I'm aware it's the Bellagio, so obviously things are going to be a bit higher then an off-strip place, but that's not an excuse to rip people off and you better have your execution down. This wasn't the case at all, so it deserves no more then two stars. If you're on this part of the strip looking for good sushi, I'd recommend Sushi Roku across the street at Caesars.
2	There were pop rocks in my "popping spicy crab roll" it literally popped in my mouth.  POP ROCKS really! Sushi chefs everywhere are embarassed. 'Nuff said.
4	There was no question that a new sushi restaurant in the Bellagio has high expectations along with high prices. We were looking for a great place to take our customers after long meetings during the day and Yellowtail seemed like the beat choice after pieros and Spago on previous nights.We ordered based off recommendations from our waitress. During dinner we realized that a lot of the food seemed familiar. Nobu! We actually ate at Nobu in Manhattan a few weeks before. The crab calamari, sashimi with jalapenos were very memorable from Nobu and were nearly identical to what Yellowtail offered. Not sure if there is any affiliation but we were joking that we found the second nobu branch in las vegas.Besides those dishes the sushi was well prepared but the cuts and taste of some of the fish itself wasn't the greatest.
1	"Home of the three dollar tip."If I'm paying Vegas prices, I want there to be "no limit" to the hours something is served. So, if I want sushi in a restaurant that is located in the lobby of the Bellagio, it should be served all night, not until eleven PM. 11 PM?! Really? Because I'm not a Vegas local I'm most likely just getting out of a show then, or maybe 1/4 of the way into my night. Serve sushi all night...it's a good business model.However, if you do serve sushi, don't put white onion in it. It's totally gross. Maybe the chef was playing a joke on us.Dinner for two: $80 including a horrible plate of mushrooms and "sauce" that tasted like something from my high school cafeteria; that weird "onion roll," and something tempura'd, which can never go wrong. Also, the server insisted on reaching our table by maneuvering through a tiny gap between my left shoulder and the wall. It was like someone was sneaking up on my, only they were bringing me my chopsticks. I'm sure this is a fun place to have a drink (we weren't given a drink menu) but our vodka tonics were watered down. Eh, you get what you get when you go for convenience in Vegas.
5	We always have a great time here. This time around, we had the Big Eye Tuna pizza, which was our favorite. Who knew tuna and truffle oil went so well together??? Also had the Rock Shrimp hand roll, Seaweed Salad, and a few other cut rolls. Everything was delicious, and service on point, as usual. Also, check out their amazing view of the strip from their balcony- watched the water show after dinner. A great way to end the night.
5	Kobe beef sashimi and uni (sea urchin) sashimi - 2 foods I've always wanted to try.  It's all about the taste of fat - fatty buttery beef and fatty buttery caviar.  Truly one of the greatest culinary experiences I've ever had in my life.
4	The entryway of Yellowtail is golden glitter and a dark wooden bar with beautiful white and red accenting tables. It's very dark, as you start to walk around the room you just think this place is breathtaking. My experience at Yellowtail was early this Spring just as the Vegas weather was beginning to change. You have the option to dine out on the patio with a view of the Bellagio Fountains. SIT ON THE PATIO, IT WILL MAKE THIS PLACE MAGICAL. I swear you could fall in love on that patio! I couldn't even imagine this, there are many great views in Las Vegas but how many can you see people on the strip, hear the water spraying from the fountains, and be surround by beautiful lights in the center of everything.I'm not even a huge Sushi fan, however my boyfriend is and we just we're floored on how fresh and delicious everything was.  Started out with,The Tofu Miso Soup, Lobster Carpaccio, and Kobe Beef Tataki. Oh my does the Tataki own! Loved it, the amazing blend of garlic and sea salt. Next came out the Cucumber salad. Everything was so yummy, I must say. For our entrees we got the Jidori Chicken with veggies, and I got the Kobe Flat Iron with veggies. The chicken was really good, juicy and well flavored but def not a dish you would eat with chopsticks in my opinion. I'm a Flat Iron-oholic and this was no disappointment! The only thing I think Yellowtail is lacking on is a solid selection of dessert. I have a serious sweet tooth. :) All in all, Glitz and Glamour. I'm enamored.
5	Situated inside the Bellagio, Yellowtail is a Japanese Sushi joint with flair, flair, flair.  It looks more like a small lounge than anything else, but they do serve food - and expensive food, at that.I don't recall how much the sushi costs, as I don't eat seafood, but the Jidori Chicken that I had was around $25.  When the waitress first brought it out, all I could splutter was, "THAT'S IT?!"  I mean, it LOOKED tiny.  But I was so hungry, I decided to just shut up and eat - and good thing I did!Turns out, it was really friggin moist, well seasoned, and actually a pretty hefty portion!  No complaints from me!However, the dish wasn't anything sensational.  The reason Yellowtail gets 5 stars is because..I was star-struck.Not by any celebrity sightings... but by waitress sightings.HOLY COW.  EVER SINGLE WAITRESS THERE WAS HOT HOT HOT!  I'm not just talking "pretty,"  I'm talking "HOT"!!!!  With MANY MANY exclamation points.  Hotness must be a requirement to work here!That's not to say that every waitress was a cookie-cutter Barbie.  Nope!  Brunettes, blonds, redheads, White, Black, Hispanic, Asian, tall, short, voluptuous, model-skinny, girly, tough, bitchy, friendly... The variety was endless - but in an oh-so-gorgeous kind of way.  Every single one of them.I'm not a lesbian, but even I got a little giggly around these girls.For sheer eye-candy alone... I have to give Yellowtail five stars!!!
1	I am shocked that this place has a 4 star average. Absolutely floored. In Vegas for the weekend, the wife and I want sushi. We decide to give Yellowtail a try. The hostess tells us she'll have a table for us in 20 minutes. Great, we go to the bar.  35 minutes later I go back to check in and a different hostess tells me it will probably be another 15 minutes. Meanwhile the place is at least 1/3 empty. They're probably trying to create that fake buzz that the restaurant is more popular than it actually is. Annoying, but I guess that's part of Vegas. At one point the bartender even asked us "You guys are STILL waiting for a table?" When we said yes, he actually went up to the hostess stand on our behalf. Not sure that it did much, but we were appreciative all the same.After waiting for about 45 minutes in a 1/3 empty restaurant we finally get seated. The decor of this place is nice, I'll give it that. One of the few redeeming qualities of Yellowtail.  We're seated by the window facing the fountain show outside The Bellagio. Nice setting. Unfortunately things went down from there.We ask to start with some edamame and the King Crab Dynamite starter. Then we order a couple different rolls and a few types of nigiri sushi. The starter arrives (the edamame never actually showed up) and within 2 minutes all the rolls and sushi were on the table. Shouldn't you have at least 5-10 minutes minimum to eat your starter before the rest of your meal is being hustled to the table? The restaurant at this point is probably 1/2 empty.  It wasn't like they had to turn over the table quickly for other waiting guests.It's not even worth rehashing exactly what type of rolls and sushi we ordered because it was all pretty poor, as was the crab starter. The quality of the fish here is equal to what you get in those pre-packaged Safeway sushi trays. No lie, it's on that same level. Certainly not what I expected given the decor of the restaurant and the exorbitant prices. We were ready to drop some $$$ for a good meal. We certainly dropped the $$$, but Yellowtail didn't deliver on the good meal.2 Large Sapporo's, 2 glasses of champagne ($30 total), King Crab Starter, 2 rolls, 6 total pieces of Nigiri cost $170!! $170 and I left hungry.My advice for anyone thinking of going to Yellowtail... instead go to Safeway, buy a few of those pre-packaged sushi trays, a 6 pack of Sapporo and a bottle of champagne and take it back to your room. Same quality food and to complete the effect, you can even make yourself wait 45 minutes to eat it. And the best part is that you'll have an extra $120 in your pocket to spend in Vegas.
2	Don't really have time to write a full review of the restaurant, but I'm a little suspicious at all the glowing, 5-star ratings for this restaurant by people who only have one review on Yelp.  Seems a little fishy (no pun intended).  What's Japanese for shill?And yes, I have eaten there, it's really pricey for what you get.  Go to Raku instead.
3	the best place to watch the bellagio fountain show?  at one of bellagios fountainside restaurants.  we made a reservation at yellowtail the day of dining and had no problem.  they gave us a table outside and while eating we saw three fountain shows as the sunset.  definitely the best views of the strip ever.yellowtail serves sushi for a very high price.  and as the food came we joked that we had to go to mcdonalds afterwards.  we ordered the big eyed tuna pizza which the server said was the most popular.  it had truffle oil and was pretty good.  bascially tuna on crackers.  i had seaweed salad - nothing spectacular here except the price.  and also a clear soup - again nothing spectacular.  thei lobster carpaccio is not raw.  the lobster has been poached.they have this really high energy sommelier/sake specialist (?)  for dessert mochi and tempura ice cream.  a bigger ball of ice cream would given us more ice cream after frying.  we got a lot of melted vanilla ice cream on our plate.  i never order mochi because its not like they make it.  they just buy it and put it on a plate and charge us much more.and for the record we did have to eat after this.
4	Make sure you request a table outside on the balcony. It's here that you get a fist class view of the Bellagio fountains. Yellowtail has an amazing selection of Sakes, and a great twist on Japanese cuisine. My favorite dish of the night had to be the Big Eye Tuna Pizza with micro shiso and truffle oil. Our table ordered two plates of it at the end of the night it was so good!! The sushi was good as well, but not incredibly outstanding. Overall I would recommend Yellowtail and DEFINITELY recommend a table outside.
4	Ok, I agree with the other reviews on this level- price- yes its $$$$ and yes my party was still a little hungry after.....freshness- A+- very delicious, the big eyed tuna pizza- amazing-AMAZING must have- we had 2 (there were only 3 of us).....service- great- the entire staff was great and accommodating, nice looking and friendly.....cocktails were strong, wine list was nice.......Food- Yellowtail Serrano- great, spicy scallop hand roll, tiny, but great, the blackened cod- a little tough-would pass, strawberry roil and angry salmon, very good- little but really good....edamame- 2 kinds are served- interesting sweet and spicy- overall i will come back for sure.
5	This sushi restaurant/lounge located inside the Bellagio is exactly what people have come to expect from not only Vegas but the Bellagio as well. The decor is modern with an Asian flair. The food was amazing the employees were not rough on the eyes either. I defiantly fell in love with this place!My group sat in the lounge part on a Saturday night. We enjoyed an awesome bottle of sake and really amazing sushi.The Big Eyed Tuna Pizza is an absolute must order! My group ordered two! :)We also tried the Popping Crab Roll!I loved the new twist this restaurant puts on the same old sushi dishes.The service was a little slow at times but not awful. If you love sushi and are in the area, this is a must stop! I know I will be back next Vegas trip!
5	We just happened upon this place, just about the only luck I had in Vegas.  The soft shell crab roll was my favorite ever and the sashimi was so fresh it just about melted in your mouth.  I am a sushi snob and I have to say that this place did not disappoint!  My boyfriend is not a sushi person and there were definitely other tasty options on the menu so it's fair for all.  He had the Kobe beef and it was delicious.  The service was great also, they were knowledgeable and attentive.If you love sushi, don't miss this place!!
2	I'm not going to complain because of the price ($400 for three people), but really, the quality, creativity and overall presentation is lacking. Vegas to me, should have restaurants of superior quality, where they may be overpriced, but you don't feel "blah" after leaving.....Well, the one saving grace for me was the Tuna Pizza....but really, you give me anything with truffle and I'm a fan. The rolls were basic, the miso cod was so small....I mean, I knew we weren't going to get a big piece of fish, but what we got was VERY small!Our waiter was friendly enough, although he brought us the bill without removing the item we sent back.....was it on purpose?...Probly not, but when someone is spending $400, don't try and throw in extra stuff on the bill....The hostess was a biatch! Yes, we showed up late for our reservation, but at 9pm telling someone that there would be no more tables for the rest of the night on the patio.....really? She just gave us attitude the entire time......Vegas is a customer service mecca, or so it should be.....Yellowtail, I may be back for that pizza and cocktails...but that is it....Social has far better sushi!
3	It was an impressive atmosphere-views of the fountain show every half hour and countless weddings to watch in the courtyard from the windows...i liked it here. DInners consisted of edamame (apps)kobe beef, lemon spinach salmon and grilled chix. the portions were elegantly distributed but i wondered if it ewould fill me. Vegetabvles on the side means 1 green bean, 1 miniature dwarf carrot and a grape white onion...uummm....it was all delicious but it left me hungry. this is vegas living??
4	I've had the pleasure and opportunity to dine at Yellowtail four times now, and I can confidently say it is probably in my top three favorite high-end Japanese restaurants in the country.First and foremost: the big eye tuna pizza with white truffle oil.  Just get it.  That's all I'm going to say.Secondly, ask for the patio.  It lays directly over the Bellagio fountains and provides an amazing special occasion experience, especially for newcomers to impress.  Otherwise, the inside area has a more bustling, active ambiance.In addition to the pizza and the patio, I'd also recommend ordering the miso glazed cod which is not on the menu for some reason.  Although it is not as good as the original (Nobu), it's definitely up there, albeit a too-small portion.My only gripe would be the less-than-sweet (I'm being nice here) hostesses, which is why I'm only giving four stars.  Yea, less attitude would be appreciated.  The servers are awesome, however.  I'll be back.
3	The sushi at yellowtail was fabulous when I went there, but I just couldn't get down with the ambiance.  I know its supposed to be...whatever...fancy/vegas whatever.  But it was too...something.  Pretentious maybe?  It irritated me.  (not giving much information here!)But the food was great.  We ordered this tuna pizza thing and a crab dish to share as appetizers, which were fantastic.  Especially the tuna pizza.  For my entree i had some sort of "angry salmon" roll -- really good.I just hated the ambiance for some reason -- just over the top.  Also, we had probably the worst table in the house, and twice a waiter brought us food that didn't belong to us.
4	Visited Yellowtail twice during a 5 day stay in Vegas.  We usually stay at the Bellagio but because my husband does not eat sushi or fish of any kind, this isn't a restaurant I would pick for the two of us. However, we were meeting a friend who is a local and said we had to go.  We did and my husband was an instant fan.  A lot of their items are a shared plate (warm and cold) as well as the rolls, etc.  My friend and I shared the tuna pizza which is excellent!  It consists of a toasted tortilla (whole wheat I think) with thinly sliced red onion, some sort of white sauce and then the tuna on top.  Delish!  We also had the yellow tail which was good (a nice light fish).  My favorite was the king crab tempura.  To top things off we had a spicy tuna roll.  We would have loved to try more but there is only so much you can eat.  My husband had the aged Kobe beef flat iron steak which was sliced and served with a teriyaki sauce on top of some root vegetables.  He ordered this the 2nd time we were there as well but ordered a bowl of rice since he felt he needed a bit more to eat since he passed on sharing our plates.The hostess was great, she remembered us right away.  There was one hostess (not at the desk) that sat us and she was not friendly at all but that did not detract from our night.  The waitstaff was so friendly and when we asked for suggestions, they were spot-on.I loved the whole ambience of this type of restaurant. First off, it overlooks the fountains at the bellagio.  The restaurant is small so make your reservations.  The music that played, the design, all great.
4	Food wise I would give this place 5 stars, but the manager on duty knocks it down for us. We were a large group of 20 meeting up for a joint bachelor/ette dinner after a weekend of solo partying. The girls were staying in the bellagio but the guys were not so of course there were a few people who were late (within 10 minutes) arrivals. The manager was overly concerned with these people not being present even though we had a prix fixe menu already outlaid, and orders at the ready. Eventually he let us sit but as people filed in he scowled as us disapprovingly the entire time.This was very strange since it was early, they had been nothing by nice in making the arragements over the phone and via email, and the place was totally not full. Also, we were all dressed up trying to show each other that we hadn't partied as hard as we could the night prior! Dressed to the nines and very mellow as we dined and tried to eliminate the pain we felt from the night before, we were far from rowdy but this manager acted like we were wild kids who needed to be rushed along.The wait staff was actually professional and friendly and everyone was well taken care of. We had three awesome options for entrees and the accompaniments were equally delicious. My shortribs were very tasty tho a little on the fatty side (tricky when you're eating with chopsticks). A bunch of people ordered extra food like sushi (strawberry roll!) and sashimi and it was fresh and flavorful. They had a nice selection of tequilas and girly drinks like the cucumber one I was enjoying. Our shared dessert plate was a hit!I would come back if that manager were off duty for sure!
4	Delicious, Pricey and Fancy.  All that is Vegas.We were one of the first to arrive since they open for dinner only, and we got great service because of it!  We ordered the Kobe beef tacos which were just awesome.  The meat was so savory and a little sweet - so good - and the little chips turned taco shells just came out of the fryer and still warm.   We also order Cali Rolls, which were also good.  And a cucumber salad - a nice addition.The hubby ordered 10 pcs of sushi - Unagi, Salmon, Squid (super chewy) and Tuna.  He was all about it, I took a pass.  I had my fill of apps and was satisfied.I love Sapporo so I stuck with that, but Joe had the Cucumber Essence - which is made up of cucumber infused vodka and other light yummy mix ins that made for one deliciously refreshing drink.  It's expensive.  But we were ready for that - we were at the Bellagio, after all.  I would go back just for the tacos!This one faces the fountains with some outdoor seating.
2	Don't try Yellowtail unless you're a high roller with cash to waste. The night started off great, we were seated very quickly considering the size of our party. My biggest complaint was the lack of attentiveness by servers shown towards our group. The restaurant was about 50% percent capacity but the service was very horrible. Our dishes took forever. It's sushi? how long can it really take? The food was not bad, but it was overshadowed by the horrible service. You would think 25 dollar sushi would come w/ immaculate service. Expensive doesn't equate to great service. My friend came to the rescue, and made the situation a little better. She spoke w/ management regarding our experience, and the manager admitted, they were hosting high rollers at another table and couldn't properly serve his other guest. He discounted the bill and bought us a round of drinks, but it still didn't make up for the experience. Two stars for the good food and the management for attempting to redeem themselves. Dinner finally ended at 12, and luckily my friend had a table at Tao, so we didn't have to wait.
4	I would give the food 3 stars but the atmosphere 5 stars.  We stopped in for cocktails and sushi.  The cocktails were delicious!  Although all of our sushi rolls kind of tasted the same and there wasn't much selection to choose from, the sushi was still pretty decent.  I much prefer Okada at the Wynn.The atmosphere was great- lots of low lighting and dark woods with a fabulous view of the Bellagio fountain show.  I would come back again but probably just for cocktails and to enjoy the atmosphere.
3	The service here was pretty terrible - we had 5 different waiters in a span of 30 minutes. Why? We ordered only one dish for a pre-show snack, and the unagi roll (seaweed, rice, and unagi - THREE ingredients) took 20+ minutes to come out on a Sunday night when it didn't look very busy. I did order a Sunrise cocktail though, and that is the only reason I'm rating this a 3 and not a 2. Grey Goose L'Orange vodka, blood orange puree, yuzu, and shiso leaf. Very very good. I was very impressed and wished it came in a 20oz margarita cup/pitcher/thing worthy of Vegas tackiness.
3	Like others who have reviewed this restaurant, the service is pretty off. One sushi roll, when the restaurant was barely half full, took forever to come out. I know creating sushi takes time, but it was as if the chefs forgot to make enough rice and had to cook it first.The cocktails are pretty good so probably the best option is to get some drinks and sit on the patio and watch the fountains. Avoid the food unless you have $ to blow and are too lazy to go to Sushi Samba.
2	When dining at the Bellagio, I'm aiming for a 4 or 5 star experience.  This was way below expectations! The service was extremely spotty.  We had a large party, and I do understand if certain mistakes are made during busy hours.  However, they weren't super crowded.  Took a while for everything to come out.  What I really disliked the most was the waiter dropping off everything at certain spots of the table.  If you're a fancy sushi restaurant, wouldn't you at least know or remember who ordered which food and where it went? Also, there was clearly timing issues, and dishes came out one or two at a time.  For a large party, some people had to watch others eat.  It just amazed me how they dropped off the food, and since we were a large party, it took a while to determine who had ordered it.... And the waiter was pretty clueless also! The food itself was pricy, yet it was decent. The edamame was good, as it was well seasoned.  Besides that, definitely not worth it.  I would only go here again if I was forced to... If not, definitely visit other sushi places on the strip!!
1	The service was terrible. I had to leave our table to retrieve menus at the hostess station. It took about 15 minutes for the waitress to take our order. The manager seemed really annoyed by the four of us. We got mixed messages from the hostess, manager, and waitress about the status of the restaurant--they were open for drinks only, last call on food, last call on drinks. No one knew what was going on; the staff were not communicating well, and the food and drinks are overpriced.
4	We had the privilege of sitting outside in front of the Bellagio fountains which was an amazing experience. Service was excellent and so was the food!I can't say enough about the Big Eye Tuna Pizza.  Covered in truffle oil and sooooo good. I want to go back just to eat this.Their sweet chili edamame and the crab and shrimp rolls wrapped in soy paper were also really really good.The Jidori Chicken and Rock Shrimp were so-so. Nothing amazing.We thought that the eggplant skewers were beef, really tasty and hearty.All in all a fun meal, great atmosphere. I'm definitely going back here for the tuna pizza!
2	Slightly soapy tea, and mediocre agadashi tofu made for an ill-received midnight snack amongst friends.  Nevertheless, it didn't turn the stomach, so it was acceptable.  The attire of the waitstaff was vintage pseudo-asian, but again... not-unexpected.With the amount of fine dining available to any person frequenting Las Vegas, however, I fear I do not ever intend to return.
3	Bad service turned good...Looking for a place with delicious sushi that we were craving we were referred to Yellowtail by a guest at the Bellagio.  We get there and it was packed, so we decided to sit at the bar, where there were some seats. Service in the beginning was spectacular, really nice bartenders, suggesting what is good on the menu.  I wanted everything on the menu but it was a bit pricey so had to be selective. Their edamame app is unique as it comes with two bowls of edamame one tradition with the salt, and one with a sweet chili sauce. Both were fantastic and just the right thing to have before the sushi.  Next up, Miso soup - delicious!! I had ordered sushi, along with my two other friends, and figured it would be up after the apps.  It was a long wait for the first round of sushi for my friends, and even longer for me :( They had forgotten about my order and somehow the sushi chefs never got it! The bartender (our server) was trying to figure out what happened.  He gave us a round of drinks on the house to apologize.  Personally, I was not even that mad even with him apologizing so many times, and him saying this was not acceptable to their restaurant.  I was just happy to be in Vegas an having a good time.  Yeah, it did suck that my wait was really long. Never had to wait that long before in my life.  Hopefully in the future that does not happen with anyone else.  Once I finally got my sushi roll, Shrimp Tempura type I think it was, it was delicious and so happy it was good for me waiting so long. I would want to try this restaurant out again but at a table next time and not the bar :)
4	The tuna pizza with the truffle oil was really good! I also liked the eggplant skewers and the roll with the POPROCKs! We sat near the patio and had a view of the watershow so that was kinda cool. Generally a good experience - the service was kinda weird (brought out our sake cups then 10 mins later brought out the sake) but we were just enjoying ourselves and having a good time in Vegas so it didn't matter to us. PLUS the head chef came out to chat with us for a bit and took pics with us. Would go back - def better than that sushi place that used to be at Treasure Island.
1	One star for the nice bartender who took care of me tonight.  Other yelpers had a problem with service, but I didn't.  I had a problem with the food.  When sushi is this expensive, you expect it to be really good.  I ordered Ikura, Japanese scallop and yellowtail sushi.   Each piece was very smail, which to be fair is more traditional, but when you consider that each order was $9.00-$11.00 or $12 you kind of want a teeny bit more substance.  If not substance, then at least some kind of special preparation.  Small portiions are even forgivable if the fish is to die for.  The yellowtail had virtually no flavor - weird, right?.  Even bad yellowtail tastes like, well bad yellowtail.  This was just void of anything.  The scallops were wet and mushy and the Ikura was just okay - kind of fishy - even for salmon eggs (which I love and order all the time)..  I also ordered the eggplant on skewers.  This was so-so..  They cut the eggplant into small cubes, skewered them, supposedly grilled them, then slopped it with the sweet sauce that you usually see on eel sushi...a.totally forgetable dish.  But the worst offender of the evening was one of Yellowtail's 'signature' cut rolls: spicy crab, asparagus, green bean  and (are you ready?) pop rocks.  This is HAD to try just for the goof.  But before diving in, I asked the nice barternder/server if this roll had mayo in it because I'm not a fan.  She said that they could make it without,.  It arrives and looks like your basic california roll.  When I tasted it, it wasn't spicy and the pop rocks just don't work.  In fact, it was ridiculous...like the chef was high out of his mind one night and said hey! let's stick some candy in a sushi roll and see how many suckers out there will pay $16.00 for it!!    Dinner with one non-alcoholic beer cost $79,00.  Granted, I'm at Bellagio so this should be expected - and I'm happy to pay for something that is worth the money.  But this was a waste of money, calories and time.  Don't go here.   This hotel has so many great places to eat.  Don't squander one of your meals here.
2	So I went to Vegas this past weekend for my friend's birthday and we decided on Yellowtail for dinner. We wanted an elegant setting and a good range of choices. I was excited for dinner even before we got to Vegas! I knew it would be fairly expensive and portion size wouldn't be all that filling. But damn! My friend ordered the Scottish Salmon and asked the waiter approximately how large the fillets would be and he said "two pieces of salmon equal to about 7oz." and then he gave us a visual of the two fillets and motioned them being placed on the plate "boom, boom" he said for each piece of salmon. When her dish came out, we were looking at it in dismay. This did not look like a "BOOM BOOM" but more like a "bing bing!" Boy, was that microscopic. I tasted some. The texture of the salmon wasn't bad, not too dry. However, my taste buds don't fancy sour marinade so I didn't really enjoy it. But hey, "one man's trash is another man's treasure."My other friend ordered the Braised Kobe Beef Short Ribs. The texture and taste was quite succulent. The beef was tender and juicy. The only thing wrong was that it was the size of one of the salmon fillets. Another friend ordered the Big Eye Tuna Pizza and the Popping Spicy Crab Roll. The pizza was alright. Thinly sliced tuna on top of a thin cracker-like crust. That, too, had a sour taste. The Popping Spicy Crab Roll was ... fun. I wanted to try some so my friend ordered it. What was fun about it was that it consisted of Pop Rocks! When they first brought it out, you could hear the Pop Rocks crackling in the roll. I have a major sweet tooth, so I enjoyed the contrast of the pop rocks and the crab. I ordered the Angry Salmon Roll. It wasn't horrible, except that the roll had a diameter of maybe a quarter. Mediocre to me. It filled me up quite nicely and kept my bill under $20. Overall I thought Yellowtail was average for the classy prices they were charging for each dish. P.S. Did I mention that the portion sizes are very small?
2	I was a little disappointed in this restaurant.  The portions were unbelievably small (we ordered 4 sushi rolls for 2 people and were definitely still hungry - I mean not even a tad bit full).  I figured that could somewhat be the case, but I seriously think these were the "skinniest" rolls (not sure how to describe it!) I've ever seen.  Not very thick at all.  Like mini rolls.  They tasted ok.But, I will say - our table was near the patio, so we were able to walk out and take photos with the water show, so that a definitely a plus.  The restaurant is also nicely decorated and I like the huge gold fish tail on the wall outside of it.
1	The one star is for the incredibly hot hostesses. Other than that, Yellowtail is just another trendy flop.  Service was not consistent. For some reason, the servers would not take empty plates away. They just kept squeezing new dishes on to the table.  The food was very very disappointing. I wasn't  expecting much, but what we got was disappointing.  Don't really want to get into the details and bash every dish but I do suggest that this place is a nice lounge/bar, but don't waste your time with the food.
5	fish is extremely fresh. they dont have much goin on on the menu, but this place probably has top notch chefs that know what they are doing. its extremely pricey. but it is very good. if you can get comps at the casino. ask for this place & eat some great food!they do have the preset menu too. i will probably try it next time. i think its 58 per person... 3 course. they have kobe and other premium items on the preset as well not bad.
4	Proprietor/Chef: The Light Group / Akira Backyellowtail.. like so many restaurants in vegas has got "ostentatious" written all over it. so befits the name "restaurant & lounge".  the space is exquisite.. even if i weren't dining in, i could sit here all night, sipping on martinis with girlfriends .. or handsome prospects that probably will never meet the mark.our friend was a friend of the friend's chef.  so in passing, he naturally consumed the table with interesting talks of his restaurant, peers, industry and of course VEGAS. he insisted we try omakase ..so we dived right into it.  we tried a varietal of food.. all consumed in petite amounts. the most memorable dishes for me include the truffle tuna pizza, baked crab roll, halibut and the sous vide chicken.  Surprisingly, yes, the chicken.  It was the last entree, and one bite was so tender & moist, we couldn't resist our stuffed silly selves.  my stomach wanted to explode like a ticking time bomb, and wait... there's more.  a ginormous dessert platter, i nearly lost my ability to breathe.  luckily i savored more than i sweet, so after a few bites, i was able to.. slowly....put...down...the....spoon....... easy there.decadence knows no boundaries!
4	Mmm... I can't stop thinking about the delicious food at Yellowtail.  I can't wait to return to Vegas just to eat at Yellowtail again!During my last trip to Vegas, my friends and I checked out Yellowtail and tried the following menu items:-Big eye tuna pizza: WOW... this was so good.  I loved the contrast between the soft tuna and crunchy pizza crust.-Kumamoto oysters: super fresh and perfectly scrumptious. -Kobe beef tataki: melted in my mouth. -Yellowtail tataki-King crab tempura -Popping spicy crab roll: yummy and the popping candy was definitely a nice surprise!-Unagi rollYellowtail's menu is definitely one of the most creative and innovative ones I've seen.  I love how everything on the menu was so unique... I wish I could've tried it all.  Plus, the ambiance is fun and trendy and the service was great.  I can't wait to go back!
1	You'll get screwed on prices to food ratio. We ordered pot stickers that were the smallest I've ever had, for 10 dollars. A toro roll that couldn't have been larger diameter of my thumb, and 5/6 rice for 16 dollars, and a shrimp tempura roll for 12 that was almost as small as the toro roll. I left appalled and hungry. STAY AWAY.
1	Really, Yellowtail? You're really going to serve edamame as a "first course" on your prix fixe menu?! Other sushi places will serve it to you free of charge like peanuts at a bar or bread at a restaurant. But oh no. Not you. Boo. And don't even let me get started on your way overpriced cocktails!
4	Yellowtail is excellent. . A perfect cucumber salad - chilled , sliced paper thin with a hint of sesame and citrus.  Refreshing.   The yellowtail serrano  is the highlight of the menu.  Paper thin slices of spicey serrano peppers on delicate prices of fresh yellowtail on a mild semi sweet ponzo.  Amazing.  Hip but relaxing atmosphere - house music but never noisy.
1	CAUTION: Be very careful about choosing to come here even if  you do have a reservation. The front of the house is staffed by a 20-something, ADD-challenged, Barbie-wanna be who has no clue on how to organize, let alone honor, those people conscientious enough to call ahead for a table. We (and two other couples who were not with our group) had reservations for 8pm on a Wednesday night. All of us showed up either 5 minutes early or on time, and were asked to wait for a few minutes. No problem, we understand this is usually the case while tables are cleared out. By 8:20pm, we were all still standing around. However, during the 25 minute wait for our tables, two Japanese business groups (containing 4-6 people each) showed up without reservations and were rushed through to open seats. When we asked Barbie about this, she just prattled, "Oh, it'll just be a few more minutes." We left shortly afterward. I'm not sure what happened to the other 4 schmucks patiently waiting for a table. But as far as I'm concerned, front of house represents the restaurant and if you cannot manage your customers, how do I know whether you can manage the food?Two thumbs down for this restuarant.
4	Hmmmm- my Barbie hostess (Mithkah) was the shit! She not only sat us at an available bar table immediately, but also was our server. We waited for nothing- everything was timed perfectly, she was knowledgeable, friendly, funny AND a stunner. I couldn't have been happier with our service. So much so, we stopped in again while on the same trip. This time our server was Nick who equally rocked, though not as fun to look at (sorry Nick...Mongo straight!). WHEN YOU GO- Angry Salmon and Crab Handrolls. Wash that down with ample portions of Pacific Ocean Saki and you'll be doin' the tuna!
5	This was one of the craziest meals I've had in my entire life.  One of their specialty rolls has POP ROCKS in it (it's delicious) and the tuna pizza is life-changing.Imagine all that, plus the Bellagio fountain in the background...
1	Go anywhere else in the Bellagio if you want good service. We tried eating at the bar, waited over 40 minutes for 6 pieces of sushi to show up. The waitress forgot to bring our second round of drinks, we ended up cancelling the rest of our order... the food quality is overrated. The man sitting beside me left because he didn't want to suffer the same fate. Furthermore, the food service manager had nothing to say after we advised him of what had transpired. I find this unacceptable.We travel extensively and dine frequently. I highly recommend hitting up Olives or Michael Mina if you want real food AND good service.
2	After reading a few reviews before writing this,it sounds like service and food at Yellowtail is hit or miss. The night my husband and I were there it was a MISS. After waiting too long for a table we were given a specialty drink menu by our server,after looking at it for 5 minutes I ordered and was told they were out of that cocktail ??? Information I could have used! Anyway, I have eaten sushi at stripmalls that had better service and presentation not to mention, taste. Would we return? no.
4	We decided to eat at Yellowtail after a long stroll up and down the strip..me and my girls were craving sushi so we stopped in (and the line for The Buffet @ Bellagio was loonnnnggg). The restaurant wasnt too crowded and our waitress was super cute. First, we ordered the Spicy Miso Soup....if you like spicy food-order it and thank me later. That soup brought tears to my eyes but did it stop me...Hell no! There was also bits of shrimp and seaweed and the soup but honestly I expected more soup for $8.00.Next, we ordered spicy tuna sushi and it was pretty good-the tuna, rice and seaweed was pretty fresh. No complaints there but nothing spectacular either. Last but not least, I ordered the Edamame and it comes 2 ways...Salted and with a Sweet coating...pretty appetizing...very different. Finally, we washed it all down with our $4.50 glass of Coca Cola....(hey its Vegas...whats a $4.50 soda). We had a pretty good experience here at Yellowtail....I actually had better sushi at a strip mall in VA but, hey...its Vegas :)
3	I went here over the weekend. Definitely the SMALLEST pieces of sushi I've ever had. It was delicious and the roll that has the pop rocks in it is a must. It was delicious and fun.  The rock shrimp appetizer was great, although tiny. The staff was snooty and the girls were bimbos for sure. The food is almost worth it. Glad to say I tried it but probably wouldn't go back. Not the best bang for buck. $130 later, still hungry.
5	Bumped up to a 5th star on account of a handwritten "Thank You" from our server Mithkah. Whether she knows it or not,  because of her follow up Yellowtail has now moved to the top of my sushi rotation is Vegas.Owners listen up- those old time service gestures are THE shit! Being nice, friendly and enjoying your job are the keys to success in the service industry. I was going to wait till July to back to Vegas, but now am going next week... for more Yellowtail of course!
3	Service is good... but the food is just average... nothing that really stands out as really good... but nothing that tastes bad either...
5	My girlfriend and I visited Yellowtail this past weekend. This was my second visit and her first. We both LOVE this place! Chef Akira and his team have created an incredible menu that is pretty unique and you would be hard pressed to find anything else like it. The portions may be a little small, but they are packed with flavor and make you want more!  The Thai snapper was amazing along with some Hawaiian fish we had. Well worth the price. Can't wait to go back again!I love the view of the fountains as well. Great ambience!
4	The food was good, the waiters were very nice.When I walked up to the front as I was the last and late one of the party for reservations, the girl up front was very welcoming.The food kept coming and drinks kept coming.  All in all I had a Great time with my girls.The atmosphere was nice, and we could see the dancing water from our booth.The only thing I noticed though were some customers that weren't in dress code attire... just made me wonder, aren't they not suppose to look like they just came from the pool?  lolI'll be back again.
1	Went there with 6 more friends. We frequent Nobu and mostly Shibuya (love them both) and we wanted to give this one a try. So yes we are already used to high prices but in exchange for great food, service and atmosphere. The girls were really pretty and the entrance cool but once you get to the main dining room the space looks like a nice coffee shop, one large space, no personality or privacy of any kind. Food was of good quality even though some parts of the menu were really out of balance, with most cold plates being a fish/seafood item plus some kind of flavored ponzu sauce. I am used to seeing a hamachi and a tuna or salmon dish prepared this way but at Yellowtail they had like 6 items like this, from lobster to scallop, etc. What if you have a guest that does not like that kind of combination? In any case service was not that great, some lady whose English was not that great but was nice. Left hungry after spending $700 even though we only had a couple of beers (not a nice selection of them either by the way). This place has no substance (the tuna pizza was great but a copy of Morimoto's recipe) and overpriced even compared to other nicer Strip Japanese restaurants due to its lackluster atmosphere, so-so food and service. We will definitely not be back, ever.
1	My visit in June 2010 was my second since first trying this restaurant in 2009. And, I have to say that both experiences were terrible. In both visits, a group of 3 to 5 of us had reservations. However, we had to wait an hour to be seated. During my most recent visit, the manager even had the nerve to say, "We're waiting for you. Are you ready?", after we sat at the bar for an hour (I checked in with the hostess several times). I was close to punching him where he stood.The food was poor quality for the price. We ordered a couple of rolls and were told that they take more time than other menu items. Ummmm. . . . that doesn't make sense. You don't have to cook anything for the rolls we ordered. However, we theorized that they had to catch the fish first . . . . in Japan.It's sad that this place is in the Bellagio, a high-quality resort. Of course, I will never ever visit this restaurant again in my entire life.The End.
5	absolutely the best, creative and delicious sushi ever!!i wish it wasn't so pricey...but what else can i expect in vegas.  i love this place so much, we drove 8 hours from california just to eat the big eye tuna pizza and the spicy popping crab.  all the food is yummy here &the drinks are good too....try the infusion.=yummmmm!
2	I honestly can't think of a sushi experience that wasn't better than Yellowtail.  We walked in without reservations and had almost no wait.  The atmosphere is like a nightclub, the music was loud and terrible, and it was extremely dark.Putting all of that aside, the food was mediocre at best.  The sauce that the tofu came with tasted exactly like Oriental Ramen broth.  The rolls were extremely small and had minimal flavor, the edemame was adequate although half of it was overcooked.I think their slogan on the business card said it all:"Yellowtail - Barely Adequate"
4	I had the best time at Yellowtail.  I came here with my cousin during July 4th weekend.  It had a good vibe and great energy.  We sat at the bar and although I was not too hungry, here's how my food went down: Seaweed Salad:  It was a heafty size, tasty and freshGreen Tea Ice Cream:  How can you go wrong with GT ice cream.  Well, ice cream in general.  This place had a great vibe and was pretty busy. I highly recommend reservations, but I also recommend sitting at the bar... for people watching and hanging out.
2	Decent sushi, OK food overall. But it is Expensive. Vast overuse of a sweet miso sauce. For the price, tho, skip it. There is way better food at the Bellagio.
5	I didn't eat any sushi but I stopped by for a drink with friends. Firstly, the bartender had a pleasant demeanor and actually knew how to make vodka gimlet martinis. This happens to be my "signature" drink and whenever I visit a new bar/lounge, I order one.  Prior to Thursday, the only place I could find one I liked was at the Sidebar down town.The decor was cool and for it's location (in the middle of the casino) it wasn't too loud.
5	Everyone should experience YELLOW TAIL at least once in their life!!  This is not a joke about "being" with an Asian woman.  I'm Asian, so watch it!  Seriously, remember the name AND GO!  I've been 3 times and the next time I go to Vegas I will be there again!
4	My wife and our friends went here for my wife's birthday.  It was a pretty cool experience.1.  Atmosphere - wow, it was really nice.  The restaurant is pretty intimate and cozy (kinda dark with light music in the background).  If I had to do it over again, I would recommend making reservations to sit outside on the balcony.  On the balcony, you would have a full view of the Bellagio Fountains playing while you eat.  We learned of this AFTER we sat down.  Next time!2.  Service - so so, they were quite busy and a lot of the waiters took their time.  However, I must admit that the hostesses are incredibly attractive...LOL... my wife gave me a few angry looks..lol.. oh well.3.  We all ordered the set menu.  It is a 7 course fish.  By the way, quality is key here.  Funny thing, after our 4th dish, we jokingly mentioned that we may have to swing by the In and Out Burger joint to get a filling.  However, the 5th to 7th course is a bit heavier and actually made us full.As for the food, I would highly recommend the sliced Halibut , the yellowtail/salmon/tuna salad, and the Kobe Medallion beef.  Wow. We capped it off with green tea ice-cream... very good.Drinks are kinda cool.  They have their own variations of mixed drinks.4.  Price -- extremely pricey.  Usually reserve for special occassions.5.  Dress code - we were a bit surprised that it was not more of a dressy crowd.  We saw a few jeans and several in shorts.  For an upscale restaurant, we thought it was a bit odd... I guess you are on the strip.My wife and I planned to return again.  It was a great experience.
4	We made reservations to go to Yellowtail at the Bellagio because it was highly recommended by a Vegas local. We dined on a weekend night, and the place was packed. People that did not have reservations had to wait about a half hour, but since we had reservations, we were seated right away. The place itself is great, great decor and ambiance, you can see the Bellagio fountains from inside the restaurant. I had a lychee cocktail which was yummy, they have a pretty creative cocktail menu.For dinner, we ordered the seven-course Chef's tasting menu.1 - Salmon tartare - probably the best I've ever had 2 - Salad with poached eggs and yellowtail - amazing3 - Sashimi - AMazing4 - Cod with balsamic reduction - very strong and made me nauseated5 - Braised Kobe with some reduction (and quail egg, I think) - good6 - Sushi rolls - 3 or 4 kinds, really good7 - Dessert was a frothy chocolate drink, which was okay, but whatever the cake was, it was pretty good.I would probably go back but would stick to Sashimi and rolls, no cod and beef or dessert for me next time.
2	If this place had pictures on the menu they would be out of business! The portions are super tiny and super expensive. I could understand if there weren't any other sushi restaurants around, but c'mon, this is Vegas and there are all sorts of sushi restaurants opened by world renowned chefs. The food was alright. My friends and I had three rolls and the yellowtail carpaccio. All of the rolls tasted like $5 supermarket rolls and were super small. The yellowtail carpaccio is what you would expect, sashimi was cut a bit thicker than I normally like. The only plus side to this place was that it was inside bellagio - a great place to gamble (i've had lots of luck at their craps tables there) and that our waitress was super friendly.My two cents? Pay a cab to take you to Osaka off the strip.
5	best part of our trip to vegas!this place served me the best thing i've ever tasted:A sushi roll with: Lobster on the inside, topped with tuna, cilantro and truffle oil.  Sweet Baby Geezus...amazing!!!!!Great music, great atmosphere.
3	Really good sushi that is fresh but the price is pretty high for what you get. My only real complaint is that you would expect the menu to be a little bit more creative and original for the price.
3	Yellowtail is to impress.  Yourself, your date or your mama.  The decor, atmosphere and service are all up to upscale balla diner snuff.  You are here because you have fat bankroll, a generous sponsor and/or you're very very beautiful.  Unlike some of the more hip upscale places, there weren't any goofy spikey haired mtv types, which is a good thing.Although I normally evaluate the value of a place, it is difficult to do since I did not see the bill and probably if you are worried about getting your money's worth, you might as well just get a $14 cocktail and enjoy the atmosphere before grabbing a cab and having a giant feast on Spring Mountain for the same price as your cocktail.We had spicy tuna rolls, flat iron kobe beef, beef tataki, seaweed salad, miso soup, halibut sashima (I think), potstickers, big eye tuna pizza (a surprising dish!), lobster bowl and some weird roll with pop rocks in them.  I made sure that I got full by adding a bowl of rice to my order.  Portions were generally tiny, though aside from the pop rocks, every dish was excellent.  Even the miso soup was done right.  Normally, I am a little bit more aware of the food, but I was a little buzzed and didn't have my inner yelp critic active.  Since they don't publish the menu nor do I have a receipt, I can't remember the exact dish names.As a practical matter, if you are on a date here, try your best not to get whiplash.  The ladies are out in force here.  If you are here with the guys, then get a table in the waiting area instead of the inner restaurant.  It's the best view in the house.Finally, a shout out to our generous sponsor.  I doubt that I would have tried this place without 'em.
5	**This review is only for the bar**So after winning (relatively) big at some $5 blackjack tables, my friends and I headed here for some classy cocktails. Kat, the friendly and knowledgeable bartender, recommended the Essence - a smooth and refreshing martini consisting of Square One cucumber vodka, cucumber puree, and white cranberry juice for sweetness. Amazing. It was artfully served in a martini glass with a swizzle stick stacked with thinly sliced cucumber and cherry tomatoes.I was tasting cucumber on my tongue for half an hour after I had polished off the cocktail. Love it. It was worth the $20 splurge.
3	Overrated! Sushi was expensive and the portions were small! Overall quality was decent and the place was beautiful!
4	Beautiful. Very Good Food. Superb Service.Party of 4 on Sunday night.We ordered the big eye tuna pizza, popping spicy crab roll, seafood "dynamite", some nigiri and a Maine lobster roll (a special that evening). Each dish was good, the tuna pizza was very delicious. The pop rocks in the spicy crab roll are amusing. It's a nice bit of sushi, the candy doesn't add all that much, but puts a smile on your face. The seafood dynamite was the least refined of the dishes, very stew-like but still good. We were offered a special roll that was made with Maine lobster, it had flavor reminiscent of the tuna pizza which we loved and the lobster was excellent. The unagi, maguro and shiro maguro were all very nice.Our server, Teo (sp?), was attentive and made our experience a comfortable one. He was very knowledgeable about the dishes and his description of the lobster sold us on that fine dish.Yellowtail's beautiful space just added to the overall positive experience. We will definitely return.Total bill with tax/tip $240 (2 rounds of cocktails).
4	I went here for my one year anniversary with my boyfriend, and it was great, as long as you know what to expect. The bill came out to $175 including tip. If you've ever been to Nobu, the menu is very similar. The food was really good, and you're not supposed to go and order just one entree and be done. I definitely recommend the rock shrimp, kobe beef tataki, and the yellowtail serrano. The spicy tuna specialty roll was really disappointing, and I didn't really like it. Also, the edamame comes in two different ways: the regular plain way with sea salt and then with thai chili or something which was just okay. I was also not impressed with the dessert menu, so we didn't get any. I also got hot tea, which was $8..!! The ambience was fantastic. The restaurant was beautiful, but a little smaller then I expected. It was rainy and windy that day, so the balcony was closed, but we got a seat right next to the window so we could see the Bellagio fountain show very easily. As for the service... I didn't really like our server. I felt like he was ignoring us and rushing to get away when we were trying to talk or ask for something. All in all, I would definitely go here again when I have some extra money to splurge on dinner.
5	Yellowtail was definitely a great experience for Japanese food. usually at Japanese restaurants i only order sushi BUT here i tried everything! The big eye tuna pizza was a great start with the truffle  oil.  Even the duck procuitto was delicious. At first i was a bit hesistant but when i took that bite i was in heaven! I have posted up some pictures of the food we had.Even the executive chef Akira (who was also on Iron Chef) came out to greet us. He was very nice and funny. We had a great table on the patio that has the best view of the Fountain show of Bellagio. We were very lucky.Definitely would recommend this restaurant!
3	This place is nice, really dim lighting, waitresses are in little booby dresses(group of guys would like to eat here). I liked the table we had was right on the edge near walkways & slots so you could do some good pleople watching while you ate. Food was ok, but portions very small.
3	Dined here with a large group so got to sit in the private seating area w/ a view of the fountain.  Service was good up until the food was served and then our waitress completely forgot about us and didn't come back to check in on us or to give us our bill.  The pros though are they do offer a variety of fresh sushi - try the rock shrimp and crab hand rolls, yellow tail tataki, and flavored edamames.  Portions are small and meant to be shared.  The prices are high but it's assumed since it's in the Bellagio.
5	Food and Service were awesome.  The Hamachi/Yellowtail sashimi melted in our mouths.  But the best part was the dessert.  Sooooo gooooood.   A great way to finish a great meal.  Oh, I should mention these are semi-small plates.  So if you're hungry you'll need to order sides.  For us though, the portions were perfect
3	Good cocktails, above average sushi and a seductive elegant atmosphere will all be found at this location. Pricey, but what do you expect you're at the Bellagio!
4	Rating from 1 to 10, 10 being the best or extremely over priced.The place: 7.75 (hip, romantic, relaxing)The cleanliness: 8.5 (no stains, spots, or smells)The music: 9 (great music to go with the ambience)The service: 8 (very friendly with lots of smiles)The food: 8 (fresh and tasty, like it a lot, but not love it)The drink: didn't order drinks they made, just water and wine.The price: 8 (portion is too small, need to order a lot to get full)The result: definitely going back when I have craving for sushi.
5	As soon as I touched down in Vegas, all I kept thinking about was getting my fix and having some Vegas sushi from one of the highly rated places I had read about. Thank goodness it was my birthday dinner so I got my wish! We ended up at Yellowtail in the Bellaggio. The staff is completely friendly and fun and I love that more than anything. Friendly staff can make okay tasting food into a great food experience and you might not even realize it. The ambiance really seemed to match the whole cocktail dress look, I honestly felt like I was in an episode of the Hills, I don't know if it was the martinis or what, but I really felt like Heidi would walk by with Spencer or something. I loved how the windows looked right out to the Belaggio fountains. The sushi here is really amazing, taste was extremely well balanced, fresh and just left you wanting more and more. I loved the two different kinds of Edamame, the one with the sweet chili sauce on the pods was a hit at the table. I was a little disappointed by how simple the menu was, I like lots of specialty rolls with lots of ingredients in them as opposed to the more simple rolls but the simple rolls were to die for so I am not complaining at all. The entire table seemed to really be enjoying their experience the signature cocktails were well received as well as the food. The birthday dessert brought out was similar take on a chocolate lava cake with a liquor and mint infused foam on top. Perfect to share with a table. I would highly suggest taking a few moments out of your trip and give Yellowtail a try, great place for several occasions and you might see Brody or something!
3	We sat outside to watch the water show and it was spectacular!  The view was beautiful but the quality & quantity of the food was nothing to rave about.  The portion was quite small and the food wasn't all great. However, it was very fresh but nothing to the par.  The only thing that stood out was the tuna pizza.  Everything else was mediocre.  The ambiance was really nice.  Nicely decorated more of a classy and quite place for dinner or to be on a date.  The service was great since the waiters check on us constantly.-1 star - way over price-1 star - food was mediocreI would only come back here to sit outside for the view.  Basically you come here to pay for the outside view and not the food. Definately a place to stop by though.  Make sure you ask to be seated outside where the balcony are.
3	So my date and I came here to just get a couple drinks before we headed off to more lounging, cake eating and other shenanigans.  We got a table in front of a couple (elderly white guy and young asian girl with really short skirt).  It was definitely a cosy seating area and we were able to do some people watching since we were literally next to the walking area and people were passing us by.  We ordered two drinks, normal cocktail type prices.  A bit loud around us, but we definitely made the most of it since we were in our own little happy bubble.  We spotted some "whoo" girls near the entrance (you'll need to watch How I Met Your Mother to understand that reference).  Can't believe they do exist though... Good place to just lounge and enjoy time with someone special =)
1	Yellowtail was a big disappointment.The only thing to rave about was the Ahi Tuna Pizza.Everything else, was blah . . . .  nothing outstanding, nothing memorable.Service was terrible, even though the restaurant was more than half empty.Went there for a after show bite - 10:30pm so the restaurant wasn't crowded.Had to repeatedly ask for water and hot tea to be refilled and got the impression that the server was too bored to be serving.Later, back in the hotel room, saw on BellagioTV that the chef Akira Back was a prior professional snowboarder and got into being a chef to "feed himself" since pro snowboarders didn't make much money!Well, it shows. The old restaurant Shintaro was way much better!  Should have kept Shintaro and ditch Yellowtail!  Bring back the jellyfish!
3	Meh. Don't like this place so much. If I'm ever in the Bellagio and hungry, I will do one of 2 things. Grab a taxi back to the Wynn to eat or if my friends/bf are/is playing, go to the high stakes baccarat table to get my Asian food fix. Anyway, I've been here twice. Both times, I've had indigestion afterward. And I eat a lot of sushi, a lot of fish, so it's not just my stomach, it's definitely something here that makes me sick! Last time I went was for my 21st birthday. It was still a fun experience and I still had a great time, but there are just better places to eat in Vegas. I really do love their butterfish appetizer, it is perfectly cooked, melts in your mouth, and you just talk about how good it tastes for 10 minutes. They also have an Alaskan King Crab tempura app which is pretty good. It was featured on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate," but I think I like the Nobu version better. Anyway, everything else is just all right. Their handrolls aren't really handrolls... They should call them "tiny stick rolls" with one smalllll piece of fish in them. They taste good but it just doesn't quite cut it for me. I wouldn't choose to come here again, not when I can go to Okada or Nobu in LV.
4	Great food at lousy prices. The buffet line at the Bellagio was a 2 hour wait, so myself and 3 other friends decided to try Yellowtail instead. My spicy miso soup was incredible, made with fresh crab and tofu in a surprisingly spicy miso broth. For my main course I went with the flat iron kobe steak. It was as tender as any steak could get, back lacked flavor. My friends ordered an array of sashimi, all of which was excellent. However, you could get the same quality sashimi in San Francisco at better prices. The prices of the sake were outrages so we all settled for their signature cocktails, all of which were delightful, especially my "sunrise" drink- made with grey goose vodka and blood orange juice. 4 cocktails= $80. Total cost of our dinner= $470 :OWas it worth it? Not really! But was it very good? Yes!
2	First the good news: very congenial hostesses who got us a last minute table, and friendly wait-staff who dealt gallantly with a somewhat dramatic champagne glass upset as well as a minor soy sauce incident.  The restaurant was beautiful and the view of the Bellagio fountains impressive.But here's the bottom line: at approximately $60/person (including tax and tip), guests should be leaving pleasantly full and impressed with the cuisine.  We left already planning our late night snack and absolutely unimpressed with anything that Yellowtail had to offer.Their flagship item, the  Big Eye Tuna Pizza was good, but somewhat bland.  We also liked the Edamame Two Ways: Sea Salt and Sweet Chili.  Everything else we ordered was pretty uninteresting, and I've had far better at any number of sushi bars in LA at 1/3 the price.We had a bland Yellowtail Scallion roll, a lame Spicy Tuna roll, a very fishy Mackerel with Shiso that I couldn't even eat, very average pork Gyoza, and a fairly tasty Seared Albacore with Onion, Crispy Shitake Mushrooms and Chili Sesame.I don't mind dropping some coin on a great meal, and I am even OK with the concept that I might have to pay a premium for dining at the Bellagio (although I doubt I ever will again, after this meal), but heck...do I have to leave hungry too?
2	Yummy Spicy Miso soup!Big Eye Tuna pizza is a MUST when coming here!  Tempura Alaskan  king crab was appetizing and the sauce poured on it was pleasing.The spicy salmon roll were small, but very fresh.Jidori Chicken tasted alright.Braised Kobe Beef Short Ribs was deliciouso!!!Nice atmosphere,knowledgable staff, great tasting food.ConsCondescending staff(wait, bus)small portions(tapas style)Extremely priceyOverall feeling after: food was not filling and we were already discussing where we should eat after! missing the "treated right" feeling.  You don't pay 4x more to be treated worse :(
5	I'd have to thank Food Network for this visit to Yellowtail.  If it wasn't for Beau MacMillan's convincing testimonial of their Alaskan King Crab Tempura from Best Things I Ever Ate, I probably would never have considered coming here.  It looked so good on the show, I had to make the effort to try it out.I came by on a Sunday night without a reservation so the pretty hostess asked if I want to sit at table inside the lounge or outside on their front patio.  So no view of the Fountains of Bellagio which wasn't such a bad thing.  I chose to dine at the front patio as it was a nice way to people watch while I would wait for my food.  As a side note, the hostess and all the waitresses here are really HAUTE!!  Never had Crab Tempura before, but after having it at Yellowtail, I'm gonna look for it at any Japanese Restaurant.The Alaskan King Crab Tempura was amazing!!!  Not only was it delicious, it was very photogenic as well (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=cqE1cyW2PUjUEbx1Z58Hrw).  The Crab was tasty and the Ponzu sauce totally enhanced the flavor of the Tempura.  For me, it was a foodgasm with each bite.  At $23, it is quite a splurge considering it's from their Small Hot Plate menu, but they give you plenty of pieces and a side order of Rice went great with it.  Plus, it's not very often that you would find Crab Tempura on a menu at your conventional Japanese Restaurant.  So consider it a different experience when you're ordering it.My waitress was great and very friendly, and as I mentioned earlier, very HAUTE!!  One minor hiccup about my service was that the person who served me my food forgot to include the Ponzu sauce which was a very important ingredient.  It took a while for my waitress to get the sauce for me which cooled down my food a little bit.  But once she brought me the sauce, the awesomeness of the Tempura totally made up for it.4.5 stars rounding up!  Yellowtail has definitely earned a spot as one of my To-Go Vegas dining spots.
5	Amazing cocktails, exorbitant prices. I'm game! For $20 a pop you get one of a modest selection of amazing drinks. My friends and I each ordered one and the sucker who won the most at the tables paid for all our drinks haha. Tab came out to be around $80ish tip included, worth every penny of it. The friend who paid for the drink also made a comment on their selection of sake: "I'm blown away by just being in the presence of these expensive, rare bottles of sake." Good times. Will be back whenever I'm at the Bellagio!
5	What we ordered: - Miso Soup- Big Eye Tuna Pizza- Kobe Beef Tatake- Angry Salmon Roll- California Roll- Tuna Sashimi- Two Sapporo's Total bill: Approximately $130Miso soup was AMAZING!!!!! The best Miso I have had in my life!!! Big Eye Tuna Pizza had quite a bit of hype on-line, it was good don't get me wrong, but nothing to write home about. My husband did enjoy it more than I did however. Kobe Beef Tataki was by far my favorite part of the meal! I am actually salivating over the thought of it. Angry Salmon Roll was delicious as was the California Roll, which had nice chunky pieces of crab as apposed to the crab salad you find at most sushi restaurants. Both rolls were the perfect size, I am not a fan of sushi restaurants that make the rolls so large you cannot fit them into your mouth in one bite. Tuna sashimi was fresh and very delicious, however kind of on the small side. All in all the prices were comparable to our local sushi restaurants. The staff was courteous and quite informative. We enjoyed our waiter immensely, he was very attentive while not being obnoxious!! My husband and I are already discussing our next Vegas trip which will most definitely include a trip back to Yellowtail!
5	What a phenomenal venue! 5 star dining, exceptional service and truly delicious cocktails! I have been there on numerous occasions and will be back next week...truly a gem for Gourmet Japanese Cuisine in Vegas!
5	I love everything at Yellowtail!  The ahi pizza, protein roll, king crab tempura awesome!Ask for Roberto he is the finest waiter at Yellowtail.
4	Well, the cons were that we waited for awhile before we were seated and the waitress spilled lemonade on the table. Also appetizers were brought at the same time as the entree, but that could be a good thing, depending on the person. Portions were small and overpriced, but it is sushi in Las Vegas, so what do you expect? However, the overall service and food was good. Sashimi was small and only 3 pieces for 11 dollars. But the Saba was great, and the lemonade was the best I've ever had. Snapper, yellowtail and eel were all fresh and tender, and the miso was to die for. The soybeans came in 2 ways, salted and put in a sweet chili oil. They were good, and the Japanese pickles were OK. So, this place's food was great (better than the sushi in the buffet), but don't expect it to be filling...or cheap.
4	Decent fresh sushi at the Bellagio.  Kobe steak was good, but the size of a half dollar!  Ambiance was excellent and the super model waitresses were actually quite pleasant and helpful.  Overall a good dining experience.
5	WOW! WOW! WOW!Dinner at Yellowtail was a highlight of my latest Vegas business trip. We decided to eat whatever the Chef's preferred to make us, without even looking at the food menu, and we were not disappointed.The tuna pizza - Awesome! Yellowtail Serano - Awesome! Tempura Alaskan King Crab - Awesome!  Seafood Dynamite - DYNAMITE! Baked Rock Shrimp Handroll - Awesome! Angry Salmon - AWESOME! Sushi  was fresh, the rolls were fun and mouthwatering. Everything was so tasty I wanted to order another, and then the next thing came up and took the "Favorite" spot.  Of course we drank - champagne, wine, coffee and finished dinner with the Lemincello (first for me), and thanks to the sommelier recommendations, everything was excellent.The best part, and I didn't know this was an option, one of my dinner guests told the waiter he wanted to time dinner service with the Belagio fountain show - every 15 minutes.Every 15 minutes we walked out of the restaurant to the balcony (it was a cold night so the patio wasn't open for dinner) and watched the fountain show, came back to the table with a new set of dishes, glasses re-filled, everything clean, napkins refolded or replaced.The service from the waiters, sommelier, food runners, was excellent. We felt pampered without interruption, all night long.  I can't wait to return!
4	This was a very good sushi place located in the Bellagio. The sushi was fresh and the menu had unique items on it. I had the rock shrimp appetizer (delicious), the soft shell crab roll (ok) and a baked crab hand roll (very good). I recommend going here but beware that it is pricey ($50-60 per person) and you need reservations to sit in the actual restaurant otherwise they will seat you in the bar.
5	I have eaten at Yellowtail three times now... and this review will encompass all three trips:In my humble opinion, yellowtail should change its website to BOMB.COM!  Seriously, how they get such FRESH sushi in the middle of a desert baffles me, Vegas rules, man.I've had a Tuna pizza, delish... multiple rolls of their sushi... amazing...And the love of my pallet, their Kobe steak, it's like a meat explosion in your mouth... (um, wow, screw it, I'm leaving it just like that.)... It IS pricey... the Kobe alone will run you upwards of 40 green backs for a pretty small steak (I couls easily crush two of them).  But its worth it!Drinks are really well made here, order something different, you;ll be surprised.And if you want to eat here, call ahead, if the weather is nice, ask for fountain side outdoor seating, best ground level view of the Bellagio fountain show.Oh yeah, they have this sweet deal... if you buy Cirque De Soleil "O" show tickets, you can upgrade to a package deal for 13 more dollars, the package includes a free drink at a bellagio bar, your O show tix, and dinner at Yellowtail!!! Of course, its off of a limited menu, but still very tasty stuff.  Try it out, and off topic, O will blow your MIND!Cheers- dRe'
2	I don't consider myself a cheap person.  But I value quality and quantity equally.  So when I come to a restaurant that looks fancy, acts fancy and provides fancy food, I'm mentally prepared to dish out some good money.  But when that fancy food equates to the same type of food I can get elsewhere for half the price and double the portions, I get mad.  This is Yellowtail.Yes, the tuna pizza was delicious and probably the highlight of the entire meal as far as taste and value goes.  The Kumamoto Oysters were delicious but they were overpriced.  Besides those dishes and ordering a soft shell crab roll, an angry salmon roll and a spicy tuna roll, four slender girls (we're not fatties that eat a ridiculous amount of food) left hungry.  We decided not to order any more food because at that point, we realized that no matter how much more food we ate, we wouldn't be full unless we ended up shelling $100 each.  So at a tab of  about $125 (all we had was water to drink), we decided to cut our losses and headed straight to the Bellagio snack bar.  Yes, the snack bar.  We were all still so hungry that we actually didn't feel satisfied with what we ate.The service was good but I felt that the server was a bit pushy with ordering more things or trying to push us to order something from the bar.  But in hindsight, she probably knew that the things we ordered wouldn't fill us up.  Definitely not worth going to, there are so many better places that you can get this kind of food without dipping into your gambling bankroll.  Save your money to use it on something worth wasting your money on...like Megabucks.  At least then, you'd have a chance to get some of your money back, instead of it just turning into crap.
1	Let's see, it's extremely hard to order because it is so dark in there, you can barely read the menu (literally had to use my lighter, and I'm 31 with perfect vision). It is loud, and not in a good way; sounds like you are in the kitchen.I'm not stingy when it comes to fancy dining, especially Vegas; I know you pay a lot for a little in places like this, but this place is ridiculous! The portions are so small, its hard to share something with even two people (and we had 10), so if everyone wanted to try something, we had to place 5 orders for it!!$ The waiter came by every now and then, and had to yell over the ambient noise; AND forgot either a drink or menu item more than a couple times.  As for the food...eh. Although the fish/shellfish in the apps tasted extremely fresh, it seems as though everything was drenched in truffle oil to make it seem fancy [hire a new head chef]. The rolls were about the size of my index finger, so tasting the fish/ingredients over the rice they were rolled in was a task.This isn't the only sushi restaurant in Vegas, I recommend trying one of the others before you step foot in here. *We ended up spending well over $100 per person, and had to grab a real dinner soon there after. Not one person in our party of 8 girls and 2 guys were full after that.Sorry Yellowtail, you are going to have to kick it up a few notches.
3	don't order anything you would see on a standard sushi restaurant menu, because the you'll start wondering whether there is any difference... nope. But the Tuna Pizza was stellar, the monkfish liver was lovely, the Yellowtail with mushrooms was excellent...  Also loved the ginger cocktail. The view of the fountain during the meal was incredible, but made me start to feel like my youth was slipping away. Every time it went off it was a shock to realize how 15 minutes can just disappear between bites.
4	Get the rock shrimp and baked crab hand rolls and some Star Rabbit sparkling blueberry sake.  The other rolls are on the small side but you can't beat the view of the fountain!
5	Great baked crab hand rolls - sparkling blueberry sake and views of the Bellagio fountain - great vibe.
1	The only tail worth noting here were the busty waitresses. This place is horrible value for money. Tiny portions that are absolutely overpriced. "Specialty Rolls" (e.g. Spicy Tuna Roll), start at $14 and are half the size of any other place I have ever been to. $12 Gin and Tonics may be  priced only slightly above average, but it was tough to detect any gin at all.Pass this one. There's much better value (and food) to be found in Vegas.
5	Well I have been wanting to eat here since I heard it mentioned on Food Network's Best I ever ate with Chopsitcks by chef Beau Macmillan. The item mentioned was the Tempura fried king crab with ponzu sauce on top. Usually hype does not live up to things I have learned but, this surely did! The dish itself is a little small and pricey ($23) but worth it, My friend and I also got the edamame, Spicy tuna roll and the poppin spicy crab roll.The edamame was served 2 ways salted and sweet chili sauce very good!Spicy tuna was good but nothing exciting The poppin spicy crab roll though was awesome!! Crab, Cucumber, Asparagus and oh how about some pop rocks!!! So good and fun with that popping in mouth.Overall it was very good! I had a beer and my friend had a glass of wine and the whole meal was $86..Pricey I know but for the Bellagio and the strip I felt it was ok. The service was also very sharp too.
4	Impressive but expensive!The good was really great! We tried a variety of apps but no sushi rolls: tuna pizza, beef tataki, Walu (AMAZING), short ribs, rock shrimp, chicken, and few more things. Loved it all. The place is cute and the service was good.I AM a fan!
4	The Tuna tataki and the popping crab roll were fantastic.  The service was great.  It is overpriced, but it was expected.
4	I am giving this restaurant more stars for having ambiance and great service. When we were there it was packed with high profile celebrities.   The service was fantastic and everything came quick. I thought the food was good, a B, but extremely expensive for what it was.  We had a few roles and light drinks and the tab came up to $300+.  If I had not sat next to the black eyed pees singer (aple.de.ap)   I would have given it three stars.... but I love that guy so I have fond memories of that night :.0
3	We were really looking forward to eating at Yellowfish prior to Circque du Soleil during our Vegas trip and though good, it wasn't GREAT (perhaps our expectations were too high). The atomsphere was visually subtle yet interesting, the tables comfortably spaced. The view was awesome d/t the view of the Bellagio Fountains just outside the large windows. However, the music was heavy, mod. loud, and more suited for the casino or nightclubs than the soft Japanese atmosphere.Food wise, for the money, Yellowtail was a (big) disappointment. I can't really go into detail because it was that forgettable.
4	Didn't get a window or patio seat, but can still see the window from my seat... and its pretty amazing to see the famous Bellagio fountains while enjoying dinner.I was a bit anxious about trying this restaurant because I LOVE Japanese food and didn't know how I'd feel about paying loads of money for it when I have plenty of fave restaurants. Between my other half and I, we ordered a couple of small plates and rolls and one entree to share. I'd say some were unique and delicious. The pop rock roll, oyster shooter, and big eye tuna pizza are a must. But otherwise I wouldn't spend so much money on Japanese food. Definitely overpriced.
4	Very good food, though portions are a bit on the small side and expensive (even for the quality).  Rock shrimp appetizer is sort of standard now, but was good.  Protein roll is very good.  Waiter recommended the baked crab hand roll and he was right -- they were impressive.  The salmon serrano roll was less impressive.  Halibut sushi was soft and delicious, although it didn't come with ponzu (which I prefer with halibut).
4	Warning - I'm a sushi snob! Ok, if you love Yellowtail you need to try this place. Best Yellowtail dishes I've had. The Yellowtail Serrano is a must! I also really enjoyed the Kobe beef sushimi and the big eye tuna pizza. All other items were eh..not worth the exuberant price tag.Next time I will just hit up the bar for some yelowtail snacks and cocktails...
2	Wether the customer is a high roller VIP spending almost 1k on dinner alone (which we were) or just an average Joe, you can NEVER EVER ask him to leave because you need the table for your next party. Bad form.
5	I love sushi. It's probably my favorite type of cuisine. I'd say I'm a sushi snob. Yellowtail is in my top 5 favorite sushi spots. I didn't try any menu items from the kitchen so I can't rate them on that but the nigiri and sashimi were extremely fresh and "buttery" (melts in your mouth). My husband and I celebrated our 2nd anniversary in vegas and we had dinner here at yellowtail before our cirque du soleil show.  They set up a private table on their small balcony (it could only fit a table for 2) overlooking the fountains.  It was dusk so the lighting was perfect.  The noise was minimal.  We had most of the nigiri on the menu - from hamachi (yellowtail) to toro (tuna belly) to uni (sea urchin).  It's so hard to find fresh uni and yellowtail had the best!  I swear I could taste the ocean, it was so fresh!  The waiter said they had just been flown in from japan (not sure if he this was true but I didn't care b/c it was delicious).  I could have eaten a dozen!  Overall the service was great - we had an informative and attentive server.  I would definitely go back for the sushi!
3	After seeing this place featured on "The Best Thing I've Ever Eaten," I was ecstatic when my friend decided to treat me out to dinner here.Unfortunately, Yellowtail fell quite short of my high expectations...ATMOSPHERELocated in the Bellagio, Yellowtail definitely has some swag (I mean, that giant, bright, metallic, golden fish hanging out on the wall definitely screams "Vegas"). It was a pretty swanky place so I had some high hopes.The server was really nice, but she accidentally gave us someone else's bill on top of ours... FOOD1) Tempura fried king crab appetizer2) Red snapper sushi3) Shrimp tempura roll4) Salmon sashimi5) Angry salmon roll6) Toro scallion rollThe TEMPURA FRIED KING CRAB was fantastic. I wish we just ordered a few of those instead of the sushi and sashimi. The crab itself was juicy and the tempura was perfectly crisp and crunchy. The dish tasted so good with the ponzu sauce! The scallions were a great finishing touch because they added that final subtle zing to the dish.The SUSHI and SASHIMI were both mediocre at best. The rolls were small and they weren't that creative. The only good thing about the sashimi was that it was presented in the shape of a rose, but it wasn't the best sashimi I've ever had.Overall, Yellowtail is overrated and overpriced. I feel like I had better sushi at Ichiban in the basement of Bally's for 1/10th of the price.
5	My sister and I lucked out on all accounts when dining at this wonderful restaurant.  We ordered a wide variety of sushi and specialities to include the hamachi that melted in our mouths, the tuna pizza (someone else posted a pic) with truffle oil that was interesting and every bite delightful, and the baked crab hand roll that was a party in the mouth.  Everything we ordered was exceptional.  The waitstaff and service was exactly what one would expect from this place,--prompt, helpful, attentive, exact.  The various choices are expensive, but considering we had pretty close to a perfect experience, one doesn't mind forking (or chopsticking in this case) out the dough.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
3	We were hanging out at the Bellagio, waiting for "O" to start and decided to get some dinner. After much contemplation we finally decided to get some sushi at Yellowtail.The decor inside the restaurant was amazing! However, the sushi was just ok, and considering the fact that it was waaaaaaay to expensive, I'm not likely to come back.I did think the pop-rock crab roll was very cool, although it didn't taste all that good.
4	Definitely on the pricier side, but the food was definitely interesting. Some of their rolls are more interesting than others. I remember there was a crackling crab roll and it literally pops in your mouth!
1	This is the place that gave me the motivation to write a first review.  This place has a nice view of the bellagio water show.  You are paying 100+ dollars for the view.   I couldnt tell if the fish was any good or not because there was barely any in the rolls.  The nigiri was average.  The price is about 3 times more than normal but the quality is at or below average.  The special cocktails are $20 and barely have alcohol in them.  im willing to pay good money for a good quality meal but this place was just money down the drain
5	I think this is my new favorite place to eat in Vegas. Definitely the best place to eat in Bellagio. The seafood is top quality and the service at the bar was on par with the food. Like any restaurant there will be things you will like and not like. I have a feeling that there will be few things at Yellow Tail that I would not like. The view of the dancing fountain out front is the "cherry on top" of high class ambience.Don't expect large portions. The food served here is carefully and delicately crafted. Take your time and enjoy every bite and you will be satisfied. If you are looking to hobble out of yellowtail with your belt loosened, then you have the wrong idea. While the prices were high (all Bellagio restaurants are high priced) this was one of the few places that earned their high price. Some have said that this is overrated, my experience did not disappoint and I look forward to going back every time I come to Vegas.
3	Kind of trendy but don't go there hungry bc the food portions are minuscule at best.
5	Thanks to the reviews on YELP, my boyfriend and I had an amazing experience here.  As fans of fine dining, I was a tad worried about the three-star rating before we decided to make a reservation, but we were not disappointed!  You cannot go to Yellowtail without having the Big Eye Tuna Pizza.  While this is something that I wouldn't ordinarily order, after reading the reviews on yelp, we ordered one as a starter.  It was honestly one of the best things I have ever put in my mouth! ;) We followed it up with the tempura lobster (from The Best Thing I Ever Ate) and a couple sushi rolls including one with pop rocks.  In all, our dining experience was not just tasty, but elicited all of our senses and was truly a dining experience.  The only down point was the service.  It was actually pretty horrible but the food made up for it enough for me not to deduct a star.  We figured the bad service was due to the A-list singer and D-list reality star sitting at the tables next to us, but we still would have liked a little more attention for our $300+ dinner!All-in-all, this is an underrated place in Vegas that cannot be missed!
4	Huminahuminahuminayummmmmmmm. I had a wonderful meal here!yellowtail serrano- so sadly I can't remember, but instead of the yellowtail, we got a different type of yellowtail that was butterier than regular yellowtail. Can a sushi expert help me out here??? Anyway, it was sitting in a blood orange sauce with little serrano peppers and micro cilantro. The presentation was beautiful and the dressings were subtle, not cutting into the glorious stand-alone flavor of the fish itself.foie gras torchon - two slices of foie gras with a nicely sized scallop, and an oyster. break it down! - I would have liked to see the foie gras seared, but that's ok, that's ok, it was still a decadent heap of fatty goodness that dissolved on my tongue bite after bite. The oyster was perfectly cooked, which is to say, nearly not cooked on the inside. It was fresh and delicious, but I could lose the weird crunchy balls that had been sprinkled no the top. Nearly ruined it for me. And lastly the japanese oyster sitting in the middle off the plate was to die for. Meaty, fresh and not fish. It didn't taste horrendously like the sea. It was covered in watery, salty juices. It was just a clean, fat, oyster.Toro and scallion roll - there's not much to say. They make this everywhere because it's a classic and it works. The fish was good, the rice was good, it was a solid roll, But not if you're looking for something special.Uni sushi- Since this is synonymous with awesome, there is nothing more I can say.And the Bellagio is such a beautiful and romantic place. You really can't ask for more for a lovely, romantic, dining experience.
5	OH MY GOD I think that I might stay at the Bellagio just to be closer to this place! We'd seen Chef Akira Back on Iron Chef and have been dying to try this place, I'm so glad that we did. We stuck with sushi, wanting something light and may I say again OH MY GOD... The edamame was to die for, served warm with maldon sea salt and sweet chili... We then had the Popping Spicy Crab, which had frigging pop rocks in it (WOOT), the Holy Mackerel, Shrimp Tempura and Hamachi Sushi... We will totally be coming back here.
5	We came here for dinner on Wednesday night before our 10:00 "O" show at the Bellagio. We enjoyed several drinks at the bar where I was introduced to a really tasty - and strong - lychee drink.After a couple rounds, we relocated to the dining area and started off with some San Francisco oysters (which, by the way, were so good we ended up with 4 orders....we have no shame) and sake. Our server, Roberto, did a spectacular job - I have never had such amazing service ever. He also made some excellent recommendations such as with the sake selection "Wandering Poet" - a fine balance between dry and sweet at a fair price.Our entree was an usual order of spicy tuna roll, bluefin tuna sashimi style, and some whitefish. The ribs came highly recommended so we decided to give it a go as well. I'm not going to lie but I was pretty disappointed and felt like I just got ripped off for a mere handful of meat chunks. Like, seriously? 4 pieces of beef for ~$30?! Of course, this IS Vegas and the quality you get is definitely noticeable, no complaints there.For dessert we moved to the balcony with a perfect timing - the water show! The view was awesome and we enjoyed the green tea mousse which came with a shot of coffee  on the side. Really superb combo.Definitely give Yellowtail a try when you're in the area!PS keep in mind this meal may take a chunk out of your wallet.
3	Don't expect to be full once you leave.  The portions are small and the prices are high.  But, the quality of food and the good service made up for it. We tried most of the recommendations here on Yelp and it did not disappoint.
3	3.5 stars.Service- Friendly & attentive, a must for any fine dining restaurant.Price- Not so friendly as most dishes are in small portions but $$$Here's what's memorable and what's not-Great-Big eye tuna pizza (everyone's favorite),lobster carpaccio, yellowtail serrano (fresh yellowtail never tasted this good), tempura alaskan king crab (a must order), uni.Okay- Kobe flat iron (a bit tough), Ankimo (good but I could get this easily at local sushi joints), shikoku octopus (might be better without pickled cucumber).Not so memorable- Kumamoto oysters (either not fresh or not in season), Holy mackerel roll(small roll & nothing special).
3	The food was great.  I gave it 3 stars because the price is outrageously expensive.  Service was great too
5	Yellowtail has it all, amazing view of the Bellagio fountains, outstanding service and unique one of a kind food. Expect to try something completely out of the ordinary here - this is sushi with a twist.After being seated promptly by a lovely hostess (we were a little late but it didn't matter to them) we were shown our table right by the window which overlooked the Bellagio fountains. I'd heard about Yellowtail's sparkling blueberry sake before hand and it was gorgeous, a definate must try.For starters we ordered the Tuna pizza which is pretty much what it says on the tin. It was good, unusual, tasty. We then went for Akira's "Shooter" which was an oyster, blueberry sake and wasabi served in a shotg glass. This was too cool, not for the brave, but we like a culinary adventure and so we ordered seconds!!After quite a few appetizers we had a small selection of sushi including the strawberry roll which was amazing - totally unique and beautiful.The setting and tone for this restaurant are amazing, that complemented by it's fabulous food and great service make for a beautiful meal. Expect to pay a little more but for us it was well worth it.
4	The seared tuna pizza w/ truffle oil  is amazing.. A little $$ but so worth it.. Wish I could find something that even came close back home..
3	I can't decided, 3 or 4 stars? We had heard lots of good things about the restaurant and even their amazing sushi, however we left feeling less than wowed.  The good:  the decor is nice and trendy (you can even get a table that faces the Bellagio fountains), service is awesome (which is making me want to give the place a 4), and I probably could have had three servings of the Tuna Pizza - LOVED IT.  The so-so:  the sushi.  For what we were paying, I had higher expectations for the sushi and felt like I could have gotten those rolls anywhere.  If you do plan to dine here, definitely make reservations and I am pretty sure you can make a special request for the tables near the fountain.
4	Yellowtail remains one of the top modern Japanese restaurants on the Strip.The food here is inventive with bold flavors.  Stay adventerious when ordering; you will be rewarded.The majority of the dishes are made to be shared (although the portions are not too large that those dining alone will not have a decent selection).  The tai (snapper) served sashimi style with EVOO and shiso is excellent.  The peppery edge of the oil enhances the sweetness of the fish.  The lobster carpaccio is amazing.  The sweetness of the lobster and the onion play off each other beautifully and offers the perfect textural contrast.  Finally, the kobe beef tataki is an absolute must try.  Roll up the paper thin slice around a sliver of garlic and spicy diakon pickle and pop it in your mouth.  It's amazing how the bold flavor of the garlic is washed away by the fat of the beef as it melt in your mouth.For warm plates, top props to the "Seafood Dynamite".  Lightly broiled king crab and rock shrimp dressed in a spicy yet not cloying citrus aioli; delicious.The nigiri sushi is all very high quality but boring when compared to the inventive speciality rolls.  The "Popping Spicy Crab" is a serious must try.  Crab, spicy aioli, cucumber, asparagus, and POP ROCKS!  Just try it.Service is excellent.The wine / sake list is very good with well chosen selections by the glass.  Prices are high (remember, you're at the Bellagio).Highly Recommended.
3	Ate dinner here and its very modern. Started eating on the patio which was very romantic, but it started to rain so they moved us inside. The chef recommends 3-4 dishes each but 2 was plenty for us. Had the lobster carpaccio and its to die for. The soft shell crab sushi was a fabulous dish. The place is very loud inside, so conversation was hard to have
3	I will give this place a 3 1/2 stars...We came here for a friend's dirty- thirty bday dinner with a group of 13. So getting the reservation or a large party was a little bit difficult especially on fight weekend. They accommodated us with a phone call about three days before.Service - pretty decent. Very responsive with a large party but thats because tip is guaranteed. But they did fill our waters and had decent suggestions. Also they were very responsive and helpful.Food - Each group of 4 people ordered their set of dishes. In my group we had a hardcore sushi person, two experienced sushi eaters and one non sushi eater. We ordered the tuna pizza, which was pretty good, the non sushi eater liked it. Along with tha we ordered 4 rolls, a unagi type roll, a soft shell crab roll, a tempura roll of some sort and a tuna roll. We also ordered a Wagyu beef dish that was probably the highlight of the meal. We also had a snapper dish which definitely one I would come back for. I am not much of a roll person, so I can't say they were that good nor that bad.The non sushi eater was pretty good at taking down the rolls, so in that sense the fish was pretty decent. The tuna pizza is more of a novelty, sorry toro, or hamachi are number one on my sushi wants.Decor - It was a very modern setting and the view we had was outstanding, it was a great view of the water show at the bellagio, it can get pretty noisy in here so don't look here for a romantic dinner unless you like raising your voice to the person across from you.I'll admit it wasn't my first choice (Comme Ca was) but it proved to be good for a not too filling meal, which is what we aimed for.
4	I came here with my boyfriend for our 2 year anniversary. Located inside Bellagio, if you reserve seats outside, you will have a nice view of the Bellagio Fountains (which performs every 15 and 30 minutes). The place is elegant for dinner, dimly lit, and loud with the sounds of other table guests. Our reservations were for 9pm, but was seated around 9:30pm, so just be cautious about time if you are on a schedule.This is what we ate:1. Big Eye Tuna Pizza $26 - thin crust on the bottom and tuna on the top, good to share, and definitely should try if you never had it before.2. Grilled Eggplant Skewers $12 - sweet miso sauce with sesames, soft mushy eggplants. I would pass on it to try other things.3. Popping Spicy Crab Roll $16 - House recommendation, actual pop rocks within the roll, very interesting, a must try!We also ordered a bottle of sake, there are lots of selections. You can also grab a beer or glass of wine.Service was attentive, they came back a few times to see if we needed more sake, more food, and filled up our glasses of water. I left feeling pretty good, and would come back for another nice dinner occasion.
5	One of my ultimate cravings in life is the Tuna truffle pizza at Yellowtail, Bellegio. Its unique, crunchy, smells and tastes amazing, just so yummy! I've sat at the bar and had it as a snack as im passing through the casino, its just really really good. The rest of the food isn't bad either. The crab and shrimp hand rolls are great and the the roll with the pop rocks is very unique. The atmosphere is nice and hip without being too loud and over the top. Never had trouble with the service. It's definitely one of my vegas favorites that I keep going back to, even if its for the tuna pizza alone!
5	WHERE: Inside the Bellagio Hotel/Casino.WHEN: Dinner only! Monday-Thursday, 5pm-10pm. Friday-Sunday, 5pm-11pm. It is also recommended to make reservations during the weekend just incase it gets a little busy.WHY: The dishes are worth the while (or at least the ones that I got the pleasure to try tonight! =D)WHAT: So... first thing's first. I actually got home not too long ago from eating here.  Right after my amazing experience in this great atmosphere, the only thing I could think of was "I'm so going home and writing a review!" So here I am, and here I go...One of my good friends has been talking about how great everything was for the past year. So after a year, we finally got together to make it happen! Prior to getting to the restaurant, I was extremely giddy and excited!!When we got to the restaurant, checked in, and got seated, we automatically were asked what we wanted to drink. Tangent! Before I forget, customer service was at its best! Anyways, back to my experience. We weren't as hungry, so we all decided to get an appetizer each and share. =) That's what friends are for.FOOD: Keep in mind, the portions are small, but so worth your taste buds!We started off with Edamame.  There were 2 bowls, one with cold, salted edamame beans, and the other with a warm and cooked-in-some-good sauce (sweet chili) edamame beans. Always such a great starter!Eggplant Skewers:  One thing, I am not an eggplant fan, but I am not afraid to try it. My friend recommended I try this, and thank goodness she made that recommendation! It did not taste like eggplant at all. It tasted like bbq on a stick brushed with sweet miso and sesame sauce goodness. KUDOS!Big Eye Tuna Pizza:  Definitely not like your ordinary pizza! One of greatest things I have ever eaten! To simplify such a magnificent dish, it was smoked tuna on some type of cracker/bread (which made it a pizza). Everyone must try this! KUDOS!Popping Spicy Crab: Why come to a sushi joint and not order at least one roll?! We made the right choice. If like uniqueness in taste, be sure to taste this roll! Who would have thought that pop rocks (candy) can enhance a simple sushi roll?! It was magical! KUDOS!Lava Cake: For dessert (I always have my heart, mouth, and tummy ready for dessert), I was given the duty of choosing. I chose correct! To explain this lava cake, it was a small, dark chocolate-filled cake, topped with banana foam, and lychee ice cream on the side! Perfect amount, perfect taste, just pure perfection!To sum it all up, I had a wonderful time with my friends, the staff, and most definitely the food. We also got to say hello and converse with Chef Akira Back! He is very down-to-earth and such a great chef!I leave you with this. KUDOS, KUDOS, KUDOS!
5	Loved it! We went here whilst in town for a convention.  This place is amazing.  The portions are small but left my taste buds wanting more.  We ordered the rock shrimp and Gyoza appetizers and were convinced to order the lobster carpaccio.  My eyes were opened, the lobster was so good.  The crab roll with the pop rocks in it was amazing as was the angry salmon roll.  Fantastic!!
4	"Sushi with my girls" - came here for a dinner during this epic 48 hour bachelorette party and among us, we split a few dishes:-big eye tuna pizza (AMAZING)-alaskan king crab (DELICIOUS)-popping spicy crab (WOW-ed)-edamame (LIKE NONE OTHER)-spicy tuna roll (typical but with everything else, still delicious, this was per the bachelorette's request)-angry salmon roll (despite the name, very flavorful)Split between 5 girls it was about $25/person. Highly recommend ... ...and then go get McDonald's afterwards.
4	Sleek contempary room with good people viewing seats within the Forum shops rotunda.  Very good sushi, very good service, reasonable prices by Vegas standards.  Worth a visit if you are in a sushi mood.
5	We didnt have a reservation on a busy Saturday night. They found a high top for us with no problem. Within minutes we had drinks and our order was taken. Service and support staff was A +++! sushi came out fast! Top sushi experience of mine. Thanks Yellowtail!The tuna pizza was to die for. The protein roll amazing.
4	Pretty good!  The popping spicy crab roll ($16) is a must try, complete with pop rocks.  It sounds weird, but it was quite good.  The server explained that the chef's mother used to put candy in his rolls to get him to eat them and that's how he developed the concept. The angry salmon roll ($16) was also quite good.  Just the right amount of spice. The sashimi was also excellent.  We tried the yellowtail serrano ($23) and the Shikoku octopus ($23).  There are some Korean influences, such as onion and corn in the seafood dynamite ($23).  I never really liked dynamite anything - covering perfectly good food in mayo or cream cheese is just not my thing.They have a great Woollaston Estates Sauvignon Blanc by the glass ($12).  A 20oz bottle of Kirin was $12.  The service was impeccable.  Nice view of the fountains from the back dining room, but you can see those from the strip for free. Also a nice view of the casino and the crazy tourists from the front, which is much more interesting. I recommend checking this place out.
4	Came here for a birthday dinner with a close friend. We didn't have to wait long (it was a weekend too) and the ambiance was pretty nice. It's off the casino floor but I didn't feel bombarded by slot machine sounds all night. The we had a couple starters, sushi rolls, and dessert. Everything was great and the only slight downside to the evening was arguing over who might have eaten the shrimp's eyeball (it had fallen out). We had a nice dinner. I wouldn't rate it five stars simply because while our experience was good, it wasn't spectacular or particularly memorable either. Would give it another shot though if I'm craving sushi on the Strip!
5	first class service and menu !!!!
4	When you dine at a restaurant in a nice hotel such as the Bellagio, expect to pay a lot just for the location and ambiance. So yes, it is expensive but it is also very good. Portions are small which I actually like because I'm not looking to get stuffed ordering a la carte. This is not AYCE. Small portions translate into perfect little bites with a lot of fresh flavor here at Yellowtail. The King Crab Tempura was outstanding. So delicious. Crispy outside, tender juicy king crab chunks on the inside.Popping rock spicy crab was amazing! I'm gonna try to get my local sushi chef to add that to their menu. Toro was priced a little high for even a fancy place but it was fresh and of course, melt-in-your-mouth divinity.I'll come back to Yellowtail when I'm back in Vegas.
2	My friends and I debated this rating. High marks for: -Good maki rolls (though a little small)-Good tom yum soup-Reasonable Maki prices-Pretty ambiance and a nice view of the fountains outside. They lost points for: -Ridiculous bar costs. The bar was in no way comparable to the menu. I felt like I was in 2 completely separate restaurants. -Terrible service. I asked the waiter to split the bill since I was submitting mine to my company for reimbursement, and he totally gave us attitude about it. Dude. You work in a casino restaurant in Las Vegas. You've had this request before. GFY. Meh.
4	My favorite dish here is the tuna pizza. It was recommended as the most popular dish here and they did not disappoint. I already am a fan of truffle oil, so I knew this dish had to be good. The kobe beef tataki just bursted with flavor in your mouth. I also tried the sushi with the pop rocks which the name in itself already caught my attention. I think it's a cool concept but I personally did not like the sweetness from the pop rocks mixed with the sushi. I do appreciate the chef's creativeness in this. Overall, very good experience here, not to mention the beautiful backdrop of the Bellagio water show in the background at night.
2	Had the pleasure/mispleasure of eating here a few weeks ago.The good:The rib eye - sous vide prepared, excellent but  pricey at $49The view - the fountain show is spectacularThe not so good:The service:  For the pricing of the food, the service is meh at best.  I expect better, this ain't a coffee shop, we shouldn't have to ask for  refills of soda or water.The appitizers....not served at the same time - spread out over 10 minutes, and althogh the King Crab tempura was tasty, they drown it in sauce so if not eaten immediately, it becomes a soggy dough piece of crab.The Kobe beef - BEWARE - they told us that they had Kobe beef as a special that night, in two, five or ten ounce portions.  They don't mention the prices and beware it's in the $35-40 range per ounce.  It's heavenly but way too expensive.They have a Kobe-like flat iron steak for $42 on their everyday menu so it gives the impression the special Kobe will be prices in the same range - NOT.  Lastly, check the bill carefully.  They will offer to room charge it, but be sure to take a look - in error on our bill was three orders of some lobster roll that no on ordered - plus the surprise of the outrageous Kobe - even the waitress and the manager did not know agree on the price per ounce ($35-$42).  Beware!
4	Family and I went to Bellagio for Christmas dinner. We were going to go to the buffet for their special Holiday meal. When we got there the line was 3 hours long. That was not going to cut it. So we looked through the restaurants in Bellagio and passed Yellowtail. It was a bit more than I wanted to spend but we were hungry and tired. We were sat immediately. I must say it is a beautiful restaurant. The rear of the restaurant looks out over the Bellagio fountains so we could watch the fountain show from our seats. Now to the food...the kid got edamame and gyoza. The edamame came 2 ways: with sea salt and with thai sweet chili sauce. Edamame with sauce was very tasty. Then wife and I ordered 2 sushi rolls. The one that stands out had pop rocks in it. It was surprisingly good. For entree I ordered Kobe Flat Iron Steak and my wife had Scottish Salmon. Both delicious but portions were on the small side, typical of over-priced Las Vegas restaurant. The food is so expensive because they don't turn the tables so you have to make all you can get off of each table.Unlike some of the other reviews we had good service.We enjoyed the food but $170 including tip is a little steep for edamame, gyoza, 2 rolls, salmon, steak, and green tea cake. If we had more time we probably would have gone to Michael Mina or made our way to another celebrity chef restaurant. I am not going to fault them on stars due to price because that is what good Vegas restaurants cost. I would only complain if the food did not equal the price.
3	Good but overpriced!!! $45 for a sashimi dish. But I guess it's vegas
4	As I read from another reviewer, I had seen this restaurant mentioned among others on my hotel television promoting different attractions in Las Vegas.  I booked the reservation online, and was very satisfied.My boyfriend and I were seated right away.  Our server was attentive and courteous for the duration of the meal.Order three appetizers: the standard edamame and gyoza (particularly delicious) and Alaskan King Crab tempura (our server's recommendation).  Other than looking like tater-tots, the tempura was very good.  My rolls were amazing: the yellowtail scallion (made sense to order the namesake) and the Rock Shrimp handroll.  Boyfriend's special lobster/tuna concoction was not worth the price.  Spicy tuna was good.As others have said, liquor prices are ridiculous.  While the prices for the rolls were generally reasonable (around $15), the cheapest carafe of sake was $35.  Stupid.
2	Small portions, uninspiring food, and very overpriced for what you get. Service was fine, but the Social House was 1000x better.
5	Went after a poker tournament at Bellagio, been hesitant because I knew Yellow tail was a very expensive sushi restaurant. well Sushi is not sushi and definitely was impress by the quality of sushi. just the chopped sticks was real Japanese chopped sticks like it use to be. the quality of fish was great, the protein Roll ($30) was impressive. even the ginger taste like reel Ginger. So if you like quality food,and not really stop by the price.. this is a good place to go.
3	Very good And interesting food. Not typical sushi. But great new types of food to try.
5	NOT A RUN OF THE MILL SUSHI BAR...Well, I guess I'm a little biased with this review.  You see, I visited YT on a night where the stars were completely aligned.  Akira Back present - CheckCameraman filming Akira Back - CheckAkira Back dedicated to our table alone (due to the 10+ group)- CheckAkira Back dedicated to our table alone while being filmed - CheckAkira Back dedicated to our table alone while being filmed and making his favorite dishes - Check...mate...I'm typically not a big Vegas sushi joint kind of guy.  I like my hole in the wall, off the beaten path sushi places.  I think that there are sushi chef's in smaller places that outperform the renowned.  Perfect example is Crazy Sushi in St. Peters, MO.  One of the best IMO.  Why do they not have a Crazy Sushi in a Vegas casino?  Thus going into YT I was skeptical, and preparing for the same roll I could get somewhere not Vegas for a lot less $$$.Yellow tail was a great experience, and I understand why Akira has his own place at the Bellagio.  This isn't Dragon, Philly, or Vegas rolls, and if that's what you want go elsewhere because you are going to overpay for very basic sushi.  Sushi is a very tiny piece of YT.  Notice this says Yellowtail Japanese Restaurant, and not Yellowtail Sushi Bar.  There you have it... I have still avoided going to a Vegas sushi bar.Like I said, we were treated to a much different experience than someone who waltzed in on any given night.  Akira is not always in, and I doubt I will ever visit a restaurant again where the chef is being filmed while making my dinner.  FYI Akira Back was on Iron Chef North America...   We did a hybrid Omakase  which is the 7 course sampler.  I think we received over 7 courses, and I think this was due to Akira, and the camera guy.  Again, stars aligned...  Also we agreed with the server to let him make whatever he wants for us which probably didn't hurt either.From the first dish which was his pizza, I started realizing why YT is different, and not a sushi bar.  I really like truffle oil when it's applied to the right dish.  You wouldn't think raw fish would mesh well with the pungent truffle oil, but it goes great with the other flavors of the pizza.  The kobe beef tataki was awesome, as was the protein roll.  The pop rock roll was just odd to say the least, but was freaking amazing.  Pop rocks in sushi WTF?  Only in Vegas.  There was also a roll brought out, and I want to say it had strawberries and tuna in it.  There was agrilled walu which was outstanding...  The kobe short rib dish he made for us was awesome as well.  I think we asked for another round of the ribs, and walu.  I could have done without the rock shrimp.  Shrimp is just meh for me. I don't get excited over it because well... its just shrimp.  Shrimp should be the chicken of the sea, not canned tuna.  With that being said, the table loved it, and if you are a shrimp lover you'll go nuts over it.Anyhow, those were some of the dishes that really stood out for me at YT.     I'm pretty sure we had something chicken and sashimi as well.  They were good, but drowned out by the quality of the courses I mentioned.Appearance, flavor, and quality were top notch.  Akira Back should be very proud of his ability to be extremely creative with food, and a pallet that knows what goes.Would I have enjoyed the restaurant as much on any other night? I don't know.  I  wouldn't have been as daring and would have just ordered some rolls, and the pizza.  I probably wouldn't have went to YT because I would have thought it was just another sushi joint.  Things happen for a reason right?  I can share my experiences so you can either walk-in, or walk-by.  I think this place is well worth the money.  Sure it's expensive, but seriously folks... if you're worried about price why the hell are you considering eating at the Bellagio to begin with?  Hey I look for the 5.00 tables, but that's only because I am a shitty gambler.  For dinner I go all in...
4	~High end sushi at a higher end price.Check out my full review with helpful photos here:http://asupr.us/ap-yellowtailYellowtail is quite the luxurious setting which is quite fitting considering the fact that it's within the grand Bellagio casino.  The decor was upscale, but trendy at the same time.  In addition to the extravagant decor inside Yellowtail, you're also spoiled with an absolutely breathtaking view of the famous Fountains of Bellagio.First off, I acknowledge that eating at Yellowtail comes with a premium.  And I already expected the increase in price from eating in Boston compared to eating in Vegas.  With those two factors in mind, I still found the prices a little on the high side.  Normally I'd be fine with paying a premium for high quality sushi, but for the price in Vegas and the sushi I got... I felt like the price I was paying was more for the surroundings and the location.  I found the dishes to be on the smaller size, but it's all about quality, not quantity.  Still would have liked to get a little more bang for my buck. Here are some of the rolls I tried:Big Eye Tuna Pizza - Micro Shiso, Truffle OilSimply put, this thing is amazing and unique.  It's a stark contrast from the soft delicious tuna and the crunchy pizza crust.  It just all worked, very clean flavors.Kobe Beef Tataki - Spicy Daikon, Garlic, Maldon Sea SaltThe Kobe Beef is cut paper thin, but it's the combination with the crunch of the garlic and the sea salt that makes this dish a sure winner.  Melts in your mouth.Tai Snapper - Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Shiso, TosazuThe extra virgin olive oil makes this dish divine.  The slight peppery taste gives the snapper a nice little kick.  Excellent stuff.Toro Scallion Roll - Blue Fin Tuna Belly, Green OnionOn the small side, but a classic combination.  Fish was nice and fresh, rice was perfect.  Nothing special, just very solid.Popping Spicy Crab Roll - Cucumber, Asparagus, Pop RocksAmazing and unique roll.  Yes, the description does say Pop Rocks.  Most unique roll I may have ever had.
4	Very yummie sushi restaurant on the strip. The food was excellent and presentation was amazing! I love it when dining out, I can tell others about an amazing dish that I had that I just had to rave about! In this case, Yellowtail offers a really neat sushi roll called "the popping spicy crab" that has pop rocks candy embedded inside!!! It totally rocked my taste buds! I felt like I was playing with my food. It was soo cool. Also, the "big eye tuna pizza" is a must order as well! Lychee martini was puree perfectly and it wasn't too strong. I WOULD have given this place an extra star but I felt that the service was a tad lazy that night. I even ended up walking up to the hostess desk to ask for my bill and WATER! I usually ward people away from place that has poor service but the food here is so divine!!
3	Decent place!
4	Baked Crab or Rock Shrimp Hand Roll  w/Crispy Onions, Spicy Aioli, Soy Paper   is delicious!!! I would come here again and again just for this!!  Reordered this because it was that good : )the seafood dynamite on the other hand, i felt like i was just eating mayonnaise.  It felt really gross and the mayo overwhelmed the taste of everything.
4	Very fresh Sushi at a decent price (considering it's inside the Bellagio).  I heard that the Tuna pizza is the best thing they have and will definitely be back to give it a try.
2	Came here for drinks with friends. They informed us that the kitchen is closed and that was fine, we were looking for cocktails anyways.2 people got Essense, the cucumber drink which sounded appealing on paper. The decoration on it was 4 cherry tomatoes with a sliced cucumber interwoven for pretty design. The drink tasted ok, the cuke so old and limp I'd never put it in a salad, let alone as a decoration for a $20 wanna~be~sexy drink.  The service was ok at best.  The decor was nice but nothing I'll be thinking about as soon as I hit submit on Yelp.
2	Overpriced for the quality and quantity.  It simply does not live up to Vegas standards.  I was very disappointed.  I do not mind paying for good sushi, but this one was below average.
2	Really great spicy miso soup and a great location, but the sushi was just not very good.  With the exception of the albacore, the rest was average at best.  I've honestly had better in my hometown of...what for it...Dayton, Ohio!  Too bad really, because I really expected a lot more of a town that has so much great food.  Oh, I almost forgot.  Someone at our table had the ribeye and it was quite good.  It would seem that this "sushi" restaurant has a bit of an identity crisis.
5	The only downfall of coming here is that the lighting is so dim that your phone pictures of these beautiful creations look better than we can actually see when its served.  Everything here was magical. Get the truffle pizza.
2	I had the Mackerel and Spicy tuna with a couple of beers and it chimed in for ~$100. Not a good experience from a service standpoint either. The sushi was mediocre at best. Don't waste your $$$.
3	Dined there last week.  Food was good - but for a fine dining experience we were completely disappointed that ALL of our food came out at once within 15 minutes... for that much money, I would like to experience the food.  Not eat is so quickly you're left wondering what happened.  Maybe next time I'll ask the server to pace the food, but I don't think we should have to do this at the Bellagio.
5	One of the best sushi restaurants I have ever been to- and I live in San Francisco which I consider to have pretty good sushi. Highly recommend the Big Eye Tuna Pizza- this is probably one of the best things I have ever ate. Super fresh ahi tuna cut thin on a crispy cracker/wafer type crust topped with capers and delicious truffle oil. Also had the seared albacore topped with lightly fried mushrooms, amazing as well. Shared 2 rolls- one which had pop rocks in it and was amazing. It was definitely expensive, but what do you expect- its Las Vegas.
5	great service. very good view of the bellagio fountain with show if sitting outside. the kobe short ribs are the best. very good flavor. the rolls are also very good. nice place to go eat for any occasion. i've been there many times and it never fails me.
5	The "big eye tuna pizza" is incredible, as is everything on the menu. This is not only my favorite sushi restaurant, but my favorite restaurant anywhere in the world, period. And I've been to hundreds of restaurants everywhere from Dubai to Mexico to Melbourne.
5	As with everything on the strip, it does get a bit expensive...but keep in mind...you're in the bellagio! What are you doing in the bellagio if you dont carry a platinum or black card anyway??!Everything I ordered here turned out to be amazing except their specialty salmon roll...cant remember the actual name of it but not that it was bad..it just wasnt as stellar as the lobster carpaccio or their baked crab and rock shrimp hand rolls!  Service is on point, ambiance is great, and food tasty! The only thing that could make this better? If dinner were comped! But since that's never going to happen for a guy in vegas, how'll about 20% lower prices or 25% a bit more food??! =D
4	Whenever we go to Vegas, there's two places that we have to make a pit stop at. Yellowtail is one of them, not because it has the best food or its the reasonably priced, but its just a comfortable place to go to for decent food with a great view! The other one can't be mentioned, because of some rule about what happens in vegas stays there?If its not too cold, opt to sit outside. You'll have an unbeatable view of the Bellagio fountains!The dishes I would recommend:1) Big Eye Tuna Pizza2) Seaweed Salad3) Kobe Short RibsThe poppy crab roll is a novelty and if you haven't had it, its worth a try. The rib eye is also a decent slab of meat, topped with crushed wasabi root I believe. To be honest, its not the greatest food here, but there's something that just works for us. Kind of like your local diner, except 5X more expensive, haha.
4	Overpriced, yes! But like other reviewers have said, it's Vegas, it's Bellagio, and OMG, what an incredible view if you're fortunate enough to sit by the windows facing the exquisite fountains or on the outside patio! Unfortunately, we weren't sitting there, but we had a huge booth, big enough for six, all to ourselves, just two of us!Service was good, not over the top.  Our waiter was a great photographer, so he gets kudos for the most excellent picture he took! The specialty drinks are stunning and creative in presentation, heavy on the alcohol by my standards, but expensive - $20 for one martini!  Loved the Lychee martini!The food is fresh, inspired, and pretty!  We had the Big Eye Tuna Pizza.  I could have eaten two of them by myself.  It really isn't a pizza at all, but an artfully covered cracker with plenty of tuna accented by shiso and truffle oil. To get my daily dose of veggies, we ordered the grilled eggplant skewers which were covered in miso and sesame. It was sweet and good enough for dessert.  We had to try the Popping Spicy Crab Roll, the claim to fame being the addition of pop rocks (remember those?) amongst a more traditional crab, asparagus and cucumber roll.  We were expecting an explosion of sorts on our mouths but it was actually very subtle and sweet on the finish. It didn't wow us like we thought it would, but it was still a delicious roll.Yellowtail is really all about the combination of atmosphere, service and food, and it was a great experience!  Next time, we might try sitting in the lounge area that faces the casino as you get a prime spot for people watching as the throngs of people come through Via Bellagio! That's entertainment!
4	I can't give it five stars simply because the price was fairly outrageous ($180 with tip for four small plates and a bottle of sake), but man it was the most consistently excellent food I had all week in Vegas!  The star of the show was the walu in tosazu sauce - the best-cooked whitefish I have ever had, in a vinegary and savory broth that I wanted to drink with a straw.The lobster carpaccio was also a hit with my fiancee, a crustacean nut who gobbled it down happily.  The cilantro was used liberally, which didn't mind me but could be off-putting to those who think it can overpower dishes.The only dish that I would not have ordered again was the eggplant skewers.  The eggplant itself was nice and meaty, with a good char, but the sweet miso sauce was just way too sticky and sweet for my taste - going with a less sweet, more spicy drizzle (and using less of the sauce) would've made a world of difference!If you want to splurge with a date in Vegas, make a reservation and be clear you want to get a seat by the window (or outside if it is nice).  They have unparalleled views of the fountains at the Bellagio, and you can get one of the lightest, tastiest meals in Vegas.  Of course, your wallet will also come out lighter too, so perhaps best enjoyed after a lucky day at the slots/blackjack tables!
2	Love love love the big eye tuna pizza....I don't remember anything else. Service was awful...I don't like when you ask if I'm sure I want to really pay 5 bucks for fresh wasabi n look like your surprised...I'm ordering it so bring it.rude. our server came around once in a while, never asked if we were ok or needed anything else...maybe i wanted to order more...oh well...ill do take out next time
4	I have to ding a star for service, but other than that we had a great time.  The Big Eye Tuna pizza is insane, and the yellowtail serrano sent my taste buds on a whirlwind.  MORE PLEASE.Too bad it's so pricy, but what can you do?  It's quasi-fine dining at the Bellagio, it's going to hit you in the pocket.We did get the fabulous table with a window viewing the fountains at night.  Breathtaking!  We couldn't hear the music, but that was the only downside.The server was super sweet to me, and some of the people I was with, and straight-up ignored one of my best friends.  I hate to make assumptions, but my friend who was dressed the most plainly (no shiny colors, no glitter, no faux hawk, no bling) got zero attention.  Ordered a drink, never got it.  Had to actually call the waiter back to order food.  Inexcusable.
2	Decent food but poor, poor service from start to finish. We went with a group of 8, and they  started the meal by telling us that there was another party coming in two hours and we needed to make sure we were done by then... what the?!@?! Then, the server said he "recommended dining family style" and when we told him we'd like to each order separately, he responded by saying he "wasn't allowed to write seat numbers next to the orders" so they'd all have to be delivered to the center and we'd have to sort it out... what the?!@#$#?Then, the completely forgot to fill one persons order, so he sat patiently while we all *finished* our meals, and then he was served. To Yellowtail's credit they comped his meal, but it still ruined it.There are so many options on the strip, that a restaurant that makes so many mistakes just isn't worth it.
4	So if I can be frank, I think I liked this place. Allow me to explain...Bottomless mimosas at brunch followed by champagne all day (and I do mean all day), meant I wasn't my most coherent at dinner. I ordered the non-fried chicken option and proceeded to eat it with chopsticks. I loved it at the time, but then again, I probably would have loved anything that sobered me up a bit. What I do remember, however, is how damn expensive this place was. I did not love that. I'd give this place 3.5, but I like to round up, so there you go.
5	I've eaten here 3 times and all 3 times I was very happy with the meal. The first two visits were just normal dinners, a little pricey but I felt like it was worth it for the food/ambiance/experience. My most recent visit was a little ridiculous because my friend is a pretty big gambler so our group of 5 had an extremely extravagant meal thanks to him. The best part was that we literally tried just about everything on the menu. Our flight got to Vegas at 9, we were at our villa by 915 and we called and asked for 36 oysters to be ready for us because we were starving. When we arrived they sat us right away and had the oysters ready in minutes! They were so delicious we ordered a second batch. All the sushi was fresh and delicious (you can see in the pictures I posted), the lobster was really amazing (I actually don't even like lobster to begin with so I was pleasantly surprised when I was going back for seconds) Even the lobster tempura was good, it literally melts in your mouth. We also had the most AMAZING bottle of wine. It was $1700, so normally we would never but since it was on the casino's dime, why not? I think it was called the Montrachet (I posted a picture of the bottle incase you wanted to try it) but it was the most expensive white wine they had. We also tried one of everything on the desert menu, I'm not too crazy about sweets but the ice cream was pretty bomb. It was a fun experience, honestly it is overpriced and pricey but you're in Vegas at the Bellagio so what do you expect? It's got a killer view if you're seated near the balcony so go let loose and have some FUN!
5	Absolutely fabulous! I loved the spicy ahi tuna! the oyster sauce over the tuna mixed in perfectly. It's a little pricey, but hey. It's on the strip so ya get what ya pay for!
5	OMG, sushi will NEVER be the same anymore after you've eaten here.  Everything is like GOLD.  My favorite is their Rock Shrimp Roll.  It's so bomb!  We always finish the night off with Chocolate In a Cup.  I swear, it just melts in my mouth.  Great -___- my mouth is watering just thinking about it.   Anyways, this is high quality, top-notch Japanese food.  It's a MUST have whenever I visit Sin City.
4	Four stars for the fish. Let's hear it for the fish! That's all I've really got to say here, but I will probably write a lot more because as a lady friend of mine just recently said, I am long winded. What is that supposed to mean, exactly? I talk too much, I write too much, and I am awesome at underwater gameplay? Well, duh. To all three.I ordered a usual array of rolls, nigiri, sashimi, and beverages. I suppose in a restaurant review you would imagine I would give you more details, but in response to that, I would say that you have quite the active imagination, as I am not going to give you any more details and you will have to just deal with that. Boom.We sat at the bar and our first server aka bartender was so inattentive that the other bartender just stole us from him without even trying. He kind of looked like a mentally challenged version of a celebrity that I can't remember ... I think it was Rupert Everett. If you come across that guy, or a guy that remotely resembles him, or in fact, if you are ever served by someone who looks mentally challenged, well, maybe you can expect the same time of service.The girl we got after he wandered into a corner and couldn't find his way back to the bar was very good. I stole a paper coaster. Father please forgive me for my trespasses.
5	Just imagine this, sitting on a beautiful balcony of the Belagio overlooking the fountain show and enjoying extraordinary sushi - the sauteed lobster and big tuna pizza are just two the award winning menu items.  The service was fantastic, ask for Keith if you want a great evening (even if he is a Raven's fan)Will definitely be back many times
2	I love sushi, and this place is not for the connoisseur.  I will admit the location out on the patio to view the fountain show can't be beat.  The Essence (cucumber martini) is superb even at 20.00.  The side order of mushrooms is also very good as well and the tuna pizza.  Other than that don't waste your money unless it's all comped.
4	We were a part of 6 last fri. night.  We all probably ate the best sushi of our lives!   Their Toro Sushimi was like dessert!
2	Super small portions, for a lot of $$. We had two courses each and were still hungry afterwards. Shared plates aren't enough for a single person. I was very disappointed, on top of being tiny, it was absolutely nothing special about the food. Very average food, extremely small portions, a lot of cash.Poor to mediocre service.
5	Sushi has been ruined for me forever after eating here. Nowhere in California will ever match the quality, creativity and taste of what Chef Akira Back has created.Do not leave here without trying the Big Eye Tuna pizza. In fact, even if you are not planning on eating dinner here, have a cocktail and this as an appetizer, you will not regret it.You might want to shy away from sushi with, wait for it...pop rocks in the "popping spicy crab" roll, but don't be scared! It comes out popping loud enough for you to hear. The flavor it brings to the roll is unmatchable. The service is stellar.I recommend having a pre-dinner cocktail upstairs at Hyde. Enjoy the view before you enjoy an unforgettable meal.
5	What a BEAUTIFUL restaurant! High Class Place.  Sushi was Fresh and very Delicious. i tried the Tuna pizza Appitizer and WOW the Flavors were incredible! Great view for the water show also highly recommend
5	I can honestly say that eating here was one of my favorite experiences of my most recent Vegas trip.  If you're gonna eat here, do it right.  Get a table outside on the Terrace.  There is no better view in Vegas of those Bellagio fountains and the strip in general.  It's relaxing, it's beautiful, it's romantic, just great.  The service is as friendly as you can find.  Our waiter was constantly checking on us and making recommendations.  We started with the garden salad which was good but the dressing was a little saltier than I expected, I think I was just prepared for something sweeter based on the smell.  I love that they bring you two different types of edamame.  The original style with salt, and a spicy/sweet marinated type.  Both were great.  The sushi was very fresh... I only wish i would have had room to try their amazing sounding current specials.. I assumed I wouldn't get full so fast!The drinks are soo tasty... and at $20 a piece, they better be! The essence is by far the best.  If you're outside in that vegas heat, the essence is the perfect drink to cool you down.
3	I came to Yellowtail for dinner after my conference ended at Caesar's.  We were looking for a place to accommodate 5 people with varying levels of hunger.Overall the food was actually pretty good (shared edamame, we all got different types of sushi, and my client also got gyoza).  They made a decent Old Fashioned.  The sushi rolls were SMALL--way smaller than anything I've gotten here in Boston, but the sushi quality was surprisingly good.Overall service was pretty slow, but that's kind of what you get in Vegas.  A decent place for dinner, but I probably wouldn't go back (seeing as there are many other places to try that might be better).
4	I'm having trouble separating Vegas from Yellowtail, but I'll try my best...The food and ambiance were nice, the service was just eh.  We started with some sparkling sake with blueberry puree.  It was actually really good, seemed like an odd combination at first, but clearly they know more about these things than I do because it worked quite well.  The sweet chili sauce on the edamame was all very good.  The sushi wasn't anything special.  It was good, but nothing I'd go out of my way for.  The dining room was very pretty and the ambiance was nice.  It's Vegas, if they can't make you comfortable in a restaurant then you're in the wrong place.  Considering the prices you're paying I expect a comfortable dining experience.  Overlooking the Bellagio fount is a nice addition to a dinner.  I have a hard time calling anything in Vegas "romantic" but I suppose this should be deemed a romantic restaurant.  Seems like the place was crawling with staff, every direction you look there's a server or hostess descending on you.  It was a little on the annoying side, but the food and drinks made up for it. Overall, it was pretty good.  If you're looking for good sushi on the strip Yellowtail is a good place to start your search.
1	I suppose when I saw the "bigeye tuna pizza" as being the best dish at this restaurant I should have figured it would be subpar sushi joint.  I have no idea why this place gets so many good reviews but I guess with Vegas being a big tourist area most people reviewing this place have no clue what good sushi tastes like...especially a reviewer that states there is no place better in California!!? I live in Southern Cal and some of the best sushi I've had has been in the LA area i.e. Sasabune, Mori etc. But I'll simplify to specifics:Service:Sucks...lots of staff running around serving people with way too much money and food takes forever.  Sushi:We tried the bigeye tuna pizza and I guess it was decent...nothing to call home about. As for the sushi...I never knew they could cut sushi so thin and charge so much money.  I don't mind spending money on sushi but throw me a bone and at least make it hearty!? I can't believe they call themselves a sushi joint. I guess Bellagio can get away with charging that much for people that don't want to leave the hotel. The rolls were tiny and mediocre tasting. Usually my wife and I are fighting for the last piece but at Yellowtail we were fine leaving the overpriced food.Ambiance:I kept reading about being sat by the fountains which is why I chose the place. But the first thing you see on the site "patio seating is very limited and you are not guaranteed a spot" Well figures...when we walked in it was packed and we got seated in the middle area which basically defeated the whole purpose of us eating there. It's basically a club that serves sushi.Summary:A white washed sushi joint for people with too much money.  Lesson learned...Vegas is not the place for sushi...should have listened to the other reviewers. I wish I would have spend my time and money at a restuarant like Joel Rubichon or Bouchons or even just the buffet.  Won't go back. I spent $190 for an appetizer 2 drinks, a couple rolls and a couple pieces of mediocre sushi. I have to give it one star of the cost of food and not meeting our expectations.
4	It's trendy and a bit louder than I'd have liked, but conversation was possible. We had the seven-course Omakase, where you put yourself in the chef's hands, and he didn't fail us. Standouts were the tuna pizza with truffle oil and the teriyaki kobe beef shortribs, which were really tasty without being too rich.
5	4 words: Big. eye. tuna. pizza. Holy cow, this is a fabulous dish.  It is listed under the "Shared Plates" part of the menu but I can guarantee that on my next visit, I am getting one of those suckers all to myself.  Maybe two.  It is that delicious.  My husband had tried it before and was raving about it ever since, so I tried to manage my expectations, but he wasn't exaggerating, it is that good.  I am not even going to bother describing it, because no description would do it justice.  It is just a flavor explosion in your mouth.  Period.  I am quite serious about ordering two for myself next time.  One to start and one to finish my meal.  In between I will order the Uni Sushi again, and the addition of the quail egg, really put these 2 pieces of sea urchin sushi over the top.  The baked crab roll is also fabulous.  My husband and I shared it, and I may just have to get an order for myself next time because the crispy onions, spicy aioli, in the soy paper was fabulous.  I was literally "mmmmm"-ing after every bite.  We also ordered the Popping Spicy Crab just because it is such a unique dish that we had to try it at least once.  Not only was this meal a pleasure for the senses of taste, smell, and sight...it was quite an experience for the ears too.  When the dish was placed on our table, you could hear the pop rocks popping away.  It was actually quite tasty.  Who knew that the sweet and crunchy pop rocks would be a great compliment to the spicy crab? Chef Akira, obviously.  My husband's favorite seafood is scallops and so we had to order the Seared Diver Sea Scallops, and it was seared perfectly and accompanied by a mustard potato puree.  It wasn't my favorite, but my husband loved it.  Fine with me, because that just meant more room for another order of uni.  From start to finish, I had a smile on my face.  With a fantastic view of the Bellagio fountain show and a tall glass of Asahi Black, I was in heaven.  The service was impeccable.  I highly recommend that you ask to be seated in Roberto's section if you want amazing service.  I was quite pleasantly surprised with this meal.  For years, I have walked past this restaurant in the Bellagio, not giving it a second look.  But, from now on, I will be salivating every time as I imagine the big eye tuna pizza.  If they were open for lunch, I would be there right now.
1	Although good food, everything else is terrible. I was willing to put up with bad service until I was denied service at all... TWICE! ok, Yellowtail is off my list! Good luck, hit it right and it's great, hit it wrong and you'll never come back...
5	Worth a trip for the crab tempura!I love the Bellagio and I really think this is the best restaurant inside the hotel. It is very loud but you feel like you are in the center of everything. If you are lucky to get a table out front, the people watching doesn't get better. We must have had a lot of sake because that is all I remember...
5	Big Eye Tuna Pizza...best ever. Put bring your $$$...
4	Wonderful! That's the world to describe our experience at this restaurant. It is very pricey, but the quality of the food and service is just wonderful!
4	Lets walk through from the beginning. We had a reservation for 9:30 pm. We showed up precisely at 9:30 and checked in, were asked to give them a minute and please go to the bar if we wished. We waited a couple minutes for a place at the bar to open up and then ordered a drink. We sat and watched as walk ups were seated before us, including a couple of girls who walked up and hugged the hostess and were seated immediately. While I am not too stupid to understand that some people "deserve" to be seated immediately, it was disheartening seeing walk-ups get seated before us. I guess I wouldnt have a problem if they said they dont accept reservations, but they do, so I didnt understand the point of having one if it took 20-25 minutes to get seated.So with that negative, lets say a positive. Our servers was perhaps the best server Ive had at any restaurant, high end or otherwise. I believe his name was Nick. Just wanted to give a shout-out because he was that good. We never ask to speak with management, but made sure we did this time to put in a good word for our server.So, the food. It was good, and some of it great. Pricey, but then again, we knew that going in.The yellowtail Serrano appetizer was outstanding. It practicably melted in my mouth. The Gyoza app was good, but nothing special.The edamame was good too, I mean, its edamame, how could you mess it up? I wasnt a fan of the sweet chile flavor, but the gf loved it. The japanese pickles salad was awesome!One of their signature rolls is the Popping Spicy Crab...it was ok. Seemed a little gimmicky, but wasnt bad. The yellowtail scallion roll was very tasty, as was the spicy tuna roll. I also had some scallop sashimi...it was very tender and had good flavor.Overall impression, it was good, but slightly over-priced. You pay for the atmosphere and to be at the "cool" place to be. Dont get me wrong, the food was good, and I wouldnt hesitate to go back again, but just be warned you arent going to be absolutely blown away with some new type of sushi. You are going for good sushi (better than 90% of places), and for the atmosphere with outstanding service (once you get seated).
4	Creative fois gras dishes and fresh yellow tail tuna sushi pieces are delectable. Fantastic sake list. Excellent service from the friendly bartenders. Great place to eat dinner solo at the bar while reading and people watching. I'm not a fan of Vegas but when I'm here for work, this is easily my favorite place to eat and chill.
3	Came here on a Saturday night at around 8. My party of 7 was seated immediately with no reservation which was pretty cool. Overall it was a good experience. The edimame appetizer was really good. You get one bowl of sea-salted ones and one bowl of them in a sweet chili sauce which was awesome. For my entree I figured 2 rolls would be enough since the waitress said you get 6-8 pieces. Well she was correct, however the peices are VERY small considering the $12-18 price tag. But the sushi was good - I had a spicy tuna roll and the unagi (eel). Probably wouldn't come back here given the extensive dining options in Vegas and how rarely I'm able to make it out there, but don't let that stop you from going.
5	Everything in Vegas is pricey...Get over it, you are in VEGAS.The scallops were OUTSTANDING, the duck warm app was fantastic and the roll was fresh and flavorful..The food was great but what made the night was our server Thio. He was awesome!!! Gave great suggestions as to what to order and conversed with us for most of the evening. For sure a place that we would return next time.
3	Great drinks. A bit pricey tho =\
5	Theo rocked. The view over the water rocked. The company rocked. The food rocked.Why didn't we sit outside? Next time!
4	The sushi here is good but not for sushi purists. The draw to Yellowtail is their creative soon on sushi. If you like roils and interesting takes on the japanese classic then try it out. If you're looking for authenticity in japanese cuisine or are more of a nigiri or sashimi type of person there are places more fitting.
3	We've eaten here many times and it doesn't disappoint.  Favs: Tuna Pizza (OMG), Rock Shrimp, popping crab roll, Edamame in the chili sauce, basically any special of the night.  The cocktail with cucumber was AWESOME!  3 complaints: Sake menu is pretty unfamiliar for most people, and the very nice girl who helped us by making recommendations only pointed out extremely expensive bottles, like $250+... ummmm... no.  So we felt like douches because despite everything she suggested, we chose an $80 bottle because that's more reasonable for us... to us, it's sake.  It's not Opus One.  Some people might disagree, but I just wish her suggestions were a bit more varied. Secondly, the seating is too close together.  The tables where we were seated are all situated along a bench, and you sit THISCLOSE to strangers right next to you.  It makes for an uncomfortable dinner, because I didn't feel like I could talk to my husband freely without feeling like everyone was listening in to our conversation.Lastly, when you order lots of small plates, I expect the server to stagger them so that you receive one or two, and then you get a break between.  This is the way our meals have always been at Yellowtail in the past.  This time, our table was suddenly loaded down with all 4 of our choices within maybe 10 minutes time (or likely less).  We felt very rushed and not relaxed at all.  That part sucked.If the service had been a bit better and we hadn't been jammed in with strangers, this rating would be much higher.  The food itself and the atmosphere is amazing.
5	Great service and food. Share the plate sand you can try many different things and no leave overly full. Try the edemoni as they have some in a chilie sauce that was just great. I enjoyed our meal. Be water the drink bill can be higher than you food bill..
5	This beautiful, modern, Japanese restaurant situated inside of the Bellagio hotel offers a wide variety of cold and cooked dishes on the menu, all of which are geared towards sharing.  The soft shell crab was delicious and so was the yellowtail roll.       For a refreshing cocktail, try the Sunset.  It is made with grey goose, blood orange pure and yuzu.  For something sweet and bubbly, the sparkling infused blueberry sake is amazing.  This restaurant is just as good for large groups as it is for a small intimate dinner.  But if you would like to take advantage of its location overlooking the famous fountains on the eight acre lake, make sure to request a table by the window or even outside on the patio.
5	HONESTLY, THE BEST MEAL I'VE HAD IN VEGAS.This restaurant is simply AMAZING. I came here for my birthday dinner. I expected to pay a lot, but I didn't expect the food to be this good!The decor was just in my taste, gold, warm colors, dimmed lights - just a romantic, pleasant atmosphere. Tables aren't too close together, so we had our privacy. LOVED IT!THE FOOD IS EXQUISITE! I was extremely happy with EVERYTHING we ordered.Big Eye Tuna Pizza - simply delicate and delicious. The truffle oil was an amazing addition.Baked Crab and Rock Shrimp Hand Rolls - delicious and tenderMadlon Sea Salt and Sweet Chili Edamame is a MUST - a very nice twist to edamame!Sake was good as well!The SERVICE WAS SUPERB! Our waiter was pleasant, cooperative, and attending without hesitation. He was very helpful with any unfamiliar items on the menu.  He truly deserved a big tip!The bill was a bit pricier than what I usually pay for Japanese, however, it was worth it. Plus for the Bellagio, the prices were considerably cheap!All in all, this is a must for a nice Vegas dining! You will not be disappointed. I'm definitely making another reservation soon!
5	Very nice elegant dining experience. Service was excellent. If you visit here you MUST try the popping spicy crab it was excellent. I also ordered the California roll but it was average and not worth the price. Sticking to traditional cuisine I ordered Sake as a drink, it came in a cool looking possibly bamboo cylinder and was good and smooth, but at around $45 it was only worth the price to share among the table.
1	#epicfail #foodie Sat at the bar and wanted to test the sushi. I ordered slices of Tuna (Maguro) sashimi and the fish turned out to be rather fishy, red flag alert for bad sushi. I'm highly doubtful at the skill of a sushi chef who would let bad sashimi pass in front of a customer. If you've ever watched Jiro Dreams of Sushi, you would agree that you should not serve something that doesn't initially pass your chef's quality of taste. I'm sorry, but I'm never coming here again.
3	Don't go here expecting the best sushi you'll ever eat, but go here and sit on the patio if you want a great view the fountains (you'll be so close you'll get hit by the spray at the end of each performance, but it's not bad at all).The sushi is just okay, a little pricey for what it is, but beer & wine selection was pretty good.
4	Great sushi place located at the Bellagio this is ideal place to have dinner before you go and party at the Bank just opposit
4	We went early in the evening a few weeks ago and found the service impeccable and the food delightful.  The Shashimi was very fresh and well presented, but the mochi ice cream was a wonderful surprise.
4	I'm not really a big sushi fan but this place is pretty awesome! Definitely get the rolls with the pop rocks. You won't regret it!
5	I visited Yellowtail with colleagues. The service was outstanding and the food was superb. Don't miss the tuna pizza and fried Alaskan king crab. If you're wanting sushi, definitely go with the shrimp tempura specialty roll!
4	We had a nice light dinner here. I did have a spicy tuna roll because I wanted something basic and it was good and not THAT overpriced. I liked that I could substitute brown rice. We shared the king crab appetizer which was delicious and had these yummy little tiny jalapeno peppers. And, because I needed veggies, I had a side order of Brussels sprouts and I would highly recommend these. Very light and tasty. I had wine by the glass (sauvignon blanc) and the service was good. It was also easy to get a reservation.My main complaints are that it was really loud and really dark. Maybe it's because I'm getting old but I could hardly read my menu and it bothered me. In any case, I'd come here again.
5	So good!! Will go back soon!!
5	Great place for dinner! The sushi was great! A must try is the "popping spicy crab"! Very unique and extremely good.  We had a large party and ordered most things off the menu to share. Everything was "stunning" and service was excellent! Atmosphere is perfect for a date night.  Definitely will visit again when in Las Vegas!
4	Yellowtail was everything our disastrous experience at "Carnevino" was not. The food at Yellowtail was actually good, the atmosphere was breathtaking, and the service was top notch. Yes it was expensive, but we actually ordered enough food that we were full! So I did not mind the higher price tag. And still I spent less than the horrible "Carnevino". Biggest props goes to their service. Our waiter was so attentive and friendly I left him a slightly larger tip than usual. First class all the way.They also accommodated us by sitting us right up against the windows so we watched the fountain show about 7 times. Beautiful!2 appetizers, 2 entrees, wine, dessert and more for much less than we spent at "Carnevino" + a great experience watching the fountain show.I'd definitely come back to Yellowtail!
5	Fantastic view, great quality sushi.
2	Only thing good at this place is the tuna pizza everything else is mediocre . Service was terrible .. Our waiter Michael was awful and would disappear who knows where . Even his fellow coworkers would have to go out and find him and he could not be found anywhere.  When he did finally show up he would forget what we ordered and forget to put it in .. Not very knowledgable either about menu . Awful experience and waste of time and money .. Go elsewhere .
5	Pricey, but fresh.  I had just about everything here and my favorite dish are Kobe Beef Tataki, Big Eye Tuna Pizza, Sashimi Platter, Shikoku Octopus with Cucumber and Jalapeno, and baked crab.  Great service and fountain view.
5	Great sushi, excellent service and breathtaking view. One of the best restaurant in town.
5	4.5 stars, rounded up-- mostly for the fact that their service has been the cream of the crop in Vegas every.single.time. Along with this, the restaurant is very hip and trendy yet maintains a beautiful and almost addicting ambiance. I've now visited Yellowtail on 4 separate occasions, all very impressive. As aforementioned, their service is truly top-notch; At times I felt that there were anywhere between 3-5 wait staff members assigned to our table; on one occasion, we had 7 different members visit our table. However, none of this was overbearing to the point where our party felt uncomfortable or "too" helped, if that makes sense. Perfect balance. Also, I'm a water snob, and my water glass was never less than half-full. Wheeee.Some patrons have docked stars because Yellowtail is so expensive. Well, I can't blame them, as I almost docked a star because of its price tag. I try to reason that "it's Vegas, and everything is overpriced, and blahblahblah *insert the voice of the teacher over the intercom in Charlie Brown / Peanuts.*" Anything to assuage the bill's amount....riiiight? A few of our favorite items include: --Big Eye Tuna Pizza ($26): Quite the delectable item, but make sure that you don't mind truffle oil! The oil is strong but brings out some additional nice qualities of the tuna sashimi. All served on a crisp "pizza" crust, this appetizer is best split between 2-3 people. --Tempura Alaskan King Crab ($23): My mouth waters just thinking of this...nom nom nom. Tender pieces of fresh king crab with just the right amount of tempura battering. Served with some shaved serrano (think like bitter jalapenos) and a delicious sweet ponzu, we make sure to get this each time. A great starter for 2-4. --Cucumber Salad ($8): Probably their most basic menu item besides the miso soup, but the bountiful, thin shavings of cucumber mixed with the delicious sweet/vinegary liquid makes this something we always crave. --******Baked Crab (or Rock Shrimp) Hand Roll ($10): This is probably my family's favorite little dish at Yellowtail. My mom always cracks me up when she says that "we need to order the little burrito things!" May seem a bit funny, but these really do resemble mini burritos. We love both variations of the hand roll-- I personally prefer the crab-- and we once got carried away and didn't realize that our party of 8 had ordered 10 of them until the bill came out. Sorry we're not sorry..? I'm sure our waitress loved us that night. --Popping Spicy Crab ($17): If nothing else, this is worth a try. Very unique with the pop rocks embedded in the roll. --Shrimp Tempura ($14): Extremely basic, but tasty nonetheless.TIP: Their specialty cocktails are good, but for $20, I'd rather stick that into a video poker machine, test my luck, and tip the cocktail waitress for 2-3 premium drinks. Overall: Yellowtail keeps us coming back with its impeccable service, unique ambiance, and fantastic flavors.
5	Arguably one of the best restaurants I have ever been to!I would recommend the tuna pizza and your variety of sushi
4	Happy Bday to me! A friend took me and the family along to indulge ourselves into this exquisite experience of...OMG delicious eats.  I really was begging them to stop because I couldn't eat any more food.  The appetizer that you must try is their Big Eye Tuna Pizza, mmm it was drizzeled with Truffle oil.  Oh my that was yummy.  I also got to sample the rock shrimp, and the Duck Prosciutto.  I love proscuitto, but the duck prosciutto was a bit on the saltier side, but again, it is duck.  Oh another that was delicious was the kobe beef tataki, man that literally melted in my mouth. Oh My, my tummy just started growling for that.  LOL, I don't think I can finish this review without re-living the experience again.For some sushi we tried the Popping Spicy Crab roll, a favorite that my brother enjoyed.  I devoured the Toro sushi, what was in the platter, went all in my tummy.  We had a platter that had a variety of fish.  If you are eating here, I don't have to go in details of what I ate, but you won't be disappointed.  Toro, for sure, that was a must for sushi. Okay seriously, I am not done.  We still had more food to be served.  Main courses brought on the Kobe Beef Flat Iron and Jidori Chicken.  They both were cooked to perfection, the yummy goodness that melted in your mouth had me saying MmmMm, so good, but so full, I can't even eat more of it :(.   For dessert we finished off with a ginger flan and chocolate lava cake paired with lychee sorbet.  I mananged to get at least a bite out of both of them, and they were yes, like the rest of my review, YUM. I can't wait to return, I'm coming back with an empty stomach.  The whole staff was very pleasant.  BTW, the seating of this restaurant also overlooks the water fountain, oh you know, just icing on the cake at this place. Thanks Yellowtail for this awesome experience in my mouth, my tummy thanks you!
5	AMAZING! Possibly the best sushi restaurant that I've ever been to! Be sure to try the Protein roll. It's $30 but when you taste it you'll be blown away. We started with edamame like we always do and were so pleasantly surprised to discover a new twist on edamame: they do a version that is a sugar chili paste. Sounds weird but it's soooo good! we had many dishes and everything was absolutely perfect. This is how fine dining should be.
3	It was average. Nothing wowed me... nothing disappointed me...
2	Food and service were excellent, but the techno music blasting in an endless loop made it almost impossible to have a conversation and forced us to rush through dinner, leaving with headaches. Maybe just not our scene, but won't be back.
3	Like many of the 'big' restaurants in the 'big' casinos the restaurants was a little longer and decor and image than its cuisine. Food was ok, but not great. Sorry.
1	For an upscale "Sushi" place, I was beyond disappointed.  I think getting sushi off the  floor would have been better.   For a $10 roll, you get something quarter sized.  I would highly suggest finding somewhere else to go.  The tuna pizza was so so for what they called a delicacy.  I can't believe Bellagio allows this place to stay.  They also charged me $2 extra to get avocado instead of  cucumber.  The piece of avocado in each roll was smaller than a pencil eraser.  Absolutely pathetic.  Go get some chicken fingers from the cafe, and you'll be much happier.
4	In three days, I ate Japanese A5 Kobe at three different restaurants, each prepared a different way.  While no particular one was better than the other, I was amazed at Yellowtail's preparation and dipping sauce.  When the plate hit the table, we looked like gremlins after midnight, devouring each piece like it was the last piece in existence.  Rewind to us waiting for our table and them trying to place us facing the smoky and noisy casino. No... $100 later and we're on the outdoor balcony facing the famous bellagio fountains.  That's more like it.  We ordered uni and we were presented with a small portion of nigiri.  After describing that we literally wanted a "pile of uni" on a plate, the waiter quickly returned with exactly that.  We scarved that down with smiles until more sushi came out.  I would say the fish was wonderful, fresh, and paced well.  It's not cheap, but it's great if you are in the mood to splurge or if you won some $ at the tables and have extra cash to throw around.  Enjoy!
3	Don't let the online menu prices fool you, its definitely very small portions, so you have to order 3x as much to get full. Our bill, with just 2 beers and 2 plum wines, came out to $460 for 4 of us.  The food was ok, we stuck to rolls and appetizers, and the service left a lot to be desired.  The kobe beef appetizer is at least worth trying.
3	Food was good but VERY pricey....don't go if you are extremely hungry.
2	I was disappointed as I expected much more from a high end Vegas venue like this inside the Bellagio. It was so dark that everyone in our party had to use their cell phone lights to be able to read their menus. The quality of the sushi/sushi-mi was adequate, but I've had better Sushi experiences in Colorado thousands of miles from the ocean. Very small portions for very high prices, so you have to order 3x as much. Made the mistake of taking our waiter's recommendation of the tuna "pizza" which was little more than some thin slices of tuna on a burnt 8" tortilla for $26. Saki prices STARTED at $30 for a tiny carafe and beers were $12 each for Sapporo and Asahi. Our bill, with just 2 beers 2 rolls, 3 two slice orders of sushi and the nasty Tuna Tortilla "Pizza" came out to just under $200 for the 2 of us. The food was ok, presentation was better, but the service left a lot to be desired. Later
3	At first glance, this place seems really affordable for great sushi in the Bellagio, but beware! The food portions are extremely small, nearly 1/3 the amount of what you would normally get at a regular sushi restaurant, resulting in having to pay 3x the cost! While the food was ok, the service was mediocre and prices sucked for the quantity you got.
4	My wife and I sat next to a window and watched the fountain show out front before watching Cirque du Soleil's O. Uni was as fresh as can be. Cannot emphasize that enough. Uni seems to be the most susceptible piece of sushi and anything more than a day old is garbage. They get it fresh daily here. Toro was tasty though not the best I've ever had. Service was excellent. The server pushed the tuna pizza hard and we ordered it. It was OK. I don't think tuna and truffle oil compliment each other. But between the fountain show, the service, and the uni, I would definitely return.
5	Well, we got back to Vegas and all last week I've been dreaming of the pop rock sushi at Yellowtail.  So, finally, we got our chance and headed over for dinner.  Well, the Popping Spicy Crab was great!  There is just something about the spicy flavors and the pop rock surprise as you eat it.... we ended up ordering more.  We had a few other things also, like the soft shell crab sushi roll which was good, but not special.   The Alaskan Snow Crab Tempura which was really good, the crab was tender and the tempura was crunchy, served in a bowl with a nice ponzu sauce, it was lovely.  We also tried the Big Eye Tuna Pizza, and it was good, I especially liked the truffle oil, it really worked.  The sommelier helped us pick out several different beers to go with the meal, we had fun with the Japanese beers she recommended.   All in all, a great meal.
3	Try to seat outside. Can't go wrong with sushi and the fountain show.Food is average to be honest.
4	I seem to keep rating these higher end restaurants in Vegas with a 4 star review and all I can say is that I thoroughly enjoy my experience there but am waiting for the best meal ever to hand out a 5 star in Vegas.  Yellowtail was not a contender for a 5 star but do no let that disuade you from hitting it up.  The food was VERY good and things like the edamame with sweet spicy chili sauce were new and very good to me.  I thought it interesting that they have a Nobu staple (popcorn shrimp in spicy sauce) on the menu.  I ordered 4 of these for the table and they were gone in 3 minutes (they should be eaten hot anyway).  I ordered more and they too were gone. We ordered some sushi rolls that were fantastic including the first lemon zest I have ever had in a Maki Sushi.  It was a special and tasted like a perfect summer happy hour roll.  So good...  Anyway the one guy that didn't like sushi was happy with his $50 Kobi beef.  Seaweed salad was fantastic and ample/fresh.  The Ahi nachos rocked too.  You will not be dissappointed here but bring money like at every non-buffet in Vegas.  Again, this place was built for the expense account.Cheers.T
5	Great service, great food, great atmosphere. Pretty great find in Vegas. Took my cheap a** friends here one night while we were in Vegas. They wanted to eat at Outback Steakhouse since they spent the day buying designer belts, but I was NOT down for that. I told them that this place had a steak too... a grown up steak.Anyways, I had the spicy tuna roll, the eel roll, and the surf clam sushi.Spicy tuna: just the right amount of spice. Had a great kick to it and the fish tasted super fresh. Also had some scallions thrown in there which heightened the flavor a bitEel roll: Pretty good. IMO it's pretty easy to mess up an eel roll by dousing it with sauce, but this was perfect.Surf clam sushi: Best surf clam I've had in awhile. Surf clam can be awfully tough and hard to chew, but this was great. Surf clam was tender and just the perfect consistency. Our server was amazing. He was very accommodating to my friends and I. Regularly checked up on us, topped up our drinks, and made sure that our table was spotless. My friends didn't want to admit that they had the best steak of their lives that night, despite the small portions, but I'll take their facial expressions at face value. It's really hard to find a non-gimmicky place in Vegas, but this was it for me. Loveee Yellowtail and I'll def be back soon.
4	service was on point and the view was fantastic!! the pizza sushi item is a must have.
2	yea not worth the money, not anything impressive. drinks were good. it wasn't bad but I've had better for less. the place just doesn't really feel comfortable. not a warm inviting atmosphere. and how many douche bags can a bar seat? apparently many at this location.
4	I came to Yellowtail, trying to continue the legacy of great sushi meals I have had in Vegas. I managed to do so, but I will say that we ended up ordering more "non-sushi" items than we had intended here, and that was fine.From their hot and cold plates menu, we ended up with four things. Our Bigeye Tuna pizza came recommended, and was quite good. The tasty thin sliced tuna was "glued" to flat bread with something - creamy, and neutral, maybe a creamy cheese? That particular ingredient wasn't listed on the menu. The whole thing was topped with drizzled truffle oil, which I frankly could have done without. The more I am exposed to truffle, the more I think the smell is offensive. It's too powerfully earthy, almost a rotting smell, to me at least, and while the taste is not as strong as the smell, it tends to overwhelm my nose, and thus my sense of taste. But this was still good, my anti-truffle campaign aside. The sliced octopus in jalapeno vinaigrette was...fine, but unremarkable. The octopus was tasty, but the vinaigrette needed some more punch. I didn't find much jalapeno in it.From the hot side of the menu, our tempura king crab was awesome - light batter, flavorful tender crab meat, tossed in a sweet/hot sauce. So delicious, and probably the highlight of the prepared plates. The seafood dynamite was also good, served in a cast pan with corn and mushrooms. Kind of an interesting take, with plenty of chunked seafood. Also worth ordering.For sushi, we ended up with their popping spicy crab roll - how can you resist a sushi roll with pop rocks? This is gimmicky, but also very good. I liked the crunch of the pop rocks (and the pop) along with the soft crab and crisp cucumber. Their spicy tuna roll was good - heavy on tuna, not just spicy mayo like I've had at some places. And the toro scallion roll had some of the best toro I've had to date. Super tender and flavorful. The scallions did not overpower like I thought they might.I also had my standard seaweed salad, which here is a mix of fresh and pickled seaweed, for a nice change of pace. Really enjoyable.Service was good, prices are...well, I'd say normal, but not absurd for Vegas. The restaurant looks out over the Bellagio fountain, so if you get a good table, you've got a great view. Even from the middle of the room, we found ourselves stopping conversation to watch the thing go off. Cliched though it may be, it's still really cool, every time I see it.Here's to another successful sushi meal in Vegas - 3 for 3. Of note, dress code here is "casual" for sure. One of us saw a man enter the bar wearing a bear costume (which included fake abs and a furry hat with bear ears) underneath a suit. So yeah. Wear those sneakers without fear.
2	This is my first Yelp review.  The poor value of a "meal" at this restaurant bothered me so much, it prompted me to join Yelp and share.  The eggplant skewers were good ($12).  We also ordered a spicy tuna roll ($13) and a roast chicken entree ($28).  Such tiny portions.  The tuna roll was a joke.  We stared at it for a good 30 seconds when it arrived.  The chicken entree literally came with 1 small carrot, 1 small piece of asparagus, and 1 pearl onion.  We do not have big appetites but the portion size here just did not justify the price.  Service was good but looked confused when we mentioned the portions seemed small in relation to the price.  So $53 for what amounted to some mediocre appetizers.  Poor value.  Nothing Special.  Sad that anyone would think this place is great.  There is so much more in Vegas and beyond that is better regardless of price.
5	yum
4	Very nice place, sleek with a mix of tourists and locals.  Of course its over priced for what it is because of sheer location but your in Vegas.  Sushi is very good and so are the cocktails.  Service can be slow and the wait can be long.
2	Overcrowded, overrated, overpriced tourist place in the Bellagio. Horrible, I mean HORRIBLE service.
5	It's a great feeling when you're treated like a VIP. My dad and I visited Yellowtail with a nice comp and we ordered quite a bit of sushi and rolls, not to mention a nice bottle of wine. The service was great and the environment was pleasant. I recommend trying all of the sushi dishes...it was too hard to pick and choose! Chef Akira has a great business here and I certainly recommend stopping by here for a bite.
4	Delicious and hip.  I was amazed at the quality of the service - a well-tuned machine that never missed a beat. You cannot go wrong here, but be aware of the $20 specialty drinks.
4	Top notch service. We were seated next to windows overlooking Bellagio fountains. Server was super friendly and knowledgable, as well as attentive. Bussers were friendly and attentive as well. The lobster ceviche roll is the only thing I don't recommend, but high regards for Dirty Vegas roll and the vegi tempura. The restaurant was mellow, but the bar was packed. The noise level was surpringly low due to the separation between the bar and dining room. Good place for everybody. Large groups had ample accommodations and other couples seemed to be enjoying themselves as well. Impeccable service and great food. Kinda pricy though.
3	My favorite part of experiencing Yellowtail was the bartender Kat.  She was really cool, friendly, and welcoming.  I'm a huge foodie so I was really looking forward to the eats.  The food in my opinion was a tad overpriced but it was what I expected coming to a fancy Bellagio restaurant.  But everything Was beautifully presented, GREAT plate presentation.  The sushi was fresh and tasted great so no complaints there.  Just be ready to spend a few bucks more for the same thing you'd get somewhere off the strip.  It was a really busy night because of some convention next door so the other staff members were a bit brash and rude.  Might go back for a cocktail but not in a hurry for the food or grumpy staff members.
3	Definitely not my usual price point for sushi... I'd rather go to a steakhouse or something for the same amount of money.  That being said, the ambiance was pretty nice.  The decor was dark and sleek, and our server was decent (he did forget to bring us tamari, but other than that, great).  We could also look out the window and see a little bit of the Bellagio fountain show, and it was neat to see it from inside the building.I also liked the sommelier.  She was able to take two different wine preferences (dry vs. "sweet!  I like Moscato!") and recommend something in the middle that would appeal to both types of palates (still a little too sweet for my liking, personally, but a good compromise).We shared the seared diver sea scallops ("mustard potato puree, cherry tomato").  These scallops were cooked very nicely and were garnished with a smear of the potato puree, which was too sweet, and a roasted cherry tomato.  The only thing was... there were two scallops.  They were 1.5 inches in diameter and had been cut in half so that there would be four pieces arranged delicately on the plate.  For $23, I think at least one more scallop would have been nice.Next up was the popping spicy crab roll ("cucumber, asparagus, pop rocks").  Umm, it had pop rocks in it.  How could we not resist?  This was really fun to eat and actually worked a lot better than I expected.We also ordered the unagi roll ("cucumber, sesame seeds, eel sauce").  Eel is always good and this was no exception.  These rolls were all a bit on the small side though.  Actually, I could have eaten the scallops and the rolls on my own, and then I would have been full.  But that would have cost me $50+.Overall, I wouldn't choose to come here, but this was a nice place for a group of friends to chill and drink some wine (marked up from $20 to $55).  Such is my experience with Vegas... I don't gamble.  Instead, I lose a lot of money whenever I dine out, haha.
5	A five star rating is well deserved! My experience from the moment of arrival was top notch. The staff was friendly and our waiter Theo V was attentive, helpful and super friendly. Sushi, cocktails and of course the view of the fountains was the best way to dine in Vegas.
4	We went here on a birthday splurge, per my moms raving recommendation of the food here. We sat in the back and were immediately greeted with steller service and recommendations. Appetizers:--  Seaweed salad: came with two types, one with an overwhelming oceanic taste and the other a salty and sweet clear green thin type found in most restaurants. I liked this one but the fresh seaweed was almost too powerful to handle. --  Cucumber salad: light and refreshing, they use some great white vinegar to enhance the flavor. Makes a great refresher in between complex dishes.--  Miso soup: the best I have ever had.--  Grilled Eggplant Skewers: one of my favorite dishes, this eggplant is cooked PERFECTLY, and has the best sauce I have ever tasted. It is like a caramelized miso reduction and if you like eggplant you need to try this. I think it was around $12 so for being the cheapest app on the menu it was by far the most memorable!--  Big eye tuna pizza: We tried this one because it won "best appetizer in LV" (according to our waiter). It was good but not spectacular. I will say that you will definitely taste the truffle oil. Also, the salmon was fresh. Not worth 26 though.-- Scottish Salmon Carpaccio - Another winner, fresh fresh fresh! The sauce (Yuzu Soy I think) was deliciousEntrees and rolls:-- baked crab hand roll : SO GOOD. THIS IS SO GOOD. I MEAN GOOOOOOOOD. If you like your sushi with a little oomph and cream sauces then get this. for 10 bucks it is well worth it!-- rock shrimp hand roll : I liked the flavors a lot, but the roll is a bit more of a dry one in comparison to the baked crab. **The paper that wraps these two rolls is unlike any other I have experienced, I would go back just to have this style hand roll again. -- california roll : tasty and standard, again aim for the more unique dishes here -- spicy tuna : not much more than tuna and rice. I liked that they were very spicy -- oysters - creamy and very goodDrinks: -- Lychee - This one was good but for $20 it wasn't great. There was a strange flavor to it that was not sweet, empty and unsatisfying. (It was too unusual to compare to something else though). I will give them points for strength, the cocktails most assuredly hit the spot. -- Essence - cranberry cucumber flavors, extremely refreshing and mild.Overall go here for appetizers and drinks, do not waste your money on an entire meal. We spent around $500 for 4 people in total. I will give it 4 stars because for as much as we spent, I was expecting each dish amaze me in some way or another.
3	The best part about this place is sitting in the cocktail area out front and people watching. It's perfect! Our food was pretty good (a bit pricey for the quality) and service was friendly and competent by the cute cocktail servers. It can get really crowded in the bar area, but the cocktail tables in the front are away from the crowds and perfect for eating a full meal at.
4	Great atmosphere for a Thursday night date or mid-week bachelor party for a half dozen guys to get down on some sushi! The dancing waterfall outside the Bellagio provides subtle entertainment, the sweet chili edamame is delicious and the smoothest sake nigiri I have had in a long time! Get an 8:30 reservation and ask for Michael to be your server, he's a pro!
1	Ya this place is cool because its at the bellagio but its way expensive.. we had 7 people and $500 later and several dishes later.. everyone was still hungry but we did not want to spend any more $ on food the portion size for an aunt.
4	Had a great time here!  Listen to Tatiana G and get the crab handroll.  It is a little more pricey but is worth it for a fun night out.  Music was fun and the atmosphere and view are very nice.
5	First Yelp review, fittingly. @TaylorSwift13 once tweeted "The best meal of my life. Yellowtail in Las Vegas, NV." I live in Las Vegas so I decided to visit Bellagio and try it. Accurate statement t-swizzle! I've been here at least 4 times; the most recent visit on 6/28. Attractive hostesses/waitresses, waitstaff team service is top notch, super friendly, and attentive. Every single time. Nice, classy atmosphere and clientele. Everything you should expect in a high-end restaurant business. Phenomenal food. All reasons why I keep coming back for more! TIP: Ask for a patio view table outside so you can watch the fountain show. One should be available if it's not too busy. It will enhance your dining experience even more!From what I remember, I've tried:-Big Eye Tuna Pizza-Kobe Beef Tataki-Popping Spicy Crab Roll (pop rocks and sushi..unique combo..i didn't come here for rolls, but this is a must try..i love it!) -Braised Kobe Beef Short Ribs-Kobe Beef Flat Iron-16oz Vintage Ribeye-Potato PureeEvery choice was amazing. I can't put into words how awesome each food item was. I could randomly choose any item on the menu and be confident that it would be of superb quality. Thanks Yellowtail @Bellagio, I am glad to be a return customer and will definitely be back!
4	Yet again, my evil coworkers plan dinner at a seafood place.  There is a bit of background here... during my Jan trip to LV, they planned a dinner at a sushi place in Cosmo knowing that I don't eat fish at all!  I eat various types of meat, chicken, beef, pork but no fish.  I got a text asking if I wanted to join everyone for dinner, of course I said "yes" before asking where they were taking me only to find out that it was Yellow Tail.  I'm sure for some, this would be a great treat since I'm told that Yellow Tail at the Bellagio has great seafood, for me it was a diet night.  I got to the restaurant bar around 6:30 and had a quick drink with everyone.  The bartender was very nice and they do have vanilla vodka, so I was happy with my drink.  We were seated shortly after and were quickly greeted by our server, he was very nice and attentive throughout the entire meal, he was great!So my very funny coworkers decided to order a Chef sampling, so I ate nothing due to the fact it was all seafood.  The server noticed my lack of food, he felt terrible and offered to bring me some cooked meat... we decided upon a filet cooked medium.  My filet arrived shortly after the order and I promptly wolfed it down in about 3min flat.  I have never been so happy to see cooked beef in my life.  The filet was ok, cooked well and topped with some sizzling teriyaki sauce.  It wasn't as good as Prime, but given that this is a seafood place, I was just glad that they had the option.I did try some cold Saki for the first time ever.  I was scared at first but it turned out to be very good and was nice to sip along with the meal. I would return here for the service and beverages without question.  Knowing that they do have cooked beef on the menu is a HUGE plus, I know I won't starve at least. haha
3	Good sushi, not the best in town... with exorbitantly expensive dishes. This is great when others are paying. Ambiance ok.
3	Yes I understand sushi is expensive but this was very expensive, like very.  The big eye tuna pizza was crazy good but the other sushi was average.
5	This place is expensive. But you get what you pay for. It was delicious with great service and very tasty food. The tuna pizza was fantastic!
1	$$$$$$$$$$$$$ Need i say more? I ordered a chicken breast dish. It was a half a breast and wouldn't fill a child. And they had the nerve to charge me $28 for that! Amazing. I don't care where I am, if i pay for a meal, it should be a meal. I am a grown man, 6'3' and 215lbs. I don't expect a buffet, but this place is a joke. Forgot my beer. Terrible sushi. I will upload the photos so you can see this joke in real time.
4	The food was perfect. Eaten several times, but the portions seemed to be getting smaller. The sashimi was very fresh.  The atmosphere was quite being in a casino hotel.  Must tries include the tuna pizza and the sushi roll made with pop rocks.
2	Way overpriced for the quality. I ordered a Toro Scallion roll, my wife ordered the Tempura Shrimp roll. Mine was 6 small pieces, my wife's was 8. Both were so poorly wrapped they fell apart picking up the first piece. We sent them back and had them remade. Both dishes tasted good, but could be outclassed in both price and taste by most supermarket sushi. The miso soup was better than most though. The only reason for the second star is because we were comped for the Toro Scallion. Some redemption, but I shouldn't have to send anything back for such an obvious defect.
4	They have some very tasty unique dishes here that are worth coming back.  The tuna sushi pizza is to die for.  I have eaten here four times and get it every time.  The yellowtail blood orange carpaccio is also very tasty.  Lastly, the king crab tempura with ponzu is also divine.
5	The most amazing sushi meal of my life! Come here ready to splurge, but know that it will be worth it. First off - the view of the Bellagio fountains is spectacular! Second - the service is absolutely incredible and Third - the food and drinks can't be beat. Definitely need to try the PopRocks Roll! We had several different small plates and they were all so tasty, but the winner was the roll that came with Korean BBQ Rib on top. They also have some craft Japanese Beers that were super delicious and the perfect ending to our meal.
5	The Ahi Tuna Pizza is out of this world! We came back a second time because it was that good. It is really more of a crispy flatbread with thinly sliced onions and a drizzle of oil covered in thinly sliced ahi. It was fantastic! The cocktails were excellent and the view of the fountains from the balcony is amazing. The edamame with sweet chili sauce was quite good as well. The pop-rock roll was very unique, but we probably wouldn't need to order it again. Yes, the food here is very expensive, but for such a unique experience, it was well worth it.
5	still my #1 Japanese favorite... Service is outstanding - view I the bellagio waters how is pretty awesome. Highly recommended.
3	Very rude waiter.... I couldn't believe it. My husband and I came there to celebrate him returning from a deployment and the waiter didn't even care to really mention anything. Also, the sushi was very delicious but wayyy overpriced. I would say I'm pleased I came here once to try out the food and that main fact that we had an amazing view of the fountain show at the bellagio-- but otherwise we will not be coming back here again.
4	Great food, Japanese beef, asahi super dry was great with sushi, small to medium selection and has a la carte sushi
5	Asked for a window seat and got a brilliant view of the fountains. Food was great, In particular the Tina pizza and tempura crab! Service was brilliant and atmosphere was great. Would recommend!
3	Underwhelmed by the food, good but not great. Cocktails however were delicious, a little pricey but expected at an upscale restaurant. The view of the Bellagio fountains were spectacular. We were able to walk outside on balcony and actually feel the water.
5	Always a great place for cocktails and apps before going to club or just meeting with friends. Love Chef Akira Back and his management team (Yoshi makes it happen). His culinary creations caters to everyone's palate. Highly recommend the braised short rib and tempura king crab.
1	A complete rip off!!!  Overpriced and undercut sushi/sashimi.  This restaurant is a complete joke.  Doesn't matter how much food you ordered, you just can't get full.  Dude...sushi is either fresh or not fresh.  Your sushi ain't made of gold.  So give up this almighty attitude that you are located in Bellagio and cut the damn sushi/sashimi the size for an adult and not some 3 year old kid.  Nothing cute about the size of your sushi/sashimi.  This restaurant tried too hard to be high end which will lead it to total failure.
5	Seriously one of my favorite places for sushi!!! But they don't just have sushi which I love :) it's in the Bellagio so of course you're going to spend money. So don't be such a cheap bastard and enjoy yourself!! Great service and the view outside is gorgeous!
4	My hater-ass first reaction to this place was, "Oh Gawd, here we go..." Dim lighting, loungey club music, chi-chi decor and hostesses in slutty stripper-style Mandarin-collared minidresses (because Chinese, Japanese...whatever). Light Group runs this place, and the atmo reeks of pretentious Vegas douche.But once the food started coming, the truth is...it turned out to be FUCKING AMAZING!! I'm not a sushi snob; I'll eat grocery store California rolls and be happy as a pig in shit. But even my undistinguished palate could tell that this was truly exceptional food. (Someone else paid...if I'd had to pay, I probably would cut off a star or two for it being overpriced and pretentious...as I am wont to do :-)My friend and I shared lobster carpaccio, the tuna pizza (!!!!!!!FABULOUS!!!), Japanese snapper (!!!!YUM!!!), octopus sashimi, duck prosciutto (shockingly AMAZING, and I hate duck!!), tuna tataki, some kind of crispy pork roll, and another sushi roll that had pop rocks mixed into the rice (sounds weird, but was AMAZING!!). Every single thing was exceptional, but the ones I marked with exclamation points were pretty much orgasmically good. We had some good desserts, too.It didn't hurt that everything was washed down with a sake flight featuring 6 different types of sake...plus a shot of some cucumber vodka cocktail they feature that was incredible. I'm giving this 4 stars instead of 5 just because I can't in good conscience give a place this full of itself 5 stars. But srsly... I will MOST DEFINITELY come here again in a HOT MINUTE...as soon as I find someone else to pay for it!! Until then, I'll see you in the sushi aisle at Trader Joe's :-)
2	My husband and I sat at the bar for dinner before we had to catch a flight. The food was overall good, but didn't justify the prices. I could eat at Kabuto for what we paid to eat there and still left hungry. We paid close to $300 for 2 people and I didn't even order a drink.The rock shrimp was really good, so we ordered another one which then came out soggy and also took awhile because the kitchen was backed up. Everything else was pretty standard with regards to the sushi we ordered. Overall, the food was ok but I don't think I'll return when there are so many other options in the city off the strip.
5	Couldn't pick a place to have an anniversary dinner so we decided on Yellowtail before coming to Vegas. Major plus - my bf's cousin is the sue chef and some old homies work there. So, they definitely took care and we had a delicious anniversary dinner!Fun atmosphere. Dim, romantic ambiance, but it's kinda loud. Definitely a 'must-go again'
4	Such an awesome place to Eat. After taking the Tram from Mandalay Bay to Excalibur, Getting lost inside New York, New York for 15 Minutes and walking all the way back from there to our Hotel (Planet Hollywood). I decided to come here for a Late Night Bite, located deep inside the Bellagio lies Yellowtail: a Japanese Restaurant that serves killer Food, with waitresses dressed in Miniskirts (but mainly this is about the Food). When I made the reservation I asked if I could have a Table overlooking the Bellagio fountains outside, but they said they were all taken (that was only negative thing about my Experience here, Other than that everything else was Spot-On) they were at least kind to put me close to the window (Close Enough). The reason why I wanted to come here was because of one Dish: Tempura Alaskan King Crab recommended by Beau MacMillan (1st Season Co-Host of the Food Network show: Worst Cooks in America and 1 of 15 Challengers to defeat Bobby Flay on Iron Chef America) on The Best Thing I Ever Ate episode (With Chopsticks). It came out and it was like layered like a Cake and When I went to take a Bite it was Awesome (The rich juicy Crab meat, the Crunch of the Tempura, you get Heat from the Serrano Chilies, Mildness from the Red onions, Smokiness from the Micro Cilantro, Earthiness from the Beets, some Crispness from the Shredded Nori and you get sweetness from the Ponzu sauce that they pour over just when its about to be served).To take the world's biggest and most expensive Crustacean and turn it into this is just Mind Blowing. I had that along with a bowl of Spicy Miso Soup and a tall glass of Blueberry-Infused Bonzai Bunny Sparkling Sake (Refreshing). Everything was Phenomenal The food, service, the people, I'll be sure to have another meal the next time that I'm in Vegas (Count on It)
5	My fav restaurant in Vegas. The marinated eggplant that they have here is definitely the best i've ever had. Delicious cocktails. Impeccable service.
5	Excellent restaurant, good service, great food expensive. Yesterday I spend 180 just for one person, but it was worth it, great carpaccios, delish sushi tuna belly is yummy
5	Great service. Ask for patio seating and you get front row view of the spectacular fountain show every 15 min. Tuna pizza is great and pop rocks sushi (the chefs mom got him to eat sushi by putting candy inside so this was the inspiration) is also a fun surprise in every bite. Chili edamame is yummy too. It's pricey but hey that's Vegas.
1	Being completely honest, I'm usually not a fan of "special events," guest chefs, or the dumbed-down truncated experience of "Restaurant Week" but at $26 (after a deep discount from the quoted $100) with friends already planning on attending Chef Akira Back's "Chef's Tasting" at Yellowtail I tossed caution to the wind...only to reconfirm all the aforementioned prejudices to a whole new degree, leaving the event after 2 hours hungry, a touch intoxicated, and $26 poorer albeit richer in friendships."Spend the afternoon with us at YellowTail inside the Bellagio Las Vegas overlooking the spectacular fountains. Enjoy extraordinary culinary selections from Chef Akira Back and libations provided by Wirtz Beverage.  Chef Akira Back has chosen to feature the Big Eye Tuna Pizza, Crispy Kalbi roll and his famous Baked Crab Hand Roll among other items.  Gulf Oyster Industry Counsel's amazing Oyster bar. Salty coastal waters produce the world's best oysters for the world's best chefs and restaurants, harvested today as they have been for generations.  Chef's menu will be paired with specialty reserved Sakes, Wines & Spirits provided by Wirtz Beverage and custom cocktails created by the mixologists from Hendrick's Gin and Tito's Vodka" as described on the website, the actual format of the event was a standing circus of confusion where "reserved" tables were fed full trays of food while the rest attempted to hunt down one of four circulating servers that were frequently mobbed and stripped clean at the doors where 'diners' gathered like a group of kids playing World of Warcraft sitting on a spawn spot.With booze of decent quality and the modicum of food equally competent a total of six mouthfuls of food plus three oysters were accrued by myself (one literally FROM a reserved table) during the course of the afternoon, probably justifying the $26 though certainly not $100 or the overall aggravation.  With no Akira in site and 'live music' that fell through for unknown reasons I can only assume that this 'event' was a money-grab intended to draw high rollers to The Bellagio or an attention-seeker for an outdated property hoping to generate new fans; both goals a miserable failure as we walked out in search of sustenance down the strip at Aria.
4	Want quick service with decent sushi? Yellowtail is the place for it. I loved the crispy rice. Oh and their edamame was awesome. It came in two different flavors and I absolutely loved the sweet chili one! Their miso soup was also pretty good. They had two or three different types of miso soups. I gave four stars instead of five because I didn't find any unique sushi rolls for me to try.Kumi is the sister restaurant of Yellowtail, and i gave that restaurant a 5 star! Definitely try Kumi
3	Dinner here before "O" and they happily recognize you're on a schedule.  Pulsing music makes casual conversation a bit strained.  Food was exquisitely prepared and very tasty.  Sake / wine / beverage sommelier was really over the top and an aggressive up-seller, not appreciated.  Service was sporadic and they forgot our edamame order.  Portions could be larger, but every bite is delicious. The quality of the food helped counterbalance the negatives.  If you can dine out by the fountains, be prepared for some misting... but an exceptional view!
5	Yellowtail is an exceptional restaurant with excellent food and incredible service. Some of the best sushi in the city. It has 1 of the best terrace views to watch the fountains at bellagio. The atmosphere was stellar and there were gorgeous people everywhere in the restaurant. A must try is the Kobe beef tataki, the big eye tuna pizza, and the Kumamoto oysters. The food was exceptional all around. I will def be going back sometime soon.
3	First time there for a light dinner before going to Hyde. They have an extensive Sake list to choose from and attentively keep your glass full. We shared the Gyoza and tuna pizza which were both delicious. We each got our own rolls and they were good but not spectacular. The service is awesome, very polite, professional and courteous. The prices are pretty high even for sushi. It's a good place to snack but not worth the prices for the entrees if you're hungry.
5	My favorite upscale sushi spot in town!Every time I go to Yellowtail I get the best service and best view of the Bellagio fountains.Some of my favorite items on the menu include things such as: 1) gyoza2) pop rock roll3) tuna pizza4) beef tatayki 5) lobster carpacioThese are just a few of the great items on the menu.If your looking for a great place for a date or upscale dining for your group.... Well then Yellowtail is the spot to be!
5	My first ever Yelp review!  Why Yellowtail?  Because this was the best meal I've ever had.  Period.I was lucky enough to have The Light Group as a client and was given total VIP treatment:  not only a comped dinner, but the best seats in the house on their balcony overlooking the Bellagio fountains  (other diners actually asked my friend and I if we were celebrities - extra points!)We were greeted personally by Chef Akira Back who offered to bring us all of his personal favorites on the menu and we were so glad he did.  Everything was mouthwateringly delicious but there are 3 must haves: Tuna pizza - don't ask just eat, it has truffle oil!  Baked crab roll - melts in your mouth better than chocolateTempura crab - why wouldn't you order that?!Extra tip - have the sommelier help you with sake pairings; she'll even tell you which ones are good for your skin!Cannot WAIT to come back here!
5	Simply beautiful. This place is super sexy. Started at the bar and the bartenders are on it. I was waiting for my guests as I arrived early for my reservation. The music was upbeat and trendy the staff was really good looking but knowledgeable - one might assume they are hired for their looks but every one here knows their shit. My guests arrived and we were promptly seated. Tai snapper, Tuna Pizza, this Octopus Dish with a green sauce (amazing), and some nigiri, and these king crab hand rolls ( my favorite) as well. Ok so they have a sake girl the know what you've ordered and recommends sake for you... BEST THING EVER!! We got WASTED LOL, in a good way. Great view of the Belagio fountains too.      It was a memorable experience. The place is expensive, but I felt it was worth every penny and want to go back for my Birthday this year. Great Job Yellowtail !!!
3	Yelps 365 Review Challenge - Los Angeles #17 - #365Overall, Yellowtail was, mehh...My Dad was craving some Japanese in Bellagio and Yellowtail was the only one that came to mind, plus the wait wasn't that long. I was craving sushi as well and I LOVE SUSHI! I really though this sushi place was worth the high price tag like in many strip hotels. The food was mediocre and had no WOW factor! We ordered:Big Eye Tuna Pizza*Micro Shiso, Truffle Oil * 26-Meh.. Nothing specialAnkimoMonkfish Liver Pate, Citrus Soy * 10-You can find the same quality in almost any other city Japanese restaurant*EdamameMaldon Sea Salt * 8-Just lovelySpicy MisoCrab, Negi, Wakame * 8-DelishShrimp TempuraCucumber, Aioli, Sesame Seeds 15-Was very rich and tasty, yet overpricedJapanese Yellowtail - Hamachi 14-Yummy ummy!Overall, I wouldn't eat here unless I'm not paying.
5	The best sushi on the Strip, period. Seriously worth every penny! The tuna pizza is to die for... The service was great and the ambience only enhanced our experience. This isn't a spot you go to often, but when entertaining people at a nice hotel on the Strip, this is my new go-to Japanese restaurant.
4	Great foodGreat service Great locationGreat cucumber martini - prob best drink I had in Vegas!!  True mixology at work here!
5	I really enjoyed eating at Yellowtail.  The menu provides many different options.  From raw sushi and rolls to hot dishes.  I ordered the popping spicy crab from the sushi side of the menu.  It was amazing!  They put pop rocks candy inside the roll!  From the hot side of the menu, I ordered the rock shrimp and the tempura Alaskan king crab.  Both were excellent.  Service was good.  The server was very knowledgeable about the menu and the food took no time to get to our table.  Another great bonus yellowtail offers is their outdoor patio.  The patio sits right on the water where the Bellagio fountains sit and every 15 minutes the fountains go on and display a spectacular water show.  Since I was with my wife, it made our time at Yellowtail very romantic and overall, I had an amazing experience!  I strongly recommend having dinner at Yellowtail if your ever in Las Vegas!
5	Very very good! The restaurant is very new and very modern and fancy and you have a great view of the bellagio fountains. Our waiter was great and super helpful. He asked if we had a show to see before hand so he knew of any time constraints which is thoughtful. He recommended the big eye tuna pizza and the tempera fried king crab. Both were amazing. They were actually on the food network for their crab. The sushi is very fresh and all the other food I had (rock shrimp tempura, Chilean sea bass, and ankimo) were all delicious. The restaurant is expensive, but the location is why. Food is great too. Would recommend going.
4	Went here after a conference and had a wonderful experience. There were five of us so we went all out. We ordered a ton of dishes and while the "signature" or special dishes were the BEST EVER, the spicy tuna roll (which I think is a pretty basic staple) was the only let down really.I tried the following dishes, and I have listed in order of how amazing they were:1. Yellowtail Serrrano - go figure, the yellowtail dish was the best dish at a restaurant named Yellowtail. Thinly sliced with jalapeno and cilantro, the worst part of this was it was 6 pieces and there were 5 of us... dilemma.2. Rock Shrimp Handroll - this was so yummy, I didn't even offer a bite to the others.3. Big Eye Tuna Pizza - I'm unsure why others don't like this... it was delicious and a perfect appetizer.4. Rock Shrimp / Tempura Alaskan King Crab - these were similarly prepared dishes but complemented each other well. When the Rock Shrimp would get a bit too sweet, the Alaskan King Crab balanced it nicely.5. Red Dragon roll - I only got one piece of this, but it was the best Red Dragon I've ever had. I think the others agreed with me as... you know... I only got one piece.6. Fillet Mignon Toban - sizzling and amazing. It comes out in a tiny skillet with the best mushrooms I've had in a while. The only reason it's this low on the list is because that is just how awesome all the other food was.Now, the last two are the only two that we didn't finish, or I wouldn't order again:7. Kobe Beef Tataki - maybe because it came out with the Yellowtail and just couldn't hold it's own. I really can't remember that much about it.8. Tempura Veggies - run-of-the-mill like the spicy tuna roll.I want to go back again and get a table by the windows so I can watch the fountains of the Bellagio while I feast on fish.
4	Trendy, trendy, oh so trendy. Yellowtail greets you with scantily clad exotic waitresses (this is Vegas after all) and you eat your small portioned Japanese gastro pub dishes while endless techno club music pounds in the background. While eating Japanese food in this manner isn't really my style, and holding a conversation at a table larger than two was rather difficult, Yellowtail did leave my tastebuds popping with pleasure from a few select dishes. One minus was that the food took a while to come out. It's a truly one of a kind place from which to view the Bellagio fountain show. They have a balcony you can watch from, and you're on the side of the Bellagio right up in the action - I could feel a slight mist from the shooting water!My favorites:Seaweed salad: The seaweed was fresh, with two different kinds, and the sauce was tangy and refreshing.Salmon and sweet shrimp sashimi: The salmon was a more expensive cut than you usually get, a darker orange salmon with more punchy flavor. I've had sweeter ones, but these shrimp were up there and fresh. The heads were fried to perfection, and you could eat 100% of the fried shell. Crunchy!Big eye tuna pizza: Now here's something innovative and unique. You're getting fusion cuisine at its best, with thinly slice tuna sashimi laid on top of thin cracker style crust, with truffle flavors and small garnish tying it all together in a savory finish. This was a wonderful surprise and really got my umami on. I loved the pairing of the truffle with tuna sashimi and the crunchy texture of the crust to offset the soft raw fish.Protein roll: We tried a few rolls and this was by far the head of the class. It's called the protein roll because there's no rice! A well seasoned seafood and fish egg mix is wrapped inside layers of fresh sashimi. The roll disappeared in seconds, and one of our party didn't even get to try a piece! Oops.Other things we tried:The Kobe beef tataki was pretty good; the texture of the raw beef was phenomenal, as it was fresh Kobe, and you could see the delicate marbling in the meat. However it seemed a waste to drown it in a soy sauce based sauce, with raw garlic slices as garnish, since they are both very strong flavors and high quality beef should be worshipped instead of overpowered.The Alaskan king crab tempura was apparently featured on Best Things I Ever Ate with Chopsticks. I thought that it was good, and the sauce was savory and tangy, but it didn't seem like anything special enough for a TV show. How could something fried like that be bad? Seems a shame for fresh crab.We tried some other rolls, but none else were memorable. The vegetable tempura was nothing special, the rock shrimp tempura had a mayo-y spicy sauce and was good, but like something from a seriously upscale Buffalo Wild Wings.
4	Great food and atmosphere, but abysmally bad service. It took over 45 minutes to get drinks (which arrived well after starters) and food arrived in an extremely staggered fashion so that a couple people in our party waited over 20 minutes for their food after the first plates arrived. Further, one member of our party never even got his order. Delicious food, embarrassingly terrible service.
5	Had dinner here Sunday night. Sushi is always top quality and great to pair with a good sake. Service was excellent.
4	We went for our anniversary dinner last week and it was quite pleasant. We both loved the food and service. We sat on the patio and got to watch the fountains about five times. The heat lamps kept us warm enough without jackets. If you want to sit on the patio, make reservations and go just before they open - it fills up fast.Our favorite dishes were the rock shrimp, duo of edamame, and most of the cold fish dishes. The sushi roll wasn't the best we'd had. I would highly recommend this place for a fancy night out.
5	I love Japanese food and this restaurant does not disappoint. Low lighting and a beautiful view of the fountains which give the room a great ambience. The waiters are wonderful, attentive and encouraged some great menu choices. The food is a modern take on Japanese cuisine with some unusual combinations that work so well. The stand out dishes for me and my personal favorites are the tuna pizza and the pop rock roll.  Overall Yellowtail is fantastic, the location in unbeatable, the food is phenomenal and the service completely blows you away. I will absolutely dine here again, and highly recommend to anyone who comes to vegas this is a must!
5	Yellowtail never disappoints!  My husband and I had dinner here on a Thursday night, and everything from start to finish was perfection.  The hostess and wait staff was all very friendly, and the server was extremely eager to help me choose just the right cocktail to have with my meal.For appetizers we had edamame, and it was a perfect portion for two people.  We then had various sushi rolls and sashimi, including the Pop Rocks roll - which is a MUST for any dining guest!  The sashimi was fresh and extremely flavorful, especially the tuna and hamachi.  We always recommend this restaurant to friends when they visit Vegas - it never disappoints!  :)
5	Great Meal, great service, best view your going to get in Vegas out on the patio. With the heaters it was warm enough in Feb to sit outside. I hope to return someday. big eye tuna pizza- the best. Seared albacore also the best Ive ever had and the Diver sea scallops all to die for. Ginger blossom drink is a must try
3	The tuna pizza and cucumber martini were the highlights.  Service just ok, but the patio overlooks the fountains so it's got some good views.
1	Moderate food and service. Highly over-priced.
3	I am not a sushi fan, the only place I eat sushi is at Takami in LA, but I tried. Ahh it wasn't that good and most importantly the prices are to high. Not worth at  all will never ever ever eat here again. If you have extra I mean extra extra money to trow away, then this place is for you.
4	we had a great dinner on Saturday night. The food is always presented in a unique way and this has quickly become one of our favorite sushi dinner spots. The service was good and the food great. It is a pricy place but we feel well worth it!
2	Arrived at about 9:20pm on a Monday night and was quickly seated. That was the height of my experience. The waitress promptly took my order and then I didn't see her again for 15 minutes. When I got her attention I reminded her that I was still waiting for a drink. 5 minutes later I got my drink. I waited another 20 minutes for the first of the  2 sushi rolls that I ordered.  I had the Filet Mignon Toban and Red Dragon. Both rolls were average and I was clearly paying a significant markup for location. The rolls came out about 15 minutes apart. Overall I was very disappointed with the quality of the dining experience and would not recommend for service or food.
1	Let me start by saying that if I could give no stars, I would after the "customer service" experience we had.  If you read any part of this review, read this:  GROUP FOOD POISONING AND HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE.I had been planning a really special bachelorette weekend for my best friend of 22 yrs for months and of course I wanted every bit of it to be just perfect as a wedding is a once-in-a-lifetime experience and arguably the most important time in a woman's life.We flew into Vegas from NYC on July 18, 2013 and wanted to have a big dinner and rest our first night before celebrating the following 3 days.  I chose Yellowtail as the Bellagio would be a change of scenery (we stayed at the Cosmopolitan which by the way is AMAZING), and because it is a 5-Star property at which one would THINK they would be dining in a trustworthy, luxury place.We ordered many dishes to share including tuna pizza, different sushi rolls, eggplant, shrimp tempura, beef and more.  There were 6 of us in our party.  One of the girls  is vegetarian, so of course she did not partake in any of the seafood dishes.  Nor did I, as I don't eat fish. A 7th girl joined us in Vegas the following day, so she did not dine at Yellowtail. THIS IS THE ONLY THING WE DID DIFFERENTLY FROM EACH OTHER THE ENTIRE FIRST DAY OF OUR TRIP which is how we know that the food poisoning came directly from Yellowtail.The next morning, all 4 girls INCLUDING THE BRIDE, who ate the fish & sushi came down with debilitating food poisoning symptoms.  Vomiting and other issues that I'm sure I don't need to spell out, kept them literally lying on the hotel bathroom floor for the remainder of our trip. The poor things were hardly able to stand and we were thankful that we had a suite with multiple bathrooms or we would have been in an even worse state.Our trip, and more importantly, the Bride's special weekend (and more--this food poisoning spell triggered her to experience vertigo which she is still suffering from to this day), were COMPLETELY RUINED.  The girls spent all day and night feeling like they literally might die, and the 3 of us who did not experience the symptoms , were force feeding them Gatorade and toast so that they wouldn't be hospitalized in Las Vegas with dehydration.7 girls, 7 RUINED trips. We couldn't do any of the fun things we had planned and wasted a lot of money and time that we will never be able to get back.We called the Bellagio right away to put in a complaint thinking that they would AT THE VERY LEAST, refund our dinner bill as a courtesy for our extreme inconvenience.  Instead, they proceeded to give us the run-around for weeks, passing us off from department to department--Security to "Guest Services," to the restaurant itself, to the Light Group (who owns the restaurant), etc., and ultimately we were told that they would not be taking ANY responsibility and that we were basically sh*t out of luck. DO NOT EAT HERE.  Vegas has so many amazing and accommodating places to dine, and so many fun things to experience. Don't ruin your trip by eating at this irresponsible establishment.
3	The environment was dark but decent. We reserved seats for the patio to watch the Bellagio fountains- but didn't get them when we arrived. Drag!! We could see part of the shows from where we were seated inside. The hostess was a hot mess and not very welcoming or polite- in fact she seemed a bit unsure and uncomfortable. Our waitress was very nice and had excellent recommendations. The wait for both our drinks and food was quite a bit. Our waitress apologized and kept checking in, but you could tell the wait staff we slightly taxed. And we overheard another table complaining about being forgotten to management. We got the Alaskan king crab tempura- dear god that dish is amazing! One of the best I've ever tried! The Angry salmon roll was decent. Miso soup was good, and the red Zinfandel that was recommended was also quite good. That being said the price was too high for the small portions, slightly above average sushi, wait time, and fail on seating. Our price was $97 for 2 people- including a discount rate we got due to attending a conference in Vegas. I'd recommend it if you're going for the crab tempura- but get 1 for each person! And at $45 a plate it won't fill you up.  Lots of opportunities for this place toImprove!
5	The recommendation we received was that the place was pricey but worth it. And that was exactly what happened.The server was amazing, and the sushi some of the freshest in my life. You must try the big eye tuna pizza or at least some of the sushi. Why? Because it is amazing. The sushi is so fresh there isn't a touch of "fishiness". We had the protein and angry salmon rolls. Neither disappointed. Also the mocha for dessert was full of flavor. But, the green tea mochi has Essence of Jasmine in it - so be careful if you aren't into flowery tastes.
5	Dined here for the 1st time. Was given a window table with view of Bellagio fountains show. Had the filet mignon roll, spicy crab with POP ROCKS, and red dragon roll. All real good! The roll with the pop rocks was interesting but very good! We had the best service from our waiter, Taylor. Really energetic & friendly. The staff was very attentive, always refilling our drinks & checking on us. We also had the blackberry cheesecake. That was good.
5	Dined here with some friends the other night. We sat out on the patio and had a great view of the fountains during dinner. Appetizers and rolls were phenomenal. Had the big eye tuna pizza, dragon roll, pop rock roll, braised short rib, and a lobster carpaccio. We also tried a few of the sake they had on the menu, all of which were terrific and the waitress seemed pretty educated about each bottle. For my entree I had a flatiron with asparagus that was topped with an amazing teriyaki-like steak sauce. Couldn't have been happier with the service and food, check this place out next time in Bellagio!!
3	Cool atmosphere, beautiful view but way too overpriced for the food you get.  The galbi roll was basically just rice and they charged $20something dollars for that junk.  Also tried the toro rolls and they gave me a roll the size of 4 stacked Altoids... soooo smalll.... sooooo small.  Steak is pretty amazing if that's what you're looking to eat.  Hands down cooked to perfection.  Great service too and again, great atmosphere.  Just to sum it all up... you're paying for the name and the atmosphere.  Food does not stand up to the 3 figure meal you'll spend here. Which way is Pho Kim Long again?
5	Big Eye Tuna Pizza...Pop Rocks Sushi...Titos Vodka...a perfect atmosphere!!  Service wAs lacking but that doesn't even matter because once again, Yellowtail over delivers in taste!  The spicy edamame is awesome as well!  Always my first stop for dinner in Vegas and will always be!  Best sushi in Vegas!!
5	My trips to this Japanese Restaurant have all been excellent. From the ambience, great servers, to the food and the beautiful view of the Bellagio fountain, it has never gone wrong. My friends and I ate dinner here before going into Hyde Nightclub. Since we came with a large group we all ordered a bunch of shared plates which was fun because most of us were able to try a variety of the chef's choices. My favorite plates were the Yellowtail Serrano, Big Eye Tuna Pizza, Kobe Beef Tataki, and the Lobster Carpaccio. Downside: It is quite pricey.
4	Yellowtail is consistently a wonderful dining experience!  My husband and I dined here with friends and were impressed again with the quality of food and drinks from this restaurant.  The service was a bit off, with it taking almost 20 minutes to receive our cocktails once we sat down.  I gave it four stars because of this oversight, seeing as how it was after 10:30 pm and the restaurant was not busy.  Our server did an excellent job when it came time for sushi recommendations, and even though it's not listed on the menu - always get the sushi pizza - it's delicious!!!We recommend also trying the sashimi platter (so fresh!!!), the pop rocks roll, and the spicy tuna.  All are excellent and are a good way to judge the difference between this restaurant and the run-of-the-mill sushi experience.The view also cannot be beat!!  The Fountains at Bellagio show is not to be missed - it's awesome!!!  :)  Cheers!
4	This place was delicious! Ate here with my girlfriends for my Bachelorette Party! YOU MUST GET the Popping Spicy Crab Roll! Has Watermelon Pop Rocks -so unique and delicious! The waiter was fun, made great suggestions for drinks and dinner - loved him! He even brought us all a round of shots on him. I ordered the Essence Martini - Effen Cucumber Vodka and Cucumber Puree.....so delicious. But the hostess was rather rude and told us to be sure we were done eating/drinking in two hours and we were only allowed to have our table for a two hour time frame. I understand if this is the restaurants policy, but I feel as thought there are nicer ways of saying it. Plus we ate an early dinner and were one of very few tables in the restaurant at the time so I didn't understand the need to make us feel so uncomfortable from the get go. Besides that everything was stellar!
1	Buyer beware, Dinner for 2 will cost you 2 HUNDRED dollars easy. If you are an average income person this place is NOT in uou r budget. Plus staff unfriendly n not knowledgeable. BEWARE shared portions , they are VERY small n cost $25 plus each n are NOT shareable. Advice, if cost is an issue, don't bother.
1	We were greeted by the promoter who promised he could deliver lawyers and a private jet if we needed it. After that arrogance passed, we proceeded to wait for an hour for 5 very basic sushi rolls. My friend (me) was so hungry that he literally ate a chopstick.
2	What an utter waste. We stopped by for a quick meal, and basically had a mediocre light snack for $120. The server was inattentive (and we were sitting at the bar), the food was just okay, we were rushed through our plates with food we were still eating being whisked away, and there was an annoying bathroom attendant in the restroom. I've had twice as much sushi that was twice as good for half the price. If you're being comped knock yourself out, but if you're actually paying for the food go ANYWHERE else. Three and a half star food, one star service, and I have no idea why this place has three dollar signs. A proper dinner for two would run you at least $250 excluding tip.
5	If you buried me in the creations that emanate from the kitchen here, I would eat my way out.
4	Great food, excellent service, very enjoyable evening.
4	I ate here on a Monday evening with my teenage son. It was very easy to get to, just inside the valet area, and adjacent to the casino. Valet is no charge, tips only. My first impression of the restaurant was that it was upscale but very loud. My son wore a t-shirt and shorts and felt a little underdressed. He was the youngest person in the restaurant by far and he is 14 years old. Attire is definitely business casual to more formal. Our server was incredibly attentive and kind, and seemed genuinely interested in helping us have a great dining experience. The good was delicious . Being my son'a first experience with sushi, I ordered a cucumber salad, vegetable tempera, Cali roll and Shrimp tempera roll. We shared them all. The food was delicious! For the price I felt the portions could have been a bit bigger. Had the rolls been a bit lower priced, I would have ordered each of us our own rather than sharing. Our meal came to $75 with tip. One great surprise to Yellowtail is location. On a warm night, you can be seated on their balcony and enjoy the Bellagio fountains which are right there! After our dinner we enjoyed watching the fountains dance for about 30 minutes (2 shows) before leaving.
5	Lovely environment for conversation and for savouring the cuisine. Which was delightful. The service was excellent. Not someplace I could afford to go all the time but it was a respite from the mundane. A wonderful evening.
4	I went during the WCC tourney in March, so a bit late on my review.Not a huge sushi fan, so was a bit hesitant to join my friends for dinner. They told me the place was high standard. I will freely admit I am not well versed on sushi and dont even use chopsticks well, ha.I will say that what we ordered was amazing, I cant even remember all the things. I know we had the battered crab, which was really good and I even liked all the fresh sushi.The waitress as nice and was patient with us. I had a beer to drink so cant comment on the drinks.My only knock was the prices. I get it, its Vegas, the Bellagio, etc but your prices are simply too high. Overall food was good.
4	Food is delicious - the sushi was great, and the duck proscuitto was my favorite.The location, with views of the Bellagio fountains, can't be beat either. Convenient for going to see O after.However, it was so expensive that we ended up feeling a bit ripped off. It was a great meal, but it didn't seem like it was worth $150 a person. We went to L'Atelier de Joel Rubochon at the MGM Grand the next day for nearly the same price, and that was a million times better - totally different kind of cuisine, but if you want a splurge meal I would recommend L'Atelier de Joel Rubochon, not Yellowtail.Overall great, but not sure if I would come back.
5	Loved the ahi pizza with truffle oil, popping crab roll is great too. Location was great, sat outside by fountains- menu was great. Service was great, can't wait to go again
5	Hands down best sushi I have ever had so impressed with the service the view (I went at dinner and the every 15 minute fountain show was amazing on the patio, weather was perfect!) food was amazing well prepared and topped with great additions. Service was impeccable must try if your in Vegas and like sushi.
4	The 4 star review is solely on their food. I got miso soup and the California roll because I just can't do the texture of raw meats. A friend got the pop rocks roll which creeped me out at first but after I tried it, it was the greatest thing I have ever tasted! The tempura crab (I can't remember if it was crab or lobster) was also amazing. Scallops were amazing too. So tender, Like eating butter! I got some sort of fruity mixed saki drink which was also to die for!! I can't remember what else we got but it was all amazing.Our waiter however was terrible. I don't know if it was because we were all younger or what but he just didn't seem to care about us at all. We ended up timing him based on the Bellagio fountain "shows". We got seated in the middle of one show, and it took him until the start of the next show to even ask what we wanted to drink. The service got worse from there. He was really nice every time he talked to us but we seemed to burden him. I say this because he was really attentive to literally every other table he had, except us. Was it because we didn't order bottled water?
5	First of all this place is pricey. LOTS. But then again, that's Vegas for ya. The hubs and I had dinner here on Friday and it was delicious. He had a Happa Roll and a couple of pieces of sashimi. I had the Jadori chicken and their roasted corn as a side. The hubby loved his food and so did I. So many sushi places just serve plane chicken but this was so delicious. I will try to post pics later. The roasted corn was SO yummy. It was definitely a small portion for the price (10) but delicious in deed. I had 2 cocktails, a pineapple and a strawberry. The drinks are pricey, $20, but they are strong so I could have easily had one. But hey I was on vacation. The staff was SO nice and courteous. There was no snootiness here like at some of the restaurants in the strip. And lastly, we sat outside and were able to enjoy the fountains. Just perfect, other than the price tag ;)
3	Great food! Great service! Great time!  Everything about this restaurant is the best! Who doesn't love sushi? Pricey for what you get though.  Limited sushi menu
5	I have gone to Vegas many times and have been to Yellowtail on a few of those trips. It is a very pretty restaurant located in the Bellagio Shops not far from the Casino entrance. There is a long bar in front and the dining in the back which also includes out door dining that overlooks the Bellagio Fountains and the show they put on. The environment is chic, comfortable and the staff is very good.The bar is very petty and they make a great drink something many sushi places don't do well. Here the drinks are strong, it could be because it's Vegas. The staff is knowledgeable.The food is fantastic. Plates tend to be small but that works well as it lets you order many different things. Some stand outs from the shared plates for me are the Lobster Carpaccio and the Yellowtail Serrano amazingly light and citrusy but both with some spice to them. Both of these are cold plates and i could not get enough. We reordered these multiple times. The warm shared plates i enjoyed were the Black Code and Seafood Dynamite. Both were wonderfully balanced with many layers of flavor.We ordered quite a bit of sushi and i am not sure now what all of it was. I had my standard Dragon Roll, Tempura Shrimp and then some of their specialty rolls. Fish was very fresh and the rolls were made well. All of it was good. I am not a dessert eater but the Chocolate in a Cup was excellent. Their Lava Cake is also good.
5	I have been to Vegas over a hundred times in my life, and Yellowtail is my all time favorite restaurant. I was just here on Saturday night and JACQUE was my waitress. She did a great job and, as always, I received excellent service at Yellowtail.But the amazing service is just the start. I am a regular sushi eater and Yellowtail never disappoints. My favorite dish is their yellowtail serrano. Their drinks are also amazing. My sister loves their martinis with cucumber in them. This time she had Essence and she loved it. And trust me, my sister is a hard person to please when it comes to drinks. Bottom line. Amazing food. Amazing service. A must try if you're in Vegas and love sushi.
2	great service.. not the best i've ever had.. a bit pricey.. it was 150.00 per person for a party of 6.. they sat us by the window which had a great view.. the hostesses were really pretty.. oysters were great.. nothing else was that impressive..
5	Best sushi I've ever had in my life. Portions are small for the price but it is beyond worth it for the quality.
4	I have been dreaming about eating yellowtail at Yellowtail for years.  Every time I am in the area, I am either broke or it is before 5 pm.  They open at pm each day.  This time, it actually happened.  Boy was I not disappointed.  We walked in and sat at the bar.  I ordered the yellowtail serrano.  I am not usually a fan of the pepper on top, but this was the best yellowtail I have ever had, and the serrano made it even better.  The fish literally melted on my tongue.  It had an amazing burst or fish and pepper as a great contrast.   We ordered eel sushi as well, and it was the same way.  My god; this was the best sushi I have ever had in my life.  We eat got a draft beer each and th bill was roughly $75.  I know you are thinking, that isn't much.  But it was LITERALLY the best sushi of my life. Well worth the cost.  I am very happy that I got to finally eat here
3	I was surprised.  Good, fresh sushi and a cool vibe.  Service was top notch as well.  They are lacking on their sake menu, especially the unfiltered and sparkling sakes.  If you are looking for those, this is not the place to go (Koi has a better sake selection).
2	My friends and I came here for a nice dinner last Friday and did not get the experience we were expecting. We ordered the edamame, gyoza, foie gras, and sushi rolls I don't remember which as it was not worth the price we paid.  I was so excited when I saw the foie gras because I absolutely love it and being from California, I do not get it often unless I travel out of the state. I was extremely disappointed as they covered the delicious natural taste of it with too much of the other stuff to make it look pretty. Honestly you can't go wrong with edamame and gyoza as they are staples in sushi restaurants so I was glad we had that to fill up on. I would like to mention the lack of friendly service as well. The worst service yet the most expensive place we ate at this weekend. Not okay at all. I did get a glance of the dancing Bellagio fountains which was a nice touch though.
3	Thought the restuarant was more about style than substance.
5	Outstanding. You won't be disappointed
4	First time in Vegas and this was my first meal here. Overall not a big sushi fan and this place, while good flavor and texture, all tasted the same to me. So if you are not a sushi buff, not worth the money. On the other hand the beef short ribs were one of the most amazing things I've ever had. While there was only four small boneless pieces, the beef literally melted in your mouth. There were no teeth necesary to enjoy that dish and the flavor was a perfect mix of meat and gelatinous goodness. The service was amazing and the staff really knew the menu really well and were great about refilling water and being available (expect for our later order that someone seemed to have forgotten to deliver for a half hour).
5	The Big Eye Tuna Pizza alone is worth a visit. I'm not kidding. I took my friend to Yellowtail for the first time, and he couldn't stop talking about the Big Eye Tuna Pizza.But it's not just the Tuna Pizza. The sushi at Yellowtail is also amazing. They chef truly finds some of the best fish. They just melt in your mouth and they taste so fresh.I love their simple rolls too. But the only thing I don't love here are the fancy rolls. Other than the fancy rolls, I love this place.
2	I would NOT eat here again.  The food way way too expensive for what we got.  We ordered a bottle of wine and I felt we got regular casino everyday glassware.   I would expect a nice expensive restaurant to have decent glasses not a glass you would receive while gambling or something.    The tuna pizza was good but presentation rather boring.  We also ordered Kumamoto oysters which was about $32 for 6 and it was not anywhere near Asian inspired I felt like it was something I would have got at an Italian place.   Oysters and cocktail sauce is basically what we got.   We ordered the filet toban as well which smelled awesome but was nothing special.   The crispy kalbi roll was delicious but presentation was lacking!!!!  Now I don't mind spending money on my meal if the food and presentation and service was great but I wasn't really happy when I left.  The service was rushed and she didn't really listen to us, plus she kept telling us that was probably enough food in which was not and felt that she didn't have time for us.   Maybe she just wanted us to leave.  We were helped by another man who was dressed in a chef coat who was not the chef but was helping out he said and he was very personable and helpful more than our server was.  She kinda disappear towards the end.I Have high expectations for a restaurant in Bellagio and was highly disappointed.Food was ok...service lacking....and food presentation pretty plain.  Prices should be much lower for the quality of everything.    Even a sushi roll was between 20 and 30 which is fine is it's exceptional.If you're looking for delicious Asian food Andreas at Wynn or chada Thai near China town is great and you get what you pay for!
5	Two words : tuna pizza. Enough said.
3	Was happy that my buddies and I could get a table without much waiting on a busy Saturday night . The entrance to the restaurant is rather narrow with bar setup, but once you walk past the bar, the place opens up to a nice and spacious dining area.One of my buddies was quite intoxicated when we were seated, and he started asking so many questions about how the food is prepared and what goes into each dish on the menu to our server.  My other friend and I were amused, so we didn't interrupt and we really appreciated our server's patience and also his professionalism. About half way through our meal, another server started serving our table. When this talkative friend asked her to surprise him with a good glass of wine, she brought him one of the most expensive wines (as the rest of us suspected!) on their menu (~$30), but this wine tasted merely ok, not great. I had sushi rolls and it was very mediocre tasting. Presentation also was OK. I expected more and better food for fine-dining for the money I was paying. If you really don't care much about food or price, this place offers modern and well polished environment with good cocktails. But alas, you are in Vegas, the place full of many great fine dining places that could offer the same level of ambience and cocktails. Although I realize if you are in Vegas to party the hard way, the food might not be your main concern... in which case, what are you doing, wasting your time reading this review!
3	The food here is in one word average,  and that ruined it for me.   The sushi was so normal and one specialty roll costs $35 and was mediocre.  The service was amazing though,  and ambiance was perfect.
4	The restaurant had a very nice atmosphere and decor, it was located in the Bellagio Hotel. If you are looking for a fancy night on the town, its not a bad place to start. I ordered the Kobe Beef Tataki which was incredible, some of the best beef that I've ever had. The only downside is that it is very overpriced for the amount of food you get, but that is somewhat expected if you are going to dine at one of the nicer hotels on the strip. The service was pretty fast and courteous.I would recommend it to others, though it isnt my favorite place in vegas to dine.
5	The sushi here is amazing! I came here for my friends bday party and let me tell you, drinks and sushi all night. Can't beat that!
5	All I can say is ,.... The yellowtail Pizza is everything!!! Don't even try to find it on the menu... Just tell Ur server you want that!! Your welcome :)
3	Sushi was good but this place is really pricey! I know, I know, its in the Bellagio, what can you expect? Came here with some coworkers last week and we shared several appetizers and rolls. Couldn't believe they had one roll for $36. Of course we had to order it! It was good but I'd have a hard time justifying the price of a meal here if I were paying for it myself.
5	I never had a bad experience or dish I didn't like. Great view, atmosphere and service. One of my favorites
5	Yellowtail is by far one of my favorite restaurants on the strip. I agree that the price is definitely a lot higher than your average Japanese restaurant, but aside from paying for the incredible quality of fish, you're mostly paying for the real estate so it's a great place for a date! The ambiance is romantic and ideal for beginning your night out since they have a trendier atmosphere. They're in Bellagio Hotel which is centrally located on the Las Vegas Strip and sits by the lake overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  Also, trust me when I say this... Yellowtail has some of the best servers in the hospitality industry.  Every time I come here, the service is impeccable; personable, knowledgeable and top-notch, worthy of Bellagio.Roll Call - *Ahi Tuna Pizza - MY FAVORITE! Thinly sliced grade AAAAA ahi on a light, crisp tortilla with a magical onion and mayo blend, topped with micro greens and...TRUFFLE OIL!I've personally had friends tell me they don't like tuna OR onions OR mayo and then I introduced them to the tuna pizza and BAM! Life-changing.*Baked Crab Hand Roll - What is up with soy paper? I love anything wrapped in soy paper! And this isn't your typical grossly baked, oozing with burnt mayo roll. The crab itself is baked, I believe. This roll will make you MOL (Moan Out Loud). *Crispy Kalbi Roll - I don't know how this came to be but it definitely works! I love the texture of this roll - meaty, crunchy (from the slaw), and juicy! It also has complementing temperatures of hot and cold in your mouth!*Grilled Walu - Of course it's amazing and buttery and just melts in your mouth. Just don't order too many or you may end up on the toilet the rest of the night since Walu is like a natural laxative. You're absolutely fine if you have a few bites and it's worth the small risk since it's fatty and delicious!And then if you want a fun novelty roll, get the Popping Spicy Crab roll. I'm personally not big on it only because it's a pretty simple roll (crab, asparagus, cucumber) with pop rocks in it but I have to order it whenever I bring someone to Yellowtail for the first time and they always love it! My 5 O'Clocktail is the Lychee Martini! It pairs wonderfully with everything on the menu & you don't have to love lychee to enjoy this beverage!Stay classy Las Vegas and thanks for stopping by!
5	Excellent service and excellent food! We highly recommend the  Tuna Pizza as it has a very surprising aftertaste that has you wanting more. We also had the spicy dragon roll and the protein roll- the best!
4	Great sushi and service. best Sushi restauramt in Vegas. Thhank You chef!
1	The sorriest pieces of nigiri sushi I have ever seen in my life! I am not exaggerating at all. When the pieces came out I almost laughed because I thought it was a joke. Two very sorry looking pieces for $15?! Seriously? The slices were as thin as my finger and I wear a size 3.5 ring. I was actually embarrassed FOR them. Also, the waitress didn't even know what nigiri was. Me: "2 pieces of the hamachi and sake nigiri please". Waitress: "uh nigiri?". Me: "yea the sushi on rice". Waitress: "ohhhhh sushi on rice." Wow. Wow. Wow.I haven't written a review on yelp in years, but had to dust off my login to specifically write this one. To the owners: Please don't make us sushi lovers embarrassed FOR you by serving that kind of nigiri. You guys need to show some respect and slice up some legit pieces. Come on man... You know what you're doing is wrong.
5	Recently stayed at the Bellagio and decided to try the Yellowtail with my mother and 84 year old uncle who requires a scooter.. Although a bit pricey I do have to say the food was first class.I had the 5 OZ Kobe beef and it was some of the best meat I have tasted. My mother and uncle also enjoyed their meals. Restaurant was very comfortable and service was great. I would be remissed not to give a shout out to our waiter Roberto who was off the charts great. He had a way of being both personable and professional which can be hard to find these days. He was very knowledgable about the menu and was extremely patient with our group when we had questions about the menu. Yellowtail is lucky to have him on their team.
4	The food is pretty expensive here, but what will always keep me coming back is the Tuna Pizza.That's really all you need to know- order the tuna pizza!The dragonfire cocktail is very delicious- it's a sweet and spicy- I requested it with tequila, but be warned- the drink is $20.Other recommendations are: uni sushi, seaweed salad, red dragon roll, and the oysters.I tried the protein roll, but didn't really enjoy it. I guess I need the rice. Again, order the tuna pizza!  After your meal, I recommend walking out to see the fountains. It was an amazing experience. It seemed like the water was going to hit us.
2	Had dinner here 2 nights ago on a whim.  Was our last night in town and we had a group of 8-decided to take a chance without really researching it bc it was in our hotel.  The food was dissappointingly mediocre, with one exception (the miso black cod which was quite good).  I sort of expected that.  What I didn't expect was the horrible service.  The waitress kept leaving the table after taking one persons order without allowing the rest of the party to order their dinner.  We had to keep stopping her and telling her to come back for the rest of the order.  We had only ordered a few appetizers previously so I'm not sure what she was thinking.  We waited 30 minutes for one of our pre dinner drinks and 30 min for a hot tea I ordered after dinner.  She forgot one of our rolls.  And she never seemed the slightest apologetic or embarrassed.  All this at an extremely high price point, even for an upscale sushi restaurant.  It was more than our dinner at Andreas (at the Wynn) the night before.  Terrible experience.
4	Very nice servers, atmosphere and food. Very pricey, but it's the Bellagio in Vegas. Nice views of fountain.
5	Big eye tuna pizza! Sooooo good. It's one of the best sushi dishes I have ever had.The rock shrimp and the roll with the pop rocks in it are also a must. This is one of our favorite restaurants for not only the food, but the view. If it is not the dead of summer, request to sit on the patio. At night, the fountain goes off every 15 minutes and there is not better seat than the balcony at yellowtail.
5	Ok, rolled into this place in May 2014 during a work conference, and was sick as a small hospital.  Eating with a couple of my coolest co-workers, plus inside a bad-ass looking place perked me up. Started with the edamame two ways, with different sauces was something new to me, but very addicting. Man those were good. But then, IT hit me: the Vintage Ribeye topped with Kizami-Wasabi butter, whoaa, hold on! That was just splendiferous. I could eat 10 of them on the spot.  Will be ordering that combo again on my next trip to Vegas, guaranteed. Shoot, I forgot to take a snapshot. Get it!
5	This is one of our favorite restaurants.  My husband, who comes to Vegas more frequently than I do, comes here every time he does, and I am super jealous when he tells me about it!The big eye tuna pizza is phenomenal.  Not only is the presentation beautiful, but everything is so fresh, and you can taste it in the flavors.  The rock shrimp, which is smothered in a delicious chili aioli is also amazing.  CANNOT wait to go back.
4	We got a 7 course tasting menu. First dish big eye tuna pizza (really great), second course was halibut sashimi with sauce (decent not my favorite), next was tuna with mustard sauce (pretty good). Next course hot grilled wallow with shiitake mushroom (awesomeness), Kobe beef with carrot and potato and see weed (awesome), sushi chefs selection was ok. And dessert was decent. Overall I would t recommend the tasting menu order off the menu. The sake flight was great
5	It's been over a year since I have been here and I STILL think about the Protein Roll. I have never had a better sushi roll and can not for the life of me find one that is comparable even here in the DC area!
4	First time dining at YellowTail. We ordered the miso soup and red dragon roll. Both were quite good. They were lite and delicious. The only complaint was the price. With drinks, we spent $80. Not thrilled, but enjoyable experience. We will mostly stop by next time we are in Vegas.
5	Great sushi and amazing front row view of the Bellagio fountains.  As others mention, price is a tad high, but you pay for that great view along with great food.  I visited with friends on one night, and returned by myself to sit at the bar two days later...I needed one more chance at the baked crab rolls.....amazing!   Do not visit without trying the baked crab rolls. The vibe is very Vegas trendy, so dress appropriately.  If you sit by the bar without a view of the fountains, you will be treated with a view of all their supermodel hostesses...not a bad alternative..Enjoy!
1	First let me start by saying Tammy is a horrible server, her attitude changed from the beginning when I asked a simple question about what something cost .  But this Another example of a Restaurant that doesn't understand customer service and trying to price gauge their customers.I have visited this restuarant on occasion when I am here for business trips ,and I order the same exact thing ,only this time they tried to up charge me and make money on the side for something as simple as yellowtail. Shame on you Yellowtail,what a horrible display of unprofessionalism . I  just over it ,what a way to ruin your customers or should I say former customers weekend .
5	We came here for m bachelorette party and all 15 of us girls thought it was the best restaurant and fish we had ever eaten! I highly recommend this place. Order the spicy tuna pizza! enjoy!
5	WOW! This is one of the best meals I have had in a very long time. The tuna pizza, the yellowtail, the steak... and O yea, the dessert. this is a must visit
3	The ambiance is quite trendy. The food is quite good and the sushi is fresh and tasteful. However the menu is quite expensive and the portions are very small. The service could see room for improvement.
3	Well..It's was ehhh.  Great vibe in the room, service was very attentive but the food was just average.  I was expecting a lot better. We started with the edamame which was actually quite good.  The sweet chili edamame was addicting.  Next came the Tuna Pizza.  Based on the reviews and pictures I was expecting something incredible.  It was like a thin wafer with one thin slice of tuna across the top.  Looked premade too.We had the Rock Shrimp which was ok, too lemony though. @Andreas at Encore has better.  The Protein roll was just ok.  As a local we had been meaning to try Yellowtail...now we can say, been there, done that.  Disappointing.
5	A- MA- ZING!! We got there on Friday around 5:30 and able to get a table outside. the bellagio fountain show was right in front of us it was such a beautiful day and the view was amazing. Our server I believe his name was Seth he was incredible, very knowledgeable on all of the wines and dishes he is awesome!This was my first experience with Sashimi, I love sushi rolls and never thought I would care for sashimi.I believe we had the halibut I could be wrong on this. We also had the yellowtail jalapeno, oysters all of these were amazingly good! We also got the big eye tuna pizza so delish! A real treat was the tempura king crab the sauce with it really complimented the crab. We also got the filet mignon that came out sizzling and it is finished on the table with a peppery sauce it. Last but not least we figured we needed a little carbs ;) so why not get a roll my Sister opted to get the protein roll and to our surprise it did not have rice it was filled with crab, and it was amazing! We kept debating on whether or not to get another because we were running short on time to make it to, "O". We came to a decision that we would go with another. Our server knew we were going to the show and we got our second serving fast. The service was incredible not just Seth but everyone there! The food was amazing! By the way did I mention how amazing this restaurant is lol!
5	5 stars! Absolutely perfect location! If you book online make a note to request a table on the balcony for a front row seat to the a bellagio water show. Reasonable Vegas prices for a nice restaurant but totally worth it for the quality of the food and surroundings. Staff were fantastic and provided 5 star service. Could not recommend this restaurant enough! A must do when in Vegas!
5	Tried Yellowtail last week for the first time.  It was amazing-our waiter suggested the chef's favorites since it was the first visit for everyone in our group.  We loved everything!!!!!!  Bottom line: I liked it better than nobu.  There I said it.  I will be taking my friends to Yellowtail from now on. :)
3	I was a little torn between giving this place two or three stars. Would have given the two mainly because Vegas prices are outlandish and so is the price of EVERYTHING on this menu. I mean, REALLY, $19 for one basic a$$ roll is NOT cool. But it's Vegas. The fish itself was fresh and wonderful. I had the angry salmon roll which has incredibly basic ingredients. Can I just point out that I pay $5.95 for a salmon and avocado roll here in St. Louis? No complaints on the taste and ingredients of this roll. Also had the big eye tuna pizza. What a different take on tuna and pizza! It was really light, airy, crispy, and yummy. Only complaint again? Price. Ridiculous. I wish I could poop money because then I could give a crap about the pricing, haha, get it?The ambiance of the place was perfect for our occasion, we were heading to Hyde Nightclub afterwards. The decor of the place is beautiful. The service was crap. We were a table of 8, yeah, larger tables are harder to serve, but there were maybe 3 to 4 other tables there. And at least 3 servers. So the incredibly lethargic speed of our server was uncalled for.  Not going to lie, I will not eat sushi in Vegas again...unless someone else is fronting that bill. HAHAHA. I am so cheap...
5	Fantastic dinner!  The jidori chicken is to die for!  Definitely the best I've had.  Also tried the seared scallops and was not disappointed.  Always find a sumptuous wine on their extensive wine list, you won't be disappointed.
3	beef dishes were good.  i had the short rib and the beef flat iron.  I also had some fish, the halibut was dry and meh.  the salmon sushi was good, the spicy tuna was ok.  overall id go here if you want a japanese steak.  if you want seafood there is better. A shame since its called yellow tail
4	Some of the best sushi I've had in Las Vegas. To counter some of the subpar reviews, especially on account of the price, I have to say:welcome to Las Vegas. Yellowtail is in the Bellagio. The Bellagio is known for it's exceptional dining scene. This will cost you. I don't think this fact should affect Yellowtail's rating. The quality of the food, dedication of the service, and ambiance make this a very solid 4 star choice.
4	Great sushi! All the food was good. The restaurant is just small and too tight for the amount of people they seat
4	The food is solid, but I really enjoy the atmosphere, especially for a late meal in one of the casino facing tables. Sushi is very fresh and they have a great drink menu. The service is excellent.
5	Yellowtail has a patio that overlooks the Bellagio fountains. The view and the quality of food justify the high price.We had the Big Eye Tuna Pizza and were floored.But be warned the Spicy Tuna and the Angry Salmon will set your sushi standards so high that it will be difficult to go out to any other sushi place.For dessert their Chocolate in a cup is more like Heaven in a cup and will leave you wanting more.
5	So I cannot speak for the food, but the mixed drinks are DELICIOUS!  My coworker and I liked it so much that we came here two nights before they closed.  I loved their Lychee cocktail, and my coworker liked their Blood Orange cocktail (sorry, I forget the official name). We each loved our drink enough the first night to re-order it on our second visit. We also tried their cucumber cocktail, which was great as well.  The trade off was the cost - our drinks cost $20 each.   But better one expensive cocktail than 2 or 3 horrible cheap ones!The service here was great too.  The waitress we had on the first night was great - kind and quick to help us. The bartender on the second visit was also friendly and nice to chat with.If you are walking through the Bellagio and looking for a drink, stop here.  You won't regret it!
3	I was just at Sugarfish. That's what I kept telling myself as we walked out slightly disappointed by our lackluster meal. It wasn't bad, but it also wasn't great. And it was free (which usually makes everything that much tastier, glazed with the sweet ambrosia of victory) since we were using our Vegas winnings, but that still didn't help the cause :/We tried a little bit of everything -- a few specialty rolls, toro scallion, a couple orders of sushi, yellowtail jalapeno. Along with a bottle of Kirin and some sake. Overall, pretty underwhelmed. The sushi seemed bland, nothing that really stood out, sadness. Especially since we were looking forward to checking this place out!Hope it was just an off day :/ But they do have a great view of the Bellagio water show! Try to grab the balcony seats if you can. Wooo silver lining
4	Had dinner here last night around 730pm. We didnt make reservations but we got seated right away right infront of the balcony that over looks the Bellagio water show. View was amazing. Food: we had the tunna pizza, the tempura crab bites, and the popstickers and 2 waters. With tip the bill for 2 people was $102. Taste of the food was amazing. Size of plates are small. Service was excellent . Overall we enjoyed this place very much anf had a pleasant experice.
2	Our experience at this restaurant is the impetus  for writing my first review on yelp. My wife and I read the mixed reviews and decided to try it since we love sushi and unique dining experiences. I'd  have to say, this was one of the only vegas "higher end" meals that had left us disappointed, and sorry we didn't heed the warnings of those who had been disappointed  before us. We eat a LOT of sushi,  probably 6x or more a month. We tried two rolls (for a total of OVER $50) and were  completely  underwhelmed.  I've paid the same for similar sized rolls at sushi roku in Ceasars and didn't regret the price for a second because it was that good. Yellowtail? Meh.. ok flavor, pretty small size. Then we ordered  salmon sushi. My wife and I both laughed out loud when the order came. Others have scoffed at the size of the sushi pieces and we should have listened. I honestly can't even describe how small they were. I guess the best I could day is, take a standard "pink eraser" from when you were a kid in school, cut it in half, and that's the size of the order.  For $12. And, it was just ok. Then we get to the service. We were in vegas on a Sunday night. It was dead. Walked right into this place and could have had a seat on the terrace on the fountains had we asked. That's how dead it was. The waiter was running around like he had never been busier, checked on us maybe once and in the midst of his "rush" failed to bring a BOWL OF RICE that we ordered for my son. We had two rolls and a salmon sushi delivered approximately 20+ minutes after we had ordered, ate them and then sat around waiting for him to come back. He looked shocked when he asked if we wanted anything  else and I asked if we could get the food we ordered in the first place before we moved on to anything else. My wife and I eat out A LOT. It's a passion to try new things and explore new places. This place fell dead flat. Extremely disappointed  and thus, doubtful  we would ever return. Too many other great options out there. Not to mention much cheaper. It's unfortunate.  Great location and concept and beautiful decor.
2	While the service was outstanding, the prices and portions are a joke.  $36 for a few paper thin slices of yellowtail -- maybe $0.50 worth of fish -- and some ponzi sauce.  Really?  $19 for the tiniest sushi roll I've ever been served.  I'm all for small quantities of great food, but this was just a rip-off.
5	Ask for Tammy, best server in Vegas!  Must eats: big eye pita, seaweed salad, red dragon and the A1 steak roll.  Plan to save room for the chocolate dessert...it is heaven in a cup!!!
4	lucky us. we got a spot on the patio overlooking the bellagio fountains. the unobstructed view was definitely the best part about the restaurant.besides the awesome view the food is solid but pricey (keep in mind you are in the bellagio). the tuna pizza is a MUST. it's crispy and has truffles. we also had the edamame with two flavors (the spicy one is pretty spicy) and three sushi rolls which were good but not amazing. not much to offer for dessert.
5	Great spot with a hip scene. Has windows looking out to the water show which adds a little something nice. Food is inventive and fresh making it great for a date or a bigger group. Love the big eye tuna pizza and how can you pass up the sushi rolls with pop rocks. The cocktail menu is great flavor and fun. Have to say my fav is the essence. If you are dining alone the bar scene is fun looking out on to the rest of the casino a killer spot for people watching. Love coming here. Easily my favorite restaurant at Bellagio.
4	Yea this is definitely a 4.5. I'd give it a 5 but I haven't rated a "best"yet. Simply the most unique sushi I've had including Koi. The 2 reviews have to be from competitors that are envious. Roberto was waiter who was funny gracious and had great recommendations. Save room for dessert. I didn't but had lava cake and chocolate cup. Everyone voted cup the best. One of my top five Restraunts in Vegas. Back to LA
5	Amazing restaurant in tbe Bellagio! We eat here everytime we are in vegas. Great food, drink, and atmosphere! You have to try the spicy popping crab sushi ( with watermelon pop rocks) and the tuna pizza. It doesnt get much better than this! Service was incredible and the views of the fountains are breathtaking! Love love love this place!
1	Had an awful meal there a few nights ago.  Started with maguro and hamachi sushi.  It was not even close to fresh.Then had Alaska king crab tempura.  It was completely tastelessFinished with a soft shell crab roll.  I don't know what the wrap was; it wasn't seaweed, but whatever it was it was mushy and the whole thing was just awful.I obviously don't recommend.  Perhaps sushi and Las Vegas aren't a good match.
4	Dined her with another couple and glad we did. This place was delicious and very accommodating. We never made reservations in advance. We simply walked over, checked in and waited 30 minutes and were seated. What more an you ask for from a high end restaurant? We ordered the following. Rock shrimp appetizer.................WOW!Yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno........kill me nowSpicy tuna roll..............................Deliciousbaked crab hand roll....................YUMAlbacore sashimi with fried onions.......................Some of the BEST I've ever hadEven their edamame was delicous. Overall experience with everything was great. We enjoyed ourselves and will definitely be back.
3	Well as with all the Strip sushi joints the quality of food is awesome, service is awesome . I ate at the bar and the bartenders are great, but I just can't justify the portions and the prices can't give this more than a 3 star because of those reasons.
4	Chose to try the ribeye again with wasabi butter sauce and wasn't as good this time...almost like they didn't get a great cut...or maybe my first time it was amazing. Dunno.
4	Great Service, 4shizzle...however for such a price the Food and the menu is lacking some imagination and wow factor. That's why I took away one star. For a group setting, very nice...as an individual eater and looking to load up on some top quality sushi find a better match. We had a party of 7 and we dropped over $2K. That's with drinks, maybe one 2 many drinks)))
3	WOW very expensive for what you get!!! I ordered the Kobe short ribs at the advice of the waitress. They were very good maybe some of the best I have ever had, but I received four one inch pieces of short ribs with nothing on the side for $42!!!!Nice atmosphere
3	Nothing was bad here, but it's hard to recommend it for any particular reason. It was fine, but rather expensive. For a date, the dark setting might be nice, but for a family gathering, I didn't particularly care for it. The food was fine, and the service was average. They quickly took a reservation on Saturday night for a large party and seated us promptly, which was nice.
2	The price is outrageous. Understandable why the place is 1/2 empty. We eat sushi out 3x a month. We order house saki. It was $48. The sushi is just ok. Not aweful not great. I barely ate anything .2 adults and 2kids the bill was $308. Im disgusted.considering the small portion and I am hungry . Sushi at hard rock or Venetian is way better and more price reasonable. I still can't believe my 2 house saki cost $98.will never return
1	Ive debated even reviewing this restaurant (as I only had a glass of wine, and two apps of edamame), but decided I should. My friend had some sort of sushi, and really enjoyed it. And my edamame apps (I believe I had one with sea salt, and one with a chili sauce) were very good (how can you go wrong with edamame??). But wow this place is expensive. Very very very expensive. For two glasses of their cheapest wine, two edamame apps, and a sushi plate, our bill with tip was about $100. Sorry that this isn't the most informative review about the service and atmosphere (see other reviews for that), but I can't justify spending the amount of money this place requests... even in Vegas.
3	Food is soooo average, I paid the location because it's in the caesars palace. the whisky comes 15 per shot......nothing worse than this. the bar next to it is 12.5. no special decoration, average food, average service. We have salmon roll and uni sashimi and a steak, 100 bucks. We'd better go to the buffet 55/person.
3	I forgot this place is in bellagio or caesars cause these two places are connected. I got dizzy walking here and there, especially had drinks after. I got a compliment from friend that said this place is in Bellagio, not in Caesars, well, the only thing I can be sure is the restaurant's name, yellowtail, sushi bar. Sorry for misunderstanding.
4	A handroll the size of a toddler hand and $26 for it. I believe it's another one of those Vegas restaurants that doesn't have the bite to back the talk. I saw a lot of hype about this place and it really was nothing more than any other basic sushi joint I've been to in other land-locked states. Now this isn't to say the place is bad by any means because it was tasty, but the Vegas "wow" factor that I look for in those strip restaurants wasn't there at all.
4	Overall a very nice evening.  Food a bit pricey and some small portions, although mostly very tasty.But if you ask for a table on the small outdoor patio, it blows away any shortcomings.  If you want to eat a lot of regularly priced sushi go elsewhere.  If you want a romantic and enjoyable evening, this is the place.
1	Horrible service!!!! Very rude and pushy waitress. I will never go back.......we were told that she would only take an order from one person!!! She could not be bothered with speaking to the 7 of us. Overpriced and not worth it
3	Decor is nice, staff is friendly, and service was excellent.Food, and I get it, you're a 'high-end' restaurant, was forgettable. The proportions were small and butchered. High end or not there is an art to cutting sushi.Our meal:'Sushi'Hamachi - VERY good, best part of my meal, but again, each slice was about the size of my pinkyTuna - quality of the meat was good but the meat was butchered to the likes of which I've never seen and again, the slices were about the size of my pinky.'Entree'Sea Bass - for the price we were a bit surprised to only receive a piece about the size of one and one half golf balls, we were told it was large enough to share; it was good.'Rolls'This is more of where the major disappointment came in. The rolls were very small and basically fell apart upon touching. I'm no sushi expert but I believe the rice is the portion of a roll that the chef takes the most pride inHamachi roll - fish was SUPER fresh but it again was butchered and appeared to be more of the left overs than a fresh cut of meat meant to be placed in a roll.Shrimp tempura roll - there was very little 'tempura' to the roll and it felt as though the shrimp was split in half to fill an already tiny roll.Gyoza - Not that it was bad but I mean its Gyoza and I've had better at Ramen shops. My wife had a lychee martini that was pretty damn good and they have plenty of beers/wines/sake on hand. Not listed is a warm sake which is decent and cheap at $18. I think the lesson to be learned here is that just because you charge more than market prices for your food that doesnt mean you're a high-end restaurant. There is a sushi joint 2 blocks from my house across the street from an auto parts store that could teach the chefs here a few lessons on preparation, the proportions are larger, the fish is of equal quality, and the prices are a little less. I'm not trying to harp on price here, I go to Vegas knowing Im paying more for everything.We were never offered tea, no edamame which at least to me seems to be a default appetizer when you visit a sushi restaurant. No Ahi Poke on the menu but I didnt ask and they do have a Ahi tartare if I remember correctly, no chicken karage, and I dont even recall a side salad with the awesome miso dressing 99.9% of sushi restaurants offer.Again, the food was NOT bad, the services was good, the ambiance was elegant but it felt more like a steakhouse trying to be a sushi spot. I would like to visit again and hopefully I'll be able to give another star. I would recommend checking it out for yourself if you're really craving sushi and have a couple hundred to blow. It's an experience and maybe they just had an off night. My personal opinion is that I'll try a couple more Sushi joints before returning here.
2	The decor is nice but not quite up to Bellagio standards.  Overall the food was so-so, but when you consider the high prices, very disappointing.  The rolls were horrible and the sashimi although tasty and fresh disappointed because the portion size was so small.We did not overindulge and the cost per person was $150.  Unfortunately there was nothing memorable about the dining experience.
4	Amazing way to end my stay at Vegas. Food quality was outstanding; the Toro literally melt in my mouth. The waiter was very friendly and attentive. I highly recommend the Big eye tuna pizza, the lobster carpaccio, and the Happa roll. I also tried the spicy crab pop roll which was interesting but I wouldn't get it again. Flavors of all the food was great and the only complaint I would have is it is quite pricy for such small portions. Other than that great experience!
1	This restaurant is ridiculous. It was so expensive and the whole experience is totally not worth it. First, the music was sooooo loud and it almost feels like I was in a club. Second, the food is soooo average and the price is so ridiculous. Third, I was so mad at the server because he doesn't know what he is doing and he is totally not helpful at all. I was waiting here for half an hour without anything after my dinner, without dessert menu, without check, without anything!!
5	Yellowtail is amazing! Delicious food. I've hosted a few events there and the staff/management were incredible. I do want to say that I'm a Vegas local. The reviews complaining about price on this wonderful spot seem more geared towards their own financial situations rather than the atmosphere, staff, service, and food. If you rate Yellowtail as a 2-Star because your edamame was too expensive.. A) Read the prices before you order, B) Visit Paruhmp or China TownPS - One of the BEST views in LV!
4	We ate at this place about 4 years ago and absolutely loved everything about it, the food, the service, the ambiance, and, of course, the view of the fountains. This time around, we still loved three out of four of those aspects.  The food was delicious. The rolls are on the smaller side but the fish is very fresh and the seasoning is perfect. We had a split opinion about the popping crab roll. I personally did not enjoy the "popping" part as it felt like my rolls had sand in it, but the rest of the group loved it. The ambiance is still amazing. From the outside, the restaurant looks like a typical strip mall sushi place. Inside, however, it is gorgeous and very romantic. Service, unfortunately, was a bit underwhelming. We ordered our food and I, specifically, asked that we get the dynamite shared plate as an appetizer. However, our server decided that he'd bring the dynamite last, as he didn't want us to fill up on the mayo. Had he brought it up with us, we may have agreed. But he made that decision himself. Somehow, the vibe of the service felt as if they are doing is a favor by letting us done there. Other than that it was a delicious dinner. Next time, I'd probably try another place.
3	My goodness! The food here is outstanding. Try to come early and get a seat by the window for great view of the strip and the bellagio water show. I ordered the tuna pizza. Best flavor combination you could ask for. The entire night at the bellagio I debated going back and getting a couple more of these pizzas. Next I got the lobster carpaccio. Very delicious again but could have used a few more pieces of lobster. After all, $30 for 6 thinly slices of lobster? Let's try and be fair here. Followed with the Kobe beef tataki. By this point I told my server it had all gone down hill. The sauce was over powering and you could barely taste the beef. Next I had the ankimo. Fish liver was tasty. No complaints here. Ended with a toro scallion roll. Needs more toro!  6 pieces od deliciousness but needed more sushi. Service was good. I asked for a second glass of coke from one of the waiters and never go it.  Oh well. I would only come back for the tuna pizza.
5	Another 5 Star at Bellagio. Excellent sushi and the spicy miso is wonderful. Price is inline with Vegas 5 Star. $$$
3	I was disappointed after my recent visit to Yellowtail.  We ordered the scallops (which were AMAZING) as our appetizer and several rolls for our dinner.  When our drinks were brought mine was fine but my date had to ask the waiter for an extra shot of rum because his drink just tasted like soda (they brought it and didn't charge us, which was nice). The rolls came out very quickly but no scallops - the waiter said everything on the menu is an appetizer so they just bring out whatever comes up first.  That was weird to me.  The rolls (we ordered three different ones) were just blah, no decoration or sauce on the plate and we had to ask for soy sauce. The whole experience was just meh - our server seemed like he was losing his mind although it was a very slow night in the restaurant.  Someone who may have been the manager did check on us at least three times after the drink incident.  All in all, uninspiring rolls, weak drinks, way too expensive.
1	If I could give no stars I would. We were staying at the hotel and wanted to grab some sushi. The lady who greeted us spoke so disdainfully to us I was horrified! We had a sleeping infant, and were informed we couldn't bring her in, in her stroller. She was asleep and we were told to take her out and put her on a chair if needed! Yeah right! Needless to say, we walked out and ate at sensi across the other side of the hotel! Which was amazing!
5	Very unique sushi restaurant! We really enjoyed the entire experience and will return on our next visit to Vegas.
2	Overview: Yellowtail is a Japanese restaurant for people who are afraid of Japanese food.When my wife and I went to Vegas for our anniversary, Yellowtail at Bellagio very nearly ruined it. For background: My mother is Japanese, and I've been fortunate enough to visit many times. I don't need my Japanese food to be authentic, but it does have to taste good.Yellowtail's food is neither authentic nor good. The glazed salmon I ordered was soaked in a sugar sauce, sweet to the point of being inedible. (My theory: To cover up the fact they serve cheap salmon.)To their credit, when my waiter came over, he immediately asked me what was wrong. When I told him, he quickly replaced the dish with something edible but completely forgettable. (The good service is the only thing that brings Yellowtail up to two stars.) My wife had a similar experience. The food is more "Japanese-y" than Japanese.Unfortunately for me, I had a severe stomach ache for the rest of the night - a distraction to say the least when I was trying to enjoy Cirque du Solei. The Bellagio hotel staff were completely unhelpful to the point of belligerence, but that's a story for another time.My wife and I are already planning our next trip to Vegas. We would have considered staying at the Bellagio. But after our experience with Yellowtail (and Bellagio), we're going back to the Wynn. They certainly know how to treat customers well there.
