5	Nice, comfortable studio managed by a very able and professional trainer.  Melissa is a consumate professional.  She keeps an eye on every move you make, regardless of the size of the class.  There is a nice mix of mat and reformer work.  The other thing I love about this place is the people who come here.  Very relaxed - friendly - I am a chubby girl and don't  have the bendability of the my more svelte students, but I don't feel uncomfortable.  Also, my K-Mart leggings are good here - not talking the Lulu Lemon, Lucy set - not that they aren't nice, just saying...  One of the best things is that you can make and cancel all your appointments on line!!! Wowza.  That is great!  No painful phone calls.  I cannot say enough good things about this studio and the people who run it and teach.  I never thought I would be comfortable in a pilates class, but lo and behold!  I almost look forward to going!
5	I have been working out at IMX Pilates for about 7 months and have seen significant changes in my body in that time.  I have lost weight doing something I truly enjoy.  The owner Melissa is very knowledgeable about Pilates and has a warm and inviting personality which made me feel so comfortable from day one.  It is the first exercise class that I look forward to taking.  All of the clients who work out there are super sweet and fun to work out with.  I have made a lot of new Pilates friends at IMX Pilates!
4	Bought a weeklyplus special that included a one-on-one workout and 5 group classes. The studio is clean & large bathroom with shower in case you have to return to work after your workout.  I met Melissa the proprietor & she introduced me to the various exercises that get called out in classes so I would be prepared.  She did a great job of correcting my form & was a pleasure to work out with.thus far, I've done the IMX Pilates class and the Floor/Barre combo class...I loved both! A good workout that gets your heart rate up & muscles get a light burn but are all level friendly.  I felt good after & lightly sore the 2 days following.
5	Absolutely LOVE IMX. Not only a wonderful studio with great equipment, but truly amazing staff. The instructors are always friendly and helpful in tailoring the workout to each person's needs. The owner and instructor, Melissa, is very welcoming and knows everyone by name - plus a GREAT pilates instructor. I've had memberships at numerous reformer studios in AZ and this is by far the best. All the instructors make their sessions fun and enjoyable - at atmosphere that shows in the clients and staff alike.
5	As a novice to Pilates, I was a bit intimidated by the reformer. Accordingly my first few classes were brutal, but in the weeks since I've become much stronger and am always glad when I attend. Christina is an excellent instructor; friendly, upbeat and quick to make corrections and provide encouragement. The online scheduling system at IMX is pretty neat and super easy to use. Class sizes are small however I almost always get into the class I want by booking one week in advance. For classes that are full there is also a waitlist feature that has worked out in my favor twice now. Quick Highlights:The facility is always clean. Parking is a breeze. Super friendly environment. They sell water and Juice Core juices (also highly recommended).
5	After "testing the waters" at other pilates studio, I can truly say this is the best in the PHX valley!  Be prepared for some butt-kicking when you go, the jump-boards are both my most hated, while being most loved things.  Christina especially gives you an amazing workout, so much that my friend and I nicknamed her "machina"... seriously best workout in an hour for all over tone/strengthening.ALL of the instructors are great and with smaller class sizes (about 8) they can give each person individual attention.  PLUS they are all about the "safe" way to do things so I always felt assured I wasn't going to leave with an injury- although you will definitely leave sore, it wont be from improper form :-)
4	Very nice! The instructors here are friendly and offer great instruction.  I was impressed that they took the time to get to know me and my name (this has not happened at other studios around town.)  They have two studios and offer a variety of times and classes every day.  Classes include reformer, TRX, yoga and barre.  Be warned: TRX will kick your booty... its a good pain!  I also never knew you could do so many things on a reformer before coming here.  I love that I could find a workout to fit my schedule just about any day and time. Each day they focus on a different muscle group (daily focus changes weekly) and the schedule is posted on their facebook page for viewing ahead of time.  Even though there is a focus, you get an overall workout with each session.  They have a great bathroom area and changing room in the back which is convenient if you're coming straight from the office.I came here on a 10-class Groupon.  I really enjoyed every class I took here and would like to return.  Their monthly subscriptions are pricey, even with a long-term commitment. I'm hoping they offer some new year deals so I can fit IMX into my budget!
5	Love this place. I started out with a groupon and ended up buying a monthly membership. I found out I was pregnant a few weeks in and was able to workout there through my whole pregnancy. The staff is great, the studio is cute and clean and its an awesome workout. I totally credit the fact that I stayed in shape and bounced right back after having my baby to the fact that I did Pilates several times a week.Highly recommend!
5	I found IMX through Groupon, but have stayed because of the awesome instructors and flexible schedule the studio provides. The interior is chic, spacious and well-designed with separate areas for lobby/check-in, reformer and mat/barre classes as well as a private studio. I LOVE that IMX uses an online app to schedule classes in advance. It's so easy to use, and the email reminders keep you on-track! It's a convenient location - right off the 51, and the parking is always easy. Classes ALWAYS start and end on time, so you can get on with your life! This IS the place to come to feel welcomed, uninhibited and get a great Pilates workout.
5	I found this amazing place via Groupon and burned through my 10 pass in less than 3 weeks.  I had never done a reformer class before and was leery of paying full price until I checked it out.  Well, I checked it out and I am officially hooked!  Here is a breakdown of why I'm in love with this place:-The studio is super clean and organized-Equipment is kept in great condition-Instructors are fantastic and pay close attention to each student's form and safety-Classes are always fun and challenging -All of the workouts offered here are challenging but not aggressive.  I get a great workout, sore muscles, calorie burn, I'm already losing weight, all that good stuff without feeling like I've been hit by a truck!-Classes are accessible to people of all ages, shapes, sizes, and abilities-I honestly can't say enough good things about this place!  My mom and wil be signing up for a regular membership this week- we consider it an investment in our health, happiness and wellbeing.
5	I've been going to the studio for about a year it truly has changed my life. Never been in better shape!  Each and everyone of the staff are amazing. The vibe in the space is so positive!  Classes start and end on time. There's a nice Variety of classes. But again it's really the staff that make the experience so wonderful not to mention that the studio is beautiful. I highly recommend IMX Pilates Phoenix!
5	I had never tried Pilates before, but after trying out IM=X Pilates Phoenix via a Groupon, I was hooked and signed up for a year membership here. I should also note that I live in East Mesa, but it's completely worth it to me to attend classes here.I love the fact that I get a full-body workout every time I come in, and the hour-long classes fly by. I feel stronger, more flexible and calmer, and I actually look forward to my workouts. The studio is clean and welcoming, and the women who work here are all extremely friendly and knowledgeable. I never felt like the "newbie" or out of place. Besides Pilates, the studio also offers TRX, barre and yoga classes. All of which are great and all of which will kick your butt in the best way possible.
5	Awesome work out!  The staff at IM=X Pilates is the best.  They are very friendly, experts in Pilates and "gently" correct you. The only drawback is the price.  If only it were a little less expensive I would definitely sign on for more workouts now that my Groupon is fully used.  Fingers crossed they will have a reduced deal soon.
5	This is a great Pilates studio! I came on a groupon and chose to stay. The classes and teachers are great. You won't be disappointed I'd recommend this studio to everyone.
5	I had never done Pilates and bought a package deal at IMX.  I am hooked! I love the classes and the teachers are great! I just wish they had a studio in central Phoenix but the drive is worth it!
3	I started Pilates at this studio on a groupon. First and foremost I fell in love with Pilates here, after my groupon expired I began the 12 classes on auto pay and auto renew. My body is stronger, more flexible and I can see definition in all my muscles. Why not 5 stars then, you wonder? Well the reason for that is the favoritism of certain clients at this studio. I have only been late twice in the time I've started there. The first time 15 minutes, I got stuck in traffic and the instructor kindly explained that I'd missed too much, fine I understood, no big deal. She said at the most 10 minutes late, anything more than that don't bother. That was months ago, well the second time was today I was 8 minutes late. I was greeted nicely (as I always am), signed in and the barn door was slightly shut so I slipped in as I've seen MANY MANY other students do, in all the time I've been there. Right away the instructor ran over and said "no no no no no, once the doors are closed you can't come in".  Not only was I disappointed that a previous instructor misinformed me of the 10 minute rule, the two girls at the front desk LET me sign in without saying anything about not being able to go in the door, there's no sign on the door and lastly the way she spoke to me was like I was a child. If she had nicely said to me I was late, that would be that.  I really thought about it and the part that bothers me most is I've seen people come into class 10 minutes or 15 minutes late, those students I've seen pretty often coming to class or I see them chit chatting with the instructors before/after class and not once have they not been allowed in or told to get up and leave! Yet both times I left as asked, without a word back. I'm not a very outgoing person, I'm polite, I respect the instructors, I clean up (the right way mind you) and I've never missed a payment. This experience was enough to make me rethink my membership renewal. Pilates wise great studio, however you may not be treated like the Pilates regulars even if you may be attending regularly.
5	I can't say enough about this place, it has changed my life!!! The staff is wonderful and knowledgable, the classes focus on a different body area each day of the week to ensure a well rounded workout. With so many class options (yoga, barre, TRX, mat and reformer) it's impossible to get bored.
