5	Hzappy Paczki Dzay Evzerzybodyzy!!!!So, if you're from one of the cities back east with a large Polish population (like Chicago), Paczkis are pretty much a staple for Fat Tuesday.  For those of you unfamiliar, it's pretty much a filled donut, but they're really good, and made even more special because you can only ever get them 1 day a year.  I was told on good authority that Europa is *the* place to go in the valley for real Polish fare, and it certainly didn't disappoint.  They had a whole case of authentic looking Polish baked things like Paczkis and Kolachkis and other things I can't spell or pronounce, but also have lots of Ks, Zs and Is in their names.  From what I saw, the paczkis they had were:  raspberry, prune, cherry & cream cheese, apple, custard, strawberry & probably a few more I'm forgetting. They also had a little Polish deli with more food I won't even attempt to spell, but it certainly seemed authentic.  Lots of sausages and meats and things.   Also, even the people that worked there were authentically Polish!  Well, I'm assuming so, at least.  They were white and spoke with accents I couldn't understand, but reminded me of the northwest side of Chicago.  Go forth and enjoy the fatty deliciousness that is the Paczki before you have to do the whole "Lent" thing, if that's the sort of thing you're into.  If not, enjoy it without having to do any of that pesky fasting.
5	I put my body through hell and back.. some months Ill low carb others Ill eat WAY to much of everything.. the American yoyo diet I suppose. On the eve of my low carb madness I come to Europa to pick up a few goodies.The cheese and cherry coffee cake is the BEST Ive ever tasted! Moist flaky crust covered in cheese and canned cherries.. sheer delight and a real middle finger to the low carb diet! I feel so good and bad all at the same time.
5	Fantastic Eastern European Bakery and Products!Came shopping here for pastries and discovered they have a whole lot more.  Not only do they have freshly baked cookies, cakes and pastries, they also had hand made Pierogis, sausages and kielbasa!  Hard to find Cech candies and products were everywhere, for a moment, it felt like shopping in Brno or Lodz.  The women  who work there are very kind and helpful.  Enjoy!
4	Only 4 because I do not have anything to compare to really? I had the stuffed cabbage, stuffed with ground turkey and spices, and the potato and cheese perogi's. They call it a small plate. LOL that stuff is filling. I think next time I will get two stuffed cabbages because they are the shit. The perogi's were great too. I am glad it was the small plate because it left just enough room for "Apple Slice" apparently it is a Polish version of apple pie. The top crust is more cake like with a glaze over the top. It totally hit the spot. The service is what you would expect from a family fun place .... Perfect and helpful.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE ~~~That's how I feel about this place.First visit tonight, won't be my last.  What can I say about the Polish plate?  Two halupki and four pierogi all cooked to perfection, enough for two meals although the taste alone makes me want to eat it all now.  My waistline won out this time and the other half is safely tucked away in my fridge awaiting breakfast tomorrow morning.  Reminiscent of my youth growing up in PA, ah I feel homesick  now.
5	Amazing bakery and deli.  Eastern european cuisine.  Friendly and generous owners.  Highly recommend!
4	I had to stop by during lunch to see what this place was about. They had 4 or 5 tables inside and 2 tables outside.  A large counter filled with different pastries/danishes/muffins/cookies/cakes/pies.  Another counter filled with different sandwich meats. I didn't order any sandwiches since I had ate, but still wanted a dessert to keep me through the day.  I wanted the Napoleon, but it was too big to finish.  So I had ordered a cheese danish instead.  The cheese danish was big for $1.60.  They do make their own breads. However at 1:30PM, there wasn't too much left.  They also sell European food items and goods.  I like to go back to try their polish plates, stuffed cabbage, and pierogi.
5	Went with my boyfriend for an adventure day breakfast. I got a cheese danish & he got an (apple) pillow. AMAZING!!! The cheese danish was the size of my face and very tasty (as was his apple pillow that I got to try a bite of). DEFINITELY going back to try lunch sometime! And we only paid $7 for our pastries, my coffee, and his water & apple-mint drink.
5	The pirogi w stuffed cabbage were very good.  Eclairs and apple slice superb!The shop is spotlessly clean and the proprietors are very friendly.I'll be back soon!
5	They have PACZKI! Great place! I found this place on Fat Tuesday because I was looking for authentic Paczki's. As a Michigan transplant, celebrating Paczki Day was important? After asking around, all roads lead to Europa. I felt like I was back in Polish town in Hamtramck. Very authentic feeling Polish cafe which I believe is run by a Polish family. Sausage, baked goods, perogi's, and all the works. The Polish music was very cool as well!
1	Today is 4-15-2011 and myself and my husband were driving back from another place and came upon Europa Pastry Cafe. I am European and my husband is Middle Eastern so we love authentic cuisines from all over. My husbands sister-in-law is of the boat Polish and cooks like a goddess and we were craving some good food/pastry. We went in and right off the bat there was such a great aroma of pastry. My mouth was watering. I still did not go over board as we have learned our lessons from the past. Place was clean and well organized. Not much of selection of anything but i guess for the space it is was ok. We were asked if we were ready to order, we were asked in a cold way. Jeeze, we are customers say hello or have a smile. So this was a bit of a turn off. We ordered 4 different things. 10 minutes after ordering we were home and cut the cinnamon/raison bread holy crap it was horrible. It was dry it fell apart and had a stale and bland flavor. I want so much to return the crap right back to them. I have not tried any of the other 3 items but, I hope they are good where I can forget the crap raison bread.I will never go back. Knowing first hand how Polish pastries and food is supposed to taste I can say this place rates at the bottom. Polish food is VERY GOOD and very favorable and this place does not add up.
5	What? There's something on the northside of Phoenix that reminds me of Brooklyn? After spending every weekday for several months last summer working out of Greenpoint in Brooklyn, I had gotten used to seeing signs in Polish and eating Polish foods and shopping in Polish grocery stores. I was surprised to walk in to Europa and say "Czesc!" (hello) to the girl behind the counter and get one back!5 stars because a) this is an unexpected find and b) they carry authentic Polish brands and foods, not the German stuff with Polish labels and c) I got great service.There's a ton of pastries here and Krakowska ham and my favorite- gypsy bacon. I've only so far had some cold cuts (which were excellent) but I will be back for some sauerkraut, some pierogi and for lunch sometime as well.It's really great to find these foods in Phoenix.
4	If you love Polish pastries and thrilling food for Easter this is the spot to go.  Fresh breads, cookies, sandwiches to die for- you can't go wrong here.  The owners are adorable and the staff is very helpful. Forget the run of the mill donut shop- this place will make you forget about any other donut shop.Great for breakfast or lunch.
5	Awesome Polish Pastries
5	Awesome Pastries!
5	Picked up some raspberry Paczki for Sunday morning coffee.  Would have liked some bread as well but we were too late in the day, 2:30. Clean and friendly. Will definitely return.
5	Paczki w Cafe Europa w Poland jest lepiej niz cokolwiek skosztowal w Chicago i moga byc rownie dobre jak te w Polsce.  Best pazcki outside of Poland!
5	I have to say, these may very well be the best Paczki I've had since moving from the midwest. When it's Fat Tuesday and you've missed your Polish family's food for the past year and you learn about this place, it's like finding a hidden piece of heaven. The family at Europa is super friendly and seem very pleased to see anyone come into their shop. I will most definitely be going back to try more of their wonderful food in the near future.
5	It's places like this that make me thankful for Yelp!  Being from out of town, my friends and I were looking for a quick breakfast stop to grab some baked goods and coffee.  This place popped up on Yelp and just as described it was awesome!  We got several different danishes, a cinnamon roll and sticky bun.  All were delicious and still HOT!  The coffee was excellent too!  They had a hawaiian hazelnut coffee that day that had a coconut flavor to it and was delicious!Bottom line: stop by for some delicious baked goods and get here early for hot fresh out of the oven yumminess!
5	Delicious pastries and Polish dishes.  They always have speciality seasonal baked goods.  This small family owned bakery/store is consistently great.
5	I love this place. All of the pastries I've tried were excellent. I was thrilled to find that they also sell Kinder chocolate! I really recommend this place.
5	I was just leaving the bar a few doors down last Sunday watching the Dutch national team lose their third game in the EuroCup, when I noticed the European bakery was still open. Being a lover of pastries I dragged my friend over to take a look. I was joyfully surprised to find that they had a variety of delicacies that included Wedding Cookies, danishes, sausages, cheeses and some canned goods. The most tempting items I purchased was a Huge Apple Strudel (10 inches long) for a little over $6. It was amazing! Some Polish sausage with a wonder smokey flavor that makes an amazing sandwich when paired with Sweet Hot pickles and a huge jar of Polish Plum Butter which I have a hard time finding even in a small jar. My grand kids love it almost as much as my wife and I do. I'll be going back this Saturday for some more Strudel and Sausage even if it's 25 miles away! Don't miss the opportunity for a special European treat that is just as good if not better than all the bakeries I've been to in Europe.!
1	the bakery is okay but the service is terrible; went in on Saturday to pick up a cake I paid for and ordered on Tuesday; Waited 40 minutes and then when they finally got to me they said they had not started on the cake yet! I waited 40 minutes and there were only 2 people ahead of me. 3 employees walked by and did not aknowledge the wait; They told me to come back (too bad I pre-paid for the cake) and did not apologize, just went to the next customer; there are much better European bakeries in N. Central such as Karl's or Jana's that are better bakeries and better in service
5	This place is (pardon my 90's slang) off da hook! They have a variety of Polish (and other European) treats! I'd love to try it all even though I have no idea what is in it. The workers are very, very nice and happy to answer any questions. It's a refreshing menu change from my usual donut places! Though I still order pastries, including awesome donut-esque things filled with jam. Yum!They also sell imported foods, so if you're looking for a specific ingredient to make a fun European dish they may have it here!
5	This Euro/Polish Cafe is fantastic!  Their stinky buns, apple strudels and donuts are the best.  I couldn't decide which to buy so we bought several things to take back with us.  The strudel was my favorite!  Light and flaky pastry with a delicious apple filling.  Yumm-fest 2012!
5	I went looking for a kolache and discovered the kolaczki.... a little flakey pastry filled with fruit or cream cheese and dusted with powdered sugar. :-)There were a LOT of pastries to choose from as well as a few aisles of Polish grocery items. I purchased a few kolaczkis and a few mini strudels. I'll be back to try more. It's a good thing they are not close or I'd try something new every day!
4	I've came and picked up pazaki the past few years on Fat Tuesday, this year to make sure my parents had some we tried to come in the day before. Unfortunately they were closed, I think it was a poor decision to be closed the day prior to Fat Tuesday, now my mom is stuck eating grocery store "doughnuts".
5	I love this place!! Being too polish to function in Phoenix sometimes is hard but this place has all the classics! Everything is made fresh in the morning.
4	I saw a picture of some yummy looking donuts someone had purchased here so I bookmarked it to try. When I went, there weren't any of those donuts but they had plenty of other tasty treats to try. From cookies to breads to flaky Danish - it was hard to make a decision. I decided upon two cheese Danish and a croissant. The woman behind the counter was nice and friendly, but unfortunately I didn't have any cash and had to use my card. She kindly pointed out that they only accept a minimum purchase of $5 if using your card. Not a problem!The inside isn't much and it's dimly lit, but definitely don't let that deter you. The Danish and croissant were delicious! The cheese Danish were huge and so, so good! They were sweet, creamy, flaky... mmm. Both my husband and I devoured ours. The croissant was really good too - soft, buttery, and flaky. Yum!The location isn't where I normally travel, but I might have to make an exception and come back to try some more of their treats!
5	Drove up to Europa to pick up some cakes for a party, store was empty and no sign in the window.
2	I wasn't impressed with this place. I'm a Romanian girl who's fairly new to Arizona and when I heard about Europa Pastry Cafe I was totally excited to stop by and purchase cooking ingredients that I wasn't able to find the the local grocery store. The workers seemed very rude and the store was kind of dirty. Also, some of the prepackaged items were expired. I ended up leaving empty handed and very, very disappointed. Wouldn't recommend this place.
1	closed!!!!!
5	So sorry to hear they have closed!
5	What happened to Europa Pastry Cafe? Did they move to a new location? Is the owner's okay? I went to their bakery when they were in Chicago many many years ago. I hope everyone in their family is okay. Please let us know. When I stopped by a few weeks ago, I saw that they were closed. Very disappointing. They had the best pastries and cakes, as well as a great deli and all kinds of polish items to buy. Please let us know what happened to Europa's.Thank you.  They are really missed. From a long time customer.Erma
