5	There are a lot of Domino's branches in Edinburgh, but this one is definitely my favourite! The staff are really friendly and if you ask for anything extra or special they will deliver. My ex boyfriend once was trying to make it up to me for being a total twat and so ordered a pizza to spell out 'i love you' in pepperoni. Developing on from this, I always like to have my friends names on their pizza's, just to see the reaction on their face when they open it up. I get the feeling that not every branch will allow this (following a less than enthusiastic conversation with the Morningside Branch) so it just goes to show what a great branch this is.Personally, I LOVE their BBQ Texas and Ham and Pineapple is a nice version. My favourite thing about Domino's is their little pots of garlic sauce to dip the crust into - genius! They often give you an extra pot too, if you order 2 pizza's. They have a great deal on every week too - particularly Two for Tuesdays. Check out the websites for your nearest and their deals. Seriously worth looking into!
4	Before I came to uni I hardly ever bought takeaways, and I blame these guys for the fact that that's no longer even slightly true! Yes, they're pretty expensive, but they always have great deals on and I have to say, they're definitely persistent!We get a new menu from them through our door at least once a fortnight, and their persistence has paid off on more than one occasion! Their pizzas arrive much faster than other pizza delivery firms too, which is always a bonus. There's nothing worse than pouring over the menu for ages trying to figure out what to have, only to have to spend the next hour an a half of your life salivating at the thought - but not sight - of it!Their latest gimmick is "Two for Tuesdays" which, as the name suggests, gives you 2-4-1 on pretty much every pizza they seel on a tuesday. Genius! Could being a slobby student be any easier? Well yes actually, as that offer applies to deliery as well as collection! Getting fat on your sofa has never been easier...
5	Wow, good old Dominos, I just love this place! If I had to choose between Dominos and Pizza Hut I'd almost definitely choose Dominos and it's because their pizzas aren't as greasy, are super tasty and come with the most delicious garlic and herb dip for crust dipping, yummy!If you are a Dominos fan, make sure you get your cravings on a Tuesday when it's buy one get one free! Hurrah!
2	Out of the big three pizza places, Domino's is always the last I would choose.I find thier based stodgy, the toppings greasy and also I think they are bloody expensive compared to Papa Johns or Pizza Hut. They take forever to make and deliver, and the staff never seem to be happy.If you do find you have to go to Domino's, go on tuesdays when the deals may save you some money.
4	Living in catered accommodation, the is bound to get quite repetitive once in a while.. cue Domino's pizza!Although the Nicolson branch of dominoes is just a mere ten minutes walk from my former dorm, we would frequently call and order in for many cosy nights in with a movie! If you take the menu at face value, they're quite expensive for what they offer, but every self respecting student I know owns a domino's Pizza Heroes card. This piece of gold will get you any size pizza for a fixed price, and I'm a big fan of the garlic and spicy dips that come with one. A great side to the pizza are their chicken strips, which really should be  meal on their own! Just like Papa John's, this branch of Domino's is strictly a takeout/delivery joint, so it wouldn't be wise to want to eat there.
5	Pizza Hut and Papa Johns are good, but Domino's annihilates them on virtually all fronts in my opinion.  They have great range of toppings, an impressive selection of bases and their pizzas are all fairly well priced.  My favourite has to be the pepperoni and pineapple which is always delicious, juicy and served with their amazing garlic mayo.  As with many other fast food chains, Domino's have plenty of offers on, especially for the students amongst us.  If you fancy some pizza for a lazy and cheapish dinner then Domino's is ideal.
