4	Great place to visit if anwhere near royal Mile or castle. Large extensive menu with good variety of dishes which are ok pricewise , well stocked bar and service is professional , friendly and fast. Can get busy but you won't hang aroung too long for a table.
2	The funniest part of this place is listening to a Scottish singer trying to cover American songs...  priceless.Also, for some unknown reason the "New York" and "Manhattan" menu items were loaded with meat.  Does anyone think of New York when they think of "American meat"??Pretty much take an Applebees, add even more crap on the walls but with all British automobile memorabilia and put it in Scotland and this is what you would get...
3	What can I say for a place that looks like chain restaurant in the middle of High Street. Perfectly executed if you are looking for a place that resembles TGIF, Chili's or Applebees. I'm not saying it is a bad thing but rather that it's just ok. We came here twice during our week in Edinburgh and they were both good experiences. The service was very good and I did enjoy the automobile decor they had plastered all of the place. They had Guinness and Kopparberg and that is all I needed for drinks so that was good too.So the food was pretty standard fare but I did get to try their haggis appetizer and it was good. The burgers were nice and meaty and the calzone was big and tasty too. They weren't mind blowing but solid as far as quality goes. Their dessert choices however were subpar but luckily we weren't lacking for sweets during our lunch visits.
3	My B/F and I had a great time at Filling Station. Yes, it is very Americanized but it has a great menu with lots to choose from. Our waitress was from Canada and she was very nice and helpful. To be frank, her lack-of-a-European-accent made me assume she was American from the West Coast. I had some pasta which was pretty average but good. My B/F had a calzone he absolutely loved. I tried his and his main course was definitely better than mine. The decor of the place is very eclectic. The place is huge for great for groups. The service was quick and friendly as well. I guess you could say you've experienced better but honestly, when there are a lot of pubs on the street and what you want isn't a pub meal... this place is pretty good.
2	We accidentally ended up here during a torrential outpour when we had no choice but to take cover in what ended up being a Scottish impersonation of a TGIFridays. When you're aspiring to a type of cuisine that isn't worth the flattery of imitation, it's quite the uphill battle. What the place does offer is decent prices, large quantities, way too many options, and cheerful service. Well done capturing the essence of casual American dining!! If you are American and on vacation, don't come here. That's like going to McDonald's in Paris instead of getting a baguette sandwich. Well, I guess that's not a fair comparison since Scotland hasn't any offerings even a fraction as tempting, but you know what I mean. Try to experience local fare, no matter how dismal it may be, for the sake of culture and adventure! You're better off getting fish and chips or a meat pie in a local pub. If you do get stuck here, though, do NOT get a hamburger. I made that mistake because I saw one on nearby table that looked pretty good and I thought the local Angus beef would somehow elevate it from a typical American meal. Unfortunately, what I got wasn't tasty at all, but had an unpleasant flavor and dry texture. My boyfriend's steak and ale pie was much more appetizing, I'd recommend that.The saving grace of this establishment, besides our extremely friendly and competent waiter, was that they offered an appetizer of deep fried haggis balls. This means you can try one of the scariest dishes of all time in a form that's easy to get down, especially if you share the order with a group.  A few bites of the deep-fried spiced organ meat and you can proudly respond, when inevitably you are asked, "Yes, I had haggis in Scotland. No big deal!"
1	JUST KEEP WALKING This place is a tourist trap, and a poor one at that. service poor, food overpriced and poor, glasses not to clean which matched the cutlery staff unhelpful and uninterested in actually doing there job. BE AWARE YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!
4	Aw the poor Filling Station has taking quite a beating on Yelp and I'm not sure it entirely deserves all the bad press. If you take a trip to the Filling Station you should know what to expect, typical American food fast food; burgers, hot dogs and the like all at quite reasonable prices considering it's location. I popped in here last summer with a few friends when we were exploring the street performers of The Fringe along the Royal Mile. It was really busy but we thankfully were able to get a seat. We shared some potato skins and nachos and got some cocktails too. The cocktails were tasty, the food was pretty good and it's a fairly inoffensive place to sit and have some snacks.Despite the fact that it was busy, the service was fast and the staff were very friendly so I think the Filling Station deserves four stars.
2	There are lots of restaurants in Edinburgh on a similar vibe as the Filling Station, and to be perfectly honest, they are all better. It's a huge place and the memorabilia fills every inch of the walls. It's a nice enough place - clean and tidy, I mean - and the staff are nice. But it doesn't quite make up for what you get. The food can be quite greasy and I wouldn't trust the meat, to be perfectly honest.Yeah it's ok, but  I would never go out of my way to come here. But if I was stuck for somewhere to go and happened to be in the area I would pop in. it's not all that bad.
4	I like this place, so it suprises me that the filling station hasnt got more positive reviews.Firstly, the Filling Station is like a car version of Hard Rock Cafe or TGI Fridays - car memorabelia everywhere. Saying as I have a passion for cars, that kind of pleases me.The food here is predominantly burgers and chips, and other american foods, but it tastes good - the portions are big and I didnt think it was too expensive.The staff were really friendly and nice, but also quick and efficient. I would most certainly be coming back!
3	This place is taking a bit of a beating, Eleanor is right. There are worse offenders in Edinburgh than this joint. The food is pretty good and not really that much more expensive than anywhere else.Ignoring the silly titles, the Hot Dogs and Burgers are great. Portions are a decent size and it tastes like it was cooked that day, which is always a bonus.Staff look a little tired, but what waiter doesn't.
5	As Eleanor and Stuart have pointed out, The Filling Station just doesn't deserve the dissection it's had on Yelp. Some of the reviews,  especially the very suspicious looking one from Grant, reek of giving a slating for the sake of it. While the restaurant is by no means a classic, it's far better than some of the others on The Royal Mile, a street with hands down the biggest number of utterly shit eateries I've ever experienced, anywhere.Burgers, ribs and chicken, not as good as TGI's but a fair bit cheaper. It doesn't deserve 5, perhaps not even 4, but I'm marking it up to balance out all the venom-spitting.
2	Like Sarah Beth said below, "If you are American and on vacation, don't come here. That's like going to McDonald's in Paris instead of getting a baguette sandwich."  So why did we go?  We ended up here after asking the concierge at our hotel (a really nice hotel!) where to go.  In fairness, we asked for a good/local meal, but didn't specify that it shouldn't be touristy.The decorations, the service, and the ambience were nothing to write home about.  The location was fine (on the Royal Mile).  The appetizer (bruschetta) was  actually quite good.  BUT the meal, itself, was a big letdown.  The sides were plain bad--a miniature serving of coleslaw drenched in mayonnaise, and fries that had clearly been reheated from a freezer bag.Eat somewhere else.  It doesn't matter that this place's prices are reasonable, since the food isn't worth it.
3	Chunky glasses, large portions and reasonably priced grub are all on offer in what appears to be a mediocre option for hearty food.Keeping with its motorsport themed interior, the food is simple and unpretentious with the likes of burgers and ribs frequenting the menu: a distinctly American affair.What makes it mediocre is the occasionally slap dash dollop of mayo laden coleslaw, stale bread sandwiching the burgers and the stick thin chips. Nothing terrible but nothing to grab your attention either.
5	The Filling Station is one of my favourite food places in Edinburgh. Situated in the centre of the High Street on the Royal Mile, The Filling Station is always very popular with the tourists. I love to go here for food because it always reminds me of America with the American style decor and its huge portions. Inside the restaurant it is very 'Americanised' with car registration plates, maps and the seats arranged in booth styles to be like a diner. The menu is very American/Texan orientated with dishes including burgers, nachos, steaks, and of course, chips! I adore their burgers, which are absolutely massive, and if I eat one for lunch it will always fill me up for the whole day. The prices are really reasonable too with most main meals priced at about five pounds. Also, I think special mention ought to be paid to The Filling Station's milkshakes, particularly their strawberry, which is absolutely gorgeous! There is a bar inside which overlooks the busy Royal Mile so it can lovely to go here for a drink in the afternoon and watch all the tourists. Every time I have been to The Filling Station is has always been really packed, especially on a weekend, which is a good sign, but not so great if you want to eat here and can't get a seat! The Filling Station has plenty of tables and chairs outside the restaurant on the High Street so it is a great place to sit on a warm day and watch all the action on the Royal Mile.
3	After touring the castle the friends and I popped in here to wet our whistles and grab a tasty snack. It's your run of the mill Pub, they had a good selection of beers and ciders and we ordered two appetizer platters.A little Applebee's-esque. But the Peterbilt grill on the wall reminded me of my Grandfather, rest his soul.We were able to snag a table, kick back, relax, enjoy our beers/ciders and ate some potato skins, some nachos, a few southwest taquitos, and an assortment of other fried goods - all very healthy, obviously.Located far enough away from the castle to weed out the majority of tourists, yet close enough for window shopping and browsing en route on foot.Near the cab lines for easy exit.A decent place to stop in and take a load off.
2	You can't expect a lot from a chain that touts itself as serving "American" style food and glorifies gas/petrol stations. (not typically a place for the best meals, in any part of the world). In any case- what to expect: huge portions, mediocre in taste, pretty noisy atmosphere, but nice staff. Dairy and/or meat in everything. We were also seated in a spot where there was clearly supposed to not be a table- a high traffic area where people kept bumping into our chairs. Because of that, very unpleasant. Otherwise, a good spot for groups, it is a huge place.
4	One of very, very few places open and serving food after 10 pm in central, touristy Edinburgh.  We didn't realize that it was American diner themed until we'd been seated, but we weren't exactly at liberty to be picky, seeing as this was the 7th place we tried and the only one who would seat us.The food was fine, nothing stellar or outstanding, but reliable and filling at good prices. The extra star comes from the service, as our server was super friendly, checked on us a couple of times, and had a happy smile the entire time.
3	Great place to grab some lunch (chicken wrap was delicious!) and sit down for a bit after walking all over Edinburgh all day. Loud music and tv's make for a lively pub restaurant. Took forever to get our order placed when during proper lunch time as they were packed, but worth the wait. Good crowds, good food, standard beer, mediocre customer service.
1	Dismal. Below average food at above average prices. The Filling Station is just another homogenised would be American Diner styled eatery where the burgers are served on bread dry enough to make you order another drink. If you are after a manky burger, why not o to MacDonalds or Bilurger King where at least you're expecting disappointment. The single onl redeeming feature of this place is the fact tha the beer is cold, beyond that there is nothing that will get me back in here again.
2	Meh, this place is really hit or miss. I have been in one time & managed to get a great meal off some sort of set menu thing... it was a good, portion good & salad fresh. Whereas the next time I went in food was a little cold, prices had gone up & service was a bit crap. Once I asked for a specific table & the waiter sighed right into my face... come on mate at least make an effort to try & hide the fact you can't be bothered to wipe it! Used to like this place but after last few times probably wont be back for a while as its gone downhill.
2	OK, so sometimes it's easy to just do something kinda familiar.  We'd eaten at the Filling Station in Stirling and we were tired, so this worked for us.We all had the dinner special - appetizer & meal thing.  They were ok. Now first of all, please don't advertise you are the "great American Highway" as you are not Route 66. And don't paint all your memorabilia red; this is considered a "hot" color and if you want people to hang around and drink, you don't paint & decorate in red, orange or yellow.AND, yes, we know the waitress was trying to be helpful, but you are a service industry. When a patron (that would be the person paying the bill) says they want an item, don't try to talk them into trying something else. The customer is always right; you are there to serve. If they ask, then answer, but don't try to influence over and over; it's very annoying.
2	This place is your quintessential American Route 66 diner style place, with all the old car signs and parts all over. I went for breakfast after a night out  so I was pleased to go somewhere that was serving familiar hangover foods. Hash browns, eggs and the sort. I ordered the hash browns, which could have been McDonald's hash browns if I didn't know better, and then the omelet  I ordered was completely flavorless. Really disappointing. It's the first time I've ever had to use hot sauce just to get some flavor.It's fairly obvious that it's not a Scottish pub from the outside, so hopefully not a lot of people make the mistake of coming here thinking that's what it is only to find an American style restaurant. It was nice on that day, but I wouldn't go back.
3	Had a dinner here and it look like something recooked. Very average...
3	quite a nice bar/restaurant! prices are ok and the taste of the food is simple but good. the ambience in the inside is what it makes it more comfortable to hang out and have a drink or two!
3	When traveling I always have to try someplace that claims to be American style and see how close (or not) they got it... Budweiser was on the menu, so that was a good start (not that I'm a fan of Bud though lol).  They did have some competitive pricing but watch out - soda refills are not free like they are in the states.  I had the chicken fingers starter which was OK (and came strangely on a bed of coleslaw).  For my main I had the meatball calzone which was actually very tasty!  Better then the calzone over at Pizza Express... Can't say much for the atmosphere -walls were plastered with american posters, they played 80s and 90s rock and pop, but it was Sunday and the place was mostly empty... Overall it was ok.
1	This was bad...
3	Noisy and slow, the food was good but the overall experience much less than perfect.  Waiting at the bar was not bad, but waiting at the table later was a bit long and noisy.
3	i'm a fan of chain restaurants.  they're reliable and generally consistent with the food and service that you get.  so when a group of 6 of us were looking for a place to eat dinner near the royal mile on one of the last nights of the fringe festival, we decided to head here.  on arrival we were told it would be a 50 minute wait but since that was likely to be the wait anywhere we added our name to the list and sat down at the bar.the bar was packed, obviously with everyone else that was waiting for a table but we managed to grab a tiny booth so at least the ladies could rest their feet with a seat.  the boys finally managed to get to the bar and returned with drinks which luckily took up most of the waiting time as we were soon shown to a table.  now this table may have be able to seat 6 children, but 6 full sized adults was a bit of a squeeze!  we didn't complain though as we couldn't really afford to wait for a table much longer in case we missed our show.the menu is fairly standard american type food.  loads of burgers, wraps, pizzas, pastas, and some other american classics.  most of us went for the burgers and one person had the kentucy wings and chips.  i have to say for a really busy restaurant, we got our food fairly quickly.  the burgers were all of a good size and i have to say mine was quite tasty.  but compared to some other burgers i've had recently (burger meats bun!!! omg!!) this one lacked a bit in comparision.  having not had a proper lunch and breakfast being long gone i also forced the boyfriend to share a side of mac and cheese with me.  this was ok, but a bit bland after all the bacon on top was gone.so if you're looking for a place to go for a good food on the royal mile, then the filling station is definitely a-ok but that's as far as i would go.  i enjoyed my meal, but i think that was mainly due to the company and not for the fact that the food was outstanding.
2	This was recommended to us so we thought we would try it. But then wished we hadn't bothered and regretted choosing an American diner over a traditional Scottish pub. The food was very average but I was super ill after I ate it. That put a dampener on my short 2 day trip to Edinburgh! The service was ok, the prices ok too. The food tasted ok as we were eating it...but I wouldn't go there again now!!
3	So it was our first night in Ediburgh, and our group couldn't agree where to eat. We walked up and down the Royal Mile looking for a place that had something for everyone. Looking at the posted menu on the door, it seemed like this place would do the trick.We walk in and it's an American themed restaurant! Leave it to us to travel halfway around the world to eat at a place just like home. Even the menu called them "fries" instead of "chips"!I had a bacon cheeseburger, and the bacon is quite a bit different in Scotland than back home. Instead of thin crunchy strips you get a bigger piece of fried pork. It's more like a slice of lunchmeat than american bacon. Still good though. The burger was very good. The waitstaff was attentive (and one of the guys in our group even tried to get her phone number - sheesh. College kids!!)I'm knocking off a star for the bathrooms though. Truly disappointing. Everything was wet as if there was a leak in a pipe or faucet. The stalls were dirty and broken. There were no paper towels or ways to dry your hands. Just awful facilities downstairs.As an American reviewing an American themed eatery abroad though, they did a pretty good job getting it right. The decor and music were spot on for the 50's. The classic comfort foods and american fare were all there. It's pretty legit. Like going to an Applebee's here in the states.
1	The staff were very nice and attentive - shame the drinks ( flavorless and seemingly devoid of alcohol ) and food were not of the same quality. The food was greasy / and sloppily presented and disappointing.There are better options on the Royal Mile
1	Turned away at 10.15am because the kitchen was too busy. Plenty empty tables though. Poor management, if you're going to advertise about a new breakfast menu you need to expect this and plan ahead.
