5	I like this store- I have a member card so I save 10% every time I make a purchase- believe me, it's worth it. (Also a Hawaiian Miles Mall participant. Free shipping on the website with orders of $50 or more.) I don't shop here when it's regular price- hey, these prices are high. I come here a few times a year when there are two big sales. I buy in bulk so I can give the items as gifts- I shop year-round so I always have gifts on hand, for female friends, anyway. That's one of my shopping secrets. In addition, there are other promotions as well, such as "Buy 2 - get 1 free." Since I belong to the e-mail club, I get the updates and that's how I am in the know. I really love the Body Butter products ( mango, coconut, shea butter, vitamin E, cocoa butter, raspberry, just to name a few- so often imitated, but not perfected), the gifts (no-brainer gift idea), and the foot kits (great as gifts, but I use it too). When we're at the Fashion Show mall, this is a must-stop during sale time- twice a year (with other promotions during the year). This location is a bit smaller than the one at the Boulevard Mall. The location is convenient to where we find parking: outside Dillard's. We enter Dillard's to get to the mall.
4	If your skin is screaming to be saved, The Body Shop is the place to go for items to revitalize and pamper it. Although I stop by from time to time, I do not see a variation in products or stock like I do with other retail stores.The major difference is in the quality of customer service. The girls that work at this location are bubbly, chipper, and took no time for them to convince me to stop by. The body butter, lip balm, and tea tree oil products are some constant essentials that I have on hand at all times.
4	I was walking around Fashion Show trying to figure out some Christmas gifts and ended up going in to browse. I came at a good time since the entire store was 40% off!It's been years since I've been in a Body Shop, but mostly because I used to work for a beauty product boutique so I took a while to browse and try things. I ended up with a few gifts for people, but a body butter and a tea tree face mask for myself. I don't enjoy overly fake scented products and lean towards neutral scents, but their scented stuff here is pleasant enough that even I bought a honey flower scented body butter.The girls were welcoming and warm so no complaints on the customer service department.
