5	There is an older gentleman in the Liquor dept of this store that cracks me up!  He is the friendliest man and seems so happy you can't help but crack a smile!  This man makes a trip to this store a pleasure!
4	Clean, Organized Store with Friendly Service.
3	I hate going to this pharmacy late at night, since there is never anyone working at the front they have this incredibly loud and annoying buzzer go off whenever someone comes into the store. Then it proceeds to go off every single time someone walks through that door. However, I would like to add that service is friendly!
2	Walgreen's has the best nuts. However, they recently changed their prices and only give a cheaper, 2-for on the halves and pieces. And they upped the price (again) on the whole cashews.  I will be shopping elsewhere.
5	They are open 24 hrs. The employees are always nice and helpful.  Always neat and clean. They have some groceries including cold and frozen. This location has a liquor dept, and the other chick is right - FUNNY older guy there often. Totally talked me into buying whip cream vodka when I just went to the counter to buy a wine opener! I don't even drink foofy booze. I came back home & my husband was like, "HUH?" ha ha  (and yes, it's good, the guy was right).
5	Pharmacy was very helpful at 3 am when my child had an ear infection. The prescriptions were filled quickly. The only place I go for middle of the night emergencies.
3	Friendly employees, convenient location and open 24 hours. I fill my prescriptions here. Kind of slow in the pharmacy, even though they're auto refilled each month.A heads up on their new policy: As I learned in April before surgery, if you have a prescription for a controlled substance, Walgreens will have to call your doctor to verify exactly what it's for. Think they said it takes 24-48 hours. Psst, if you're in a bind like I was: Hit up their competitor across the street. They don't have this type of policy. Thanks for ruining it for everyone, ya RX Smack Addicts! Also love that there's a Redbox here.
4	This is a good location for Walgreens.  The cashiers and various attendants were helpful for my wife when she was looking for something specific.
