4	Ichiban is a fast food spot located within the Fashion Mall across from the Wynn.  The UFO shaped mall has a large food court with lots to choose from, but Ichiban is probably one of your best bets.  Ichiban is a Chinese fast food restaurant that serves quality and tasty food at a reasonable price.Whenever I'm visiting Vegas, I make a point to stop by at Ichiban and get a plate of their delicious teriyaki chicken and vegetable fried rice.  The teriyaki chicken bursts with flavor as its drenched with their teriyaki sauce.  The chicken itself is tender, tasty, and nicely grilled and goes great with their fried rice.  In addition, the Mongolian beef is also worth trying and has a bit of spice to tingle the taste buds.The food portions are large and more than enough to fill you up.  The cost of two entrees and fried rice is about $6 and after you add a drink, your total comes to about $8 and some change.  I highly suggest trying Ichiban; you'll love the teriyaki chicken.
5	One of the best sushi I've had. Ordered tuna sushi, Philadelphia rolls, dragon rolls, las Vegas rolls, and shrimp tempura rolls. Also had an excellent miso soup and mango Mochi ice cream. All were incredibly tasty and delicious. I wish I wouldve ordered their tuna sashimi. Buttery, fresh and delicious. Well worth it, considering their location at the basement of the Bally's.
3	Nice lunch spot in the Fashion Show Mall that is close to where I work. Everytime I have eaten here the food is always fresh.The sesame chicken and the teriyaki are very good and I like their rice. I judge Asian places on how well they can make rice. I know this is weird but I can't stand rice that isn't soft and fluffy. If I can't pick it up with chopsticks it is a no go for me. It seems recently they have been offering a small sushi selection. I ordered some inarizushi and was surprised when the clerk told me it would be about 5 minutes. Not only did they make it right then but they made it the way I like it. Inari needs sesame seeds and they did it right!
4	I work in the mall, so it is hard to find a good, affordable place to eat. Ichiban offers a plate with fried rice and two sides for $5.89 + mall discount which is unbeatable. Not only do they have good prices but their food is flavorful and generously portioned. Try the chicken curry....it is some of the best.Enjoy!
1	Noodles were disgusting. Like spiced top ramen. They ruined everything. Anything they touched. Teriyaki chicken was nothing special. Sesame chicken had a bone in it. Drinks are way overpriced. Egg drop soup alright. There's a reason there's no line for this establishment.
1	It was lunch time so we decided to eat at the food court. I ordered the bento meal which had sesame chicken, teriyaki chicken and fried rice. When I took a bite of the chicken sides, they were cold and it seems like they are serving leftovers. Both of the chicken were tasteless and bland. The fried rice had no flavor.  You're best of eating Panda Express than this place. I'll never go and eat here again.
3	Stopped by this place in the mall food court for a cheap and quick meal to save some money while in Vegas as the cost for eating out everyday adds up! The BF and I chose to eat here as it looked the most appealing out of the other choices in the food court. I got the fried rice, teriyaki chicken, and broccoli beef. The fried rice was not very flavorful and very dry. The broccoli beef was also not very flavorful. The teriyaki chicken was the best out of the three, but wasn't amazing. The BF got yakisoba, BBQ pork, and teriyaki chicken. The noodles were plain, greasy and had a weird sweet taste to them. The BBQ pork was better but super fatty and swimming in sauce. Overall, this place was a good deal for the amount of food but didn't taste the best. After eating here and walking around, we saw that there was a Chipotle, Johnny Rockets, and California Pizza Kitchen over by Dillards! I wish I would've known that as I would've eaten at one of those places instead as I know what the food is like and you can't really go wrong. Or even at the Nordstrom Cafe! We ate there the next day and I ordered off the kid's menu and got a grilled cheese and tomato soup plus a side of fruit for only $5.50! If you're looking for a cheaper option to eat for one of your meals while in Vegas, check out one of those instead of the food court.
2	I'm sorry to say that Ichiban is really not a good place to eat. Actually, the whole food court in the mall could be way better on a deeper level! If you're planning to eat here, or really intent on eating here...I would say that their best out of all dishes would be the chicken teriyaki. On my plate, I had the chicken, noodles, and shrimp tempura. All of it was painstakingly dry and not very well seasoned. None of it was really that warm either. I'm probably not ever going to eat here again. On the plus side, the people working here were very polite and nice! The food court is one of the worst places to eat in the entire Fashion Show Mall. FSM, please reinvent your FC, because the place is just too big to be -that- bad.
1	Tastes like straight up garbage. Don't do it. They should be out of business. The udon and chow mein tastes really funky.
