1	I won't ever use this office again. The dentist and hygienists were fairly competent...other than taking a small chunk out of my cheek. The bad experience came from the front desk. They were supposed to originally schedule me for one long visit to take care of two cavities. I showed up for the visit and once they got me numb they informed me that they messed up the scheduling and that I would have to make a return trip at a later date...the person at the front desk tried to blame it on the new girl even through I specifically remember her confirming the one long appointment. I'm self employed so multiple visits eat up my schedule and cost me money...but they didn't seem to care. They then billed me an extra $200 on top of what I was told I would have to pay and somehow tried to blame their screw up on me. One particular lady at the front desk was more than rude and deserves to be fired. I will not waste any more time or money there. It takes a lot for me to leave a bad review.
5	I'm always a little leary of dentists since there are so many stories of dentists recommending procedures that may not be necessary, so when I was told I needed two fillings by a new dentist I didn't get the work done.   THEN my tooth started really hurting. I went to see dr wheeler  who told me I didn't need to get the two fillings and that he suspected it was sensitivity and wrote a script for a sensitivity toothpaste.  His staff cleaned my teeth and everyone was casual and friendly, which makes a stressful experience SO much better. My trust in dentists is restored!!  Thank you, Dr. Wheeler and staff!!
5	So, it turned out that I needed a root canal and crown. Experienced excruciating pain and the staff and Dr. Iniguez was able to get me in the same day and provide antibiotics and other meds that helped provide relief until I could start the root canal. While the dental work was not a great experience (wouldn't be anywhere), I did really appreciate the quality and considerate care provided. I also appreciate the willingness to take a conservative approach before starting a root canal/crown. I know many people feel that they are oversold services at a dentist's office, but that definitely hasn't been the case here. I highly recommend this office!
5	I just moved to the area from out of town and I brought my kids in for cleaning. The front desk staff was wonderful. She was extremely patient and helped me navigate my husbands insurance. The wait was very short! The hygienist was very nice and the girls were put at ease from the start. After the appointment the kids continued to tell me how nice they were and that they got to watch a movie while their teeth were being cleaned. I have seen Dr. Wheeler before and knew he was a great dentist and he certainly did not disappoint! I will drive the distance again to see Dr. Wheeler and his staff.
