4	This place has cracked me up since I was a kid.  My step-dad was SO into westerns (Yes, we all had to wear cowboy boots and cowboy hats...) so we made the long trek to both Rawhide and Reata Pass.  Before Phoenix/Scottsdale/Cave Creek started pushing northward - this was FAR away. I used to sleep in the car on the way home.  It's shocking how close it is now!The whole feel of the place is that you've basically hit a, 1880's strip mall of sorts.  Visit the jail and the blacksmith - either before or after dinner.  Dinner of course is the highlight of the trip.  Portions aren't quite as big as I remembered as a kid, but they are still definitely cowboy sized.  And while this place could have easily raised their prices FAR too high, they really didn't.  It's not cheap, but it's well priced considering where it is, how long it's been in business, and that they could totally be screwing over the tourists - still one of their mainstays.  It's a great time for someone who wants to see the Disney version what the old west "really" was like, or just for someone who wants a nice steak in a fun atmosphere.
3	Fun atmosphere. Definitely a land mark tourist trap. Its one of the oldest stage coach stops still standing. You can still view the original jail house across the street, bars and all. Live music, good appetisers and burgers, average steaks.Great place to have a large gathering r event. Rio Verde Horseman's Association has their annual dinner dance here in the Winter.
4	Good food, good service, fun atmosphere, reasonably priced for what you get. The place was almost empty when we visited. The waiter took us on a tour of the facility (that has a capacity to serve 1700.  The best part was visiting Norman -- the pet rattlesnake -- in his glass cage.
5	I'm a fan.I stopped for some fun gazing at the weekend farmer's market and decided to stay for lunch.  Had a great burger, half pound for $8.45, friendly staff was busy with lunch time crowd but still kept my soda full.  Nice Old West atmosphere.The table next to me ordered the wings and I could smell them as the server brought them past me.  I'm normally not a fan, but these were exceptionally great smelling and my hound dog nose was aroused.  I asked the orderers and they confirmed they are the best on the valley.BTW, despite the name, they unfortunately no longer sell steaks for lunch or dinner (I asked).
2	Well, the beer selection definatelly lacks here! the burgers are tasty but again served with potato chips and not fries :(  the billiards need servicing and half the video machines are broken. They keep odd hours so its very hard to predict when they are going to be open.  Friendly staff and nice outdoor scene with some lively music.
1	wow, this place has gone down hill.  I first went here 5 years ago while visiting from the east coast.  Steaks & Ribs were both great back then...not so much anymore.  The first bad sign was the plastic garbage bags over the toilets in the men's room.  Waitress was a sweet girl but was overwhelmed with the smallest task.  The ribs are off the menu so we ordered steaks and burgers and they were either overcooked or cold or both.  Meal took 45 minutes to get to the table but must have been sitting on the counter.  This is a classic location...needs some TLC to get back to better times.
3	Cool, cowboy place in the middle of the desert!  We stopped in last weekend for a beer and enjoyed the atmosphere.  I didn't like that one of the staff bad mouthed the competition down the road...no need to do that, in my opinion.
4	Good ribeye steak and garlic mashed potatos. Mesquite flavor. With a local beer, $30. Rustic, next door to Greasewood flats. Same family. Eat here or there, you'll like it.
1	I wish I could post a review for the food, but sadly I never got a chance to try it. Several months ago, my fiance and I decided to have our rehearsal dinner here. We spoke with the manager and were told to simply call two weeks before the date, as the restaurant would not be busy. When we called at the agreed upon time, we were surprised/shocked to discover through the outgoing voicemail that the restaurant was closed for the summer. As instructed by the voicemail, we left a message but never received a return call. We were never given any indication that the restaurant would close for the summer. Luckily, Pinnacle Peak Patio was available and more than happy to accommodate our rehearsal dinner.
