4	Hazelwood's boasts 15 flat screen TVs to showcase everything from baseball to extreme fighting to NASCAR to football. The bar is laid back and cozy and offers a nice-sized patio. They have live music and attacts a 20 to 60-something crowd.This is definitely a neighborhood bar, attracting a friendly crowd. And there's an abundance of beers on tap.
1	My inner-nerd was excited to hear about NTN Buzztime and team trivia so I was stoked to come down and try this place out.  I wasn't stoked, however, to learn that NTN and team trivia were two different things.  And I wasn't stoked to wait 10 minutes for our server to wipe down our sticky table.Regardless, this place's parking lot was packed and the bar was buzzing with Thursday night football and baseball fans drinking down pitchers and pints.  Aside from the pool table and shuffleboard, as if that alone wasn't awesome enough - they have FOOZBALL too!!The food and service was pretty average. I ordered a grilled chicken and ortega chile  sandwich with Monterey jack cheese.  It tasted pretty bland - I ate only half, which if you know me, means it must have been pretty blah.  The fries were the zesty seasoned variety - probably frozen, but were still pretty good.  Rum and cokes here were standard as well.  Glasses were shorter than expected, but neither too weak, nor too strong. Now to the trivia.  It's team driven and can go kind of slow.  So the bigger the group at the table, the more brainpower (but also, the more likely for differing answers and arguments).  For my friend and I, who thought we were at a disadvantage - we coasted to 3rd place (out of 10).  Not too bad, and we won a gift certificate back to Hazelwoods.  I'll use it someday I'm sure.  Like when I'm in the neighborhood or something.  Not in a big rush. P.S.  It was Grover who was on the cover of Sesame Street Fever, in case you're wondering.EDIT: 11/07Ok, I'm downgrading to a one-star review, which is for the understaffed Saturday when I went to watch Big-Ten football and have some lunch with a gift certificate.  One server to about 30 people in the entire restaurant portion.  To add insult to injury, I paid with a $10 GC and left a $2 tip for an $8 lunch and the server chased me out when I left and couldn't wait any longer.  Service was so slow and the attitude of the server toward me in the parking lot was uncalled for.
5	[Edit/Update]:  Okay, Hazelwood's has stepped up their game.  they now have flatscreens outside for a perfect outdoor gamewatching experience -- or if inside is the way you swing, then each booth boasts its very own 15 inch LCD.  Their wing selection has grown and their beer continues to be on a rotating special.  This place is a premier game watching spot.I really love this place as a happy hour spot especially because they have the tastiest wings in the valley and because they have a specialty beer on sale every day (maybe its a weekly sale -- don't go consistently enough to know).  Oh, and these beers are huge too.Some nights, Thursdays i think, you will run into the Roller Derby Girls post-practice or post-fire-bombing, whatever.  Frankly they frighten me, but I find it pretty intriguing that they go there to get lit. If the Roller Derby ain't your thing then they have plenty of large flat screens to watch a sporting event.  Their set up is pretty conducive for good game-watching.  They have some table games like shuffleboard (fun) and foosball (fun) and videogames like Big Buck Hunter (dumb -- for my dweeb friends only).Hazlewood's also has one of the best smoking patios in the Central area -- its huge and you can usually find a good seat.  Typically, we park it out here for the majority of the night.Trivia night used to be pretty cool as well, but got to be sooo cool that everyone we knew would join us on Thursday nights and fuck up our sweet answers.  Stupid friends.The four star ranking is a result of:~ Great wings~ Good beer specials~ Good smoking patio~ Interesting clientle ~ Good game watching
2	I was ridiculously drunk by the time I came here. All I remember was:1. a huge foam football helmet on some douche bag2. pizza so oily it oozed out3. wings that didn't taste spicy or sweet4. Arizona college decals in the bathroom5. Arizona losing to UCLAOh, and there was a huge football size scrolling marquee on the front. Unnecessary. Well, it was free because my buddy paid but other than that, I don't think i want to ever go back. At least there is no smoking in Arizona now.
3	Probably would have never gone here if I hadn't gone with the derby dames.  Way outta my drive radius.  But they do have a mean burger!!
3	My buddies and I came out to Phoenix for Spring Training.  We flew in on a Thursday night and decided to check out the bar scene. One buddy knows a guy in Scottsdale and tells us to check it out.My buddy and I get there and its more of a pool hall atmosphere (ie NO CHICKS!!!).  We joined our other buddies at a table and had a full pint of beer (only $3!!!).  Atmosphere was dead for a Thursday night, few if any chicks and the guy at the bar attempting karoake was loud and annoying.....so we probably went here for all the wrong reasons...maybe not a college type bar scene
3	Of the "Woods" family, that being Teak and Hazel, this is my least fave...Service is rather on the forgetful side and I found running to the bar and fetching drinks a much more efficient enterprise...Kudos to the myriad big TVs with flat screens.  I was able to distract myself from the Suns getting spanked by watching the D-Backs handle the Padres.  Food was a resounding "meh".  Yeah, the typical bar fare was offered, i.e. fried stuff, burgers, dogs, wings, etc.  Surprisingly they offer salads.  I for one don't believe salad should be on any bar menu, but hey, whatever works for ya!The true barometer of any "pub" is the fish and chips and wow was I underwhelmed...Two bricks of fish ( who knew there are square fish out there in the Pacific? ) and those brackety-netty fries that Chick-Fil-A cornered the market on - blah!Sorry fans of the woods of Hazel...I won't be back.  You can find me in the forests of Teak from now on!PS- The only reason it got 3 stars and not 2.....Personal TV in the booth.  Kinda cool :)
3	Sometimes a place like this is not too bad to hang out at.   It's your typical sports bar.  Greasy fried food.  Big patio for all you damn smokers. Very average cover band(s). The music I heard was AC/DC, to Van Halen then to Metalica. That's about it, just a bar to go have a drink at and get some greasy food.
4	That's one hell of a big burger - and for only 9.99!!! 2lbs of freaking beef and and 10" burger is what results... bring a couple friends to get this thing down.Large outdoor well-misted patio, "coldest beer in town", Karaoke on Tuesdays and Saturdays, interesting crowd. Old-school sports bar atmosphere.
3	My recent addiction to NTN Trivia led me here last night. After hearing they have tvs in the booths I was on a mission. The place is kind of reminiscent of my time working in real estate. It is a meeting place for 50's male sporto guys that drink too much, make gestures at the girls, and think beef strogonoff is gods gift to man. You know the type I'm talking about. This place was full of them... I'm sure at least 75% had subscriptions to every sports package on TV and every lolita porn site on the internet. I just ignored them, and I wasn't bothered. There was a girl in the corner dancing to Jay Z with her hands in the air and shaking her ass.... she was roughly 50 and white. The entire bar is covered in sporto stuff from the sport ball carpet, to the logos and memorabilia everywhere. Think Dustin Hoffman's room at the asylum in Rainman, but with soccer ball carpet. There are a ton of tvs everywhere, including your own if you get a booth. They have foosball, pool, darts, and shuffleboard to keep you entertained which is great. They have a nice patio too, unfortunately so many people smoke on it you can hardly breathe.I liked their menu as it was extremely varied. I ordered the Sweet Chili Wings and was amazed at how many I got for $5.95 and they were pretty big tasty wings too. Also at the table was a cheeseburger that looked good until my girlfriend proceeded to take all the veggies off and put a pound of ketchup on it, slice it in half, and then rip the halfs in half with her hands. Weirdo. After dinner we sat drinking beers and playing trivia until almost 2am and were never rushed or made to feel like we should turn the table. The service was not good by any means but they were at least welcoming. I'll go back here. It wasn't an amazing experience, but it is definitely a fun place with at least decent food.
3	The good:* Beer specials - Each night there is a draft beer available in a 24 ounce mug for 4 dollars.* Wings - Try the spicy garlic. You can get them baked if you like it that way too.* TVs - Tons of them and booths have them as well. Always lots of sports on if that's your thing.* Bartenders - Easy on the eyes and usually friendly, unless you're a drunk/creepy guy.The bad:* Waitresses - Usually overworked on busy nights, it can take a few minutes to be served or get another drink. Order a pitcher or a 24 ounce mug to avoid waiting long times between service, or if halfway done with a drink and the waitress comes by, order another drink early. Words to live by if you go to a busy bar/restaurant.* Music - Local music is more often a miss than a hit. Just be aware that sometimes it happens and if you can avoid it you should. Plus it takes away the shuffleboard and pool table area, so those won't be useable during a band.* Karaoke - I like a good round/night of karaoke but the nights they have it are usually pretty bad. Maybe I've just been unlucky and been there on especially drunken nights. Either way it was hard to sit through. (shots helped though)* Rowdy Sports Fans - Sometimes things get a bit crazy here during big games, so be prepared if you go on such a night. Big cheap beers and really excited sports fans sometimes means a super loud and occasionally obnoxious environment.
3	lets face it 3 stars is all it gets because it was A-OK. not exactly the place i would intentionally travel to. way outside my zone of travel.i tried the hot wings, style Hot. the flavor was good, the heat was good. they gave me the option of Blue Cheese or Ranch, i chose ranch because i do not like Blue Cheese. they also gave me a serving of honey mustard..which may be normal. i'm confused because the serviing of honey mustard dwarfed the serving of Ranch, which is a typical side for Hot Wings. overall the wings were good, spicy and crunchy. ranch and Honey Mustard complimented the Spicy Hot sauce of the "Hot" Wings. i spent 40 bucks with Tip for 2 people drinking througout the cardinals semi finals vs. Carolina. much surprised by the conclusion. i figured choke was on the menu...but no.the outside Patio area is expansive, which is nice to see for a bar. smokers have received very little respect...and smokers used to be the bread and butter for bars. as we usually drink more as we smoke. but they have added booth style seating to the outside patio which is now partially inclosed by clear plastic sheeting to enclose the patio area.if i lived in the area i could see this being my neighborhood watering hole...but since i do not live in the area..i will keep the Roosevelt as my local watering hole..despite the obvious contrast between the two bars.Hazelwood's, thank you for being my 100th review.
4	This place gets 4 stars from me for 1 reason only...CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP CH CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP drinks!!!  Drink specials like whoa!Hell yeah!  And isn't that why one goes to a sports bar anyways?  Maybe that's just me but I doubt it.Furthermore, I contemplated grand theft for the first time in a long time after seeing all of their TVs.  HD as far as the eye could see, 60+ inches everywhere, it was truly a sports fan's paradise.  I was afflicted with serious TV envy when I realized how much they dwarfed my TVs at home.Their happy hour specials were awesome, $6.50 BIG domestic pitchers that served at least 4 full pint glasses, 4 sliders for $2.50 that were of WAY too much for me to eat on my own, $5 personal 1 topping pizzas, and an attentive wait staff that could have probably been around a bit more but definitely wasn't MIA by any stretch of the word.Look, I could sit here and tell you the food was gourmet, but I'd be lying.  It's a sports bar and we have to be realistic.  If I were you, other than the drinks of course, I would go for the wings.  They were super cheap as well and definitely the strongest part of our meal.  Oh, and the curly fries were delicious :)I was teetering around the 3 and a half star point until I went in the bathroom and saw that they had Team Trivia contests 2 separate nights a week and Karaoke another 2 nights...SOLD!Great place to catch happy hour and watch a game, but wouldn't stray too far off the beaten path of normal bar cuisine, could get a little iffy.I will definitely be back, my friends and I all had a great time.
1	this place blows. the waitress was so horrible, and just stood there and talked to some douches at the bar while we were waiting for her to acknowledge us so we could get beer. i had a burger and it was so messy i actually had to eat it with a fork, and that's weird. it wasn't horrible tasting, i suppose, but still, this place is dumb.they do have playmakers, though. so, 1 star. we probably won't ever go back.
4	A less pretentious place you will not find in the Valley. Good assortment of beer on tap (including my current favorites, Sierra Nevada Pale Ale & Widmer Hefeweizen), and every night they have a different beer special for $4 in a giant mug. A giant mug of decent beer, that is--none of this Extra Lite Carbonated American Urine stuff. I think they regularly have a bottled beer special too. The people-watching is good. On the weekends, expect groups of shrieking ladies in their 40s w/ excellent 1980s hairdos being ogled by middle-aged guys with large, round stomachs. Other entertainment includes a pool table, table shuffleboard, and many flat-screen TVs w/ sports. Bonus: We ended up there on a Saturday night during karaoke and were treated to a guy in his mid-50s belting out "I wanna fuck you like an animal!" with great enthusiasm. I hadn't expected that when we left the house for the evening.The food is basic but edible. Apparently they have a 10-inch burger. I find the idea somewhat nauseating, but I suppose it would be money-saver if divided among several people. It's important to line your stomach with a big slab of protein before downing big $4 mugs of beer, one after another.Service-wise, the bartenders are quite good, but table service is hit and miss, particularly if the place is busy.
2	I tell ya, we have been to Hazelwoods A LOT.But after last night and the continuous nights of crappy service, it was our last.The place is half full and you get service as if they were both slammed and understaffed, it makes no sense.  Last night we constantly saw the girl we thought was our server (not sure as she never came back) constantly going towards the bathroom.  Hmmmmmm.  It's not like she was going to a stockroom then coming back with supplies.  We loved Hazelwoods because it's a good place to watch a sporting event, the food is good, the wings are good but not hot enough, (even the suicide are like medium), and the beer selection is good.These things, however, are overshadowed by the crap service.The waitstaff, consisting of all females, is just the worst.  We have spent too many occassions either never having a server approach our table or once they do, they never come back.  When they drop off your food, then never ask if you want anything else or check back to see how the food is.  When they drop off the check they do not ask if they can get you anything else or if you need something else they will gladly get it.  They do not refill waters, even when you have downed 4 steins of beer, they simply do not care to get or refill anything that is not making the check grow.I'm a former server of many years, am I too criitical?  No.  I simply knew how to get better tips out of my customers.Too many times my husband and I have been irritated in Hazelwoods rather than having a good time, that tells me no more visits there.Bye bye Hazelwoods.
3	One time visitors from out of town on a Saturday night.  Good crowd of regulars.  Not pretentious or touristy as the Scottsdale Rd bars; more of a working Joe & Josephine's bar.  Reasonable prices.  Karaoke was fun.  Had NTN trivia.  UFC on plenty of screens.  Outdoor patio featuring bands on certain nights.  Only complaint was the waitress did seem to pass by many times when the beer mugs were low or empty.
3	This place is alright.  They have tons of TVs, with individual one's at the tables.  It's perfect for trying to catch all the games on Sundays.  The food and drinks are pretty cheap, but they're skimping on quality.  You get what you pay for here.  We had watered down screw drivers and a mess of hash browns and eggs thrown on a plate.  The waitress needed an attitude check too.  There are better sports bars around here, so I'm skipping this one.
3	I've been hanging out here a bit since it's on the way home. I've never sat in the booths so my experience is restricted to the bar. The BAR! I never saw one where they iced it down to keep you glass cold, so that was cool. I've had the wings they are decent and the bartenders are attentive enough to warrant hanging out here.
1	I live close to this place and they open early for hangover breakfast and have delicious pancakes and AMAZING onion rings. My boyfriend and I like to devour onion rings as early as possible in the morning and these are amazing and conveniently located. But: the service is AWFUL. WORST SERVICE EVER. even when we are the first customers there in the morning, the waitresses sit in a booth and watch TV and never come back. when its medium crowded, the waitresses disappear. when its overcrowded, they never come back. they dont pay attention to who walks in first... so if you walk in and sit down farther from a table being served, the waitress will skip you and go serve the person who is closest to her (but walked in 10 minutes after you). my boyfriend and I joke that we have an abusive relationship with hazelwoods. we are like beaten wives -- going back because we love the onion rings, but knowing we are going to get treated awfully.one time i asked for a vinegarette and received raspberry walnut vinegarette and had an allergic reaciton (nut allergy). the waitress never came back to bring us our check.ive had to get up many times to find the waitress on slow, empty days to pay the check.the last three times we've been we have walked out before being served because we've waited over 10 minutes in a moderately empty restaurant or the waitress has served someone who came in after us first. sometimes you will sit for 20 minutes without acknowledgement our menus.the management is NEVER THERE. its like no one is running the ship.
2	Visited Hazelwoods today for Yelp Book Club.  While I had a blast talking with the group about the book, I was less than thrilled with the restaurant.  Was the service bad because of the USA/Canada gold medal hockey game?  There were a lot of people there, but I wouldn't necessarily call it "crowded."  The only way to get the waitress to come to our table was by flagging her down.  Even that didn't work sometimes.  On the bright side, I actually enjoyed my French Dip quite a bit.  But the lack of quality service trumps the food in this case.  Plus, it's far from where I live, so I won't be back.
2	I came here for the book club yesterday, and I can't say that I will be back  any time soon.  The afternoon started off well, but ended in a general distaste for this place.When I first got there, there was hardly anyone at the resturant, and it seemed like we got loads of attention from our server.  She was always coming over to us to bug us to order something.  I honestly wasn't that hungry, but I felt like I should order something, since the waitress kept coming over.   I ordered the American hot dog plate, and got fries and my coke to go with it.  Eventually every one else ordered, but one girls sliders order completely got ignored and never delivered.  When she mentioned something to the server, she seemed as surprised as we were.  It seems like after I food got delivered, that's when things went downhill.  For starters, the place got packed with people watching the USA/Canada hockey game, but I feel like maybe we got forgotten.  So much so, that I had to ask a manager to get our bill for us.  I also told him that we haven't seen or heard from our server in almost an hour.  then, when the bill DID finally come, we had to send it back to get split so we could all play our share.I know its a sports bar, but it really lacked in service.  I think our table really felt ignored after while, with no drink refills, and having to flag down servers to even get our bill.  I don't plan on returning, as I was neither impressed with the food nor the service.
2	3 Words: Worst. Service. Ever. I'm usually pretty tolerable about less-than-stellar service, but this place takes it to a new low. I met some fellow Yelpers for our book club meeting. I was there a few minutes later than most of the group so they had drinks already. Our waitress came right over and took my drink order - a water to start. We all started talking about the book so we were a little slow to get a food order together. She came over and asked a few times and we finally ordered. We had probably been there 30 minutes at that point. It takes a good while for the food to come out and we don't really get much drink service in the meantime. She might ask one person (they probably had to flag her down) and then would leave without checking with anyone else at the table. I was able to somehow convince her to bring me a pint of Fat Tire. Not sure how that worked out. Although, someone ordered a shot and was brought out not really what he ordered. When the food comes she brings two other people's order, but not mine. I figured she couldn't hold them all or it was a few minutes behind. We don't really see her for another 30 minutes or so. We finally flag her down and I ask her to cancel my order. She looked all surprised and seemed like she tried to blame it on some guy. No apology, no nothing. We received crappy service the remainder of our visit. We asked for separate checks and she brought over one long bill. One gal took it up to who we think is the manager and asked it to be split out. We ended up getting separate checks, but my drink and another girl's fries were on the same bill. Really? Ugh. Not a big deal in the grand scheme of things, but was just the gross maraschino cherry on the top of a melted sundae. Yeah, the Olympic hockey final was on, but it wasn't busy at all before that and we still had bad service. We determined they don't like blondes. I'll pick a better sports bar before I color my hair. =) Recap: Worst. Service. Ever.
1	Bad.  Decent beer selection and okay food.  The service is consistently terrible here.  Please don't listen to the geniuses on here who went during the gold medal hockey game and expected top notch service and split checks.  Anyone from the service industry knows that type of table.  It sounds a bit like extortion too.  "Kiss my ass and I'll write you a good review on Yelp."  Please simply trust that the service is terrible whether you're there for a sporting event or a night with nothing going on.  ALWAYS terrible service unless you happen to be one of the dozen regulars there.  Just go to Zipps across the street.  Great addition to the neighborhood with stellar service and delicious food.  I have no business interest in either of these places, but Hazewood's has always given me every reason to stay home and drink beer from the fridge.
1	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):n/a Food4 *Drinks*3 Service7 Atmosphere8 ValueHazelwoods had the major misfortune of treating a table full of Yelpers like crap (not rudely, just poorly).  I was here for the UYE Book Club #2, and it was fun and thought provoking.  The Yelpers that came to this were also fun and interesting.  Enter Hazelwood, because of course the world's energy must remain balanced.We were left unattended for long stretches of time.  I had to actively wave her down to get anything at all.The food took forever.I won't go into the minute details, but let it suffice to say that my Jagerbomb orders were a mess and a half.Kym C never got her food; or even her water.My seat was unable to see any TV so every time the bar erupted into cheers i had to turn 180 and hope for a replay (USA-Canada gold medal match).  In a sports bar there should not be a single seat that can't see a TV.  It's called planning.Add that it's not light rail accessible and I really can't come up with any way that I'd end up here again.
4	Came here to watch UNI dominate #1 kansas, and watch the wrestling championships and got a great server! Had some hot wings and a kobe buger that was one of the best bugers i've had in a long time! They had a pretty good drink and food special and a nice atmosphere. Next time I'm back in Phx I'll be come back for sure.
3	WOW The land of a thousand HD televisons! This is a sports bar located in the heart of Phoenix at 36th street and Indian School rd.  It does not disapoint when it comes to televising the big games!  They have EVERY sports package imagninable all throughout the year and even sponsor a local rugby team to boot!  The food isnt bad for sports bar fare, the beer is ICE cold and for an older central phoenix building this place is really well maintained.  Only three stars because the only local beer they have on tap is 4Peaks KiltLifter, a beer that can be had at Fiesta Mall Red Lobster, kinda missing the point right?  A good place to visit for really cold beer and that all important scoreline when ih the city of Phoenix.
2	I REALLY wanted to like this place!  Good location, good sports decor, large cheap pitchers, and bar sports (pool, darts, foosball, scuffle board), but alas, I did not.I have to agree with some (most) of the other Yelpers when I say the service was subpar.  Usually I can handle poor service if the food is decent (I know, I know, it's bar food) but even for bar food, it wasn't very enjoyable.  I mean, HOW on EARTH do you mess up a cheese crisp and chicken tenders?!?    We may go back for a late night foosball game and a health dose of beer, but as far as dinner, drinks and sports.... I sadly say, head across the street to Zipps.
4	I've got two words for you: trivia night! Hazelwood's is the place to be for trivia night! It's sooooooooo much fun! The food portions are ridiculously huge, so are the drinks, and playing the game is free! If you're not a smoker, the down side is that smoking is allowed on the patio =( On the upside, there is a flatscreen tv in every booth and even more holstered to every square inch of the walls throughout the bar - all of which are tuned in to local and nationally televised sporting events! So, long story short: if you're looking for a place to get together with friends for some inexpensive (yet tasty) food, and some kick-ass trivia ... then take your butt over to Hazelwoods! (Just don't sit in my booth!)
4	When I want a 10 inch... I know where to go now.My friends and I came here for trivia (Thurs @ 8pm) but was pleasantly surprised to find that they offered a 10 inch hamburger for only $10! Of course we had to try one, we split it for ways and that was plenty. It was actually pretty good. The meat was moist and flavorful, the bun held everything together. I wish we had more fries though.We did order a basket of fries that never made its way out. Our server was nice enough to offer to comp them but we were way too full from he burger to think of eating more fries at this point. The drink specials were good. We had $2 bottles of Bud Wheat, it was actually pretty tasty. The trivia teams here are kinda different. Not what we're used to but every bar has their own crowd so I'm not going to ding them for this. I had a good time here and the food and service was fantastic. One thing I have to mention is that the parking here is ridiculous when its packed for event nights (such as trivia). We were close to being boxed in by other cars.
4	I've been a fan of Hazelwoods for years! I love the Greek Salad. But they never seem to put enough red onions on the salad. I always have to ask for extra red onions. (that's just my opinion) The Ruben Sandwich is very yummy! If you like sauerkraut, they put extra on this sandwich. Now, I've never had one of their burgers until last night. I seriously think I hurt myself! We started off the night with a $5 Kiltlifter mug and then ordered dinner. The 1st Place Burger and french fries was a big helping! I was able to eat 90% of my plate! Since I live 100 yards from Hazelwoods we always walk. The walk home was hurtful! I don't think I'll have the burger again. It was delicious don't me wrong, it was just too much for me. On another note, Hazelwoods has some of the best Garlic Chicken Wings around! I defiantly recommend Hazelwoods to any and everyone!
4	I always go here for the UFC fights and they never dissapoint. The atmosphere is a tad divey, but I like it. The bartenders are always friendly. The have TV's everywhere, including the large, covered smoking patio which has the misters going in the summer, and heaters in the winter. I like to smoke a cigar and drink some beer while i watch the fights, so the bar and patio is where i spend most of my time. There are also personal TV's located at all the booths.The beer is cheap and they are always offering a $4, 25oz mug of some quality beer (Widmer and Dos Equis to name 2). The food is very reasonably priced considering the portions you recieve (large).The waitstaff can be hit or miss, especially if they're really slammed, but overall they're pretty good.All in all, a good place to go out, watch sports, and drink and eat for a reasonable price.
5	Once again, I go here on 7/3/2010 for UFC fight Lesnar Vs Carwin. Although I'm dissapointed that they're charging a $5 cover at 5:45 even though the fights don't start til 7, I get over it quickly because Tammy, the bartender, is and always has been, top notch. I usually patronize this place twice a month, tops. Tammy remembers me, and knows what I drink. Wow. After 2 beers ($4 25oz Dos Equis), I tell Tammy I am going outside for the remainder of the evening to smoke my cigar and watch the fights on their large, misted patio. No problem. The outside waitress (Rachel?) immediately comes over and calls me by name and asks me if I want another. Tammy's on the ball and has tranferred the check, even though I know she's slammed at the bar. Needless to say, the rest of the night was terrific. I enjoyed a good cigar, watched some good fights, and got stellar service, inside and out. I will never go to another bar to watch the UFC. Thanks Tammy.
3	I'm giving Hazelwood's a tentative 3 stars.  It seems as if they've fixed their service issues.  I've been there a few times for happy hour in the past month and they seem to have implemented a team service method.  Still good food and nice cold beer.
3	I went to watch the UFC fights Brock vs. Cain.  First thing I was caught off guard at was $5 cover to get in.  They did offer prizes which included alcohol in a raffle so that was fine.  One major thing was they wouldn't include it in my tab I had to use the ATM which cost me some more money.  Lucky for me I got there early so I got a table that I could see 3 TV's from.  So on to the food and drink.  I had a 25 oz Dos Equis Lager for $4 which was the special not bad to start out with.  I put in an order for half of a dozen hot wings.  I was really unimpressed with the wings.  They seemed over cooked and there was barely any sauce on them.   I would expect the hot wings to be hot but no they weren't.  So overall a good place to watch the fight as the crowd is into it.  I will have to try other things I hear the burgers are good.  Also remember to bring cash for the cover.
4	Okay, so if you're looking for a real sports bar in Arcadia you've found it. It's totally a man's bar and one of those places you feel silly ordering a martini or glass of wine but that's what is great about it. You've got shuffle board and pool and TVs and a menu that will make any lover of fried food super happy. I mean, it even has one of those machines that you blow into to find out your blood alcohol level... need I say more?
1	I to really wanted to like the place. It seems to have a lot of cars in the lot when I go by so I stopped in tonight at 6:30 on a Friday. There were not that many tables occupied but the stools at the bar were full. I walked up to the bar and ordered a Vodka Collins and asked for a menu. I was thrown off guard when the bartender asked me what that was! I told her how to make the drink. Which was served in the wrong type of glass and without a garnish!  I decided then that $4 was all this place was getting from me!  I am so sick of bars hiring untrained bartenders because they think a cute girl or guy is all that is required. Well I'm not gay and I don't like girls so this doesn't work for me. And the guys usually don' appeal to me either if they are clueless.I don't tip the clueless. That's my new motto.The drink still was not up to par so I sucked it down and called it a night.As for the rest of the service; I was asked by 3 waitresses if I would like to order since I had a menu in the 29 minutes I was there, but when I first came in I could not find one.The menu was not very appealing so I probably will never return.
4	I met up with a buddy of mine here last night for a few beverages.  The bartender was very nice and I also met the owner, who you could tell was very involved with making sure customers were happy.  I am not sure if it was because I was really hungry, but the nachos were great even though they didn't look too exciting.  I particularly liked the iced rim around the inner edge of the bar to keep drinks cool; I am sure that is great in the summer.  The patio had a fire going and people who were not playing trivia (was trivia night) seemed to be channelling that way.  Speaking of trivia, some cute older gentleman recruited us to help them with some music trivia and they were excited we could help them out :)  The patrons in general seemed very nice and friendly.  And best of all, beer is cheap!
4	I'm not a huge fan of sports/sports bars, but I really liked Hazelwoods. We came with a few friends on a Friday night and played team trivia - even took third place and won a $10 gift cert!We didn't eat, so I can't comment on the food, but we got lots of rounds of drinks and the service was pretty good. They carry Ace Pear Cider in bottles for those of us that are gluten free, which was a nice surprise. The hands down best thing was finding out that they had a FREE shuttle service both TO and FROM the bar! I was going to be the DD for the night, but quickly scrapped that idea and got a ride home at the end of the night.
5	Yes, just about every free-standing bar (meaning one that's not part of a hotel or something) tries to claim sports-bar status by littering their walls with big-screen TV's and tuning each to some different game. Well . . . see . . . anyone can do that, which is why it's popular. To make a REAL sports bar you need a management who develops sports as the raison d'etre of the place itself. And yes, I just used a fancy French phrase to philosophize about a sports bar.Hazelwood's not only has large TV's on almost every vertical surface, they have TV's at every booth, just like truck stops in the old days had mini-jukeboxes. Hazelwood's has good bar-fare at good prices on their menu, but also impressive specials that are only in effect during games. One of their beer specials when I visited was Widmer Hefeweizen. How often do you see that on special in other places?Hazelwoods's not only welcomes local amateur sports teams, they sponsor a few, like the local rugby guys.Hazelwoods will not only call you a cab if you over-imbibe, they also will shuttle you home in their own shuttle craft for free within a reasonable distance. This is putting their money within reasonable distance of their mouth, if you ask me.But what is most important--and is most likely a result of the policies and features above--is the customer base. When I go into a sports bar and sit at the bar I want the guys next to me--strangers who just happen to be sitting there--to occasionally lean over and say in breathless excitement while staring me in the eye "THE DIFFERENCE IN TIME OF POSSESSION IN THE FIRST HALF OF THE GAME WAS LESS THAN 5 MINUTES BETWEEN NEW YORK AND INDY!" Seriously, this is important to me because just as people in a dancing bar should be fully involved with dancing, people in a sports bar should be fully involved with sports. And I find such running commentary helpful because I basically don't know shit about football.Also, on the night I was there the rugby players were entertaining the whole bar with their profane gang-sings about necrophilia and such. This further contributed to the integrity of the impression. This is a sports bar full of sporty people.So yes, Hazelwood's is a success and deservedly so. This is a SPORTS BAR. It's not an Applebee's, nor is it a dive with a lot of TV's. If you enjoy the spirit of the rabid spectator and can share the excitement of those who thrill to vicarious participation, you should go to this place.
1	WOW, I feel explaining my experience here would not even come close to how I truly felt, words cannot express.The service was TERRIBLE.  I can start with the witchy "know-it-all" bartender being completely rude, not helpful, and pours one awful drink.  If you order a mixed drink, don't expect any alcohol in it.  The bartender informed me they serve 3 1/2 counts per drink, and if you're a bartender like I am-you know thats not even a shot of liquor.Second, the bald manager who made inappropriate comments, and even shut the fire off on us when about 4 of us were sitting around it!  Then proceeded to cackle laughing as he was walking away to sit with two employees who probably had gotten off of work.  I also watched him down two cocktails, and smoke cigarettes while going inside and out of the patio.  That is some extreme inappropriate, dissatisfying management.I will never return to this place again, I now know why I avoided it for so long. There are WAY better sports bars within a 1/2 mile radius of there with better food, service, and ambiance.Even the diviest of dive bars are better than this crap.
3	A so-so sports bar that treats us well on Tuesday nights. The karaoke is scary (I'm really not a fan of that "art form") and the tables are really small so we can't ever fit our whole team around one table.  The drinks and food come fast and they're an okay price. Not a bad stop but I wouldn't go out of my way, especially considering that Zipps is right across the street.
1	Swingers Bar???Okay I pass by this bar everyday on my way to work and convinced my husband to take me there. I knew as soon as I walked in it was a mistake but I figured it was a little late and to just stay and give it a chance... There were 4 of us and we sat down finally 8 minutes later a waitress comes over and asks us what did you guys have again? I was like we just got here. Ordered our drinks and  I started to look around and noticed there were alot of people making out with many different people in the same groups... Could this be a swingers bar?..ewww we drank our beer down asked for our tab to be closed out and the waitress gave us some other guys credit card..didn't even ask us our name..had to yell wait to get her back to get our credit card back.. Never ever going there again...
3	This place is a total sports dive... that can be a good thing or a bad thing depending on who you ask. This place boasts decent bar food (I like the burgers and the suicide wings), a STOCKED build your own bloody mary bar on sundays, and some of the wierdest regulars you'll ever run into anywhere. On any given night they have CHEAP specials on 32oz drafts... can't go wrong with that!Not much really to set the place apart from any other sports bars... pool table, Golden Tee machine, TV's everywhere... Go for the experience and decide for yourself how you feel about this place!
4	Pretty nice sports bar not quite half moon size and ambiance. But, this place has really good Hamburgers a Lil better than the yard house IMO. And the prices are better  than a lot of similar quality bars. I liked the TVs in the Boothe's even though msnbc was on lol, liberal bar? Probably but worth going back to many more times for a burger.
2	I'm usually a big fan of dive bars but wasn't impressed, at all.  One of the kegs was empty so my friends didn't get their "favorite" beer, not a huge deal but not a good thing for 5pm on a Friday.  The servers seemed really overwhelmed and was probably due to the fact that there were only 4 for the entire place and it was really busy.On a very positive note, my friends said that the food was really good for bar food.This might be a great place for any day and time other than happy hour on a Friday.
4	Great bar, great service and great bar food.  We meet here once a month for our drinking club with a running problem (phoenixhhh.org) for our mis-management meeting and always have a great time.  They even have some options for those of us who are vegetarian.
4	Hazelwood's is dark and dingy, and the clientele can be a little sad. It's a dive. That's just what it is.But Hazelwood's has a special place in my heart for two reasons:1) You can get nearly ANY game here, and enough TVs that you can usually get audio. It may not be as posh as Zipp's, and the wings might not be as good, but if you want to watch a game, Hazelwood's is the place. I used to watch nearly every Trail Blazers game here before I had a kid.2) They have Big Sky IPA on draft, one of the finest standard IPAs in America, and a rare find anywhere.Oh, and there's a pretty good trivia game, too.
3	If you want a good place to watch sports in Arcadia you don't really have a ton of options.  Hazelwoods, despite some shortcomings, is great for that.It's a lot like college in that it is what you make of it.  And also like college, the more you go the better your experience will be (see: learning curve).  For instance, those that have been there know it's not really the best place for food.  Typical bar fare with certain dishes (spicy beer cheese, fries) that will stay with you, and not in a good way.On the other hand, if you eat before you go and are merely looking for a place to kick back and have a beer or three while watching the Dbacks or Cards, or play trivia, then Hazelwoods is an option worth considering.  Cool, comfortable, cold beer.
3	the wings are decent but it is always crowded. i don't mind that but the waitresses are overwhelmed many times.
3	I recently have been frequenting this bar to watch sports and play trivia.  It is a nice neighborhood sports bar. I like it much better than the chains around town. Burgers are good. service is good. Can get a bit warm but just go into the bathrooms and cool off.
5	Sept 27th 2011 We moved to Downtown Phoenix about a year ago and have been on the search to find a nearby local bar place that really keeps us coming back. Finally we stumbled on Hazelwoods on the right day,  met our new favorite Bartender Jessica and have come back at least 3 times a week for the last 3 weeks!  We are not easy to please . . .here are just a few of our favorite things: Compliments Always First: 1. Jessica, Jen, Rachel Shelli really create a warm, fun friendly environment. We come first and foremost to see them.  They set the tone for fun and the patrons follow - we can always count on warm friendly smiles.   Our beers never go empty, and they always have a "no problem"  attitude.. . .  And Well at least until today when some jerk came in and razzed them they are a superb crew  . . (see below - this is a real kicker!)2. The FOOD  - The cook(s) in the back really dishes up some killer meals! Wow - try the Nacho's there's nothing like em - filling, tasty, hot, and they go down so easy there's no self imposing guilt trip afterwards! The Green Chili is the heartiest and as if its a local natives family secret recipe.  - can't wait for it on a cold winter day!  The Breakfast offered only on Saturday and Sunday ALL DAY will blow your mind. Our Fav is the Old Pro for 6.49 is enough for two and includes 4 eggs, 2 sausage patties, 2 bacon slices, hash browns (you know how hard it is to find hash browns these days!) and biscuits and gravy!  The Cesar salad, rocks! Best in town - just ask em to throw some fried  chicken on it tossed in buffalo sauce on it and its a virtual orgasm in your mouth. 3. The TV's the sound system and the comfortable seating options as well as a patio make you feel right at home. Complaints: The only complaint  I have is . . . . believe it or not the OWNER!!!!!!  AT FIRST I THOUGHT HE WAS A CUSTOMER!!! He drove up in none other than a PINK car,  brought his dirty dog in -  who I overheard by customer sitting in the booth behind us -   later  took a shit and threw up in the back room.   He yelled  at Jessica regarding something that was or wan't on on the TV which made all the customers  in the nearby area nervous - he took the laughter out of the air and dissipated it immediately.  He  demanded service ordering food and drinks.  Jessica, Jen and all of us  patrons were really on eggshells then after he left - the room was heavy with tension.   This was our first  Drama moment here so far. We asked who the guy was . . a regular?  And a guy down the bar said "THE OWNER!!!!" OMG does he know how to demoralize  his awesome staff and turn his great bar into a hell zone for everyone.  It makes me not ever want to come back.  When I told Jessica this, she pleaded with us, telling us he doesn't come in that often and that she appreciates us and our business  and to please keep coming back.  I think we will cuz we love these bartenders and this place and the food - so if  Owner could just keep out, then we will keep on coming in! I don't mean to be rude to someone I don't know but I am a business owner myself and have no respect for bosses/owners that bark orders and mistreat the people who make their business a success.  Without the people that support you/your business . . .  you would be nowhere.  I would like to see him and his dog try to make this bar roll the way these ladies do.   He owes his staff nothing but love as their performance is outstanding considering they have to overcome a badgering, negative overlord.  Whatever your name is . .  Congratulations you have stumbled on great people in a poor economy that take good care of you and your baby. If competition was more fierce and you were here everyday you'd be far less fortunate.Sincerely, Y.  Just a girl and her man who love this place!
5	I sure miss you guys, it is tough to find a home base as good as The Woods.Best of luck Craig, you had things running smooth, as good as we'd seen going back to 02'!!!Hope football season treats you all very well!!!
1	Dark and kind of dirty, phantom smells seem to come from the carpets. Not sure how I would feel about eating the food from a place who's guest occupied spaces are so dilapidated. As far as the guests really fit the decor. dingy, dirty and depressing. Not the place to go if you want to have a good time with friends. servers are always overwhelmed and drinks are extremely weak. There's much better places to watch a game in the valley.... pretty much ANYWHERE else.
2	Wings are good. Lots of beers. The waitresses need to pay more attention to everyone at their bar, rather than focus on regulars only while completely ignoring other people trying to get drinks. One night my sister and I eventually just left. It's really a hit or miss here. The bar tenders really need to check their attitudes and the way they talk to customers. Just because you work at a dingy dive bar does not mean its okay to be a bitch and talk trash to or about customers. Oh and the trivia night here is pointless, most of the time the "winners" are googling the answers to every question on their phones, sometimes right in front where it's obvious but no one says anything... Blah. No fun. Even though this place is a hop skip and a jump away, I probably won't be back. Unless I get dragged in there by someone else AND they are buying my drinks LOL. Over it!
1	We sure will miss Danny! He was really inspiring us to come back outside of one weekend morning a week.  ...Bummed! Were looking forward to new menu, special items he cooks himself and more creative music nights! Eventually we may just have to stop coming here...for certain if Jess ever leaves or gets fired like all the awesome mangers that have  tried to make this place fun. Dear Owner, Im NOT a fan of you.  This move takes you from 5 stars to 1 in my book.It's common knowledge that  patrons return because of the people that make the place...bartenders, managers etc. So if one has common sense, it   seems  that this would be taken into great consideration prior to firing a superior individual who personally dedicate himself to a business.   The best bars find systems, great crew and keep them in place.  People come here for the people, not just the TVs. Even a church is just a building without the people.   Sadness and disgust  overwhelms the bar today by many of us who without explanation feel a good man was fired for no reason other than the bar owner must have been experiencing an emotionally unstable moment and is therefore driven towards sabotage.  The owners rep as a tyrant is all too well known but not understood or respected.:(
1	I used to love it here. What a great hang out and on weekends there was always a good breakfast to be eaten but not today! We went back to one of our favorite places to have a bloody may and some decent eggs, potatoes and bacon but were not happy.The first thing on the breakfast menu was a draft beer which tasted moldy and strange.I ordered a Bloody Mary - but really a vodka and tomato juice since I'm allergic to Tabasco and all red peppers. I was talked into ordering the bloody mary bar for 3 bucks and juice on the side. I had no idea I was going to pay 5.50 for crappy bloody mary fixings and a small can of tomato juice. The bloody mary bar fixings were so crappy that  that I only drank the juice and vodka on the second round but was still charged  5.50. I have never been charged more than the 3 bucks on many other days. All I got was a BS  "sorry we have to" response.Then we ordered breakfast which was why we were there. We ordered an exotic breakfast of 2 eggs over medium w potatoes and bacon "crisp". That was to prevent them from serving us very undercooked bacon and potatoes which happens in a lot of places. We waited 25 minutes for our breakfasts. The eggs were undercooked with slimy whites  and the bacon was certainly crisp - it was burned.I guess so much for the nostalgia of breakfasts at Hazlewoods. The crummy service and overpriced drinks will keep us away for a long time. The waitress was nice and pleasant but gave us the wrong check to boot. I should have just paid it and left ( it was for much less money) but the honest person who still likes Rich Hazlewood wouldn't allow me to steal from him.This was a great place for a simple weekend breakfast but not any more. Why did I tip her?
4	We went here last night for the first time.  We really enjoyed it.  We sat down at the bar and the bartender greeted us right away.  She was really nice.  The next thing we noticed was that the bar had an icy edge to it.  The part of the bar that's closest to the bartender is covered in ice and that's where your drink stays so it keeps cold.  How cool is that?  Pun intended.  Also, we had awesome timing, because Trivia started at 8pm and we just made it.  We enjoy playing trivia, which Hazelwood's has 3 nights a week.    They also have a pool table, foozeball, shuffelboard, a boxing game, and big buck hunter.  They also have dartboards, but you have to bring your own steeltip darts.  For those Jack Daniels lovers, they have single barrel and it was just $6.50.  There are about 16 beers on tap, including Guinness.  Give this place a try.
3	My friends and I went to Hazelwoods for two reasons, friday trivia and my friend's birthday.  I wouldn't say that this was the most amazing place ever but...I found the service to be accommodating.  I was there on friday for a friend's birthday.    It's almost impossible to eat healthily at a sports bar, and the salads on the menu weren't exactly the best.  So I asked for a salad that was off menu.  I asked for a mixed greens salads with all the veggies they had available, a grilled chicken breast.  Since I'm a fan of chicken wings, I also asked for a side of buffalo sauce, and some blue cheese to go with.  The salad was great, and exactly what I wanted.  I hope they would put it on the menu.... just saying... :)Some other comments about the food....the fried pickles weren't that great.  The "breading" didn't stay on the pickle and it was hard to cut.  They were in quarters and I wish that it was more bite sized.Sweet potato tater tots are always amazing, and that pretzel cheese sauce was on the spicy side.
1	I can't stand this place. It's always filled with a bunch of drunks, it smells, and the karaoke could put me in the grave. The last time I went, I was DD and the waitress tried getting a double tip out of my drunk friends. I didn't appreciate her taking advantage of my friends (who had no clue what was going on) so swore I'd never be back. And, I haven't.
3	I started to go to Hazelwoods about five years ago because that was where my friends decided they wanted to hang out.  It's a great bar.  They have wonderful food.  I would give it three stars only because of their drinks.  I'm rating it compared to JT's drinks.  They know how to pour.  Hazelwoods it a great place to walk in and feel comfortable.  I like a bar and when I say "bar" I mean I like a nice long wood bar.  I thin their lighting could be lower, that is my one big turn off.  What I love is their enrollment in "Team Trivia" on Friday nights.  If you don't know what that is then you must look it up on their sight.  It's a trivia game and the winning team gets $30 dollars in money to spend on food.  There are three winners and we usually win at least third place.  We go on rolls.  If a big sports game is being televised then get there extra early.
1	I sat at the bar and had to ask for my second beer - even though the bar tender walked past me several times.  The wings were on the under-cooked side. I originally went there to play Buzztime trivia and was instructed that the machines where by the door.  This would not have bothered me if both machines that I used ended up running out of power.  I will no be returning to this place.
4	Went here to watch two sporting events the other night (Oakland A's (loss to Detroit in game 5)) as well as Thursday night football.  This is a perfect venue to do these things.My server Angie was great.  Checking on me enough to make me feel wanted, but not so much to make me feel like she wanted me to get the hell out of her booth.  I ordered the chipotle meatloaf was a little weird tasting, but then again I've never had chipotle meatloaf, so maybe that is how it is supposed to be.  I wanted to try the mac and cheese (which for some reason is not listed on their menu which appears on their website) but unfortunately they were out.Every booth has a TV, and I love you for that I will be back again for that.  The wifi is very fast, and allowed me to pull out my laptop and get some work done while visiting Phoenix.  The staff was very friendly, which I did not always experience during my previous visits to Hazelwood's.  However, I have no idea why, on such a big sports night (also ASU football and Yankee's vs Baltimore playing that night) that you choose to do Trivia.  Yes there were some people there participating, but largely it just got in the way of watching sports.
3	It's out of my hood, but had to check it out anyway.  While waiting for a friend, I sat at the bar next to a gentleman that had recently been cut off.  Instead of asking him to leave, he hung around telling everyone how he had been cut off - and by everyone I mean anyone sitting at the bar and anyone that would answer his phone call. (He was obviously a regular - every bar has at least 1 of those, if you know what I mean)  I know the "you have 30 minutes to secure a ride rule", but his friends were there to take him, which means the 30 minutes does not apply.  Anyway, once I got a bartender's attention the service was good.  They were training someone new and she was very nice and polite.  I was told to order one of the hot pretzels so that's what I did.  Holy CRAP!  The sauce was not what I was expecting....it was every better!  I didn't have time to try anything else, but I will be back with my friend to try some other items.  The pricing wasn't bad, there were sports on the TV and there is a smoking patio.  Coolest thing:  TV's in the booths!
4	Hazelwoods is one of those neighborhood bars you pass by during your commute home and might not give it a thought. The outside isn't screaming "Look at me!" but inside, it's the people that does. It is a bit dark but the outside patio is available for you sun worshippers, which I didn't get to check out. I was impressed that the owner/manager accommodated our football needs on Sunday Funday. Staff is a bit slow but maybe because they don't want to intrude during football games. Without a doubt, there's enough TVs to give you sensory overload but hey who can resist beefcakes on the screen?If you want cheap and good breakfast, nothing fancy, this is way better choice than any Denny's or IHOP. Where can you get breakfast with a Bloody Mary for under $10? Anyone that offers that will get at least 4 stars in my book :)
3	The food is not all too great here. Its mediocre at best to put it into terms i suppose.  My boyfriend and I have been here a good number of times now and mostly just enjoy being with our certain friends that live down the street and playing pool and what not here b/c there is plenty to do if you come on like a double date get together ordeal.  I do not know how to order that huge burger here b/c every time i over look the menu i can never find it for the life of me!  I know myself, I would never be able to finish it on my own, but just the idea of ordering something that huge would be a crazy thing to see and do.  Service here is also mediocre at best nothing that makes me remember this place for that reason.  This place is more for just a okay place to get together at and watch the games or play them.
1	I've been coming here for a few years now , over that time I've seen the prices go up and the clientele go down. This place has gotten to the point where I  can't even eat here.... $10 for a dozen wings???!! Another 1.00 to grill em??!! Jeez!! The wings are so small it's more like 7 or 8. Also they use paper menus!!! Gross and cheap!! It kills my appetite when i look down and see someone's week old food chunks and grease spots on my menu! The whole experience left me feeling like I need to wash my hands.
2	So I came in last night with my boyfriend & mom...I ordered 2 vodka/sprites & a rum & diet coke at the bar & then decided to take a table since one had just opened up.When our waitress came we ordered one platter (samples of everything; chicken tenders, zucchini, jalapeno poppers, a couple other things..) and pita & hummus dish for my mom.When she came with the food, she asked if we had ordered a sample platter at the bar before sitting down, because it was showing that we had ordered a total of TWO sample platter & the humus dish. I said no... We didn't order ANY food at the bar.. And she kind of made it seem like I might have been lying & that we did order the meal at the bar,1. why would I order two?2. Why would I lie about it?Anyway she asked who I ordered from at the bar, a male or female & that she would go talk to them about it.I saw her talking to the bartender.When she came back by she didn't say anything so I asker her if it got straightened out. She said yeah, it's fine.It was stupid because she made a big deal out of it. She could have just said "okay, there must have been a mistake." & told the kitchen not to make 2. But she argued with me about it a little bit. How rude. She probably just wrote that we ordered 2 on the ticket on accident and seems like she didn't want to own up to her mistake. Or she genuinely didn't think she wrote our ticket wrong & that she surely could not have made a mistake.Anyway, we got our check, and we were being charged for BOTH fricken platters!!Obviously another mistake.She took it off after we told her it was still on our ticket.She was just kind of rude, not very happy. Took kind of a long time. It was a little busy but nothing crazy! I do like Hazelwoods but was just kind of like WTF about that whole situation... Our food was delicious though & the vodka/sprites were good.Fair prices too. Which is good because I would have given the rating something as shitty as that waitress' attitude.My other experiences have been pretty good here though.
5	This sports bar reminded me of "Cheers" everyone knows everyone! From customers, to bartender, cooks and servers.Went last night with a good friend who comes here all the time.It was karoke and I do not do karoke but this place was jammin!Everyone was into it!Friendly service! THE NACHOS were the best I have had in Phoenix (debating going again tonight JUST TO ORDER THE NACHOS)The wings were yummy too! Both were suggested by our server.This bar isn't in My neighborhood, but I will make the drive again and again.See U soon!!!!
4	Hazelwoods is a great neighborhood sports bar.  The staff is very friendly.   So is the crowd of Arcadians that come here.  Big beer and drink specials every night.  The nachos are tasty.  Check out the Team Trivia a few nights a week.
4	Way better than sports bar across the street!
3	KInd of a mixed bag here on my first visit. This is the ultimate neighborhood bar experience because nearly every dude that entered during my two-hour stay was greeted by name. I had read about happy Hour specials online prior, but when I asked about them to the heavily tattooed bargirl, she didn't mention them, instead telling me about the higher priced all-day special. How can you get new regulars if you treat the newcomers like we are from Planet Mar?  Maybe they got enough regulars, but they might need to get younger cause some of regulars are getting old. She did become nicer after I chatted up one of her old buddies at the bar and she even put the Yankees game on the small bar TV for me. The food I ordered to go contained the worst version of sweet potato fries ever - burnt and undercooked at the same time (see photo). The Western Chicken was pretty good though featuring two giant onion rings and a rather large thin cut chicken breast covered with cheese and bonus bacon which wasn't on the original description. The bun took a beating with too much BBQ sauce, but overall not bad. It is supposed to get crowded at night, might check it out then and happy Hour prices are good on domestics also.
3	This place is so close to my house, it's hard not to go here. The food is average but the service is usually great. I never have to wait too long for food or drink. They have trivia a few nights a week. There is a different beer special daily, otherwise the beers are all reasonably priced. The best thing on the entire menu is the pretzel and the beer cheese it comes with. The onion rings are also good as they are not frozen and they make them fresh. Also - the booths all have their own tv's in them so you can watch whatever game you want (in addition to the flat screen tv's all over).
3	Not a place that I would choose to go under normal circumstances, but my coworkers selected this as our Friday happy hour. The exterior and interior are nothing pretty to look at, but it is certainly a good place to gather with a whole bunch of random friends/coworkers. It has a bit of a "cheers" vibe to it.Unfortunately the Arnold Palmer drink that I ordered was very watered down, and someone said the same about their margarita. Chips and salsa were decent. Service was attentive. They didn't mind when we kept pulling stools up to the table as people kept arriving. We all had a good time!Overall- I would come here again for a work event, but not on my own.
4	My friends and I started coming to Hazelwoods for their Thursday night trivia and always have a blast!  Not only do they have a great happy hour but they also have nightly drink specials depending on the day of the week.  Besides Team Trivia, they also organize card games on specific nights (sorry I'm not sure what kind though).  I also love their beer selection, 16 beers on tap!For being a dive bar, they also have pretty good food.  My friends and I always end up ordering the Pretzel with spicy cheese dip!  It is a very large portion and comes hot and buttery from the oven.  I also love their 1st place burger which is HUGE at a  1/2 pound!  You can even add another burger patty on to make it a full lb but the regular burger is more than enough for me.The main down falls is that they nickel and dime you on some items.  Adding cheese to the sliders or the burger is going to set you back $1, sometimes the server will tell you and most times they won't.  Also I have asked for ranch dressing in place of some sauces the appetizer comes with and I still charged $0.50 for "extra dressing," even though I don't get the sauce AND the dressing.  Service can be hit and miss as well.  I've had a server one time that was very short with our table but then another night, the same server joked and had a good time with us.  All in all, if you are looking for a chill place to hang out with your friends and watch the game that has cheap beer and decent food, Hazelwoods is your place!
1	I frequent this establishment and generally ignore the poor service, but after my latest encounter they have lost me as a customer. I waited 30 min to even be acknowledged only to have longer waits for food and drinks. I have never had worse service.
3	I've been to this sports bar before, and have had poor service before. Decided to try again, but after today I will never go back. The waitress was horrible took forever to get our food, and even longer to get our check. This all happened when we were the first ones there, and only a few people after that. I've never left an establishment without leaving a tip. But today was a first!
3	It was so busy that the wait staff were very disorganized.
3	Great for pizza & wings...hot, honey garlic wings are very good. Neighborhood fave for locals. Friendly staff. Great place to go watch a game.
4	Damn, people be hard to please. Came here for Trivia, which happens every Wed-Fri nights. First off, let me just say that the bonus question at the end is BS. You can be in 1st place the entire night and that bonus question will screw you ... but I guess, that's what makes it fun. As for the food, the hot and honey wings are pretty delicious. I ordered a salad, unfortunately, which is just dumb. It's a sports bar, order the appropriate food, ya idiot! Fortunately, I was sitting with a bunch of boys who ordered things like salty pretzels and cheese. This is a neighborhood bar. Nothing fancy. It's definitely worth hitting up for Trivia, since there are no limits to the number of people you can have in your group. Makes it a fun place to gather with your friends and see what kinds of impressive facts they can pull out of that lump three feet above their a** - as Jimmy Dugan would say.
5	Had a girl named Drew as our server. Great service, fun atmosphere, lots of people but not over crowded. They have about 10 different wing choices- medium wings 12 count, 2 24-oz beers, 1 pint and chips/salsa came to $23.66 during happy hour which went til 7pm. Loved it! We will be back :)
5	Best grilled wings in town, best soft pretzel in the world and some of the best servers in Phoenix. Love this place ! While it's not much to look at-the food and service are always great. Sort of an odd bathroom remodel lately though in the guys room. Also some of the locals in this bar are creepy losers so don't get too cozy with them- just bring your friends with you and have a good time on your own.
4	I came for the NTN Trivia but stayed for just about everything else. The staff is great, they've been accommodating with my sports choices (namely the Blackhawks), the beer's cold, and the prices are good. My only complaint was the garlic fries. I don't recommend them.
4	You're looking at last night's trivia winner right here. Oh, yeah, be impressed. It only took 6 months. My friends and I have been meeting up almost every week for trivia at Hazelwoods. It's just a really good excuse to get together, catch up, and show off some smarts (or stupidity). The waitresses are really nice, and the food is actually pretty good. The garbage can cheesesteak wit wiz is blowing my mind (and my gut) right now. I don't see any reason to hate on this place. It's like Cheers. How can you not like it?
2	I'm not normally this negative in reviews but I think its justified here. I went in on a Wednesday night for Trivia with 5 friends. The service was bad, a waitress spoke to me once in 3 hours. The food was bad. On top of that, the trivia was literally the worst trivia I've ever been to. I've gone to Trivia in a bunch of cities and have never experienced it like hazelwoods. The questions were unchallenging and they were all spaced about 5 minutes apart so it took about 2 hours for 30 questions. The host was boring and I was counting the seconds until I could leave. Would not come back if you paid me.
4	Really enjoy going on for live trivia.  This place knows how to bring out fun and smart people at the same time.  Football season is starting so if you can't catch your team on the tv.  Every booth has its own tv with its own volume.
1	I have visited hazelwoods over ten times. I like the food and the set up of the bar in general. I want to like this bar and have given it a fair chance. Despite this I will not be returning. The day time wait staff has been unfriendly and has not made any attempt to engage me as a customer. With direct competition across the street I expected more of an effort to keep potential repeat business. I have repeatedly not been greeted in a friendly manner, been engaged as a customer, or thanked for my business in any way. I work in the service industry and understand and value of taking care of your regulars. I will not be returning to this restaurant with other options in the immediate vicinity.
4	I like this place! I went here for a little day drinking and had a good time. Talked to a couple of regulars from the neighborhood and just hung out. The beer was cold and the best thing was that it stayed that way.If you sit at the bar, there is a frozen strip that you can set your beer on and it keeps it nice and chilled. Very cool concept!! They have a tone of TV's and they also have a laid back staff. Go check it out for your self.
5	Awesome place to grab some good beers with friends. Full range bar and friendly hostest and bartenders reccomend to anyone on anyday. Fun games and breatherlyzers available in bar. Check it out absolutely a local hotspot
