4	Lived here for a year... very comfy, plush high rise living.  We had a one bedroom with a den, facing west, so always got to see gorgeous sunsets over the hills.The building had great amenities, with a pool for each tower, workout room, racquetball court, steam room and common room you could rent out with a movie theatre and pool table.The staff was friendly for the most part, some of the best Valets in Vegas (I'm looking at you Manny and Star).  Front desk could be difficult to communicate with at times.The main hiccup I had with this place were all the rules.  Always having to call security or have security call you to let someone in to visit, or deliver food, etc.  Moving was a pain, as you could only get access to service elevators on a week-day.  It was just stressful doing anything logistics-wise in this building, as it seemed as a paying resident, you had to conform to all of their arbitrary rules.Other than that, a pleasant experience, I had some great times, the unit itself was awesome and always garnered high compliments!
5	This is the best place to live on the west coast.  It is the closes thing to being in Miami on the west coast.  The ammenities, service and royal treatment they give you is amazing.  I felt like a king when I lived there. Limo service, spa, concierge, location and views is luxury.
3	I'm gonna start off by saying that I think most of the time, Panorama is easily a 4+ star building. However, since we moved in 5 months ago, 3 of the months there has been significant construction going on. The construction is loud, frustrating and a massive annoyance. At one point for about 2 weeks straight, an OUTRAGEOUSLY loud drill was being operated every morning, sometimes as early as 6am(I legitimately got under 2 hours of sleep a night). Other than the construction however, pretty much everything about Panorama is great. The location, staff, security and amenities are all A+. I'm very excited for the construction to finally be over so I can change this to a 5 star.
5	beautiful, elegant classy - Love the fact that my homie lives in this place....location is clutch!
4	Fave High Rise in Vegas! Chic, modern and conveniently located behind City Center. Extremely nice concierge. Accessible to everywhere and anywhere on the strip.
5	I've actually lived here for almost 3 years at this point. The funny part is I was born and raised in Vegas and besides a brief stint in LA, Vegas has been my home. I think that if you are going to live in Vegas, not married, no kids and animals aren't your life, this is the place to live. Especially if you work on or near the strip.There are so many things to do in this area, the views are sick and it's a quick cab ride or free limo drive if you schedule accordingly. The concierge, Dee, Chantal the front office manager, to Joe the valetsupervisor all are the best this areahas to offer. Yes you pay a premium to live here but why not? You have two pools, steam room, two gyms, a parking garage, free valet for guests, not to mention a safe and secure building. I have lived in Summerlin, owned my own house and have no reason to live otherwise at this point. It's your choice, you decide ;)
