3	This little margarita bar is located out the main doors of Treasure Island.  We stopped here on our last day in Vegas for a drink while walking the strip.  The gentleman behind the bar served my wife a Pina Colada and I had the classic margarita.  Each drink had LOTS of booze in the cup.  I was actually shocked at how much he put in there.  Something I would've poured myself for sure haha.  The drinks were $12 each, but they were perfect and did just the trick.  Even though we're buying yards from Wal-greens from here on out, we would still buy a drink from this guy based on how strong and tastey they are.  It's a value compared to some bars that charge 11 per drink!
1	Skip this place! With the amount of margarita joints on the strip with essentially the same product one shouldn't be bothered with the unwelcoming vibe we got from this one. We come in and not really sure if the bartender is on another planet or perhaps just doesn't give a damn. He didn't seem to social at all and a little on the grumpy side. My travel companion asked the bartender a question about the non alcoholic options which he proceeds to not really answer and instead slams two plastic tip cups on the counter in front of us.....really!? How sweet of you to give us both tip jars to give you a tip. Too bad your drinks cost more than Rhum Bar and your piss poor service didn't really encourage a tip on my behalf.
4	This place was pretty awesome, one of the tastier (and boozier) yards we had while in vegas. We must have gotten a good bartender because he was very friendly! (we had a couple questions like if we could mix flavors and stuff) compared to some of the other places we saw they didn't have as many flavors of drinks, but it was still pretty yummy! And I swear they poured at least a fourth of a bottle of rum in my pina colada...
1	Meh is right....overpriced, even for the strip yard drinks. My boyfriend is allergic to yellow 5 and specifically asked for something without it, which was a red drink. So the guy pours the red slush in the cup and proceeds to top it off with the yellow margarita slush...really!???
3	Considering how close this was to TI we decided to make this the pre-game spot. Started off with a few shots of fireball and then also their pina colada margaritas are delicious. The strawberry margaritas are a little sweet for my taste so maybe ask for a double if you're particularly sensitive. I think for the convenience and price it was worth it.
5	Get the biggest cup !!!! The server rick great helped us out with samples had a great conversation about last minutes trips and gave us a good deal for buying two big drinks rick is awesome and we got drunk do I need to say more ? I think not !!
3	My friends and I ordered a fruity margarita drink in a huge margarita cup.  I forgot what the drink was but it was definitely strong  The line was out the door but it moved pretty fast.  The drinks here aren't cheap.  If you want a quick fix, I'd say hit up a convenience store or a CVS or Walgreens.  When it came time to order and pay, I think I heard the guy mumble don't be cheap on the tip.  I'm sure I was right.  Lucky for him, I was nice to give him a tip than nothing.  Normally rude people get an ugly tip written on a paper from me.  What a dummy.
