3	This is the only place to get a decent bagel near my house.  Sure, the grocery stores sell some kind of round fluffy abominations that are labeled as bagels.  If Wonder Bread made a bagel it would be like the things they try to pass off at the grocery store bakery.So I go to Einstein Brothers even though they are a giant chain (I think they might be owned by McDonald's or something) and I suck it up and get bagels there.  But it makes me miss Brookline, MA.  Or the east side of Cleveland.  Or Bialy's Bagels, where people have lined up around the corner by 7 am on the weekend to get those complex-carb creations.But the bagels are passable if pricey, the schmears are ok and I don't get angry when I eat one like I do when I wind up with a grocery store fluffer thingy that is supposed to be a bagel.
1	I just spent a lifetime at Einstein in attempt to grab a bagel to go.   After what seemed like an eternity I started timing the process - 35 MINUTES to get a bagel to go ??!!  The place was clearly mismanaged - orders were taken at the end register rather than the first counter causing a long line of grumpy customers.  We were asked twice to move out of the way to allow an employee to wheel a large cart through the line to restock orange juice.  Why she had to use the cart to carry 3 orange juice was a bit of a mystery;  I can only assume it was yet another attempt to annoy their already displeased customers.  When I finally reached the register I found a grumpy woman who repeatedly mumbled something at me that another customer finally interpreted as "toasted?".  After paying I was shuffled to an area filled with people standing around, arms crossed, frowning in the final phase of this farcical adventure.  As orders were ready yet another unhappy employee barked out descriptions of the items ordered - thereby causing further confusion among the angry crowd.  Finally - my order was ready and not at all worth the wait.  I will never return to this Einstein and will instead take my business across the street to Bagel Nosh.
1	This Einsteins is the worst!  Poorly managed. Not enough help.  I feel unfortunate to have them in my travel path and need a cup of coffee.  You will wait forever. Dont go to this one if you are in a hurry!
3	Here is an update to my last Einstein's review.  I have noticed some improvement in the running of this business.  There seems to be more people working during busy times and seem to be more efficient.  I do appreciate the improvements as Einstein's black coffee is the best in town!
2	Conversation between me and the young lady working the first register:Her:  "Good morning!  What can we get for you today?"Me:  "How about 4 bagels to go, not sliced, just as is: one honey wheat, cinnamon sugar, good grains, and pumpernickel."Her:  "OK.  I've got a cinnamon sugar and a poppy seed and what else did you want?"Me:  "No, no poppy seed.  A honey wheat, cinnamon sugar, good grains, and pumpernickel."  Her:  "OK.  I've got 4 bagels for you, cinnamon sugar, honey wheat, poppy seed, and what was the last one?"Me:  "No poppy seed please.   Pumpernickel and good grains."  Her:  "Did you want those sliced?"  Me:  "No thank you."  And now in SERIOUS disbelief I'm having this conversation and just want to get my bagels and gtfo.  She finally passes the bag to the cashier and the cashier reads back the contents to me, "OK, I've got a cinnamon sugar, good grains, honey wheat, and poppy seed."Me:  "Did you just say poppy seed?"Her:  "Yes."Me:  "No.  No poppy seed please.  Could you take that one out and put a pumpernickel in it's place?"  I finally got the correct bagels, paid, and left.  I seriously think I was in the Twilight Zone.  Going to The Bagel Man from now on.
2	To be fair, I understand that it is Black Friday at 11am.  However, I find that an unfitting excuse.  Apparently not 10 minutes before we showed up there was a rush on plain bagels.  Barely anything left, no more pumpkin cream cheese (because it was only an "autumn flavor") and every flavored cream cheese is 25% less fat? The new batch of bagels to replenish the popular flavors that were empty were't even in the oven yet and would have taken 30+ minutes to cook.  Will not be returning to Einsteins again.  There must be a Chompies or a local bagel eaterie nearby that would provide a better experience than the one I had today.
2	I come here a lot because unfortunately there are not any good coffee shops in my area.  If Einsteins is the best coffee shop then you are in trouble right?  :)The good:-Coffee is good, fresh, and free refills-Bagels are good-Staff is friendlyThe bad:-Messy, the tables are always dirty even when they're not busy.  This is so annoying...just take a moment to wipe the tables down please!-No power outlets.  I know some places do this on purpose so people like me won't hang around too long.-Small, there aren't that many seats.-Did I mention the messy tables?  :)  It's not busy right now and the kids behind the counter aren't doing much, come wipe down the tables.  Oh, there...finally!!!!  I've been here for over an hour working on my computer and finally someone wiped the tables down...Yeah!!!
1	No plain bagels on a Friday morning at 8:30.  Took our order and didn't tell us until we were paying that they were out of Cinnamon and plain.  Wasted 10 minutes in line.  On duty supervisor heard all of this happening, told the worker to tell us instead of turning around and facing us.
4	Sometimes Einsteins just hits the spot!  For those that havent been to an Einsteins...You can have pretty much any flavor you want, with any type of spread. I like this location in particular as there are plenty of seats and tables if you decide to stay and eat.  The staff here are also very friendly and no matter the line, you make it through pretty quickly.
