5	Jesse is absolutely amazing! He has a masterful touch that is professional, gentle and yet extremely therapeutic. He is well versed in deep tissue and can find every single problem area I have with ease, working it out and making my muscles melt under his skilled hands. Thank you Jesse! Every time I am in Vegas, I will definitely be returning for another visit!
5	Jesse is the BEST!!! I have been going to Jesse for over a year and wouldn't think of going to anyone else. Jesse is able to find those spots you did not even realize were bothering you and fix them! You feel so good after you leave you can't help but want to go back. I have a standing appointment every 4 weeks and wouldn't change it for anything!
5	This was the best massage I've had in a long time. Jesse was very professional. I will be returning. And the prices you can't beat. It's like going to a five star resort for half the price.
5	Jesse is definitely a master of his craft.  You must try the hot stone massage!  Amazing :)))
5	One word: mastery.  I've had several massages in my life and never been motivated to write about it.  He is the first one that really shows expertise and thoroughness.  I went in with a knotty sore back and feel great now.
5	Bought a 90 minute deep tissue massage for my boyfriend and I off of Groupon and what an amazing decision that was! Went yesterday and already today my back and shoulders are feeling better than they have in weeks! Jesse did and amazing job and I'll definitely be going back as much as I can! Best deep tissue massage I've ever had!!!
5	AMAZING! I have had massages before but none like this, I found this place on groupon and everyone warns me that you get what you pay for but Jesse was simply amazing. There were some points during the massage where I couldn't tell where he was standing and it felt like he had 6 hands. Might sound too good to be true but my stuff shoulders feel great, I will defiantly be returning!
5	What a great experience!! One the BEST massages I have ever had! Thanks Jesse!
5	Jesse is an amazing massage therapist. My shoulders were beyond tight and filled with knots. Jesse did a combination of deep pressure and trigger point but not to the point where it was hurting me. I was a little sore the rest of the day, but the next day I felt amazing, he was able to break all that tension up!
5	I just recently had my first professional massage from Jesse. It was a great experience, very relaxing. I will be returning.
5	I took advantage of a Group On coupon for a massage at Knead To De-stress.  I walked out at the end of the session telling Jesse that he had just given me the best massage that I have ever had.  He is knowledgeable and capable of giving an outstanding massage.
5	The last two massage therapist I went to did nothing but talk my ear off the whole time I had almost given up on finding another massage therapist! I figured nothing ventured nothing gained so I purchased the Groupon and scheduled my appointment with Jesse. I was in a fender bender in November and my back and my neck have been not been same since.He was fantastic!!! He hit some tender spots on a few areas of my body that I didn't know existed! He definitely worked all the kinks out and then some!I had a Groupon for 90 minutes,  I thought that's going to be a long massage, but it was over before I knew it! I'm going back for more!
5	This was my first professional massage and the whole experience, from booking the appointment to leaving his place, was just awesome.Jesse has a really soothing voice that I just loved when I talked to him on the phone. I was like, if his voice is that amazing, I'm sure the atmosphere and the experience is going to be so relaxing. How right I was~With the amount of time I've been putting into the gym, my shoulders have been so tight and just a mass of knots. He worked his magic and the next day I felt so awesome. I will definitely be going back. Even though I was feeling a little sore afterwards, I was so relaxed. Just wonderful. And that voice~ haha.
5	Magic Hands!!! I've had plenty of massages but I have never walked away feeling this loose and relaxed like I have from Jesse. He hit all the right areas and actually broke through my tough stubborn spots. I will definitely be going back! Thank you, sir!
5	I came into see Jesse a couple months back.  I have multiple issues that include my shoulder/neck, back and knees.  I was convinced that I was plagued and would not be able to feel good ever again.  I found Jesse and it has been all uphill.  I cannot believe the progress that he has made with me.  I was seeing him every other week and now I see him once a week because I see the difference he has made.  He pointed out all of the pain I thought were major injuries were basically tightness in certain areas of my body.  He is very knowledgeable about the body and even gave me stretches I can do on my own.  He has helped me so so so so much.  I finally feel relief.  Thanks Jesse
5	First of all this was my first professional massage so i was a bit nervous. I had 2 really bad knots on my back and my shoulders and neck were in pain cuz of it. I told Jesse(the masseuse) my issues and what u want him to concentrate on. He did exactly that. He took care of me and probably gave me the best deep tissue massage i have gotten or will ever get.
5	I feel like butter on a warm spring afternoon. :) Almost melted.  I have always loved his hot stone massage but this time I needed more attention on my neck and shoulders so I went with his aroma touch Swedish massage and could not be happier! Jesse is amazing and I feel better than I have felt in months!
5	I have had a couple professional massages in the past, but Jesse's was by far the best I have ever had. My boyfriend bought me the 90 minute Groupon for my birthday on a whim and I'm so glad he did. I completely agree with the reviews below mine - he is very strong, yet gentle and did an exceptional job working out all my knots and tight muscles. He created a very relaxing atmosphere. I will absolutely be going back!Thank you, Jesse!
5	Was an excellent massage. I was very happy with the experience.  I felt so wonderful afterwards, and during the massage it was heaven.
5	I received a MASSAGE from JESSIE JONES.  I purhcased a Groupon for deep tissue.  He is exceptional.  A "10" I requested target areas to be attended to, especially neck and shoulders.  Deep firm pressure and attended all areas of concern on the intake screening.   He certainly knows what he is doing.  Also, I loved the quiet and no chit chat....I really like to relax, not think and get the full benifit of the massage.  So, women who are always saying men dont talk much.....that is why I pick a male massause when I book treatment.  Thank you Jessie for a great massage.  You are worth it!  Kim
5	BEST massage i've had thus far! Jesse focuses on your problem areas and needs and the 90 minute deep tissue massage focusing on my back, shoulders and neck was awesome! I am so glad to have found a very knowledgeable LMT. Highly recommended! I will definitely be back! :)
5	I enjoyed my first massage ever and absolutely LOVED IT! Jesse did a great job and pays perfect attention to every muscle. I loved it and I'm sure you will too! He is reasonably priced as well.
5	Definitely my "go-to" therapist in LAS!!!   Reads your muscles and knots well....I'll be a 'regular' while in LAS...for sure.
5	One word. Excellent. Jesse is a true professional in his craft. I would highly recommend him to anyone who needs body work. Word of advice, make sure you book ASAP because he has very few slots available.
5	I found Jesse through buying a groupon.  I have had many massages and I can say honestly that Jesse was one of the best I have had.  He made the 90 minutes heaven. !!!  Can't wait until the next time.
5	I bought a great deal on groupon for a 90 minute massage and I have nothing but great things to say about the massage.  Jesse's pressure was awesome. Firm but relaxing. My only regret is it wasn't 2 hours, maybe next time.His regular rates are very reasonable and he has on line booking process which makes making an appointment simple and fast.   Thanks Jesse!
5	I booked the 90 minute and Jesse didn't disappoint. The best massage that I've ever had. Ever.Perfect, consistent firm pressure. Environment is very relaxing and quiet.Of special note, before we were even clients Jesse went over and above to help my husband find another therapist when he was booked.That's impressive.
5	I bought a groupon for this massage and I was very impressed with Jesse. I have had multiple massages and told my wife that this will be the last one if its no good again. It was amazing he is a professional. I don't like talking  and  it was perfect . I was so relaxed and can't wait to have another one. I want to think Jesse he is awesome at his craft.
5	For the past few weeks I have been searching for a professional masseur.  Years ago, I used to treat myself to one monthly and lately haven't had time to get around to finding someone.  I decided that was in the past and treating myself was in the present so I turned to yelp and glad I did.  'Knead To De-stress' came up with Jesse's name and after seeing all of the 5 star reviews I was intrigued.  I noticed on a particular review from a few days prior that a Groupon was mentioned.  I google-groupon'd and lo-and-behold there was one still out there so I snagged a 90 minute massage.  I figured I couldn't lose even if it wasn't good - but I shouldn't have worried about that because the 5 star reviews were absolutely spot-on!From the minute I called, Jesse was extremely professional and patient.  As much as I wanted a massage right away, Jesse was booked for about a week and a half out.  That actually encouraged me instead of dissuading me though.  I had a contractor once tell me that all the good ones are booked - and I've found that to be the case.  The massage was definitely worth the wait.After speaking with Jesse and scheduling my appointment I received an email requesting for some information on me - a quick client checklist with name, contact information, how do I like my massages, etc. That took about 5-10 minutes to fill out (if that).  He also has a site that you can schedule appointments online, which will be extremely convenient when I put it to use.Before massage day I received a text reminding me and on massage day (a little before my massage) I received a text with directions once I got there.  I went to the location, let him know I was there, and boom he appeared.  Sometimes I get a little shy, but Jesse put me at ease and listened to me while I explained where my problem areas were.  I did the free aromatherapy upgrade with a yelp check-in...I highly recommend it and in the future will most likely purchase that option.I don't want to say this lightly, and I feel like I'm betraying my old masseur when I tell you, this was probably the best massage I had.  I always thought 60 minutes went too fast and 90 minutes was just right, but seriously, in the future I'm going to consider the 120 minutes because it was that good.  I have never been stretched before while being massaged - and I mean stretched - but I'll definitely be back for more.  Jesse used the right amount of pressure throughout and all my problem areas were paid attention to.  Massage is personal and different from person to person and I felt Jesse personalized this one just for me.  I will be back.
5	I've had this nagging muscle knot under my shoulder blade for some time now and I have visited a few massage places to alleviate this. Even after I explain I only want them to concentrate on that particular knot, they still go on ahead and do their full body routine. Not that it's bad, just not what I needed. But Jesse got right into that knot and worked it over real good. Very strong hands and does a nice deep tissue massage. Highly recommend Jesse. This guy's a pro.
