3	Tucked into a little strip center on one side of the Galleria shopping center (near Five Guys and Jimmy Johns), Tony's Pizza serves up some pizza and other Italian specialties.I'll have to admit to not giving them too much of a chance here, as I was just in the area for a short while, and figured I'd see how it was for a slice, so that's all that I had.One thing is for sure: Don't go if you're in a hurry at lunch, because they are packed!  It's actually pretty surprising, because you would only expect to see this sort of crowd if you were uptown or someplace, but this joint was really hopping.The orders came out in good order, though, and overall the pie wasn't bad.  Nothing really special, but it was a decent lunchtime meal.  I'll probably stop in again when I have more time to sit down and enjoy it.
4	Friday night is usually pizza and ice cream night when I head to my sisters house.  More specifically it ends up being Tony's and Rita's night since they are in the same area.  She has 2 young boys and this satisfies them, and us at the same time.  This week we switched it up and went last night.  She ordered 2 cheese pies and 2 salads to eat in and by the time we got there it was almost done.  For 5 adults and 2 kids we ended up eating all of it and everyone left full and happy.I do think this is the most authentic NY style pizza place I've tried in Charlotte.  More often than not, the pizza comes out nice and thin with a great crispness to it, and a nice crust.  Last night it was perfect.  Other times it can be a bit soggy but luckily the ingredients taste good so its not a big deal.Also, Friday nights and Sunday nights are like going to two different restaurants.  While Friday's are packed, Sunday had us and maybe 2 other tables.
5	I love Pizza!!Tonys has a great lunch special, A slice of pizza with a side salad or garlic knots and a drink for like $6.50 The pizza is great! I have been just for a slice and also for a pie with the Fam! My dad used to get the sausage and peppers and really liked it. The salad is good with the mozzarella on top of it and the Italian dressing Its perfect for a quick bite or to pick up, I do suggest if you dine in and want a pie, to order everything beforehand and then get there and enjoy it without the wait!
5	This place is the best in Charlotte!  I know it's a chain, but this tony's is awesome. The pizza is really good, and fresh. I've had almost everything on their menu from salads to wings to subs. Everything has been great, the staff is really friendly. A must if you like great pizza and huge slices!
4	Great little place over by the Galleria shopping center (near the Wal-mart and corner of Sardis Rd. North and Monroe intersect).Went here for dinner and split a pizza with my buddy.  They make it fresh - always fun to watch your pizza crust being tossed in the air :)  It does take a little bit of time to make it fresh so don't go here if you are in a hurry!  We got a 15 incher and it was pretty huge.  Naturally, I ate my half with no problem - decided to go with mushrooms and sausage.  I would call it a winning combo.  My buddy was not eating meat at the time so he went with tomatoes and green peppers.... not as fun as the meat and mushrooms, but luckily they are able to split the pizza with toppings so there's no arguing for 30min over what topping should be on the pizza.Crust was great and the ingredients tasted good too... be ready to fold your pizza over and scarf it down NY style!
5	I'm from NY... and this pizza beats some places back home.  No.. I'm not kidding.  Awesome sauce, GREAT thin and crispy crust, and really good cheese!!!!    WINNING!!!!   ;)
4	We visited Tony's Pizza the other night for the first time.  You order at the counter and then seat yourself in their very large dining room and go pick up your order when it's ready.  Then you throw out your own trash and nobody cleans off the tables.  Why they have a tip jar and a spot for tips on their receipts is anyone's guess.  Seriously?  Anyway, enough about my rant on thinking you deserve a tip for not doing any actual "serving" or "bussing."  We ordered a large pizza (19", I think?) for the kids, a stromboli, and a calzone.  What's the difference between a stromboli and a calzone, you ask?  A stromboli seems to be just like a pizza on the inside of a crusty pocket.  A calzone also comes in a crusty pocket, but doesn't have sauce inside (only on the side for dipping) and ricotta cheese.  The pizza was humongous.  Each slice was this massive mini-pizza all by itself.   I sampled the pizza--it was pretty good.  Thin crust with some crisp on the bottom, and it also had just the right amount of cheese and sauce.  No skimping here.The stromboli and calzone were huge, too, and both tasted fantastic.  They each made for two meals. They make good dough/crust at Tony's Pizza, and the fillings were amazing, too.  It's too bad they don't have more of a variety for strombolis and calzones.  There's one of each.  We also tried the Fried Zucchini appetizer because I had heard from friends that they were good.  They were just okay.  A lot of batter and not much flavor/spices.  For the price and taste, I wouldn't get them again.The atmosphere was very cafeteria-like, but since there's a LOT of seating, you can spread out throughout the dining room.Would we return to Tony's?  You bet!  Great pizza and pizza-like products at great prices.  Just don't expect me to tip when you never leave your spot behind the counter.
2	The slices are huge and they get the crust right but the flavor and smells are purely generic. The taste was absolutely bland, like something that you give to small kids and I was starving at the time! The experience turned me off from eating pizza for months, and I love pizza!They should use better cheese but most of all they should learn how to give some taste to that tomato sauce.
3	We went last Friday night and it was very busy.  It was our second visit after a long break since the first.  The place is nothing fancy but has a good following.  To begin with,  the restaurant could have been cleaner.  The floors and tables had not been cleaned for a while. We were there for at least an hour and I did nor see anyone go around and clean up. Secondly, it took a very long time to get our pizza and they got the order wrong.  They offered to fix the order and it took another long wait to get the additional slices.  We had a mushroom pizza and I noticed that the color of the mushrooms was different than you would usually expect. My astute 12 yr old son said they were probably from a can which may have been the case. Nevertheless, the pizza was pretty good.  They make a thin crust that I prefer.  The slices are big and a medium size is big enough for a family of 4. We will return soon but I will check on the mushrooms before ordering. They need to do periodic cleaning of the dining room during the night.
1	Since some people rave about the Calzone I tried one with spinach and cheese. The spinach was frozen, meh. The cheese is bland, like always and this why you pour tomato or marinara on it.  The problem was the sauce that came with it was straight out of a can, tasteless  and I'm sure made from concentrate -not for me. All in all a boring, low rent Calzone. And the place is booming, the race to the bottom is on.Tony's could have never gotten away serving this crap in the city, not in my days anyway.
1	The pizza isn't bad. The service is. I like their pizza. [if you get it fresh (and not by the slice)] I've called a few times for a togo order. The first few times they were quick or they had it ready when I got there. [I'm within walking distance so I'm not the type that would be late to pick it up] The last time I went they had not even started to make the pizza. [2pm on a Saturday] I haven't been back since. Best features of this place: You get a really good value for your money. Typically their pizzas are larger than the size advertised. NEVER----EVER Get pasta here. I made this mistake with the lasagna. Its clear they don't know how to make it and they don't do it very frequently.
4	Look....your in Charlotte and you ain't gonna get a slice that is just like what you ate in the Big Apple. It's the water at least that's my opinion. Here's what you CAN get at Tonys. Really huge, kick-ass, delicious pizza reminiscent of New Yowk pizza. I've eaten there for a year and never had bad pizza from there. Let's face it pizza is like sex..,...when its good it's good and when it's bad.........it's still pretty good.SteveO
3	I would do 3 1/2 stars if I could.  It depends on what you get here but for the most part it is pretty authentic and done well.  I use my husband as my "is-this-pizza-good" meter.  He is from NY so we realize that it is very challenging to compare an apple to an orange but why wouldn't we at least try.  If you've had the best then that is what you want!  Tony's makes a pretty good pizza.  There's not much to it but the tip is typically crispy which is essential.  The sauce is decent..not my favorite but not ragu so we're good.  The crust is a little slim so I wish it was slightly thicker and crispier but I'll let that slide.The meatballs are done well.  They are fresh and they have good flavor.  They are soft/tender, not chewy.  Meatball parm is pretty yummy.Overall this place is decent.  If you're in the neighborhood it is worth stopping in for a slice of pizza.
4	It's 'za, brah!Good NY Style pizza is why you want to come to Tony's.  They've got the monster, triangle slices that beg you to fold them in half before crushing it like your last meal.  The mushrooms are grey (not black, bleh), and the meatballs are also noteworthy.  The restaurant itself is a bit of a dive, but my guess is that 90% of patrons are there for take-out.  The largest pizza is huge, be warned.  If you order it, it over-fills the box and folds up some of the crusts on the outside just to fit in.  I'm not complaining about having more of this 'za, however - it's gooood.
5	Best pizza in charlotte just like ny sytle, i order the 24 inch pie real big cheese only this place only makes cheese pizza good i never order toppings with my pizza at tonys.
5	My husband and I tried this place for the first time recently after his dad suggested it over Marios. I have never been to NY but this is how i would picture NY pizza. its huge! you have to fold the slice in order to eat it, which is awesome. I got a spinach calzone and it was really big too and I couldn't finish it. it was still delicious the next day for lunch reheated. The pizza crust is thin, which is great and the sauce and cheese distribution is perfect as well. The atmosphere was what you would expect and fit what I believe they want to capture in a pizza place. You have to seat yourself and you wait till they call your name and as another reviewer noted, yes you must pick up your own trash and throw it away. But that is part of the experience. When in rome right!? We can no longer get pizza anywhere else. Pizza Hut, Papa Johns, Marios, all of them make us cringe and want to gag. this is the best pizza place in town! I do not eat pizza much (too many carbs) but my husband lives for pizza like he needs it to survive and he cannot think of going to another place again.
5	My favorite place to get pizza! The XL is gigantic!
5	As a native New Yorker, good pizza is hard to come by in the QC, but Tonys really comes pretty close.... If you are into their oversized slices, or taking home a pie, the pizza is great.  The wings are really good too!
5	Best pizza I have had in Charlotte. They sell it by the slice too, so go try it. When I say slice I am talking the size of half a medium pizza a most places. I personally love their plain old cheese pizza. Their meatball sub is fantastic, great bread with cheese melted on top, cheese steaks are also good, not the best ever, but better than most, Pastrami sub gets a notable mention and I hear the chicken parmigiana sub is good but have not tried it.  Food quality is always consistent.
1	My husband and I went to Tony's at the Galleria and it will be the last we go.  It took them at least 35 minutes to get a calzone, stromboli and salad.  The salad was $7.25 and should have been $2.00.  Iceberg lettuce, brown at that and some feta and olives thrown on.  Of course, we got no salad dressing.Don't go!
3	We're actually pretty fond of this place. The only thing is when you walk into a restaurant with this kind of atmosphere, the decor is usually pretty cheap. I've only eaten here a handful of times. The employees were always nice, but the food takes forever. Seating is also great.I'm not a big fan of thin and greasy pizza. My thing is Papa John's. Thin and greasy pizza has never really had any flavor besides what I just listed. I do like their chicken, lettuce & mayo sandwich though. And their garlic rolls are good too. I would go back.
4	Pizza by the slice, yippee!I finally found NY style pizza by the slice. I ordered a slice of pepperoni, which was huge & delicious. Warm, great amount of sauce & cheese, in my mind, and a great thin, but not too thin the crust. I also ordered a side salad, crisp and delicious. I cannot wait to get back!
4	Awesome huge slices of New York style pizza.  Perfect amound of sauce and cheese on a chewy & crisp crust.  Pizza came out hot and fresh!  Staff was happy and accommodating.  Bing bang for your buck!
5	OMG Tonys! The pizza is amazing. It is authentic NY Style pizza. My dad was visiting and we got a large half pepperoni half cheese pizza from here. My dad almost ate the whole thing. He couldn't get over how authentic it was. It is such a good price too and they have great lunch specials. If I am ever craving pizza, this is the first place I go!! 5 stars and recommend to anyone that appreciates real pizza and not pizza hut style crap
5	Excellent. Family ordered stromboli and the spaghetti & meatballs. Both were scrumptious!!!! Can't wait to go back and try the pizza!!!!
5	The pizza is about $19 for a large with 1 topping but it is the best in the area. We are from NY and this tastes like the good NY pizza we are familiar with, not the garbage NY pizza that seems to be the only kind that can make it out of that area. You will not be disappointed when you eat here. You can tell it's good when you just from the outside because it doesn't have a cartoon character advertising it (Jets, Hungry Howies...) and you can see what the slices look like before you order.I cant say what anything else tastes like here, this is a pizza place, if you order anything other than pizza you are taking chances.
2	Not the place it used to be.  They seem to be getting cheap.   No more Roma tomatoes on the subs, just that crunchy, unripe crap like Burger King.  The folks behind the counter are Spanish-speakers, I guess that's why the tv's were on a Mexican channel - but at least it had English subtitles.
5	Soooo good.Sooooo authentic.Best NY style I've found in and around Charlotte. A simple cheese can bring tears of joy to my eyes and stomach!
5	I've tried the pizza (of course), traditional cheesesteak, and chick-o-philly.  All excellent.  Have visited about a dozen times over about a year and a half.  Can't go wrong.
4	Such good N.Y. style pizza huge slices. The philly cheesestake is so good highly recommend
4	This pizza is so good, I always eat the first slice on the way home. The sizes are generous -- usually bigger than advertised. They use tons of cheese, a thin but flavorful sauce, and the crust is perfect. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because you pick up your order at the same counter you place your order, and it is always chaotic and there is usually a line to order
1	This is okay pizza, not great, or NY style by any means. I have traveled to NY for work and eaten at Grimaldi's, Lombardi's, Paulie Gee's and other establishments there. Crust is crisp with a slight butter roasted taste, covered in a slightly spicy sauce where the herbs are not overpowering, covered with real mozzarella cheese, topped with delicious sweet sausages, kickin fresh pepperoni, or veggies. Each has it's own spin on their "pies" but always true to being great NY pizza you crave. Thin and never soggy sagging slices. *Sigh*
5	REAL DEAL NEW YORK STYLE PIZZA !!! I loved the pizza. The slices were worth the price I paid. Two extra large slices filled me up. YUM :-) I will be back.
4	Tried them when they first opened, and we didn't care for it then.  But they seem to have gotten their act together and now they are a regular stop for us.  Very good New York style pizza ... large pizzas and good value for your $.  Taste is very good, crust ( VERY important) is nicely chewy.  We've also gotten some of their non-pizza dinners, and were impressed.  Definitely recommended for a try.  Can be tricky to find their parking space tucked behind Monroe road ..take the Galleria turn-off and it's on your left ( near 5-Guys).
5	Love this place!
3	After a evening of watching high school volleyball, we ordered 2 pizzas from Tony's.  We ordered a cheese pizza and a pepperoni/onion pizza.  Both pizzas were good.
5	Probably one of the best NY style pizza places in Charlotte.  The pizza sizes are great for the money.... 19" cheese pie for $16?...have them double slice it and it will feed a bunch of hungry kids.  I usually get a pie from here once a month and have never been disappointed and the pizza is very tasty cold the next day as well and even reheated, so leftovers never go to waste.As far as I'm concerned this is one of the 3 best places for pizza in Charlotte, with the other 2 being Luisa's near Park Rd. shopping center and Portifino's at the Arboretum.The atmosphere here is okay, nothing to write home about, no romantic dates here, but the pizza makes up for that.  Give it a try if you are frustrated with Jet's pizza or some of the local duds on Yelp that get 3-4 stars.
5	Ok so this is not fast pizza so if you need it in ten minutes and don't really care what it tastes like then this may not be your place.  If your kids want to see what it looks like to spin pizza dough in the air and then eat what they have just watched being made, try Tony's pizza.  This is outstanding thin crust pizza!  They do not skimp on toppings and their other offerings are just as good - spaghetti, calzone, wings, just awesome food and lots of it.  We always leave with extra.
5	It's tonys pizza. How can you go wrong? This location is just as good as any other ones I've gone to. If your looking for a good NY pizza then this is the place to go. There calazones and stromboli are delicious. Fast cook times and a great price!
