5	Well, if you liked this place when it was Picazzo's then you'll like it now.  Pretty much everything is the same - the setting, menu (still using local, organic ingredients), gluten free options, etc.AND they still have the Puttanesca pizza!!  (Just found out that "Spaghetti alla puttanesca"  literally translates to "whore's style spaghetti" in Italian...)This place actually switched ownership and continued under the Picazzo's name for about 9 months before the name change to Buon Gusto.Decent beer selection with Santan Brewing on tap, which is cool, wish they also had Four Peaks....This next part is from my 12 YO son, who drafted it on my phone while at the restaurant.He was pretty happy after having some cheese bread, pizza and the chocolate brownie with vanilla bean ice cream  : )Vary Nice menu. Good service with nice waiters and waitresses.Smells amazing and fresh. Locally sourced organic ingredients.  BEST FOOD IN TEMPE!!
4	check out our previous reviews under Picazzo's -- Tempe. Same basic menu, same great pizza. A few snags on the service/take out side that never got fixed during the transition, but is still one of our fave hangouts, and even nicer that I can take my gluten free friends and we each get to enjoy.however, still take issue with the name of the puttanesca pizza. still my fave flavor, but given that puttanesca is anchovies, garlic, tomato, capers and olives, it has very little resemblance to this artichoke, feta, olive slice.
4	Nice weather, we gotta sit outdoors!  My friends are already here and waiting.  The server must have been looking out, she came out to greet the new people.  She took our drink orders quick.  The menu looks the same as Picazzo's.  I get my usual, 2 slice of pepperoni.  The pizza is good, thin crust, a little soggier than I would like it.  This place is a good alternative for one of my friend that has a gluten allergy.
5	Had an amazing Dinner at Buon Gusto this evening.  The Spinach dip is amazing--and GLUTEN Free!!!! The Pizza is always perfect and the new Chocolate Tart was out of this world.  This is one of your favorite places--Great food--Outstanding Service always makes it a hit!!!
5	Buon Gusto has been one of our "go to" places since before they got their new name.  I especially like the kale salad, not something you can get just anywhere.  Their pizza is great, with a wide variety of toppings.  You can't go wrong with the caramelized onion and fennel sausage.  Service is always good.
4	Great food, not super heavy like most Italian foods,. There are plenty of healthy options as well as traditional items. Service was great, and they have a great happy hour with 1/2 price apps and low priced drinks. San Tan beers available too.
4	GLUTEN FREE PARADISE!   This place doesn't have just small a gluten free menu...it literally can substitute almost anything on the menu into G-Free.  From what I could tell the ravioli and lasagna were the only two things I couldn't accommodate.  Nice ambiance, the food was pretty good, and it was clean, which is an important factor for me.  The food came out very quickly as well, however it was lunch time and not very busy.  I will definitely be back...if not for anything then the fact that for a change I can look at an entire menu!
5	This is our favorite local restaurant!! Delicious, healthy, guilt-free yet still yummy, dinner!! We love it here. Great service is a definite bonus!!My husband and daughter are gluten-free and the GF pizza and pasta here is the best we've found in our area. The crutons, meatballs, and breadsticks are all a bonus! The "regular" pizza is good too.The salads? They're wonderful!! And organic!! Huge portion too. I love the Berry one and the Chopped Italian!! Yum!And dessert? A GF cookie baked and served warm w. ice cream? YAY!!
3	It really is the same as Picazzo -- Really good happy hour and GREAT for the gluten free population and the people who love them...
3	Buon Gusto Gourmet Pizzas & Salads is what remains from the falling out with the Picazzo's chain.  The devotion to local, organic foods remains.  Frequent deals arriving in my inbox remain.  But my two favorite pizzas are dead.  I don't know if they were nixed by Picazzo's or Buon Gusto, but I loved those pizzas.  The first casualty was called something like the Chipotle Barbacoa.  It is the best pizza I have ever had.  It had barbacoa meat on top with some sort of cheese sauce that may have involved chipotles.  It was topped with jalapenos.  This pizza was actually spicy.  Not restaurant spicy, but actually spicy.  The next casualty was originally called That's Italian and then later renamed Spicy Italian.  It consisted of the combination of pepperoni and salami.  And it had this delicious tapenade with olives and carrots.  That's right, carrots.  I told my dad that the tapenade had carrots, and he didn't believe it.  He still had trouble believing it when I pointed out the carrots to him on our next visit.  May they rest in peace.  At this point, I'm just not excited by what remains on the menu.  Everything is good.  My daughter gets her usual mushroom and cheese pizza.  On our last visit, my wife confided to me that her favorite pizza was also deceased, and she is also no longer excited about Buon Gusto.  Now I know why we go less frequently.
5	Remarkable pizza and salad. We visited from San Antonio, TX and my in-laws recommended Buon Gusto. All 7 of us went, 4 adults and 3 kids and the kids all said it was the best pizza they have ever had. It was very good pizza. Service was great. All fresh, organic and the right temperature.
4	Great food and service. My friend and I decided to try this place after all the great reviews. We had the spinach and artichoke dip, the pear and Gorgonzola salad and the puttanesca pizza. Everything was delicious!
5	THE BEST GF PIZZA in TOWN! We have been taking out  their GF pizza for 3 years! Since my little boy has been diagnosed with Celiac Buon Gusto formerly Picazzos has been a life saver. We like the staff, they are all friendly and very caring. We order their GF pizza at least once-twice a week.Their regular pizza is good too. Their salads are goo, the broccolini is great.  They use very fresh ingredients. The food is a bit pricey but you can taste the quality. The only thing they could improve is the GF noodles. My son will not eat their GF noodles, they just need a better one. Their food is overall very good quality and tasty. Everything is organic so it's a bit more expensive but worth it. The portions are just right, not super big but not too small. The place itself is nice enough and the staff is super!I just love them for going the extra mile to always accommodate my son. My son has Celiac and Autism so it's really hard to find food he loves. We love that we have something good/healthy so close to home. I recommend them to all of my friends w/ Celiac or allergies.
5	I have been in USA for 13 years. I can guarantee you that this place has the BESTpizza I have ever eaten! If you are new here. Definitely try the "Every bit of everything" pizza.If you order a medium up size pizza you can have them split the pizza into two gourmet choices. Aside from Pizza, definitely try out the Kale salad. It's to kill for! Their salad portion is huge. A small salad is totally enough to split for two people as appetizer. So don't over order it! Trust me on this one!
4	The food was great. They other different crusts for the pizzas ordered so it definitely adds a healthier kick to the meal. They also have some amazing salads. Once drinks, salads and pizzas or pastas are ordered, it is a bit pricey.
3	I like that the menu offers a variety of organic options. The pizza was better than most but still doesn't make it on my top 10. The service was fine but not great and I went in during a very slow time with my six year old. From where we were sitting we could see the bartender kissing a female patron, which I found very unprofessional. Overall it was neither very good nor very bad.
4	Great service, and good food. They have one of the best gluten free menus that i have yet to see!!! A little pricey however.  If you're an onion lover, they have terrific caramelized onions.
5	Best place for pizza as a dairy free, gluten free person. The one time my mother and I had an issue with service - our waitress forgot to bring buffalo sauce until after we finished eating and we couldn't find her while we were eating - we received a free dessert without asking. They are very quick with take-out too. And their happy hour is amazing!
5	What can I say . . . but this place ROCKS . . . Went for lunch with a co-worker after we decided we wanted a healthy lunch.  For being healthy . . . it sure was good.First . . . we were greeted as soon as we walk in the door and taken to a table . . . our waitress followed shortly and took our drink order, and asked if we had any questions about the menu.She returned with our drinks and look our order after explaining the different pizza crust.Second . . . the salad arrived . . . I ordered the Greeek Salad and I was perfect . . . about three quarters of the way through my salad the pizza arrived . . . Nonna's Favorite . . . perfectly timed . . . first bite . . . wishing I had now ordered a larger pizza . . . it was out of this world . . . and who knew that a gluten-free crust would be so tasty.I will definately be back . . . after all . . . I have 44 co-workers . . . and if I bring them one at a time . . . that means . . . at least 43 more trips . . . YEAH.
4	Gluten Free is what I have to be!I used to come here when it was part of Picazzo's....it has changed a little bit but the food and service remain good.  I love their pizza crust which seems just as it was before the name change!  Best crust ever!The Pasta is good as well.  And my niece ate eggplant, which if you knew her you would agree was a challenge to get her to do and she LOVED it!The open faced sandwich I had was okay but really needs a top piece of gf bread but otherwise I am always happy here.  It's my gluten free go to on the south end!Very clean building!
4	Very good pizza. The garlic crust is fabulous. We also had a meatball appetizer, which had amazing sauce!
4	I am not a fan of the taste of the gluten free bread but everything else is just fabulous!
2	After they changed back to Picazzos Pizza, their prices went up, the service went down and the food is not the same. So sad, as we used to love this place. Specially my son with Celiac. :(
