2	Let me start by saying this is a beautiful shop.  Quilters and stitchers alike will think they've walked into heaven.  There is a wide assortment of items for either craft.However, I have been to this shop on 3 occasions now at various times of the year, and all three times have had terrible service experiences.  I am not someone who likes to have sales staff hovering over me while I shop, but I do expect to be able to locate someone when I need assistance.  All 3 times visiting this shop, I have left empty-handed because sales staff (2-3 ladies, depending on the day) were too busy shouting across the shop to each other to give me a hand.  In fact, on my most recent visit, not one even gave me so much as a "hello".  I ended up around the corner at Lynn's, where I was promptly greeted and quickly assisted.  I drop a lot of money on stitch supplies so it's their loss, I suppose.This shop could be a great place if the sales staff gave a hoot about their customers.  I will not be going back.
5	I'm surprised that anyone can have a bad experience at Stitcher's Crossing. The staff are busy but always willing to help. As a beginning quilter I appreciate that they will take time to help me with fabric selection, lay-out and all the little problems  I encounter as I learn. The fabrics are fabulous and the energy in that place is inspiring.
2	The quilting side is small with not a very large selection of fabrics (maybe 500?).  I visited this shop over the weekend looking for a light blue fabric I could use in a quilt.  They had plenty of blue but nothing worked for me.  I would agree with Melissa P.  There were three ladies at the cutting counter and the conversation they were having was NOT quilting related.  It actually sounded like they were talking about medical issues and I was trying very hard not to listen.I was one of two customers in the store and eventually they did get around to asking me if I needed help.  I had already been around the store twice looking at the fabric.They do have some nice samples of quilts though.
5	This I'd such a great spot for good fabric and embroidery supplies. They also carry a surprisingly good selection of yarns. Some of my favorite berocco I get here. I love their selection of hand dyed embroidery floss.
5	Not the largest selection, but what they have is great. Beautiful and interesting choices.  I'm always tempted by several of their fabrics. Every time I've been there, the service has been perfect. I've been asked if I needed help within moments of walking into the store, and I've had my fabrics cut out and purchases rung up very quickly.
4	FUN!! Cool new stuff for knitter addiction. I got stitch markers that have little clips so you  can attach a note!They have the bets knitting needles in town..Currently they have a very cool trunk show of designs and examples-- get out and go look VERY inspiring! I brought in my sweater and got some help with it. VERY AWESOME store I am so lucky I work next door.
