5	It's a family reunion at Happy Wok. No, I am serious. My family has been going here for 4 years, and we adore the young couple that owns and operates. I am vegetarian and they are always happy to make my Tofu Mixed Veggies special with no meat or seafood ingredients. Shattering the stereotype of bad Chinese Restaurants forever, Happy Wok is a welcome and much needed addition to the Madison Chinese scene.  The store is always clean and smells great upon entering. They always acknowledge your presence, which seems to be happening less and less frequently these days. With this track record, Happy Wok is set to quickly dominate the market and shut down their competitors;
5	I love this place I have been here a 1000 times and always the same service. I live about 5 miles away. Here where I lived are several Chinese places but non of them cook as these guys. I love this restaurant. I have been a loyal costumer for 10 years and probably be there for 10 more.
5	Don't judge it by the outside... Or the inside for that matter. Looks like most quick lame tasting Chinese restaurants... But the food is really good! I got the triple delight, which had large shrimp, lots of chicken and good flavor and ample quantity (enough i couldnt eat it all!) The hot and sour soup is really how I judge a Chinese restaurant, and there's had a great flavor.
5	Happy wok has wonderful food! Their steamed dumplings are great, all hand made! We've also had crab rangoon, beef and broccoli, general tsos, and chicken lo mein! Everything has been great! Small family place, quick and friendly customer service!
2	Just got done with delivery.Hot & Sour Soup: Rockin - but FYI has shrimp in it for those allergic to shellfish.Fried Dumplings: Pretty good. Dipping sauce doesn't have enough ginger or sesame. Spicy Happy Family: Meh. Not spicy, even after requesting spicy, and just not very flavorful. Singapore Me Fun: Meh. Bland but for chili flake.All in all, doubtful we will order again, unless just for soup, and make my own dipping sauce, or tweak theirs for the dumplings.
1	Over an hour to get the food delivered. The fried rice was horribly dry. Then on top of it we couldn't understand each other which made for a frustrating conversation.
