4	I cant believe it. An In-N-Out only 3 miles from my place. This is bad... Very bad...This place just opened... and it showed. Well, in a good way I mean. I drive by and the dining room seems empty. Its a Friday night around 10pm and I figure this place would be somewhat busy.I roll into the drive through and there outside in the freezing weather stands a girl taking orders. I wonder if she drew the short straw that evening or just normally out there. She proceeds to take my order and I drive up to the cashier window. The cashier then proceeds to confirm my full order. Finally I pull up to pick up window and my food near ready. A brief 2 minute wait and our food is ready to go. Here's a list of what we ordered:- Cheeseburger, Protein style.- Cheeseburger, Animal style add a slice of raw onion. - Fries, Animal style- Regular fries- Chocolate ShakeWhen we arrived back at the house, the food was perfectly prepared and everything was in order. Needless to say, the food here is great and the prices are reasonable.On a side note: While I was waiting, I did notice they had a lot of workers standing around waiting to make food... The problem is that it was slow so there was no orders to make!Of course, pictures included!!
4	Good Fast Greasy Comfort Food. They do Burgers and Shakes and they do them well. Busy Busy Busy
5	This is my favorite In-N-Out and the first one I ever visited. It has the basic In-N-Out food. BUT...every. single. time. I come here everything is delicious. The fries are cooked to perfection, the burgers done perfectly, the service is snappy even when busy, and the shakes are creamy, delicious, and perfectly mixed. Every time I'm in Vegas I have to eat at this In-N-Out, it just wouldn't be a trip to Vegas without it. They all should be this good.
5	The best burgers anywhere, The food speaks for itself. The fries are frsh cut and the service rocks. I don't just want in-n-out, I need it. What a great burger.
5	This is by far the best food in Vegas.  No questions asked.
5	What can you say bad about any In-n-Out???  This one is great, just like all the others.  One note though...this one did mess up two of my orders, its just worth noting because its the ONLY time that any In-N-Out has ever messed up an order.  I've never even heard of that happening.  It was their first month so I'll give them that though.  Still 5 stars is a must for the cream of the crop in burger joints!
5	In-N-Out Double Double Animal Style with Fries and a Dr. Pepper.. Doctor's Orders!!
5	GREAT.  AWESOME.  DELICIOUS.  I love it.
4	Tucker Max says it best:  "I have only fallen in love three times in my life, and the first bite of that Double-Double was one of those times. The crispy bun complimenting the cool lettuce, the special sauce accentuating the fresh tomato, the sweet meat mixing with the salty cheese, all of it coming together in a harmonious medley of flavor thus far unseen on the American fast food landscape - I was smitten. It was the single greatest fast food meal in the history of civilization. Even though I was full, I immediately ate another Double-Double. I was nearly in tears at this meal, it was so transcendently excellent. Those #*&!@'s should hire me as a spokesman."TIP: Do not allow your Cabbie to keep the meter running.Yes.  My friend and I left the Ditch Fridays pool party at the Palms to go get our second, yes second, Double Double for the day.  We took a cab to the In N Out Burger.  It was an adventure I will never forget and good god are those burgers delicious.
5	i love you.so sad we don't have in-n-out in the midwest :(  haven't had a double-double in over 3 years (a crime!) and it fulfilled all my expectations.  we've already decided that the next time we come to vegas we are eating this at least once a day. five stars!
5	Pros: Best burger I've ever had. Potatoes peeled and machine cut right on premises...Best Fries I've ever had. Google their secret menu and then order your burger "animal style" etc.Cons: Long lines....plus they don't have any locations in Boston :(
4	I woke up bleary eyed from after the second night of my Vegas bender and thought "TODAY is THE DAY for my first In-n-Out burger." So, without shower or makeup touch up, I walked to the convention I was supposed to be attending for about 5 seconds, turned around, walked to the front of the Venetian, hailed a cab and said "To the closest In-n-Out burger please!" Then I let the cabbie work his magic while I sat in the back trying not to throw up on his seats. Good start to the day! We make it there and sit in the drive through. There was an employee in the parking lot with a computerized handheld thing taking orders. I told him I'd never been before so he explained what they have...burgers, burgers, burgers. I ordered a double double with no onions or special sauce (I don't like special sauce...I mean, I like my boyfriend's special sauce but it fortunately doesn't taste like Thousand Island dressing. Thank God!), fries, and the largest freakin diet coke they could give me. I was surprised at how freakin FRIENDLY all these mo' fo's working here were....every one of them was all smiles and thank yous and come agains. Wow, sure beats the grim faces of McDonalds! I got back to the Venetian and after finding my room in that labyrinth of a complex I sat down to eat. Burger - YESS! Yummers! Definitely trumps all other fast food burgers. Thick, juicy, meaty patties and a really great bun. Everything tasted fresh too which was a definite step up. Does it trump my fave burger joint? No, but it trumps Whataburger, McDonald's, Wendy's, etc. I would say it trumps Burger King but I never go there so I don't know. The fries were undersalted and not as crispy as I like them so there's the minus one star. And the drink was cold and restorative after a night out boozing it up like a rockstar. I wish they would put one of these on the strip somewhere so that I could go without spending $20 on a cab ride and $6 on food but I think for my first experience it was SO worth the money and I'd do it again in a second!
4	This place is packed. I've been here a few times now, and the only downside to this place is that it's sometimes tough to get a ride back to the hotel you're staying at (assuming you took a cab to get a burger). One alternative is to run across the street to Wild Wild West, but that's definitely hit-or-miss.As for the food, if you've had In-N-Out anywhere, then you'll know it's terrific (though while its similar to NYC's Shake Shack, its just  a bit different/not as good). Lines here can get pretty long, but overall, the wait's not too long, and you are usually able to find a seat either inside or outside.
4	This one won't be long, but this place is so money!!! We went last night through the drive through and by the time we got back to the Palazzo it was a little cold, but this was to be expected. The best part was that the taste did not suffer at all. The double double is the way to go and if you feel like walking on the edge look on-line for the secret menu. Items like the animal will keep you guessing for days!
4	In-N-Out Burger is good period. The cheeseburgers were good as were the freshly made fries. My girl friend is Chinese and the Chinese dislike beef and even she enjoyed the burgers at In-N-Out Burger. My only compliant is that some asshole was able to walk in front of our car and order before that other than that In-N-Out Burger is good. Also this in In-N-Out Burger is located conveniently close to the strip, which is also a plus.
4	The In-N-Out burger closest to the strip is jam packed.  It's located just of the I-15 which makes it probably the busiest In N Out in the Valley.  This location serves up the traditional menu and offers the same great flavor and service you come to expect from In N Out.
5	The In-N-Out burger closest to the strip is jam packed. But worth the wait...You can't walk there but its a quick taxi ride from the strip, and highly, highly worth the trip.
4	Who doesn't love this place?  Great burgers, fresh, and their fries..oh man.  Love their fries.This place is just as packed as any other location throughout Vegas.  Thankfully they know how to keep it flowing. If you want a great burger, fries, and shake for reasonable prices then come here.  It's awesome.
5	Eating these little puppies brings tears to my eyes. Everyone complains about how packed it is, but isn't it ALWAYS packed? If you are taking a cab, make sure to arrange a pick-up because you will be stuck loitering the streets waiting.  Other than that, BEST PLACE EVER!
4	Double double a California classic, fresh and tasty.
4	*Mine & the Kid's- Cheese Burger w/ Grilled & Raw Onions.*His- Double-Double protein style.I don't even know if I should leave anymore of a review, if you haven't had In-N-Out yet, you must've been living under a rock!!!The only bad thing about this location are the street outlets. One-Way & No Left-Turns... Poopy for you, and I can say this because I am not one of you, crazy-scardy-cat-female-drivers!!! Drive safe & Eat good!
4	Pros:The best burgers I have ever eaten.Secret menu is fascinating.Fries are pretty much perfect.Cheaper than Carl's Jr.Better than Fatburger in pretty much every way.Cons:Should be 24 hours.Not enough locations.(Then again, if there were more it would probably downgrade to the level of McDonald's)In-N-Out, you are amazing. There may be a place out there that serves better burgers, but I have yet to find it.
5	Oh come on. 5 stars. This is merely a formality. In-N-Out is the greatest fast food place of all time, and this location is no different. A line of cars wrapping around the building, out to the street. We still couldn't have waited in line any longer than 10 minutes. They whipped Bonnie and I (and our cab driver - thank you!) through the line in no time, with the outside order-taker helping immensely. She had no problem with the special orders (Tip: try the chopped chilis - incredible on a burger!)I'm not usually one for buying into aura as much as I am just the food, but this place has something special about it. It's nearly a badge of honor to order something on their "secret" menu. But if the food sucked, nothing would save it. Thankfully, In-N-Out is the real deal, and goddamn it now I'm hungry.
4	Every ingredient is fresh and made to order. Probably one of favorite places to get a chocolate shake.
5	I used to be jealous that the east coast had whitecastle. Having had some, I've changed my mind. Fresh ingredients, never frozen patties, fresh cut veggies and fries made to order, and great shakes. At a incredibly affordable price for the top quality food you're getting. The wait is usually longer, but that's how it should be. Real food should not be made at microwave speeds.  They also have the infamous secret menu. My usual order: #3 (hamburger, double meat, whole grilled onion, and fries well-done)Simple. Fresh. Cheap. Convenient. This is the pinnacle of conventional fast-food establishments.
4	In-N-Out has a loyal following and for good reason. Unlike other places, when you hear the name In-N-Out, you can expect good fresh food.There are 2 classes of burgers, the thin patties, simple, clean flavors which In-N-Out serves. Then you have the restaurant gourmet burgers that tends to be big beef patties with lots of ingredients, more complicated, flavors aren't clean though. Both are still delicious. This is like arguing over Deep Dish Pizza vs Thin Crust pizza. Note that to pull off the simple flavors, it requires to have really good ingredients, which includes good meat patties, cheese, and veggies. In-N-Out usually does this well.Like most other In-N-Out locations you usually will get great food and service. But the couple of times I went, I have some not so perfect service and food for In-N-Out standards. Despite this, it is still a lot better than some other fast food places.You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu, burgers, shakes, or fries. But things get interesting when you start ordering off the secret menu. What I order now is: 3x2 Protein Style No Salt w/ Grilled Onions and Animal Style Fries. 1 less cheese makes it less filling. The lack of salt keeps the burger from drying out. The protein style is really so you can taste the ingredients, since the buns just get in the way. If executed properly, you really taste the burger and won't be disappointed.
4	3X3 animal style!!! Yummmmmmyyy!!! If you haven't eaten In N Out do yourself a favor and go! Google secret menu to find out about "animal style", "protein style", etc. and go from there! I think the max on patties & cheese is a 4X4 although I think the double double will satisfy most.In N Out is my favorite fast food style burger and kicks ass over Fat Burger for 1/2 the price. The only reason for 4 stars and not 5 is due to the fact that I think some restaurant burgers deserve that extra star.
4	Before arriving to Las Vegas, we had looked up things you must do while in Vegas.  One of the things listed that you must check out was In-N-Out Burgers.We pulled up to a packed parking lot as people were fighting for parking spots.  When we walked in the line was so long we thought, damn this is gonna be and in-n-stay rather than in-n-out burger place.  Wrong.  They were so fast along with the diners because tables were like parking spots, loads of people and cars and not a lot of seating or parking spots.  We spotted a table and downed our burgers and fries.  It reminded me of a Johnny Rockets Restaurant if you have ever been there but it was much better!!  For under $5 bucks a person, you could have a tasty burger with fries and a drink and its really good.  They apparently butcher their own meat so I was told.  At least the company which is family owned butchers their own meat.If you are in Las Vegas and needing a quick bite, definitely stop by In-N-Out Burgers!!  It was totally worth it!!Cheers and Enjoy!!
5	AMAZING fast food burger placefresh is the game, simplicity is the namedouble cheeseburger with thousand island sauce, fresh slice of onion and tomato, lettuce.. mmmmfresh cut friesvanilla shakehuge lines but they process everybody quickly so not too long of a wait in the endtheres only 2 other options on the menu : soda drinks and hamburgerLOVE IT!
4	Simply the best "fast food burgers" in town. Simple menu, great cooking styles... A classic that others can't imitate
5	Seriously?!So. Amazing. Enough said.
4	This In-N-Out location overflows with ravenous, liquor-soaked burger fanatics who have walked or cabbed across the highway in droves, and the burden of feeding these masses is reflected in the quality of the food. Everything tastes like it should, but you may find that the cheese on the animal style fries is a bit congealed, or the burger patties may be a bit more charred than usual. And though the service is brisk, you will definitely find yourself crowd surfing to pick up your order. However, this location has a small souvenir shop in the parking lot filled with reasonably priced shirts, hats, and tchotchkes that adds a dose of silly fun to your visit. With its yellow arrow adorned with flashing lights, this In-N-Out is definitely characterized by Vegas.
5	Best meal I had all weekend.  Can't stop thinking about it.  Pissed I don't have one closer than 5 hours away.  Does anyone have the secret recipe for animal fries?
2	so a friend was in town from LA, and she wanted to go here and have me order a grilled cheese (burger without a burger) 'cause "they are soooo good".  And being a vegetarian, I decided that her "sooooo good" statement was true.  OK, so we arrive -- the place is PACKED.  I mean, it's more packed than a line outside Tiger's MGM hotel room.  So seriously, an HOUR wait for the food.  And people were hovering over tables -- waiting for someone to leave.  NO JOKE.  Then the food arrived.  The "grilled cheeses" were awful.  The fries were on the cold side, and nothing special.  Are people NUTS?  Why is this place so popular?!?!?!  I swear sometimes.
3	Got into Vegas late Saturday night, picked up my rental car and the first stop was to In-N-Out.  I've been once before and I wanted to make sure and try it again.  The wait wasn't as bad as I thought it would be at midnight.  Decided to park and order takeout from the counter.Ordered a Double-Double animal style, animal style fries well done, and a Neapolitan shake.  It took about 10 minutes for the order to be filled so it's not necessarily fast food.  Took the order with me and went to my hotel to check in so I didn't get to dig into everything for another half hour.  The burger was very good.  Tasty and juicy, a decent size offering and very affordable.  The fries were another story.  I wanted to try them well done and by the time I got to them they were ROCK HARD.  Now I'm not sure if this was because I waited a half hour to dig into them or they are normally this way when you order them well done.  Even ordering them animal style did not soften them up.  I wasn't impressed with the fries the first time I went to In-N-Out so I guess my opinion has gotten worse.  The shake was good, nothing to go WOW about.Overall I enjoyed In-N-Out.  The burger was very good.  Way better then McD's, BK or Wendys.  I say it's on par with 5 Guys which also makes a decent burger but whose fries are WAY better.
4	I've know about In n Out burgers for such a long time, so when I saw one during my first trip to the united stated I wasted no time in making my way over there! The place is always busy with people queueing up to order there burgers, while orders are being shouted out for pickup. I order the number 1, which is double pattie, double cheese, along with the secret menu option Animal Style, which gives you grilled onions!After a few minutes wait while filling up my coke cup, I picked up the tray which had the fries and burger on it. The first thing I noticed was the way in which the burger was wrapped in paper keeping everything together. A very nice touch to keeping everything in one place and not falling out. The taste was very good! The fries were crispy and fresh.A truly delicious burger that was warmly welcomed after getting off a flight from London.I'm not a huge fan of the highly processed white bread they use for burgers in America, but when in Rome!Probably my favourite of all the American fast food burger offerings!
5	I could eat here all day long!  Expect nothing but the best here at this In N Out.Double Double, Fries and a Strawberry Shake (or their pink fountain lemonade).We're lucky to have one so close to work now.  Whenever we can't decide on where to go for lunch, In N Out is the universal solution!
5	My first review on yelp! and in-n-out is definitely worthy of it.i was stoked to hear that a new in-n-out formed on trop and fort apache, an in-n-out less than 10 min drive from my house! (other in-n-outs i would have to drive no less than 15 min). so i decided to check this new location out yesterday. it was my first time eating in-n-out this year since i was in philly attending school. I had my fair share of descent quality fast food restaurants in philly (five guys, 500 degrees) but none of them come close to in-n-out status...whenever i would go to a fast food restaurant in philly, the in-n-out song would always play in my head..."in-n-out...IN-N-OOOUUUTTT! thats what a hammmburgers allll about!!" thats how much i missed it...anyways, this is what i usually get: double-double, animal style (chopped and grilled onions) with extra lettuce and tomatoes (no extra charge), fries, and a coke. if im in the mood for it, i ask for animal style fries (chopped/grilled onion and their "special sauce" added to the fries) and a strawberry milkshake. i also usually ask for extra spread (their packaged "special sauce") and chili peppers (if you like some spice to your meal). their buns are always perfectly toasted, their meat patties are always flavorful and juicy, their vegetables are always fresh and tasty, and their special sauce is to DIE for...and the fact that around $5 will get you a meal makes me think...why even think about going to another fast food joint?if you're the type who can't read long posting like this, ill try to make it as simple as possible:- ask me what my favorite movie of all time? I DONT KNOW- my favorite song of all time? NO CLUE- my favorite fast food joint of all time? EASY. IN-N-OUTthats what a hamburgers all about
2	We had this on our list to do for our first Vegas experience (we don't have In-N-Out on the east coast).  I have to say I was disappointed in the experience.  Given the fact that we were starving after a 5 hour flight plus hotel check in experience, I would have thought we would have enjoyed it more.Instead, I found myself comparing it to the east coast Five Guys burgers, which are an up and coming burger chain.  The burger was OK, but not great.  It seemed a little dry and bland.  I did enjoy the fries more than the burger.Maybe this is a coastal difference?  None of the 4 people who went thought it was anything other than a fast food burger/fries, which surprises me given the plethora of postive ratings.
5	I didn't realize this location existed until a couple days ago! I've been going to the one on Trop and the 15 or the one on Blue Diamond thinking those were the closest. Little did I know there was one a couple miles from my house. In-N-Out, without a doubt, has the best fast food burger around. Seriously, a cheeseburger "animal style" can't be beat. Any burger and fast food chain that's good enough for Thomas Keller (http://www.foodandwine.com/articles/thomas-keller and http://fastfood.freedomblogging.com/2009/12/20/thomas-keller-in-n-out-inspires-mcdonalds-a-treat-as-a-kid/45993/) is good enough for me.
5	Best Fast food burger place in the country!!
4	I've always heard about In-N-Out from friends who have visited the west coast (particularly California) and I was happy to find out that there was one in Las Vegas while I was there. My friends and I actually wanted to walk from our hotel (Monte Carlo) to the In-N-Out in the area when we first arrived in Vegas. We decided it wasn't a good idea and we'd make our venture there another day since we were already too hungry at the time. Well the next day, we took a cab from our hotel to In-N-Out which was basically less than a 5-minute ride. Our cab drive did warn us about this specific franchise because of the long lines but we decided we'd brave it. The line and wait wasn't too horrible and we got our food within 15 minutes. I ordered the double double and fries with a vanilla milkshake. It was pretty great. Next time I'll order 3x3 and the fries with cheese (I know animal style is probably best but I'm not a fan of all the stuff they put in it unfortunately). I was also expecting them to charge a hefty price but it was a cheap and good meal. Definitely gotta try it when you're in the west coast and close to one. But for some reason I'm more partial to Shake Shack in NYC even though it's so much more expensive but it could just be because I can't completely compare the two side by side or that i'm biased to the east coast. I'll definitely come back and have some of these burgers again if I'm in the west coast.
4	Still doing a good job at this location. Brought some out of towners from Denver to experience their first In N Out burger and it was a huge success. Mine was animal style, with chilies and extra toast, YUMMY!!!
4	This is my favorite fast-food burger joint.   The menu is small and simple, with just a few items,.  This simplicity is definitely a virtue because it helps In-N-Out to maintain its commitment to high quality ingredients.  Their beef, for example, contains no additives, fillers, or preservatives.  This is important to me because I will rarely eat meat anymore unless I know it's free of sodium nitrate.  The burger comes with beef, crisp whole-leaf iceberg lettuce, tomatoes, and thinly sliced onions with a sauce which seems to consist of  mayonnaise, ketchup and relish.  With cheese, it's only 359 calories.The fries are made from potatoes that are peeled and diced at each store and cooked fresh in 100% trans-fat free, cholesterol-free vegetable oil.  There are no small, medium, large, or "biggie" options.  You just get a well-proportioned cardboard boat of fries. In-N-Out doesn't use heat lamps or microwaves because the burgers and fries are cooked fresh to order.  In-N-Out is also one of those rare fast-food restaurants that make their milk shakes with real ice-cream. Their commitment to quality and simplicity translates into great tasting food, and also allows them to keep the prices low.  Being on a student's budget, this is one of my favorite things about In-N-Out Burger.  A hamburger is $175, with cheese it's $2.05.  An order of fries is only $1.35.  And a milkshake is just $1.95.Another thing about In-N-Out is that there's almost always a long line of cars at the drive-thru when you arrive, but because of the distance between the ordering station and the pick-up window, you rarely have to wait long to order.  The line moves fast and your order is timed to be ready when you get to the pick-up window.  So don't let the long lines deter you.Because of their great tasting burgers, quality ingredients, and low prices, I'm giving In-N-Out Burger the highest rating I could give to any fast-food restaurant -- 4 stars.
4	In Las Vegas? Feeling like In-n-Out? Not into lines? Don't need to buy all the In-n-Out trinkets and t-shirts? Well this is the location you need to go to. Although it's way off the strip, it is also a better place to get your animal style double-double fix. It doesn't have all the crowds and as with many other locations, the customers flow well, so there isn't really a problem finding a seat. Even if you have a large group.The best thing about In-n-Out is their basic menu. Burger, fries, and a drink. The product sells itself. Of course I like their burger, but my favorite is their fries. How do they get them so light and airy?It's just a great place for friends to gather.
5	I wish, I wish, I wish we had come back here for another meal before it was time to leave Vegas!  It was soooooo good.  Will know better for next time.Menu is just burgers, fries, and drinks - plain and simple - but they're awesome.  You can get singles, doubles, triples, etc.  And there are different ways of having your sandwich prepared, too, but you have to look up the "secret" preparation styles, such as Animal Style, before coming, because they are not posted on the menu.
5	I was in Vegas last week and it was day 5 into my vacation out there and I really missed California, so I decided to eat here.  As always, it was delicious!  They didn't disappoint at all! I always order the following:#2 animal style fries and animal style cheeseburger with the spread on the side.  my drink of choice: lemon-up.YUM.. I think I'll have this for lunch today. :)
4	I've been to In-N-Out a couple times before, but it was never that memorable...not like my first time to 5 Guys on the East Coast, where I was thinking about the burger for the rest of our trip.  Don't get me wrong, the double-double with animal style and animal-style fries was good, but not a must-eat for me.  You could taste the quality of the meat, and the messiness of the special sauce made it better.  The line was long but moved quickly.  The organized chaos of the place added to the In-N-Out experience...honestly, I think I'd be disappointed if I could just walk up and get my burger without the wait...
5	Double-Double Animal Style, fries, and chocolate shake. Nuff said. I can't get enough of In-N-Out when I'm on the West Coast.
5	I don't touch Mc dee's, Burger King, Jack in the Box, or any of those fast food burger joints anymore but I will never EVER quit In n Out!  Ever since I was little I used to go to the Sahara location with my sisters.  Not only are their burgers made to order but their patties "are free of additives, fillers and preservatives of any kind."They also have a secret menu where I'm pretty sure many know about animal style fries and burgers already.  If you're really hungry, you can order a 5x5...or even go larger than that.
4	You can never go wrong with In n Out even when they get your Oder wrong... They fix, refund, accommodate and deliver your correct order to your table.And I love my grilled onions with my burger!
4	How have I not reviewed In-N-out before?! I loves me a double double with grilled onions. The fries are also a favorite. Perfect with a little ketchup, and when I'm feeling sinful I'll get the fries animal style without the sauce (I find it's a soggy mess with it), with the grilled onions it takes cheese fries to a whole new level.When they built this location I was so stoked because it was close to home. I was also afraid it might induce a heart attack, but so far so good. I am able to show incredible restraint, except when I catch the wafting scent of those glorious grilled onions.
5	Man, I had a HUGE craving for a burger today.  I started weight watchers a few months ago and am pretty limited on the types of burgers that I can eat now.  I was SO surprised when I found that In-n-out has a six points hamburger lettuce tomato onion and ketchup only.  This totally satisfied my craving.I have been a fan of in-n-out for years and diet wise the food isn't really that bad for you compared to other fast food places.  Btw, for all the ww yelpers, the fries are 9 points.  I stayed away from those this time....but there's always next visit.My baby LOVES their cheeseburgers, so great for kids too! (especially picky children) and my husband loves their animal style burgers and fries, but I'm not a huge fan of that.
5	Last year when I went to Vegas I tried to go to In-n-Out and there were 7 bus loads of military personnel there.  Needless to say the line was way out the door and people were sitting everywhere and anywhere.  I was restricted in time so had to pass : - (So when I went back to Vegas this year, In-n-Out was planned for early in the trip.  Line was still near the door, but stood in line and ordered my double double meai.  I enjoyed my burger & fries and also the entertainment.  Instead of sitting at a table I sat at the counter like tables where I had a front row seat to watch all the action.It's amazing how many workers they have and they all have a specific job so that we can get our meals fast.  Watched the never ending line of people order & get their food.  Crazy busy, but that just shows you how much people love their In-n-Out Burgers.They have a simple concept and they do it right and for the right price too.  awesome!!
4	Definitely the most awesome In and Out Burger in West Vegas. On W. Tropicana which is out of the way to most: a definite benefit for the sake of long lines. Love the fact that the staff has the secret menu down. Great service, super late hours, love it!
3	This is one of those places where people will rave about and drive and/or fly to eat here, why?  It's a decent burger , I've eaten here about a dozen times. I would not wait in line for 10- 15 min to eat here.           This last time went with out of town guests, I had the 3 by 3 , 3 patties 3 pieces of cheese and fries.  It was alright not great. IMO a plain old burger nothing special.  Animal fries, cheese, grilled onions and thousand island dressing ( whoopee) I don't care for it.  I guess the big selling point of In n Out is the beef is never frozen , it don't really matter to me  , I can't really tell anyway, I mean unless it's freezer burned.  I don't know if Jack in the box, carls jr , mcdonalds, burger king or Wendys freezes their meat , they probably do, and their burgers taste just as good or in so cases better then In n Out . The fries are fresh cut , they have a different texture , not as crisp , or as good as mcdonalds, before U   scoff and write off my review , because I like mcdonalds fries... For the record I'm a Carl's jr's fan .             I gave it 3 stars because it's a decent burger and the price is right .
5	I had been hearing about In-N-Out for YEARS now, but as an East Coast girl, I never had the opportunity to try it until my trip to Las Vegas.  We had a view of the restaurant from our hotel room and I was staring that place down until I could finally get off the strip and get some burger deliciousness.We went around 2pm and the place was absolutely packed, we waited for about 20 minutes which was fine because it gave me a chance to study the (not so extensive) menu.  I'll admit, I'm actually a fan of places with smaller menus sometimes.  If you stick to making a few items and  you make them really really well, then no need to expand and add subpar food.  Finally, I had a chance to place my order, an animal style cheeseburger, fries and a chocolate shake, in case you were wondering.    It was another 10 minute wait for the food and at this point I was about to ask the people waiting in line next to me if I could steal a few fries, I was so hungry.    I'm really happy to say it was totally worth the wait(both the 30 minutes of waiting in line/waiting for my food to be cooked up and the years of hearing about how I had to try In-N-Out).  The fries were hot and crispy without being over cooked, the burger tasted fresh and juicy and the milkshake was hands down, the best fast food milkshake I've ever had.  The prices were so cheap too! In Vegas, it seems like everything's expensive, but In-N-Out sure wasn't.Living in PA, I have access to Five Guys which I still think I prefer over In-N-Out a little bit(although Five Guys is definitely pricier), but if you're on the West Coast, forget the McDonalds and Burger King and get over to In-N-Out for some cheap and yummy food.
5	Loooove In-N-Out burger! If you haven't tried it, your missing out. Truely my favorite burger I've ever eaten. If you stop in, there will prob be a long line, but don't get discouraged, it moves very quickly as the staff is above par here. They only have a few things listed on the menu, but there is a secret menu for this restaurant  chain and you can check that out @ http://www.badmouth.net/in-n-outs-secret-menu/ or just ask any local, lol. If your looking for a melt in your mouth burger experience, this is it!
5	First went to In N Out in California and went for business out to Vegas twice a year for Conventions and we always go to this location, just off the strip. In N Out is the best burger, I just love the Double, like it with the extra sauce, animaly style also good. Shakes and fries are also a must. Really wish they were on the east coast. This is simply fresh good food and is my favorite burger, hands down. This place gets very crowded no matter what time you go but the line is worth the wait. I am having withdrawals,
4	I love in-n-out burgers, but I love poutine even more. When somebody mentioned that Animal styles fries were like poutine, I had to try. Oh gross. the onions, the bad cheese, and the hard consistency. Never again. I'll keep the animal style on the double double only. Worst idea ever.
5	I was reading in the Talk portion of Yelp about what people preferred to eat, In&Out Burger or Fat Burger.  Of course my preference has always been In&Out Burger because of the simplicity of the burger.  It's not fancy and has a whirlwind of grilled burger flavors.Because of the topic at hand, I ended up craving for In&Out.  I chose this particular location because the line isn't ridiculously long like all the other locations.  I normally have to wait for a little more than a half hour before I get my food.  Here, it is what it's named, In and Out.  You're in to get your order, and out in no more than ten minutes.  I don't know how long this will last a people will more than likely catch on.Service is efficient, and food is always cooked to perfection.  Fries can be sometimes too dry for my liking.  But, I prefer it over any other fries.
4	Awesome, like every In n Out we've gone to.  Saving grace in the land of huge, all-you-can-eat, sysco buffets.  Fresh food, clean restaurant, clean bathrooms.  We love the consistancy of this chain.  (We get the double-double & grilled cheese, strawberry & chocolate shakes).  The fries aren't our favorite fries, but they are good, fresh cut (little too thin for our liking).  Service is good, smiles & good attitudes.  Might actually be a nice place to work, for fast food.
4	A must have whenever i visit Vegas. Double Double Animal Style and well done fries. Nuff said!!!
5	Always awsome and fresh burgers here.... I just found out they have 3x3 and 4x4 burgers on the secret menu...... .
2	You let me down, in n out! My friend ordered the french fries. They should change the name to "hypertension drenched fries," as they were overloaded with salt salt and more salt. I ordered a "chocolate" milk shake, but chocolate syrup and vanilla ice cream does not a chocolate shake make! Please don't think I can be fooled...especially when you hand me the cup and it's got some pink "strawberry" colored stuff dripping all over the lid! Yes, I sent it back because "the eyes eat first". Oh, and last I checked strawberry is neither chocolate OR vanilla!Grr! This place is arguably  the busiest In n Out in Vegas, but does that mean I should sacrifice quality? Me thinks not!With only about  5 items on the menu it should always be done right!
5	If you've ever read any of my reviews, you know that I'm not that bright. So it shouldn't surprise you that I embarked on a 4.5 hour hike up a desert mountain with minimal supplies and only a few grapes for food. Or that I got lost on the way down. When I finally made my way back to civilization, I was what I like to call "Angry Hungry," Or, "hangry." Meaning, if I didn't eat anything soon I would have to hurt someone.* And even though I had reservations at a lovely French bistro later that evening, I knew what I needed, right then and there: a Double-Double, Animal Style. It was served with a genuine smile, which I rudely ignored in favor of immediately tearing into that burger like it had called me Stuart.** It was animalistic, indeed. And this thing was not only the best fast-food burger I'd ever tasted, but also a damn good deal at $3 and change. I don't always eat fast food, but when I do, I prefer In-N-Out.__________*Or more likely, weep uncontrollably until my mommy made me a snack.**I hate being called Stuart.
4	If you want a great cheeseburger, this is the place! Everything is freshly made, and their sauce takes it from ordinary to extaordinary.
5	Love that the menu has three main choces, a hamburger, a cheeseburger or a double cheeseburger. Fries were great and saw a guy peeling, washing and cutting them up for frying up. Reasonable prices and great service. Seating looked to be tough but like the name of the joint most people were in and out.
5	this place is awesome...i have been goin here for nearly 10 years n i still love it.
5	Busy location but still delicious.
5	A drunken trip to Vegas means nothing unless you stop at In and Out.  In and Out if you are reading this, I know of over 50 people in NJ that would do anything for you to bring your business within the Tri-state area.  Please consider.  This is fast food done right.  Its almost a cult thing and you find yourself addicted to stopping there whenever in California or Nevada.  Please I beg you please come to NYC or NJ!!!
5	Always busy and always delicious.
1	Stand in an hour line to eat crappy food off a crappy limited menu, I would rather just eat real crap.
3	Took a cab over to In-N-Out Burger during my latest Las Vegas trip.  As a tip to those thinking of doing the same, while there is not a line of cabs lined up outside like a hotel, there does seem to be a relatively decent flow of cabs that come and go from the parking lot.On to the food:  This is my second visit to In-N-Out.  I got a 4-by-4 with fries and a Coke on my quest to continually evaluate what is the best fast food chain burger in America.  This latest trip confirmed for me that In-N-Out is at least a half-step ahead of Five Guys.  It also confirmed for me, though, that In-N-Out is a couple of steps behind my personal favorite: Cook-Out (of North Carolina).
5	So maybe I'm easy to please.. but In N Out is my personal favorite burger spot in Vegas.It's actually my favorite "fast food" restaurant.Parking: is good, and this location's pretty safe. Star 1 :]Cleanliness:When it's not super busy & under staffed, In N Out is usually well maintained (including the restroom) so.. Star 2 :]Service:Staff members are always well mannered & greets always with a smile.. Star 3! :]Food:Double double with fries cooked to tasty goodness.. & a neopolitan shake from real ice cream? Star 4.Atmosphere:It's casual, and I love the laid back feeling when I'm going to devour something tasty. Star 5.I wish there was a location near Red Rock Casino! ;D
2	2 1/2 starsCall me crazy - but I DO NOT think in - n - out is the best burger.  It's OK, and thats where it ends.Burgers and pizza are long time debated food items.  The truth of the matter is, it depends how you like it.  In this case, it depends what you like on your burger.  Since I'm not a fan of slices of cheap raw tomato with snotty tomato goo in the middle, crappy iceburg lettuce, and mystery hot orange sauce, in - n -out is not my burger style.  I'm more of a bacon, sliced avocado, sauteed mushrooms kind of a gal.The meat and cheese at in-n-out is good.  The patties are flavorful and juicy and the cheesy is melty and generous.  But if you don't like their ALL-American (aka boring) toppings, that's all you get.The fries suck - plan and simple.  I ordered fries at an in-n-out once; never again.  Now, I just stick to a burger. Also, plan on waiting a MINIMUM of 20 minutes just for 1 burger - even at the drive through.
5	This In-n-Out gets really busy but their food never disappoints. I've been here a few times, and I find myself here almost every time I go to Vegas. The burgers are great, the place is clean, and it is filling.I always get the Grilled Cheese animal style with animal fries. Most In-n-Outs are only in California, but I am so grateful they opened a few up in the Vegas area.
5	4 Words....DOUBLE DOUBLE ANIMAL STYLE.....!!  It is just the most DELISH Burger Goodness You Will Ever Put In Your Mouth!!  You Should Get The Fries Animal Style Too...BUTTT...Plan To Share With Your Fave Friend....B/C Otherwise You Will Be Too Stuffed To Finish Them!!  I Love The Tropicana Location For 2 Reasons....The First Being The Staff Is Totally Fun and Helpful....and The Second and Deciding Vote Is B/c The Staff Is TOTALLY SMOKING HOT!!   :-)  Why Lie?  It's Yelp??!!  All In and Out Have Great Customer Service....But Not All Have A SMOKING HOT STAFF......So Really, If I Can Stuff My Face With DELISH BURGER GOODNESS (Across The Parking Lot In Front Of The Retail Store) and STARE At Hot Boys.....Why Would I Go Anywhere Else??!!
5	Chomp Chomp nam nam nam nam nam nam, chomp chomp  nam nam nam nam nam
5	I'm an east coaster and the day In and Out comes here I will weep tears of joy. Since this is not happening ever, I will have to settle for eating here anytime I come to Vegas.We ate here everyday for four days. Including a stop before we headed to the airport. I even got a burger for the plane ride. The burgers are delicious and fresh. I do not like shoestring fries but that doesn't even matter.Giant plus: it was immaculate/clean inside the restaurant.Dear In-N-Out, I love you.
5	5 STARS!!! Yum Yum Yum.....Nom Nom Nom Nom Nom!!!! Double Double Animal Style Everything!!!!I hate that this place is only available on the West Coast!!  I have seen that they have a place as far as Texas but come on....Open some over for us East Coasters!!!In-N-Out Burger is 10 times better than Five Guys, does not have anything on McDonalds, and will blow Red Robin or any gourmet burger joint out of the water.  They use fresh ingredients and the people are always so friendly.  Its cheap and simple and it is always the best part of my trip to Vegas!!Please come to the East Coast!!!
5	I have eaten at this In-n-out numerous times because my co-worker lives over this way.Whenever we are hungry and craving a fast bite, In-n-out never fails me.Always consistent with the food and the service.TOP NOTCH!!!Ill take a double double hold the onions, fries and a lemonade.Hard to believe something so simple is so good.Easiest 5 stars ever!!!
5	animal style fries...my weakness & a double double with grilled onions = satisfied
5	In-N-Out BurgerOverall 5 StarsGold medal - Cheese Burger Animal StyleSilver medal - FriesBronze medal - Great PricesOnly in Vegas where you can see a Inn-N-Out sign in neon lights!!!   This location has both dine-in and drive-through.  This is the In-N-Out that everyone sees on their way to Las Vegas.I have never had a bad burger at In-N-Out.My typical order:Cheese burger animal style with extra toasted buns, gilled and raw onions.FriesLOVE IT!!!!!! HAPPY BURGERING!!
5	Always great eats for cheap.Animal style with fries well done!The buns were not a crispy as the ones in Cali....Can't go wrong here.
5	I'm from Southern California and it was nice to go to this location.. No crowd and the 2 guys I talked to were very nice and polite.. I was In and Out in no time at all
4	I have relatives that talk about in and out as if it's the best burger in town.  They come off the plane and head for nearest location.   We have tried this place on more than one occasion and feel it's just a burger.  The menu is short and sweet, so no big deal there, the price of the combo's are good, the hand cut fries are crispy and fresh.  We like to get the burgers with the onions, and the fries "animal style".  It's always busy, clean and if you're lucky, you can find a seat.
5	Best burgers around--and probably less expensive than McDonalds!!!  Not a huge fan of the fries, though.
5	I am not a huge fan of fast food but In-N-Out is the exception to the rule. Whenever I am on the West Coast In-N-Out is a must. I landed in Las Vegas at 10:30 and I was at In-N-Out by noon. Their double cheeseburgers are a thing of beauty and I love their fries. And did I mention the unbelievable sauce (essentially thousand island) that is available. I dip my fries in it and drench my burger with it as well. Just all around one of the best guilty pleasures. I absolutely love In-N-Out and am somewhat thankful they are not on the East Coast. I would be a house if they were.
5	I swear they put crack in their burgers.
4	What's not to love? Clean, fast, yummy, and doesn't taste like it's liquifying your insides.
5	"Two all beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese....." Wait a minute... This isn't the golden arches.. This is much much better.  With a tag line of, "Quality you can taste" you better deliver an amazing product and In-N-Out goes way beyond my expectations. FOOD: 5/5 starsThis has to be one of if not the best tasting fast food burger in America.  The flavors of the cheese, lettuce, sauce and hamburger work so well together and the bun is just melt in your mouth, double D delicious.  The fries actually taste like fresh cut potatoes, not that mashed together again fake fries a lot of fast food joints serve. my double double with animal style fries! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qG_WEgPa8MBo1dPUOkTMlw?select=FT9xeB10CA3NEO03SwdIqwPRICE: 5/5 starsFast food is suppose to be cheap, when you start paying over $10 for a fast food meal for a processed product that is not healthy for you, something has gone wrong with America.  In-N-Out has very cheap reasonable prices for the quality of ingredients that they use.  When you actually taste their burgers, you'll realize how much better it tastes than the big fast food american chains.  You won't be disappointed.VARIETY: 4/5 starsOkay so if you're looking for a chicken wrap, chicken bowl, salad, or hot dogs, etc.. LOOK ELSEWHERE.. This is not sonic with their 128,000 choices for drinks, this is In-N-Out where you come here for a damn good hamburger and fries.  What they lack in variety they make up in their secret menu.  You can take a look at the link below for a list of the secret menu, I will give my caveat here by saying i have not tried to order all the different secret menus, but if i lived in a place where i could eat In-N-Out regularly, I'd try to get them all.. http://www.badmouth.net/in-n-outs-secret-menu/The In-N-Out menu! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qG_WEgPa8MBo1dPUOkTMlw?select=VxNLm-e2BbW2PXpvR89B9ASERVICE: 4/5 starsGood service, the place does get busy and so wait times may get a little long but most people will wait for "quality they can taste".  The staff never hesitates to fulfill the needs of a customer and the facilities are kept tidy and cleanINTANGIBLES: 5/5 starsI've eaten a lot of fast food and I can honestly say that In-N-Out is the only place that I do not feel so guilty after eating a meal.  Yes it is still a burger and yes they still deep fry their potatoes but at least there are no additives in their food.  You are eating a quality product for a super cheap price.In-N-Out - simply the best. nuff sed.
5	I've been an East Coast girl my whole life and never heard of In-N-Out Burger until I was in college.I went here on a random Tuesday afternoon in March.  This location was packed worse than a NYC subway; however, I was able to place and get my order quickly.Loved the Animal Style fries, even though that is probably one of the most unhealthy things there (cheese sauce, Thousand Island dressing mixture and diced grilled onions).Please expand to the East Coast!
5	Love this place. They have the best burger in town. The staff are always friendly and very professional. The place is clean, nice place to bring family.
3	We got a Double Double for each of us. It's just ok for us. The beef patty was so thin that I couldn't tell if it's good tasting or bad tasting. So I can only say it's okay. We like eating food with adequate amount of fat but this Double Double was way too greasy, we think the grease amount was beyond appropriate, which gave a negative effect on the burger overall. I think the grease was from the making of the food. We definitely don't crave for In-N-Out burgers, we might come again only due to 1) convenience or 2) running out of options or 3) very very low budget.
2	I don't get it. The food just isn't good. Nostalgia isn't enough for me to warrant repeated visits to this restaurant.I will say that the kids working the counter are generally pretty nice. The shakes aren't bad either.
5	I have been to many in and outs but this by far is the best! all are great but this stands out in my mind!
4	Pulled in here at 11:30pm on a Friday night. Outside was the biggest in-n-out burger sign I've ever seen. Only in Vegas! It was pretty packed inside. Got my usual double-double and fries. Delicious as always.  There were some people buzzed and faded. Always interesting to people watch in Vegas.
5	Oh In-N-Out. How I miss you so. But for now, I will just cherish the moments when I regularly had a grilled cheese with animal style fries and a milkshake. The next time I'm in Vegas, we will be reunited and it will be a beautiful thing.
5	I used to frequent this place when I lived in Vegas. My favorite memory was going here in our limo on the homecoming dance night in our suits with our ladies dressed to the hilt. That was truly an awesome night and a great experience. In N Out is a 5 outta 5 stars everywhere, they keep it simple and do what they're good at.Animal style 4X4 all the way!
4	Having lived in California for the past 15 years, I am amazed at how packed each In n Out contiunes to be.  It can only be because they serve one product, they serve it well, and for the most part, they serve it with a smile.  I have never had anyone at In N Out give me the wrong order.  I have never had anyone look like they didn't want to be there, and I have never had a bad burger.  For a fast food burger, these are the cream of the crop.  Real meat, onions raw or grilled, melted cheese, awesome fries (until they get cold) and a secret menu that will please nearly everone.  You can even get grilled cheese, animal style, protein style, animal fries, 2X2, 3X3, 4X4 or X x X.  Order a neopolitan shake to wash it down.They will give you a placemat for your car and they usually have cool merchandise.There are no kids meals here.  The buns could be better, and if the fries get cold, they lose their appeal.  If you haven't had In n Out, give it a try!
5	Ever since we heard that we are moving to Hawaii, my husband has asked to go to In n out almost weekly so he can get his fix before the big move!  This location is always really busy, but they keep it very clean and the staff is friendly.  I love that the burgers are not incredibly huge, so you can enjoy it without feeling stuffed.  Ask for their sauce on the side, and you can spread extra on your burger or have some for your fries :)
5	Don't stop at the Double Double order the fries animal style too! On a busy weekend don't be afraid to be dropped off by a cab you are not the only one with the same idea, it's almost like a cab line out front.  There is additional outdoor seating at the In-N-Out store next door.  If you are a party of two please share your table if it's crowded but no one expects you to share a booth.
5	It is In and Out Burger it is so delicious it is almost pointless to leave a review everyone knows it is awsome already.
5	Why spend a fortune on burgers at Johnny Rockets when you could have them just as great here for a fraction of the price? For 2 burgers, 2 orders of fries, a vanilla milkshake and 1 order of animal-styled fries (with grilled onions, thousand island dressing and cheese), our total added up to less than $15 and it fed 3 very hungry hannahs - stuffed and contented!If you're a first-timer, you will find the menu a little too simple - at least that was what I thought 3 years ago when I was new in Vegas. Don't be too quick to judge. What makes In-n-out so interesting is the fact that they have a secret menu (envision a burger entitled 'the flying dutchman'!) and you can have it at a snap of a finger. Everything is served fresh, all the braches I've been to have been spotless and the staff always have a bright smile on their faces. At the same time, you get this whole 60s diner feel that I instantly associate with Johnny Rockets (and thus the comparison) every time I enter, only not with the dancing staff. Great place to take the family after church service, or hang out with a group of friends. Their milkshake is made from ice-cream by the way, so just a heads-up, sipping it through a straw may not be the easiest thing in the world.
4	I walked in inside it was relatively empty unlike the drive-thru which was very busy at the time. I was greeted by a friendly cashier who took my somewhat complicated order with patience and accuracy.I ordered a Cheeseburger protein style, a Neapolitan shake, and an order of fries (no salt).The order came in about 5 minutes which is pretty fast for an In-n-Out based on my previous experiences. The shake was very good but I made the mistake of drinking it on the way home before I ate and I got pretty full by the time I got home.The protein style burger was sloppy and I've definitely had better in different locations. The fries were crisp and delicious as always.Overall great experienced and am satisfied with my order
5	What can I say about this famous eatery that hasn't been said already? It is great.  I got a regular cheeseburger and animal fries which are smothered in onions and cheese sauce.  My husband the animal burger was looked really good.  The lines are insanely long but there's really quick turnover.  Also, the shakes are killer.  Everything is still, surprisingly, reasonably priced!
3	The service is always friendly, and the food always good, but I find this location to have been extremely slow in the drive thru on my last 3 visits.
4	The drive thru was Slow!! Even though the food is always wonderful, I hope next time the person taking orders will get our orders right the first time.
5	I went back here again today since I was lounging around on my day off and got 2 cheeseburgers, just as good as usual 'animal style'
5	Cheap food, about ~$6-8 for a meal that will get you a double cheeseburger and a generous portion of fries, as well as a drink. Food tasted great!
5	The best. No contest.
5	Come on...a GREAT burger the others (5Gs, Smash, Shake, etc.) can't match and for less than half their prices!!!This location, right off the strip, is packed at lunch.  You're going to wait at least 5 minutes on line and at least 10 for your order.  Didn't fault them for that because that's expected when you go there.ANIMAL everything!!!Fresh, friendly and clean.  And if you have kids, don't forget to ask for the hats and stickers.
5	We all know what to get! Animal style! Aaaand Dr Pepper brah!!!
4	First time at this location. I love In n Out burgers and fries. One of the few fast food places I'll eat at. This location is just as good as the others I've had. Clean. Pleasant employees, you wait a few minutes for your food, but it's worth it. It's always hot and fresh.
4	Friendly staff. Clean restaurant. Speedy service. They come around to your table to ask how you are doing. There are tables to eat outside as well. It's always FREEZING inside- hard to enjoy my meal.
4	Raised & residing in vegas, I have to love this place. In n out is exactly what can satisfy your tummy anytime of the day! Theyve never messed up an order or given a hard time. Its always a clean & friendly place. I always order a protein-animalstyle burger with regular fries, with a side of spread. Try it! Its from their secret menu. If you're a tourist, just avoid the Dean Martin location because it's always packed.
5	Even when the lines are long, it is so worth the wait, that the time flies!Even when not dieting, I get the protein style double double.This location is my fav-close to home, not too busy, same low prices.
1	Compared to the other ones, the employees in this one are much more rude. When my mom, who speaks English with a strong accent, made an order, they purposely watered down the soda to the point where you can't even taste it! This behavior is totally uncalled for, and I hope the manager reads this.
4	I have never eaten at one of these places before.  It was packed and after eating on the over priced strip I can see why.  A good burger.  It reminded me of the old time Burger Chef.
3	Still a fan but there's been a couple of "oops!" lately. Namely, they forgot to add grilled onions to mine and the wife's animal style burgers the other day. The shake was pretty darn runny as well... We'll give them another go and see if things are improving since typically In N' Out is top notch.
5	Hands down the best fast food burger chain. Nothing beats a Double Double meal Animal Style with a side of spread. No reason to use ketchup when you can dip your fries in the delicious spread.I would hate to move to the East Coast because I'd be lost without this place.
4	The panda made it over 29 years without having In-n-Out Burger. Really only because I've lived in states that don't have this place. People say, "You gotta try this place!" or "I swear by this holy spot like some loyal worshiper!" Um, sure.I met up with some friends in Vegas for the Panda In-n-Out Initiation.I pretty much stuck with the basic burger menu this time: Double-double, cheeseburger, and hamburger. I upgraded for an order of animal fries because I've always been intrigued by that. Total came to around $11.50 with tax.Fresh vegetables are key to a burger. Check. Juicy patty? Check. Oh look, they toasted the bun! Win. The fries, as far as appearance goes, reminded me of McDonald's fries, but at least I saw the people actually placing the potatoes in the potato slicing machine. Can't beat that. All four of us still believe that there must be some type of drug in the animal sauce, because it left me wanting more burgers and fries.A couple of my friends also got the well-done fries. That and a couple of protein burgers might be in order next time. With more animal sauce, of course.There's a video of me eating the food. You know, just to document my initiation. (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yWuBDFVgK1w)Unfortunately, I passed on the shakes this time. The panda can't handle excess dairy. The cheese in the burgers was enough. I do hear the shakes are good, though.I'm a fan and I'll definitely return. Gotta tackle more of the secret menu next time!
4	This is a good place to eat lunch if you work close to this fast food restaurant. they always get my order right and the service is fast.
4	By far the best fast food burger place along with shake shack. I'm not as much of a huge fan of the fries though they are awesome when ordered animal style.Only reservation I have about this Vegas location in particular is that they messed up my order and were not willing to correct it unless I paid. Quite odd for a chain that well known. Otherwise I would have given them 5 stars.
4	My friend from LA was always raving about this place and when I went to Sin City and saw it, had to try it!I got the double double animal style and woo-hoo it did get the animal in me out and about. It was juicy and I was satiated. I didn't care for the fries and the drink sat in the rental car for 24 hours. If you see this spot anywhere in the US and want a nice bag of grease, pop in and try one.
4	Burgers are awesome.  We go a couple times a month and the kids LOVE it too.  If you haven't tried In-&-Out before you have to give it a shot next time you see one, you wont be disappointed!
4	Wow, I know I had a review posted from three years ago on In-N-Out Burger as I am pretty sure was one of my first reviews, anyhow. I just noticed I did not have an active review for this particular In-N-Out Burger so here goes easy and simple!This is a staple burger joint that I have eaten at since my days living in los angeles, (SFV) and the quality never disappoints! My boyfriend and I go here from time to time to get our burger and animal style fries craving satisfied! Animal style is the way to go on the fries for sure because they are just too plain and dry without the caramelized onions and special sauce. !The Fantastic service, cleanliness and quality can't be beat!We love In-N-Out Burger!
5	My absolute favorite place to eat when on the West Coast. There is NOTHING better than a Double Double with Cheese, Animal Style! I'm not big into the fries, and your order WILL take a while to be made, but it is totally worth it. I introduced my boyfriend to this while we were in LA and he's in love. Counting the days until I return to the US for that delicious burger!
5	In N Out is always incredible! While some locations are busier than others, the customer service remains top notch all across the board. Frankly, with how busy they do get (there's ALWAYS a line) I'm amazed with both the food they put out, the time they do it in, the accuracy they do it with AND with a smile?! Really?! You guys are wonderful!The short wait has a lot to do with the streamlined menu. Fries, shakes in three flavors, regular burger, cheese burger, double cheese burger.. yep. That's about it. Everything off the "secret menu" which is no secret, are just variations from the ingredients found on everything else. A simple Google search can pull up the entire menu for you. My cat would be upset if I got In N Out for myself but neglected to get her favorite- the Flying Dutchman.My usual - a cheeseburger with light spread, grilled onions, add pickles. Their burgers are perfection in a fast food burger. Squishy toasted bun, sweet grilled onions, salty meat, cool tomato slice, crunchy cold iceberg that gets slightly wilted from the heat of the patty.. you just can't beat it. It's an experience!
5	Always a go-to place to take out of towners.  I'm not sure what the best part of the meals is here... Could it be the french fries which are cut fresh from potatoes? (you can see the guy behind the counter slamming them through a manual press).  Perhaps it's the fresh lettuce or tomatoes with that tangy sauce.Whatever it is, I'm always prepared to wait (especially at this location) but it is well worth it!
4	Place is legit, always friendly, always fresh and always busy.   Cheap too, as far as fast food burgers go what else can you ask for????
5	Overall Inn n Out never disappoints. The burgers are delicious, fresh and the cheese always perfectly melted. The lettuce has a crunch and the tomatoes aren't mealy. Things you would think would be expected of most places that serve burgers, but often these goals aren't met - except for Inn n Out. Quality burgers. All the time.
3	The one thing this place has going for it is quality and freshness.  Quality is subjective of course, we are after all talking about fast food, The burgers are good(sauce is very nice).  The secret menu has some interesting things on it that I have yet to try, but im looking forward to it. Fries are ok, the malts are horrible, this from somebody who knows malts, born and raised in Wisconsin.  The malts here are too sugary and the flavor is off. 3.4 stars
5	My 100th review!In N Out is consistently amazing. I was craving In N Out on my 9 hour trip from San Francisco and they didn't disappoint. I arrived and one of the most satisfying meals ever. Double Double with animal fries... oh yes. Amazing.Now that I'm back on the east coast I will continue with my In N Out withdrawls.
4	I have never really been here before even though it's close to my house.  But I decided to go and ordered a regular cheeseburger and animal style fries.  Over all it was very yummy. I love the onions. The place was packed.   To me it's not a great cheeseburger, but yes it's fresh, yummy and I love the grilled onions.  The price is right and I'd definitely go back from time to time.
5	Absolutely LOVE In-N-Out, BEST fast food burger joint for me....
4	Awesome. It's a So Cal staple that's as good here in the desert  as it is on the shore. I'm sure you've all heard about the secret menu, great shakes, etc. So I'll just tell you how I do it at In-N-Out, and I'll do it with the same skill as they do: I'll leave you wanting more.DO NOT STUFF YOURSELF! I'm a big guy, and I usually get a cheeseburger animal style and a flying dutchman. Under $5 and the perfect amount. Believe me, the flavors are so potent it's easy to get carried away.See what I mean; you want more, right? That's the secret sauce...
1	I am a huge fan of In-N-Out, but at this location I had a HORRIBLE experience. I ordered my food to go with some friends and when I took a bite of my double double I saw that there was MOLD on the bottom of my bun. I was so disgusted I could not eat for the rest of the day. The other people in my group had nothing wrong with their food, so I was the unlucky one. I contacted corporate about the issue and they sent me vouchers for two free meals during my next visit at any In-N-Out but I do not plan on going back for a while...
4	You know the drill, menu is not extensive, although there is a not-so-secret menu. I enjoy my #2, grilled onions instead of regular. I'm sure we all have our favorites.This specific location though, one of the cleanest In-N-Outs in town. So I definitely am a fan. :)
5	The best fast food, super fresh and delicious! Always clean and the staff is always nice.
5	How can you ever go wrong with In-N-Out?!  This place is freakin awesome!!  I wish I could bathe in the spread sauce.  And have sex with a cheeseburger everyday of my life.  Maybe I can find a way to live in one
5	The food is great and the menu is simple. Burgers and fries, makes ordering fast and you don't have to wait behind someone trying to decide from a menu with 30 different things on it. The employees are always cheerful.
5	I am so happy that Las Vegas has In N Out Burger!! After moving here from California, Las Vegas would seem incomplete without it. Every time I go, I have great service with fast, fresh, and delicious food! It is my all time favorite burger joint!
5	No other burger joint compares to the awesomeness of In-N-Out Burger's style.A Cheeseburger runs at $2.25, which is what makes it such an easy decision to order two.Fries are great! Milkshakes are awesome!Always busy regardless of the location, but the staff always manage to get orders out quickly.I rave about this business to everyone I meet whenever I am out traveling other states that do not have the privilege of an In-N-Out Burger within their state lines.PS: Don't forget to learn the secret menu!
3	Good burger for the price, especially if you get it animal style.  Still though, they don't have bacon.  NO BACON!!  That would be like the equivalent of opening up a pizza joint but having no pepperoni.  Shame.
5	Best burger I've ever had from a fast food restaurant!!!  Wish they'd move to the east coast!!!  The first time I'd had In-N-Out I was vacationing in San Francisco so when I saw the sign in Vegas I had to go!!!  Well worth it.  Wish we'd gone there instead of fatburger!
5	i love everything here, the fresh fries, the burgers...yummmmmmm
4	Its In-N-Out when you want a burger animal style find one and enjoy.
5	One of my favorite in n outs and I may have visited about 100 different locations in 4 different states. Even though it's Vegas it doesn't feel like Vegas, it feels like in n out! No matter how busy they are I've never had a bad burger or crappy experience. The crew is always ready to handle whatever comes their way! Thanks in n out!
4	This location is always on the ball! The drive-thru always seems to be packed but moves very quickly. The ingredients here are always fresh, your food order is always double checked before you get it, and no matter what time of day, your food is always served to you with a smile. Among their well known 'secret menu items' I had recently found out that if you are a fan of their shakes you can order one 'neopolitan style' which combines vanilla, chocolate, and strawberry all into one!
5	The food is always amazing. My standard order is a double-double with fries and a chocolate shake- sometimes I'll splurge with an order of cheesy fries instead (I know there's a secret menu, but I don't like anything but cheese on my burger). While the food is great, the place is always packed (because, let's face it, everyone loves In 'N Out). If you plan on dining in, you have to play a game of stalking tables. You know, place your order and then prowl around the dining area waiting for some unsuspecting customers to finish eating and then snatch up their table (preferably after they get up- you don't want to be too over zealous). Crowded dining area aside, this place is great and I look forward to going back.
5	Best fast food burger out there. Double-double animal style. Crunchiest lettuce one has ever crunched, ripe tomato, 2 x juicy beef patty cooked in mustard, 2 x american cheese, thousand island, and grilled onions. This beast was to die for. Really though, heart attack is imminent but so worth every morsel. Each burger patty is made to order. Also, according to their website they do not own a freezer, microwave, or heat lamp. And their burger patties have no filler or preservatives of any kind. Pretty cool. And in this case, a little goes a long way. You can taste the quality difference in their product compared to any other fast food restaurant.1 is enough to fill you up. Trust me. I ate two and needed a prescription for stretchy pants and no motion what-so-ever for several hours after consumption. Eating 2 does NOT come recommended.
5	I was in Las Vegas a few months ago and had to go to this location because a million and one people were at the other location on Dean Martin closer to the strip. Animal style fries are the best ever. I wish this was on the east coast.  It was during the EDC so I guess everyone woke up like 1Pm.  I enjoyed this location actually much better. Look forward to going back for the good stuff next time. This location is better, need a car though when closer to the Strip.
5	Let me begin this review by mentioning the fact that I've had In-N-Out plenty of times, but I haven't had an actual In-N-Out burger until very recently... I know what you're thinking. Girl, what do you even mean by that?If you could kindly cut me some slack, I'm going to admit here on the Internet that (up until a few months ago), I have always been a wee bit of a burger snob. At most every burger joint, I would order a hamburger with nothing but the meat and bun. No lettuce or tomato, no onion or pickles and definitely no condiments whatsoever... I know. You despise me. You think I'm a weirdo.On rare occasions, I'd try something new, but a lot of the time--just the meat and bun, like plain vanilla. And here at In-N-Out, I'd either have that or a grilled cheese, fries, and a shake.After finally deciding to put an end to my picky habits, I marched over to this location and had my very first, real In-N-Out hamburger (not the Double-Double... Baby steps! Baby steps!)... And, god, it was freaking awesome. I now find myself craving In-N-Out a lot...Yeah, this could be dangerous.
4	Food was good but  took forever. It seemed like they needed more help. 20 minutes for not being that busy.  Hopefully next visit is better.
3	This is my second trip to In-N-Out burger, and my take on it hasn't changed.  It's a fast food joint.  I had the combo, with the burger ordered animal style.  The burger was good, but I did not find it to be the gloriousness of all burgers as so many other reviewers do.  Perhaps my expectations were set too high by so many wonderful reviews.  I did like the special sauce on the burger, but it didn't taste much different to me than any other burger at any other place.  The fries are okay, same story, good but not fantastic.  For less than $6, it was a decent lunch.  The line was crazy long - be prepared for a wait - I'm told it's always like that.  There is a merchandise store right next door, and they had some great sales - scored 3 T-shirts for the kids for $12 total.  I was pretty happy about that.
4	I grew up in Cali, I know no other burger joints but In and Out, Fatburher and Tommy's. What else is there to know?
4	It's In & Out! What can I say that hasn't been said thousands of times over? The food is always great!!! The only problem is the cleanliness- I have never sat down to a table that was clean ( or the seats ) at this location.
5	After eating at IN & OUT burger for several years I can say without a doubt that they deserve a 5 star rating! Great burgers and fresh fries. Always somebody cleaning the dining area, great service and I've never had my order messed up! They are PACKED just about all day long and I can see why.
3	I was hopeful that ordering the fries "well done" would remedy the stale taste I find their fries to have....it did not.  They still almost tasted fake.  The double double burger was as good as a fast food burger gets.  The line at this location was 10 cars deep on a Saturday night, taking around 30 minutes from pull up to leaving with food.
5	Born and raised eating In N Out. Another pkace to check out if you havent been. They have them all over southern California where im from. Fresh hambuger and fries!! Dont forget to get your hambuger and fries with a shake for a couple cents more.
4	Friendly and clean so How can you ever go wrong?My favorite is the protein style without the meat and a side of animal style fries. I know, you are thinking, did she just say withOUT the meat??? YUP, I did! I don't eat meat and this is how I can enjoy In-N-Out just the way everyone else does :-) So I just have them fill it up with the veggies and it is super yummy every time, just the way I like it! The best part about it is, that when I order it, they don't even bat an eye at me, they just pop in my order and ask me what else I would like! I love it there, YAY for In-N-Out!
5	Obviously in-n-out has definitely been a staple in my diet and im pretty sure every other american as well lol! But since I track my macros its ok! Anyways I get the same thing all the time1. 4 x 4 animal style extra grilled onion, extra extra extra extra mustard fried, no lettuce n no tomato2. I usually get a regular french fry but if im really hungry I get animal style3. Depending on my hinge level I get a Neapolitan shakeYes, the caloric value of this is extremely high but its innout I love tho place!Estephanie, dulce, and nigel are all amazing! They already know what I want and exactly how I want it. They are so polite and awesome! Thank you guys!
2	I wish I could rate it higher, but as a vegetarian.... there aren't any options (sans the soda!). I've heard good things and I wish I could partake, but alas until they expand their menu (which they probably won't ever do, so kudos to them for sticking to tradition!) I can't be a part of this craze.
4	In-N-Out is a must-go whenever I'm in an area that has one! I got a cheeseburger meal, animal style (both the burger and my fries). YUM!!!!Always good!
2	My wife loves In & Out.  I've still yet to figure out what the hype is all about.  I've been to at least four different locations in four different states and the quality of the meal is the same.  So, you know exactly what to expect when you go to an In & Out.  I'm sure that's what attracts people to them but I need a lot more 'wow' factor when it comes to a good American burger and fries.
4	Double Animal Style! Along with a side of animal style fries and a strawberry milkshake seem to be the only thing I ever order because my taste buds just burst with so much joy! In-N-Out Burger most definitely have some of the FRESHEST burgers you can eat! That's hard to find in most fast food places! Plus they are super addicting!
5	Great crew at this location.  We live right down the street and eat here often. Everything is fresh and the place is super clean for being so busy. Once in a blue moon the crew is off their game and a bun gets a little over done or or your fries are ice cold.  Just the crew and it's fixed without a worry. My favorite is the inspiring word with every meal. :-)
4	Always a good time at in-and-out!  It's a must visit whenever I'm in Vegas.  My friends and I would always cab out to get in-and-out and have the driver wait for us.  It's totally worth every meter money!  Haha.  Delicious burger at a unbeatable price!  Fresh ingredients that you can taste.  My favorite is the animal style. Don't forget to lookup their secret menu before you head over.
4	Busy location, allow some time, food is good, same price as McD's but real beef hamburgers and better fries.
4	Sitting in the drive-through waiting on my animal fries and vanilla shake. Service is fast and the food is very hot! I love in and out!! Sometimes the lines for the drive-through are exceptionally long although I would prefer to get out and go in at those times of the day.  Today I was in and out of the line within six minutes!!!
4	I must be the only person in America who has never eaten at an In-N-Out Burger....until today when I ate lunch there. The verdict:  pretty good burger and fries. Long wait at lunch time though, over 15 minutes once I ordered. Try it.
5	like every in n out that I've been to, the service here is perfect. I'm sure the corporate headquarters have them trained down to the tee.
4	Burgers have always been something special. What do they put in there burgers?!! Will we be back ?? YESSSS!
4	I mean, how bad do I feel giving In N Out only 4 stars when it's always 5 stars in my heart?! This location is just always packed with 'vomit & blood on their shirts, still drunk from the night before' tourists. Which isn't really In N Out's fault...but is super unappetizing. Fries were undercooked when I ordered them "lightly well".
5	Before we moved to Vegas, I had never even heard of this place. Now, we tee everyone that comes to visit us to eat here. It is Amazing!! Be sure to order your burger "animal style." Delicious!!!!!!!!!
4	My local In-N-Out, and I most definitely love this location!Located on Tropicana between Fort Apache and Grand Canyon, this location is nowhere near as busy as the other locations, especially the In-N-Out on Tropicana and the 15. The lines are shorter than other locations during peak hours, and is especially not too busy when it is outside of peak hours, which makes this location very desirable when you want a quick bite to eat. The service is always excellent with a friendly staff waiting to take your order and periodically cleaning the dining area. The food is as In-N-Out gets, absolutely delicious.
1	Showed up at 1:29 tonight. Left the wine festival, the girl working the window said they close at 1:30. Made no accommodations- so disappointing
5	Pretty busy place even close to midnight but  they work fast and you will get your tasty burgers fast!
1	Remember that time back in college when you were so stoned at like 3 in the morning with a serious case of the munchies? And the only thing you could find in the frat house refrigerator was a bag of frozen french fries that had been in there since your freshman year. But being desperate, you threw them in the oven at 500 degrees ('cause you just couldn't imagine waiting 15 minutes to eat). And then you burned yourself on the pan when you pulled them out, but you were too stoned to feel the pain (although you were quite certain you were going to feel it in the morning). Do you remember how, after just a few bites of what might just be the nastiest thing you ever ate, you threw them in the garbage and thought to yourself, "What's the use? What's the point to all of this? Why do I even bother? Why do I even go on" And when you woke up late the next afternoon, you went straight down to the registrar's office and changed your major to philosophy. Then you started getting drunk and smoking pot every night with that long-haired old guy who hangs out at the bar, the guy who never showers and always hits on the freshmen girls who sneak in on the weekends; only to find yourself dropping out of college a few months later because you just couldn't disseminate the intellectual struggle between being and nothingness, and your professors were just too stupid to understand you. And now, 20 years later, you're living back home in your parents house, unable to keep a job and drinking away your paycheck every night in that same college bar. And when you look at yourself in the broken bathroom mirror you suddenly realize that you have become that old, smelly drunk who still hits on college girls. And you look back at your life and think to yourself -"If only I'da skipped those fries, everything in my life would be different now."Trust me, those fries were gourmet compared to In-N-Out Burger's. They tasted like powdery, freezer burned match-sticks that had been reheated under a heat lamp - it was difficult to tell if they were made from potatoes or from some Star Trek food simulator machine.My burger was equally disgusting. It is fair to say the only part of the burger that did not suck was the lettuce. The bun was stale and dry, the browned skin of the bun's top peeled off like 60 year old wallpaper from an old pickle factory, leaving what looked and tasted like a frozen bun that was thawed on high in the microwave..I have nothing to complain about with the vanilla shake - at last, nothing to complain about.In all told, my last visit to In-N-Out Burger was as disappointing as anything you could imagine. My guess is, there IS a limit to how much you can cut-back on quality just to save a dime. It's a shame for such an iconic brand.
4	The drive thru line is normally a bit long but the food is usually given on time. A couple of my previous coworkers from another job work here so it's fun seeing them here. The only thing I noticed is that the entrance is inconveniently located. You can only access this restaurant by one street only.
1	As a new Vegas resident I figured it was time I finally tried In n Out.  Even on the East coast the cult following is known. The guy that took my order was polite and explained my options. I placed my order for a cheeseburger combo animal style no pickles to go. There were 2 people in front of me prior to my order.  After waiting 25 minutes my good was finally ready. On the way home I decided to try a few fries because I was hungry before I got to In n Out but at this point I was starving. The fries were cold!!!! When I get home 5 minutes later the burger and rest of the fries were cold too! How is it possible to be forced to wait and then get cold food??? Terrible experience. Change the name to In and Eventually Out with Cold Food.
5	Always a long line, employees are always friendly and food is always great. This location is the closest one for me so I go to this one the most. They never close on time since there is always a line swirling around the building but the employees maintain a good attitude and a smile which is indeed rare in this town. This drive thru is quicker than all the others ones to me and they always get my order right which is also rare among all other fast food restaurants here. It's my fave in every way.
3	To be completely honest, everyone gives such a hype about in n out and I just felt that my experience this time was not to great. I got animal style fries and there was so much sauce on them it was overwhelming and made then really soggy. Not the best here.
4	Excellent service, yummy french fries that we always get two of them, burgers are deliciously full of stuff and greasy yummy, ya know the way a real burger should be. The only downside to the burgers were they were too small, more of a tease to me, an hour later you are hungry again. Always appreciate the great service and food though, we'll be back when we're not too hungry.
4	What can be said about In & Out, doesn't matter which location perfectly consistent every single time. With that being said the only downside is crazy long drive through waits, even if you go inside it's also packed with people. That's the only reason for my Four Star Rating!
4	This is one of the more out of the way In-N-Out locations. Their lines are almost always long, but they are efficient and get the line going quickly. The food is solid and I'll come to this location ahead of most others out of convenience.
4	Love this place. Great friendly service, good food, good value. I just wish it was bigger. There's nowhere to sit when it's busy, and they need to work on wiping off the tables in the dining area more often.
3	Usually when I come here im never disappointed. Food is always amazing, employees are working hard, and my order is always correct! Thai specific time however the boys at the window where I got my food were screwing off and forgot half of my order. Super bummed that I didn't get what I paid for and that I drove a good 20 mins to get it. Hopefully this won't happen again.
5	I've been wanting to try this place forever because I've heard how great it is. I was not disappointed at all, their burgers are delish!!!!
