3	Situated near by-pass , old style charm about the place , serves food which is expensive considering it's location , right next to ski-slope if you fancy showing of your Frans Klammer impersination .
2	Pleasant enough surroundings and reasonable beer but the food was really awful poorly reheated stuff. This used to be really nice.
3	I visited The Steading after a long walk over the Pentlands. It was good but not great, serving soup with good flavour, but a bit of a grainy texture.Overall, we said: "The Steading is very nicely placed and served my needs quite well."
1	Always, Always good food here until now.Under cooked chicken, burnt haggis, chips were nice.There are better places to eat... even McDonalds is better :0(Really Disappointed.
3	This pub is in a great location but the food is average although to be fair it charges average prices.Nice beer garden for a sunny day
2	After an afternoon at Hillend, The Steading is an attractive proposition. Right next door and offering a decent looking menu of 'pub fayre' and beers.The beers are good. They have a few real ales on tap and frequently rotate. Unfortunately their ales are warm. Not just 'cellar cool' (which is ideal) but warm. Which might have something to do with the radiators being on at full heat all the time.The menu is nicely varied. But when I say it offers 'pub fayre' that is exactly what I mean. Maybe even being a little generous. I have been two times now. On the first occasion I had mediterranean 'Vegetable Skewers with Cous Cous'. It was incredibly bland, I don't know how it's possible but even the chargrilled onion was absent of any flavour. The rest of the plate was just as unremarkable, if i'm being kind. Second time  I ordered the 'Tuna Nicoise'. It was a definite improvement on the veg skewers. Consisting of a very generous serving of lettuce, baby potatoes, a few green beans, one boiled egg, masses of pickled anchovies, a mountain of tuna and a smattering of vinaigrette. All of which, without doubt, came out of a tin/packet/bottle/jar. 'Meh' sums it up.Pleasant, but not worth recommending.
