5	I wouldn't normally review such a large ice cream chain, but I have to say that I had such a pleasant experience there this very afternoon.  I was out running a errand and I was craving a sweet treat and I knew there was a cold stone around the corner.  As I am walking up thinking to myself that I really don't want all the calories I hope they have a low cal option.  It was as if someone answered my prayers and it was right on their front door "Tart Berry" only 25 calories a serving.  PERFECT!  I go in and say to the nice man behind the counter that I would like a Tart Berry... he then tells me what a funny coincidence because they literally just set this new ice cream machine up.  So I was the very first person to try Tart Berry at Cold Stone Creamery (well at least at this store in Chandler)... they have all the fresh fruit toppings and granola etc that you can put on yourself.  It was just what I needed.  When I went to pay they gave it to me for free!  Awesome.  Well needless to say my experience there put a big smile on my face.
1	I have had mixed results with this place.  Sometimes the ice cream is more like just cream.  It's soft.  In addition, I think the owner must take off and let the high school kids run the whole operation.  Sometimes the service is just terrible......
4	Not on the approved diet...but dam good
4	I disagree with the person who said that they employees here are incompetent kids. True, the person behind the counter is usually half my age but I have been in this place many times and found that even though they are young they are usually friendly, courteous and knowledgeable. This is my favorite spot for ice cream in the area. I love Cold Stone and like it much better than all the frozen yogurt places with stupid names that have been popping up everywhere. Plus, even though they are a chain the headquarters are in Scottsdale so hopefully more of our dollars are staying in the state.
3	Love this Cold Stone if only for the fact that around the time you would be leaving dinner in one of the close restaurants, the strip mall this location is in is basically shut down. We didn't have any wait whatsoever.
3	Well, unfortunately I have to take them down a star because Cold Stone stopped serving sugar-free (Splenda) ice cream. Not very fair for their diabetic customers such as my husband.I will say though, as further evidence that this location is much better than the others, we asked about the Splenda ice cream (they called it "sinless") at two other locations and they just looked at us like we had two heads. At least this store had a few employees that had been there longer than a couple months and were able to tell us that corporate had made the decision to no longer serve it at all. They do still have a "sinless" shake, though.
4	Great ice cream! Everyone loves ice cream! Except terrorists. If you're a terrorist, you wont like this place.
4	Mmmmm ice cream. Mixed with just about anything you want. I knew this location was close to where I live but I have never been here before. I usually go to the Tempe Marketplace location after a movie and get Birthday Cake Remix. I did neither one of those this time. My girlfriend mentioned that she had Cold Stone for dinner on the way to a Yelp event. I was jealous. I wanted ice cream too. Sounded really good. Then I remembered this location was right down the street so off I went.I got mint ice cream with a chocolate brownie and fudge sauce mixed in. So good. A little drippy and messy but that is part of it.One minor thing was right when I walked in no one was up front. I stood there for a little bit then a family walked in. We both stood there for a little while longer. Then someone came up to help us. We didn't wait too long. Probably not a minute but just a little thing of leaving people standing there for a little bit. Not a big deal at all to me. It was to the woman behind me who had the child who wanted this and this and that. The nice person who just help me turned around for just a second and got an "Excuse me. We were next." from this lady. How dare she turn around for a second. That lady needed to calm down. Some people. She just turned around for a second and this lady thought she was going to run away on her. Nothing makes another human being feel good like being summoned to serve you. Relax. Now if she walked away for another minute or was chatting with a friend or other employee or texting or something instead of doing her job then you might be justified with your Excuse me but otherwise calm down. They may be there to serve you but they are not your servants. Have some respect for another human being. Unless they aren't respecting you in the first place.Let's all have some ice cream.
2	We came over here after a nice dinner for dessert. Showed up to a long line, they were fairly quick, but some of the people I was with needed to use the restroom and we're not able due to the fact that a boy had peed all over the floors and there was a line since it had not been cleaned. When the problem was addressed to one of the employee's they ignored my concern and said that there is a long line. The bathroom should be addressed since there is also a line there. Upon checking out, the Asian male cashier was rude when we wanted to split the payment. I would definitely think twice before returning to this establishment.
