5	My favorite place to shop for punk and indie records.  I've been going to Eastside since I was 15 years old and they are still rocking.  Their prices are kind of high but they carry some rare things that you can't find anywhere else.  The staff is pretty damn cool too.
5	an excellent record store staffed by knowledgeable and friendly folks.  this is a great place to find punk, metal, jazz and even REAL records :)
3	Your typical indie music store with a punk rawk orientation (unfortunately this is the Phoenix area's only one) ... with some books ... Henry Rollins included...
5	i guiltily admit i havne't been inside this store in a loooong time, and it keeps shrinking! i'm just glad it's surviving, i hear rumors of its closing all the time.a tempe staple, prob higher prices than ZIa, which is just down the street, but i think the vibe here is cooler, and not as corporate as Zia's.
5	Super badass record store.  Great selection, and I frankly didn't find the prices that out of sorts with other stores of this type.  Found some great obscure funk in here, as well as some good ole stoner rock (I'm a sucker for the SR).  Highly recommended.  As an added bonus there wasn't the annoying hipsterism that you find in many other shops of this type, more like guys who are music aficionados who just dig talking music.
3	Small average, neighborhood record shop, nice variety, nothing too crazy or cool. I've grown up around some great record stores: Reptilian in Baltimore, Eides in Pittsburgh and even Miss Beat Records in York, PA, so this shop is pretty bland in comparison. Record stores are dieing and it's a shame. But, that's the nature of the business. I personally don't care what medium my music is played on. I gave away my record collection years ago, because they get heavy when you move and travel alot. My only regret was giving my Beatles collection away, I had every album. oops
4	Sadly, Eastside had to downsize and they squeezed everything into half the shop. It's sad too because they got jacked out of the better side. I've been coming here for 16 years and learned a lot about music and met a lot of cool people here. The owner is a great guy and even if they seem a little preoccupied, don't be afraid to ask questions of the staff - they are more than willing to help you find something or even order something special for you. These days it's so easy to order things on the internet and stores like this go away. Stores like Wal Mart and Best Buy don't help the situation either. They can't really keep up price-wise, but they will have stuff you won't be able to find elsewhere. It's a great place to go to find new music you never heard of before and to find stuff you thought didn't exist or was out of print. I think we should all support small indie/punk record stores when we can. I still buy stuff from here occasionally even though I get most of my stuff from the internet. I'm glad they kept it open when they had to downsize - it could've been easier to just give up. Kudos to them. It's this and Stinkweeds... when they're gone, it's all over.Their prices aren't bad actually - and they buy used items. They sell CDs and Vinyl and some tapes still. They also have DVDs and videos and other assorted stuff. It's worth a visit if you've never been.
4	The new store is smaller than the previous one. But it's still a reliable digging source for records. I wish there was a better selection of dance tracks, but that isn't really their thing. They did have the new Chromatics and Glass Candy 12" singles when I was in there last, which was nice.Great selection of hip hop vinyl, some awesome indie records, etc. Definitely recommend this if you're in the Tempe area.
4	Eastside Records is the best ever. Support your local independent record dealer. Please!Yes, it's smaller than it used to be and the used selection isn't as great as it used to be for CDs. I still look through every single disc in the bins as I find great stuff every time I go. I pick up five and buy two or three. Please come bring your CDs so the rest of us can pick them up.Awesome for you vinyl collectors and a great place to pick up an old turntable. Prices are fine, especially if you buy used. You'll never pick up what you came there for at a chain store for the most part. The guys are cool and if you talk to them, they'll talk to you. I've also had them order something I couldn't find. All hail the independent record dealer. I couldn't drive the first time I bought a tape there. Seriously, love it and you will too. Start at Eastside, if you don't find it, then go to Zia. Not the other way around.
5	You don't even know how many Dairy Queen paychecks I would throw down at Eastside ever other Friday! I swear at least  80% of my income as a young 16 yr. old boy went to this place. They always had what I needed and I also collect vinyl so they have a great collection of vinyl also. The workers are so cool, I use to want to be as cool as they were when I grew up, but obviously wasn't successful. This place still rocks and I am sad that I don't really go anymore cause of my online purchasing habits, but I need to make it back over there.
5	The pre-eminent Tempe music store. I cased Eastside for much vinyl in high school, and they always had the coolest stuff.
5	If it weren't for this store I'd own a house by now.Great selection of old vinyl, fair prices on buying and selling,  and if you can't find it there you might as well have them order it cuz you won't find it anywhere else.  They also have interesting rock n roll knick knacks, every time i go there i leave w/ a new band bio, patch, or random piece of memorabilia. They also have turn tables, and will help you fix the one you already own. Probably the best blues selection around, and very helpful how they seperate the reprints from the originals for the punk/rock genre.    The owners are super knowledgable and you can blow a whole afternoon there talking about the good ole days.
5	This is the best record store in Tempe, hands down.  Second best in the Valley (after Tracks in Wax).  I have been collecting records for almost 30 years now, and have been going to Eastside for about half that time - at least since I could conveniently drive out to the east valley, and regularly since I moved to this end of town about 10 years ago.  I remember the fish tank with the moray eel and the fact that the plaza they are in used to let them have twice the space.It amazes me that they have survived all this time.  And, boy, am I glad they have.  A good chunk of my collection, and even my current turntable, has come from here.  If I ever won the lottery, I would probably spend enough money in one day here to keep the place in business for another few decades.  Heck, I'd even buy them a bigger place if I could!  This is one of the last truly independent record stores.  I'm happy to support them, and I hope everyone else will continue to do so as well.Edit: They closed down on 12/31/10.  I'm going to miss them.  Hopefully they'll reopen somewhere else, even if it is only online.  My regret is that I didn't have enough money to do one final run through there.
5	I am obsessed with Blip.fm & Pandora. I keep a notebook with me at all times, specifically to write down new music I need to buy that I come across using these 2 magnificent musical tools. When I need to track down a new find, I will go here. I have loyalty to Eastside. I frequently visited when I lived here before, and have never gone in not finding what I was looking for. Its smaller than it used to be, but its still awesome. Staff are friendly, super helpful too.. And they have a sweet collection of vinyls, which is rad. I will probably be back here within the next week, at least once.
5	The Last Standing Record Store in Tempe!!!!!!!!!!! Its my favorite place to find the most Old Vinyls I want or the best place to get Break Beats if your a DJ!!! It is small but its just that Vintage place you always go back to!
4	I went here on a friend's recommendation and am grateful to have found this gem.  Deep selection with both collectible rarities and fun bargains.  A great store for browsing.  Used turntables are fairly priced if you are looking to get into vinyl. unplug the cable tv or satellite dish and for the price of one month's cable tv/satellite subscription, Eastside will set you up with that turntable and a whole armload of record fun.   Helpful and knowledgable customer service.accessible via light rail (take the blue free shuttles from the station by the stadium or take a short stroll down Mill to University).
4	A store devoted to vinyl and one of the last best independent store near Mill Ave with selections that are hard to find in town.Great selection of 80s hits. My first stop to vinyl if i have plenty of time to go through to find my missing favorites.
4	I love east side records! this place is so great, its hard to believe its still in tempe and that some terrible FYE or some other coporate trash hasnt pushed them out yet! come to East Side records if you:adore vinyllisten to more obscure musicwant to discuss said obscure music with truly knowledgable and hip catslike to support local buisnesslive in the areaJUST COME TO EAST SIDE RECORDS!
4	This place is on my walk home from school and I visit it about once a week.  A great selection of old punk rock stuff, I found a much wanted copy of New Order Substance last week. Reasonably priced rare vinyl on the wall. Had Gang of Four Entertainment for on the wall for 20 bucks. All in all, a solid record store, kinda small, but a great place to spend some afternoon time.  Nice to see locally owned, independent record stores too.
5	I have been showing up at this place since 1989.  We have a common taste called the meat puppets.  Everytime I come to AZ, I always stop in to say HI.  Seriously best music store you can come across on the planet.  Ben, you rule.  Good times.
5	Recently Eastside announced that they will be closing their doors on the first of January unless they are bought in the mean time.  I don't think any news could've saddened me more.  Though this didn't come as surprise it still felt like I got punched.  Eastside has been my favorite record store for close to 6 years.   I've pretty much grown up there.Without being totally sappy Eastside charges reasonable prices, has a really kind and helpful staff and have served the Tempe music community for almost 25 years now.   It's a real shame to see them go.
4	If you like dust and records, this is the place for you. If you are looking for something out of the ordinary or hard to find, they probably might have it at Eastside Records.
5	I'm really sad this place is now closed. I spent a lot of my youth in this record store and also was exposed to a ton of music I would not have found on my own. Thanks for all the great memories and the great music!
