1	Terrible venue:(-1) Bad drinks (they add water, confirmed by 3 people).(-1) Bad Crowd (the guys upstairs playing beer pong went gangsta out front).(-1) You cant drink and be on the dance floor at the same time, because it's 18+ on the dance floor, and the bar area is way too far away to enjoy a show with your drink.(-1) Dingy (as in dirty, unclean).(-1) BYOPS (Bring your own parking space); It's a really tiny parking lot for a ginormous venue.----------------------------------The only reason it deserves 1 star:(+6)  FML will be there once a month on Fridays; so it will be the ONLY chance to see good electronic dance music in Tempe. If we can get 100 people to show up, we can pre-party with good drinks at home and then enjoy the space for FML dance purposes only.Otherwise (at all other times in Tempe dance venues), expect top 40 B.S. with beats and lyrics that struggle to match a toddler's sophistication.
2	Looks and smells like DOS still but ALOT HAS CHANGEDKinda dirty, like they might have a cleaning crew, once a week at most. Their bartenders seem to know their drinks, but also know how to pour short.. if you normally drink 4 cocktails, plan on it being 8 to get the same outcome..or just drink beerOh on thursdays its .50cents to drink... but sometimes its worth the extra 4 bucks for a cocktail to not be around the guys who cracked open their piggy banks to come out
1	You ever heard of hole in the wall? Well this place surpasses that and then some. If a buddy of mine wasn't performing here then I'm sure i would never step foot in this place. The bathroom are disgusting. I don't think they've been clean since New Year's Eve 1999. (That would be last century for some people who might've not gotten the joke.) I'm going to the nearest urgent care after i leave here to get a tetanus shot.
1	Overall I had a pretty poor experience with this venue. The staff seemed to cater to the "regulars" which seemed to just be the friends of who was working there. I found myself waiting for extended periods of time for service. When I was finally able to receive service the staff was very brief and more concerned with what their friends were up to. I would not recommend this place. I was able to get a cheap Corona this Thursday night but I had to deal with an incredibly uncomfortable atmosphere. I would say it's a much better idea to take your money to Four Peaks or one of the better reviewed bars off Mill Ave.
2	Went to see friend's band on a Friday night, and place was completely empty besides those who were there to support the 3 bands. Much different place than when Dos was here.
5	I really wasn't sure what to expect from this place. I was coming up from Tucson with a few friends to see the first Folk Metal show that has come anywhere near Arizona in our lifetimes.  This place has a lot going for it, but its location is not exactly one of them. Its a little off the beaten path being basically between a neighborhood and some train tracks. It doesnt really affect the bar/venue at all, but I do feel kinda bad for whoever lives in those apartments right next door.I really like the setup of this place. It has a mostly outdoor bar area themed like a mexican cantina which offers all the standard bar drinks and has a small menu of bar food. But this is not just regular bar food. This was amazingly delicious bar food served in large enough amounts to share. Personally, I have to recommend the mac and cheese bites. They come with some sort of chipotle dip that just sends them right over the top. The venue was good and had good quality sound. Its not huge, and the stage could definitely be a bit larger, but it all kinda fits the size of the whole place. Plus it makes things a bit more personal. Many bands came into the bar and venue after their sets and hung out with everyone which made for a really great experience. All in all, I would definitely go back here for a show or just a random drink and grub sesh. I had a lot of fun and went home highly satisfied.
1	I went to see GlassJaw there last night. It was the worst experience I have ever had at a bar. It was hot. They had fans but none of them were running. The misters were on but were not functioning well. The bartenders were slow and took a long time to acknowledge everyone. The security guys were very aggressive. The reason I went there was to see the concert and since it was a bar I assumed I could drink while watching the concert. Nope... They do not allow you to drink in the room where the concert is. So I go to buy some water. They only accept cash at the nearest bar. I didn't have cash so I made my way through the crowd to the other bar. They are out of water bottles. I finally make it to the other bar where there is a $10 min purchase so I had to buy 5 bottles of water. So frustrating!!! The concert tickets were way over priced. I don't care who plays there in the future. I will never go to this place again.
