4	Pretty awesome selection of moules and frites for about $14 (CA).  My husband and I love mussels and we ordered the tomato, basil, and garlic flavored and the beer, bacon, and white wine flavored.  We devoured our entire meal and each had the blond Molson beer which paired nicely with our meal.  I'm not sure about Steeven L.'s review but I don't know of any other place that has 10 different flavors of moules for you to choose from.We were seated promptly when we entered the restaurant and there was a choice of outdoor or indoor dining.  Service was great and the wait staff came to check on us quite frequently.We enjoyed our meal here and would come back again.
2	I stayed at the hotel near Caffe & Cucina, and it seemed like a clean, homey place.  It has a euro cafe feel with the modern interior and tables outside (on a main street mind you).  They also have a fireplace in the back to make it cozy.The first time I went, it was pretty good.  I ordered a Caesar salad and pizza.  The salad was absolutely drenched in dressing (which was bland and off-tasting at the same time).  The pizza was pretty good, although for a $14 personal size pizza, the toppings were quite skimpy.  However, it was pretty tasty and cheesy.  The crust was thick and crusty...I happen to like that.  The portions were pretty large, and I had enough for a second meal.I liked it enough that I went a second time.  I figured since it was my last day there, I'd stick with what I knew.  I got there around 11 AM, and I ordered the pizza with pepperoni instead of sausage this time.  This time, they were totally unprepared for lunch.  My table was dirty, and they actually served toast instead of dinner bread.  The pizza took 30 minutes, and the pepperoni and crust were still undercooked.  I only ate maybe 2 slices and left the rest.  I was so disappointed.It seems like a convenient, OK place for locals to grab a quick lunch, but that's all of the potential I see for this place.  They are spotty with the food quality and service.  I wouldn't go back.
4	I've been twice for lunch recently and ate pizza and it was good, the service excellent. There are much worst place to eat in Montreal and I can't understand the other raters comments... Anyway, who'd have mussels in an Italian restaurant? Go to L'Actuel or La Moulerie!
1	Waffle was dry and out of ready mix box. Asked for orange juice and got pineapple-orange juice mix. The salmon omelette was terrible , no effort to make it taste or look special. It is such a downer to go there , no energy whatsoever
4	I've visited this restaurant on several occasions this year for lunch, dessert and dinner, and I've been satisfied every time. I'm not sure if they've changed management or cooks since the bad reviews were written, but the food tasted good and in normal portions. However the slightly high price remains on some items compared to other close-by alternatives. What I enjoy the most about this place is the ambiance, both indoors and on the terrace. The manager is very friendly, completely bilingual, and will accommodate dish changes, make recommendations, and check on your table often. Even though it's on a main intersection, once you step inside it's quiet and you can easily talk and enjoy your meal. One time I went with a large group and the staff was very friendly and attentive, speaking French, English and even a little Spanish.One negative that has happened on two visits is that the waitresses forget your drink order. You have to remind them or ask them to cancel it so it doesn't come in the bill.Overall it's a place I would recommend and go back to often, and my friends seem to agree.
3	First time here. Coworkers and I are staying in the Hilton Garden Inn right next door, and we wanted some crepes. After learning that Crepes 2 Go was closed for the day, we went ahead and opted for Caffe & Cucina. It's a nice place, and we were greeted promptly right when we step foot inside. Since we just wanted to-go, we reviewed the menu near the front. Looking around, Caffe & Cucina offers a wide variety of food options, ranging from pizzas to pasta, mussells as mentioned in other reviews. There are also varieties of desserts, such as cakes and gelato. They provided a breakfast menu as well, even when we went in the evening around 6:30pm. There is where we saw omelettes, crepes, and waffles. I chose the strawberry, banana, and custard crepes, while my coworker selected the banana and chocolate crepe. I also got a chocolate mocha coffee, while my coworker chose a salad to go along with her crepes. We waited outside in the cool evening on their outdoor patio. Customers are offered a choice of sitting inside or outside, both of which are pretty nice.The crepe was pretty good. Banana was tasty, strawberry was great, the custard was interesting, but overall I enjoyed it. Coffee wasn't too bad either. Overall, I think this place is not too bad for a quick bite. My crepe was 9.95, which is one of two highest priced crepes out of all crepes on the menu. the cheapest was 5.95 I believe for a plain one (or could be just 5.00). For the two of us, our total came out to be 33.00, just to give readers a range of prices. While looking at the menu, I did note that other dinner items were 16.00 to 17.00. Overall, not too bad for a quick bite, but I wouldn't suggest it for a nice fancy meal. Could be relaxing to just eat something and sit outside.
2	My family and I are staying at the Hilton next door, so when we yelped this place and saw the great reviews, we thought we hit the jackpot. This was far from that. We had breakfast yesterday, and the food was mediocre at best. The service was completely horrible. We waited about 8 minutes before someone even talked to us to take our order. While we waited, we looked around and the food didn't even look fresh in the display cases. The gelato had a cold glaze on top, with chunks of different flavors mixed on top of each flavor. There were cookies in a plastic case that had the label obviously ripped off. Anyway, we ordered veggie omelets that were brown and over-cooked. They only had mozzarella cheese, which was a glob. The crepe was gross. It was filled with Nutella and huge chunks of cold fruit. The crepe itself was thick and chewy and cold. Not at all what I wanted or expected. The home fries were pretty good. So we all ate those.I just went back there because I had a serious craving. Again, we were greeted by rudeness. We asked to sample some of their   gelato, and we were told "Buy it, and if you like it, good. If not... (shrug)."Well, we didn't buy, and if you're looking for good service, you won't either. I wish we had a better experience. The other places in the area were wonderful.
5	Great pesto chicken sandwich and the white chocolate brownie explosion cake was one of the best cakes I have ever had!  I would highly recommend this, especially for dessert!
1	My family and I are vacationing in Montreal, and we stopped by this place to get ice cream and coffee. First, we asked for samples of the ice cream, and the employee said she didn't have anymore of those small ice cream spoons. So we just ordered the traditional flavors of vanilla and chocolate. Then she gave us those small ice cream spoons, which she initially claimed were all gone. So after paying for our ice cream and coffees, we decide to sit at the patio. As we're eating I went back inside to ask for napkins, because we didn't have any (sounds logical), but she's starting to build up a slight attitude as if I'm asking for too much. But I just go back to the patio with the napkins. Then I decide to share some ice cream so I go back inside and ask for extra spoons. That's when she gives me a sigh without even trying to disguise it! So right then I decided I have to write a negative review of the place. Most horrible service I've received so far in Canada. Stay away and spend your American dollars at a more welcoming place. (You won't be missing out really because the taste is just ordinary).
2	This restaurant is next to the hotel where I was staying.  Even though the Yelp reviews were mostly unfavorable, I went against my fellow yelpers and ordered what I thought would be a safe/no brainer dish - Veggie Spaghetti. Dang..... I don't know what the heck went wrong but it had a horrible "off" taste and I couldn't eat it.  If I hadn't already changed into my comfy clothes kicked back ready to eat, chill and watch tv, I would have taken back the Spaghetti in it's entirety. Dang, it was BAD !  The salad was good, so that was my dinner.  I would NOT go back here.   Minus Stars for the Veggie Spaghetti, 2 starts for the Salad.
