5	Try the coffee machine downstairs and spend some time in the greenhouse.
5	My family and I are big readers, and we love LOVE libraries. While traveling to Montreal to visit family, we visited this library, where I've gone to occasionally as a child (50 years ago). And it's still as fabulous and magical as ever!We've already visited three times this past week, as the kids have borrowed, read, and returned quite a few books already. There's a wonderful kids' and young adult section downstairs, and my teens like the reading niches by the windows. There's a decent DVD section as well, and I glanced at some newly released movies there. (If I lived here, I'd be at this library ALL the time). Mom got some new released books here, too.The staff have been very friendly and helpful to me and my kids in helping orient ourself to the various sections and where to locate certain books. I love how this building is old and graceful and full of old-school charm and character. Granted, I adore contemporary architecture and the newer, modern libraries of the day (I'm a big fan of our uber-cool Seattle library downtown in Seattle). But there's something to be said for the quiet tranquility and elegance of the old, substantial stone buildings with well-worn wood floors and doors. It all feels.....substantial. Which is how, I think, a library should feel.The attached greenhouse is gorgeous and free to visit and much larger to walk through than it may appear from the outside, with rooms opening up on other rooms. In many there are fountains, or chairs and tables in the corners. This would be a fabulous place to read or meet up with a friend and chat. One could stay here for hours. I bet it'd be cozy on a cold, wintry day.....The library is abutted by the Westmount Park, presently under construction on its southern side, but still beautiful and calm on the northern half. The park affords other lovely areas to read on a nice day, with benches located beside a small man-made "creek", orby the larger fountain nearer Sherbrooke, on near the playground where one's kids can play. I noticed some lovely Westmount Library tote bags for sale, too, and I think I'll get some before I leave town. All in all, this is a fantastic, old library, with a lot of character, in a fabulous location.
5	An incredible heritage building that feels dripping with scholarly ghosts and Victorian English uppercrusts. This impressive red stone building with it's large windows was founded in 1897 and is committed to providing a free space and access to books to the local community. It sits, stern but welcoming in its dry way, on Sherbrooke next to the lovely Westmount park, near the little pond full of skateboarders when empty of water, across the street from the Westmount YMCA, just down the block from that one little stretch of shopping and food and drinks before you hit NDG. The religious studies collection here is quite good, and in general the history and literature collections have all been lovingly developed and maintained. There is a super sweet children's section on the lower level, and as many before me have mentionned: the greenhouse puts this library over the top into the lands of magical and 5 stars.
