5	Gorgeous interior, wonderful management, and sharp landscaping. Everyone is so friendly here. The views of the legacy golf coarse, the strip, and the mountains are breath-taking.
4	Camden fairways are beautiful apartments inside and out. The inside is updated and spacious and the outside is always cleaned. The prices are very worth what you get. The office staff are wonderful, always very friendly and helpful. As well as the maintainence staff. And best of all,when you put in a work order it is done quickly, ive never waited for more than a day.   The reason for the loss of one star is because-#1- being on the first floor sucks, you can hear everything upstairs and walking around sounds like a stampede!! We had loud neighbors a few months ago and now some kids are above. No need to alarm clock now. Get 2nd floor. Or ask about who lives upstairs.  #2- the people who clean the grounds are very rude. I've had to wash my car about 4 times now because they have no problem brushing all the crap onto my car. Once I left my window down and that crap got in my car. Also I've had them blow stuff up to my doorstep, and leave it! All this grass, twigs, trash and butts. Are you serious? Ballsy!   Other than that. Great place!
4	Landscaping is being dug up and replaced with ugly gravel and desert pland. It was 5 stars before.
1	When I signed my lease they told me they recommend having the apt. sprayed for pests EVERY MONTH. The manger admits they have a roach problem and the pest control man told me as soon as it warms up the "water bugs" meaning big roaches will show up. There is a pigeon infestation that is so bad when the wind comes up, there are feathers flying all over outside - it looks like you are inside a room full of birds. They poop on my stairs, entry way, live on my roof, near my air conditioning unit, feathers come in from the dryer vent. The pigeons sit in the dumpsters so when you put a bag of garbage in the dumpster, they fly up and get agressive and dustr and mites go all over the place. I get bit from bird mites when I go to get my mail. Have to wear long pants, socks and shoes to not get bit. My kitchen sink drains out in front of my apartment out into the parking area so there is always a stream of water there. I can see soap suds under the front of my building. Kitchen is a mess. Dishwasher opens across the two sinks, try putting dishes in when you have to move away from the sink, the refig is old and lopsided so the door won't stay open. Cupbards are so small I have to turn my dishes sideways to get them in. No linen closet, stacked washer & dryer with NO place to put laundry stuff. I contacted the manger because I have a bug infestation, which I showed the bugs to the police and they told me to contact the management and have pest control come out and find out what they are. Manager will not respond, I made second request in person in the office, still no response, now the management doesn't speak to me. My guess is several people got bird mites from the pigeon infestation so they are ignoring finding out if the bugs are bird mites. I lost my clothing and belongings due to it, am moving in 11 more days. Yes the view of the golf course is pretty, but the old men in the golf carts go right up to your bedroom and livingroom windows. You have NO privacy at all.I can hear my neighbors do laundry, shower. I fell sorry for the lady below me because I have to do so much laundry due to the bug infestation.
5	Granted, I lived there about 6 years ago, but I wasn't aware of yelp at that time, so my review is a little late, but I really enjoyed living there, the apartment was spacious, and for what I was paying, it was much nicer than some of my friends apartments that were in the same price range if not more.  The staff was extremely nice and when the financing fell through when we were purchasing our house, they gave us an "emergency extension" on your lease so we wouldn't be homeless for a month while trying to get financed through someone else for the house.  I have and would continue to recommend Camden Fairways to anyone looking for a nice apartment to live in.
