3	We stopped by K Karaoke after dining and hanging out at Med. I think it was about 1am when we got here. K karaoke is located at the upstairs of a bar/lounge on Crescent. It's a small establishment that does not have a centralized karaoke area or bar, rather, there are rooms partitioned by thick enough walls so you don't hear the horribly off-key singing next door, or better yet, so they cant hear YOUR horribly off-key singing.The individual rooms are small, with two couches and a large tv and a coffee table in between. You can probably squeeze in 8 people comfortably. Their song listing is HUGE. It covers all genres, from old to current. I guarantee there are at least a handful of songs in there that you can sing decently. They offer drinks and appetizers.  We were served soju with peaches and potstickers. Careful with those potstickers, they're piping hot inside. Really fun karaoke experience.
5	The previous review does a great job describing K Karaoke, but I think this place deserves a higher rating. As someone who doesn't know Chinese or Korean, I really appreciated the English song selection that K Karaoke had. They had a lot of modern songs in addition to the English songs that most other karaoke places have already.  The most modern songs were printed on separate sheets so they would be easier to find. The price was also reasonable: $10/person for six hours, or if you want to pay by the hour the prices were $20/hr, $30/hr, and $40/hr for a small, medium, or large room, respectively. We had a group of 10 people and we decided to take the large room, but I think you could probably fit 3 more people in there without anyone feeling cramped.Anyway, I had a lot of fun here and I'm looking forward to the next time my friends want to come here. I think this is the best karaoke place in Montreal that I've found so far!
4	Took a bunch of skeptical Frenchies here for their first time karaoke -Asian style!The owner let us go into the larger room which gave us more room to dance. They had great selection, but lacked some of the newer songs and my favorite No Doubt songs. but they did have Baby Got Back and most places dont have it.  It's not like Japan or Korea where you can select songs electronically, but we are all used to punching in numbers.Soju and beer were flowin' and 3 hours of our rock show cost us only $25 pp. We all had a blast, and we now have some converts!
