4	Probably one of the best tasting Chines places in the West Island. Have been going here for over a year and it is pretty consistent. Food is good, large portions and value for your money. If you can't make it to the hood (Cote-de-Neiges) then this is a pretty good second choice. Try it and you will not be disappointed.
3	Went on a Thursday evening with family for dinner.  Ordered General Tso Chicken, Shrimp Pad Thai, dumplings in Peanut Sauce and steamed rice.  This is a casual local establishment.  I found the quality of the food to be high but there was nothing special about any of the dishes.  Nothing really popped.  Prices are reasonable and service was good.
2	After screwing up 2 different home cooked dinners, my gf and I decided we'd run here for take-out soup. Pros- The staff was friendly- The place looked clean- The portions are very generous- The food is well packed and secureCons- My BBQ duck tasted like nothing- My gf barely got any veggies in her veggie soup. She basically had a big bowl of broth with some cabbage and udon noodlesI heard good things about their general tao chicken, so I'll gladly give them another shot. However, when it comes to satisfying a soup craving, I'll be looking elsewhere.
4	Very good food. Casual place to go and great prices for what u get. Beer had a bad meal and I am a regular. I recommend  it
3	I was looking for good general tao and as per google this was the place so I decided to give it a try.The place was clean and the staff very friendly. The menu is huge so took a while to check everything out. We took one general tao combo, one szechuan shrimp and tried some dim sum. The general tao was good but not the best I had for sure but the szechuan shrimp was awful. The plate was covered in sauce and the shrimp were so blend no taste at all.The combo came with a wonton soup and it was ok but again the broth needed a little more seasoning.The dim sum took about 20 min to come and they were ok but a strong taste of citronella kind of ruined it for me.The size of the plates was decent and the prices were actually really good.I might give it another try but will see
