4	Vegas is the land of the strip mall.  Seriously, outside of downtown, they're everywhere, and wedged in between all the nail salons and paycheck-advance stores, you can find some pretty good restaurants, if you don't mind the less-than-breathtaking surroundings.Gandhi is a solid, reliable Indian restaurant that we've been going to for years.  The building is mysteriously huge, with super-high ceilings and a dining area that goes on for miles, but it does fill up at peak times on the weekends.  The decor is nothing fancy - bare white walls livened up with some wall hangings or framed pictures - but you're not there for the ambience, you're there for tons of spicy food.When you sit down, they'll plop some pappadom down in front of you (those crunchy cracker-like flatbreads), plus a mint-cilantro sauce and a sweet-and-sour sauce.  I love this stuff, but be judicious in your use of the spicy sauce, because water service can be a bit slow here.Everything here is good, especially the garlic naan.  The tandoori chicken is yummy, as is the rogan josh, palak paneer, and tikka masala.  Entrees range from $10--12, although they also have special tasting menus (including salad, rice, and dessert) that range from $15--22.  They have a lunch buffet on weekdays that's also an excellent value.  And there's a pretty good selection of beer and wine, including a few Indian beers, to go with your meal.Nothing fancy decor- or ambience-wise, Gandhi nevertheless delivers good and reasonably priced Indian food in a quiet and pleasant setting.  If Vegas isn't already hot enough for you, spice it up with a trip to Gandhi.  And get the garlic naan!
2	Desperate for some Indian food, we were referred to Gandhi's India's Cuisine.  We arrived at 3:30 pm, only to discover they don't open for dinner on a Saturday until 5 pm.  As we debated whether it was worth waiting for, a couple of guys pulled up next to us and RAVED about place...saying "It's REALLY good...It's HELLA good..."  So, hearing this, we had to come back at 5 pm and so we did...what a mistake!As we piled in at 5:30 pm, we looked around at the customers already seated. Lots of Indians were already dining and we took this as a good sign...and then we saw the buffet table set up.  Hmmm...we were hoping for an a la carte menu.  Unfortunately, they only had the buffet option available and so we were stuck with that.  We ordered Mango Lassi to drink and that was a highlight.  Then we all loaded up for the buffet line.  Gandhi's offers a mix of North and South Indian cuisines and I was disappointed with pretty much everything available.  I usually want Indian food when I desire lots of rich spices and tastes going on, and all th dishes simmering away lacked any full or individual flavors.  There was no spice, no heat, nothing that stood out! Blah!  They offered mint-cilantro sauce, but no pappadoms!  Argh.  I love pappadoms and they didn't have any!  I was already disappointed!  I love naan bread in general, but usually try the garlic or onion kinds, or whatever else is offered.  Not at this place, they just had plain naan bread that lacked any real flavor.  Everything had potatoes in it, too much potatoes if any.One of my dining companions felt that she didn't eat her money's worth and went back for dessert - the mango/condensed milk dessert with fruit cocktail.  We all agreed that was the only thing worth eating there.  How sad is that?!Sure...I ate...I was hungry.  It wasn't particularly good Indian food.  It was just that...food, and nothing else.This restaurant was noted as award winning and "Best Ethnic Restaurant in Las Vegas" at one point.  I would assume they were a pretty decent Indian restaurant some time ago, but no longer.  I guess it's a sign when an Indian restaurant starts out with an a la carte menu, then ditches it completely to go for the buffet thing, it means hard times.  They are strapped and desperate for business.  Too bad I won't be that desperate enough to come here again unless I'm dragged.  Yeah, for the price of less than $17/pp, you get more bang for your buck this way, but that's not why I came to Gandhi's to eat.
1	i can't believe this place had a banner outside calling it the "best ethnic restaurant of las vegas."  i don't remember what year or what company judged this place, obviously the judges might have ate at this establishment years ago, or the judges had been starving...for days, so that anything tastes delicious.  prior to eating here, my party was suggested by other frequent patrons that this place was "hella good!"i was very disappointed because as i walked in I noticed the buffet line.  we were told that a la carte items were not offered, so that means the buffet food has been sitting out or possibly left overs from yesterday!  the tandoori chicken was so dry and unflavorful.  the lamb was full of flavor from all the spices but was just too tough.  a lot of the vegatable dishes had more cauliflower than expected (filler???)....so a lot of farting.  ooh, and that shredded carrot dessert...yech.  the only yummy thing was the tangy mango lassi.  im not sure if one of the dishes i had was palak paneer.  if it was, it didnt taste like what ive had before.   the decor of this place was so dated.  it was white walled with a high ceiling with a huge rug above you.  it was also very chilly inside.  the buffet line took away the appeal and decor of the place.  im assuming they went buffet style b/c of the lack of business.  it is a hard find with morton's and buca di beppo right smack in front of you.   i really do love indian food can somebody please help out here...is there a fantastic indian restaurant in las vegas?
4	Hmmm... I can't believe that other yelpers didn't like Gandhi, as I have had only excellent dining experiences there.  I've never tried the buffet, and have been wanting to... but maybe I won't now after what you guys said about it.  I'm also vegetarian, so if their meat is horrible, I have no idea about that.  I have had the Narvatan Korma twice (excellent) and the Aloo Palak (yum!  You can tell it's full of butter...but who cares it's so good).  The first 2 times I was there they brought pappadoms as an appetizer; I was a little disappointed when they didn't on my last visit.  Not usually crowded unless you're there at peak dinner time on weekends.  The room is kind of cavernous, I wouldn't want to sit right in the middle surrounded by tables of people.  Try to get one of the super comfy booths around the outside.   Waiters are nice and super cute!
3	Kinda marginal Indian food - why go here when you go down Paradise to Origin India which is GREAT. I went here a bunch of times before I found out about Origin for the lunch buffet and once for dinner. It's just basically a standard Indian place, but certainly nothing to write home about. Not bad, just not good. I'd keep looking.
3	I wasn't looking for Indian food, I was looking for CVS, so I could get some Excedrin for my headache.  But I turned into the wrong stripmall, and passed Gandhi.  No, not that Gandhi, he's dead.  Gandhi the restaurant.What caught my attention were the people.  Dozens of Indian people headed into the restaurant.  Hmm.  "Best of Las Vegas" proclaimed the banner.  In this place?  What the heck, my last Vegas review was Fatburger, let's diversify a bit.The restaurant itself is well appointed, clean, comfy.  Check.Lots of people on the buffet line.  Is there a buffet tonight?  No, they said, that's just for the private party.  Which turned out to be a BUSLOAD of Indian people.  No matter.  I looked at the menu, and ordered one of their combo dishes, along with a large Flying Horse.Within minutes, complimentary papadum arrived, along with a tamarind sauce and a cilantro sauce.  To my surprise, the papadum were awesome.  Hot, crisp, tasty.  The sauces were excellent as well.The combo arrived and the food continued to impress.  I haven't had Indian food this tasty and authentic since I was back in NY.  One thing I disliked was the dish - a metal plate with compartments which reminded me of a TV dinner.  I would have preferred to see several small plates, but I guess that would be more work.The combo included a choice of dessert, and I passed up my usual kheer in favor of a pistachio kulfi ice cream recommended by my server.  It was AMAZING, except for the spoon (see below).Reading the other reviews, either they have improved dramatically, or perhaps I was the beneficiary of stumbling on this place on a night where they knew they had to have their A game on (or risk upsetting said busload of people).I would award 4 stars, except that my napkin was slightly dirty, and the spoon accompanying my dessert was clearly dirty as well (as in the dishwasher didn't do a good job).I left stuffed and content, aka, feeling very un-Gandhi-like.
3	This place isn't as good as Orgin India (just down the street) or  India Palace (also just down the street), but you can do a lot worse.We have dined here a few times (with our 1-year-old), and we had a great time.The food is good--not stellar--but good.  It has what I consider to be a run-of-the-mill Americanized Northern Indian menu.  Typical selection of Indian beers.  Staff was very friendly.  Food was great quality.  Everything we have ordered has been good.
3	The buffet is ok here.  I actually enjoyed dinner much more.  I got one of the tandoori sets which was pretty good.  I'd rather go to other places for an Indian lunch buffet.  But the atmosphere is kinda "eh" here compared to some of the other places around which is why this wouldn't be my first choice.
3	Average food. Good, traditional and ethnic atmosphere. Buffet items are often cold and limited. Service is rude, unless you are an ethnic Indian. They often take your food away while you are still eating and do not like to answer questions. I prefer Tamba restaurant myself, which I hear is managed by same individuals. However, they just started managing this place, so maybe there are good things to come...we shall see.
1	I've never had such a bad experience with Indian food.  The food was serve on a metal tray like the one in prisons, its terrible and it is rediculousy expensive for the qaulity and portion.  Unbelievable!!!  Spend your money elsewhere.
2	Again, uninspired Indian in Vegas.  The service was poor during the Sunday dinner rush, and the naan I ordered was burnt to the point that it was almost inedible.  The greasy pakora and dry curry were not helped by my continuously empty water glass.  Pass.
2	Everything about this place was just so-so including the service.   Nothing was really bad but nothing stands out.  Had decent lamb vindaloo (asked for extra spicy but not so spicy), chickent tikka masala, malai kofta and a couple different naans- which weren't that great.  Still looking for a good cheap-eats Indian in Vegas.  This place is a little pricey though not as ridiculously overpriced as Gaylords.If your craving decent Indian food and not afraid to spend a couple bucks then this place should fit the bill.
4	I ate here a long time ago when it was just a vegetarian place, but now I think they got new management, new interior design, and most importantly NEW CHEFS.I went for lunch buffet and dinner. The buffet was excellent, well flavored. The only flaw is you have to go up to the buffet to get naan.. so everyone was just waiting until they make some, then everyone rushes to it.Really good food, reasonably priced. But it's not as good as it gets. =) 4 stars.
4	I went here with a friend from Vegas on his reccomendation and at first was a little put off by the outside of the place as it didn't look so nice, but looks can be deceiving! The inside of Ghandi's is very nice, their service was prompt and their food was pretty good. Not the best indian I have ever had but definitely solid food. Next time I'm back in Vegas I would try soemthing different but I would not be afraid to return here.
3	Located in a weird angled funky strip I came here to satisfy my Indian Food binge.  This restaurant is large and looks as if it hosts banquets and members of the community.  I have only had Indian at one other restaurant. Gandhi  does offer a wide variety of dishes. There are over 10 vegetarian entrees.  There are some nans and  baked breads I have never seen before and I love the breads. My friend had Tandoori prawns which even in San Francisco I don't see at all.  There are a few dishes I will order next time just for the sheer fact I can't find these dishes at home.
1	Whoever gave this place more then one star has never eaten Indian food before! The food was very bland, and expensive, $30 for 2, including 2 soft drinks for a lunch buffet. Besides being very bland there was a serious issue of meat!!! There was almost none, just a little bit of chicken in their dishes, and the tandoori chicken left a lot to be disired. Thats it, no beef somosas or lamb or goat!  This was my second time here, the first was 10yrs ago, sadly the place hasn't improved...
3	Food: 3 Service: 3 Had the Gandhi Thali -- a sampler of vegetarian items. The malai kofta was tasty, but the mattar Paneer was blah and had only one small chunk of cheese. The samosa had a tender crust. For dinner, it would be better to go with a group so you can choose the things to share. Service was OK but unexceptional. I'd like to go back for lunch to try their buffet.
3	Having just got off the plane from LA and having not eaten for several hours, I was on the verge of passing out.  (Not really, but I was feeling pretty peckish.)Jeff and I were driving towards the hotel, when I spotted Gandhi out of the corner of my eye.  Knowing that he likes India, having lived there for over a year, I thought he might like to try.  I am always willing to try a new Indian place.  I got a combination plate that had chicken tikka, some marinated chicken, kafta chopped up and a grilled shrimp.  The plate also came with some lentils, rice, raita, lettuce,paneer in a curry sauce and a curry with shrimp in it.  Jeff got a vegetarian plate that had the same rice, raita and lentils, but he also got a cauliflower dish (I don't remember the name) and some other curried vegetable.  He ate it all, so I know he liked it, but I don't think he loved it.  I loved pretty much everything I got, except the lentils. They needed something.  Salt?  The paneer was delicious.  It reminded me of the fresh cheese my grandmother used to make.  The shrimp curry was delicious, just the right amount of heat to it.  The raita was tasty.  The rice was nothing special.I liked the naan.  I ate several pieces and I don't normally do that.  Jeff ordered a mango lassi.  He asked that they make it special with no milk, just yogurt.  They did that and he loved it.  He might have ordered another, if he weren't so full.  The service started off really well, but then it went downhill from there.  We got the food and then we never saw the waiters again. They were busy serving others.  So, we waited forever for the bill and a box to take home the leftovers.  The decor was kinda nice, kinda funky, kinda dark and kinda fashionable.  I liked certain parts of the restaurant, like the giant wooden Ganesh near the entrance.  The red on the walls was nice.  The paintings weren't anything special.  They turned up the lights for us, so we could read the menu. There were some special rooms that could be shut off with curtains.  I liked that touch. I would definitely go back.  I wonder what the buffet would have been like, since we were there for dinner.
2	The food was superb. The service? Well, it was clear our party was a burden to the server. We weren't told that we'd be charged extra for things like rice and bread, even though the server kept bringing us more. I'm not sure how much each side of rice was, but it was really expensive and they didn't bring us a complimentary portion for our entrees. The portions were tiny. Think Happy Meal tiny. This wouldn't be a problem if the prices weren't so high. All in all, I won't be back, but I'll be looking for another restaurant that has good food, good portions, good prices, and good service. 2 stars just for the food.
4	I've been a fan of this place for several years.  My trips to Las Vegas are not complete until I've visited the buffet.  The quality has been the same all the time, the taste has always been great, and the people there are very friendly.  I don't frequent an indian restaurant in Los Angeles as much as I have in Las Vegas.  Looking forward to more food next time I go.
3	Alright, this is another place that you have to know how to do right.  I have been here for lunch and dinner, and lunch is totally the way to go.  They have a really tasty Indian buffet with lots of options.  I am not sure which ones are gluten-free, so the next time I go back to Vegas, I'll have more to report.The service is alright.  I usually go thirsty for water.  Remember, your lassi is not included in the buffet price.  They do have large bus tours of people who come here en masse, so rub your rabbit's foot to make sure you don't show up at the same time.  Dinner is table service, which isn't the most awesome, and provides less value than the buffet.Great vegetarian selections.  (Again, will update this again with GF facts.)  The best value for Indian food in Vegas.
4	Gandhi features a very solid Indian lunch buffet that can sometimes miss the mark slightly depending on the particular variety they put out for the day and how well it matches your personal preferences.The location isn't the greatest, inside a rather nasty East Flamingo strip mall next to a cigar shop, but they do a good job of making you forget this once you enter the establishment.
3	A hole-in-the-wall place.  Indian owned.  I like how when you walk in you feel like you are in a real indian restaurant, complete with a Hindu Elephant God statue there.  There were lots of indian customers eating there.  Food is ok, ~$12 bucks lunch buffet.  Def get the 15% off coupon from hotel magazines.  I don't really know my indian food, so hard to judge it's authenticity.  Not the best I've had, but def edible.  Naan bread, salad, tandori chicken, & sauces were good.  Skip on the curry.
3	Lunch Buffet was very crowded on the weekend--long line, but water/drink service was still good.  A wide variety of food--nan was actually out in the buffet line which was nice to see done.  Only thing was the plastic utensils bothered me.  I could live with the plastic water cups but plastic forks and spoons seem like picnic items and eating tandori chicken with them proves difficult.  I was glad to see a well stocked buffet even with such a crowd!  Good food- but not the best to bring me back often-mango lassi was okay too.
4	After a week of all you can eat in Vegas, what do you do next? Have AYCE Indian food of course. Back in college, my buddies and I would always swing by Gandhi India Cuisine at the end of each visit to Vegas. Nothing cures a hang over like nice buttery, saucy, and oiling Indian food :). It really isn't that disgusting when eating it. Brian from Family Guy describes Indian food as...(Brian is so hungry he eats Stewie's diaper.) "Hey, at least its better than Indian food." That's exactly how I feel. Indian food quality is always hit or miss. If you cannot stomach "ethnic" foods, I don't recommend trying Indian food, but if you have a taste for adventure and have a strong stomach then try it. I love garlic Naan and curry chicken. There are a lot of other items and sauces that I'm not sure what they are, but they taste delicious. Be warned you will have a food coma after your Gandhi experience. The restaurant is family owned and servers make you feel at home. I went a few times with Indian friends to help explain what everything is to me. This place is hard to find. It is near Terrible casino and behind a Morton's Steakhouse restaurant I think...near a massage parlor just off the strip. I think the way I first discovered this place was through a coupon in a Las Vegas magazine. My friends were semi-serious about going. It was a very hot day and our car broke down right in the same plaza. Call it fate or luck. I don't believe in luck. In Vegas, its ALL SKILL.
1	They illegaly isolated us from the main dining room because of my service dog. They put us in a large empty banquet room that had the AC and music blasting at uncomfortable levels, both of which are triggers to my medical condition. When we asked why we were isolated from the other customers we were told it was an order from the boss. When I informed them that this was illegal as per ADA and state law they eventually moved us to the main dining room with the other customers, but were not apologetic about it. The prices were pretty high too. I would not go back here.
1	They illegaly isolated us from the main dining room because of my service dog. They put us in a large empty banquet room that had the AC and music blasting at uncomfortable levels, both of which are triggers to my medical condition. When we asked why we were isolated from the other customers we were told it was an order from the boss. When I informed them that this was illegal as per ADA and state law they eventually moved us to the main dining room with the other customers, but were not apologetic about it. The prices were pretty high too. I would not go back here.
4	My trip to Vegas is not complete without the fountains at the Bellagio, the lions at MGM and a few other places that I can't mention here. :-)But last but not the least is Gandhi India Cuisine's exquisite lunch buffet. I've been to Vegas (for various reasons :-)) 5-6 times and had lunch at this restaurant. Don't get me wrong, I am sure there are people who prefer the wide spread buffets at the casinos, but this one is no less. The food is well cooked and the arrangement is nice. The price is, if I still remember, $10...all you can eat. Isn't that sweet? Its about a mile or so from the strip in a strip mall. Enjoy!!!
3	There is a lot of Indian Cuisine competition but this place does have great service and great comfort food at a good price. I really enjoy the neighborhood competition, Mint Indian Bistro and Origin of India more though, but there is something about this place that continues to keep itself standing, despite this. I would definitely go here if I had more friends who like Indian food or ate out as much as I used to. This place is a lot older. But I live right up the street from this place and if I got tired of frequenting Mint Indian Bistro on Flamingo, I would go here to get a change of setting. I think it is a little more authentic than the Mint, but I am not a fan of authentic, I like a little bit of flare to my food that is catered to Americans. My friend likes this place more than Mint, so maybe they have some special dishes that stand out for vegetarians...Again, because it sits in a terrible neighborhood, the fact that it still survived the many years of recession probably says a lot about the authenticity of their dishes. I don't know a lot about their off the buffet menu entrees but I hear they are pretty good.The decor has antique wood and has a fine dining appeal with the table cloth and nice water glass. But, this seems to be  a common theme for all of the Indian Restaurants, they are very properly set.The Indian food buffet is a good deal, but if I had patience I would order off the menu because they will cook it to order and the food will taste fresh and more flavorful.
3	The restaurant is very simple and plain on the outside.  Once you enter, the decor is simple, yet nice.  The atmosphere and music is upbeat.  Service was good and the food here is good, but nothing compared to Baluchi's in New York.  I was there with a group and we ordered mango lassi, a variety of naan, chicken vindaloo, chicken tikka masala, chicken biryani, and more...  The place is worth a try if you are out in Vegas and are willing to explore outside of the strip.
3	Good atmosphere, once you get inside. Knowledgeable/helpful staff. Lamb was tough, but vegetarian picks were good.
3	Solid value in the all you can eat lunch buffet. Carb overload usually sets in 30 minutes later but worth it. The service is okay the decor works. They could turn down the music a little. It felt a little cluby during the day. They have a chutney with olives that I put on most everything. It's spicy and bitter at the same time but I like it. All of the dishes are prepared with quality in mind. This Yelper likes the $11 lunch!!
1	I am Indian so not to mention I know how to make Indian food. During recent trip to Vegas, I had Lunch Buffet for $11.99 at this restaurant. Food was so terrible in terms of spices that it broke all the records of high spices I had ever tasted in my life. If this is the quality of food served at Gandhi restaurant and people are revisiting this place that means either they have no clue of Indian recipe OR they really love very high spices.
4	I went to Gandhi's  while in Vegas with a friend of mine from high school back in July. If you don't know where this place is, chances are you probably won't find it as it is hidden within a strip mall and you would think it was closed down if you didn't know any better.We were seated immediately as it appeared that my friend knew everyone in the place. Everyone made sure to come over and say hello and to constantly check on us all evening. I actually felt like a celebrity with all the attention we were getting. Anyway enough about that, onto the food.We ordered the Paneer Pakora which was homemade deep fried cottage cheese, Gosht Vindaloo, and the Chicken Makhanwala along with tons of Nan. I was in Indian food heaven. The lamb was cooked to perfection and the Chicken had a nice blend of spices and the sauce was divine! I am sitting here licking my lips still remembering just how good it was. This place is a nice little hidden gem that you should really try if you are ever in Vegas. You do realize that it means you will have to explore outside of the strip so venture if you dare :)
4	Amazing food and beautiful decor. Really enjoyed my visit and will definitely go again!
4	This review is for the lunch buffet only.  I've never been dissappointed.  Well, that's not true.  I'm on the verge of tears when they run out of naan, which is a frequent occurrence for the lunch buffet.  But, it's one of my favored lunchtime stops.  Plenty of vegeterian options, and they have enough variety that it's rarely same combination of dishes.  They really won me over with their okra dish... Magnificient!  Muah!  That's what sticks out in my head the most, so I guess the rest is good but not necessarily spectactular.  It is in a somewhat seedy strip mall, but heck, some of Vegas' greats share that characteristic, Lotus of Siam anyone?  Interior decor I find quite pleasing.  The lunch buffet will run you around $12.50, so middle of the road pricewise, too.  I think this belong on your list if you're racking up your checklist of Vegas' Indian buffets.
1	I want to give minimum possible star! Horrible food, worst customer service. While eating the dinner buffet, I have been asked twice. I mean guy couldn't see me eating the food. Tiniest Bowl I have ever seen at this place. You can't even take out the curry with a spoon out of that bowls. Please  don't waste your money at this place.
1	Avg and expensive food . We went for dinner.. Aloo tiki was pieces of fried dough , green chutney felt like spolied cilantro smoothie, dal makhani  there was nothing makhani about it just dome boiled lentils , the nan with nuts was so sweet and had only coconut and no nutsIf u tell them what the problem in food they just completely ignore u rather than fix it. So don't go by menu descriptions they just do whatever is convenient to them and use left oversA big AVOID
1	Guys please AVOID this place at least for Buffet..!!!! I'm not allowed to give No rating else would have done that..we just came back from Vegas & I couldn't stop myself from writing review for this place. Being an Indian knows how Indian food taste, smell,looks like. Believe me it was nothing like that. The menu was OK nothing fancy for the price you pay. Here is list of items in Vegetarian sect:Yellow daal Rajma (any damn indian can make that better than what they had)Shahi Panner (tasted just like Heinz ketchup)Aloo Baigan (Big chunk of uncook potatoes)Naan (It took forever to get them, we told them 5 times that there is no naan & how are we supposed to eat all above items)Rice (we didnt cared about that as we left within 10 mins of our so called lunch Bufftet)Onion Pakora (Cold Pakora, have you ever ate one)Idli - (Hard as stone,  they made it 2 days ago to serve it. )Sambhar (Sambhar was way tooo spicy & trust me when an Indian says too spicy it is...:)The service is really really really bad. They dont care that you want something or not. They were behaving as if they are doing big favor on us by attending us. ohhh guys cmon .!!!Its one of the Buffet you never want to waste your money. Believe me.!!
3	The scenery is pretty nice here. From the outside, you can't see much and the place looks secluded, but once you're inside, the place is actually pretty nicely decorated inside. Food here was decent. I still feel like India Palace had better food just because the food was hotter. Then again, that might just depends on when they run out of food and have to put new ones in. I would say Ghandhi has more selection on food. It was just a little disappointing since they didn't have that popular chicken dish I like. Service was fine.
4	Ohhh myyy agahhh. Ghandi has this lunch buffet that you cannot beat. Sometimes I daydream about the food the next day (that's not normal for me). Sometimes I will think about who would be willing to go with me for Sunday lunch. I can assure you that EVERY single person I have ever introduced to Indian food by taking them here has begged me to go back immediately. If you've never had indian food, its the perfect place to start because you can pick and choose. It's addicting and you can't really beat the price for a buffet of about $12 per person. The food is so flavorfuls and there is always a ton of variety to choose from. The outside is nothing to write home about, located in a sketchy parking lot area but inside its like a beautiful indian palace of deliciousness. The service is nice. Like the cashier makes jokes sometimes that I don't immediately understand, but then eventually I do.
3	My boss wanted to go here... so we had to...The decor is a bit dark but nice and clean.  I thought it was a bit pricey for the limited selection.  Food is flavorful though.  Already been back a few times.
4	wow. such an upgrade since i used to spend countless lunch buffets with coworkers, back in the day when i used to work in the howard hughs pkway offices... i took my wife there for lunch just last week.the GRUB:- chutneys and sauces galore- plenty of your veggie favorites: stewed chick peas, saag paneer (spinach with cheese), curry potatoes and peas, fried onion dumplings, and other dishes - all delicious- meat too - tandori grilled chicken, chicken tikka, butter chicken, etc.- got bread and carbs? basatmi rice, naan, rice cakes, spicy noodle dish, samosas... all good.- dessert: mango custard with fruit, fried brown sugar pastries in a sugary syrup sauce, and fresh fruit - yummy.- hot tea, coffee, mango lassi, sodas and juices available.the JOINT:- such a turn around from when i used to frequent years back... the white table clothes have been replaced by all wood tables covered by fancy black linens... the open balcony now houses private dining areas perfect for parties that want an intimate booth... even the buffet section is granite counter tops with built in buffets - fancy. much fancier than the old tables with the buffet heat trays...- indian decor - many intricate paintings and woodwork abound, including a huge wooden hand carved goddess at the entry... floor to ceiling curtains and fabrics of india surround you. very nice.- plenty of seating- clean and upscale (especially for a buffet)the SQUEEZE:- friendly and attentive service as always.- about $25 per person for lunch - a little pricey.- cash and card acceptedthe FINAL SAY:my wife and i enjoyed our lunch buffet, and it kept us full for most of the day... and for me, it was such a pleasant surprise to see that the owner has done so much to upgrade on such a great indain buffet restaurant.
5	I go for the buffet. I have no idea what I'm eating but it tastes great.The service is excellent!
5	yummy!!! we had dinner here and it was the best indian food i have ever had. can't to try their lunch buffet the next time we are in vegas!!everything is ala carte so it can get pricey but well worth it!!
4	Great food , avg. price. Spicy enough to stimulate your taste buds. Good service. Great  tomato soup , bhindi masala, chana masala , naan, jeera  rice , dal. Great interior. Location and view  from outside dose not reflect that this is located in Las Vegas.  Dull and dark from outside. Definitely will go again.
4	Woman cannot live from liquor alone so at some point I had to eat.  Being a pissed off hungry vegetarian in a city catered to meat eaters, I began to feel aggressive.  Then I drove down Paradise Road and saw a sign that read Gandhi.   I remembered the concept of ahimsa all of a sudden, took a deep breath, and figured that the food gods were on my side.I walked inside and saw meat on the plates of other patrons.  I was mildly annoyed since Gandhi was a vegetarian and I normally would have been a pain in the ass about it, but I was so desperate for food that I was willing to sacrifice my principles for the good of my stomach.I asked the server if there were a few vegetarian dishes present at the buffet, and he smiled and proceeded to show me the goods.  After correctly guessing that I am from California (a vegetarian twenty-something with a serious sense of entitlement, where else could I be from?) I proceeded to eat this excellent, varied, and overpriced lunch, surrounded by friendly staff who were attentive but not overbearing.  I had such a great meal that I made my friends go there with me again the next day.I highly recommend this place to vegetarian tourists.
4	Don't be deceived by the outside.  This restaurant is located at the end of a strip mall.  There's a simple neon sign outside and when you walk in it's a bit frightening for a moment.  Then you turn the corner and see a beautiful restaurant-- not what you'd expect.  The ceilings are high, the tables have high backs so you have a little more privacy, there are rooms that have curtains that can be drawn, and it's dimly lit.  The food is very good and the prices are reasonable and can't compare to anything on the strip.
4	This is based on my recent visit (end of Sept. 2011), food there was delicious. Specially Butter Chicken and Paneer Masala.... yum! Me and my wife were amazed on how good tasting both entrees were... for a buffet!
5	Great food and great service! I have only eaten the lunch buffet which is good. I really enjoy the variety of food and the must have Mango Lassi drinks... Yummy!
5	My wife and I have been coming to this restaraunt since 2009 for one very important reason.. they treat us like family.  We've experienced other Indian venues, but according to my taste buds, nothing compares.  The food is great if you are into strong herbs and spices.  I dont know what is in most dishes, but thats not important if the grub is smack good!  ...I know one of my faves is Chicken Masala. They have a selective buffet from 12pm - 2pm for $11.95 which is a great option for those who want to dib and dab here and there to see if this kind of cuisine is your thing.  The interior is exotic and the music is indian pop which all adds to the dining experience.  When you come in, ask for a server named  Megiddo, i swear he is Ghandi reincarnated!
2	My wife and I have tried only the lunch buffet, since they do not serve from the menu during lunch.Maybe I have been spoiled by the excellent Indian food in and around San Francisco, i.e. Pakwan, Shalimar, and others. At any rate the food at Ghandi is mediocre and overpriced: $11.99 for the lunch buffet, loaded with bland vegetarian dishes and a few chicken-scrap entrees.Oh, well, I may try another Indian restaurant in Las Vegas, though I may just wait until the next time I'm in San Francisco.
1	Despite being located in a seedy strip mall, a friend and I had previously tried this place for dinner, and it was decent, 3-star territory. However a recent visit to try their lunch buffet was a different story. The first thing that stuck out was the cheap plastic plates, disposable plastic eating utensils, and styrofoam/plastic cups for water and soups/sauces. I have been to many Indian lunch buffets, but this was the first time I've seen such cheap dining ware being used. While they had several vegetarian offerings, they only had a couple of mediocre meat dishes: chicken tikka masala and tandoori chicken. There was a huge tray of naan which looked overly doughy and dried out so I didn't even bother trying it. The subpar mango pudding was too watery and contained cheap canned fruit. The halwa dessert was extremely dry and just gross. My friend and I commented that the only thing at the buffet that they seemed to do pretty well was the basmati rice.When the bill came, I was in for another shock. $12.95 for an Indian lunch buffet?!? That has got to make this the priciest one in town since most are in the range of $9.99 to $10.99. Now if this buffet was one of the best, I probably wouldn't mind paying a premium price. Come to think of it, if they lowered the price to $8.95, it still wouldn't be worth it. There are just too many better places in town, i.e. Taj Palace or Mt Everest., to waste your appetite on this one.
2	Came across this place when I visited Las Vegas just before Christmas and wanted to find a place to have Indian food. Ordered a Chicken Biryani carryout order since dinner buffet was almost on the verge of completion.Let me explain here - I am a food lover and can instantly say by the look of Indian restaurants on what kind of food to expect. There are different versions of "authentic" indian cuisines floating around and I must say this is not one of them.Biryani was sweet (authentic biryani is NEVER sweet) with cashew and raisins.Good luck with this place.
4	From a shady looking, wrecked place from outside to a exquisite Ethnic Indian Loungish looking interiors this restaurant really did surprise me. We infact planned to turn around go elsewhere looking at it from outside, and we are glad not to have done that. The restaurant has a lotta potential to be turned into an Indian Nightclub/Lounge at night, thanks to their multiple rooms, multiple floors, Red interior decor and tall ceilings. We took the Lunch Buffet which I felt was kinda OK. The best part of all was the Tandoori Chicken. Delishhh...one of the best I've tried. The rest were passable. Their Mango Lassi was pretty good however. Overall I felt $12 aint a bad deal for a quick Indian Lunch quite close to the strip in a grand setting.
4	The food was TERRIFIC! Soooooo, good, I could eat their Nan for the rest of my life. I will definitely go back!The parking however, is sketchy and I  was quite concerned leaving my car outside.
2	The service was probably the worst I have ever had. My server never said a single word to my table the entire time we were there. We were never asked if we wanted anything to drink or anything, very very strange.I do not think the parking is sketchy, it is Vegas folks, it is a city, get over it. Decor/music was rather odd...I liked it personally, but was far from what I would consider "Indian."Buffet food was ok, but rather bland. All of the dishes tasted as if they had used the exact same recipe. The spice level was non-existent which is a deal breaker for me and Indian food.
5	Although the outside is not spectacular, I was impressed with their set up and buffet service. I was feeling the mood, the music, the food aroma, the curtains, etc. It was a nice place and our waiter was very attentive and funny. The food was delicious and I thoroughly enjoyed every dish. Mango Lassi was to die for. Overall, lunch buffet price is within inexpensive-affordable. I will be sure to make a trip here whenever I go to Vegas!!
3	Went for buffet lunch. The food is ok and reasonable. The variety is good (maybe a dish or two more for the vegetarians needed). Decor is ok. Adult price is 11.95 and Kids is 8.95. Great for out-of-towners who crave Indian food.
4	This was the best indian restaurant my parents liked. They r vegeterrian and were happy to see lot of veggi options ... Their food is like home and desserts (sevayian kheer) was awesome. I absolutely recommend brunch buffet. Good north-indian lunch and south indian breakfast. Overall a good place to have a brunch. +1 for Gandhi
5	I had to make myself stop eating because I was so full, but it was sooooo good.In Las Vegas for business, four of us went here for dinner after a long day.  I really wasn't in the mood for Indian food, but I was too tired to try to talk the other into going somewhere else.  I'm so glad I didn't protest.The restaurant looks like a nothing hole-in-the-wall in a strip center, but it's very nicely decorated on the inside.  A young-ish Sihk guy, who may have been an owner or manager (just got that impression), greeted us and took our orders.  He has super nice, and I got a kick out of how, when my boss was being a heinous jerk for no reason per usual, the guy would just look at me and laugh.  Awesome. :-)The buffet looked amazing so I opted for that.  I was planning on waiting until everyone else got their food to dig into the buffet, but as everyone else was ordering, our server tapped me on the shoulder and whispered, "Go get your food now.  Trust me, just go."  I was totally confused, but he seemed very polite and earnest about it, so I did.  Not two minutes later, an entire busload of Indians on a site-seeing tour came pouring in and lined up at the buffet.  So glad he told me to go!Almost the entire buffet was vegetarian (score!) and it was all good.  The mattar paneer was amazing.  I could have sat there and eaten that all night until I exploded.  I've never had Indian food that good before.I will be back next time I'm in Vegas!  If I have to leave my curry-fury boyfriend at the hotel and eat that mattar paneer by myself, I will have it again.  Thanks for the great, friendly service and the beyond delicious food!
4	Best food I've had in Vegas so far. My boyfriend and I loved everything we had. I'm a vegetarian he's not. Our service was a bit spotty; we had to wait a good 15 minutes for our bill, and I never got the dessert that came with my meal after ordering it. I would rate this 5/5 if our service had been better. We beat the dinner rush thankfully. When we walked in there were only ten other customers; when we walked out, that number had at least tripled. The ambiance was intimate and the restroom was one of the cleanest I've seen in this city.
4	My family went there and had a great time. The decor is very good looking. The service was slow they listen to everything you say. The best thing is that the waiters are very friendly and are very conversational. The food was OK the lamb vindulu is delicious and the Ice coffee was awesome. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.
1	Not a good service experience after the third time. They give preference to people who arrive after you and i would not reccomend going there. Terrible experience from the OWNER.
5	I have to take back my four stars review about this fine Indian cuisine, that make me every time happier. we recently went to the buffet on the labor day weekend and, it was amazing experience. The food selection was excellent and we had few items out of the regular menu. still love the service, also the place.
4	I like Gandhis, always have. Sure, the parking is sketchy, and I wouldn't live in the adjoining neighborhood if they paid me, and there's at least 1 guy that lives (or @ least weekends) by the dumpsters, but this restaurant is very very good with an awesome buffet, beautiful decor and quality service... and that's all I can ask of them to be.
5	Looking for good Indian restaurant in Las Vegas for years, we finally found "THE ONE". Everything about "Gandhi" is good (maybe location is a little farther than I would like).. Decor: rich dark colors, very spacious rooms.Food: EXCELLENT!Papadom (compliments of the chef). Light crispy, not overly spicy.For starters we ordered Paneer Pakora. Very good seasoned excellent appetizer.Mulligantawny soup. Be prepared to unusual preparation, not what  you would expect, but very good.Entries:Chicken Tikka Masala OMG!! Best Tikka Masala I ever hadFish Korma. This dish is not on a menu, but I asked if it would be possible to prepare it for us.That's another big STAR to Gandhi restaurant. Every our request was  accommodated. They try to make your dinner a real "experience". Which gives a great feeling of being taken care of.  Back to entries Eggplant Bharta. We asked to make it mild. Well.. you can not really make this dish mild it is meant to be spicy..But hey managed. Funny.. mild on a beginning it gives you a "kick"  a couple of sends later. We actually asked to make another one like it, so we can take it home!Naan. Excellent. Another item we ordered more for take out, we enjoyed later.Prices:Surprisingly inexpensive. The portions are quite big. We ordered Mango Lassie, which was twice the size of any lassie we had before, price however was $3.50? I almost was ready to say to our waiter that this is to cheap, and they should raise the price (but, of course I  did not say anything)Overall great restaurant. If you get a chance stop here and you won't regret it.
5	My fiance and I were on a mini-vaca for the weekend. We had just gotten out of a UNLV game and had no idea where to eat. We didn't want to go back on the busy strip and came across Gandhi. I love Indian food and haven't seemed to find any I like since leaving Sacramento for Arizona.      We were there for holiday and so the restaurant was strictly buffet, which the owner said is not usually the case. The assortment of foods was the best I've seen on any buffet. Plenty of options for meat eaters and vegetarians alike. Everyone was friendly, in fact in some cases they were a little too on top of their game. Perhaps checking in on us a little too much.      We knew from the moment we walked in a saw the place packed that we were at the right spot. I will be back there and only wished I lived closer.
1	After a long day of walking we decided to get some Indian food but was a huge let down. Located in a cheap strip mall, visit this place if you like to pay top dollars for bad quality food and below par customer service. The cheap plastic forks and spoons and the unfriendly behavior of the owner made our experience worse. This place is definitely not worth it's money.
3	Lunch buffet is perfect! I am all about Indian Buffets. The price here is good too. Went here for lunch with co-workers and had a great time. Plenty to choose from. The potatoes that have spinach in it is amazing. The naan is nothing to write home about, and some other just okay dishes . For sure try the butter chicken. Best of all it's not too heavy!
1	Worst Indian Food, I've eaten lot of buffets, I will rank this last.I only liked the navaratan curry and naan, everything else is horrible
4	I was on a vacation with my girl friend was craving for Indian food. Finally on the busy strip,I found Gandhi. Though I'm an Indian, its been long I had Indian food.   We were there for the buffet.The place was packed. There were lots variety of foods and  is one of the best buffets.Plenty of options for non-vegetarians and even for vegetarians like me.Navratna korma was awesome.  Crew was friendly and were prompt in serving.They made us feel like at home which justifies the crowd inside.It is definitely a good Indian restaurant.
1	This place has thali's with different names like Bengali Thali, South Indian Thali etc... thali with names from every part of India.. But each thali has more or less the same food Punjabi food. like chicken tikka nan and Dal. I had ordered south Indian thali and thought he had got the wrong order, when I told him about it, he told me I should have read the menu more carefully. He told me no matter what the name, it only has Punjabi food.. I felt cheated by them and left. they did charge me about $25 for that fake thali..
3	[Review is for the lunch buffet]Not the best buffet in Vegas and not the cheapest (running about $12.95), but you can expect some good spice from the buffet options.What sets Gandhi India Cuisine's buffet aside from other Indian buffets in Vegas is the surprising spice.  The general tendency in an Indian buffet is to keep it bland.  The buffet has to make a lot of different palates happy and the general tendency is to keep it bland to make the most folks happy.  But cheers to Gandhi for not skimping on the spice.  They usually have several vegetarian options in the buffet and a number of delicious chicken dishes.  There's some real hit and miss going on with the dishes.  I loved the paneer in spicy butter cream and the chicken tikka masala.  And thumbs up for the naan and the okra dish.  That said, many of the dishes simply fall flat.  Problem is, at $12.95, this is one of the more expensive non-strip buffets and it is simply just not spectactular.
5	Wow! Driving down flamingo and saw a couple of Indian food joints. Ghandi had an authentic feel.After going inside and seeing a buffet style set up, I was a little thrown off. After asking the lady, she explained you can either do the buffet or order off the menu. I decided to stay because there were so many people there.......the food was so good. So good that I went back for dinner the same night. For dinner I ordered off the menu (there is no buffet at night anyways.) and I cannot believe the results. The food off the menu was even better than the buffet (which was already some of the best Indian food I've had.) I will be eating here every chance I get every time i'm in vegas.Favs: Chicken Masala, Lentil Soup, Basmati Rice, Garlic Naan, the dessert @ Buffet  ;-) (make sure to combine them!)
5	Awesome customer service. We visit this place every time we are in vegas. But on Dec 24th they only had dinner buffet and when we told the manager (Laddi) we were leaving cause we couldn't order our favorite dish (malai paneer) he had the kitchen make it for us!! We felt so special and taken care of!! U guys gotta try this place! U wont be disappointed!!!
3	@ Lunch buffet. Food was OK.
1	Ridiculous. Utterly ridiculous. I just called and attempted to place an order by telephone. I was promptly asked to call back in 45 minutes! What kind of business asks a potential customer to call back??! I apologized for bothering them and informed them that I wouldn't be giving them my business. Sorry about it.
5	When we entered the restaurant, the buffet time was almost over. Erik kept the buffet on hold for us and even arranged for fresh and hot roti. Totally adds a star to our trip to Vegas.
1	Worst customer service. The dude doesn't even know where the guest are seated. Allotted our table twice to others while we are grabbing the food from buffet.
1	We've been going here for years and today was very likely the last time, sad to say. The parking lot was surprisingly empty and I guess we now know why. My wife normally loves the tandori chicken but today it was EXTREMELY dry and unedible. We told our waiter about it and he takes the piece of dry chicken from our table and takes it to the back kitchen and seemed to tell the cook that the chicken was bad. Well, no follow up, no apology and he seemed to laugh it off with the female waitress that seemed to be flipping the dry pieces, just picking at them. I've kind of noticed the food was getting lower in quality lately, but didn't say much since it was my wife's favorite Indian lunch buffet. Even the solidly prepared mango lassi was full of ice pieces, didn't taste good and didn't arrive to the table until my plate was nearly finished. I didn't even go for seconds, since there really wasn't anything worth going back for. We have other choices for Indian food and next time it won't be here. Maybe they changed owners?
5	I went for dinner and ordered the Tandoori chicken, it was very tender and flavorful. The atmosphere is also great. I am on atkins diet lately and I highly recommend their tandoori chicken (one order is more than enough for even two people)
5	I had a great experience when I ate here a few days ago. I started with the tandoori mix grill. This plate had a nice mix of chicken, lamb, and prawns. It all tasted great. For the main course we had the chicken tikka and the prawn curry. Both these dishes had just the right amount of spices and filled with taste.  If you have never tried Indian cuisine, make sure this is the 1st Indian restaurant you try. The food will not disappoint.
5	The buffet was amazing and the service was prompt.  Lamb curry was tender and delicious.  The samosa was the best I have ever had and the mango custard was a perfect finish.  I would highly recommend this restaurant.
5	Very clean and hygienic! Love the ambience and openness. Much better than overcrowded restaurants right on the strip. Service is awesome. Waiters are very kind, always available and seem to want you to ask them for things. Food is absolutely amazing. I've never had better Indian food in my life. Tastes very fresh. Chicken dishes are very juicy and succulent. Other Indian restaurants just don't match up to the quality of food.I would definitely recommend this place to everyone. My Vegas trip was complete after coming here.I'm definitely coming back!
5	One of my favorite Indian restaurants ever. The layout makes you feel at home and helps enjoy your experience. The staff is great and friendly. The food is outstanding. The lamb was cooked to perfection which is hard to find. The menu offers a lot of variety for both meat eaters and vegetarians. I will be coming back for sure.
5	I try to find an Indian restaurant in almost every city I visit because I love it so.  I've made three visits to Gandhi's while in Vegas and every time have had an excellent meal with great service.   I've even visited the lunch buffet.  Lunch buffets can be mediocre and are often bland, but not at Gandhi's.  good stuff.
4	Bacchanal buffet my ass! Gandhi buffet it is! The food tastes fresh, there is variety and its delicious!! What's not to like for a hungover group of 10 guys! I had a sampling of everything but stuck to my dal chaawal staple which was perfect for me. They have idli, sambhar and upma too for the average south Indian! When a buffet costs $14-15, you would think they would invest in cutlery. Nope. although the plates are ceramic(very light), the cups are 'take-out' material cups and the spoons look metallic but they are 'faux' metal spoons. The fork bent while cutting into my idli, haha. Come on guys, invest a bit more. Will be back.
3	Went there and the food was decent but the service was aweful. My girlfriend and I were the only ones in there and they took forever to come back to our table or even bring the check. We just wanted to leave
4	Good value for your buck. Very close to the strip.
5	The tomato soup was out of the world. The most delicious I ever had. Better than many restaurents in India !
1	My family and I used to go to this place all the time to get our Indian fix but ever since they got new management the food started tasting different and the overall quality went don't. Seriously they don't even give you real glasses or utensils to use. They also let go the best servers which really made the place so welcoming and "Homey"
4	Had this place last night and it was very good.  Ordered the tandoori mixed grill, chicken tikka masala, & paneer kadhai and all three dishes were hot and flavorful.  The service was a bit slow and since there were only few other tables being used thought it would've been better. Maybe they were a little short on staff since it was a Tuesday night.  Would've given 5 stars if the service more on the spot.
2	The food was OK at best. We want on Monday in the after-noon and it looks like they were serving food left over from the past weekend.
2	Why was I surprised, after all this place has many two star review. I guess because I've eaten here before and thought the food was pretty good. But there's more to a restaurant than the quality of the food. So briefly here's my prob with this place. First, they raise their prices when they feel it's appropriate - Christmas week. Yes, the week, not the day. How do you justify with no additional menu items? Next, Naan is part of the buffet and good but dry - most buffets serve fresh naan at the table. There was no patek paneer - I know, amazing huh? Finally, the plastic silverware was just too much. $15 buffet with plastic silverware!
4	So I gave this place another chance for dinner and lunch. It was pretty good still not a big fan of the obvious downgrade on the silverware department but the food was much better keep it up :)
4	Lots of tasty vegetarian dishes even though I'm a meat lover, I was quite surprised that the lunch buffet was more than enough. Spices were just right, flavorful and a plethora of dishes including dessert. I would have given it a 4-star but the location and atmosphere needs improvement. Be prepared to walk away satisfied and extremely full.
4	Love the ambience here! Food is just ok, we had buffet here. The food was not so fresh and hot. The owner was generous and nice man.
5	This place is awesome and so far the best indian restaurant in Las Vegas. Long weekends they always have Lunch and Dinner buffet which is fabulous and their food is awesome as well. Whenever we come to Vegas we just eat here. We are vegetarians and they always have lot of options for us compare to other restaurants.We love this place and recommend to all vegetarians indian food lovers :)
2	The service was very poor, the atmosphere very average. Food was good, even though we were not ask if we wanted our food mild so our food was hot flavored. Price was ok till u realize that all food is a la carte. I did not realize rice was extra with your curry, so be sure to get your side otherwise you will disappointed. Overall, I will not come here.
5	Fresh food, excellent taste and very nice new owner. I tried a few others and had to go back to Gandhi time and again. Buffet was excellent too and when ordered service was quick compared to their competitors.
3	I was a big fan and still am a fan of Gandhi. But there r a few major things I would like them to change. First, please do not let us use plastic silverware and plastic water cups. Secondly, if customers are in the restaurant, no matter if it is time to close, keep the environment cool. Don't switch off the a/c 30 mins before closing. It gets really hot on a summer afternoon. Unlike in the past, there r now many other comparable indian restaurants in Vegas. I recommend not giving your most faithful customers any reason to move to competitors.
4	I have to say that the good was decent. Now I am an Indian and I eat at Indian restaurants in NJ and India all the time. Service really need to be worked on or they will have a hard time. For an Indian restaurant in the US I was quite impressed that their plates and cups were clean. Restrooms, like all indian restaurants were dirty and overfilled with fabreez. While we were there paying the check they had a call from a customer complaining about an delivery and it was not handled professionally while there were many others listening to her on the phone. Small changes and they could be the best place to eat indian food in Vegas.
4	Good food. I was surprised to find that they charge $4 for rice though... On the side of curry? Doesn't that usually come with it? And, the waiter told me that I couldn't order one of the curries because I was not Indian. I think he meant it as a warning about the spice but never-the-less I thought it was funny and worth mentioning. FYI - the wifi password is "iloveganhdi"
5	This place is as good as the other Indian restaurants that I've been to in Las Vegas.The food is very good, the portions are still small, but if I go with someone else, I can usually finish their plates as well.One thing that stands out is the decor...It is beautiful.High ceilings, Indian nick-knacks hanging all over the place, linen table cloths, etc.The service is fast, and the prices are in-line with other Indian Restaurants in the area.I will go back if I'm ever on that side of town again.
5	Rrally awesome food. Malai paneer was excellent and butter naan was too good. Even lassi was great too.
5	Gandhi is awesome. Please don't take my word for it, go try their fish tikka and fish pakora and I bet you you'll fall in love with it. This comes from a foodie who loves authentic fish!
5	Visited this restaurant with my wife. Both of us liked a food a lot especially daal and potato beans. Highly recommended if you visit Las Vegas and also price is reasonable.
5	Delicious indian food you can find near the strip. Me and my husband simply love the buffet. I like having South Indian breakfast items with chicken curry .. So I took a serving of hot hot made upma with butter chicken curry  WOWW is the word !!! I was so so so happy with the food that ..I badly wanted to leave a great feedback on yelp.. Hence created my yelp account. Isn't it crazy.. Food @ Gandhi definitely has that impact.
5	Absolutely delicious and always fresh. I go here a couple times a week for lunch, since my office is just around the corner. Always friendly and attentive service.
5	Food tastes great, even better customer service and great atmosphere. They also have buffet and its great value for the price.
5	Awesome.  Great food & service. We'll be back very soon.  Tikka Masala is one of the best I've had.
3	I love their food but...service is sometimes lacking.  Went last week to the lunch buffet, as soon as we sat down they asked what type of naan we wanted and had it to us almost before we finished getting our first plate from the buffet line. They even made us a dish that wasn't on the buffet line.  Only issue I had was that we had to refill our own water.Went again today and I don't know what it was but maybe the boss wasn't around.  After sitting down with our first plate and finishing about half of it we finally had to ask if we were getting any naan and to do that we had to interrupt the waiters cell conversation.  When the naan came five minutes later it was somewhat burnt which I don't really care about but the person I was with didn't really care for.   We arrive well before the end of the lunch buffet but shortly after we sat down they started prepping the other tables for dinner, kind of made it feel like there was a rush for us to finish.  Again we had to get our own water refills.  To top it off, after we were most of the way done with our lunch we were told that they couldn't take cards today, cash only, I had to dig around to find enough to cover it, would have been nice if we were told that before we started.
3	food is authentic, but giving 3 stars for the pushy service. the owner/manager tried to sell hard liquor when we were not interested. Also, he was right next to us to get the check signed....seemed desperate to get a good tip. Tried their buffet as well, that was good & reasonable.Would avoid this place as there are multiple other indian restaurants in Vegas.
4	Tasty food and good ambience and welcoming host.Liked the veggie pakoras and baingan bharta
4	This place is solid! We usually come for the lunch buffet because it's close to UNLV, but have recently tried the dinner menu and it was very yummy with a lot of options. We've eaten here many times and always have received great service!
5	Awesome food best indian food in Vegas I m coming from last 15 years.. Same taste & good service very friendly. I will recommend Gandhi for indian food..,
5	Great Food and service, a resident of Las Vegas for 18 years and always extremely satisfied with the food and service.Thank you Gandhi for being  consistently great!! Anytime friends and family want Indian experience local and out of town I bring them to Gandhi
5	My regular hangout joint , nice / wonderful food , service & very personalized service . Delicious !!
5	I absolutely LOVE Ghandi! I have been going to this restaurant for the last 7 years for their lunch buffet. Every visit is always better than the last and the food tastes amazing.  I even met the owner today and he was a very nice and humble man. All in all, I love it.
4	One of my favorite places for Indian food. Their lunch buffet selection is good and all of their food is delicious! Staff is very friendly as well.
1	Worst place to eat for any South Indian. Very expensive buffet($15) for all tasteless food. No salt (or) spices in chicken dishes, but 1&1 only item we liked is chicken tandoori. Don't walk in and expect biriyani r any south indian style food. Bad ambiance and time in filling buffet items. Strongly recommend to stay away from this place if you like to have tasty & and good South Indian buffet.
4	Really great location. The tikka masala was creamy and hot and my husbands Bhuna was very flavorful. The onion bhaji was a bit over cooked. Overall the service was good and we were well looked after. The prices were much more reasonable than Mint just down the street.
1	Lunch Buffet is at the most average. Especially for vegetarians. When you don't have a vegetable pulav or biryani there isn't really much you can do to the buffet with not so great curries. There are no people to take out the remaining plates. This kind of takes the appetite away when the remaining plates are still on the table. The seating is also not so great with tables very close to each other. I was a regular here before but deeply disappointed with my recent visit. I would never go here again.
4	Came here twice in last 4 years. Made good Jain food for my parents and in laws when were in vegas on holiday.
1	Pathetic service , rude behavior , asking kid not to make a mess . I suggest everyone just ignore this and try a another one.
5	I love this place fast lunch buffet and amazing food with an even better price tag!!!!!! You can never go wrong here
4	Absolutely delicious. You won't be sorry if you go. But you will be sorry when your friends tell you how delicious it is and you don't go. Plus Crystal, one of the servers is amazing.
