4	This review is for the Cholla course.Oh how I would love to give this 5 stars.  The course certainly is deserving.  The layout is excellent with a nice variety of holes and there are no homes in sight which makes for some great views.  The conditions are excellent and the greens, which are the primary defense of the course, are firm, very fast, fun to read and putt, and not really tricked up at all.  Overall it plays very fairly, especially for a desert course in that while always lurking you have to miss pretty bad to find the desert (at least off the tee).  In fact, I found it to be a confidence-building round in that I knew I could swing freely off the tee and still be in play with a miss.  The clubhouse and golf shop are nice and the service is great.  And the price isn't too bad (we caught it just after the 4/28 rate change).  So why can't it be 5 stars?  Simple, carts on carts path only.  Now don't get me wrong here.  I understand the need for carts in the desert.  And I am not even suggesting that We Ko Pa allow carts on fairways (though most AZ courses I've played do and seem to suffer in no way from it).  My problem is that if you are going to limit me in that way then make it as easy as possible for me to get yardages.  That means GPS in the cart and anything but a rock that looks like any other rock in the desert as 100/150...yardage markers.  Seriously, what's with that?  Not only are they ridiculously hard to spot but they are movable.  Make those bad boys obvious and provide markers on the far side of the fairways too.I really enjoyed my round here and definitely anticipate returning to play this and the even higher ranked Saguaro course the next time I'm golfing in AZ.
4	Played here with my dad who's a local. He's played pretty much everywhere and he says that this is one of the best that he's played. I agree. We usually play Raven at Verrado and I love that course... but I think it's only better because it's in the middle of nowhere. No houses, no cars, no highways... nothing. With that said... it's in the opposite side of where my parents live so it's a pain in the arse to make my way out there. I feel like all dessert courses are similar so I probably won't make my way out there again especially since I have Raven. But regardless, all the accolades and attention this course is getting is legit. I'd give it 5 stars but I'm not a huge fan of dessert golf... I love trees and rough.
5	This course a dream for a real, I mean real golfer.  It's little ways out from central Scottsdale, but it's worth the drive.  The course is surrounded with native Arizona desert with no homes nearby.  I have played Troon North, Boulder, TPC, Kierland, Gray Hawk, and others, but my favorite is We-Po-Pa.
4	We ended up taking advantage of/creating a modified package with the Radisson and played both courses 2 days in a row (plus Superstition Mt. one day - it was a sweet trip) and for the most part this place was great.  It's amazing how green the desert can be when water is free.  While in some contexts that could be offensive, when it comes to paying decent money to play a golf course it's actually a nice thing.  For sure both courses are in excellent condition!These were my first rounds on Saguaro and while I am not a huge fan of Coore/Crenshaw designs this is great property that even allowed for short but challenging and fair par 4s in amongst a variety of other holes.  But for sure it pales in comparison to Cholla.  My favorite there is probably #17 but aside for #3 there aren't any even marginal holes.The restaurant is good - food is decent and service is accommodating.  The main problems came with the golf arrangements.  They screwed up the rotation of courses which made a difference because we the 2nd round was a scramble and ended up being on the same course both days.  That sucked.  And the ranger was brutal.  One day he tried to get us to skip a hole and come back after the round because the 2-some in front of our 4 blew away from us.  Somehow that the group behind us was almost a hole back didn't make a difference to him - we were behind pace by a couple of minutes.  We basically said no and sped it up for a hole.  The next day the guy was abrasive and even though the course was stacked up and we waited on every shot we received the standard 'it's slow but we can't do much' excuse.  That's annoying.All in all this is a very solid place and I will definitely return any time I can.
5	Bad ass, just like the name.  I've heard that this facility doesn't have any water restrictions so their course is lush & in tip top shape.  It's definitely a challenging course.  The staff is nice and the current off season rate is  $35 for residents!  You have to check it out, it's a great deal.
5	This is for Saguaro course. Golfweek says this is the #1 public course in Arizona so when i came down for Thanksgiving i had to check it out. We got there with plenty of time to warm up and hit some balls on the range. The range balls and the range itself was great. There are a few really long par 4's but they counter back with a few really short ones. There was a par 5 around 600yds. There was nothing to complain about. We where the 2nd group out and it was cart path only and we finished in 4 hours.
4	Played the Cholla course a couple months back, and IMHO thats a much more fun design, especially for a hacker like me. The staff was still the same - obnoxious, but this time I was mentally prepared. The greens were in super shape and the course was in great condition. I love their range, so much so that I went back and hot balls for almost an hour after my round. Not that I need to hit balls....LOLThis is for the Saguaro course - Super nice course but very expensive, hence the 4-star instead of 5-star.  The greens are fast but not crazy, the fairways and tee boxes are immaculate, and the practice facility is EXCELLENT. Paid almost $200 so what do you expect? The starter and marshal was an asshole, but aren't they all? He asked us to pick up the pace when we were literally half a shot behind and there was no one at least a couple of holes behind us - c'mon dude, get a life, or at the very least don't take this job THAT seriously.  Great course though and must play once.
4	Played the Saguaro course last week.  The course was in great shape and the weather was perfect!  The fairways are tight and if you're not hitting them straight, you'll lose a lot of golf balls.  There are no water hazards on the Saguaro course....one of the few courses I've played that doesn't have any.  Here are some pics from my day of golf:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kYlUfS1ncd64gWCWRmLG0w?select=GBqsZUSQa265-STAUxadpAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kYlUfS1ncd64gWCWRmLG0w?select=fz7kBUFJ7U5iz0fXnHWwWQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kYlUfS1ncd64gWCWRmLG0w?select=17hoOUnMwTdXhSZWMJgscQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kYlUfS1ncd64gWCWRmLG0w?select=aolhiqTWAHDPbCRyOgEwSAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kYlUfS1ncd64gWCWRmLG0w?select=HM36COq5094qMz38ZcPAmAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kYlUfS1ncd64gWCWRmLG0w?select=0Vzjj2NFA9B6ie_WriCJzQLiving up to it's name, there are a lot of Saguaro Cacti on the golf course.  Some of the larger ones near the tee boxes are full of stray golf balls that were shanked into the side of them.  Check out these bad boys, can you see all of the golf balls?  LOLhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kYlUfS1ncd64gWCWRmLG0w?select=hjui9nPfMFIQx6mdJ-SNNQOverall, it was a fun day.Return Factor - 90%
3	Played this course along with several others in the Phoenix area last week.  I agree with the other reviews that this is a beautiful course but also like others, I found the ranger to be rude.  Although we had no one behind us the whole round, he was on us 3 or 4 times to pick up the pace to make his "schedule" and even threatened for us to skip some holes.  In my opinion this ruins the whole round and I can't recommend this course.  There are so many other options available for you to take the risk that you will suffer the wrath of the ranger for no good reason and then ruin your round at this course!
5	Absolutely the best golf experience I've ever had (sorry Troon North). Played both courses and I prefer Saguaro. There's not much I really would need to say here. If you golf, you get it. Go here, you will not be disappointed.
5	I've lived in Scottsdale for over 20 years and have played every public course in the area and there are only a couple "go-to" courses that I recommend and We-Ko-Pa is one of them.  One of the best features of both courses is the fact that there are ZERO homes on the property.  It is just you and nature.  The two courses are distinctly different.  Cholla is the original course and more dramatic.  It is also a more true desert/target golf layout with elevated greens, lots of desert, some tight fairways, washes, etc.  The Saguaro has some great views and is more forgiving.  It was also designed to be walked (very few courses in AZ can say this).  Don't be fooled though, it still plays tough as there are a lot of bumps and humps that you need to work around.  AZ residents get a break on the pricing.  However, I consider the courses better than most of the more popular courses in the area that charge more.  Definitely put this on your MUST PLAY list.
5	We-Ko-Pa has been prominently listed as one of the places to play if you are in Arizona.  I first played it several years ago, and it has become one of my favorite desert courses in Arizona.   There are two courses - Cholla, and Saguaro, and although they are both desert courses, they are somewhat different. The cholla course is an older, more mature course and doesn't have the same feel as the Saguaro course.  The Saguaro course can be walked, but has a wild side to it and to me, seems to have more elevation changes. That said, both courses are immaculate, wonderful condition, and a joy to play.Over the years, I have played the Saguaro course more, but lately the Cholla course has grown on me.  Now when my golfing buddies come down, I always make it a point to play both courses with them.  This has led to some interesting memories.  The first time we played, despite my warnings, one of the players wandered off the Saguaro course and found a Jumping Cholla.  He liked it so much, he brought it back to us - stuck all down one side of his body.  It took us quite a while to get them off of him - and then he wanted us to give him extra strokes. Not a chance.Another time, one of my friends teed off on a par 3 on the Cholla course, and hit it into a dry creek bed. He seemed to lose his composure, and hit five provisionals, which also went into the desert. Then he found his first ball, and ended up with a par!!  Of course, we haven't let him forget the five provisionals...I have read some comments about the marshals on the course, and in the past would agree. However, the last two times we played, the marshals have been very good - very courteous and very helpful.  The last time, while we were playing cart path only, one of the players was very slow (as usual) and the female marshal most diplomatically asked us to speed up.  She was one of the nicest, most courteous marshals I have had experience with, and consequently, one of the most effective.The courses have a nice driving range, chipping and sand area, and putting greens. Unfortunately, they no longer allow you to use them, unless you are playing one of the courses (you used to be able to pay a daily fee to use them).Finally, the service is friendly and courteous - from the drop off, to the restaurant, to the desk personnel, I have had nothing but pleasant experiences with the employees.I think any golfer should experience these courses at least once - a visit would be well worth it.
5	By far the nicest course I have EVER played. Check your Ego though...this is target golf to the max and anything that isn't straight you'll be lucky to find. No houses and jaw dropping views. Food is great as well...get the Cuban Sandwich at the grill. What a golf experience.
2	Awesome course, nothing wrong with the golf, but cant give five stars due to my last trip.  We had friends come in from out of town and i made the reservations for 4 on the website.  easy enough, thought i was doing the right thing by booking early and reserving our spot, since it was first couple days open after re-seeding. We get to the course and there are 2 AZ residents and 2 out of towners.  When we pay the local rate was $160 and the non-local was $145.  I asked why mine was more and he said it was because i made reservations too far in advance?  Their backwards approach is that if you make reservations 8 days or more out, non-locals pay less and locals pay more... if its 7 days and in, locals pay less and non-locals pay more. and it is a difference of $70 for locals! ($90 vs $160)  So i asked him how this works, and he said, with a straight face... "what you have to do is make a reservation for 2 for non-locals in advance, then wait a couple days and add the 2 locals later."  I looked at him and said "do you realize what you just said there?"  he said, "yep that's how we do it."  I don't see how you can say this to someone without laughing and saying, "yeah, it doesn't make sense but we got ya bitch!" So the 2 locals had to pay an extra $70 each because we wanted to make a tee time in advance for 4 people.    Lame, lame, lame. Golf was good, service was laughable.
5	I've played well over 40 of the Golf Magazine Top 100 courses in the US. We're lucky to have many of them here right in our backyard. This course stands out! Exemplary service, and the driving range is the best I've ever seen.The course is tough. No country club rolls here. Hit it right or left and you're undoubtedly taking a drop, and a stroke.Can't wait to get back for my next round!
5	Without question, the best course I've ever played. The fairways are in great shape & the greens are PGA quality. I played other courses in the area that were recently seeded, but this course is in great shape for this time of the year. This is true desert golf!
5	World class golf at a reasonable price.  Troon North and We-ko-pa are the best golf you will find in Arizona.  If you can play it more than once a year pick up the We-ko-pass and it will save you some duckets.  The Saguaro course is a little more straight forward while the Cholla course has some tricks up its sleeve.  Don't be afraid to play both as they are both excellent tracks.  Lots of memorable holes and excellent scenery.  You will rarely see another golfer and there are no houses adjacent the course.  This is golf paradise!
4	Played both courses at We-Ko-Pa.  Went out because it's rated in the Top 100 in Golf Magazine.Staff was very accommodating as my friend booked the wrong weekend, and they were packed but still squeezed us in at the tee time we thought we had, and they had no attitude about it - instead they just laughed and said "we'll take care of you" even though they were telling people on the phone that they were booked solid.  I played the 2nd 18th with members of the staff (caught up to them and they invited me to play along) and they were incredibly nice, enjoyable to play with.  The course is in really nice shape, the greens roll true but you have to pay attention as there are a lot of small slopes.  Good speed to them, and they hold well.  I played the Cholla course first and found that it was one of those courses that you have to play a few times to know where to hit it.  One par 5 is very tricked-up (not a big fan of those types of holes).  If I were rating the course(s) on service and condition alone, I'd give it a 5...but I reserve the 5s for those courses that have a WOW factor.  These courses were nice and I'd play them again and again, but can't say any holes stood out as being awesome (though the mountains in the background made every hole look nice).
5	Love these courses!
5	One of the most beautiful courses I have ever played. The wildlife we spotted included coyotes, vultures, ground squirrels, rabbits, woodpeckers, herons, and cardinals.Service and food are outstanding.We played the Cholla course.This is also one of the toughest courses I have ever played. The greens are fast and the fairways played slow. Long par 3's.My only complaint is small bathrooms. There was a cue to use the toilets three deep before our round.
1	What a disappointment. After reading so many great reviews and receiving some personal endorsements, my wife and I booked a tee time  to play on Sept 9th. From the moment we arrive and took our bags out of our car until 51/2 hours later, this was the worst golfing experience either of us have ever experienced. Yes, that's right, our round was 5 Hours +. We drove out 45 minutes from Kierland only to be informed that the course was cart paths only! My wife and I are in our early 60's and in good shape, however, the temperature was in the mid 90's , and anyone who plays golf knows, it's easier to walk a course than drive paths only. We found the staff to be very unfriendly- from the bag people to the people in the pro shop. For $100 each, we expected that  this would be a great round, but, during our 5 hour round, basically walking the entire time, we saw the cart girl twice. The carts have ice buckets attached, which we didn't realize until an hour after we started, and that was melted by the 5th hole. Not enough water, never saw a ranger or anyone else asking how we were doing!My advice, if you want to play this course, call ahead to learn whether it's cart paths only. If it is buyer beware!
2	I played this past weekend (12/7/14) at We-Ko-Pa.  We were 8 total and played 35 holes here, both courses.  After reading reviews and checking top lists, we all had high expectations.  I, along with my group members, were seriosly disapointed in the overall experience. The course itself was nice.  A great layout with nice views and in good shape.  The greens were a little sandy and definitely slower than we all expected.  The reason I gave this such a poor rating is because of the player experience.  I would consider myself and frequent golfer, playing weekly and over 40 times per season.  This was low on the list in terms of customer service, experience, and value.  As a group we all spent $2200 at this course, and we were treated as if we were a burden on them.  After showing up on the first tee - we were rudely greeted by the starter who couldnt even crack a smile.  Sorry but after paying the 300 dollar tab, I would expect a smile out of your starter.  The bag drop attendents did not even offer to pick up our bags or walk out to greet us, they thought it would be better to continue to talk to themselves.  We were also the first tee time so there were no other guests to even greet.  Then while being rushed off the first tee and given no guidance on the course, we were told it was cart path only for the entire 36 holes.  I get why they did this but they should warn their customers before booking of these rules.  This was awful as we would have to unstrap our bags and walk across the entire fairway.  Then - we got told to hurry up our play because.  This would have been ok to do but if we didnt have to walk across the entire fairway with our bags because we did not know any yardages (no markers on sidewalks or birdhouses for a 150).  The food on the turn was a notch above cafeteria food at my high school. If I paid 50 dolalrs to play each course i wouldnt have been as mad, but for this price - this course should rival Streamsong, Bandon Dunes, Pelican Hill, The Ocean Course and so on.  And it absolutely does not.  Go other places like Troon or Southern Dunes for a better experience.
