5	Good Hotel
4	We stayed here on a recent trip to Mesa. The neighborhood is old and somewhat questionable, however the hotel is a gem. Ruben greeted us at the front desk and I liked him instantly. He obviously takes pride in his job and the hotel. The interior is nice and the rooms are recently remodeled. The bed was comfy and the room was clean..even the bathroom (which doesn't happen often in my opinion). We stayed three nights and all was great. They offer breakfast (basic bagels, waffle fruit etc) and had a pool and probably the biggest hot tub I've seen at a hotel. The pool was refreshingly cool on a hot day and very clean. The hot tub was at the right temprature for me, but my husband said it could be warmer.In all I recommend this place.
1	I was going to stay here tonight as my apartment was going to be fumigated and it's right around the corner from where I live.I asked the girl at the front desk what the price of a room was for a night. She gave me a stern look and said the price and put a LOT of emphasis on ONE PERSON. I said, yes, just me. Then she looked at me again and said all of our rooms are NO SMOKING. Again with the emphasis. Which was fine with me as I don't smoke anyway and did in fact notice the sign on the door that said it was.So I gave her my ID and said that I would like a room for the night.When she gave me the total I pulled out $60 and handed it to her. She didn't take it and told me that if I was paying cash that it was $100 for a deposit.I was confused as to what she was saying and I was trying to verify that it was refundable and that I would get the other $40 back at checkout.She informed me that it was $100 on top of the $60 for the room and that they would check the room before I could leave before refunding the deposit if there was NO DAMAGE. (Again with that vastly irritating emphasis).Listen. I know the address on my license told you that I reside just around the corner. That doesn't mean that I was getting a prostitute and planned on smoking in your non-smoking establishment. It doesn't mean that I plan on throwing the TV off the balcony. I know that you are right in the middle of the Mesa hood, but not everyone in the hood is a hoodlum. I just needed a place to stay while my apartment is fumigated.Went to Best Western instead. No problems. Little more expensive, but for the hassle this lady was giving me and undoubtedly would give me tomorrow in regards to my deposit....I think I still won out on the bottom line there...
5	I stay here a lot in my travels.  It is the best buy.  Very well maintained.  Everything works. Super fast internet.  Near some of my favorite Asian restaurants, too.  Yes, it's in a slightly seedy part of town, but I've never seen any trouble with the parked vehicles.
1	We checked in on 1/18/2012 and noticed a bad smell coming from the pipes in the tub.  We reported it the next morning and were assured it would be fixed.  When we returned to our room on 1/19/2012 , we realized they had turned on the fan and hit the place with Febreze.  It was so late when we got back to the room we just decided to live with the smell.  In the morning, we reported the smell again and wanted to see the manager.  We were told he was not there and his cell phone was turned off.  Long story short, my traveling companion spoke to the manager by phone later that day and explained the problem again.  According to him, since we didn't complain enough times, it was our fault.  He offered a 10% reduction (after yelling on the phone).  When my traveling companion asked for $50 off the bill or she would take some action (like reporting this to Yelp), he said, "I withdraw the discount!  Do what you think you have to do then."  Very unfortunate experience.  This whole thing was unfortunate.  My traveling companion is from the Netherlands and I was really trying to show her how great Americans are.  This was a true fail.  He should not have yelled at her.  How many times must one complain?  Obviously, once was not enough.  One star.
1	Booked with my smart phone and payed in advance. The mobile website gave me the option to book different rooms according to room occupancy. I chose the room that would fit my family of four. It gave no option to change from the default 1 adult 0 children. I clicked on book room and payed. upon arrival at inn clerk asked me how many children were with me I told her 3 but my oldest would be staying at my fathers house. She said I only booked for one adult. Then she said it would be $18 more per night. She then asked me how many adults would be staying . I told her just me and my wife. She said that it would be now be $28 more per night. I said "come on give me a break here!" A man then joined into the conversation that worked there. At this point my wife and 3 kids walked in the lobby. She then began to yell at me saying that you told there were only 2 children and now my rate is now $48 more per night. My father then walked into the lobby as he was meeting us there to pick up my oldest.  She continued to berate me in front of my family calling me a liar. My father asked them why are yelling at my son? He then took the 5 and 6 yr old kids outside so they didn't have to listen to the "discussion". I called the 1800 number to change my reservation. The customer service rep told me that the system wouldn't allow it but that it should not matter as the rate would be the same for 1 or 4 people anyways. I told them this and they said that they didn't care and if I wanted to stay there it would be $48 more per night and they didn't want me to stay there anyways. I told them that I would find lodging elsewhere. They refused to return my money. All this aside... The hotel was in a very sketchy neighborhood with trailer parks within view of the inn. The facilities were a bit rundown from the outside.
1	We showed up at noon asked if they happen to have a room open yet (we had an all day concert to attended) they said no they would call us if anything opened.. because it was a once your in you can not leave concert we hung out till 1:45 thinking they certainly would let us check in 15 min early right? hahaha NO. Whatever we left returned at 11pm to get our room. The next day late check out varies on whatever mood the person answering the phone is.Us and another group check in together. We both called for a late check out   one got a noon check out and  one was told no???? Weird huh???? While eating the breakfast you better make sure to be done at 9 sharp because they are picking it up about 5 till, if you are done or not. Staff is rude... they own a hotel and they gonna let you know it. It is our rules and nothing you can do about it attitude sucky sucky . Neighborhood is OK tons of construction going on right now too ugh. ON a good note...The pizza place next door ROCKS!!!!
5	This place is cheap, the rooms are huge, with a fridge and microwave. Rooms are nice, clean and comfortable. Free WiFi too! The bathroom is nice and the pool and hot tub are lovely. The hallways are a little scary, but I still haven't fully recovered from The Shining, so I may be a tad sensitive to this.  The neighborhood is somewhat questionable, but the parking lot has security cameras in it, and there are some amazing Asian food restaurants down the street. The owners don't want you to muck up their hotel, and they make that clear, but I can respect that. They're doing a good job running their family business and I wish this place luck!
3	Hubby and I spent three nights at this location this past week. Our room with a king bed, was spacious and nicely furnished, the bathroom was a two-parter,  with tub/shower and toilet separated from the vanity area - a truly nice touch.  I had several relatively minor complaints, which detracted from my enjoyment.1.  The night we checked in, the owners/managers had apparently just finished their dinner in their own apartment, and the odor of fried Asian food permeated the halls.  It wasn't noticeable in our room, but outside the room, it was strong and somewhat nauseating.2.  I purchased a soft drink from the machine that was badly badly out of date.  The date on the bottom was either 2008 or 2011, I wasn't sure how to read it, but it was NASTY.  In defense of the owners, they did refund my dollar.3.  The bathroom in our room is badly in need of some safety bars and a non-slip applied to the tub bottom.  I nearly slipped and fell in the shower.4.   The WI-FI was intermittent and slow.  I would leave my laptop and come back to do something, only to have to disconnect and reconnect.  5.  I don't understand why, when I left the newspaper strewn all over the floor, it wasn't picked up and discarded.  Instead, it was put back in order and left on the floor!!  It seems that the couple who own/manage the location are the only staff around - we didn't see another soul except the husband and wife.6.  The breakfast provided is monotonous.  Boiled eggs and yogurt in the fridge, commercially wrapped pastries that one can buy at the nearest 7-11, and really bad orange juice.This hotel is on a street that is being torn up for extension of the light rail and can be difficult to reach at certain times.  The neighborhood is older and not in the best of shape, but we had no problems.  For the price - $141.00 for three nights - I would stay again.
4	Stayed her for MLB Spring Training Great Rates clean coffe maker in room great free breakfast danishes bagel make your own waffles cereals milk oj etc just get there early all the old people take the stuff pool was good free hbo etc only two floors Quiet I would recommend if you are going to HoHokam Park. Some good Antique and a random stores and small restaurants on Main St. Alot better than some of the dumps around there If you are looking for a nice typical no frills hotel for spring training or whenever go there. Staff is family run and friendly.Hot tub works great
1	So.....I knew not to expect much based on the area, but I figured I'd give it a chance. The room was fairly clean except there was a hair and some weird stain on the bed....lets organize this post a bit because there were a number of issues.1. Stain and hair on the bed...not a huge deal.2. When they came to clean, they didn't change the sheets.3. We were woken up by the gardeners on Saturday morning at 9am with the leaf blower.4. The maids were in the hall talking very loudly at 9am as well.5. As we left, the maids watched us the whole time as they "kicked it" at the stair well. We felt so unwelcomed. I will never stay here again.
5	Stayed here for three nights.  Comfortable beds, nice staff, and reasonable rates given the amount of tourists that are showing up this time of year for Spring Training.   The best part of my experience was the great internet.  Truly the best internet bandwidth I've dealt with at a hotel.  Had no trouble surfing the web and watching videos.  Breakfast could've been better, but still better than most I've seen in this price range.  I would stay here again.
1	Our family used the hotel pool on a late afternoon. When we were done, we hung our bathing suits on the side of our bathtub. We even made sure that they were ringed well so as not to have any puddles outside the tub & even lined the outside with a towel. The next day, a company that provides excursion to the Grand Canyon picked us up at 6am. The trip lasted for 14hrs. Before leaving, we placed the "Do Not Disturb" sign on our door as we were rushing to get out and did not have a chance to lock any personal items-as the room had no safe. Upon our return, our room key failed to work. My husband asked for a replacement. The manager snapped at my husband yelling, "You left your room a mess!" When asked to clarify the manager stated that we left our bathing suits hanging on the tub thereby giving the housekeeper a hard time cleaning the tub. The manager loudly stated that they have a coin-operated dryer and we should have used it to dry our bathing suits. We explained to the manager that this is unheard of and no hotel had ever given us a hard time hanging bathing suits in the bathroom. The manager ordered us to leave their property! That pretty much left us with no choice but to leave. We were treated rudely for a very petty reason. We feared for our safety as the manager behaved inappropriately & in addition, went against our "Do Not Disturb" request. It is so unfortunate that very rude staff run this hotel with no proper training on Customer Service.
4	I was very impressed with the Clarion.  We shopped around for rooms in the area for cheap rates since we did not expect to spend much time at the motel.  The Clarion came up for $1 more per night than the local Motel 6 - they had reviews that referenced the Twilight Zone.  I was very afraid and went for Clarion instead.  Great pool and spa.  Very clean.  Frig and microwave.  Front desk staff was lame but luckily did not need to talk to them often.  A lot of construction in the area for a rail system, but that did not impact our ability to get around.  Lots of great people staying there.  Highly recommend.
1	STAY FAR AWAY from this place, I have traveled many, many years and have never been inclined to write up a review. However, I feel obligated to warn others. Read other reviews about this place before considering. Extremely unprofessional, rude confrontational staff, security cameras everywhere. There must be a major security concern. There are a large number of EXTREMELY negative reviews out there online about this place. We should have paid closer attention.  We experienced just about everything listed.
1	If there was zero stars this would be the place. There web site is a flat out lie. It is a strait out crap hole. I travel as a professional and a platinum member with choice hotels and I've never stayed in one this bad. Front desk ppl are very unprofessional. Please stay away!!!!!!!!
4	Here is the straight scoop on this hotel. After stopping at the Circle K down the street prior to arrival she was very concerned about staying in this area. Every thug in Mesa seemed to be there. When I checked in I noticed they had good video coverage of the entire property. You need to have a room card to get in the hall to get to your room. We put everything in the room as we were uncomfortable about leaving anything in the car. The rooms are very nice and spotless with a great bed, fridge and Microwave. The free internet checks in at around 3.5 MPs. Also has a coffee maker. We ventured out to the pool and Spa. Very Clean though a few of the lounge chairs could be replaced. Stayed there for awhile and had it all to ourselves. Went back for a little TV. Old tube type TV but it worked well. Went out to eat and never noticed any unsavory people hanging around coming or going. Great quiet nights sleep. Went to the exercise room in the AM. Real nice equipment and like the rest of the property it was spotless. It was off to the free breakfast. Very nice. Coffee, juices, waffle maker. cereal, milk, toast, yogurt and biscuits and sausage to microwave. Pastries and Fresh fruit was also available. Enjoyed all that with a free copy of USA Today. Back to the room to Shower and pack up. The staff was great. I think the bad reviews come from guests who were either trashing the room or sneaking in more guests than they paid for. The folks running the place are all about keeping it clean and safe and I doubt if they put up with much bad behavior. Good for them. Only downside here is the neighborhood and they seem to do a fantastic job of keeping out the riff raff. All in All it was great.
2	Just a strange experience. Came to my cousins wedding and stayed at the clarion. When I checked in I asked if I could get a room by the pool. The front desk guy said those rooms were all taken. The first night there my car was the only car in the entire parking lot. My cousin and I looked around and none of the rooms had any lights on. It was just really strange, it felt like we were the only ones there. The room was ok, we turned the AC on and it gave out a funny smell. In the morning my cousin went to get us breakfast and the sausages had mold on them. Second night there still felt like we were the only ones there but there was one other car In the parking lot. I won't be staying there again.
