1	Took my daughter to @DennysAllnightr for her Birthday Grand Slam.Nobody came to the table for almost 20 mins.Our server was Penny.No coffee refills in the first 40 mins.Time from placing order till delivered was close to 25 mins.Food was same quality as always at Denny's, which is fine.But the service was severely lacking.I'm disappointed, even for Denny's.
4	Had breakfast today with the family.  Weekly tradition for Wednesdays!  Pat took care of us like she always does.  Great meal and service.
5	Well I most certainly was not expecting to fire up a 5 star Denny's review on a Sunday night, but that's the beauty of an open mind, right? We headed out to QT to grab some wine and gas and were contemplating a dinner to go from here. We haven't showered today and layed low by the pool in attempt to do "nothing" before the busy week ahead. Our options were limited due to our appearance, so we figured Denny's would take us! They sure did. We rolled right up and saw a Redbox right outside the front door, which had us pretty happy. Grabbed a couple flicks and walked in. We were promptly greeted with smiles. The place smelled great! Like those little air fresheners you plug into the wall that mimic Grandma's house. It was clean as a whistle, restrooms and all. Our server, Dallas was amazing! My soup was out before I could even check into Yelp on my phone. The husband had a 6 dollar giant breakfast and myself a 4 buck grilled cheese. Dallas wrote nothing down (amazing considering my odd sides and requests), our food came out hot, perfect and fresh. Refills were prompt on our icy sodas. There really was nothing else we could have asked for. Who knew?! *Saw they are doing a charity benefit for the troops June 12th, 2011. 10 percent of your bill is donated. They have up some nice American decorations and some stories about local service members. *A new menu is also expected to launch on the 7th, so keep an eye out.
3	Nothing special, its the usual Denny's chain restaurant. Server were very pleasant and nice to everyone. Good for a quick breakfast with a nice coffee.
2	The Denny's at this location has outstanding cooks. Everything is always nicely cooked and hot, I love the skillets. The problem is with the service, the only consistancy is that it is terrible. My observation is not on one experience or two, it is the last four out of the last five times we have been there, no coffee refills, no to go boxes, we waited and waited for ANY service to the point the server in the next section finally helped us. Management needs step up the service.
3	Nothing fancy about this place, it's your typical Denny's restaurants.  It's open 24 hours a day, so it's good for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  You can order breakfast food during night time and dinner during day time.  They don't care what time it is, they will fill you up anyway they can get.  Also, they offer free birthday meal, just show up and let them know it's your birthday and they'll pay for your meal, easy like that.
3	Bad feeling about foods and services. We came with 2 women, 3 men and 2 kids, the waiter fogot to bring the drink for us, the beef burn when they fried and used to make the salad.
