4	As Waffle House's go, and I've patronized a handful, this one is above the middle of the grade. The parking is sufficient for the number of seats inside (it's the standard size Waffle House) and the appearance from the outside is good. Inside, the floors and restrooms are clean. The grill area is well organized and stocked. Dirty dishes do not sit on the tables long. I'm somewhat sure this is a non-smoking Waffle House, because on my two visits here I have not been bothered by smoke.Wait staff is attentive at taking orders promptly and calling them out to the cook staff. They are always around with coffee refills and brew fresh pots.The food is what the food is at a Waffle House. Loads of grease and fat, tons of carbohydrates and, if it's your thing, excellent taste. The price is right, too. They're not looking to steal customers away from Ruth's Chris, nor would they succeed if they tried.Open 24 hours, this Waffle House is very conveniently located right off I-77 where it meets I-485. Take the Westinghouse exit. Be careful getting back on the highway going north as I learned that it's easy to accidentally get onto the I-485 ramp instead of I-77. The traffic light getting back on to Westinghouse is an insanely long one - I ran it the first time after waiting nearly 10 minutes.Would I visit this establishment again? You bet! Because sometimes in the middle of the night or the middle of the afternoon, you just want a delicious waffle. And because this one is better than others I have visited, it gets four stars.
3	Decent, fast, cook to order food.  Typical waffle house.  Truck Driver friendly and 10% off if you show your Carrowinds Season pass.
3	I'm going to start adding the TIME from order placed to TIME food arrives on my Reviews.  First I ordered the ALL-STAR SPECIALWaffle, 2 eggs, hash browns... smothered & covered, 2 pieces of sausage, EXTRA side of bacon. and reg. CoffeeMy breakfast date ordered a Ham, Egg, and Cheese sandwich. OJ w/ a cup of ice.The food arrived in 8:36 mins.
5	This place is great has it's off and on nights Just make sure to ask for Anthony to cook and Greg as a waiter and you will enjoy ! Came last night and horrible waitress and food wasn't as good .
5	Great service tonight.  Sherelle was on point knew what she was doing and how to write up a ticket! Food came out on time in order and perfect.
5	Good service and nice people.  The food is made like at home but with no work from me!
