5	One bowl pho is enough for two people, Cos the portion is quite big. The price around $7. Awesome!
5	Excellent Beef Pho.  The beef broth was flavorful and for $7.00 the bowl was large enough for two, except you'll want your own.The only downside is that Star Ginger is in the casino food court.  For us it was crowded and the tables dirty.They do have takeout though.....
4	Pho? At a casino food court? Do I dare? These questions (All valid ones to ask when you're hungry and craving something soup-like) floated through my head as I pondered over the menu at Star Ginger. As it turns out, Star Ginger serves up a decent bowl of pho, for $7. You have your choice of beef or chicken, and it is made to order as soon as you pay for your meal at the cashier.The pho was a sizable portion in a large bowl. I chose chicken, and there were a lot of white meat chicken chunks in the bowl, as well as freshly shredded onion, pho noodles, and cilantro. The broth was rich and a little unctuous, and there was a plate of fresh basil, bean sprouts, and lime wedge on the side. They also included a disposable soup spoon and a small container of sriracha and hoisin sauce. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality and quantity of this meal. They did a decent job with the pho dish, and if I were at this food court again, I definitely wouldn't mind trying another bowl of pho!
3	10/20/13Mom wanted to try the pho, so she chose the "Vietnamese Pho," with chicken (other choices were beef, and tofu and veggies) from the two noodle choices (the other one was Spicy Thai Noodles).  Since Star Ginger only serves rice noodles and rice entrees, I couldn't eat here... There were salad options available, but I wanted noodles, or the grilled/stir-fried entrees with more meat and veggies.  Sadly, these too are made with sauces and seasonings laced with cornstarch and other allergens I must stay away from.  I noticed the guy before me had his hand around a glass of Thai iced tea, so I wanted to try one for myself.  It was one of the best Thai iced teas I've tried! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/star-ginger-chandler?select=yVLaabkuwbwkDM2-jc0-Dg#yVLaabkuwbwkDM2-jc0-Dg  Just sweet and creamy enough for me to enjoy without feeling like I'm blasting my system with too much sugar and saturated fat.  :)Mom seemed to enjoy her pho, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/star-ginger-chandler?select=YWls92COlK5fq_ed_Nhwcg#YWls92COlK5fq_ed_Nhwcg and I asked if it was better than the pho she had at Pho Thanh, and she said no.  (I tried the soup and found it to be tasty!)  It was good enough for tonight...  If I stay at Wild Horse Pass Resort again and Mom visits, she might try a stir-fry here, or she may just opt for Fatburger, or Famiglia Pizza and Pasta...  I will definitely order Star Ginger's Thai iced tea.  :)Service was friendly.
3	Surprised at quality ! I got beef and broccoli over white rice and low mein. The beef tasted fresh not fatty at all the rice was perfectly cooked sauce was good.. The only thing id say is too many big chunks of onion In the noodles and they were out of my fav coco water :( way better than delivery at least any chinese you can get out in az.
