5	Never once have I been disappointed by a show I've seen from Torch Theater. Never.In fact, those are usually the times I've laughed the hardest in my entire life. I go so often though, that it means I laugh hard. A lot. I wonder if I can get a physical condition from that. Oh well. It'll be worth it.From tournaments such as Cage Matches and the Phoenix Improv March Madness Playoffs (PIMMP), amazing troupes such as Searching for X, Mail Order Bride, Light Rail Pirates, and Galapagos, and improv classes, you are guaranteed a good time at one of their performances. Do yourself good and hop over to one of their many shows soon.
4	They're doing preview nights ahead of their grand opening in a few weeks.$5 for the show - you can't go wrong!We saw 3 improv groups Saturday night featuring 15 or so actors.  Very accomplished and very entertaining.They offer improv classes and a 'teaser' class to get your feet wet.I'm seriously considering being there the next one - Tue July 5.
1	Stay away...this comedy ensemble is anything BUT funny! The Trifecta show was horrible, thankfully the last act kept me from walking out. Waste of $10. My friend sent me a txt halfway through it...."I need to go to the bathroom...Hula's bathroom". That's the restaurant across the street.Best laugh I had all night
5	A really passionate group of artists who are trying to build a place for people to do improv as an art, and not just as something you get annoyed by and want to punch.Has a really cozy interior which is good for this kind of audience interaction.  Also, the exterior is near many fine restaurants and within walking distance of the light rail...if you happen to live near light rail stops, this is good. A good time to be had in a good location with good people.  With goodness.
4	I signed up for the Groupon that was offered this summer for a Level I Improv Class here. I did a little research beforehand and saw that it is a start-up cooperative comprised of local improv talents, many of whom have studied at Second City or with other famous workshops and improvisational groups around the country. I since learned that they are also thrilled to have their own space and have great spirit. I wasn't certain what to expect from improv class- and I was pleasantly surprised!  I have been to a few improv shows, including Upright Citizens Brigade and a couple of other shows in LA and here in Phoenix. Improv is an acquired taste for many-- the scenes are often a bit unclear and you have to be really willing to roll with where the actors are going. Since I needed to just let loose and have fun, I figured this would be a great outlet! I worked with Sam, who is an absolute joy and very professional. I worry about a lack of organization when it comes to teaching something that seems very willy nilly, but he provided in-depth step-by-step guidelines to the art of working without guidelines, and that's pretty impressive! Each week featured a different lesson, and there was not a single class where I did not laugh a lot. Along with the class, you are required to see up to 4 shows for free as a student. My favorite is The Skewed News Hour. Members of the audience cut out news stories from provided newspapers and there are scenes put on based on those story suggestions. Hilarity ensues. One show in particular stood out when Warren Jeffs compound was the subject... Imagine my surprise when I found a pool under my chair because I laughed so hard (ok, not really). I have been impressed with this show's consistency and I have also enjoyed a couple of the others. Now it's one of my favorite things to go to Hula's and see an inexpensive show at the Torch afterward and have a complete evening! Spread the word!
5	Great shows here.  I have done improv before, but this takes it one step beyond, as I have only done short form.   Long form improv is challenging but I love learning it.  I am taking Level I and find my teacher Nina to be very supportive.The shows really showcase remarkably talented players.The entire group is dedicated to improv and do it for the love and passion they have.
5	I'm a big fan of long form improv and find the troupes at the Torch Theatre never disappoint. My favorite shows to attend are the Neighborhood and Cage Match. At the Neighborhood, the Torch invites a local to come and tell stories from their life. The troupes than perform improv based on the stories. I've discovered some awesome local poets, musicians and writers from these shows.Cage Match is a competition between two troupes. Since it's later in the evening, these performances can get a little raunchy, but I've found the improv artists are more apt to provide more clever and smart humor.
5	Downtown Phoenix has something really amazing, something that makes it stand out in the national comedy scene. It's called The Torch Theatre, and it's the only space dedicated to long-form improv in Arizona. The theater just opened this year, and it's wonderful to see this venue created by such a talented group of improvisers. The space is used to host classes and weekly shows, and the group behind it also puts on the annual Phoenix Improv Festival, which brings in prominent comedians from around the country.I went to the theater for the weekly Cagematch competition, where a challenger team takes on the champion from the previous week. The teams can perform any format they want, from one long scene with a single suggestion to short-form games throughout the show. You never know what you're going to get, and that's part of the fun. Audience members determine which team makes it onto the next week.This was just one of three shows that night, and every Friday and Saturday, there is a ton of programming to choose from. Tickets generally range from $5-$10, and the full schedule can be found here. It's fun to check out a lot of different types performances, and it's a great way to get immersed in downtown Phoenix culture.
4	Fun place to hit for some entertainment. At a good price too. YAY for Torch Theater improv!!!
5	want a taste of whats great about nyc without leaving phoenix?  want to laugh like crazy? then come to a show at torch! i have to admit this place is a lot responsible for easing my east coast homesickness-  this place would do any of the UCB theater members proud (that used to be straight where i would take any out of towners to show off new york, and to kind of stalk amy poehler- now that i am in phoenix, the torch it is!). whenever i walk or drive by i get a huge grin on my face and then i can't believe the talent and passion that is right here in phoenix!  it is my favorite thing to do in the whole city.  woo hoo as good as it gets, indeed, i wish i could give it 6 stars.
5	The theater is small, but the fun is huge! (see what I did there?)I had the opportunity to be a part of The Neighborhood last night. I've known about the theatre for awhile now, but had never been to see a show. They were great! I was quite impressed with how they took my silly stories and made them so much more exciting and hilarious than my actual life! The troupe works very well together. I did a lot of laughing. I definitely want to see more of their shows. It's different, and an inexpensive night out. They also have workshops, so if you ever want to try out improv, there are many opportunities available. Torch Theatre could actually get me into Phoenix more! Who'd a-thunk it?
4	What a fun night! A dear friend of mine was the story teller for last night and I laughed so hard my cheeks hurt! I have always loved improv and these guys were great. Can't wait for the next time : )
5	I was not sure what to expect when my group was told that we were going to participate in a team builder there last Friday (08/30/13). I have to say that I was blown away by the process. Jackie was an incredible facilitator, and we had the most fun together we have ever had. I was actually sore the next day from all the laughing; I mean physically sore! It was absolutely amazing and I see us having a hard time reaching the bar for our next corporate team builder that Jackie definitely raised. To have that much fun and to actually have some decent takeaways was worth more than what we paid. This team builder was for our little group, but we are emphatically recommending it to the guys upstairs for all of our employees moving forward! I honestly cannot say enough; definitely as good as it gets.
5	My team recently attended a half day corporate team-building event at the Torch.  We all had a great time!  It was amazing to see the members of my team quickly shed their safety zones in order to participate in the improv activities.  Jackie did a great job putting us at ease and allowing us to have a lot of fun.  I will recommend the experience to my colleagues at work.
1	First time to visit The Torch and last time. Was not  funny and we were extremely happy it only lasted 50 minutes!!
1	Skewed News HourWas not funny.  It was supposed to be improv,  The sketches were rehearsed and nothing to do with the "new articles" the audience posted.  A waste of my time.
4	Went to the Torch Theatre for the first time tonight to see Skewed News. I thought it was a bargain at $7 to see a show. Just across the street from Hula's and Maizie's and it is on the light rail so it is a perfect location for a night out. If you take your ticket to Maizie's you get a discount. I thought it was very funny and well worth the time and money. My complaint is that the chairs are a bit crammed together but the theater was far from full so it wasn't a huge problem at all.
5	I've been to the Torch Theatre twice to see my friends perform. The venue is nice and clean. The theatre itself has a large stage and several rows of seating, probably enough space for 20-30 people. Admission is affordable and you feel like you're supporting a good thing. The actors are passionate about what they do and even in the audience, it's a pleasure to be a part of the fun. The improve shows had several groups doing 15-minute sets and I liked all of the skits. I've never been, but apparently the Torch Theatre offers free improv classes every month. I think it's the first Saturday of every month. I have been thinking about going to a class, but haven't made it yet.The Torch Theatre has limited parking in front, but lots of space behind the building. The lightrail is very close if you don't feel like driving. Across the street is Hula's, a great spot for a snack, dinner, or just drinks.
5	The theater itself is nice and clean. The seating area probably holds about 30 people. Yes the chairs aren't super comfortable but that didn't really bother me. Its a small theater and they are trying to fit everyone they can in. So give them a break. I thought the show was funny! We went to see Tom Blunt perform. I will definitely be back. It is right off the light rail and within walking distance to Hula's. Go and support local theater!
5	Not only is it the only long form improv theater in Phoenix, but it's also the best long form improv theater in Phoenix. A very talented and impressive community of performers. Perfect for a date night, or...I don't know, whatever people want to do.
