1	I moved to Las Vegas 5 months ago and used Ivan Sher of Shapiro and Sher. It was probably the most stressful experience I have ever had in buying a home. Ivan was representing both sides of the home I was buying. I felt Ivan was protecting the seller and not my family. I also felt he was not forthcoming or honest with me. I also asked Ivan if I could speak with the neighbor who also bought a house from Ivan. Ivan refused to give me the persons telephone number. I only wished I had talked with this person prior to my purchase. I did finally speak with my neighbor who has since moved to Dallas Texas. I asked him about his experience with Ivan. I was shocked when he told me about his experience. He felt the exact same way as me.     It is my opinion that the only thing Shapiro and Sher care about are the commissions and that is it. When I decided after only 4 months that Vegas was not for us I interviewed 3 agents.  Ivan Sher was one of the agents I interviewed. I wanted to interview Ivan to just see what he felt our home was now worth. I then called him a few days later and told him I had decided to go with another agent. He asked me which other agents I had interviewed. I told him who the other 2 agents I  interviewed and he actually recommended one of the other agents.     I decided to hire Ken Lowman of Luxury Homes of Las Vegas. I had also learned after the fact that Ivan actually called the agent I decided to not hire and told that agent that he recommended him to me and he wanted 20% of the commission if I hired him. I want it to be clear this is what was told to me. I was also told that when Ivan learned through me that I was not going to hire his firm he told the other agent that he recommended I hire that he was going to turn down my listing. I find that quite funny as Ivan actually called me back asking why I decided to not hire him. I guess it was all about ego.      Shapiro and Sher try to get you to believe that they are the biggest in Vegas. This may be true. They also claim they get most of the foot traffic and can sell your home the fastest.  Well my listing was over 3 million and was sold without Shapiro and Sher in less than four weeks. From the listing to the close. All I can say is be aware. The is just my honest opinion and hope this review helps others.
5	Ivan and Florence are top residential brokers in Las Vegas. We first met at a real estate conference several years ago (I am a top agent in Chicago), and I was immediately impressed by their friendly, approachable personalities, their professionalism and their passion for marketing. We stayed in touch and continued to meet from time to time at conferences and networking events around the country. This year, one of my very successful Chicago clients mentioned that he was interested in buying a second home in Las Vegas. I immediately thought of Ivan and Florence, and passed along their contact information to my client. Ivan personally handled the referral and my client was thrilled. Based on Ivan's knowledge of the area, the search was efficient and my client found his dream home on his first home buying trip. From there, the negotiation went smoothly, my client felt he was treated well, and the journey from contract to closing progressed without an issue. My client was so pleased that he sent my flowers after the closing thanking me for introducing him to their team.Based on this experience, I would be pleased to refer any of my other clients to this outstanding team.
5	I met Ivan and Florence while visiting Vegas this week.  While I am not in the market for a home in this area I believe they are top notch agents with great knowledge of the area.  I am from Washington D.C. and know how challenging real estate can be.Finding agents with passion, knowledge and experience are hard to come by so I would highly recommend Ivan and Florence.Jason SchneiderWashington D.C.
1	I find it quite interesting that one real estate agent needs to write a review on behalf of the client. I also find it interesting that no one has ever done a review. So I give my honest review and all the sudden a couple of 5 star reviews come out. Well all I can say is be aware. I had an awful experience along with my ex neighbor.
5	I worked with Ivan and Lindsay when buying my new house and I absolutely loved my experience. They found my dream home and negotiated a great price! Any and all stress that could have arose from such a tedious process was eased by them through their amazing communication and getter-done attitude. It's obvious to anyone who's worked with them as to why they are consistently number one! I highly recommend this group.
