2	Ugh, this store is ghetto! (And this was confirmed by their associates!)I went here looking for something for tonight's Elite event & I will never go back. Place is dirty & the bathroom (where I tried on a costume) was disgusiting & dirty.  The store lighting is horrible & dim.  They do have a large selection of items, but many j-hooks that were signed & priced had absolutely nothing sitting on them.The staff was very friendly & helpful. Too bad their store environment is so nasty. :((And no, I did not find anything to wear tonight from here)
3	The bottom line: On several occasions I have gone to this location looking for a specific item. I have always found it. Period. End of point.Is it the fanciest party store in the world? No. It's somewhat unfinished and awkward in its layout.Does checking out sometimes take a bit longer than I would expect? Yes, but I am impatient.Have I tried to used a coupon off the website only to have it not come up? Yes, but the cashier was pleasant and called a manager who promptly gave me this discount.The stock is there; the folks are nice. Really, this Party City is a sweet girl in an ugly dress.
3	This location is actually moving to North Lake Mall...just wanted to put that out there, don't want you to waste time driving here only to find that its moved (I know I'm not the only one who gets teed off about this).  I usually come here for balloons, but the last time I came was for glow sticks.  I'm throwing my mommie a blackout party for her bday so I need a bunch of glow sticks for the decorations and for the guest.  They had a big selection and at a decent price if I might add.  Usually I find that some of their prices can be a bit steep.  Baby shower cards are about &10.00 for a pack of 8.  Who really has only 8 guest to come to her baby shower and even if only 8 shows up she has sent out about 80 invites so you can see how the price can get up there.The good things is that they have plenty of themes...Superbowl decorations, graduation decorations, throwing a 70s party they have that too.I've found that the staff is always willing to help...
