1	First I figured it would be okay.  I just wanted a quick pedi and I didn't have the time to drive to places I KNEW would do a great job, mistake one on my part.The polishes seemed thinned out but I picked a China Glaze I personally knew looked good and owned in case of an emergency touch up.  The color after two coats is NOTHING like it should be.  I figured it would work for the wedding I am going to tonight so I could redo it myself tomorrow.  The guy was polite enough, got my flip flops on without any issues.  I walked to the front to the lights to let the polish set and started to notice my nails looked weird.  He charged me $20, instead of the $14.99 they have advertised!  And got snappy with me because he never told me if I wanted to tip I should have told him before (sure because this is my first time EVER coming I should know all about how you work).  Unfortunately I chalked it up to they hadn't updated their price list and I didn't have the time to argue with him because as we had found earlier there was a major communication barrier.  I gave him a $20 to break and ended up thinking a $5 should be plenty b/c honestly it was the most pathetic pedicure I have ever gotten.  When he gave me back my change I pocketed it without counting it, I mean who really thinks someone is going to tip themselves an extra $5 in front of tons of other potential customers, another bad call on my part!  On my way out the door I hear a lady being billed $14.99 for MORE work than I had done!!! So he got $15 extra out of me for crap. To add insult to injury, upon closer inspection in my car my nails are NOT even a tiny bit even.  Some are rounded (well I can't really say rounded because there are weird pointed areas), some are square and about half I will be lucky if I don't get massive ingrown nails after he butchered the sides up before the quick.  I normally take a ton of time doing my nails myself  so my nails really just needed to have the cuticle and paint attended to.  Instead I look like  a toddler hacked my nails and painted them with cheap polish.Also watch out for the kid they have running around in there, she made a beeline for my toes with her bike, I kind of wish I hadn't jumped back because frankly I would have noticed the bad job and at least gotten my extra $5 he decided to add to my bill.  She was also allowed to play in the seats and was putting her feet in all the tubs that were empty and playing in them, yum all that parking lot grim from her running around barefoot in the soak tubs.Lesson learned, NEVER get a cheap pedicure, even in AZ a cheap pedicure is a cheap pedicure.
1	Thought I had found the perfect spot to wait while my son is getting his hair cut a few doors down... NOT!  I had a pedi and gel nails done.  I ended up coming back the NEXT DAY because the gel was chipping off.  They patched it up so it still looked like crap.  next day more started chipping.  I gave up.  Won't waste my money again.
4	Good service. Be prepared to resist suggestions for extras.Did a very good job taking off the callouses on my heels (for an extra $5). We'll see how my wife's nail polish holds out, in light of the previous two reviews.
4	Happy with my pedicure. Also came with my wife, daughter and granddaughter, and we were all pleased with both the service and the quality of work.That didn't seem to be the case for another of the patrons there at the same time. She was quite vociferous with her complaints.
5	Fantastic nail service. Very humble surroundings. Great prices. Kevin does an amazing job on nails. I've heard that Ben does a fantastic pedicure. I've come several times on Saturday mornings and found it to be quiet and relaxing. Friendly attendants.
1	This is a terrible salon. When i first walked in I thought this was going to be a good spot that was some what hidden. Well my daughter wanted her nails painted while I was going to get mine fixed. I told the younger guy I just needed my nails filed down and redone. So he says ok....well next thing I know he is cutting my nails down with nail clips....I did not ask for this and when I tried to stop him he kept clipping and trying to explain that I needed it. I was really upset the older guy came out and asked what was wrong i told him i wanted my nails filed down and redone and they spoke their language and next thing i know the older guy with saying that the clipping had to be done. And then I said ok then i see the younger guy pulling out those sissor tools to take my nails off....no no no I did not want my nails off i told him to stop that my natural nails are too thin and he would rip my nail off and he kept insisting to let him do it. I left the station and told them finish my daughters nails and I'll go somewhere else. Do not go here they will do what I want. The salon I went to after which is right across the street did her best to fix what this salon screwed up. I was almost in tears from this guy doing this without my permission. Then I hear that a lot of customers leave Idol nails because the guy will tell them to go back where they came from if their nails are ugly or just rip their nails off and start them over because he doesn't like them. TERRIBLE TERRIBLE PLACE.
4	This is the 2nd time I've been here. For the price ($15 fill, $15 pedicure), I think they do a pretty good job. The salon is nicely decorated and the technicians are friendly. They don't use the plastic covers when doing pedicures. However, i can say that after 2 weeks, my nails didn't look like they needed a fill. It wasn't super obvious. I actually went 3 weeks before getting another fill. I can't complain; )
