1	I will never do business with them - and here's why.  This business is located about a block away from where the South End Food Truck Rally is.  Last night at 8 pm as we were walking back from the rally to our car, we noticed several people talking to a tow truck driver in that parking lot.  Upon closer inspection, realized that ALL of the cars (and the lot wasn't even half full) had been booted and were in the process of being towed.  Seriously??  It's Friday night, you aren't open and  you're towing cars?  I couldn't even see a sign that said "no parking" so if it was there, it wasn't very visible.Bottom line -- the South End Food Truck Rally was part of the South End Gallery Crawl, both events are designed to bring people to that area of town.  If a local business is going to show their nonsupport by towing cars, then these type of events will become less popular since people don't have places to park.Wonder if anyone out there saw what I saw last night?  Or had their car towed?
5	Let me say as a 28 year old female who knows absolutely nothing about cars my experience at Brakes 4 less was not just pleasant but informative!  Bill the owner took the time to show me exactly what was wrong and quoted me a fair price!  Another place quoted me twice as much for the work. Everythong was under warranty and they got me on my way quite quickly! They have a repeat customer in me and I will tell everyone I know about them! Thanks guys you do great work!
4	This is more of a response to LYNN's comment. The fact you would give them a bad review based solely on an situation that had nothing to do with a service they performed.... I'm pretty sure the joke here is YOU! There are PLENTY of business's that do not allow parking for anyone other than them/customers. Not only that, there are PLENTY of other places you can find to park in South End to have enjoyed your evening. Trying to give a business a bad review, a review that wasn't earned based on work/labor/services they did... thats what HURTS the city of Charlotte and causes places to be "less popular".  Not to mention, did you take into account maybe they didn't know there was a special event taking place, and since towing would otherwise be enforced- the towing company just came to do their job? Regardless, I hope people will ignore Lynn's response (since it cannot be considered a genuine "REVIEW"). I will be checking out Brakes-4-Less when it comes to getting my car taken care of! I have heard great things when it comes to the WORK they do and NOT THE PARKING THEY PROVIDE!! After all, its not Park-4-Less you dummy!!
5	I went to Brakes for Less today after doing some research online. My dealership said I needed all new brakes and quoted $225.00. I went here and wow what great customer service! They looked at my car, showed me what the issue was and gave me options how to fix it. It was significantly less than the dealership and a better overall experience. I highly recommend them.
1	I called Brakes 4 Less at their 888 number for a quote after getting my vehicle assessed at the dealer and they quoted be $88 for the work, so I proceeded to make an appointment.  After picking my car up at the dealer and driving to the shop they raised the quote to $160.  They said they would have to order different brake pads to do it for $88.  I called the 888 number back and they said they had no idea why the actual shop quoted me more money and that even if they had to order parts they should have been able to do the work same day.I don't trust this kind of nonsense and took my car back to the dealer to get the work done.
4	I visited the Brakes 4 Less in Charlotte, NC after making a appt with their 888 number. Apparently they are not connected because the guys at the shop had none of my info. Also, make sure they give you a complete quote will all discounts prior to starting the work. I was a little suprised at the end by some fees that werent mentioned. So far so good though and they were very friendly!
1	Will never go there again they tried to rip me off, months later they tried to rip off my girl friend with another BS excuse.  They never even looked at her car, just told what she would need and have to pay for. The advertised price is a joke, the staff that was there came off as rude and seemed like i was bothering them for asking to look at my brakes.They claimed that my rotors could not be resurface due to rust. Price when from $139 to $300+  Took my car that same day to Pepboys they resurfaced my rotors and said that rust had no effect because it gets ground off during the resurfacing. Paid pep boys $140 for a job well done. (went to pep boys on tryon)For my girlfriend who went there today November 19th 2014 @ 4:30 they never once looked at her car. because she mentioned she heard a grinding sound they said that she would need brand new rotors and new calipers and tried to charge her $400+.  She asked how they know that when THEY NEVER EVEN LOOKED AT HER CAR. The mechanic began speaking fast and in slang and became rude.  so she left and went to a pep boys right up the street on South Blvd.  The mechanics at south blvd pep boys resurfaced her rotors and said that her calipers were perfectly fine.DO NOT GO TO BRAKES FOR LESS!! They will tray to sell you things you don't need!  I let it go when it happened to me thinking eh maybe it as just a mistake. NOPE! they tried to pull the same bull on my GF!Again do not go there! get a second opinion you will save yourself a couple hundred bucks! Crooks...
