1	I just had to... I'm writing this post mortem (BTW)Running late to a Saturday soccer match.  Needed some "fast food."  Although I've seen "Super Size Me," we were in unfamiliar territory.  Typically for me, anything west of 7th street is considered east California.  Guilty, I don't know my way "round the west side."This is why I don't like Mc Donalds.Ordered the Big Breakfast (plate of shit)."Light fluffy scrambled eggs, savory sausage, a flaky buttermilk biscuit, crispy hash browns and three golden brown hotcakes. Could it get any better?" per mc donald's web site.  golly f-ing geez, put and adjective in front of anything, and i'll eat it: : savory, flaky, crispy, golden diarrhea dog turd.  Y.U.M.M.Y.I got a square egg patty.  swear to jesus.  square (think it was to go to an egg mc muffin)pancakes.  and biscuit yummy.sausage. greasy.  seriously? okay, i knew it would be greasy.had to ask for my hash brown (was forgotten), so the nice lady gave me two.  and then i had a heart attack.  unfortunately, no one working there was smart enough to call 911, so i died.lo siento, pero no mexicans working there AT all, so service was SLOW.  Every senior citizen, bless their little old hearts, was in line in front of me.  and.  I SWEAR TO GOD the cashier had to get her phone out to add.So I ate my last meal, took a Lipitor, but it was too late.  I died.  No one called 911, since the staff can't read nor add, and the elderly didn't have cell phones.
2	Not the best McD's in town. Almost every time I go here, something doesn't go right.  Whether it's a frapp that isn't thoroughly blended (ice chunks in it), or slow service, or someone very incoherent on the drive thru speaker, it seems to always be lacking in consistency and good service as a norm.
2	Coming to this McDonald's is like a box of chocolates, cause you never know what a your going to get. A smorgasbord of different experiences. Parked for an iced coffee the last visit and then when it came it tasted like they gave up waiting for fresh coffee and brought me what they had left over from the night before...bitter. Two sips and out the window it went (I kept the cup, I did not litter). Seriously...parked for an iced coffee???  Plus they give me my HOT food to wait for a cold drink. Without writing a book, my experience dictates that this location should only be visited during rush hours. The staff seems to lack the mental capacity to understand anything about quality, communication or consistency. Management, I highly recommend you re-train your staff on actual McDonald's corporate procedures and learn the guidelines on what is considered fresh...and how to read a clock.
3	I basically order an egg biscuit sandwich and a diet Dr. Pepper when I don't have time to prepare breakfast at home. The food tastes great but unless you're in the drive thru you can expect a longer wait. I don't go thru the drive thru because I just spent $73 on gas this morning and I don't need to burn any extra gas while waiting in line. Plus, sometimes the diet Dr. Pepper tastes a little funky unless you let the soda that's been sitting in "the tubes" OVERNIGHT run for awhile before putting your cup under the dispenser. And as of today, I guess they don't give napkins with your to go order when you order inside.I suggest this McDonald's gets a little bit more wo(man) power during the morning rush to service the customers in a more timely manner.
3	Big breakfast with hotcakes pretty much a staple for my breakfast when I start work early. It is always hit or miss at this location. No consistency in who is cooking the eggs. Sometimes way over cooked, sometimes just right. I worked at McD's for 2 1/2 years when I was in high school. I learned how to cook eggs properly, so can they.Another note, they always seem to forget something in the drive-thru. Utensils, jelly, napkins, syrup...it is ALWAYS something. Another Yelper mentioned the funky tasting Diet Dr. Pepper. I agree.Diet Coke taste funny too.
5	Updating my review after several weeks. Appears maybe the managers read these reviews. In the last few weeks this store has improved 2 stars. The eggs in my BBs have been cooked perfectly, Diet Coke tastes better and they have not forgotten anything in all my visits. Added two stars because they have been consistently 5 stars since my last review...but I am still watching.
2	My first two visits to this place was not good.  (Backround: My first job was working in a McDonald's restaurant in another state, so i know how a good burger should taste like) First week: i order a BLT Crispy chicken sandwich at the driver thru.    I get to the window and the cashier had me pull up to the waiting area due to the fact that it takes a 5 minutes to fry the chicken piece.  So i wait for almost 13 minutes.  I then park my vehicle and i was about to walk in and get my money back when my food finally arrives.     When i get to my work site, i eat my sandwich and the chicken is WAY overcooked.  I called their complaint dept. number listed on the receipt. 2nd week: i order a Bacon& cheese Snack wrap. Instead i get the deluxe snack wrap.   I called their complaint line twice and i got no response to my complaints. Sometime soon i will try to order from this location again and see if they corrected their flaws This all took place 5 months ago so maybe they have a new manager now that actually knows how to run a restaurant.
1	This is one of the worst McD's around. They are slow service, back up easily, half the time screw up the order and some crew members are pretty rude (considering what their job is to serve). Not to mention they have the open late sign but constantly shut down early at night. Forget the late night ice cream run... Wawawahhhh!
1	Holy cow, worst customer service ever. We ordered two premium wraps through the drive through. Took about 20 mins and we were the only people there. We could here the employees screaming at each other whole making our order. Won't come here again!
5	Okay, so I guess it's just the night crew or something, but I came on Sunday mid morning  for a quick meal and they were awesome! Much better than last time.
5	Not too bad as far as customer service goes. I've been here plenty of times in the morning before work. They greet you with a smile and just give you a positive feeling. Which is refreshing since you're heading into work. So the morning crew A+
