5	I had warmest shoe shopping experience here. The one associate there was friendly and I didn't even feel like she was pushing the BoGo on me.  She honestly came off as caring and was looking out for me to get the best deals and not just trying to sell me just any shoe. Granted I was the only one in there, she came around just enough to make me feel like she was there to help. Conclusion: Warm fuzzies from the sales associate and I scored a cute, comfy pair of flats.
1	Military personnel beware! I went in to buy a pair of running shoes in prep for my PT test. The cashier (manager - ?) working when I shopped there doesn't believe Guard & Reserve troops are actually military personnel. I showed her my Guard ID when I saw the sign for their new military discount. She told me that I'm "not really IN the military", I "just work for them". I ended up getting the discount when my boyfriend produced his retired ID. I was told I should get a dependent ID so I can get the discount, too. I wrote an email to corporate & they replied with a halfhearted apology & mailed me a $5 gift card. I don't think I'll use my new running shoes to sprint over there to use it.
5	Loved my experience here! Got the military discount without issue, the sales guy was really nice to my son  when he measured his foot. Got two new pairs of shoes, one was free. Mom is happy, Spawn is happier.
5	This store is always quiet, empty and extremely neat especially for a discount store. Sales associates are friendly and don't rush you even if you walk in 15-20 min before closing time like we did on our most recent visit. They have plenty of shoe styles, socks and accessories to choose from and they even run sales from time to time that sweeten the deal even more. Check out is always a breeze and they will even order shoes for you if the size/style you're looking for isn't in stock.
4	Whoot for BOGO shoes! Seems like whenever I need to find shoes (which is once every few years) I can count on finding something at Payless that is not overpriced and lasts me a good while. This store is closest to me, so I haven't been to too many others- this one is alright though.
