2	I am searching for a good doctor here in Scottsdale and found this practice on Cigna.com.  I called to see if Dr. Magda Williams was accepting new patients.  She was indeed.I asked the receptionist what the next step was since I was a new patient.  She let me know that I'd have to have an initial appointment to establish care, deeming the doctor my primary care physician.  Could I meet the doctor before signing the agreement?  She had to ask someone and then let me know that I could meet with Dr. Soni (a male doctor) during this initial appointment, but Dr. Williams could give me a physical after I establish care.  Why would I want to meet with some other doctor to establish care with Dr. Williams?  I asked her if Dr. Williams had any open appointments the next day; Dr. Soni did at 2:15.  I let her know I'd think about it; I didn't feel comfortable with this arrangement.  I received a call today from Scottsdale Family & Urgent Care informing me that I had missed an appointment at 2:15.  Did I want to reschedule?I called back and told the receptionist about the initial call.  There is clearly a lack of communication at this office.  I don't think I'll be going to this Family Practice.  Two stars for persistance.  I really wish I could write a better review about the actual DOCTORS at the practice--not a critique of the protocol and competence of the receptionists--but I guess that's why they call them "gate keepers".
1	I scheduled an appointment for a physical for 9:45 am Friday June 29. 2012. I arrived 15 minutes early to complete all documentation including payment of my co-pay. I was required to sign a document stating I would be charged $25.00 if I missed an appointment and did not give your office a 24 hour notice.After 45 minutes, at 10:30 am I realized that no Dr. nor Physician Assistant was going to show up. I walked out of the holding room and received a reversal on my credit card of my co-pay. If you do not have any respect for my time, how could I think that you would have any respect for my health?
1	As a follow up to the Doctor letting me sit in a exam room and never showing up, I  called and sent a letter requesting $25.00 to be paid to me for wasting my time. Just like the document I had to sign saying I would pay them $25.00 if I did not give a 24 hour notice. Guess what they have not called or written.IT IS VERY CLEAR THESE PEOPLE  DO NOT CARE ABOUT THEIR PATIENTS.Scottsdale Family & Urgent Care9767 N 91st StreetScottsdale, AZ 85258
1	As an urgent care, they suffice.  Cold, uncaring, atmosphere and long wait times can be expected when you can walk-in to your appointment same day and receive treatment.As a primary care facility, just don't do it.  It doesn't matter how long you've been a patient, or what your circumstance may be, they simply do not care.  And when you do make an appt to see your preferred physician, you will not see them. You will see someone else, which has happened to me twice now.Long time spent in the waiting room, 10 minutes tops spent with the doctor.  "I'll take your co pay and charge your insurance company, thank you very much.  Now leave" pretty much sums up the experience.There are too many good primary care practices out there to settle.
