4	The funny thing about this Arby's, as well as the neighborhood it resides in, is that everything here feels like it comes out of a time warp set firmly in the 1970's-1990's.  And this Arby's is no different.This place looks very old-school.  Old style logo, old-style restaurant and building with seating.  I normally don't make much note of a fast food design, but this place is decidedly retro.  Whether it was intentional, or just part of the aforementioned "time warp" effect, who can say?But people don't want to come to a restaurant review page for architecture.  They want to know how the food is.  And the food here is actually pretty decent.    As I kid, it was a highlight for me to get Arby's when we went out of town, and now having one so close to home is really nice, considering the old love for the place.I've noticed that Arby's has been changing up their selections, adding some non-roast beef selections (fish sandwich, anyone?), but their sandwich fare are generally enjoyable. The real perk for me has always been the Beef 'N' Cheddar.  I could probably eat four of those sammiches, and the food is done well here.  Not to mention the service is consistently dependable.  The staff is conversational and friendly, my orders have remained correct, and there never has been an outstandingly long line.If there's a downside, Arby's has grown increasingly expensive over the years.  Just because you're getting fast food does not mean that you're getting cheap food.  Fortunately, Arby's coupons hit my mailbox with some regularity, so it's not an issue.  Still, I do miss the days of "5 for $5".Respectable food, decent service, and somewhat pricey.  That's the Arby's experience, alright.
3	Arby's is something that I can only treat myself to every now and again because out of all the fast food places it is one of the most expensive. I went here to get one of their smoke brisket sandwiches because I love me some brisket and gouda is my favorite cheese. It was okay but I expected better. It wasn't too fresh. When I go back I'll definitely just stick to the usual beef n cheddar.
3	Don't come here if you're in a hurry because it'll take forever just to get your order in. Not sure if it's just because this location looks like an old skool Arby's, but a lot of old people come here and take forever reading the menu and deciding on what to order even after they're up at the register...I think I waited like 10 min behind them just so they could have a discussion with each other and with the cashier about different menu items, trying to figure out if you can sub different kinds of meat or bread on stuff...why not just order it the way it comes! Whatever. My order was simple and still came out before theirs.The food tastes fresh and is consistent with any other Arby's, although I don't frequent very often. I do enjoy their roast beef sandwiches and curly fries from time to time. Next time I'm not sure though if I'll pick this location...
