3	Like every other Jamba Juice I've been in, whether LA, St. Paul, Portland, Chicago, etc, everything's standardized.  Therefore, I found nothing spectacular, amazing, horrible, disgusting, or ill-inducing about the storefront, people, or product.  It's just there.This is the closest shop to me and I've visited several times, motivated mainly by trips to Arrowhead.  My threshold for service in a 'fast food' environment is about 3-5 minutes.  (I classify JJ as 'fast food' due to the expediency in product prep--not the type of product). Unfortunately, I've waited more than 3-5 minutes at this JJ several times but it's the only one I got, so I'll continue to go there until something else comes along...
3	This Jamba juice is just okay.The employees are kinda rude, well most of them.I've asked to "customize my own smoothie" and this one girl didn't even know what kind of ingredients they had, it was really annoying. I said I didn't want anything orange in my smoothie, and it ended up having orange.On top of that, it's always really loud, right when you walk in you get a "HELLLOOOO!" then another, "Hello!" "hello!" "hello!"I found the workers to be really obnoxious.I do love their smoothies though. If it wasn't for my work being not too far, I really don't think I'd go there.
3	The smoothies are as good as they've ever been, but the service only deserves an A-ok. They where appropriate & professional, but not friendly & all smiles. My stars come at a price, lol!
4	Stopped by again today to grab a quick berry workout smoothie on my LONG drive home & was greeted very courteously :)The girl making my smoothie even called me by name, which freaked me out for a second before I realized I was still wearing my badge ;DI'm adding a star for the improvement in friendly service! P.S. the smoothie was great too
2	"Can I have some fresh squeezed Lemonade blended in crushed ice?""Sure," the teen clerk says, a tad adrift because it doesn't come up on the register. She shoulders over to another co-worker to get advice."That will be $4.90," she says."What?? It's just lemonade."Her face muscles turn confused. "I'm sorry. Uh, uh, yeah."Out of principle I didn't finish the Lemonade order. Although I should have pointed out that Fresh OJ is $3.35 on the menu.I ordered a Pumpkin Smash instead. I felt OK, but I wasn't terribly happy or anything.
4	They have jamba juice out here! So happy right now!What can I say, its just like any other Jamba Juice. Service is hit or miss, depends on how busy it is. Been pleased so far! I like all their original drinks, favorites are Mango-a-go-go, Caribbean Passion, Strawberries Wild, carrot juice and the veggie fruit fusions. Don't forget to ask for your free boost! If you're dropping by for breakfast get the strawberry banana parfait (extra scoop of peanut butter for me!) so YUM.
4	Fast service consistent on the smoothies. Always busy. Staff is friendly.
5	I was very impressed with this Jamba Juice location. 1. Friendly employees2. Excellent speed of service3. Clean storeI was greeted within 1 second of entering the store, even though there was a line of customers at the register already. The employees who were working were both wearing their uniforms properly.The store was very clean - including the floors, juice, boost, and dip box areas.  I was very impressed that they got rid of their JDUs and now have circulating juice dispensers for all of their juices.There were only 2 employees working at this location, one was tending to the line of customers waiting to place their orders and the other was making the smoothies and juices.  Even though the drink tickets were quickly forming a long chain of orders hanging from the printers, the team member making the smoothies was quick and efficient.  She made and served each drink in the order in which they were placed and used proper blending and pouring techniques.  When serving the orders, she called out each customer's name.  Her speed of service was great and all of the smoothies she made were finished and served to the customers within 3 minutes of them placing the orders.  Her preparation and service of the wheatgrass juice was all done by the book.  Even though she was making all of the smoothies and wheatgrass herself (wheatgrass generally taking more time), she was only slightly over 3 minutes, which is pretty good considering she was making all of the drinks herself.I would definitely recommend this Jamba Juice location.
5	This is a great Jamba Juice. They are fast, always have enough people working, and their is enough seating. Strawberry nirvana for the win. At 16 oz, its filling enough to pass as breakfast but at about 1/3 the calories of a traditional American meal.
4	I always love jamba juiceGreat customer serviceFriendly staffDelicious smoothiesI would get one of these in place of a meal
5	Staff here is always super fast. Every time I have been here I never have to wait too long and it's great for a hot day! Their pretzels here aren't bad either!!
1	My mom and I went to this location for a morning smoothie. I remembered seeing a groupon available and I bought it waiting in line to order for 5 for $15. When I ordered the cashier rudely told us they don't participate in Groupon's and offered no apology. On the door is a whole letter explaining they aren't accepting Groupon's. They need a sign simply stating "Groupon's Not Accepted" because who is really going to read an entire letter while walking in? We spend over $17 for 3 smoothies. Plus the $15 for the Groupon. Of all the locations in the valley only 4 aren't accepting them. These locations should just be a part of the team and not give Jamaba Juice a bad name.The smoothies are just ok and the staff looks miserable in silly hats they are obviously forced to wear. I won't be coming back again. I'll take my business to a team player location even after my Groupon's are used up!!!
5	The smoothies are always delicious and the staff is excellent! All good energy and good vibes. The strawberry raspberry banana is my all time favorite.
2	Smoothies are fine. Just like any other Jamba Juice location. However, this location never honors it's Groupon deals, which needs to be fixed. Stop posting Groupons or honor them, Bell location!
2	Location & Aesthetics - Located in Peoria in a strip mall off Bell Road around the furniture store Tres Amigos.  Parking is horrible as Jamba Juice is situated next to the Panda Express and it seemed that the parking lot wasn't big enough.  I think it would pose a problem if you had a larger sized truck or SUV. (-1)Jamba Juice was small and on hot days like the day I visited, it was packed with barely enough seating to accommodate me or my party though you could opt to sit outside while you wait for your order but who wants to wait in 115 degree weather outside, right.  With it being so packed, inside can get a bit stuffy and even noisy with all their blenders going at full crunch!  I was raising my voice to the person behind the register just to place my order. (-1)Menu - Very extensive and lots of options/choices, and well laid out that I didn't have any questions and very clear to see.  Service - Staff was very friendly and knowledgeable.  Greeted us when we walked in even though the place was packed.My order - I ordered the Caribbean Passion Smoothie which was supposed to contain passion fruit, mango juice, strawberries, orange sherbet, and peaches.  Staff informed me that they were out of peaches and asked if I'd like to substitute it with another option which I did with blueberries.  I have to say the drink was cold and smooth with no bits of fruits or didn't have that grainy feel to it with some smoothies I've had before.  There was some bits of leftover fruit in the bottom of it but not enough to deter from the overall taste.  I also have to mention that I didn't seem to taste any passion fruit, strawberries, or mango as the drink advertised.  I did definitely get the orange and blueberry taste and even saw that characteristic blueberry color so I'm not sure what quantities or concentrations of fruits are added.  Is it equal proportions of each fruit, I don't know. (-1)  I don't think I'll be returning here in future for my smoothie cravings as there are many other local businesses out there vying for my attention with their innovative smoothie creations that I'd like to give a chance to.
4	The place is white, bright, and clean.  Aloha pineapple smoothie was pretty good.  It was a blend of strawberries, bananas, and pineapple sherbet.  I just did not like to keep  sucking up the chunks of strawberries.
