2	Way slow
1	Food is ok but the service SUX! Here's a tip put someone at the drive through who speaks english!!!
2	The line was fast, and considering there are 2 drive-thru's, I don't know what took them so long with these other customers that reviewed this place. The food was actually pretty crappy, although the fries were good. I probably won't go there again. You truly get what you pay for.
1	I don't know why I keep coming back to this place. Ok I know the fries are ridonculous but I've had better service at a funeral home. I seriously had to wait to place my order at the drive thru while the cashier talked to her friend. Diggity dumb. I guess if the only ppl you can find to work there are meth heads then it's expected but seriously worst service ever.
1	Not only rude but seriously, the slowest service ever!!!!!!
2	Have been to this rally's multiple times and it just gets worse each time. The food is always delicious but the service is terrible. Always takes way too long even if you're the only one there. The employees are always rude and could care less about your order. The condition of the building and parking lot is horrible. Be warned there is a giant pothole as you enter the drive thru!!
4	This place is awesome.  The service is par, but the food always tastes so amazing!  Every time I come here I have to order the super cup of the awesome  fries.  I recommend this place to everyone! My only suggestions is use the drive-through and then eat elsewhere.
1	Wish i could give no stars. Management is unprofessional, unsanitary, and rude.  Order a sandwich took a bite, order was wrong took food back spoke to manager Ana. Most disgusting health code violation. She took my sandwich which i had already bitten. Told staff open my sandwich put correct ingredients in, gave back bitten sandwich and began preparing other orders without switching gloves. Huge health code violation. DISGUSTING. Who knows how many orders she tainted with such disgusting habits. Poor Management all around.
2	Usually I'd hand this place a solid 3 stars because I do like me some Rally's fries..... But I guess they were so busy they couldn't help but keep messing up the order. A side note-carpool to this location because they have a double drive thru. If you have a passenger you can take the left lane which is always faster cause no one uses it. It's like an HOV lane for food. Ordered food for me & my employees and when I received the order it was a little light. I was missing 2 burgers & a fry. The fry was on the receipt, they just missed it but somehow they forgot to add the 2 burgers to the order, even tho she confirmed it back at the drive thru speaker. So I had to dish out some more coin and wait for them to make me some more food. Food is decent but I guess today just wasn't their day. I won't be giving up on them but I would like to see a little better customer service & speed cause thats the name of the game race fans!
1	Slowest "fast food" place I've ever been. Rude employees too. I just waited in the drive through for THIRTEEN minutes and there was only one car ahead of me! This place is freakin terrible. The food is okay, but the service is so bad I won't come back.
