4	Clean, brightly lit and busy for being in a low-visibility location. Mindy was really friendly, quick and neat. Got a single-color mani/pedi plus sugar for around $30 incl tip. Oh, and the massage chairs actually work really well. Kudos on something which seems to challenge a lot of other nail places.
4	I have visited Donna's Nails many times over the past few years and it didn't occur to me to YELP them but here I am now. :)The place is clean as a whistle which for me is imperative in a nail salon. Not that I'm terribly girly-girl but I do appreciate a good pedicure and like my piggies to look nice. :) The prices are reasonable ($18 for a basic pedicure, add $5 for French tip and it goes up from there) and the staff is super nice. Although there are some staffers who are struggling with English, for the most part, they are pretty capable of carrying on a decent conversation. I am not a fan of massage chairs so I don't really indulge in it but the ladies do a nice job massaging the legs and the hot rocks are a nice touch as well. All in all, a nice neighborhood establishment that I hope sticks around. It does get busy in the afternoons so plan your visits accordingly!
1	I used to like this place but for the past 4 months I've gone in 3 different times for an eyebrow wax and was told to come back that they're too busy. Different times of days on different days. Absolutely ridiculous and I'll take my money down to the place by Safeway.
5	I do not trust ANYONE else with waxing my eyebrows. They are so intricate and so gentle, I could almost fall asleep! Good pricing too!
2	I have been going to Donna's nails for over 2 years and I've honestly never had a bad experience besides the last 2 times. I have one of their punch cards that after 9 services you get a free mani or pedi or $18 off any other service (says that right on the card) so I was finally on my tenth so I went in for a $20 fill and when I went to use my card the young lady very rudely said "uh so are you going to get a mani or pedi too?!" Implying I couldn't use the card for my fill. So when I showed her the card where it said it could be used towards any other service for $18 off she started speaking in chinese to another nail tech and that nail tech rolled her eyes and shook her head at me. I felt so  disrespected as a loyal customer I will never go back. If they don't want to give away free services or discounts they shouldn't have a card like that, then give the customer attitude when they try to redeem it.
1	By far one of the worst experiences I've ever had. I tried to give Donnas Nails the benefit of the doubt, though the establishment was dirty with out dated equipment it's about the nail techs. I had two week old gel on my toes & hands I prefer them to be soaked off with acetone she insisted to drill them completely off my toes. It left my nails thin & rough because she didn't even buff them. She was very distracted, she forgot basic steps expected during a relaxing pedi & rushed my massage. The end result was just disappointing she left speckles of pink gel on my toes which I had to repeat to her 3 times to pay attention to it. Her response was "I don't see it" So I put my foot under the light & pointed it out. By that time I was just annoyed. I proceeded to let her work on my mani, she started drilling I asked her half way through if she had a fan & she quickly said "No." I was frustrated because my toes looked like a 3 yr old painted them & over heated so I stood up & thanked her for her unsatisfactory work & sat in front of a fan that was located only a few tables back. The owner who has an extreme ATTITUDE PROBLEM offered to fix my toes by that time I just wanted to remove it myself as I was wiping my toes clean she begins to push things around as if she was flustered, acting like a child. I will never return to this place & recommend staying away!
5	Visited on a Sunday and they are very busy on Sundays so be prepared. This is to be expected due to not many salons are open on Sundays. Well once we got started it was very nice! The equipment was very clean, and modern. I highly recommend Donna Nails & Spa to anyone who will listen. I get complemented on nice my fingers and toes look.
