5	We finally have a park in the middle of uptown! Although it is not huge but it provide a great setting for a short stroll or picnic. It looks like they are offering free events such as lunch time music series as well as free without activities. Looking forward to enjoy the new uptown addition.
5	What a great addition in Uptown! It is a well-planned park next to the future Knight's stadium. There are two main grassy areas perfect for a picnic, frisbee throwing, or reading a book. There are plans to have entertainment planned due to the way the green areas are arranged (stage areas in the front). The fountain/waterfall area is great for kids and adults alike to play in (sorry pups, not for you). I appreciate the doggie bag stations along the way so pup owners can ensure good hygiene for the park.I am thrilled to see growth in Uptown...now if they can only get retail to move up there.
4	Lovely park, and very dog friendly.  There are doggie waste bag stations and doggie drinking fountains; as a dog owner, I appreciate this.  The grounds are really nice, with lots of large lawns and multi-use spaces; I imagine the art walks and Wednesday night concerts will be very popular.  Also many benches in the smaller gardens, and an area with tables for eating lunch.  All of these spaces were well designed for public use.  Unfortunately, some parents were allowing their children to run screaming through the park, redirecting the sprinkler heads, using the sprinklers as drinking fountains, etc...so the park may  need better monitoring and rules enforcement.  But overall, it was a great place to stroll around for an hour; I will definitely be back.
4	Awesome urban park in the heart of Uptown Charlotte! Fun interactive fountains and waterfalls for the kids to play in (and bathrooms to change them when they're soaked!) and phenomenal skyline views. When the new baseball stadium opens across the street next spring, this will truly be Charlotte's 'Town Square'! A great addition to a wonderful city.
4	This will be a great new place for events, concerts, festivals, etc.The way the park is positioned provides a perfect view of the city.  I am sure this will be the location for a ton of bridal portraits in the near future!  I can only imagine that this spot will quickly become a photographer's dream!The big boulders, waterfalls, and sprinklers all give this park some character and beauty.The grassy areas were a bit on the small side so I am curious how it will look during major events but it is no doubt a great addition to Charlotte!
4	What a great addition to Uptown Charlotte. Very nice to have some green space in an urban environment. I am questioning some of the security issues that may come throughout the night, but so far so good. Will update later after a few more visits. :D
5	The park is awesome and its a great addition to uptown, a great atmosphere overall and it will be even better once the knights stadium is completed, so happy to see Charlotte growing
4	Beautiful layout & in a good location. Downtown/uptown really needed this addition. It's great for sports enthusiasts because it has the grassy areas, good for runners,  walkers & dog walkers. The waterfall part is really nice & the kids really love it!You can also get very scenic views of the Charlotte skyline, as well as the upcoming Charlotte Knights stadium.I look forward to events and entertainment here!
5	This is an incredible addition to uptown! There is plenty of green space and seating. I had the pleasure of attending the grand opening of this park. They had the mayor out and free food and drinks. It was interesting to hear the history of the park and the history of Romare Bearden. We stopped by this park Saturday evening. The rock waterfall formations are so neat and I love the interactive musical instruments. If you look online, there is information about concerts and events that are happening at the park. I look forward to many more events in the future!
4	This park is great for dogs. The main green area is the perfect amount of space to play fetch or throw a frisbee. Have water all around for the dogs. Haven't experienced late at night park visit yet, but I'm interested how they keep it safe still.
5	Gahhh, if I lived or worked in Charlotte I'd be at this spot all the time! While walking around in search of lunch, I stumbled upon this area and was excited to have found a waterfall feature with the beautiful city in the background...until I totally started freaking out over the other little details like the interactive music poles, water misters, and stepping blocks! Made me feel like a little kid. Not to mention there's a cute garden space and plenty of open field. Yep, Charlotte knows how to provide an awesome city atmosphere. Check it out when you're nearby. :)
5	Prior to my last visit to Charlotte, this park was not built. It is great! Great location and great view of the cityscape.
5	This is a great city park for Charlotte. It's very airy with plenty of unobstructed green space, some cool fountains and nice seating areas. It's also superbly located next to the upcoming Charlotte Knights field and is a great spot to hangout before the Panthers games.
4	This park was a great addition to Uptown. There's not really much that I can say that hasn't been said in previous reviews! It definitely does have some GREAT views, plenty of areas for the doggies,really great views and the waterfalls are so cool! If you're in the area, I'd definitely recommend checking it out. Oh and another bonus...after enjoying a large meal this is a great place to walk off some of the calories!
5	Definitely all about green-space here, in a fast growing city.... is hard to find.  So glad they placed this park where they did.  It's a great compliment to the new baseball stadium and a nice break from all the buildings uptown.  They went all out with spaces to sit, relax, walk, and visit (waterfall fountains), and not to forget... a great view of the uptown skyline (all in the heart of it).I remember just a couple years ago, all this park space used to be lots full of cars.  Yes, the cars and their owners probably had to find new places to park to get to work, but I would think it is a small sacrifice to have such a nice outdoor space in the city.
4	Great little green space in the heart of uptown Charlotte.  With a good mix of plants and purposeful landscaping as well as some whimsical bars that play sounds it creates a good space to spend some time on a nice sunny afternoon.Not much here for the kids other than the water fountains.  No playground or courts of any sort so keep that in mind.I imagine that now we have the baseball stadium, this park will become increasingly popular.
5	Great park to go to in uptown Charlotte if you're looking to take some nice pictures of the city skyline.  There's a wide open field, fountains, a many park benches.  Seems like a great place to hang out before and after a ball game since it's right across from the knew Knights stadium.
5	Outstanding park. Great uptown  location next to the Bb&T triple A ballpark. In its short time since opening, the quality of the events have been excellent.
4	I love this little park, it isn't big and there isn't much to it but it is right smack dab in the middle of Uptown and has great views of the surrounding buildings. There is a large grassy area for you to have a picnic or walk your dog. There are no playgrounds or anything like that but a water fountain of sorts and some benches for you to sit on. It is directly across from the baseball stadium as well.
5	Turning a parking lot into a park instead of another condo building was a brilliant move by Charlotte. This is such a fun, unique urban park. The location is perfect and the entire family will enjoy it. The sound park area is cool and the summer concerts are fun.
5	A worthy acknowledgement to a deserving native of Charlotte and a noteworty artist.A fantastic tribute in a great location of 'uptown' Charlotte across from BB&T Ballpark.Nice large green space and a great spot for meeting up for A Knights or Panthers game.
5	Perfectly located within the heart of the city. There is always something going on here rather if it's a band in the park or a couple of food trucks parked along the side streets. There is a flower garden and a water fall that changes colors. Very romantic place ! I live this park because me and Dakota walk through here at night and I feel 100% safe and surrounded by beauty.
5	Great park in the heart of uptown. Its also located right across the street from the brand new BB&T stadium where the Charlotte Knights baseball team plays. It also has a real nice water display that lights up at night to add the how great it looks. In addition, its great to have lunch here if you work uptown. There's live music here during the lunch hour and sometimes after work hours. All in all, its a great park to visit, have a picnic, listen to live music, watch fireworks....and the list goes on.Editing to Add pictures
4	Attended a performance of the Charlotte Symphony Orchestra here this past summer. Was my first time in the park. Lovely. Bathrooms are clean.  Park is well designed.
4	This is my confession: I was upset when construction on this park started because we lost a lot of really great tailgate spots for football season. Okay, I'm over it now. I'm a fan.Things you need to know:-If you think it's a place to take your kid to keep them occupied for hours, you better bring something to keep them busy. It's just a plain 'ol green park. I like to play kickball. Aunt Nikki wins all the awards.-It's a gorgeous spot to take pictures... day or night. This park has really cool lights when the sun goes down.-Great area to have lunch. Need a place to park on the week day? There are meters just across the street on Poplar. If you don't have change, you can download and app and pay by credit card. Super simple. Ton of great food options around the park. -Be wary of "festivals" and what not you may see advertised. I'm not telling you not go to these events, but just warning that you may be disappointed. Some are better than others. I've been by a few where I've scratched my head and said, "um, this is a festival?"-The symphony events are really cool here. Be on the lookout on the calendar. -There are bathrooms. This may be my favorite part. Why? Because my good friend Vijay's football tailgate is set up right across the street.
