5	i'm in love!i don't even know where to start. from the lovely lady to the oh so good chocolate to the art gallery like boutique to the world tour your taste buds will undertake. this place is all about cocoa, in its purest of form. this is not the chocolate confections we all know and love. they only offer chocolate bars imported directly from the maker.miss choco will tell you about the origin of the chocolate, the region where the beans come from, the different taste of the beans, etc. and then, sampling time. you'll get to taste different chocolates from various regions but within the same country to be able to compare them. imagine dark chocolate (70% and up) tasting citrusy with a hint of sweetness and barely any bitterness to it. and then, you look at the ingredients and realize like wha...?!?of course, you'll find chocolate that has more than just cocoa, cocoa butter and sugar but the plain vanilla ones that give different notes, they're worth the price of admission. price is fair, about $8 for 100g or $3 for 25g depending on the brand (the ones i got)i got to sample some of the marou brand (chocolate maker from vietnam) and it was love at first bite. it's like the door to the whole chocolate world opened and i was invited to the party.outside of some chocolate sampling, you are welcome, almost literally, with a shot of cocoa bean infusion. think tea but with cocoa beans. frankly, that's ingenious.besides chocolate bars, they have cocoa nibs from all over the world, there's coffee, hot chocolate (with milk or the shot which is all chocolate) and the cocoa bean infusion. 3 tables by the entrance and one window counter make up the space as well as a wooden bench outside.i discovered a new world of chocolate/cocoa that i never really paid attention to and i'm glad i did. i don't have to tell you that i'll be going back over and overps. heard about the place a while ago but completely forgot about it. thanks to the yelper (you know who you are) for checking-in and to the ladies from farfelu for selling me on the place
4	Location: On Mont-Royal, a few blocks away from the subway. Street parking is available but good luck with that. The place: Miss Choco offers up a lovely space with wood floors and very minimal decor - just the way I like it! Very clean, very spacious, great lighting and no clutter on the shelves whatsoever. Everything is broken out by country (I think). There are a few tables at the front of the shop where you can enjoy a hot chocolate.The goods: Well, I think the name states the obvious - these guys specialize in chocolate from around the globe. So, you'll find stuff from Vietnam, Mexico and yes, even Toronto. The best part? You can sample EVERYTHING. YAY! After a few samples, I decided to go with a Vietnamese bar (I forget the name, of course), a Raaka Vanilla Rooibos (a US company who sources cacao beans for this bar in Bolivia and the Dominican Republic) bar and a small piece of chocolate from Soma (Toronto). I tried the Soma and it's amazing - you have to like bitterness, however. Lastly, I tried the 'chocolat chaud intense' which is essentially a shot of hot chocolate served with whipped cream. That sh*t is potent, yo! Absolutely delicious, but a bit rich. I love chocolate but couldn't finish my glass. And it wasn't even that big! Service: Fantastic! The clerk that I spoke to was super knowledgeable about each brand of chocolate that they carry, had me sample things based on my preferences, and answered my questions. He was patient and not in a hurry at all. Great customer service. Price point: Spendy!
5	WHoa this place is amazing! Thanks to Karine S for introducing me, after enjoying a crazy hot chocolate there yesterday I was in a ridiculously good mood for hours. Miss Choco specializes in what they call 'bean to bar' chocolate makers. The chocolates they sell are almost all made by people who live near the cocoa farms, buy directly from the farmers, and then do 100% of the processing on their own. These chocolates are a labour of pure love and you can taste it. Wildly rich, clean, crazy good. If you are a chocolate lover you must go try their hot chocolates, and their cocoa bean infusion which is like a tea that smells like your best dreams. And then buy one or two of their gorgeous bars. This place is where I'll go from now on whenever I need a show stopping gift, or a smile to last hours, or just the smell and taste of my best dreams to wash back over me. The young couple that own this spot are earnest and smart and great, I wish them chocolatey mountains of success in this super sweet endeavor!
4	They specialize in producing chocolate directly from the actual cocoa beans, what they call "bean to bar". They also sell several types of different (artisan) chocolate and serve some real hot chocolate (this is much more than chocolate powder on milk) on their store.
4	Now that winter is around the corner, I can't wait to see what the hot chocolate at Miss Choco is like. I last stopped by in the summertime, and was intrigued by their cold offerings. They had a (pricey) cold chocolate, and also a (slightly less pricey) cocoa infusion. Curious about the "infusion" (and feeling a little cheap), I went for the unknown. The server asked me if I knew what I was getting myself into, and offered a sample cup of the infusion to try. I don't know what I had been imagining, but what I got was a cocoa bean-flavored iced tisane. Aha, right...infusion...I went for the cold chocolate instead, and it was smooth and delicious. The decor is charming, adorned with chocolate bars and maps, with a bit of an old-colonial-empire feeling, but not so much as to be over the top. It's a welcome addition to the Mont-Royal metro area, if a bit hidden and rather spendy.
5	Had the classic hot chocolate with milk, so good I bought a kg to make it for our Christmas party. Hands down the most delicious mug of hot choc in recent memory. Staff is very friendly and knows their product.
4	Lots of selectoins of Chocolate Chaud (hot chocolate) drinks, which you can select by the intensity 65%, 70% and the origin (Dominican, Peruvian...) of the chocolates.
