2	I always thought this was a smaller version of Sam's Club or Costco, intended for vendors to buy wholesale. This is located in the WalMart shopping center and on the 2 occassions I went there nothing was cheap. The stuff I was looking for cost more than going across the parking lot to Walmart and buying the same stuff in smaller quantities. Its a very small store which looks alot like Sams Club inside without having to be a member or whatever. They have wide aisles and cart at the ready but they just dont have much for less.
4	If you need stupidly huge bags of chicken wings or other food items without a membership card or high prices, this is your place.My last visit to Smart & Final stood out to me due to a certain group of people in the store that day.  I knew when I saw that glittery "3 DIVAZ" license plate in the store's parking lot, this was going to be a day where an ordinary experience turned magical.  And it didn't take long to figure out the car owners, because they brought "The Sass" (TM).(I'm a notorious people watcher, by the way, and Vegas does keep it amusing.)Triplicate girls with attitude aside, you can find all sorts of things in here that you normally can't get in other grocery stores.  I'm not kidding when I say that if you're on a budget and need to feed some people, you can get plentiful goods for decent prices.What tickles my particular fancy?  Mexican Coca-Cola.  You know, the soda that actually has real sugar in it.  I can't find it anywhere else, and they sell cases of it here without the need of a passport or small children trying to sell you chicle.  I felt like I discovered a rare treasure the first time I stumbled across this holy beverage, and as a result, my garage is full of them.The only problem is that the concept of "great deal" means you end up spending more than you would under more rational circumstances, and the store doesn't have everything, but it's good for bulk trips.Fun (as far as a grocery store can be, anyway) for finding some rare food item that you normally won't find in other stores.
4	There are times in your life where you think something happens only once in a lifetime, like seeing a yeti, or Halley's Comet, or in my case, seeing the "3 DIVAZ" license plate in my local Smart & Final parking lot.Friends, I am here to preach that lightning struck twice last night.  The triad was in full effect, and it was like holding a rainbow in your hand.  A sassy rainbow.Grocery experience is still the same: Lots of food for reasonable prices.  I still probably need to pick up some Mexican Coca-Colas as my supply is running low.
4	This is actually for 4.5 stars.Stopped in last week to get some produce on sale, like strawberries for $1.99 for a pound, and a bag of cuties for $3.49. This one, located in the Wal-Mart shopping center, is much nicer than the Tropicana store; like a brighter, cleaner, shinier version- hence the edge in stars for my review. I came here for specific items (sale items) plus we had just shopped at Wal-Mart too. But not as much as the Tropicana location (convenient to my workplace and on the way home). The frozen selections (low fat meals) were slightly higher than Smith's pricing. Nice setup, clean store, few shoppers, and speedy checkout.
4	I shop at this store monthly, and have been for years to buy my cases of Arrowhead water. You can't beat the price for a case of 32 bottles of water. Yesterday I went to stock up for the month and bought 6 cases which happened to be on sale, 2 for $9. Yes $4.50 for 32 bottles of good water. Hell yeah.The service is great and always friendly and helpful. They always offer to help me take my waters to my car and load them for me. I always do it myself, I say I got them in the basket I can get them out, lol. They always get a kick out of me. A few of the employees remember me and always make it a point to greet me, but then again can you blame them? lololol Just teasing! This review is limited as that is the only reason I shop at this store is for my bottled water in which I use for everything.
4	A smaller Costco.  Smart and Final has pretty much everything you need.  From utensils to fruit to cereal, drinks, and cooking supplies.  Not everything is in bulk, but its a lot cheaper then Costco.  My favorite item they carry is the Ms. Mays nutty mix!  So good and its gluten free!  I love the Smart and Final on Charleston.  The staff is so friendly and are always helping me out.  I shop at Smart and Final for the work crafty and we are filling up two carts sometimes.  They know who we are, what we do and they let us take over the store half the time. Always are willing to help us shop and load the cart! The store is extremely clean, always well stocked.  I always sneak in buying a few of my own personal items, like celery, which is usually under a dollar for a stalk and the cucumbers which are usually under $.50 a piece.  At a regular grocery store, they are so much more expensive!  I
4	Like a little sam's club but less crowded and more options to buy things. Like a grocery store/costco in one! Love this store
5	I am really happy that I found this place!! Picture Sam's Club or Costco... But slightly smaller & without a membership fee. I found almost everything I needed for a banquet I was working. They have a TON of supplies for bars. I even found the mini-straws I wanted for short 4oz drinks. I really enjoyed shopping here and they have a super simple return policy. The staff was friendly and I found the parking lot empty. I look forward to shopping here from now on!!
3	Ok, I guess. Near a WalMart so is largely ignored, but, worth a try if you have the time. Ok staff, high beer and liquor prices compared to WalMart near by. Messy and unkempt floors. Had a smell around Meats section when I've visited.
