1	They called to tell me that I did not win the car I had entered a contest for. Instead I won 3 free nights and days at the Luxor or Excalibur hotel. Course the catcher? I'd have to give them $124 on my credit card as a sign of good faith. No thanks. Also I'd be required to do a tour of their resort, where they'd lure me into buying a time share. Me thinks not. I'm kinda annoyed that me entering a contest to win a car at the Luxor meant that they would take my info and call and try to lure me into a time share. Its not a scam its just annoying. You have to say no. Repeatedly. Damn you Luxor! Damn you Cris Angel!
1	I don't know how they work. When you sign up they say that it can be cancelled anytime and you get the money back, and now they say that since I did not avail the offer as they did not have any rooms available on weekends, I lose the money.
1	Stay away from them. they lure you to buy their voucher. you think you get to stay in plazzo or venetian for very good price. When you call them to book your vacation, they ask you if you have read their terms and conditions carefully. They want you to attend a mandatory time share to be eligible for vacation package. It is just a nuisance to do all that stuff. Of course they don't tell you those things when they are selling you these vouchers. Bunch of cons
1	Like most, I came to the conclusion they are a dishonest s$@$show.  Do not think about doing business with them.
1	If i could give it a 0 star i would have. Awful ppl don't do business with them. They will persistently try to sell u time shares at an inflated annual percentage for dumb free show tickets. Even after u say no they keep on pressuring u to buy.
5	Anything good comes at a price that would involve spending money or time, but the BEST THINGS COME FREE. My wife and I went to Las Vegas for the 2013 New Year celebration when we signed up for their timeshare presentation. The signup incentive was complimentary 2 weekend nights OR 3 week nights stay in either the Venetian or the Palazzo hotel. During the signup we were asked to deposit $249 which would be returned after the presentation and our stay was over. Initially we were a bit skeptical but in the past I have done similar presentations in Hawaii, so decided to take the chance.  For our anniversary we felt why not go to Vegas and use the complimentary stay provided by Grandview, but we knew we should keep a day aside for the presentation as this was the price we had to pay to save money. Our anniversary was coming on a weekend but there were no openings on that day so we booked for 3 nights earlier that week and decided we would pay money and stay in some other good hotel over the weekend to celebrate our anniversary. This way we would get the feel of staying in different hotels and compare. We decided to choose the Palazzo hotel over Venetian and made our booking and were scheduled to arrive on a Tuesday. We told the presentation would be setup on Wednesday or a Thursday  that week depending on availability. On the Tuesday we arrived at Las Vegas went to their welcome center to collect the voucher for staying at Palazzo hotel. We filled all our particulars and guess what to our surprise the agent said all presentation slots are booked for the rest of the week so he said he would waive the condition for us to attend the presentation, plus he said after our stay we would be refunded the $249 we had paid while signing up. So we ended up staying at the Palazzo without spending the room fees or spending time attending the presentation, so for most part our stay was FREE. Only thing we had to pay was the resort fee that came up to $85, which less than half the price for one night's stay in a hotel like Palazzo.  OK our stay was not entirely free in the strict sense as we had to spend $85, but this very small amount to pay for what we got and no wastage of time watching presentation that can be a nightmare for many people. The room was awesome and the view was great. The Palazzo staff is very curious too. After this we stayed at Mandalay Bay to celebrate our anniversary. And yes after I returned from my trip I checked my bank account and the $249 was credited back. So keep your fingers crossed if you are signing up, hope for the best but be prepared for the worst. Looking at other reviews it gives me an impression either I have been very lucky to have a good experience with Grandview or people with positive experience are not providing any feedback. Like "they" always say, give the "devil" its due, so thank you "Grandview".
4	"Read the fine print" is the moral of the story here. I did and it actually worked out well. I was staying at the Venetian in Vegas, and got chatted up by the kiosk workers for Grandview marketing for a vacation comeback. I heard the pitch, understood I was going to have to redeem on THEIR AVAILABILITY (read: weekends are booked), and attend a long, boring, high pressure sales pitch for timeshares. They hold $249 and credit it back 7-10 days after I'm gone. Also make sure you specify single/cohabiting/married when you book because you will have to bring your partner with you if you say cohab/married.I called a few months later and redeemed the vacation for a few weeknights fully expecting to burn half a day at the pitch. When I arrived and checked in at the Timeshare desk, they said the tour was overbooked & I was free to go!They gave me vouchers, I checked in to the Venetian, stayed 3 nights and paid my resort fee + taxes (like $120 total) and that's that. Haven't gotten my $249 back yet, but it's only been a few days. Overall not a bad deal...maybe I got lucky (certainly wasn't lucky at the tables) with the tour being overbooked, but I had a great time.Only downside is be prepared to book a Sun-Tuesday checkin as weekend slots are virtually non-existent.Not free, but cheap as you can stay at the Venetian without gambling 10k/hour.
1	This place was horrid, what was to be 2-3 hrs was 5-6hrs & when you're on vacation, time is of the essence. We had a sales guy who understood that we had to get going after breakfast, could we please look at place and go? He said "too bad, there are procedures to follow and you have to expect this". We explained that we had family event, still nothing. He had us sitting to meet his manager, said he would try to hurry it along. My daughter went near them & listened, they were discussing sports! He knew we were in a hurry and purposefully delayed us. When I refused to shake the manager's hand - he called ME rude & the salesguy said "Well you aren't buying anyway, so whatever" - um, I had enough money to buy a suite OUTRIGHT, but they were suck dicks that I would NEVER recommend dealing with them, nevermind buying anything from them. BAD BAD BAD!
1	I have to give them one star in order to review them?  I have never met a more unprofessional company in my life.  You are not getting anything free from these people.  It's a timeshare scam and nothing more, read the other reviews  A timeshare is the worst "investment" you could possibly do.  I have a store near where they post up and hear nothing but complaints from customers.  If you have a problem, don't expect any of their managers to do anything.  Dave and Bob purposely visit this location when they know myself and my managers won't be there to yell at them for always messing with my customers.  They're cowards.  One of their employees stalked one of my female employees all around the resort and this wasn't their problem and even kept scheduling this person even after my landlords told them he was not allowed on property.  I wouldn't even hire them to clean dog poop off my lawn.  Only one good review should tell you everything you need to know.
1	This was one of the worst experiences.How did this happen ?We were sitting at the LVH Casino and Resort. In the evening when we got back to the room, we found and add slipped trough under the door that promised gifts, cash and casino credits for 2 hours of our time in which we would have to listen to a presentation. The header of the add stated: "This is not a timeshare presentation"Okay, so we called the the phone number listed there.We ended up being picked up on time, by a nice person and delivered to the Cosmopolitan Casino. There we were asked to show our ID's and a credit card.I did not mind that, and they did not write anything down. This was just for them to see who they the customers were.Now, it starts to suck: we were told that this is a 2-5 hour presentation about a new casino, and we were asked to chose the gifts (compensation for our time).None of the options given for compensation were what we were initially promised.This is where I hold myself at fault, because i kept believing this people.There we were given a limo ride to the Grand-View resorts.There we had to sit in for 6 hours and listen to a very persuasive timeshare presentation, and we were really uncomfortable saying "No" when we were asked if we want to purchase a timeshare.Anyways, this timeshare eventually ended, and we were asked to chose 1 out of 2 gifts that were never presented or offered to us before.We chose one.We were told that the limo driver will only drop us off back on the strip at The Mirage Casino, which had nothing to do with where we were picked up.We ended up on the other side of the strip at 10pm, super tired, with some scam useless coupons, that worth nothing. We rented a cab to take us to our hotel: The LVH, and that's how we were scamed for 3/4 of a day in Vegas. Will never go to any promo again.
1	Went for one of their timeshare presentations today. We were told that we were just going to check out the property for no more than an hour and a half, that a nice breakfast was included, and that we would be back at the hotel by noon. Above all, they promised that there would be no pressure to buy anything, and that it was just a friendly tour to promote their new property. I should not have let myself get suckered in.Five hours later, we found ourselves still sitting in their waiting room, waiting for our "gifts". This, of course, is after being endlessly, uncomfortably pressured into buying a timeshare that we said multiple times that we were not interested in. Our tour guide was polite and understanding, but we were still pressured over and over again, told that we were missing out on a great deal. We were also promised a ride back to the hotel in a private limo, and were instead sent home in a bus.It's now 5PM and we've just gotten back to our hotel, after leaving at 10AM. We went to exchange our vouchers for our show tickets. When I asked where the seats were located, the lady who signed us up for this terrible experience promised that the seats were toward the middle, in the green section. Our tickets are for the blue section, all the way up in the back and to the side of the stage.Do not fall for this. It is a complete waste of time. Go to tix4tonight - they'll get you better seats and you won't have to waste the last day of your vacation being bullied into buying a timeshare!
1	Waste of time do not spend your time with these people or this place.  Was promised show tickets that didn't exist because they where sold out somehow but was told they were available before we took the ride to the location.  Property was horrible looked like a hospital entrance.
1	BEWARE! BEWARE! BEWARE! of TimeshareI can't stress enough on avoiding these so called freebies. Last Saturday, 12/6/14 we were enticed with free tickets and a chance to win 125K if we entered their (Granview Resort) drawing at one of the hotel in Las Vegas. Being the first time here we were happy and didn't mind the 90 minute tour we had to go to in order to win these free tickets. The next day Sunday we left at the hotel at 2:45 and were picked up by their shuttle. They took us to their Grandview Resort location which is approximately 20 minutes away. A number of couples were waiting in the room and we were picked up by one of their sales person. She escorted us to this room where we had to listen to an hour plus presentation. They tried to present us the materials of how timeshare could save us money overtime due to inflation. An example he uses was gasoline how it's gotten up to 3-4 dollars now. They did all the calculation to try to lure you into signing up with their timeshare. Btw, the first thing the presenter told us was this is not a pressure sale gimmick. Ha! He lied through his teeth.After he got done with his presentation I thought they'd given us the voucher and we can leave. Nothing was further from the truth. The sales person took us upstairs and showed us how Vegas strip has grown in such a short amount of time. How being a timeshare at Grandview can be very beneficial. She told us her life's story. Then she took us to this big room where she presented us with the pricing for the timeshare. At first she said it's going to be 27K for one week and we told her this is something we need to think about first. She kept pressing us telling us we need to decide NOW. We refused and she ran off to grab her supervisor. The guy pressured us and he went down to 17K with two extra weeks. We thought this was a nice deal. We needed to put a down payment of 2300 and as soon as I pulled my credit card out the supervisor grabbed it and processed right away. Passed 7pm and we're still stuck here. It seems like they wouldn't let you go if you don't give in. They dropped us off in a limo after we purchased the timeshare. After we got back we went to the show and we went online to do more research. I didn't have a good feeling about this at all. After thorough research we looked through our paperwork to cancel the timeshare right away. The next day I sent out their Notice of Cancellation form certified mail. In Nevada you only have 5 days to rescind to get out of it clean.OMG this was a huge lesson learn. The two free tickets are not worth are the headache and pain. Don't get pressured or tricked into buying their timeshare. You will save yourself a lot of time!!
1	This was terrible!Walking into the Excalibur late on Friday night the 19th of December. After a 5 1/2 hour drive i was ready to just get in and situated. A gentleman who I assumed worked for the casino ask my husband and I if we would like hotel vouchers. Of course thinking " stupid virgin newbies " they were there to help us. They gave us the oh get free tickets and money and so forth. I made the mistake of using the restroom while they spoke to my husband. I come back and he is filling out a form and saying we need to pay them $50.00.The girls who are selling us flat out said ..... just go listen to it, tell them no your not interested and you will be on your way. We checked in at 9:45 the next morning thinking its Vegas there is nothing to do in the morning. We took a shuttle with 6 other people to the Grand View hotel which is about 15-20 minutes away. You are sardine d into a waiting area with 50 + other poor sucker souls. Greeted by your sales person and are shown to coffee/juice and pastries. We spent about an hour or so watching a video and listening to their up-sale. After that they take you to another room and around the property. It was intriguing of course but at the same time I don't vacation every year. I am a working class gal who has to save a year or two for a long fun filled week of fun. So we get back to the sales floor and I finally told them that I wanted the bottom line and what is the cost.... At first only $29,999 with $3400 down today... are you freaking kidding me! Then we came down to $27,000 with $1400.00 down today..... I told the guy flat out regardless of how much I find this interesting there will be no money coming out of my pocket today. Its the week of CHRISTmas and you want me to give you cash or credit card at this very moment. Then the manager "closer" came over. Very aggressive man. Spoke in slang and was not very professional. I couldn't even understand him except he was still continuing to ask for $1400.00. Today!So he finally got the hint we weren't budging so he said they would go ahead and let us go.... Needless to say we had already been there for 3 1/2 hours. Our salesman was actually so rude in the end and said that he gets so fu$%$ing annoyed by people like us..... I couldn't believe it. We go downstairs to the power closers who work for corporate and have better deals of course. So then we got it down to $200 down and $103 per month for $5000 total..Nope!!! Spoke with several people in the lobby waiting for our vouchers and everyone was given a different price. There was nothing across the board that was the same. We did however get our vouchers. 2 tickets to Carrot Top ( which was almost sold out when we went to go turn our vouchers into tickets, they only had 4 seats left that night) They did give us $25 voucher for the Excalibur buffet and didn't tell us the buffet was being renovated and then $20.00 cash. All in all this is very stressful and annoying to go through. If you can sit there and not allow high pressure sales people to get to you then by all means get some free shit. But because we were there for so long (5 hours in all) and all it did was raise by blood pressure. TIP: These guys bother you in the lobby all you have to do is give them " thumbs up" and they will leave you alone.
