5	Dr. Stevens is a fantastic surgeon.  He has performed over 400 spinal surgeries and came highly recommended by volunteers and staff at Scottsdale Healthcare - Dr. Stevens corrected my 62 degree scoliosis curve.  The surgery was further complicated by the fact that I had severe osteoporosis in my lumbar spine.  If Dr. Stevens was not as experienced and knowledgeable as he is, my surgery would not have succeeded.  Don't let his confident manner scare you away.  He is the best!
1	What's your opinion of an MD who wears a three piece suit?  When I see a doctor wearing a three piece suit, the first thing that comes to my mind is, why is he wearing a suit?  Did he wear a suit to class in med school?  Did he wear a suit doing rounds during residency?  I know lawyers and investment bankers wear suits, but doctors?  I want to see my doctor in  a white coat.   Who wears a suit if they don't have to?  Am I obsessed with what people wear?  Not normally, but when an MD dresses in a suit, then I can't stop wondering why...  You get the picture.  To me, there's something not right about a doctor under the age of seventy wearing a suit.  I could spend this review just commenting about workplace attire, but I need to move on.Dr Stevens performs surgery at HIS surgery center - YIKES!   I hate doctors who have a business in addition to their practice.  They see patients in the office, they do surgery at THEIR surgery center. There's a conflict of interest here:  is it possible that patients who may not need surgery are scheduled for a procedure to pay for all that expensive equipment.  I HATE INCORPORATED DOCTORS!! The Gucci loafers.  The conferences in New York, Anaheim, Orlando, Miami, etc.  Making $200K  from a regular practice isn't enough?  Are you a doctor or a businessman?   What's more important:  helping the sick or your bottom line (like I want a new boat that costs $260,000 and the down payment is $26,000 so I need to get 23 surgeries done in the next 3 weeks to get that payment together).  If I want you to do my surgery at the Mayo Clinic is this possible?   I want to have surgery at a hospital.  Because, let's say something goes wrong.  Drastically wrong, like I stop breathing.  When this happens in a hospital they call code blue and every available doctor and nurse runs as fast as they can and does their best to get you breathing again.  In a surgery center there may not be any other doctors and there may not even be a nurse.  People die in surgery centers.    When I hear surgery center, I think of people getting liposuction and dying from blood loss in the recovery room because the doctor left and no trained medical staff are available.  Dr Stevens is arrogant:   i was extremely ill when I had a consultation with him. I had quite a few questions to ask about my situation.  Dr. Stevens kept writing and wouldn't look me in the eye when he deigned to answer my questions.  He kept looking at his notepad.  Damn it:  stop writing, lift up your head and look at me when I'm talking to you.  While I'm in the middle of this, it began to hit me that this was not the doctor for me.  I'm paying for the consultation, I could barely walk, it was June - so it was HOT outside.  I was exhausted, had been out of work for several weeks.  Was facing back surgery and trying to find a surgeon. He said he does the procedure i need all the time.  Maybe that was true, but he would NOT be doing this on me. As I was walking to the garage so I could collapse in my car, I was almost ready to give up.  I knew I had to go home, get on the internet and find a doctor that I liked.   I ended up  going with  Dr. Mark Lyons, a neurosurgeon at the Mayo Clinic.
2	This is not for Dr. Stevens, but for the center's billing policies and staff.I called to schedule an appointment for surgery but was told I needed another appointment before then. No problem, just schedule me for another appointment.Not so fast. You have a $22.00 outstanding balance on your account. No problem, can I pay it when I show for the next appointment? No, we're sorry, we cannot schedule you for an appointment with an outstanding balance EVEN after checking with our billing supervisor.Really? If I didn't like Dr. Stevens so much, I would have switched to another facility. It's $22 people. Think customer service.
