5	I almost did backflips when Human Resources told me that my health insurance covered Mayo Clinic.HR - So do you want to select the option for Mayo Clinic?  it's standard with your HMO. Me - Um, let me think about it for a while.....uh, YES!?!?!  Do you even need to ask?HR - Most people choose not to because it's so far.Me - Well I don't care, I think my health is worth the drive.So there ya have it.  Shazam.  I have been seeing my primary care physician and some specialists there for nearly two years now.  Yes, it's damn near in Fountain Hills - about 40 minutes from home and about a 1 hour drive from work.  I'm certain I must drive past five thousand other doctors on my way to Mayo Clinic.  But this shit is worth the drive.  I love my doctors here.  I love the courteous customer service and professional bedside manner.  I love the promptness of the clinic.   I love the easy to read/understand patient handouts/brochures.  I love the gorgeous selection of kachinas on display in the lobby.  I love walking past and sighing at the piano player's music.  I love that they have good magazines to read and not shitty ones.  I love feeling like the youngest person in the world here.  I love the beautiful desert landscaped campus and architecture.  I even love the curly-cue ramps going into the underground parking structure.But best of all I love that I pay $5 to be treated by one of the highest-rated hospitals/clinics in the nation.  I heart you Mayo Clinic... let's get married.
4	Signing up for AZ gov't health insurance and my other benefits for my job was a total "Sicko/The Office" mashup, but I was so surprised when the random doctor I called from my insurance website was at the Mayo Clinic!  It took me another 6-8 weeks to get hooked up with a Resident (it would have taken me 2-3 months to get a "real" doctor), but the wait was well worth it.My first two visits have been well worth the $10 copayments.  This is the first time that I've had great, intelligent, and LENGTHY conversations with doctors and nurses about health issues.  None of those 2 hours in the waiting room for 5 minutes of bothering the doctor with your problems.  However, it is interesting that most of the clients are elder folks from other places, and I'm not talking about Sun City.  So many clients seem to be from other states with such fantastic medical issues in need of treatment that I feel like the staff looks at me funny when I tell them "I'm a local, here for a general checkup."However, no 5 stars for you, since you still made me wait a long time to get me into the system.  Furthermore, how come my insurance does not cover MENTAL health issues with you guys?  Yeah, I know that's a complaint for Schaller Anderson.
3	It seems unlikely that this place could have a lower than 5 star rating,  but stuff happens. I came to Mayo specially from out of state, in the hopes that the doctors would all be 1. extra caring in terms of their bedside manner 2. ready to talk to preceding docs after each evaluation if they felt it was necessary 3. willing and able to WANT to do tests and present ideas that other people had not already presented.Now, I'm not saying that every doc was not like that, but I'm going to go with my small sample and say 50% of them were not any better, imho, than an ok doc you meet anywhere else.What else  I found on my particular visits (and there were a giant battery of visits and tests over the course of an entire week) was that these folks did not behave a whole lot differently than docs I'd seen back where I'm from in Austin. That is to say; most of them who were specialists did not want to even speculate much on anything outside their specialty, even if it was not something totally off the wall, and I did not get the feeling that any of the doctors had read much of what the previous docs had written until the moment I showed up in their offices.True, time is a limiting factor, and they probably want to help as many people as possible.. .this is not to say they herded me quickly out of my appointments without listening. But it sure seemed like a couple docs, particularly the 'intake' doctor I had - who is supposed to coordinate all your care like a good primary care doc might - were not the better listeners I had hoped for. In fact she made me want to slap her in the first two minutes I spoke to her. Apparently in this place Dr. House is a woman. (And I generally prefer female docs).What the Mayo Clinic here does extremely well, though, is: 1. get you tested in the lab, and fast. Generally none of this "drive elsewhere and get it processed and we'll have results in a week". Plus they do have a bunch of gadgets for testing stuff they do not have elsewhere.2. get you appointments with (most) types of docs, in the building. If you need a super specialty (like say, hematology or oncology) those can take longer to get. Some departments also have a 'standby' option where you can elect to sit around all day until they can squeeze you in or somebody cancels.I really, really liked the integrative medicine department. People who consider everything about how you live your life and how this might affect your health seem like the perfect folks to do the coordinating of incoming patients (although they might disagree).Oh, hey Mayo administrators. I realize you want everything to look a certain way, but not color coding the floors (or at least the floor numbers) has got to get people with a lot less mental faculty going on than me, realllllllly confused. So, in short: you need a whole bunch of labwork done really quickly? This clinic is your place. But if you're counting on understanding M.D.'s all over the building, you are still not in the right neck of the woods.
2	Mayo charges three times as much as other providers but doesn't give better service.  Appointments for physicals must be made months in advance.  When you have a problem, they'll look for any excuse to call it a wellness visit and put you off for weeks.  Communication has been a real problem.  Things the doctor found during my physical, he didn't tell me about.  He instead left it to the people who later performed the tests that turned out negative to tell me that there could have been a problem.   Doctors and staff have on several occasions refused to tell me why additional tests were ordered, and I even caught one nurse in a fib when she said she did not know why a test was ordered.  Supposedly important tests can't be scheduled for weeks.  Most insurance companies won't accept Mayo because they do charge about three times as much as everyone else.  Paying more is not a problem if you get more.  It becomes a real problem when you find out you could have paid a fraction of the price for the same thing.
4	No one really wants to listen to people gripe about their, or in this case, their family's health problems do they?  I'll keep this one brief, Mayo of Scottsdale is an INSTITUTION.  It really doesn't matter what ails you, they'll have a cure, or will point you in the direction of someone that will...Mayo, my hat's off to you...
5	Everyone I came in contact with whether on the phone or in person was very nice and thorough and helpful. I was there for an MRI and neurosurgery visit, traveling from several states away. Everything was so well organized. I hardly had to wait for anything/anyone. No crowds...no paperwork (done ahead of time and faxed in)...no rudeness. Even the MRI tech was extremely more helpful/professional than I've ever come in contact with (I've had numerous mris). The neurosurgeon, Naresh Patel, was friendly, thorough, patient, and real. I don't see how you could find a better place to be. Go. Now.
4	Best experience! so far in AZ for 8 years and it is the only place here that I get the best compassionate care and I really love my nurses at the endocrinology dept.. They really made a difference helping me with my diabetes (type 1 for 21 years). When I leave AZ, it won't be the same without they care and patience!
1	IN a previous post, someone mentioned how Mayo could possibly get less than 5 stars.  I'm rolling my eyes at you.Let's start with their completely inept administrative staff.  Not only did they completely mess my appointment up, they made no effort to fix this problem and the blame was put on me, "I'm sure you can understand," muttered one lady.I also didn't appreciate the little looks of disbelief as to why the thought of fasting for another night in preparation of lab tests might not sound so enticing, the 40- mile drive to the clinic for said tests and appointment,  and then the rearranging of one's schedule in order to accommodate their mess up? The Dr.  Wow. I don't think I've ever had a FASTER appointment. It takes an oil change at jiffy lube longer.  He reviewed my existing lab results, looked over a few things, and then proceeded to tell me that I should be fine. NOT ONCE did he ask me how I felt, symptoms, etc. THe entire appointment took 10 minutes. I wonder how much a ten minute appointment will cost my insurance company?NOT to mention the wayfinding in this hospital. Wayfinding is the process in which different methods are used to help those visiting your facility find their way. MAYO CLINIC has so many different levels, escalators and arrows it makes it impossible to find your way to the different levels. MAYO is nothing but a sham.A big corporate scam that is preying on the laurels of medicare.
5	My Mom has been at the Mayo clinic for 5 days now.  The chair of Cardiothoracic Surgery is her surgeon.  Each nurse that has tended to Mom has been extremely friendly and informative.  Her cardiologist and surgeon from Scottsdale Memorial stopped by later in the week just to check up on Mom and talk to us about her progression.  Thanks to Nurse Practitioner Karey at Mayo Clinic. She normally works 2 days a week, and is going to be working for another 3 days this week. She requested overtime just so she could be here to care for Mom. She has been phenomenal, just like the rest of the staff.
5	Bar none, the best medical care in the world.  I have been a patient of the Mayo Clinic since December of 2009 and in my attempt to lose weight I joined consulted with their Bariatric team.  Over the last ten months, they have helped me lose weight both before and after surgery, and I am now down almost 100 pounds in total with more every day.In reading the other reviews, I think there are some elements missing.  First, if your biggest complaint is that the buildings are confusing and there are too many arrows, then you really do not want to ever travel and see some of the worlds airports.  : )  Second, since every patient is different and we all have different needs, your treatments and outcomes will vary.  My experience was that every single professional at the Mayo truly lived up to their mission statement of putting the patients' needs first.  The Hospital care regarding my surgery was first rate and caring.  The follow-up and support have been incredible.  I would whole-heartedly recommend the Mayo Clinic to anyone and everyone.
5	So far this has been the most impressive medical experience I have ever had. Though it seems that you are just a piece going down the production line, there is little room for error. Everything is so precise that it just runs like clockwork. Everyone has such a positive outlook and it is such a different warmer feeling environment. Upon meeting my physician yesterday, I was shocked that I didn't have to cold into a cold room and wait for him, I was brought into a room where the Dr. was waiting for me. The room had a sofa and it was such a comfortable experience. He spent an hour going over my medical history and then made the plan of what is to happen. Then I went to wait for the scheduling department to plan my itinerary. Very pleasant experience.
5	So...I have been back to Mayo twice since my initial visit. The first procedure went well, yes I loved having the happy drugs and don't recall much from that day. My friends enjoyed my behavior and thanks to them I arrived safely at home that afternoon. What I do like about Mayo is the consistency and promptness. For this particular appointment I checked in, they made copies of my medical power of attorney and living will. Yes, they actually stated to bring it if I had one. Thank goodness I took care of that back in 2001!!! I had the same nurse the entire time, that way you do form a bond and there is a level of trust. Again, as in the initial visit, when I entered the room the Dr., although a different one, was waiting for me. He discussed everything in great detail. They took a all quiet, the Dr. reiterated what was being done and everyone had to say "check" including me. Though I thought it was strange, it leaves little room for error if we are all on the same page. All went well and this test showed normalcy! Yeah! Then I went back again the other day. Well let's just say I couldn't not complete the test. It had nothing to do with Mayo at all, just me. My body was not cooperating. My Dr. called me within the hour to say he had been notified. He wanted to reassure me that it was OK, and we would discuss it at greater length in his office on my follow-up appointment. If I had any questions or concerns to feel free to call him at any time. Now that is a surprising change and I just loved it. Yes, I have not been feeling all too well since that day, but...
5	I've been to this Mayo Clinic location about a dozen times sorry to say, but the services and the professionalism of the staff is GREAT! The beauty of the William Mayo philosophy is to bring the various medical areas in to consult and diagnose what is wrong with the patient. Keep in mind they do this all the while as being a nonprofit. WOW! Though Dr Greg House from TV is fictitious, these folks are not. They are the best in their field and they take continuing education seriously. Take a look at their office walls and you will see years of various classes and CE to keep them up in their fields. If you need to go to the hospital, this is the one I would want! WOW!
5	Short version: every health care professional in the country should be required to tour this place to see how it's done.Long version: Facing a possible serious health condition I grew tired of waiting for my primary to refer me to a specialist and called Mayo.  They accepted my insurance (United Healthcare) and scheduled an appt within a week.Leading up to my appointment I received 3 calls - preregistration they call it - each designed to make my first visit as fast and easy as possible.For my first appt they actually had me in early.  I had a lengthy discussion with a cardiologist named Dr. Click, who was professional, knowledgeable, genuinely interested and in no rush to just get me in and out.  He scheduled three more appointments and within 15 minutes I had a printed itinerary.  The first was bloodwork.  Down one floor where I waited less than 15 minutes before I was in and done.  The 2nd and 3rd were two days later and again I was admitted early.Every single person I encountered there (10+) was pleasant and professional.  Each confirmed my name and birth date to make sure I was who they thought I was...comforting to say the least.After all of the tests were done I met with the cardiologist again and he went to great lengths to explain every detail to me, answer my questions and give his advice.  At no point did I feel rushed or like I was just a number (or a payment on a summer home.)The facility is about an hour from Central Phoenix but well worth the drive.  For out-of-towners they have a hotel next door.  I'd highly recommend Mayo to anyone and would probably fly family members out the next time the need arises.
5	I was very pleased with the amount of professionalism this place presented. To spite the fact a scheduler canceled my appointment the first day I made the appointment and failed to let me know, I still got into see a Dr. within two hours. The level of care I was recieved was impressive and I finally feel that I am seeing real Medical Professionals. The Resident that saw me that day did everything herself including my vitals. Finally competent Dr.'s and Medical staff that make me feel comfortable that my life is in their hands!
5	It's every man's worst nightmare....the 'C' word. No, not cancer...cancer would actually be better than this. I'm talking colonoscopy.I'm retracing my steps, thinking back on what may have lent to this predicament, but honestly, the answers elude me.But thank god for my doctor, whom upon my awakening from the procedure, dutifully informed me that in no point during the procedure did she spot my head. Nope, it was still attached to my neck and now, I have her to validate this long-running debate.The results? Good news, as my wife stood bedside listening to the disappointing prognosis.(I think she lost a bet with her bitch friend, Mindy).Note: The gallon of fruit punch ex-lax you drink the night before washes down good with Stoly. At least the first one does. Anything after that's a waste of good vodka.
1	I would give Mayo clinic 0 stars if I could. I have had several appointments at the blvd Mayo clinic and have found myself in so many issues, it seem I am doing their job. First, I was told that I needed four different appointments and that I would be called when they are made. Never received a call. I found out when I call to complain to the neurologist that I was not feeling well. I was Advised by the assistant that the neuro was not their but will give me a call on Monday. I never received a call. I finally called Tuesday and screamed up a storm until the MD Spoke with me. I explained to her my problems and was advised of a plan. I was going to do the Botox injections at their office. She put in the Prior Authorization on March 26th. In the mean time I had other appointments. I found out that one of the appointments was to see A phyciastric who was suppost to prescribe me medication. come to find out they send all patients there and its only a one time visit. She refused to prescribe my medication and told me that the Neuro probably only sent me to her to get permission for the Neuro to prescribe the medication. That is not what I was told. I then check back at the end up April on my Prior Authorization and find out that I have other appointments that were scheduled. Again was not called and was never sent any information. I was furious to find out that Mayo submitted the Auth but it was still pending at this time because my insurance changed to electronic filing instead of paper. Pre certification never bothered to check up on the progress. It is now May. I finally get so upset about this Auth that I drive up to Mayo From Chandler to find out what is going on. I have Susan who send the messages to Pre Cert that she messaged them after I called and people were out so not one checked on the auth. She then tells me that I can call pre cert and find out what is going on. I call they tell me they are working on it and to call my insurance. I call my insurance and they transfer me three times. I got nowhere. I call later for the apppointment that was a follow up with the neuro. Susan tells me that they have not received the auth but I can use the follow up appontment for the injection procedure if I am approved by then. Well the day comes and I am now told I have to reschedule because they cannot get the auth. I call them and find out that thy have no later appointments to put me in. They have not injection appointments until august. I am in pain and they expect me to do what I need to do when Pre Cert and The Neuro department dropped the ball. I proceed to tell them that I can only come in later. They put me in a 3:30PM spot and telll me to come then even though the PA may not be completed. I want to complain.They transfer me to a liason who tells me that they are the place to set complaints and can do something for mey. This was the same as what Susan told me. my phone disconnects in the middle of the complaint. I call back to get the womans name I was speaking with and get Joell. she proceeds to tell me that they cannot do anything I have to talk to pre cert who the issue is with. I tell them that Susan and the previous person told me that I needed to speak to you. I demand A boss. She refuses to give me the information. joell then tells me that she will have the Neuro manager Kathleen Tuttle call me. I waited until 4:30PM and received a call. But I missed it. I tried to call back and was advised that I needed to leave a message. needles to say I have not gotten anywhereOn the other Side. I was also told to see an ENT this was one of the appointments in the beginning. I was upset with this department because they lost my enrollment information from the Neuro. I had to refill out that information. When I was called the woman walked about 15 feet ahead of me did not say hello. I had to chase after her just to make sure I knew where I was going. She then takes me to a room tells me the MD will be in and then Leaves. Nothing. The Doctor just had Vocal surgery so I could not hear him but he was nice. Told me what he thinks is wrong and proceeded to tell me I need a CT of my ears. Great A two second appointment just to tell me to have more tests. There is something greatly wrong with Mayo clinic. at least the one on Mayo blvd. Good luch everyone.
3	The Mayo campus in Scottsdale is beautiful and you will feel more like you are at aresort than a clinic setting.Considering the amount of patients that I assume pass through this clinic, I am very impressed with how organized they were with appointments and sending information to me. What I found very annoying was the fact that atleast twice they made appointments for me with out even contacting me or asking if I was available etc. I found out I had the appointment when I got the "reminder" phone call the day before.The Doctors and staff were very knowledgeable, professional, and friendly. My biggest disappointment was that so many tests were ordered for me that I began to feel that they were unnecessary and couldn't help but think that they might be ordering as many  tests as possible just to collect from the insurance company. I would also give them  big kudos for providing written test results with interpretationsand photographs to me when everything was complete.
5	5 Stars and more for the Mayo Clinic in Scottsdale AZ.It seems that most people who live here don't realize the benefits of having the Mayo Clinic in our back yard!The care of the doctor and hospital is superior and I and considering myself lucky having the best care in the world.Whatever you do check with the Mayo Clinic 1st.
5	I feel blessed to have the Mayo clinic right in our town. I had to see an Orthopedic surgeon  and decided to try the Mayo clinic, a friend recommend I give them a try , due to the poor service in the past from prior facilities.  I was a little skeptical but went ahead and made an appointment.  The staff is superior and the facility was inviting even though its a hospital.  I was not confused about where to park, address, phone numbers, etc. because the staff sends out all important information ahead of time and makes your visit stress free as much as possible.  Wait time was very reasonable.  Dr.  Claridge is very professional and answered all my questions.  We truly are blessed to have the best in the country in our neck of the woods.
5	Wow, what a great experience.  The place is vast (come a little early) but it's beautiful, flawlessly orgranized and has lovely service.  There's an information desk complete with someone to walk you part of the way to your goal.  On your floor, there's a brisk check-in line where you hand in your insurance info as needed, and they alert the office you're visting to let them know you're ready for them.  There's a large, really nice seating area and someone comes and gets you within a few minutes.It's clean and smells nice, and everyone is pleasant and professional.  The doctors and nurses were both knowledgable and extremely pleasant - they exuded competence and had a lovely bedside manner.  Even though my problem was minor and quick, they were thorough.I actually felt at ease, and even with all this great service, I was still in and out of there in record time (never more than a few moments waiting at any point), and I wasn't the first appointment of the day or anything.  It's amazing to go to a doctor's office that runs punctually!! Over all, I felt a bit like I'd walked into Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous - it felt like VIP treatment and atmosphere.
1	They billed insurance incorrectly for my visit and refuse to resubmit the claim using the correct billing code. They keep invoicing me directly insisting I pay them directly despite Aetna telling me I am not responsible for paying the bill. I even played them a recording of Aetna telling me not to pay them, but they refuse to contact Aetna to try to resolve it...they'd rather me pay cash out of pocket. Avoid at all costs, horribly unhelpful staff that refuse to do their jobs and instead prefer to make the consumer pay for services that are within their insurance coverage.
5	Do I really have to do a lengthy review of this Mayo Clinic???  This place is totally awesome, very well laid out, very organized, very clean, easy to find one's way around and they have the best doctors and practices in the country!  Their gift shop is most interesting!  You can find lots of gifts that are rare and the price is right!  This facility is in a beautiful area of Scottsdale, almost makes you feel like you're out in the beautiful oasis of Arizona!  I wish that more insurance would cover services at the Mayo Clinic...
5	Chemo went well here. Nothing good one can say about chemo but they treated me with care. There chemo department provides drinks, hats (for the hair loss) and crackers. Would suggest hard candy because chemo leaves a bad taste in your mouth. They try to keep your chemo cycles with the same nurse which helps make you feel at home for the 6 hour treatments. Another suggestion is the alarms on the chemo equipment is loud when 8 patients are getting chemo and there all going off. If they could have some type of pagers for the nurses when the Meds need to be changed. When your doing chemo you go to the bathroom like 20 times and the toilet paper is so rough. Overall though they do a great job. Thanks for smiling and being so nice to your patients too because chemo makes you feel like a creature.
5	I'm from Los Angeles. I have been working with the doctors in my local medical practice for several years now to diagnose the issues I've been having. I even made visits to the USC Keck Medical Center. No one have been able to do more than what they called "elimination" testing. They knew what I didn't have, but no clue what I did have. My neurologist recommended I go and spend a few days at the Mayo Clinic to be seen by specialist who would work together to come to a diagnosis.Although it took 6 weeks to get the initial neurological consult scheduled, their schedulers worked diligently to schedule my other consults within the time that I had allotted to spend at the  Clinic. I have been in Scottsdale for 3 days now undergoing lab work, tests, and consults. So far the experience has been amazing. From the first check-in, to the scheduling of additional tests requested by the next specialist seen, the schedulers keep your itinerary up to date and efficient trying to consolidate the number of trips and appointments to a minimum.I come from a medical family, although not in medicine myself, and so have a unique insider perspective on many medical systems. The Mayo Clinic in Scottsdale is far and above many that I have personally experience, or that I have heard recounted from family or friends. And trust me I have witnessed horror stories at local hospitals and with local medical groups and specific doctors.Having above average knowledge and experience, I spent a lot of time asking questions and discussing what has been eliminated and what we are looking at next. The tests requested and discussions are well above what the previous "specialists" have considered. I am a total advocate for my care. I have a good idea of how things should go. I also illicit expectations so as to limit disappointment. Yeah it is hard and can be intimidating when you question a doctor, but if you don't understand the why you will not do. I also make sure I have discussed the ALL of the options. Many doctors will only talk about options they like and agree with. You have to do your research and then discuss pros, cons and likelihood of success for your situation. Unfortunately, insurance companies and corporations have made it necessary to question everyone and everything. Gone are the days of "blind faith" in your healthcare providers. So stand up for yourself. No one else will.
