1	I think a doctor's office staff says a lot about a doctor. The staff here is absolutely the rudest most uncaring group of folks you will ever meet.
3	My boy is getting his junk snipped!!!! 40 min,
5	When my co-worker told me he was getting a vasectomy done I looked at him like he had 2 heads because I never knew anyone who had one done.  But he said it only took 15 minutes!  People go to Dr. Kaplan because he has done over 10,000 procedures in the Las Vegas area and he is a doctor that my co-worker trusted.
3	I've been to see a lot of urologists.A lot.I'm not a fan of male doctors, but it seems that most of the urologists or kidney specialists in this town are men.I attempted several times to set up an appointment or consultation using the web form on the website, and never received anything...not a call or an email.I called on Thursday, after noon, and was able to schedule an appointment for Monday. When I arrived, the staff was polite, and quiet.  The paperwork was a bit much...I was literally filling in paperwork for a half an hour, but I understand that new doctors need to get information.The nurse was nice, and made me feel comfortable while I was getting my bladder ultrasound done.Dr. Kaplan was nice.  He seemed a little abrasive at first, but later it seemed he was more...appalled at the fact that previous doctors hadn't done much to help me.He's the first urologist to offer me a preventative antibiotic, since I get frequent UTIs.  I'm not 100% sold on taking an antibiotic every day, just because of super bugs, etc, but at least he offered.  No other doctor has done that.He's also the first to offer me a medication to help with the other bladder issues I've been having, that are starting to cause problems with my job.  His office staff filled in paperwork for me, for help with work.  The woman I worked with was absolutely wonderful.  I like the office.  I'm not in love with them yet, but I'm always VERY cautious about feeling out doctors and their staff.  I have a follow up appointment next month, so we'll see how they do then, too.
2	I was referred here by my regular doctor. I found the office staff to be friendly but there was quite a bit of paperwork to fill out. I only gave 2 stars because this doctor was just OK. He seemed a bit akward, to the point that it even made me feel a little uncomfortable or uneasy. He didn't take much time with me and didn't really offer much advice. Just gave me a trial pill and sent me on my way. Not the worst doctor in town, but I'm sure there's better.
