5	I love Slade Grove's brownies! I ordered a dozen as a birthday treat for my sister.  Slade was wonderful to work with and took great care of me and my order.  My sister loved the brownies being delivered to her office and I was lucky enough that she brought them to me to share!  Our favorite was the turtle brownie - yum!  Great communication and delicious desserts!
1	FOOD:  2-2.5 StarsSERVICE:  1 Star is Too ManyHad 3 pies I needed for Thanksgiving.  Emailed and exchanged emails to pay for delivery of pies for $8.  No problem.  Even checked in a few days before to confirm delivery.  Response was no problem.So day before thanksgiving, no pies arrived.  All day long.  I had wanted them before noon, per email, as I was leaving work early.   Called pick up location... supposedly many upset customers, no one had cell phone for Slade Grove.At 5:30, the office shut down, two messages left, four emails, I had to leave and show up to a dinner party with no dessert.  NOT A SINGLE RESPONSE FROM OWNER ON ANY EMAIL, and they weren't even nasty at all.  I mean, anyone I know would have been nasty, but I don't believe in that.  Honestly, I was sure he must have been in an accident or some other emergency, and I would hear from him, no response.So Christmas rolls around.  I write to him again, a week and a half early, ask for 3 pies.  Exchange emails with confirmations, no problems.  No mention from him again on earlier problem.This time, I'm picking them up from pick-up place, a postal store.  When I got to pick up, only 2 of 3 pies are there.  No explanation.  Owner of store says "I'm lucky to get any, as many people didn't get any pies they ordered."So I take the pies home and eat them.  They were OKAY.  Not great, not even good.  Just okay.  I wouldn't pay $10 for one of them, let alone their $33 retail price tag.They look like some brand new culinary student made them.  Maybe he brought it help for the Christmas order.  Whatever.  And they taste pretty decent, but not good.I can't tell you how disappointing the whole experience has been.Sorry, all caps:  THIS GUY SHOULDN'T BE IN BUSINESS.  Some people just aren't made to run a business.  They don't have a lick of common sense, or business customer service, etc.  I'm sure the guy can bake.  I'm sure his food is delicious.  But he needs to work for someone else, who can operate a small business.If you are thinking of relying on this guy to deliver food for an event, my advice is think again.  He burned me and many others... TWICE.I'm not even going to try and get my 3rd pie I pre-bought.Not worth the mental aggravation.STAY AWAY.  You've been warned.
1	If I could give them 0 stars I would. Weekly plus had an offer for their brownies so I called Slade Grove (they answered the phone....hello.....nothing more....that should have been my first clue to their unprofessional ways) to ask them if their brownies were of a decent size to give out to my guests on Christmas.  I mentioned that I was looking to buy the Weekly Plus deal.  The man said oh yes, they are very large and that would work, so I bought the deal. The next day I went to order the brownies and was told by voice recording only that I couldn't order them for Christmas.  That was the sole purpose for my purchase and the reason I called and spoke with Slade Grove first.  I tried several times to reach them by phone but only ever got a recording.  I also left several messages which to this day have not been responded to.  There is no brownie in the world that is worth this terrible service.  Beware of this company.
1	Terrible customer service.  I ordered the brownies, for some reason they had to be delivered to a UPS store.  No notification beyond the shipped was given.  I waited for an arrived email, but nothing.  When I finally got in touch with someone on the phone he was extremely rude saying "shipped means that it's there"  He said he was  not a babysitting service and they do not send out emails if the brownies get shipped back and then they threw them out.  He also said they lost money on the deal and I told him not as much as me...I paid and got NOTHING..DO NOT USE!!!  THEY ARE TERRIBLE
1	I really wish I would have read some of these reviews before ordering from this "company."  I don't know how they stay in business with the TERRIBLE customer service. I had a deal for the cupcakes and chose the date to have them delivered online. I was never given a specific timeframe or range. I figured the day before  I would receive a call or email, with an estimated time for delivery. NOTHING. On the delivery day at close to 2:00pm,  I finally called and was told that he was almost there. That he went to the wrong location. I waited...and waited.... I called 2 times asking how much longer he was going to be, but only got his voicemail. I tried to find another phone number online to contact someone to see what was going on, but his cell is the only number listed for the company. It's now 6pm and I do not have my cupcakes and have NEVER gotten a call back with any explaination. RUDE, UNPROFESSIONAL,  STAY AWAY!
1	Wow. This guy has some SERIOUS issues.  How could I be the one commiting fraud when I PAID for the cupcakes and you never delivered them to me? You GAVE them to someone else? You never returned by calls. I waited and waited for you where we agreed upon to meet, which was within the 15 mile delivery zone. How do you know where my "office" is? Maybe I don't have an "office." Or maybe I am not allowed to get deliveries at my place of employment. Bottom line is you never even gave me a delivery time, I had to call you to find out when you would be there.  I waited and you end up giving my cupcakes I paid for away and I AM the one who commited fraud?  That is really funny. Oh and YOUR "office" is at a UPS STORE?  Lol. I'm sure that is really where YOU work, huh? Anyone who has a business knows that you try to resolve an issue with a customer (which I didn't have an issue originally , but obviously this guy does and now has made one for me) He really needs some customer service/etiquiette help if he doesn't want to go out of business. Unfortunately, this kind of person will most likely never change because they have a permanent plug up their a**.  YOU"VE BEEN WARNED!
3	I had a coupon for 2 pounds of Caramels. I ordered one pound of Alder Wood Smoked Sea Salt Soft Caramel Chew and one pound of the banana walnut. I picked up my order from the ups store on Central and Camelback, which is close to me. I tried the banana walnut first. I literally said- "wow" It is so good! the best caramel I've ever had- Delish! I ate 1 more then tried the Alder Wood Smoked Sea Salt Soft Caramel Chew. Not so good- It tasted burnt. I tried a bite of another one, same burnt taste. I don't know why. But because of that I only gave Slade 3 stars. I didn't bother calling or emailing I just gave them out to trick r treaters last night, lol. Seriouslt though- The banana walnut chew- OMG sooooo good:)
5	I've been purchasing Slade Grove's handmade caramels  for the last few months at the Phoenix Public Market. I am always amazed by his unique delicious flavors and the quality of his products. I just recently sampled and purchased a few of his granola bars and they are out of this World as well. If you are looking for gourmet, unique products made with love, Slade Grove is the perfect place to find them. Customer service and friendliness get 5 stars as well.
2	I bought two vouchers from Living Social for this business, ordered 2 lbs of caramels promptly, even paid for upgraded shipping. A month later it Never arrived even though I had been sent a confirmation email from Slade. I contacted him twice by email, he responded that he was "looking into it". Not until did I complain to Living Social did I get a response, all of the sudden a couple of days later it showed up on my doorstep. I'm sure he is a fine business, and the product is outstanding. But this was a very disappointing deal. Maybe they are overwhelmed by the response, I don't know, but will not be doing business with them again.
1	Slade, you can spin that any way you want but for you to dispute the facts as I know it in a public forum is beyond bad business practices. You seem offended that I complained that I never received my order as promised, not until Living Social became involved.  I'll be sure to add my comments on my social media as well.
1	This business is not prepared to actually deliver on customer service.  I have been unable to contact or arrange for pick-up of their goods after trying to redeem a Living Social coupon on 08/01/2013 for pick-up on 08/06/2013 (they ask for 5 days to prepare your custom-made batch of caramels).  The original arrangement was to pick-up the order at their 4646 N 11th Avenue address (a residential home?).  I have called them every day since the 08/06/2013 day and left my telephone number.  They have charged my AMEX for the "tax" (not included in the Living Social coupon), but I have not yet received a call back from them to pick up the caramels.Do not order online from this company!
1	It seems Living Social is well aware of Mr. Grove's business complaints and lack of follow-through.  I had an immediate refund with no questions asked from Living Social.  This isn't a good sign for the future of Slade Grove Creative Gourmet.  I doubt they will promote another special of his, and it seems he already burned bridges at another "coupon" site. I also mis-spoke about the tax being charged to my AMEX.  It didn't show up on my monthly statement.  I guess he didn't have time to make the caramels so he didn't have time to charge for the tax.
1	I have been trying to get in contact with him for weeks. I've left phone messages and sent emails asking how I can redeem my living social voucher and have never heard one thing back. Horrible way to run a business. Hopefully can get my voucher refunded.
