3	As a massage chain goes (which doesn't really even make sense because every massage therapist's touch is different, so you can't exactly guarantee the same service no matter where you go), I've always had a good massage therapist.The membership deal is an interesting idea, not something you can get anywhere else in town.My only beef is that the massage rooms are too small. My massage therapist was banging into the wall while moving around the massage table. It was a little on the claustrophobic side.
4	hard to rate a massage place, seeing as they definitely make you feel better than when you came in. it should be "yes" or "no" rating. whatever the case, the mo membership is worth it.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with the place. I expected some barebones environment from a place with a cheesy name like this but they actually tried to create a spa-like atmosphere.60 min massage really equals 50 min massage with 10 min "prep" so it felt short. My therapist was overall great, went with light pressure just like I asked and overall the massage was very good.I am taking one star off for the obnoxious front desk person who kept on acting like I was signing up for a 10-year-commitment not a 50-min massage. She was nice but overly excited and nosy with her questionnaire of how frequently I would like to get a massage.And also the star is taken out for my boyfriend's therapist who got into this obsessive discussion about how my boyfriend needs to buy some ionic blanket and get "good ions" from earth. We literally could not get away from this dude, he kept on talking about it, my boyfriend was trying not to look at me trying to contain his giggles.So try to pretend that you are deaf to avoid obnoxious people but other than that the price per service is worth it.
3	Here's the thing about this place:  If you're a Groupon session seeker for a cheap price, this isn't for you.If you are someone who needs a routine massage (e.g. weekly, monthly) this place is not a bad deal.  For the casual massage-every-few-months person, this is not a good deal.  Their pricing structure does not favor those types of clients by a long shot.  Their introductory price is good, but you'll feel the pressure to sign into a contract for more than a few more massages.  For the massages themselves, I have been pleased so far.  The therapists are considerate and do great work.  I don't think you'll leave with a sore spot left on your body.  So, if you're a regular, this is a great place.  For the casual massage enthusiast, not so much.
1	I have been a Massage Envy client for over a year.  I am a 120lb, 5'5" female physician with some residual lower back arthritis that responds well to deep tissue massage, and love the masseuse I have at the Henderson, Nevada locaiton.  I go to various different locations because I travel for work.  I was very disappointed with my first massage at the Fitchberg location.  I called ahead and specifically requested a deep tissue therapist.  I was assured that my masseuse would be skilled at deep/therapeutic massage.  Five minutes into the massage, when he asked me if the pressure was good, I told him that I needed more.  His response was "this is as deep as I can comfortably go.  There must be something wrong with your sensory nerves if you don't think this is deep."  He then proceeded to tell me how I must have dietary malabsorption, gluten intolerance, and a variety of other nonsensical medical ailments for which he was recommending alternative therapies that I question the validity of.  The then said he was going to do "energy" work on my back which resulted in a frightening 90 second episode of him hyperventilating while touching my back.  Afterwards, he asked if I felt the healing, and I responded that I didn't - to which he seemed offended and surprised.It was truly one of the worst massage experiences I have had in the 20 years that I have been getting massage and referring patients for massage.   I plan to cancel my membership at this location unless a better deep tissue masseuse can be identified for me.
1	I have been here several times now and enjoyed the massages I've had. While the sessions have always been to my satisfaction, with plenty of feedback, I've found the reception to be less than desirable.On a recent visit  I was quite dismayed to observe and hear the manner with which one of the receptionists was talking to potential clients on the phone. Even more disturbing was the behavior after the calls that was observed by anyone in the waiting area. It simply is not acceptable to speak in such a derogatory manner about potential new clients.If this had been my first visit I might well have canceled and left right then.
