5	Best foot scrub and massage of anywhere I've been! They go above and beyond with the relaxation! A lot of colors to choose from too!
5	We had a really great pedicure experience! I took my mother in law for a late mothers day gift and we both thought this was one of the best pedicures we have had. Both nail techs were detailed and attentive. The pedi included multiple scrubs and massages for the legs and feet and a paraffin wrap. They are able to include nail art if you so choose. The prices are reasonable and the whole facility was clean. Will definitely be back!
5	I was most impressed with my first visit today.  I went without an appointment late in the day.  Walked in and was seated right away.  I only had a pedicure, but it included a scrub, hot stone massage and paraffin wrap.  My tech was meticulous  in preparing my toes and when they were painted.  I will be back again!
5	I saw the good and bad reviews, so I decided to go for a try. I went there last Thursday without any appointment. It was pretty busy and I was asked to wait for 10 minutes. And it was worth to wait for 10 minutes because the pedicure is amazing. They provide a glass of wine as a drink and the music are so relaxing. The regular pedicure already includes paraffin wax, hot stone, and hot towel wrap. The massage is really awesome and so I decided to upgrade to Paradise pedicure to get additional massage. And I got a really nice design on my big toes too! Overall I would say it is the best pedicure I ever had in my life. This salon will become my only one salon that I will always visit!  Definitely recommend this salon!
5	Beautiful, Efficient, and Detailed. Needed to get my nails done ASAP for two weddings in one weekend type deals. I knew my toes needed help and I wanted gel for my fingers. I walked in the door dreading the idea of spending the next 3 hours of a beautiful day indoors. But that did not happen. As a walk-in I was SAT RIGHT AWAY. They where able to do my toes and fingers at the SAME TIME without missing a single massage. I was done in one hour. I WILL DEF GO BACK!
5	Amazing customer service and not very expensive! Also free sangria with the experience. The other patrons are obviously regulars and were very welcoming. I felt like I was somewhere warm and friendly! It will be my new spot!
5	Madison's best nail salon. The techs are always wonderful and friendly. They are very customer service oriented---they are always specific in what I want and ask each step of the way if I'm happy with how they look.  MY nails always look spectacular and I receive many compliments. I am forever a returning customer :)
5	One of the best pedi experiences I've had in any city.  No, kidding. My mind is absolutely blown by the quality of service and the friendliness of the staff. For $30, you get a pedi, a scrub, a paraffin dip AND a ten minute hot stone massage. Yes, oh yes. And what else?  A complimentary beverage. Does it mean soda?  It could. But more importantly, they give you the option of wine. Sure, it is probably Franzia but there is something to be said about a nice glass of wine while sitting in a massage chair with someone else massaging your feet.They take appointments and walk-ins. They recommend appointments so they can meet your needs. If you pay in cash, then you get a punch for every $20 you spend. After ten punches, you get any service free.OOOH!  So!  Yes, I am so excited I can not type full sentences!  When picking your color it is difficult to know how it will look. They give you sample of each color. You pick them by telling them the color. I picked a copper color which is usually out of my color wheel, but being able to see it on a nail sample is amazing.I am not going to lie, I was SO impressed by this establishment.  The staff is PHEN-OM-EN-AL.  Can I please just go back daily?  I wish Yelp had a crazy multidimensional experience so you could touch my feet. They are so soft.  If you are debating on going there, just stop, take a breath, get in your car and go. You will need the extra relaxation after all that contemplation.
3	I have been coming to this location since they opened and have always had an enjoyable experience. The staff has been nice and the service has been great. The only downside with this place is that the appointment system isn't very great. Even when you book an appointment, you still don't get in until about 15-20 min after. (I'm currently writing this review while I'm waiting for an appointment that should have started 21 min ago) other than that, the experience has been enjoyable so I would recommend this place to others.
5	Great place for manicures and pedicures. They're very friendly and professional. Just ask to make sure the nail colors you choose don't have any extra charges. I was surprised to be charged $3 extra for it. But still this is a great bang for your buck.
