4	The course itself is tiny (9 holes, mostly short par 3's), but I have to rate it high because it has a GRASS driving range and they let you fill your own bucket of balls.  Yeah, sometimes it's a sandbox (weekends), but I HATE hitting off those green mats.
4	It is walking distance from the house. There is shade. The back 3 holes are very private.
5	I am in from Indiana, nice city owned course.  Rental clubs for my 6 year old son and I were new sets!  Great course for kids.  Got paired up with another father son group.  They were great to play with, very polite to my young son.  Will be back for sure.  Great staff as well.  The city of Phoenix should be proud of this course and staff members
4	This is my favorite city-run 9 hole course.  It's mostly par threes with three par fours that aren't really long.  It's easily walkable and always in good condition. I prefer this over the Encanto 9-hole because the greens are a little more dynamic, more breaks, hills etc...and they always roll pretty smoothly. The downside for me is the tee boxes. They are lumpy as all get-out so it can be hard to find a nice flat area to tee up. This one also has a driving range on site (irons only) plus a chipping area and putting green - unlike the Encanto 9, where you'll have to warm up at the 18 hole course a block away. Tuesdays and Wednesdays are my weekends so I play this course once or twice a week. I never have problems just showing up without a tee time to walk the course.  It's not the most challenging course. There are no bunkers and the water never really comes into play - unless you have a wicked slice, then you might end up in the water on the first hole. My personal favorite is the eighth hole par 4. It's only 256 yards, but has a narrow fairway and dogleg left.  There are some tall trees on the left preventing you from driving the green. Anyway, it's a great course. $9 to walk during the off-peak season and replays are only about six bucks. If you have the Phoenix golf card you'll get discounted green fees and earn points for a free round every time you play.
1	I had never been to this range, so I called and asked for directions. I drove 30 minutes to find out that I hadn't been informed when I called that you can only use  short distance clubs. There is also no mention at their website. Ridiculous! They are too cheap to put up nets, unlike every other driving range in the world.Stay on 15th and head over to Encanto Driving range, where you are allowed to use every club in your bag.
5	I love my local golf course!!  The best thing about this course is it is almost never busy.  I frequently take unlimited mulligans!  With only nine holes, it's perfect if you're lounging around and want to get in a quick round in the middle if the day.  Sometimes I go by myself, and it's like my own private golf course.  At $8 you can't beat the price!  The greens are well kept, and the staff is very helpful.  Only thing I wish is that I could use the driver on the driving range.  It's the perfect course for beginners and kids.
4	A terrific municipal range that is not too commercial or expansive.  Love how it's tucked in the Central Corridor and so approachable to the local public.
