5	I asked them if they had a business card. They said no. I asked "so what is your business name then". We don't have one was the reply. They are spray painters and so that's all I can list them as.These artists are at the Fremont Street Experience 7 days a week. Located outside the El Portal Indian Arts & Crafts Store, these guys will paint a design for you either from their list of designs or you can make your own.It takes the guy about 10 mins to complete a painting. The passers by surround them like flies to honey, watching him create a painting from start to finish. Lil guy was mesmerized by them. When the lights came on, he looked at it for about a minute and then continued to watch the guy complete his painting. He could've watched all night long except after about 5 paintings, the guys took a break, so we moved on.The paintings aren't really my style, but some of them were pretty damn good.
4	This is the hottest kiosk on Fremont, these guys are mesmerizing with their aerosol cans of spray paint they orchestrate a white posterboard into a fantastic multi-dimensional wall hanging for $35 or 2 for $60. This has always been the most watched attraction downstown and has progressed quite a ways since it started.My son is fascinated with their show everytime we go downtown, it really is entertaining and FREE to watch.
5	this guys are amazing!they can paint a wonderful picture in few minutes  ,so cool....i can' t describe  how amazed i was just looking at their hands how  profesional great work they do when they paint  pics ...they are expencive  but truely it is great job!well done!!
5	These folks are really fun to watch.  If you really just want to see some fun artists do there things, these folks are the ones you want.  I watch them every time I get a chance...  Each one of them do it differently.  You can spend hours watching them.
5	A visit to Fremont Street isn't complete without stopping here. Whether with friends or family, I always take them to see the artists here.Fair warning for those who have sensitive noses, they use spray paint here and the fumes can get overwhelming.And while it is FREE to watch, they do have a tip jar so please be tipsy ;)
4	I GOT ID'ed LAST TIME I PURCHASED SPRAY PAINTWhile walking down Fremont street it's fun to stop and watch each of the entertainers. Even if only for a minute. It's free to stop so why not catch a cool magic trick? Hear some great jazz live? Or watch a guy spray paint an awesome picture using newpaper as a paint brush?There are a couple spray painting artists on the street now (not sure if they're working together, in separate areas along the street, or if they're independent of one another, but they do about the same thing:  Spray paint a paper and use natural tools to smear the image into something else. Hard to describe; fun to watch. It's really amazing, some of the art that they produce!  My husband said he and some friends watched a how-to video on youtube (you can learn ANYTHING on youtube!) and that it wasn't as hard as you would think, but I guarantee this would still be too hard for me! I'm not all that artsy.Beautiful pics at reasonable prices! At least worth watching, even if you're not planning on shipping something like that home! Don't forget to tip, if you're so inclined!
5	Spray Paint Artist is one of the coolest things going on Fremont Street. Its a unique experience all in itself below a canopy of lights that is the Fremont Street Experience. It adds a certain cultural depth to all the street entertainers that roam Fremont looking for a quick pic and a handout. Always a crowd favorite by the seer size of the group that surrounds them this quick art has a certain appeal that someone can create art before an audience that may touch someone and create an the spot memory sure to last a lifetime.
