4	Open just two weeks.  First impression was good - hostesses were gorgeous and helpful.  Server was also cute and great service.Food gets an A from me based on one visit.  Interesting chips - thick and not too corn flavored - seem to be made right there.  Excellent roasted salsa.  Be sure to ask for hot/spicy if you care for it.My wife and I both ordered tacos, so perhaps the special would have been even better.  Menu is a little limited - wifey wanted fajitas or a salad and there were none on the menu.  Tacos were very tasty but a little non-traditional.  Cabbage and what looked like maybe goat cheese - not lettuce and melted cheddar - put off my wife but I loved it.  My shrimp tacos were delicious and came with a tasty dill sauce.  Shrimp were tiny but well seasoned.  Black beans and pintos were well flavored.  Rice was unremarkable. For 11 bucks a plate, the two tacos did not fill us up.  But, with the chips and salsa, I left stuffed.Beautiful fountain outside with flames and lights - really nice.  Seating area outside with a TV for sports looked inviting but it was a little cool for that today.Inside is a little noisy, possibly due to the hard surface, modern decor.  But, there are several bar areas with TVs and a really cool open seating area to the right of the main entrance which looked fun and was being enjoyed by some folks lounging there.  Very cool huge ceiling fan in the main dining area and some neat hanging metal star artwork near one of the bars. Margaritas were a mixed experience.  I thought the house on the rocks was OK, but my wife returned her frozen for on the rocks as it lacked flavor.  I'd recommend a pitcher on the rocks for value and flavor.Higher-end food than our other favorite - Cantina Laredo - but the ambiance is more modern and somewhat less comfortable at Barrio Cantina.I need to visit again and sample more of the menu, and I will.  I'd recommend this place for the start of a night on the town or to hang at the bar for sports.  Plenty of parking.  Convenient across from PV Mall and right next to Outback if you are looking for a landmark.
3	WOW...One Star? This place is not Excellent, however I think it deserves more than one star...here's what my experience was like. Nate & Nicki decide that after spending WAY too many evenings closing down the patio at Auntie Chiladas, we needed to find a new place to call "happy hour home". So what better way to start the weekend...Friday night Happy Hour at Barrio Cantina? Nate lives nearby, so it seemed like a great option! His experiences were hit & miss after 3 previous trips, however I'm always up for a new experience...so there we were! I walked in and was immediately impressed with the bar area. There is a very cool, large square shaped bar that makes for excellent people watching. The bartenders (all skinny blondes with hard fake boobs) were bitchy and not very responsive to a thirsty young lady such as myself. Although the bartenders weren't quite responsive to anyone I do have to say that I thought that the men across that bar that were ogling their tata's were quite entertaining. When I quizzed the bartender on the ingredients in the "house margarita" she shared with me that the Sweet & Sour was made in house...so I tried it. Decent, but not exactly what I was looking for. Same ol' crappy margarita. So I switched drinks and we ordered food. The food here is decent, but I LOATHE the chips. I hate puffy, greasy chips. Give me thin & greasy and I'm OK with that...but the puffy ones??? Yucky! We ordered Chips & Salsa, Handmade Guacamole, and Chimi's. The guacamole was really good and the Chimi came with a tomatillo type sauce that was quite good. I probably wouldn't try anything "crazy" from this menu. The food is pretty generic. Prices were typical for PV, so I can't fault them for that. Lastly, as the night wore on (we were there for about 3 hours) it got more entertaining. They were playing extremely depressing 80's music like Silent Whisper - Wham! and More than Words - Extreme. But all things considered, we thought it was hilarious. The scene at the bar was hilarious. Cougars were on the prowl. We witnessed a 55+ cougar (or is she a jaguar at that point?) at her finest...moving from prey to prey. If you are young man that is into cougars, this may become your new mecca. I'm giving three stars more because of the entertainment and company. Without it, I would be tempted to give 2...maybe 1 for crappy service. Don't go out of your way to go here...but if you live in the area, expect nothing and hopefully leave with a buzz and some laughs. Maybe even a coug?
3	This place is trying very hard to be trendy! You enter and there are HDTV screens everywhere, kind of nice, with tall ceilings and weird artwork on the walls. The hostesses and waitresses are all covered in tattoos, which I don't particularly care for, but I guess that's the trend these days. Service was just OK, with the employees having a bit of an attitude. Clientele was also a bit snobbish! Anyways, kind of a gourmet Mexican joint, fancy dishes equal fancy prices. Not too bad, food was good, looked  nice. Personally, I think this place is trying too hard to be trendy, and I really don't care about what people are hanging out where and all that jazz.. Otherwise, food was good, service OK, and atmosphere a bit on the pretentious side.
2	Atmosphere: TOO LOUD!! Food: Blah Service: Iffy Overall Experience: Not Likely to return I went to dinner here with my friend Jess. We were seated halfway in the kitchen area...no joke!! There were kids running around like they owned the place, and we found out, they sorta do....they were the owners kids. What kind of restaurant owner lets their kids run wild through a restaurant on a Friday night??? We didn't have anyone come over and see us until we had been seated for over 5 minutes, which considering where our table was, we found to be kinda funny. The food was very blah, no flavor! I had a carnitas quesadilla and the only flavor that I could taste was the poblano peppers. My friend had shrimp tacos, she said that the shrimp was overcooked and lacked any sort of flavor. It was not a very pleasant experience, even not counting the food. The restaurant had music blasting the entire time, like it was some kind of club or something. Which I thought was funny because just about every table had kids or people over the age of 60 at it, definitely not people that enjoy loud music at a meal! The restaurant has 2 bar areas, which is kind of odd, especially for a place located in such a family friendly area. They really are trying to be more of a club I think, which is fine, but maybe they should act like a restaurant until like 9....then crank up the music!
3	Cool looking space. Wait service was very good. Kitchen was a little slow. Food was good but not amazing. I'd return for drinks and appetizers or to watch a game with friends. Prices are not bad comparatively.
4	I have been there twice now.  Once with work associates for a meeting and the next with my wife and another couple.  Both times the service has been very friendly and knowledgeable.  They have made mistakes at both visits, but they were quickly corrected and I am quite forgiving as long as the end result is receiving what we ordered.  A very attractive build out with a lounge area in front with a separate bar that leads out to the patio.  The dining room has probably the sharpest looking fan that I have seen from a design side.  It has some edgy artwork that compliments the look they are going for.  Appetizers had some great flavor profiles, though the fajita special I had for dinner could have had a little more pop.  Attractive staff was a big plus for the friends I had with.  They enjoyed the view.  Prices were a little on the high side, but they also had some aggressive happy hour specials to offset them.
1	The food was good but the server forgot to put in our order and we waited 60 minutes.  She was slow to refill our drinks and when you conside there were four of us dining, it's hard to imagine all beverage glasses, inlcuding water being empty.  The server blamed the mistake on the kitchen but when we looked over the receipt, we noticed it was her mistake.  We were comped a desert and a modest discount on the meal, not impressed!  I will never go back to Barrio Cantina again, the service at a neighboring restaurant, La Parilla, is hands down far superior.  In my opinion, Barrio should consider a new management team. Our kids observed poor behavior from some of the staff, totally unprofessional and something that should not be tolerated in any business.  Once again, fire this staff and start from scratch.
5	My experience here was excellent. The waitress was very attentive and made us feel very comfortable. She was very friendly and answered all of our questions patiently. The salsa rocks and the draft beer is cold! I really liked the place and the staff. Yes, the girls are beautiful (with fake boobs) but the food and service was first class. I will go back and I do recommend the place. It's also very clean!
2	lunch here was ... interesting. our server made it clear we were his only table at 11:30 am on thursday. we remained his only table throughout our meal, which was probably better for the restaurant. he was creepy, in a dimitri the lover kind of way (the wacko from toronto ... if you haven't heard of him, google is your friend.). the free chips and salsa were great. the chips tasted like they were made fresh and the salsa was unique with a bit of spicy and a hint of apricot. my enchiladas were awesome. they weren't rolled, it was more like an enchilada casserole, and boy oh boy were they an ooey, gooey, cheesy delight. the rice, on the other hand, was a disappointment. it looked beautiful but was flavorless. overall, the portions seemed a bit small, especially for mexican food, and the prices were outrageous. my lunch at barrio cost $18 ... $3 for a soda (i'll remember that if there's a next time!), $12 for the enchiladas and $3 for the tip. not that the creepy dimitri-wannabe really deserved one. after he took our order he disappeared. the hostess delivered our food and brought drink refills. we didn't see him again until i asked him for our check as he was cutting fruit 3 feet from our table while my drink sat empty in plain sight. at $3 for a soda, you better be refilling that glass every time it is even close to empty! 2 stars might be a bit harsh - i've been flip-flopping between 2 and 3 the entire time i've been writing, but 2 feels right to me. there was no value proposition, service was not attentive and the rice sucked. i think this place really could be great, but they've completely missed the boat. i won't go back willingly.
4	The place is casual and a bit trendy.  I think the staff could be more modernized and with a better touch of vogue, but with effects of the economy, I completely understand.  The food is great,  i recommend the burritos.  Also, the best guacamole i've ever had resides here along with their chips.  Salsa is great too, but the guac is quite flavorful.  It is quite clean in the restaurant and i would most certainly go back.  The only thing that I'd like to see is a better staff.  Good for groups to go when you get a chance!
4	I wasn't actually expecting to like this place because it's not really my type of hangout.  Kind of trendy, very bar-oriented ( I'm not much of a drinker).  But, I was curious, so I decided to check it out.  First of all, my server was really nice and attentive.  He recommended the Chicken en rojo.  First, he brought out a small but fresh chopped salad with a variety of lettuces and a little tomato.  Nothing special, but the dressing, which I had on the side, was wonderful.  It was a tamarind vinaigrette.  I highly recommend it if you like sweet spicy dressings.  Next, the entree came.  It was a pounded chicken breast, topped with cream cheese sauce, roasted fingerling potatoes, and surrounded by a delicious red pepper cream sauce.  It was phenomenal.  I would definitely go back just for this dish.  I wasn't crazy about the chips and salsa, but I liked everything else.
4	Went on a Tuesday night and had a great time.  Service was great, margaritas were $$$$ and my shrimp burrito was very good..  Chips seemed fresh and the Guac was yum.  I'll return, after a few paychecks..  :)
4	It was my third visit and finally had the chance to stay for a bit and have more than a margarita. Love the ambiance and the food, service was a little slow but 6 of us moving from bar to tables with different tabs to close can take a bit.  So all in all I will definitely return and the friends we met loved it as well. Great happy hour menu and the guys loved all the tvs.
4	At dinner here while visiting Phoenix.  The enchilada was awesome.  It is not like a regular enchilada but made like lasagna.  I was wary at when the waitress told me about but I'm so glad I tried it.  The chips and salsa were good.  My husband had the chimi, it was huge.  He said it was pretty good.  Margarita's are good but small and pricey.  Service was really slow.
4	Delicious sangria & soft tacos......service however left a lot to be desired!  I  have a serious pet peeve about going into a restaurant (especially one as sleek and contemporary  as this one) where all of the staff (hostess, busboy, servers, etc) all look like they are about 16.  This tells me some 25 year old guy is doing the hiring based on chicks he thinks are hot & not experience or professionalism!Our server Ashley tried to be as pleasant as she knew how, but clearly should be working at Chili's or something & not here.  We got our drinks & my friend spilled a bit of her margarita on taking a sip.  Since we only had our cloth napkins (no coasters or drink napkins were given to us) we asked Ashley for help with the spill.  She came back with a few paper napkins, set them down on the table & walked away.  Did not offer to help clean the spill or anything...just bailed.  She then proceeded to get our order wrong when it was brought out (had to be re-made) & then tried to butter us up hard at the end saying"  I'm so glad we got that problem fixed for you in a matter of time"  What???  My advice to Barrio...upgrade the quality of your servers & I will definitely be back for more of your delicious food.
4	My wife really enjoyed their Italian Margarita(s) and I had the EN FEUGO hot sauce on my burrito and my forehead was ON FIRE.  We were pleasantly surprised by this strip-mall located restaurant and would definitely go back.
3	Good food and exceptionally nice servers (however slow).  I liked their giant scallops (but there were only four with a full meal)!  They also have good happy hour drinks!  Yea...Margaritas!
5	Great food.  The owners came out and spoke with us several times.  Nice staff.  I normally don't like hoity toity places but this one was a pleasant surprise.
2	We went here for happy hour yesterday and I will not be doing that again. Not happy with any thing we had. I got the spicy chicken tacos and the machaca pork sliders. Sliders were very dry and it took a hole beer just to wash them down. They were the smallest sliders I have ever seen. Not very tasty at all. As for the tacos, they were bite size as well. I know they are only $5 but come on now these are rediculous. I felt like someone just stole $5 from me cause the only think i could do with these tacos was complain about them. I hate when you leave a restaurant hungry. My girlfriend got the sloppy joe torta. She said it was ok but after a few bites she was not into it anymore. I do like the restaurant itself and the huge fan in the dinning room is way cool. I think if I went here again I would try a burrito off the dinner menu. They were big and they had better be cause they are $10-12. The chips and salsa were great!
2	Sorry, me no likey anymore. Since the commencement of the opening of Barrio, I have been enchanted by the giant fan and the cosmepolitan atmosphere. A couple of nights ago, the glass sealing was shattered for me. I arrived as usual with my husband and two small children. We waited for 5 minutes before anyone came to the hostess stand. The woman looked frazzled and put out. Sorry, that's your job, or maybe it is someone else's job and you are covering for them but, still, it is your job. I didn't get any warm fuzzies. When we were sat at our table, our server was very receptive to our needs. SERVICE HERE IS GREAT, which is the only redeeming quality. Food and prices are not. I ordered the "Seafood Experience," and was highly disappointed. There were two large shrimp on my plate and one fish taco with a very small portion of fish...$16.00 dollars later. The food was good but unless you are anorexic, really bad portions. If you haven't eaten for days because you are starving yourself and you think you may want to binge, try here. Because the portions will look huge to you. Seriously, this is not tapas, it is mexican food. I feel like a fatty saying that but let's call a spade a spade.If you want some good, over-priced drinks in a bar that has a lot of old, ugly people, go here.
3	Boring Mexican Food!Overpriced for such a casual ho-hum place!Nice wait staff, ,though!
4	We had great service! Thanks Aaron!A girlfriend and I went here for lunch. We started with the guacamole which was just how we like it - chunky (made from real avocados), not too oniony and topped with a sprinkle of goat cheese. We also shared the Carnitas Crisp topped with a green enchilada sauce - very tasty although not the usual smokey flavor I'm used to in other carnitas I've had.We complimented the meal with a sampling of margaritas: I had the "Perfect" - powerful good; good amount of sweet & sour if you like that (I'm only good for one sweet & sour mixed drink). She had the prickly pear margarita which went down very smoothly. A little sweet for my taste, but light and refreshing nonetheless.Next I did my own rendition of the "Skinny" - margarita made with real lime juice (so no sugar) but topped it with Grand Marnier which sweetened it just enough for me. Fabulous! My girlfriend had it unadulterated and liked it.I was reluctant to go to this place since reviews weren't particularly favorable, but all in all we enjoyed our lunch howbeit mostly liquid and the staff was very attentive.
2	Bad sign when the salsa tastes bad.  Not bad-boring, like, bad-bad.  Like there was something unpleasant in it.We ordered an appetizer platter with a few different dips.  This wasn't bad-bad, just bad-bland.By the time our entrees arrived, I wasn't too excited.  They were okay.  I had the mahi crisp, which is kind of like a tortilla pizza, I guess, and that was probably the best of the bunch.  Still, the described tamarind sauce didn't taste like tamarind, and the wasabi flavoring didn't have any bite.Worst of our group was my wife's veggie torta - the vegetables were sparse and had a burnt aftertaste.When I heard the place was "contemporary Mexican," I was hoping for something like Gallo Blanco's delicious interpretations of Mexican classics, but, overall, the place felt like an extremely expensive Taco Bell.  Attempts at "fusion" or "innovative" Mexican cuisine don't really work if the end result doesn't even slightly resemble authentic Mexican food - or doesn't even have a bold flavor at all, period.  I don't think there was a leaf of cilantro in our entire meal.At these prices, the food should at least be notable enough to have a strong opinion about.  And, to add insult to injury, the service we got was terrible - when one of our friends asked if an appetizer would make a suitable entree, portion-wise, the waitress literally sneered at her - "I don't know how much you eat."
4	Finally went to Barrio Cantina last night. Have been wanting to go for some time now.  The decor inside is very contemporary and yet reminds me of old world Mexico at the same time.  The service, (Matt) was exceptional.  The menu offers a wide variety and the prices not bad. I tried the Tilapia El Rojo because I am a sucker for grilled corn.  I had a few house margaritas as well. Not too bad. If you're in the area check the place out.  I liked it.
4	Have been here a number of times and really like the place. Although they've taken it off the menu, if you ask, they still do a shrimp quesadilla. It has black beans in it and is really flavorful! Enough for two people if you have a small appetite. Anyway, was in there last week and ordered a white Sangria. At $8 with no fruit in it, except for slices of lemon and lime, I thought it was a bit "up there" from a price standpoint. So, Barrio, if you're reading this, please do something to improve the Sangria. Your customers will appreciate it. The salsa was just right (not too spicy), but the chips were a bit hard and tasted more like pita chips than tortilla chips. Otherwise, no complaints.
2	I have visited Barrios twice. The first time I met my friend for happy hour. Happy hour is OK nothing spectacular. 2 different wines $4 a glass, domestic beer 3, and house margaritas 4. The first visit I had a glass of wine and ordered one of the happy hour appetizers. The chips and salsa were very good. But when I got the appetizers I could not believe how small the portion was. I was not expecting anything huge but it would have been nice if it filled me up. I ordered ceviche and it was expensive and not great.Visit number 2 was disappointing. The waitress was cranky and did not keep our drinks or salsa filled. I had a happy hour margarita and it tasted like there was NO alcohol in it at all. We had to flag the waitress down just to get another beer, really. I once again ordered an appetizer from the happy hour menu and there was a problem with it so I sent it back and had it removed from my bill. All in all for the price I am not satisfied. Each time the bill was $50 and the food nor the drinks were that great. Darn, it is so close to my house to.
1	I have only been here once and it was during phoenix restaurant week. I figured since they looked to have a decent menu and were new I would give them a try. Big mistake. My husband and I had the worst meal ever.  Not a single dish we tried was good. Also their margaritas were horrible. I ordered the house margarita and upgraded the tequila.
2	OK. If you are going to open a Mexican joint in the land of the southwest, please stand out amongst the greats, do something different. Please do not dumb down or Americanize what is suppose to be Mexican food. With my rant out of the way... The service flat sucks, Drinks were slow to be refilled along with the chips and salsa. If you are going to serve 'Tortas" make dam well and sure it is authentic. I have had excellent tortas in south phoenix for around $3 bucks that would make you beg for more. Tortas are served on Bilbo (spelling may be off) rolls that are soft and wonderful, not Chabata rolls! I asked our server if it was served on a Bilbo roll and he said no Chabata. I asked the waiter to explain what a Torta was to see if he actually knew. His response was that it is similar to a 'PO Boy" what a moron! Had a cold Carina asada torta. It sucked!!!!!! I will give this place props for serving a very tasty Chicken tortilla soup. Nice size portion for $8 bucks was a bit high, however soup was good. Chips and salsa are at best ok, one person in my group did say that the black bean and corn burro was very good. Will I be back.. Take a guess from my review!!!!
4	Alan came and saved the day. This started at a one and after a couple of bumps increased greatly. I believe we must have come in during a shift change because we walked in the door and no one seated us. Then after we were seated we sat for 15 mins. before any server even approached us this however was the end of the bad experience.  Just as I began my review a gentleman named Alan stopped by my table to ask had we been helped yet he wasn't on the clock yet but stated he'd noticed we were just sitting there. He quickly took our drink orders and brought them out before even clocking in. After he was officially began work he got our food orders. My wife had the chimichangas (huge portion), my sister had a cantina burger & I tried the en feugo wings challenge (great taste super hot yea). Everyone loved there food. While I was doing the challenge he kept me supplied with milk. I failed the challenge but when I gave up the chef came out and told me how to cool down my mouth (apparently he'd just tried the challenge a few days earlier). Then when our bill came half of it was comped. We all really enjoyed ourselves after the initial mishap I'd go back I really think they must have been mid shift change when we arrived because as we were being served I noticed the place filling and the service was equally excellent for all of the guest following us. Great food and good service thanks to Alan I'm very pleased
2	I think this Mexican restaurant/sports bar is a great concept, but boy was this a big miss. When I walked in, I noticed there was a private party in the immediate bar/room to the right of the entrance. If I remember accurately, there were about 3 TVs at the bar in there. The crowd here is a little bit older, but everyone looked like they were there to have a great time - MILFs, DILFs, and cougars included. I went up to the host stand where I waited for almost 5 minutes. Many servers walked by, but no one bothered to help, or tell me someone was on their way to seat me. Once I did sit down, I waited for about 15 minutes for my friend without being greeted by a server. Once she arrived, we waited another 20 minutes before my friend went to grab a waitress. The waitress apologized and told us she didn't realize she had our table as well. I've worked in a few restaurants through college - long enough to know that things sometimes get mixed up, but when you have a table waiting without food our drinks for 30+ minutes, you should probably go ask them if they need any help! The food isn't worth talking about, so I won't.
1	This place's food is lazy and boring. You get a choice of rice OR beans....how cheap can one get?The tortilla was cold....COLD. Hello? ever been to Mexico?
5	Great food, great service, great restaurant!
4	We bought a groupon for this restaurant believing it to be for Barrio Cafe.  Needless to say, when the time came to use the groupon, we were disappointed to realize our mistake. Even more so when I looked the restaurant up on yelp and read all the numerous negative reviews and complaints. But the money had already been spent and a week ago we found ourselves in the area. So we stopped in.Well, I'm happy to say that for once, Yelp was wrong. My expectations were low and when we first stepped through the doors, there was no hostess at the stand. I had enough time to think "Yup, here we go" when the hostess walked over from the main room to politely seat us.  She sat us and Amanda, our server, came over almost immediately to greet us and take our drink orders which were promptly served a few minutes later. We took our time to order and the food, once delivered in a timely fashion, was tasty and flavorful.  Everyone was polite including the busboy who helped keep our table clean and our drinks full.Of course, the place isn't perfect. The audio from the TV was far too loud (a football game with commercials competed with our conversation). The prices were a bit steep too.  I also think it's ridiculous when a Mexican restaurant wants to charge for chips and salsa.  Even Baja Fresh gives them for free.I don't think I would go out of my way to eat here again but if I found myself in the area, I would definitely consider stopping in.
2	I was interested in trying this place and was disappointed. The chips were stale. I ordered a berry martini. It came in a lowball glass with ice and tasted like punch. I really did not taste any alcohol. My bean and cheese enchilada was bland as well as the accompanying rice. And the portion was quite small for an $11 entree. My boyfriend thought his seafood combination was okay, however the portion was so small he ordered 2 tacos. This place has potential. I think the decor is interesting and the atmosphere is cool. They just need to liven up their food and actually put alcohol in their drinks.
3	The service was good, but the food was just okay.  I would consider it  expensive for average Mexican food.   Nothing stands out about the restaurant that would make me rush back.
3	Nothing spectacular, but decent atmosphere, strong drinks and slightly above average food.
3	This review is only for those who want to try the En Fuego challenge.  I attempted the En Fuego burger challenge thinking "how hot can a burger really be?"  Let me tell you, this burger is HOT!  My first clue should have been when all the staff burst out of the kitchen coughing from the fumes from my burger.  See I thought that I would be eating actual Ghost peppers, but no, they just pour Ghost pepper extract into the meat.  This is something that I wish I would have known before I started.  I took 2 bites of this burger and and could not believe the pain I was in.  I have eaten a lot of jalapenos and suicide wings, but nothing could prepare me for the pain of this burger.  It wasn't that my mouth was hot (which it was!), it was my throat that was burning.  I never knew that eating something could make my throat burn so badly.  It took 3 large glasses of milk before I could even regain my composure.  The pain doesn't end here though.  Even though my mouth and throat calmed down, the real pain begins the next day.  My stomach was in severe pain as it processed the Ghost pepper extract.  I don't want to be graphic, but if you've eaten hot food, you know what happens the day after...but this was the kind of pain where you almost cry (no joking).So in summation, the bartender was nice, service fine, and the other patrons of the place got a wonderful laugh at my expense, but seriously do not ever attempt this challenge unless someone pays you a huge amount of money.
4	The Sampler with carnitas was a winner. Tender chunks of pork love.Chicken en Rojo, chicken breast was a bit dry, but had a great sauce. I adored the half cob on a stick, sprinkled with a creamy white cheese. The mashed potatoes with a ladle of queso was delightful. Hey, that's not green onion, its pablano with a slightly noticeable heat.If you appreciate good service, ask for Amanda's station.
2	Sub par food. Service is ok, can find much better Mexican food in AZ.  Probably won't go back there for food....may be a good place to just grab drinks for happy hour, though it was kind of dead on a Thursday at happy hour time.  We'll see...but probably not.
4	Go for Happy Hour and you will be HAPPY!  Tacos, tostadas, street corn.  Chips are thick and salsa is good.
2	This location is closed. Don't know if it will reopen, seemed out of place for the vibe it was trying to capture.
1	Smelled like raw sewage in the parking lot. Wasn't greeted as we walked in and had to wander around aimlessly until someone finally saw us even though thr place was empty. To top it all off they were out of the ghost chili which is a key ingredient in their signature dishes. The waitress was slow and unapologetic.
