5	I love Shakti. I can always find something wonderful. It might be a t-shirt or possibly a candle. Their jewelry is moderately priced and beautiful. If you need incense or a book you can find it here. I just like walking into the place. It gives you a really great, peaceful feeling.
2	I guess if I were into this kind of thing more, I'd give it a better review, but since I am not, I'll call it your one stop shop for college kids who come from some small town in Wisconsin to the "Big City" who want to become insta-hippies.
4	A fun, deep selection of buttons, bumper stickers, books, greeting cards, and postcards makes this shop a must-visit on my peregrinations through Madison, WI.
4	Shakti is my go-to place for non factory-stamped jewelry; the selection of natural stones in silver settings is astounding, and the hippy staff members are very knowledgeable about the mystical properties of those stones.But shopper beware - if you enter this store, you may smell like patchouli for the rest of the day! :)
3	Shakti is probably incredible if you're into the new-agey buy-your-spirituality kind of thing. I've purchased gifts here for younger hippie-wanna-be relatives that they were happy with.  I'm not sure what I was predicting when I first stopped in here. Maybe more of a Hindu-inspired boutique, given the name. They do have that kind of stuff, but it's lost in all the other stuff. I like their greeting card and postcard selections, though.
3	Shakti is definitely a cute place and they have your vast selection of incense, cute-but-generic jewelry, and a decent crop of greeting cards/artsy stuff. They definitely get more into the pan-spiritual than other places, with a book to cover pretty much any shtick. It is a bit too generic, though. I like places where I really get a solid sense that they're coming from a particular viewpoint, but Shakti was really a buffet of hippie-dom with no real connection. I didn't end up buying anything just because of this, even though there were a couple cool things to be found.
4	I love this store just for it's little world of spirituality along this street called State.  I have found great books, wonderful incense, lamps and some fantastic music.  It is a little small and if it were bigger it would be better.  They could use some Feng Shui to better help in the flow I think.
2	I am grateful there are shops like Shakti available to help the seekers out there research new avenues of consciousness. That being said, comparing it to other shops in the same Genre it seems to be lacking its heart or focus. Dabbling in just about every aspect of spirituality and metaphysics you think would be a good thing but perhaps it has to do with not having a central strong point or passion but it just left me feeling meh. The staff is rarely ever friendly or helpful and often seem to have a bit of a snobby attitude. I always look there because its the type of place that I would normally find things at but I rarely every buy anything. To be honest I always end up going to Mimosa down the street or wishing that I had. One of the most important aspects of a metaphysical store is the energy it puts out there. The knowledge of the staff and the gratitude they put out there is very important. I would rather shop somewhere else where I feel appreciated, noticed, and where they might have something inspiring to say. Shakti is really more about the appearance of the spiritual and not so much about the nuts and bolts.
3	Meh, I kind of view shakti as a really fun "gift" metaphysical/alternative shop . . . . the employees don't seem to be serious about what they are selling. While you can find a large diversity of items here - books, incense, greeting cards, bumper stickers, singing bowls, buttons, meditation flags, yoga dvds, some gemstones, etc, it does seem to be more of a "one stop shop" for metaphysical-type things. I really enjoy being in this store - excellent vibe. Shakti is a great store, but it stands as kind of a grab bag for me. . . I think Tori put it as a "buffet" of hippie items, and Luna said it lacked a heart or focus, and I would definitely agree. (For more serious metaphysical ventures, I might suggest Mimosa instead).
5	I am super bias. I've been working on and off at Shakti for 9 years. The people who work there are some of the kindest people I've ever met in my life.Things to know about Shakti: All the employees have their areas of expertise! Most of us have a good idea about most of what we sell but there's a lot of different religions/ethos/theories that we cover and we can't know everything about everything we sell. In my time there, I've learned a lot of different things about all sorts of religions. I happen to know a lot about Hinduism, the music we sell, and can recommend incense based on what you like. And other employees have the things they love and are interested in and can give you advice based on their experience. If you hit up Shakti during the day, chances are you'll meet the most experienced employees who can help you out the most. And are the first to make suggestions to go to Mimosa if its beyond their understanding. As far as what we have at the store, yeah, its a bit of a mish mosh of products, but thats also what people really like about us! Its a great all encompassing gift store. Jewelry, cards, funny toys, boxes, statues, yoga supplies.... (ok ok I'm starting to sound like a commercial) but honestly. Next time you're in just ask for Daniella. If I'm in I'd be happy to answer any specific questions you have. And I'm sure any employee will do their best to answer your questions.And yes. It smells like incense in there. A lot. And the stuff that comes from Shakti will smell like incense too. I don't even think people burn it anymore. Its just what happens when you stock that many different kinds of incense over 40 years that the store has been open!
