5	Excellent selections of wild bird feeders, wild bird food, and squirrel deterrents.Expert advice and encouragement on attracting and caring for local wild birds.Nice location, beautiful store, and well staffed store means that prices are higher than hardware stores and the web, but it is well worth it. The friendly enthusiasm  and local knowledge of the staff make this a unique wild bird resource.
5	My parents love the bird feeder that really keeps the squirrels out...they have shipped two of them to NJ from the Bird House.  So, they told me to give them 5 stars because in all of the years of having bird feeders ravaged by squirrels this is the first one to really keep them out.  They also said it's very entertaining as well because once the squirrel steps on the bar, the holes for the food are shut and the squirrel hangs on until he gives up.  This lets all of the beautiful birds come feed without those pesky squirrels.  (It doesn't really keep out the bears, but that's another story)
5	I really enjoy feeding backyard birds, something I inherited from my father who still does it every day at age 82.  BHOTG has become a favorite haunt since it opened in Piper Glen shopping center.  Everyone at the store is more than ready to help you get the best results from your backyard feeders!  The store has a huge selection of custom seed blends in various sizes.  They also have a customer reward program for regulars.  Be sure to check out their selection of bird feeders, baths and gardent decor.  It is a great places for gift buying too. They sponsor regular bird walks on the greenway. I have had even more success feeding and identifying birds at my feeders with the help of this place and I love supporting a local bussiness.
5	Love this place!  Carol and Jay are so very knowledgeable and are very interested in what's happening in my backyard.  I am a novice when comes to birdwatching and feeding, but thanks to them I have really embraced this new hobby.  I also like feeding the squirrels and they do have quite a few things for those of us who feed them also.
5	I bought a cheap bird feeder and some cheap seed at walmart a while back, and the lady who lives in the apartment below complained about the seeds spilling onto her porch. The birds could empty the feeder in 3 days (mainly because they were spilling more than they were eating, it seemed).I came to this store for advice, and the owner could tell (from my blurry phone pics of spilled seed) that I was using cheap seed full of "fillers" that eastern birds don't really like. That's why I had the mess - they were rooting around in the feeder and spilling the filler seeds to find the ones that they wanted.I bought (at his suggestion) a bag of unshelled sunflower chips, and a mounting arm so that I could hang my feeder off of my balcony (so any seeds would fall into the grass, rather than my neighbor's porch).It has been over a week: The birds STILL haven't managed to eat all of the sunflower chips I initially loaded into the feeder, despite visiting just as frequently as they did before. It looks to me like they're actually eating the seeds, instead of spilling them. The porch below mine has stayed clean, and I haven't heard any complaints from my neighbors since.I am very happy with the products and the advice I received from this store, and I will definitely be visiting again.
