5	I can leave Massage Envy after a massage and a facial for $80 total and feel like $1,000,000 !!!!!
4	My husband booked me a massage and facial here last weekend.  My massage therapist's name was Andrew and he specializes in Deep Tissue.  He is the first massage therapist from a Massage Envy that actually listened to me and did an excellent job.  The lady that did my facial was good, but I do not like how they tend to push their products on you at the end of the treatment.  Afterwards, all I want to do is pay and leave instantly to go home to continue the relaxation process.  Unfortunately, I felt that that they expected you to purchase their facial products even after I said I really wasn't interested about 3 times.
4	Great little location!  After driving a whopping 16 hours a massage was exactly what we needed.  T and I were able to walk in and get appointments immediately!  Very relaxing and it was fun to have a different therapist than my usual.
1	I went to this Massage Envy location after a long week at work and signed up for the 90 minute massage. It was going to be the perfect way to start my Sunday and next week off right... WRONG!! I was sooooooooo disappointed with this location. First off, I walked in and unfortunately, one of the neighboring buildings had a sewage leak of some kind and this location reeked something awful. I was surprised when I got into the massage room that it didnt smell so I was relieved but then.. the gal offered me some up-sells, the aromatheraphy lotions. Normally I don't buy into this because there's not really any point, but today I was in a spending mood so I said yes to the mint. Well, it was too bad because they were sold out of mint so the gal's upsell didn't get sold. She started my massage and about 15 minutes into it, she said I was extremely tight and because I wanted a deep tissue it might be too much to do 90 minutes in one sitting. I don't buy this. I've gotten plenty of massages before and frankly, I'm the customer...I'm willing to pay for a 90 minute massage and I don't think this girl wanted to work. I shouldve got off the bed right then and there, but I didn't think she was going to actually cut my massage short. Sure as sh.... she did. When she was done at 60 minutes, I said uh okay. Got dressed and went out to pay. What's funny is when the receptionist asked me "oh you cut your massage short today?" HA no. your employee did. I will not be back to this location. at all. Extremely disappointed and they made all ME's look bad in my opinion. I am only giving them 1 star because I can't give 0. Sorry, but it was that awful.
4	After seeing my yelp review, I was contacted by the store manager at this Massage Envy with a generous invite back to receive the 90 minute massage I originally signed up for. After discussing my review with her and what I had originally booked my appt for (deep tissue), she recommended their heat therapy massage. I reluctantly agreed to come back after my first experience was sooo awful, but I figured it could only get better.And it did. I'm happy to say as I said to the manager as I left "this is what I thought I was getting the first time I came in." The gal who she scheduled me with for my massage was focused, gentle (as much as you can be in a deep tissue massage) and I could tell she was really in-tune with making sure I got the massage I needed. I am sore as heck after and still drinking lots of water, but it was welllll worth it. Also on the heated therapy massage, it was nice, but I did find it to be cold. Odd, I know, but they use a heated towel and once those things are out of the heater, they get cold quick. Luckily my gal offered to turn on the heated blanket; that helped.Anyways...I was beyond disappointed the first time I went to this massage envy, but I greatly appreciate the manager calling me to follow-up and offer to fix my experience. I no longer have an awful taste in my mouth about this place. and the next time I need a deep tissue massage, I will be calling them. My gal I had was AMAZING.
1	I just called and they do not take insurance even though it says they do on Yelp.
3	I went here with a girlfriend today and we were really excited to have a girls day! We booked a couples massage for 60 minutes. Walking in was a little chaotic, there were people talking in the lobby phones ringing off the hook and sales pitches being thrown left and right. We had to wait to be helped and was greeted by a really friendly girl (forgot her name). Then we were taken back to a room where she explained the process and we signed paperwork. We then got our massages, I had Keith who was absolutely amazing!!!! I would recommend him to everyone I know. He was gentle but firm in the right areas and gave me exactly what I was hoping for. My only issue is the end..... After I was done with my massage we left the room and went out to the lobby and immediately walked in to straight chaos. AGAIN... People piled up in the lobby, phones ringing, and sales pitches left and right. We just stood there and waited until someone was available. I'm sorry but after an hour massage the last thing I want to talk about is paying for a membership and I don't want to hear any sales pitches being thrown in my face. Just simply grab my email and email me the specials and then I will decide what I want to do. I would also maybe suggest having a bigger lobby and a room where you can sit down and talk one on one with your potential customer about the benefits etc... of having a membership. This place needs organization. Best part about my experience was my massage an that's all that counts. Ask for Keith when you go!!
4	We have tried out a few locations for Massage Envy in the Phoenix area and thus far this is our favorite one.  Locations here seem to have some major differences from the Orlando locations: i.e. seating areas in Orlando were Tranquility Rooms that had a private seating area with mini water fountains and soft music, and booking an appointment can almost always be made the same day here, while in Orlando you normally have to book no less than a week in advance to hope for an appointment time.The masseuses we have had here have almost all been excellent, give or take one or two that just simply weren't our "style" and not bad by any means.  The front desk staff is always helpful over the phone and upon arrival / departure.  Side note: Check into this location to get a free sugar foot scrub upgrade!Overall: A-We are members, so of course we will be back!
4	First-timer here this week and the experience was good. They were able to get me in on very short notice and I really enjoyed the 90-minute massage. My biggest complaint is they try to up-sell you quite a bit. I was not interested in buying a package but boy they tried hard to sell me one! They also up-sold me on the 90 minute massage (I was originally booked for 60 minutes) but it turned out I was glad for the extra time.
5	Love this place.  Also have had a great experience with this location.  They are all great here!
5	One of the best Massage Envy locations. As a newer spa, the management has done an excellent job creating a family culture. The staff at the desk know and greet you when you walk in. The variety of therapists is really good. I have a fav, and I'm not saying who she is because I don't want you all to book her ...so then I couldn't get it. But, there are many there that are great., If you like deep work, there are several who can do trigger point and nail your issues.  I was in yesterday...going back on Friday.
5	I found a therapist here at Desert Ridge location that is THE most intuitive therapist I've EVER found. I hope disclosing Alicia's name doesn't make her so busy I can't get in, but it's worth the risk. I've been a member of M.E. Since their first location opened years ago. Alicia is the best therapist I've ever had and I didn't review until I'd experienced her massages three times. She knows all the physical aspects, but her intuition is what sets her apart from any other therapist I've ever experienced. Each time I've been there, she tunes right into wherever it hurts and makes it vanish. She can make my body stretch and relax like I've never experienced, and I do get massages on a regular basis. I'm glad her schedule is late in the day, I can almost roll off the table and into bed (good thing it's a short drive home) and get the most restful night sleep ever.
5	Excellent two hour massage with Shylia.
2	Had an appointment for a ONE hour massage. Arrived 15 minutes early, quickly filled out paperwork and waited. Got called back 5 min after my appt time, my massage didn't start until 10 minutes after my scheduled appt time and then ended 10 min early so instead of a one hour massage, I really got a 40 minute mediocre massage.
4	First off I would like to say that I have received the best massages over the past few months from Andrew. He really knows what he is doing and I am so sad he is going to be leaving soon. The reason I am giving 4 stars is because when I had signed up for my membership I was told that my next massage would be free, which is great. So the months go by and I still thought I had an extra massage on my account, I was only using 1 per month and I should have 13 in a 12 month period so I call to book an hour and a half massage, wanting to split the extra one I had to 2 sessions making them each an hour and a half (hope that makes sense). I was told A) that I didn't have an extra massage and that they don't "practice" that and B) that they also don't "practice" splitting the massages when it clearly states on their website under memberships that they do. I didn't even get to speak to a manager, he just kept placing me on hold to ask these questions to the manager. They made me feel kind of stupid for even asking about it in the first place. They did end up giving me a credit to "use however I would like", but this still made me feel like they thought i was lying to them.
5	I've been a loyal member at this Massage Envy location for 2 years now, and have always had a wonderful experience. Never had a mixup in my appointments, always able to change my appointment if my originally scheduled one doesn't work out. I usually go to Tim and he's absolutely the best if you need deep pressure. He also offers ways to stretch and take care of your body in between sessions. I hope this review doesn't get him too overbooked.  Aside from the great service, I would definitely recommend this location because of all the shopping and errands you can get done after you're relaxed, or you can enjoy lunch or a movie.
5	my wife and I had great massages Saturday the 26th.  Jessica gave me the best 2 hour massage !!  I will definitely go back and ask for her.until next time.andy gervase
5	Ok I called in to this location to request a therapist that has strong hands and brings the heat. And they referred me to Abigail the great.Oh my GOD her work exceeded my expectations. Long story short I scored 30 pts in my basketball tournament just two days after! Everyone on the team asked me if I had am energy drink before the game because we could all see the difference. I was out there dunking like Kobe bryant. I will be going back soon especially if I can have Abigail everytime I might even join!
1	Horrible experience. My husband and I tried this location based on the good reviews. Our massage was precisely 35minutes (started at 9:11pm, ended at 9:46), mine therapist had no experience, when I was done, I felt nothing was done to my back. I even asked her to go deeper on the sorest part of my back, feel nothing. Then, they did this 15 minutes of the stupidest 'foot scrub therapy' on us. Ain't no therapy if the only thing they did was applying the sugar paste and wiper it right off! We were done, dressed and out the door by 10:05pm. This was our first time there, needless to say we were very disappointed and will never go back there again.
1	This place is awful.  I sat there for 20 minutes before they finally told me that my therapist wasn't coming in for another hour.  I would give it zero stars if I could.
2	I've decided I just can't love this format. My sense when I first walked in the door is that this concept probably doesn't hang onto their professionals long, and that was supported when I went back for my 3rd facial to find that my aesthetician was no longer there. No phone call, no notification, they just inserted another aesthetician.And it's that front-desk operation that really drives me crazy. It's like a fast-food restaurant counter, populated by overly confident youngsters who, when not giving you the hard sell on annual memberships, are gossiping and chattering like the high schoolers they appear to be.  The quality of the facials has been fine, but if you're not willing to sign up for a membership (which I'm not), the spa price isn't worth the fast food experience.
5	First of all, I used to be a member long ago, but had several bad experiences at another location. I decided to give it another try as this new location is very close to my house.What a difference. The staff (Matt) was very helpful guiding me to the person that he thought would help me most. Jinnea was my massage therapist.  I am happy to say that this does not look or feel like the Massage Envy I went to 3 years ago.Matt was great. Jinnea was great. All the staff looked busy and helpful. The best endorsement I give is this one:I will be back.
5	I wanted to write a review about Michelle and Rocio, who work at the front desk. They have to be commended for their phenomenal customer service because they are 2 of the best that I have experienced at almost any business. These two always greet you with a smile and by your name right when you walk into the place. They treat me like I'm family (Actually no, they treat me way better than my family). In any case, these two are excellent at what they do and they make the process go by seamlessly. I can say with great confidence that Michelle and Rocio will be in upper management one day. And I know that because they provide great customer service, they are proactive and take care of issues before you have to ask, and they always have a positive attitude. They are a vast difference from the bozo's that I normally experience in customer service. For anyone who goes in there next time, make sure to compliment Michelle/Rocio and write a nice yelp review (like me)! Keep up the great work you 2!!! -Arthur O.
5	Massage Envy at Desert Ridge in Phoenix is another bright spot in this company's network. The entire team is focused on making sure that your experience is always the best. Yesterday, I had the pleasure of having a massage with one of the best - Tina!  She was expert in finding those areas of concern; using just the right pressure.   I enjoyed a 1 and 1/2 hour session in which I also upgraded with their Deep Muscle Therapy.  I walked out feeling amazing. I have experienced massages throughout the world but I rank Tina's massage as one of the best.
5	Love Rema for facials!!!
5	Since joining Massage Envy at Desert Ridge I have made massage part of my life.  Before joining I always had an excuse why I didn't have the time.  This location has been a great experience all around!  And Noushin is absolutely amazing.  She not only works out the knots in my body but she always puts me in a great place mentally.  With her it is all about mind, body, spirit.  She genuinely cares and loves what she does!  Amy is also great if you like deep tissue.  I have never had any problems or issues with this location.  I have also seen many different therapists here and none of them ever disappoint!
