5	Im a fan of Kinkos or Now the Fedex Office and Shipping center. Friendly Staff. Quick Service. I needed a card to be laminated and it took minutes and cost a little over a dollar. Even if i had to wait in line the wait has been minimal and ive been on my way.
1	Another bad experience with horrible customer service. I went here to pick up a package and I stood at the counter for about 5 minutes before anyone offered to help me. Finally when someone acknowledged me I wasn't greeted or anything. The girl at the counter made me feel as if I were bothering her. I don't understand if people don't want to deal with customers then they should seek a job where they don't have to deal with the public!
1	Chantrell? You either need more training in customer service, or you need a new job.My twenty minutes in the store simply trying to mail two paper envelopes was a huge waste of my weekend.It is your job to take customers in order, based on how they line up. If some lady jumps in line to drop off her seven boxes and one of them needs to be repackaged to your specifications, put her back in line. Stop blaming your ineptness on working on camera. It's a poor excuse. It was also shameful to charge her almost $5 for three sheets of brown packaging paper. If the customers are not supposed to use the mailing labels provided, why do you make them available? Either use them or replace them. If you can't read my handwriting, just tell me and I will help you do your job. Stop blaming the need to verify the computer. The computer only takes what you put into it. Clearly you can not run a store by yourself, especially in the middle of the afternoon rush when eight customers are in the store all at the same time. At least you apologized to the one customer you never helped. You said, "I'll be right there" and never helped him at all. He left, with a disgusted look on his face. I saw him in line at the post office. At least we know what we are in for at the post office. Not all employees are cut out to work in a customer service job. Maybe you are one of them...
