4	I was able to make a same day 1 pm appointment with Ron in the Venetian Canal Shops.  The Royal Shave cost $55 and was well worth it to be "man pampered" while the gf was getting a massage at the hotel.  The shave was relaxing without any pulls or tugs on my whiskers.  The shave was very smooth and all the added oils and aftershave left my skin feeling healthy and well nourished.  Ron even touched up my mini moist ache and cleaned up the back of my neck.  For an hour-long pampering I highly recommend The Art of Shaving.  It would be a great think to do before a night on the town.  The ladies will notice!
4	Pretty fun adventure here.  I came in because I had previously checked out their web site when researching purchasing a double-edged safety razor.  I am glad I stopped by because the sales assistant took the time to educate me on the need for oils, brush & cream, and moisturizer post shave.  I realized I have been rushing it for many years with my typical Edge Gel and Fusion razor....and getting unwieldy results despite paying a lot for Fusion cartridges which is what got me looking at the old fashioned double-edge razors in the first place. Anyways, treated myself to some shaving kits and a new Merkur razor.  Happy so far!
4	I popped in recently while on vacation and will echo the other reviews - Ron did a great job on my head, but as has been pointed out he uses hot lather from a machine, etc.  However at the end of the day, my head was quite smooth!  They do aggressively up-sell, so either they work on commission or have a tough time making rent.  Either way, it is a bit off-putting so I will be buying their stuff online in the future.
5	Came over from my stay across the Street at The Mirage. The Royal Shave and haircut by Ray was great! The royal shave is always a treat; a man-cial if you will. Reyna the former manager from the Mandalay Bay store is here and is friendly and helpful. Though you can order from the website she will also do mail order and give you a 10% discount on same day as your service at the barber spa.  Great friendly service!The AOS product is great and a great way to pamper yourself daily. It makes shaving more than a mundane daily ritual.I'll be back next time I'm in Las Vegas!
5	I'm very picky about who cuts my hair and must admit that I walked away from The Art of Shaving at the Venetian highly impressed. Ask for Mike, he's been in the business for 30+ years and can do a superb fade, traditional men's haircut, et al. Best haircut in Las Vegas, don't go off the strip.
5	In town with buddies for March madness and decided to splurge on a good haircut. Ended up getting the cut, royal shave, and a goatee trim while there.  Awesome experience and very relaxing for around $100.  Master barber Ron DiMascio who is very experienced did a great job!
4	My husband let me talk him into letting me book him an appointment for a little pampering, and really enjoyed their service.I got him the Royal Package, with includes numerous products, hot lather, and a straight-edged razor shave.  He is in no way the type of guy to fuss about his appearance (unless he is in uniform), but for two days following, he kept touching his face and exclaiming how nice it felt! He is usually the type to have a five o'clock shadow by 1pm, but it lasted for a good two days. All razor handles are designed to fit Gillette standard razor heads, so it won't cost you a fortune to replace them. Finally, I have something to give him for birthday and holidays! I will definitely be sending him back.
5	Mike  is an amazing barber. I was his last appointment, so he took his time. He's a talkative chap with a great life story.  Hands down, this was the best haircut/ shave I've gotten.
5	WOW! What a great experience, and I honestly do believe, that Ron Dimascio was a HUGE part in making my first time here an amazing one. I wish I could have him give me a shave every day! I have never had my beard shaved by anyone else before, and honestly I was a little bit nervous, but Ron was so great, and explained every part of each step. It was not only a "shave" but it was also a learning experience. You might think you "know" your own face, but its interesting when someone else can educate you on your facial hair growth. I am so glad that Ron was my Master Barber that day, and I will most definitely be back to see him again. If this is your first time here, make sure you request Ron!
4	My son and I thoroughly enjoyed our recent experience here. I received a royal Shave and haircut from Carlos..my son a haircut with Master barber Bob. Both of us were happy with the results. Everyone needs to be pampered once in awhile. carlos spent a solid hour with me..no rushing..and thankfully not a lot of conversation! His shave was among the best I've ever had. yes...you can get this done for app. 1/2 the price at your local barbershop back home........but there is something positive about taking time off while on vacation for some over the top grooming. It may not be a bargain..but in our opinion..it was money well spent.
4	I had a wedding and needed my neck beard gone. Ingrown hairs and raw sensation didn't occur until after the big day, so got lucky there. Service was excellent, price was reasonable.
5	Every trip to Las Vegas it is a must to schedule a service with The Art of Shaving. I have come here a few times and have never had a more relaxing and fantastic experience. This time at the shoppes at the Venetian with Mr. Ron. The lemon oils hot towels, even rich lathers and lavender too. Love the sandalwood shaving cream too. Coming back asap
5	What a great experience.  It's takes at least an hour which is the way it should be. Not sure what all he did but my skin has never been smoother.  Perfect solo or for a group of guys on a bachelor party.  They have a few other stores close by but it's wise to call for an appointment.
