3	My first CPK experience was here at the Mirage Hotel.  My fiance was playing at the Roulette table and the pit boss came over to say 'Hi'.  He asked if we were hotel guests and we said 'No'.  He said he hoped we'd consider staying at the Mirage in the future and gave us a food voucher for $60.  Now, that was a surprise since we were not big players and had only played for 15 minutes or so.  Casino comps guests all the time but usually to big players and only if you have played for awhile.  Nevertheless, we gladly accepted the hospitality.  We decided to give CPK a try.  The wait was horrendous!  We were in line for at least 45 minutes.  Once seated, the service was sooooo slow.  It took forever to get our drinks and for the waitress to take our orders.  Then it took another life time for the food to arrive!  We ordered Spring Rolls (Vietnamese style), Kung Pao Spaghetti with Shrimp & Chicken, and Chicken Tequilla Fettuccine.  I can't remember what we ordered for dessert or if did at all!We are not big fans of Vietnamese style Spring Rolls.  We actually ordered them by mistake thinking they were Egg Rolls (deep fried).  Duh!  So we only took a bite to taste and didn't care for them.  I fell IN LOVE with my Kung Pao Spaghetti at first bite.  It was flavorful and spicy.  Who would have thought to cook Kung Pao with Spaghetti noodles?  The peanuts gave the noodle extra kick. My fiance loved his Chicken Tequilla Fettuccine, too.  He even used the bread to pick up any sauce left over on the plate.  Yes I know, it's not proper etiquette, but this is no 5-star restaurant.  We only ordered iced tea since neither one of us is a drinker.  And I honestly couldn't remember if we ordered any dessert and if we did, what it was!  All I could remember was that we were stuffed and didn't even use up all $60!!!  We have been back to CPK at different locations since (most often at Brea where it's the closest to home), and we order the same thing every time because that's how much we like them!  I have even learned to make Kung Pao Spaghetti at home and it's a hit with everyone.  Well, I am Chinese, so I'd better know my Kung Pao!Service could vary quite a bit depending on locations.  But it's a chain restaurant, so you can expect consistency in the food quality.
3	I've been here before and I remember it being a better experience.  Maybe the place is just too mainstream now, more quantity than quality?  I don't know.  Maybe it's just because my taste buds have grown up in the past several years.We went here on a Friday night, so it was packed.  We waited for probably 10 minutes for a table.  Good thing is this CPK in the Mirage is located right next to the sports book so we could at least catch the scores.  We finally got a seat and proceeded to order drinks.  Our waiter was friendly and courteous.  We got our complimentary plate of bread (what happened to a basket?  Geez.) of like 3 slices for the 2 of us with some butter.  The bread was already cold, almost as cold as the butter.  I had to schuck it aside.  Boo.They had a few new pizzas on the menu (the Buffalo Chicken pizza stands out), but I usually stick to my fav, Original BBQ Chicken pizza on Honey Wheat dough.  But I felt different today, I wanted a change.  I couldn't decide between the Thai Chicken Pizza or the Jamaican Jerk Chicken pizza.  Our waiter suggested the Thai Chicken because it's on of his favorites.  I added Honey Wheat dough to it for my crust.  My fellow diner got the Tostada pizza.  This was his first time here, so the Mexican side of him (he's HAOLE (caucasian guy to you mainlanders)....HA HA) wanted to try this.  In between waiting for our pizzas we were entertained by lots of people.  Some big, some little, some kids...all of them happy by being out it seems.  Nice to see even in our rough economy families have time to spend with each other.  There was even this ONE guy that came in to dine with 7 chicks!  No joke!  One of the girls was getting hitched I think.  He was the spectacle of the evening.Our food finally came.  My Thai Chicken pizza looked excellent!  Fresh and bubbly from the Mozzarella cheese.  It tasted just as good too.  The marinated chicken breast went well with the peanut-ginger and sesame sauce on the pizza.  The green onions and cilantro just carried the Asian flavors.  Carrots, bean sprouts and  roasted peanuts gave the pizza some great texture and crunch.  My waiter had made a most excellent suggestion and I was pleased.  The crust was great as well, not too thick, crunchy on the crust, not doughy in the middle, and with a clean, slightly sweet taste from the honey.My friend said his Tostada pizza was excellent as well.  He liked the grilled lime chicken and the black beans and how it complimented the sharp Cheddar and Monterey Jack cheeses.  The fresh lettuce and  crispy tortilla strips on the pizza were a welcome and refreshing crunch.  The pizza was supposed to come with herb ranch dressing, but it wasn't apparent on the pizza or on the side.  It was ok, my friend said it didn't need it anyway.  Overall, he was pleased on his first visit to CPK.This place is not so bad for a quick, little bit cheaper dinner (but not by much) if you have to eat at a sit down joint on the Strip.  Average pizza price is around $12-$13 for one individual pizza.  Come on, pizza...it shouldn't be TOO expensive, even if it's gourmet! This place would have gotten 4 stars if my bread came HOT and in a BASKET (I know, strange) and if the prices were a little less stiff.  It might have gotten a 5 star if those 7 chicks came to sit with us instead!
2	HAve eaten here couple of times...nothing too special to rave about, we just like the food and it fills our tummy...the wait is sometimes ridiculous but what do you expect of Vegas?  LOL...one time we decided to sit at the bar because waiting for a table may take pretty long and we were both starving...the bar tender was pretty friendly to the guy eating next to us but ignored us the whole time...so minus 3 stars.
4	The best pizza I've ever had. Located inside the Mirage so it's a little hard to find. Very nice decor and you can see all the sports book screens of the casino if you're into that.The pizza was amazing -- I had tomato basil. Very generous portions. We went for lunch and had no trouble getting a table. Wait-staff was very nice and attentive.
4	I've been here more times than I care to claim but I'll tell you why I sometimes end up here.1) I never go when there is a wait so it's always a breeze to get in and get out.2) I often get hungry when I am in the sports book and, if you sit at the back bar of CPK, they have TVs so you can watch sports and eat at the same time.3) The people are nice at the back bar and they will chat with you as you dine, but not in an annoying way.4) If I just want a salad and maybe a cup of soup, this is a great option because CPK does overall have pretty consistently good salads (I love the Cobb).5) It's easy and it's a lower-priced option than other places around.  Not that it's cheap but sometimes I just don't feel like getting up for a big fancy meal so I just go here.I am sure I'll be back here again.  Just one note: I have never had the pizzas at this CPK but I am sure they are as you'd expect, and they do look good.  I can vouch for the soup and salad.
3	The food was pretty good, but the service was slow and unmemorable.  We left three big daiquiri glasses with blue flashing lights at the table when we left, and when we returned a little while later, the waiter 1) didn't remember serving us (ok, that's understandable) & 2) didn't remember finding THREE GIANT BLUE FLASHING CUPS!  C'mon, it's Vegas, but at least that should have stuck in your head...I'll stick with the frozen pies, my friends...
5	The first time I tried CPK and it was out in Vegas in the Mirage Hotel & Casino! haha  I went during brunch time with my best friend while the boys were in a poker tournament. The pizza was delicious! I order the buffalo chicken BBQ pizza, it was a good portion, I finished the whole thing and did not feel stuffed. We didnt have to wait too long in line to get seated which was cool....I guess it is because we got there at a decent time. It was cool watching all the gamblers and party drunks walking in and out of the casino! haha, very entertaining. =)
4	As stated in a previous review for another chain in Vegas, I like supporting local restaurants. However, I'm vegan, so my food options were somewhat limited while visiting Las Vegas.It was a nice surprise when I asked about vegan menu options, the hostess at CPK pulled out a LIST of items appropriate for me! That has never happened to me at a chain restaurant before! ("Vegan? I don't know what that is.")The pizza I got was really good, the service was good, but there is a price mark-up here...about $2 more than regular CPK's. Other than that, no complaints!
4	This was a nice, affordable option to have on the Strip.  Food was good and service was great in the bar area.  It's in a great area for those gamblers who just want to take a quick break from the tables/slots.
3	The first time we came here i would give it a 5 start rating. The waitress was fast and friendly. The salad i had was absolutely divine and made to my preferences. My boyfriend had the Jamaican Jerk pizza and said it was perfect. The prices for both dishes are very affordable.The second time (2 days later) was a completely different story. The waitress straight up sucked. I asked if i could have my greek pizza without onions. The waitress tells me that its pre-made and i will have to take them out myself. When i received my pizza it looks gross. It was LOADED with onions and it was very obvious that they cook the pizza first, THEN add the Greek topping and avocado slices. I had to pick out every little piece of onion. By the time i was done, the warm part of my pizza was cold. My boyfriend ordered a Santa Fe Chicken pizza and said it was terrible.I would consider going once more to try other (hopefully more savory) options.
5	I was at the California Pizza kitchen at the Mirage on April 12th, 2009. It was Easter Sunday and we had all woken up from a long night of gambling and partying. We decided it would be the perfect spot after hittin the swimming pool at the Mirage. Two of my buddies ordered the BBQ chicken pizza and I had ordered a Pepporoni Pizza and my other buddy ordered a Pepporoni Supremo. When our orders had come out, the portions didn't look too big for the amount they cost. But once we all took a bite of out of our pizzas, we thought it was worth every penny. The BBQ chicken pizza didn't sound like a good idea to me, but once I took a slice, it bursted with flavor. My pepporoni pizza was just perfect and the pepporoni supremo was even better. It had a few additional seasonings. The crusts were thin and they weren't overly greasy. The service was perfect and we loved every moment of our visit! Great pizza, great service! Check it out!
3	I am only familiar with this place because of the frozen pizza I see at my grocery store.  My husband and I decided to give this place a try since we were going to the Mirage.  The line was pretty long when we got there but only waited a few minutes because the guy who works behind the counter came out and grabbed a few people who didn't mind sitting there.  So we had our dinner at the counter next to the beer tap, the kitchen door and all the cooks.  I didn't care we were not there for the ambience.     We both ordered a pizza with pineapple and pepperoni.  I ate half of mine and my husband ate all of his and the other half of mine.  He is a fan for sure, but frankly I like the frozen ones better.  At least if I cook it myself I know it's actually cooked.  Good service and a plus for not having to wait in a long line to eat, but the food is Meh.
2	I frequent California Pizza Kitchen in the northwest suburbs of Chicago, so when my mom suggested going to this CPK, while on vacation in Las Vegas, I said, "... but I can go there any time." Other members of our traveling group had never experienced CPK, so we ended up giving this one a shot. Sorry for the pun, but it was worth the gamble.While waiting in line for seating, I changed my mood and looked forward to the meal, wanting to order my favorite CPK meal, Chicken Milanese. Sadly, when I finally got a chance to open my menu, there was no Chicken Milanese listed! The California Pizza Kitchen website lists the dish as one of its specialties, so this came as a surprise.I went for my second favorite option (again, not pizza), the Original BBQ Chicken Chopped Salad, dressing on the side. I split it with my neighbor, who ordered the Original BBQ Chicken Pizza. The pizza was fine but the chicken in the salad, moist as it was, lacked enough BBQ sauce and thus zing that usually accompanies the crisp, fresh combination of ingredients in this salad. My table asked for the sourdough bread to eat while waiting for the food. We got a pathetic hole/airy looking loaf along with some cold butter. We ate it and asked for more - no carb concern here, especially on vacay - and the second serving was better. The wait staff took care of our requests with smiles and also refilled our waters and drinks regularly. Nonetheless, the food failed to match up to the standards that other CPK's have accustomed me to. My group, including first timers, enjoyed the experience overall, so I think they will be pleasantly surprised by the California Pizza Kitchen experience at home.
4	I ordered a pesto chicken pizza to go and ate a red velvet cake there. It was moist and soft but the frosting was a little bit too sweet for me. While waiting at the bar for our pizza the waiter got confused and gave our pizza to the customers dining in. So we have to waited another ten to fifteen extra minutes for our pizza, but it was worth the wait.
3	No different than a normal CPK.  Grabbed a later night pie and ate it in the room.  Went BBQ Chicken, their specialty.  Good as always.Good service and food came out fast.  Another bonus for the Mirage.
4	Out of all the places my boyfriend and I ate at while we were staying in Las Vegas this was the best service and food wise. This California Pizza Kitchen is location within the Mirage hotel so it made it convenient as we were guests of the hotel.The food came out fairly fast and they give you bread & butter to snack on while you wait. I ordered The Works pizza and my boyfriend ordered the Jambalaya pasta. My pizza was pretty self explanatory with various amounts of ingredients and was well made. My boyfriend's Jambalaya was pretty delicious as well, has the perfect amount of shrimp and chicken included and very well flavored.If our waitress was busy and our drinks were empty another server would ask if we wanted refills. This location is on top on their service and it's always nice to visit a restaurant that works as a team. I would highly recommend this location!
3	Typical CPK.  We like CPK pizzas especially with the whole wheat crust.  But it is a bit pricey for what you get.  This one did not disappoint on the food.  We were expecting it to be pricier than it was because of the location. (so hard to find a good, cheap meal on the strip proper), but it wasn't bad.  Still more money than we wanted to spend, but the Greek pizza was really delicious and made our tummies happy. Service was just fine.
2	Total disappointment, especially from The Mirage, which I value. Huge line, seeing that I only wanted take-out. I've only had CPK in New York and wanted a late night snack. A man with white side-burns took my order. Very rude. I know he had to keep walking in and out for orders but he ignored me so many times, doesn't know how to shed a smile. Maybe he should work in NYC. Then again, the people in the CPK NYC locations are nice. Too me all the way to the side to order and when I ordered, he quickly walked away from me before I could even finish my question on sitting down while waiting. Yes, I stood there like an idiot with hundreds of stares in the back. I'm Cher, baby.Whatever, I just sat down and he handed me my check and gave me my change back without a "thank you"with just a box. Dude, where's my bag?
2	Typical CPK.I'm surprised that none of the CPKs offer any sort of gluten-free option for the pizza. Never my choice to go here.
4	great late night meal.It is CPK...Very consistently good....we love the pizzas and the pastas and the killer HUGE Saladscan't go wrong here!
3	Me being an avid fan of pizza, I would probably would put this under an OK review.  The place was in the middle of Mirage, some where and of course it was packed.  We were hoping to beat the long lines, but unfortunately the lines were long, no matter how early we went before lunch.  We were there to buy show tickets and wanted to check it out.  I never been to the California Pizza Kitchen before.  So why not.  The place itself, seem smaller then I expected to be for a Pizza Parlor.  So you got people standing in line, waiting on tables, cause the place was jammed packed.  Not sure how long we waited but a good 30 minutes that went by and didn't really see the front of the line.  But they had staff going around, asking if there was a party of two, which was the wife and I.  Kind of felt bad that we had to pass up those before us.  But we were told that it would be right in front of the bar.  So its not an actual table, its the bar.  The place you actually sit at, to see people pour you a beer right in front of you.  So, not only was it awkward to go before others, but kind of awkward to be sitting next to a beer fountain and eat pizza, especially if your not drinking beer.  Overall, the place is easily crowded and not as roomy, but it probably be nicer, if it was less crowded.  We had California Pizza Frozen Pizza before, in which I probably would prefer the frozen pizza over the pizza parlor.  The pizza was okay, but seem a bit flatter then the frozen pizza.  Getting a personalize size pizza, is kind of cool, but I wasn't really digging it as much.  It look like, they did take their time cooking it, but it did look like they just threw it all together and toss it in the oven.  Not knowing if the peperoni is sticking together or stacked.  But it was edible, and it did feel me up.If you do ever get a chance, probably go when its not busy.  Probably get a table that hasn't have some one pouring a glass of beer in front of you every 5 minutes.  Otherwise, your probably better off with the frozen version.   But if I came here in better circumstances, then maybe, I'll like it more.
4	It was just what you would expect from a California Pizza Kitchen - which I love.  Get the Thai Chicken. so tasty!
1	GROSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HORRIBLE SERVICE! The food was sooo disgusting... nothing like what i remembered CPK to be like :( We had the artichoke spinach dip it was cold then they took it back and put it in the microwave and it was still gross, the pizza had no flavor just a glump of cheese that didn't even have taste...WILL NOT GO BACK...save yourself the frustration.
1	Ate here before seeing Terry Fator. This is my first time eating at this chain. I was NOT impressed. Freschetta FROZEN pizza tasted better than this place. The prices were ridiculous. For the same price I would rather go to Settebello's. They are the BEST pizza in town! Save your money and forgo California Pizza Kitchen.
4	Gotta say that for pizza and salad, it is hard to beat CPK.  We bypassed the stupid 100+ people line waiting for the Cravings Buffet at the Mirage and were first in line for the 11am opening at CPK.   Two people, two half salads and a thin crust pie was a winning combo.  Simply, solid fare and we could study the horse race lines as well.  I made my first ever horse track bet during this meal.  Damn you "All the Figs Men"!
2	Everytime I fly through Vegas, I always end up at California Kitchen when I'm waiting to board a flight.Like most business folks, I am in need of a quick meal and to use the free wifi to tap into my laptop.I always seem to get asked to sit at the bar even though there are plenty of open tables in the dining room - specifically designed for single travelers (one to two chairs per table).I always insist on having a table as I like to work and have space.This visit, I was overcharged for food & given the incorrect order. When I informed my waitress that she gave me the incorrect order; she told me she'd take it back. My bill still came out incorrect & I had to request a refund.I know that having a 'rush' of people come through can be a bit hectic but I really dislike being treated like cattle. It isn't too difficult to get an order right as well as a bill. Most people would not care about being charged $3-4 more but it never should've occured in the first place.
3	It's CPK right? Basically yes it is. We ordered a chopped chicken salad (if memory serves) and the Pear Gorgonzola Pizza. Being only two of us this was more than enough to split and the salad was decent. The pizza was a nice light meal but had some good flavor and overall the experience was satisfying. The line can get long so timing is everything.
4	A great place to eat, watch a sporting event.
3	CPK - Mirage Casino Las Vegas http://www.mirage.com/restaurants/california-pizza-kitchen.aspxWe had just checked in the Mirage and needed a quick bite before hooking up with the rest of our group.  We stopped in for a late lunch around 2:30 or so with no waiting time for a table.  Our waiter was very good and the rest of the service was the same as well.  We found the food to be just okay and nothing really special.  We ordered their signature BBQ Chicken Pizza which was good, but the salads were pretty weak with bottled dressings.  The prices were typical to Las Vegas; it was around $60 for lunch for the 3 of us.  We would pass on CPK next time.
5	GREAT casual resto! We stayed at the Mirage and loved this place.Mr. and I went to lunch here - it was very busy, but we did go at 1:45 p.m. on the first Sunday of the NFL. It's right beside the game/sports room in the Mirage, so it's a fab place to watch the game.There were no tables available, so the hostess offered us seats at the bar, which offers the full menu too. No prob! We were trying to get fed and get out to the pool as quickly as possible!We ordered two pizzas, a glass of champagne, and a diet coke. Service was quick and friendly. Space was a'plenty to eat at the bar. Not cramped at all. It was cool getting to see the kitchen in action (they do the pizzas out front, where the bar is, and the rest is cooked in the back - read hidden - kitchen) from our seats. We also had full view of the restaurant for people watching, at least six TVs playing 3-4 different sporting events, as well as the wall of the sports book next door (http://www.mirage.com/casino/race-and-sports-book.aspx).PIZZA RATING SYSTEM GO!Crust Texture: Thin, but not so thin that it's all crunch - still a good chewy/crisp combo.Crust Flavor: Starchy-sweet. Not salty or tangy. Good, mild flavour.Sauce Flavor: Nothing of note. It was there - not particularly tomatoey, not particularly herbal, not particularly sweet or salty.Sauce Amount: On the minimal side.Cheese Flavour: YUM! Salty and cheesy - tastes like real cheese as opposed to a lot of cheap pizza places.Cheese Amount: Generous - very American-style heavy-handed. Next time I would ask for less, but it's not like it made it inedible - I love cheese... just a little on the overkill side of things.Topping Quality: AWESOME! Fresh, interesting, top quality. Nice!Topping Amount: Wonderful! Verging on perfect - heavy on the mushrooms, and they were very fresh, with a wide range of types. Well done, CPK!Presentation: Nothing special - great big plates covered with your pizza! It looks very yummy though - nice and brown on top, bubbly cheese on the perimeter, no pooling oil or grease!Overall Taste: Better than delivery, not as good as most authentic Italian pizzerias. Better than the other casual joints in The Mirage.
3	Pros:Great varietyGreat for vegetariansQuality food with neat ambienceNeutral:Chain restaurant feelWaiting time can be long
4	We ate here for dinner because my friends did not want to pay the 30 bucks to eat at cravings. The line looked long, but we were seated in like 10 mins. We got seated at the bar and our bartender/waiter was named James/Jim. He was great. He seemed serious, but he was super nice and funny! The only thing that I did not like was that I was sitting at the edge of the bar next to where the waiters pick up the food. Sitting there I can hear all the problems and arguments between the waiters  and chef waiting for the food. But now I see that it is difficult to be a waiter when your ass is on the line and your co workers are being slow or getting the orders wrong.
5	I am not ashamed to admit it..........I am freaken obsessed with this place. I am no doubt California Pizza Kitchen's biggest fan. I especially love this location in the Mirage because of course Mirage is my favourite hotel when I go to Vegas. They have a mind blowing menu with something for everyone but I am stickler for what I like and I don't stray too far away from it. In fact I never stray away from it. I make it a point to go twice everytime I go to Vegas cuz the first night I just have to have the traditional Bbq chicken pizza. This is the pizza that put them on the map. So good especially if you love chunks of chicken, bbq sauce, cilantro, red onion and lots of cheese. Yummy! The second night I have to have their Kung Pao spaghetti. Absolutely amazing. It is spicy I must warn you but well worth it. A must try if you never have. It is so good I bought the CPK cookbook and the recipe for Kung Pao spaghetti is in there so one day I intend on giving it a try myself. Service is always consistently excellent and I have never once had a crappy meal. Hands down on my top ten restaurants list and will never get knocked off of it!!
1	I really don't like coming to this chain. The food is soooo horribly bad that I don't understand how it's successful. The majority of my friends who I was with in Vegas  with apparently have no taste buds.Appetizer:Compared to the other entrees, the lettuce wraps were pretty good. However, as a standalone plate, it was nothing special. Anything will taste pretty bomb compared to the pizzas and pastas that I mentioned below.Pastas:I tried about 3 different pastas from our group and they were ALL sooo dang bland! You can make better pasta by heating up some Prego and boiling some noodles at home. Definitely NOT worth even considering them. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DnalbBqgX7afqSYgO5R8iQ?select=dcidkX-AUWWi2rO_efvwKg#dcidkX-AUWWi2rO_efvwKgPizzas:The bread was crusty... Nothing can ruin a pizza like messed up bread when it's supposed to be freshly baked.
3	This was a decent place to get some food in your stomach late at night after a long day of drinking and gambling. Got a hawaiian pizza which was ok for $14 I guess. Besides that... nothing special.
1	This was my second time at California Pizza in LV Mirage. My first time was as disappointing as the second time. I only when the second time because my friend insisted on having pizza. The pizza is just not good overall., maybe I am a bit more demanding when it comes to pizza than others but this pizza really did not qualify as good pizza in my books. Not to mention your bill for two pizzas and a soda will run you over $40.
3	I mean it's chain style pizza, like Dominoes or Pizza Hut. Sure you can dress it up or make it sound or look fancy but at the end of the day, it's chain pizza.  And it's fine.  My friend and I shared a Greek Pizza here at like 2 am, service was good, food came out fast, we were able to SIT since our dogs were barking in our heels!  Pizza was good enough, I put Tabasco on it to spice it up a bit, bill was like $20.
2	This location is prime, situated directly in the middle of the casino. Definitely a lackluster experience, despite being a popular chain in my hometown.I had the fettuccine alfredo with chicken, since it's always a safe bet. The alfredo sauce was bland and the chicken tasted like it was frozen - dry, chewy, and tasteless. Granted, I'm the kind of woman that prefers chicken breast meat over dark meat, but the chicken was beyond dry! I didn't have much before my stomach started acting up.If you even have a remotely weak stomach like me, as greasy foods make my stomach churn, you know that the first jab of pain signals a LONG bathroom visit. Halfway through the meal I told my partner that I had to leave and scrammed to the nearest bathroom, which, by the way, was quite far since casino bathrooms are often at opposite ends. Three bathroom trips later, while still hugging my stomach, I am reminded of why I often stick to salads at such places.Service-wise, seating is fast and the waitress checked on us quite often. Our water glasses were never empty.
4	Landed in Vegas, the timezone change was wreaking havoc on my hunger level (it was 11am Vegas time, 1pm EST where I came from, and I had only had a protein bar and some munchies on the plane), so I was HUNGRY. Skipped all of the $$$ places at the Wynn and headed over to the Mirage for some CPK. This CPK has never disappointed; it's right off the casino so you can engage in some fun people watching while you're devouring your pizza or whatever else you ordered. It's not cheap (my wife's mac and cheese was $11 for a plate of rotini and cheese) but the food was good. The waitress was mechanical but efficient so no real complaints about the service. Thanks CPK!
2	This is for the location inside of the Mirage. I havent been on Yelp in a few to write reviews, so this review is from mid-Sept. The main reason I am giving this 3 stars is because of the service or lack of decent service inside the Mirage. As always, CPK is good and I havent had a bad pizza yet. On this visit, I had the Jerk Pizza without onions and peppers, and it was great. Price was a little high, but again it was in the Mirage. Everyone else was satisfied with the food.The server ended up getting on pizza wrong brought out a pasta dish. It took about 10 minutes for the pizza to come back out when everyone was close to half way done. There was no half off or other comp for the mistake. The other issue was is that I paid for everyones pizza with my CC, and noticed it seemed high but didnt think anything of it. When checking the final bill which was lower, the server actually added the pasta dish and charged me but had it removed.
5	The California club pizza was delicious. Avocado as a topping.. Nice!
4	always good! delicious pizzas and pastas. not very quick service, but ok. Do not serve breakfast. Prices are very reasonable.
2	Our 1st nite staying at the Mirage on 2/7 , we went downstairs and decided to order pizza for take-out.  As my daughter paid and picked up the pizza, she asked our server, Jim, for some plates. Jim looked at her quizzically and asked why.  She replied that we wanted to eat in our room.  He returned with 4 plastic lids from take out containers and asked her if she was "from the bum jungle, you know, outside?"  She was taken aback and restated that we are guests in the hotel simply wanting to eat upstairs.  He shrugged and walked away. Very upset by this exchange, my daughter spoke to the manager who was very unhelpful, simply saying that "he is usually very nice".  Well, understandably that ruined our evening, especially when we found we could have ordered a room service pizza for less, and received all the accompaniments we needed.  I will definitely be forwarding my pictures of the take-out lids/plates given to us for our dining pleasure, but feel you need to be aware of the shoddy customer service provided by your casino restaurant wait staff.  In hindsight, I wish I would have returned the pizza and gone immediately to the Mirage management.Upon our return home I reported it to the CPK offices, who - unlike the CPK #10 floor manager - acted very quickly to try to rectify this experience.  We did receive apologies from The Mirage management as well as 2 "be our guest" cards from the CPK.  We appreciate the actions of the CPK offices and the Mirage, however it is very unlikely we will return to the CPK #10 located inside The Mirage.
3	This was my first time eating at a CPK outside of California. The food and service was good.  Prices were set for Vegas so it's pricier than the CPKs that I have been to in Cali. There are plenty of other places to go to instead of here when in Vegas.  It just convenient when you're staying in the hotel.
4	Read my posts long enough and you'll find I review a lot of pizza places searching for the perfect fit.  While CPK doesn't give me Friday night cravings it is one of my favorite lunch spots on the strip.The lettuce wraps and BBQ Chicken pizza here are always consistently solid.   I can always eat a pizza by myself no problem because the taste is always on par each and every time.Being from the mid-west I prefer thick crust over thin almost all the time, but it's hard to find a better BBQ Chicken pizza than CPK.
1	It was so not good. Not even okay. After getting into Vegas I was starving I and wanted something edible; we ordered the margarita pizza and it was so bad. It was burnt and had some funky weird taste to it, like chemicals or something. And the service was sooooo slow.
3	Pretty good pizza, we had the bq chix pizza. Not too pricey, but the pizzas are kind of small.
4	Service  can be spotty here depending on how busy they are.But other than that, a CPK located right in the middle of the casino floor!?! Pretty cool.They have a great selection of appetizers, salads, pizzas, pastas and desserts. I've been a long time fan of CPK. My favs are the spinach and articoke dip, chinese chicken salad, and the California Club pizza. Almost everything I go to this establishment, if I'm with friends and family, we'll share a California Club. If I'm getting food for myself or going with one other person (like a boyfriend), most likely I'll be getting a salad.Expect prices here to be a bit higher than normal. Afterall, you ARE eating a restaurant ON THE STRIP. I believe the California Club pizza was $16.50. My family and I also ordered a Hawaiian pizza and that was around the same price also.
3	Ate here early before the dinner rush- simple but good food. Service was decent, but not overly friendly. My favorite part of this cpk is that it was a great people watching spot in the Mirage casino. Our favorite dish was definitely the salad with fruit and grilled peaches.
1	Worst service of my life. Slow service. Wasn't busy at all. Got cold bread around the same time my pizza came out. Save your money and go elsewhere.
2	Wasn't happy with this particular CPK. Our waitress seemed to "hate her job" too much. For me, personally, service is the most important thing you can offer...and this lady was NOT offering good service. Also, when I tell my hometown CPK to "make my food spicy", they actually take the effort to do so. These guys just put whole red peppers in it....I mean...even a baby could've done that. If you're craving CPK, there are other ones in Vegas...avoid the Mirage one.
2	We went here before going to the Love show. We got there about 5 and the doors opened for our show at 6:30 and started at 7. We waited in line for about 30 minutes. Now 5:30. Then we got drinks (water!) 5:45. Ordered. 5:45. Got appetizer foccocia bread 6:20. Got pizza 6:40. Shoveled our food in got check. And barely got to the show with 5 minutes to spare. This was even with letting the waitress know we were in a hurry. Horrible service!!
5	came here on a friday night right before closing and they still accepted us. my boyfriend and i came here after clubbing at 1oak and we were craving pasta and salad!  it was his first time ever eating at CPK and we both loved it! this location is in the middle of the MIRAGE hotel and it is a open restaurant.i ordered the jambalaya fettuccine and it was just a burst of flavors. the pasta had blackened chicken and shrimp, crawfish, andouille sausage and tasso ham in spicy cajun sauce! i love the spiciness of the sauce it brought the ingredients together! ( i am drooling while typing right now haha) the pasta was cooked perfect and the seafood was so good! it was nice that the meat to pasta ratio was fair. the crawfish and sausage was my favorite! i like the dip my bread with the extra sauce on the plate! i cant wait to order this again!my boyfriend ordered the italian chopped salad and he finish the whole plate! we both thought the flavors worked well together. the salad had roasted turkey breast, julienned salami, garbanzo beans, tomatoes, mozzarella and basil tossed in mustard parmesan vinaigrette. the dressing was a bit sour but it had a nice taste to it with the turkey and salami. the salad was fresh and the ingredients went well with the awesome vinaigrette!5 stars because service was wonderful! i wish i remembered his name but he constantly kept coming back refilling our waters as well as our bread! he never rushed us once even though they were about to close. in the end he boxed my left over jambalaya and ate it the next day before heading out to the pool parties the next day!
3	Not too bad. I had the tortilla soup, and my husband had a mushroom, sausage, and cheese pizza. The tortilla soup was traditional style, and was hearty. The pizza was gone, so assuming it was great. Always a line at this location, so if in a hurry eat at the bar.
1	Worst Service on the Planet. Worst. Worst. Worst. Worst. Worst. I got in on a later flight and needed to get something quick before going out and I was staying at the Mirage. I gave the restaurant a call on my way to the hotel - they would not take a phone order, even with a Credit Card. Fail One. I got there, went to the hostess stand, she informed me that to order to go I had to go stand in another line by the bar - I go back there, get in line behind two other grouchy patrons and wait. When I'm finally greeted by a server, he is rude and not friendly. I ask if I can go up to my room to drop my luggage and come back and he again was rude. When I came back down my food was waiting in a paper sack. I could not have been more happy to GTFO of that place. The food was decent and the location convenient, but I repeat, the service was awful.
1	The worst CPK. 1. Overpriced pizza which are not even yummy. 2. Careless waitress3. No customer service at all4. waited for 20 minutes for our waitress come to our table so we  can pay. 5. There was no smile on anyone's face at the place.Choose a different place to eat!
3	Always love going to CPK. There three of us. The salad and spaghetti was excellent. Took awhile to get served, bread and a waitress. She was looking right through me as I recited my order, was slow and just not interested. I'd still go back though.
4	OMG!!!!! The Sicilian pizza here is the bomb! We ate here two out of three nights while staying at the Mirage for a trade show. The restaurants proximity next to the sports bar and multi screen TV wall had nothing to do with the choice. Honest!There was no wait for our table and the rapid refreshment delivery by our waiter started us out on the right track.  The menu has a fantastic selection of pasta and the best fresh pizza that will satisfy any hunger created from working and playing. Our waiter contributed his opinions as we filled out parlay sheet for Superbowl XLVIII. With a full belly and multiple drinks, all was right with the world!
1	Overpriced. Overly smokey casino. Pizza was just okay. Wait for a table. Other places better for the price.
5	Great option if your staying at the Mirage or just passing through. Reasonably priced pizza and pasta dishes served by a friendly staff and management. I got the BBQ chicken pizza as it was to commended to me as a house favorite and I was definitely happy with this choice. Hit the spot. Will be eating here again.
3	Good food but I ate a $18 pizza by myself and could have continued. Overpriced even for Vegas in my opinion.
4	Love the tostada here!
3	went here just to see if its not like the frozen hockey puck ... ( insert humor ) While yes they are good pizza's down from the sauce to ingredient's the yellow to go boxes toss me off a bit cause then I think about the store bought ones. Things to expect on thur - sat 1.Wait times are busy its a oddly shaped restaurant so expect a wait2. Price is a bit pricey for a pizza but I guess that's because it's inside a hotel.3.Customer Service is the driving factor of this field and sometimes its a little lacking well 2 times I went. For a P.H. corp restaurant you would expect a little more friendly staff but meh There are other good pizza joint's on and off the strip oh and the customer attire various its funny to see highly dressed up people next to shorts and tee shirt people
3	Used to love CPK when I first discovered it in the early 90s and remember when this one location opened at the time at the Mirage. Well, it had been years since I had one pizza here but I was at the Mirage at the beginning of a trade show and I was first heding to the Mirage's buffet but with a $45 sticker price, I began to look for alternatives. Alternatives are not plenty here and I stumbled upon this place and though I would give a try for old times sake!My friend and I were not that hungry so I suggested that we share a pizza "Pear and Gorgonzola". It was good and one was plenty for both of us as we could not finished it. At $15 for two, it turned out to be a much better deal than the buffet (which would have been $90 for two!).I would not make a detour to come to a CPK anymore but it is still an acceptable option!
4	When I go on vacation, I always have one rule and that is to not eat where I can eat back home...there are way different and better places on vacation, you just need to seek them out.  And being in Las Vegas...you don't have to look far.So, this time I made an exception because the sign for CPK walking through the casino advertised HAPPY HOUR 3-5pm and that being 50% off beer & pizza.  Score!We arrived after 3:00 and got seated immediately.  We ordered a few pints of beer and got 3 pizzas total.  The three of us planned to split two pizzas but got a third because it was still "happy hour".  We got a chicken and garlic pizza and a california chicken type pizza with avocado.  They were both delicious!  I will admit I do not eat at CPK here in Illinois often, and I doubt they have this deal so I can't say the last time I ate at one till last week while staying at the Mirage.Everything was good here...service, quality, and price!  Consider this place for a late lunch...it's quite a deal!
1	My $50 gift card wasn't good enough. They don't accept gift cards. What??? So we left. The waiter told us there is another cpk in the mall. Our money was not good enough. So I can't even review the food. Pssstt.
5	I've visited many CPK's throughout California and Hawaii and since it's a franchise type of restaurant, I wasn't thinking of reviewing it. However, due to the great service we received at the Vegas location, I decided to do a quick review.We arrived about 20 minutes to closing and we were in a bit of a bind because we just walking around the strip and we were hungry. We were tired of buffet type food and wanted to get pizza and salad. We were afraid that we would be told that the restaurant would be closing soon and that only part of the menu would be available. Quite the opposite! We were given top level service. Our waitress was very good and was always around when we needed something.As for the food, we had the Thai chicken pizza and the Chicken Caesar salad. My friends had pepperoni and cheese. The food was as good as it is at any of the other CPK's.Good food, excellent service had us very satisfied with our experience there. Best of all, the restrooms were very clean! (That's hard to come by nowadays).5 stars for the food, service, and the cleanliness of the restrooms. Good job CPK Las Vegas!
3	happy hour is 3p-5p and the line is so long because pizza is half off then . service is ok.
3	We typically stay at the Mirage when we are in Vegas. On 4/30/14, the first day we were there we wanting something simple, so we stopped at California pizza kitchen. We've eaten there several times in the past and always were pleased with the food.We ate fairly early in the afternoon, around 430-ish, so maybe that was the reason the food wasn't quite up to their normal standards. Hubby had the pepperoni pizza, which was really good the last time we were there, but this time was just so-so. The crust was dry despite the greasiness of the cheese and pepperoni topping.I had the spaghetti bolognese, which was also dry. Had it in the past and it was excellent, but this time it almost tasted like it was microwaved before it was served.Thank goodness the bread they serve with each meal was very good. :-)
1	Not the best place to dine in Vegas, or the Mirage... I wouldn't suggest dinning here. I have eaten at much better CPK's all across the USA.
3	Ha a group of six. The initial service was quick and friendly. It took about 30 minutes from order to table for our meal. They never brought the bread and butter. The rap water smelled funny too. The Margarita pizza left a bit to be desired. There was not enough basil, tomato or mozzarella to call it Margarita. It was really a cheese pizza with basil. The ceaser salad, pesto, chicken lettuce wraps, meat lovers pizza and California club salad were all good.
2	Was just going through my review drafts & realized I never posted this one. So, this review is based on our visit on June 23rd...My boyfriend & I had just left our friends at Hakkasan & were trying to find somewhere to eat. There wasn't a lot open late-ish on a Monday night (after EDC) in Vegas but we found this CPK! I tried calling to place our order ahead since it was about an hour from closing- I didn't want the kitchen to close before we got there. When I called someone rudely told me that I had be staying at the Mirage to order for pick-up & then hung up on me. When I got there I discovered our hotel was also covered under their to-go orders... oh well, we were already there. The hostess was extremely nice & told us we could order at the bar. It only got worse from there... the bartender completely ignored us. I tried to ask if I could order & he acted as if he didn't hear and then walked away. I had to get one of the chefs to take the order. The man working behind the bar was rude, unpleasant & by far the most negative attitude I encountered during my week in Vegas. We were sober so it's not like we were being loud, causing a commotion or asking for anything extraordinary. I can understand getting annoyed with someone causing a scene but we were just trying to find a late dinner. So, one star for good food & one star for the super awesome hostess. And minus 3 for the bartender with an attitude problem. PS, thanks so much to the cook for stepping up to take our order. Probably wouldn't have gotten to eat without your help!
3	After several days of adventurous Vegas eating, I was craving something familiar and reasonably priced. So I thought CPK, can't go wrong with that. This location is inside the Mirage, in the middle of the casino.  It has an open floor plan, so you can see the casino from the entire restaurant. The service was great and the food did not disappoint. Our server was friendly, our food and drinks came promptly, and the salad I ordered was prepared well.  We even forgot a pair of sunglasses at our table, and when we returned to claim them, the hostess had kindly held them for us. But, it is just me or are the prices at this location remarkably higher than other locations??? A half salad that would normally be 10 bucks at other CPKs will run you at least $13 here. Their pizzas, normally around $13, are almost $20 here. WTF.  I know it's on the strip, but what a racket. Although I was satisfied with my meal, it seemed a bit ridiculous to have to pay more simply because it's on the strip.  So while familiar, I wouldn't necessarily say it's reasonably priced.
1	Not sure if you can give 0 stars so I will give one for the food which was good, but the rest of my experience was horrible.  Literally the worst service I have ever had.  Our server came to our table once to take the order then we never saw him.  The manager Frank brought the bill and told me he had to run my card 5 times because it kept declining but, he was able to finally get it to charge.  He said this in front of my entire party which I felt was rude and unnecessary and obviously an issue with his machine not the card.  Anyways horrible service rude managers epic fail.  Thanks CPK we won't be returning.
4	Stopped in on a whim to get a snack before our late night dinner reservations.  The spinach artichoke dip was great.  Our wait staff was constantly coming by to fill water and see how we were doing.
4	They said it wasn't going to be busy at lunch on Wednesday so wouldn't take our reservation for 11 and was very busy so we didn't get to sit together. Service was prompt and food was good. We all had good credit so we all needed separate checks which they didn't fuss over at all. I was pleased that they had a lite calorie menu.
3	We needed to be at a event (Big Smoke) and needed to eat something, but afraid of not being there on time so we drove there and had enough time to squeeze in a bite on property. We were given bread slices and butter while we waited. I've not gotten cold bread out of the fridge before. I wasn't a fan.We split a Thai chicken pizza on a thin crust. I haven't had CPK since highschool and remembered liking this. It was decent enough flavor and the thin crust had good crisp texture, but I don't like how the bean sprouts weren't trimmed and weren't as fresh as they could be. A plus was when we said we were in a time crunch as we were working a event, our server did his best to help expedite it, like bring us our check while we were eating and such. For the sports fan the dining room overlooks their sports book and have a few TVs in there playing some games. If it wasn't for a event and time crunch I wouldn't have really dined here. With it being in a casino it's a chain restaurant at tourist prices so there are other spots I rather go for $20 pizza.
2	We love CPK - but I've never been to one this bad. It took 20+ minutes to get water and about 40 minutes to get food. Salad was out about 3 minutes before pizza, pizza was soggy. Service was terrible.
1	Well my husband and I stayed at the hotel so we had dinner at this place.The hostess was super rude, she was almost shouting "HOW MANY" when we entered, no hello no smile. I surely don't expect much but being polite is part of her job. The place filled up pretty quick and since we had the table by the entrance we had people so close to our table waiting that it was truly uncomfortable to eat while starring at other people's butts. They have to change this system for sure. There were probably only 3 waiters for this whole place and they worked hard and tried to be as fast as possible to serve all their tables. Meanwhile the manager was literally walking in circles (the restaurant is shaped like one) so he was making his rounds whthout helping his struggling staff, stopping by the hostesses table to check his phone a few times and keep on walking. I'm not sure if he doesnt know what his actual job is as a manager but it drove me crazy because I work in hospitality and only a good manager keeps a restaurant great, I just felt really sorry for all the servers...The food was good by the way but service adds a lot to a restaurant experience!!
1	RUDE. We asked for gluten free crust and the waitress was super rude about saying "no". I understand you may not have it but the way she said "we don't have it" (direct quote) was disrespectful and straight rude.
1	These guys suck! Horrible people, horrible service. Do waste your time or money! Did not enjoy the experience period! Try a vending truck for better luck!
