4	What they did was incredible (I know this, because they told me several times, more on that later). My car key broke in the cold weather so I brought in the fragments, which were extremely worn down, due to the fact that car and the key are 11 years and 200K miles old. They tried to use the Vin# to look up the type of key, but my vin# wasn't in the database and they ended up eyeballing it. Their eyeball approach bulls-eyed the broken, worn-down key and saved the day.So it was kind of a big deal what they did for me? According to them, it was a monumental feat of keymastery that they undertook to save irresponsible and ignorant me from the quagmire of my helpless stupidity. Over and over again the folks at the store made me feel like a jerk that they had to rescue from utter incompetence. I don't know if they would be this condescending to every customer, or just those who really need their help. If I was a proud person, this treatment would have really pissed me off. As is, I will only dock them one star, because really, they did save me from the quagmire of my own incompetence after all.For all this, they charged me $16 bucks. Well worth it.
5	I will never be calling another locksmith other than Tri-color. My house is almost 100 years old and we have very old, complicated locks. My front door lock stopped working. I called Tri-color expecting to have them come out in the next day or so. About an hour after I called, Dave came knocking on my door! He immediately got to work. He was friendly and knowledgeable and explained what he had to do to fix it. He had to disassemble my lock, put some pins back in place (I think), cleaned it, cut my old keys back so they still worked and cut me a couple new ones also. He made sure the keys still worked in my other door before he left and told me how to keep the locks on the house AND my cars working their best. I was impressed because those kind of locks are very uncommon and that didn't impede him at all. It shows his experience. Honestly, the lock works better than it's ever worked before (at least as long as I've been in the house). Many thanks to Dave and Tri-Color!
5	We were locked out of our house on, literally, the hottest day of the year. It was after-hours (past 5pm) and several other locksmiths said we had to call back later. When we called Tri-Color Locksmiths they answered immediately and said they'd be there in 30 minutes. He arrived right on time, and had us inside in 5 minutes. Excellent service!
5	The lock on our apartment failed. I called around to 3 different locksmiths in the C-U area. One said it'd be an hour and a half to get to me (we live about 15 minutes outside the city proper) and the other said I had to call back in 20 minutes when the on-call nighttime guy was on duty. Depressed about what horrible customer service I was experiencing, I was about to give up. But Tri-Color was third on the list and man I'm glad I persevered! They came right away - he must have left minutes after hanging up - and had us inside in no time and replaced the lock. I won't call another locksmith again. These guys are great.
5	Locked my purse & keys in my car on a cold, windy Monday morning (great way to start the week), called Tri-Color and they were there to rescue me within the hour. The tech Joey was very friendly and had the job done in no time.  Thanks!!
2	This locksmith store seems to know what they are doing and the only locksmith store that is capable of duplicating my key. However, I was left standing there in the store without a word on for close to 10 minutes after requesting a key to be duplicated... When I said "Excuse me, I don't mean to rush you, but could you tell me how long the process will take?" I was given back the key by the owner and told that he would not be rushed. I responded "I did not mean mean to be rude or anything" he just walked away with his back turned against me. The other employee apologized and told me to come back another time.In all honesty, how can you be the owner of a business and treat customers with so little respect and courtesy. I am not a fan.
5	I have used so many locksmith companies thought my whole life whether it's for one thing or another, but I have not used one as good and fast as this one. From the moment that I called, the dispatcher was very nice and very polite and she said she was going to send a technician over to my site. The technician gave me a call right after had finished speaking with the dispatcher to let me who that he was on his way. He was very nice and very fast. I don't think I'm going to have to change locksmith companies anymore.
