5	I am ecstatic about Rice Paper. Finally, a place near downtown that serves Vietnamese spring rolls, pho, noodles and sandwiches with a bar as well. It is not a hole-in-the-wall type of establishment like some of those Vietnamese restaurants on the west side that you get hustled in and out before you know it. Yes, those places are utilitarian, authentic and cheap but they are not FUN to eat or be at for more than 20 minutes. Rice Paper is place to meet up with friends, have a few drinks, sample various delicious menu items and just hang out. The structure it is in has been attractively renovated and designed in an old bungalow, clean, modern yet warm so you feel inclined to sit and enjoy the atmosphere.The menu at Rice Paper is sushi style in that you are given it with a pencil and check off the items you want. If you go with a few people, you can mix and match the different items and have a Vietnamese meal tapas-style which I love because I enjoy the variety. The items I have tasted (a few of the spring rolls, the garlic noodles, shrimp appetizer, salad) were all fresh, prepared immediately after I ordered them and tasted delicious. The prices are not dirt cheap but reasonable as are the beverages. The servers and hostess were very hospitable, helpful and cared about the needs of their patrons. The food was brought out in a timely fashion (not rushed but not slow). I have been there twice in the 10 days since it has opened and am surprised at how functionally operational Rice Paper is and doesn't seem to be filled with the typical glitches that new restaurants have.The decor at Rice Paper is modern and clean (like the food). It is small and if what I see there continues, it won't be easy getting a table there during the lunch rush or weekend evenings. But I am absolutely thrilled to have Rice Paper to frequent, hopefully for a long time to come.
1	Terrible first experience.  We were so fired up for this place, but dinner was a total letdown.1) One person's dinner showed up a half hour after everyone else's.  Inexcusable.2) No Pho.  "We ran out."  Whaaaaaaat?3) Overpriced.  Significantly.4) Out of way too many items on the food/drink menu.Positives: really cute place, great menu with lots of variety.  Some fine-tuning might be able to fix the problems.  Good luck, Rice Paper.
2	So, like others have mentioned, I too was super excited about the addition of a Vietnamese joint here in Phoenix. Similarily, like others, I was let down a little bit by Rice Paper. I love love the look of the place and am hoping they can adjust a few things about the food. I have worked at Dragonfly Vietnamese Kitchen in Mesa and KNOW good Vietnamese food when I see it. I'd have to suggest that1- The wait staff know the cuisine a little better as we ordered a pho tai by its name and she didnt know what it was2- the spring rolls have more flavor and meat, less rice noodle, rolled more tightly, and maye some marinated carrots and daikon in them all . It was super filled with rice noodle, too much 3- the pho be more fragrant and less salty4- PRICES need to be lowered for the soup at least.  parking was also an issue but it can be like that in the city so nothin can really be done bout that, just be forwarned.That being said, I do think that it has potential. I will try again perhaps in a few months to check out any changes that have been made. I love the freshness of Vietnamese eating, and hope to be in love with rice paper eventually since it is so close to home!
4	Tried this new downtown Vietnamese eatery today. It was a little over-priced and the service logistics are still being worked out but the food was good. I think it will be a nice addition to CenPho lunch spots. We had the seared Ahi tuna spring roll ($4.50) which would have been better with more tuna in it but the sauce was quite tasty. The pho (noodle soup) was very good (beef or chicken pho is $9 a bowl). The aroma of the spices in the soup when they first sit the bowl in front of you made my mouth water. The place was busy but there were tables available. Still, it took quite a long time to get our food and the waiter - though very friendly and helpful - seemed overwhelmed with cleaning other tables, etc. contributing to the slow service. Luckily, however, we were in no rush. The ambiance was great - they have really done a lot to turn that small, mid-century building in to a hip downtown food spot. I will definitely go back.
5	Just writing a quick one to say, "Stop taking down a restaurant that just opened with nit picky and whiny reviews."  Rice Paper does a good job of serving Vietnamese favorites in a fun, hip environment. The thing that is 5 stars about this place is that they serve quality sandwiches.  Theirs are better than all of the other (like 3) that I've tried in Phoenix.  Celebrate the Bahn Mi, the best sandwich in the world.
4	the pho is tasty and servers are friendly.it's a new restaurant and will be crowded for the next few weeks. give it a chance to get its bearings!
3	Ok, I usually write longer more intricate reviews about a restaurant but for this new establishment I will summerize.1.  Great decor and ambience; would be better minus the flat screens2.  Friendly service; but needs more training with food and knowledge of 3.  Timing of Kitchen; if a table has two or more persons, food should come out at the same time or around the same time.  Especially when they are not sharing.4.  Food; if you specialize in spring rolls, please make sure they are rolled up proficiently.  It needs to be tight, not loose:) Flavors are good, but there could be a variation of sauce for the spring rolls.  4 rotating flavors for over 20 rolls is not a good ratio.5.  Pricing is not bad for some items, but I do agree with other reviews that for most items, the pricing is a little high for the neighborhood biz and the quality of food offered.Overall, nice place to hang with friends for a drink and nibble before the actual dinner somewhere else.I will give it a few more months for an update.  This place has potential, but not well executed. When opening a restaurant, you should be ready and able to.  If you are not, you should wait til the staff is well trained.   I believe the owner or chef is inexperience.  Hopefully, it will improve...Get to work guys!!
3	I really wanted to give four stars but the waitress was sooo wrong that I just couldn't do it. She is not the kind of server you would expect for a little restaurant like this. She seemed dazed and confused. When our entrees came out before our appetizers she said the kitchen is screwed up. Well, isn't that what waitstaff is for? Hold on to the entree until we get the appetizers. She was also very loud and shrill. Not a good start. Now, for the food: We ordered the shrimp tempura and asparagus roll with ginger sauce that was really outstanding. The traditional rice paper roll was bland and the peanut dipping sauce had a strong chocolate taste. The Ban Mi braised pork sandwich was delicious. Sweet and savory on a perfect french roll. It came with sweet potato fries that were the most perfectly cooked I've ever eaten. The ioli served with it was great. My friend's Bun was fine, but ultimately disappointing considering it it double, that's right, double what it would cost you in most authentic Viet restaurants in town. She ordered hers with chicken (which was unusual), however, it was seasoned very well. Would I go back? Maybe, probably. But if I have a hankering for Vietnamese food, this is not the place to go. But if I do, I will call ahead to ask if the waitress we had is working that day, so I know whether to go or not.
4	Mmmm tempura shrimp and peanut sauce? Soft shell crab and miso ginger sauce? Maybe it's just because I love crunchy, fried bottom-feeders and awesome sauces.... but Rice Paper provides them both at a price I can afford, and so to you all on 7th I say, HELL YEAH.
5	I can't believe some of the things I've been seeing people NAG about in their reviews for this new restaurant! I set my standards pretty high for Rice Paper and they did not disappoint! I took my wife on a date here last night because she really loves beef pho, and had been waiting for this place to open up! The atmosphere was very bright and welcoming, as well was our server! He sat down with us and quickly went over what was good and what was popular with most patrons so far. We took him up on a few of his suggestions and started with the fried calamari. I'm not sure what they bread it with but it was delicious, and the squid was perfect; not too soft, not too chewy!For our main course I ordered the Shaking Beef, which was cubed filet mignon served over onions on a sizzling platter in a special sauce, with a side of rice and grilled zuchinni... again on the suggestion of my server! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND! My wife got the beef pho... at first I was a bit iffy on it because the broth looked very clear as if it were going to be somewhat watery... but it was VERY well seasoned! Our server told us that the broth stews for at least 12 hours allowing it to achieve the best flavor from the pho spices! VERY IMPRESSED! Yes, it is much pricier than your average pho joint, but I'd rather pay a bit extra for a nice, clean and slightly upscale atmosphere! And the quality of the food is MUCH higher than the mystery meat you'll get in your bowl of pho at some other places! Well done Rice Paper, we WILL be back!
4	Not bad! Came to try the pho which is one of my fave dishes.  While it wasn't perfect, they did a pretty good job!  My main issue was that the noodles came out all in a big solidified lump.  However, once i got them all separated the flavor was great, and they served it with all the traditional sides.  (Didn't ruin it by trying to fancy it up or anything).  At the end of the meal the waiter asked what we thought of their pho vs other places.  I mentioned the noodles and he said he would let the chef know, so hopefully it will be corrected!They have a full bar, and a daily happy hour that runs almost all afternoon.  Some great deals on there, and the specialty drinks we tried were pretty good!I'm excited to go back and try it again, especially once the new-ness wears off and the staff have really settled in.  Go and enjoy!
4	The spring rolls are cheap and tasty. My favorite is the Spider Roll, which has soft shell crab. They have Pho, sandwiches and salads. They also have a bar.
2	Nothing to write home about.  The traditional spring rolls were dry and didn't have much taste to them.  The combination sandwich was decent but odd combination to have a side of fries or sweet potato fries with it. The Saigon Bun was okay - the dressing was tasty but too many dry noodles, needed a little more meat in it.  The prices ranged from being decent to overpriced.  The spring rolls were moderately priced, the sandwich was overpriced.  The small cup of orange juice was ridiculously over priced.  The actual restaurant is very modern and clean appearing - no nod to it's Vietnamese origins.  The service was okay.  Not impressed.  There are other more authentic Vietnamese restaurants in the Valley.
5	This visit was deff a 5 star!  Got the banh mi, and it was amazing!  For anyone who has never tried it, its a Vietnamese sandwich served on a baguette.  It is an absolute must, especially on the days it's too hot to eat pho.  Service was awesome - Esteban is super friendly and cool.Once again, I had a great visit with excellent food and drinks and will return soon!
4	Really good!  I highly recommend the braised pork banh mi sandwich.  Nice chunks of meat, well seasoned and not covered in a sauce; soft bread; lots of spice and pickled veggies.  The side salad  was quite nice, too.  Not just some iceberg shavings.  We had two rolls two, a spider and one other.  They had more delicate flavoring, and nice dipping sauce.  My husband wasn't quite as crazy about his beef pho.  Beautiful decor, super cheerful staff, and soccer on the TV, which will keep us there for a good long time.  We will definitely be back!  Oh, so your friend's soup doesn't arrive at the same as the rolls.  Big deal.  It was all tasty, and I'd rather have well made freshly prepared food than food that arrives all at the same time.   I didn't find it too pricey either - I mean, compared to sushi restaurants?
3	Came here last week late one evening when the bf was craving pho but all our usual places close before then.They didn't have thai tea :(Ordered 2spring rolls, one traditional and the other was a vegetarian something with tempura asparagus. The pork in the traditional was very tough. The veggie one was great. A little pricey/small compared to your typical pho joint though, as the traditional was 3.75 and the veggie 3.25 (I think I usually pay, like, 3 bucks for the same thing, but slightly bigger). They both were (described to me as) one roll cut in half. Sauces were tasty, especially the pesto stuff for the veggie one.Ben got the combination soup with meatballs, tripe, and tendon at $10 a bowl (usually we'd pay less than 6 bucks for the same thing....) He loved it, as usual.I got the chicken banh mi and the garlic fries. The meat in the sandwich tasted like your dark meat chicken (i describe it as a little funky. Not off-putting, just funky). And that's ok, but I'd prefer higher priced meat in my $8 sandwich.But the fries were Deeeelicious! I'll be back for the fries.
4	Great happy hour!!!!!! Amazing spring rolls. Just what Phoenix needed
4	My family of 4 had dinner at Rice Paper after it was recommended by a friend.  We were there at happy hour.  We thought the pricing was great.  We had 4 alcoholic drinks and 3 non alcoholic and all were tasty.  We enjoyed the calamari, beef pho, several fresh spring and crispy rolls, a sandwich and garlic fries.  We were disappointed dessert wasn't available as everything up to that point was scrumptious.  Seating for 4 was tricky since most of the low tables seat 2.  We pulled some tables together and they were a little uneven but the quality of the food overcame all obstacles!
5	We tried 2 of the spring rolls and then each got the Beef Pho- we loved it! From the ambiance, to the crowd, to the friendly owners who frequently (but not obnoxiously) checked in on us throughout the meal- this place was awesome. We are always looking for new, fun independent places to grab a bite, and this is a new favorite of ours. We would take friends from out of town here in a heart beat- which speaks volumes! While their prices weren't cheap, I believe the quality of the food was well worth it. Looking forward to going back!
3	This place has a fun atmosphere and a big selection of spring rolls (which are very tasty!)  The food is pricey compared to other Vietnamese restaurants in the valley - pho is almost twice the cost but it tastes good and the meat is very lean, whereas the other places tend to have a good bit of gristle.  They were also nice enough to split a bowl for us since we were sharing a various selection of things off the menu.  I stuck with a 3 star rating because I did not have a good service experience and also because, like I said, it's quite pricey.  But, I do recommend trying this place out, it's something a little different and we enjoyed our food :)
5	Most amazing service! The food is common pho and buns but the main attraction is what drew me in it's not your typical Vietnamese restaurant it's a SPRING ROLL BAR!! Fantastic drinks! Great addition
4	Great ambiance, good location, decent food and mediocre parking. Down town had been lacking a trendy nuvo take on Vietnamese food, and this nicely fills the void.The menu is full of rolls $4-$5  Bhan Mi's $8-10 and Pho` . I opted for the vegetarian bhan mi with tofu and shitake mushrooms. $8 it came with a side of sweet potato fries.  I like the idea however in practice the sandwich was a bit dry, I  mostly got bread flavor and it would have been nice if they cut it in to two smaller hand sized pieces instead of one long roll. The fries were done well which can be hard for sweet potato fries and came with a aoli and ketchup. Really its 3.5 stars.There also is a nice bar and they do have a hppy hour where rolls are $1 off.
5	I was headed to the Firehouse for firebreathing Show and a great dj but dropped in Rice Paper to burn some time and have a drink. I ended up staying at Rice Paper till almost midnight hanging out with the owners Lan and Hue who are extraordinary funny sisters I will call Hue Hollywood from here on out! Service is perfect, feels like family, food is dead on, I ordered the shaking beef, which was Cubes of Filet Mignon sauteed in this super " I could die for this sauce" with a nice plate of steamed rice with a  side with grilled zucchini. Hue also makes a mean Grey Goose with a splash of Pineapple!!!!! "Picture her splashing pinneaplle juice many times here" I also ordered the traditional Summer Rolls, they were heavenly. I can't wait to go back !!!
5	Small place....awesome spring rolls!
5	Went for lunch.  It's still within two months of opening and it's doing well from the size of the crowd.  Parking is a bit of a challenge and you may have to park across the street (or in Amigo's Appliances lot as I did...not suggested).  The atmosphere is a nice change from most Pho places.  It has a modern, slightly contemporary feel to it with all the amenities of a social meeting locale (good bar, few small TV's in the corners above the bar).  Walls are exposed brick and it has the now required community table.Had the Pho and it was outstanding.  Tough to find good Pho generally in Phoenix but their's is impressive.  Fun, upbeat staff.Only hit was that it did take a little time to get the food but nothing too lengthy.Try it out!
4	I went for lunch. After reading some of the earlier reviews, I went early (11:30) anticipating parking issues and limited table availability. I was able to park on a side street with no problem and just a short walk across 7th. The private tables indoors were all taken, but there was availability at a community table as well as the bar. I sat at the bar and was helped right away. The entire staff was very friendly. I ordered the Pho Tai and it was very good. A little spicy, but that's the way I prefer my food. I also had the iced coffee that I had read about in a review, very tasty. Good atmosphere, good food and good service.
5	So far the BEST vietnamese I've found in the States.  Thats saying a lot- even though I still need to hit up some more places in LA.  I was questionable of this place at first because the atmosphere is a little trendy and hip and our waiter was white.  When I find a really good vietnamese its usually in a sketchy place with waiters who barely speak english.  We got the spider spring rolls as suggested by the server which were AWESOME.  Then we both got pho- one chicken one beef.  The pho was some of the best I've ever had.  The broth had amazing flavor.  They had a special spicy "grandmas" sauce (which resembled the red pepper flake oil stuff you usually get a vietnamese places) but this spicy stuff was extra special and sooooo good.  I love spicy.  Its a little pricier than the typical vietnamese spot, but worth it.  Everything still tasted authentic regardless of the atmosphere.  Cant wait to go again!
4	We went to Rice Paper on a Wednesday around 2:30. They have all day happy hour so we both had Sapporo's and ordered Beef Pho and a Chicken Sandwich. They only serve on trays AFTER 4pm. Our server was great. The Pho we both Loved and we are picky. The sandwich was OK, honestly I wouldn't order that again. The bread was tough, the chicken had great flavor but there wasn't much of it, they also put fresh cucumber and carrots with it. The Garlic fries were delicious and came with a Great Dipping Sauce. The decor is very modern, definitely a surprise. It is small so I'm not sure we will head there for dinner anytime soon. But for lunch it's a great spot. It is pricier then other Vietnamese Places we have been to but I'd rather pay more for a clean place to eat. They seemed to constantly be cleaning, and I love seeing that!
5	Stumbled on this restaurant for lunch today.    The atmosphere was awesome.  The food was fresh and delicious..even better the prices for lunch were really reasonable.  Definitely going back to try more things off the menu.  I was looking for Seafood noodle soup.  I tried the Vegetarian instead and was not disappointed at all.I really reccommend this place.
4	Nice modern place, good food :) Will definitely go back for more! The beef pho tasted authentic, I am a fan.
5	Go to here.Seriously, I haven't had a bad bite at this place.  I was with a large (8-10 people) group, and everyone ordered something a little different and there was forks flying all over as people were trying everyone elses food.  And it was all amazing.Beware the Leche Balls.  Just beware.
5	I tried getting into this place a couple of times only to be denied by lack of parking and a packed house. However, I was finally able to get in and ordered a few of the spring rolls. The spicy spring roll with the fried pork was fantastic! So spicy I almost passed out. Now that's my kinda nummy.I also ordered the veggie Pho but asked to add meat to it. I need my meat. It was a very good bowl of Pho...Pho sure. I will definitely go back.Update:I rode my bike with a friend over to Rice Paper on Saturday and I had a blast! I sat outside with the owner and we all spent about 20 minutes chatting, drinking and having a good ole time. We ordered a lot of food and spent a lot of money. We loved the calamari so much that we got 2 orders. We had a few drinks, sat out on the patio, which is new and has great plans ahead for it. The owner tells me that they will be putting in a fireplace outside and everything.I am definitely going to be a regular at this joint. Great food, great staff and friendly owner!As for parking. You can park next door and across the street. You can also park up against the building next to the establishment right in the driveway. Just make sure you leave room for others to get by and for more cars to park. I have a feeling this place is going to be the talk of the town.The only negative thing I have to say is that I believe if you come in during happy hour you should get happy hour prices the whole time you're there. I've been to a lot of places that do this, some don't...I wish they all would though.
5	This place is adorable! I was very excited to try it after hearing great reviews. Went in for lunch yesterday and ordered almost a lil of everything on the menu. Started with the wings ($9) in fish sauce. OMGGGGG best thing I ever ate. I would come here alone just for the wings. MUST ORDER. they were crisp and flavorful and made to order. Ordered spring rolls fried and not fried one with ahi tuna, mango, avo and other with chix and basil. Loved the tuna one more. Husband ordered the banh mi pork sandwich we were stuffed at this point. Huge sandwich $9 comes with choice of fries or ...We got the garlic fries. This place is fab I will be back to try their soups and other spring rolls.
4	Great fresh food. The rolls on the front of the menu are excellent!! I've only had the vegetable pho (veghead) and that was really delicious too!  Great selection of drinks at the bar and a very friendly staff.  I will definitely return and will recommend to friends.
5	Start the car and head to 7th St.Might be the first and only Vietnamese Fresh Roll Bar that I have ever been to. Cool decor, great food, and friendly staff. Two visits. Both included Pho Ga (Chicken Pho) and a mix of rolls. All very darn tasty...
5	I never would have thought a Vietnamese restaurant would put me in the holiday mood, but it did! I will get to my reasoning, but first let me say why I'm giving Rice Paper five stars. It's because they have an adorable restaurant with a perfect atmosphere, they have delicious food and they have friendly staff. Rice Paper is situated on a busy Phoenix road but once inside the adorable little historic house, it feels like you've been transformed into a home away from home. They restored a historic house and adapted it into a restaurant that can accommodate those looking for a meal or those looking for some cocktails alike. The atmosphere is very modern zen-like with each table places perfectly apart from each other, quaint light fixtures warming up the restaurant and a long bar with seating and plenty of drinks to choose from.Most importantly is the food. The food here is delicious. It's the perfect combination of filling yet light. We started with the spring rolls and here I must warn you that if you order one that has "spice" mentioned at all in the description, be warned that they do not go light on the Sriracha. The spring roll was delicious but so spicy, my mouth burned for a good 20 minutes following. I think I also made the mistake of drinking diet coke in attempt to ease the burning but it really only made it worse. The burn from Sriracha seems to only disappear if you power through it. Rice Paper is know for their Pho so it's a must to order it! I went with the chicken Pho and this is where I entered into the holiday spirit. The Pho is warm and filled with wintry spices that remind me of Christmas with each warm sip. If I closed my eyes I could have imagined looking outside to see a crisp snow-filled day (instead of busy 7th street on a 70 degree day). I actually ordered the vegetarian Pho and added chicken in order to get all the vegetables. It was the perfect meal. It was filling but felt light and didn't put me into an afternoon food coma. I can see Rice Paper being the perfect spot for a date night or lunchtime meeting. It's great to stop by for an appetizer and cocktails before heading out for the night, or making this your main stop for the night and staying for a meal.
5	This place is just amazing! I first found myself here on a late night seriously craving Pho & a buzz, & my oh my, they do it right! I have since become a regular... The staff is entertaining & fun, the drinks are awesome, the food is fun & delicious! Great place for a date, to hang out, to have get to-gethers, to come alone & end up w/ good conversation & new friends & a satisfied tummy. Wide variety of spring rolls & appetizers. The main thing, PHO, is to swoon over. I've had the beef, the chicken & the vegan, all 3 are satisfying. Ask for the Grandma Sauce, but be warned, be sparing in adding this to your Pho.The Firecracker Shimp is a personal favorite as well. Safe place for Vegans & meat-heads alike! I've seen some reviews where others say they feel RP is too expensive & you can get good Pho much cheaper at the other Vietnamese places... true, however, this is "Modern Vietnamese" ... Great food, Great place to hang out for a few hours, Great environment!
5	SO GLAD I CAN GET PHO ON MY LUNCH NOW!!! YAY Rice Paper! They do get busy around lunch time but I have never had a problem with my pick-up orders not being ready when they said they would. I have had the Pho without meat though so I can't comment on that but the Pho in general is fantastic and they add in extra noodles and veggies if you skip the meat. your common pho prices that you see around this area so I can't really bitch about the price. Cute but small inside and yes like others have said.. parking sucks baallzzzzz.Other than that definitely  a great place for to grab so Pho.
5	90-ish year old small house turned into a wonderfully inviting small restaurant.We weren't too hungry so shared 3 appetizers - a smoked salmon spring roll, firecracker shrimp and crispy calamari, and finished sharing a ginger creme brulee.Everything delicious - even the geezers sitting at the next table cackling over an Arpaio-inspired silent auction of pink underwear while we watched Ireland and Estonia square off in a soccer match from the bar.Only in a city.  It's nice that downtown is starting to feel like one.
4	Let me start by saying I love this place!  Their pho is amazing, atmosphere is great, and their fresh spring roll selection is the best I've ever seen.  I recommend this place to anyone looking for good Vietnamese...but I always recommend with an asterisk...service is only okay and it's pretty slow.  It took nearly 30 minutes for me to get my pho at lunchtime.  The girl apologized saying it was a computer error but never offered anything complimentary.  If she had known how much we frequent the place and recommend it, maybe she would have done something differently???  When I told my husband about it that night, he said the same thing has happened to him twice there.  So, it is a yummy Vietnamese place but don't expect "knock your socks off" service and make sure you have some time...
5	They turned a small old house into a kick-ass restaurant. The decor has a very newish ikea feel to it and the place is very clean. The food is spectacular .*.seriously.*. The service is very friendly and the place itself is just absolutely inviting. they have great specials for happy hour but in general they are priced very fairly.
5	Really good, healthy food.  Owner is super friendly. Would definitely recommend. :)
2	I'm going to try to sound as professional and as objective as possible.+ Luke Warm Broth: "Ohhhh hell naw!"+ Brown Sprouts and Wrinkly Basil Leaves: "You're kidding, right?!"+ Stale Rice Noodles: "Can my lunch get any worse?"+ Dried up Lime that had no more Juice: "Definitely ohh hell naw!!!"+ Wait time for the Pho: "Beyond ridiculous."Hi Owner, I hope you are reading this.  Pho at any V-nese is absolutely the numero uno dish that must have no flaws if you want a repeat customer as myself.  I'm sorry, but the dried up lime was just blatant! There's no excuse for not having fresh limes on hand! I've had my share of cutting up limes and I know how much juice I can extract.The standard for broth temperature should always be hotter than the sun! I should be able to finish my pho with some hot soup remaining.  Brown sprouts and wrinkly basil leaves?! Inexcusable.Considering the place was below half full, the time for Pho to come out should be fairly quick, not 30 minutes that felt like an eternity.Its a big time shame.  Your awesome decor can never make up for the quality of food I had last time here.  Its by far the most modern, trendiest V-nese joint I've stepped foot it in.  I respect your Crate and Barrel-like furnishings and high-end bar with TVs, but at the end of the day, it comes down to the food that I expected to shine if we are going to pay a leg and arm for.  $10 Pho? Enough said.
4	I've never been a huge Vietnamese fan, but Rice Paper has shown me the light! This little joint is run by two sassy sisters who are a hoot to be around and make delicious food. The spring rolls here are amazing - I think its the best thing on their menu - and they are so cheap that you can order several of them, tapas style!  They are always made with fresh ingredients and are packed with flavor.I also love the vegetarian pho.  It may seem expensive but it is HUGE and comes with a number of ingredients - tofu, lime, mint, jalapenos, sprouts, onions.  Whenever I am in a soup mood I turn to that pho.
4	A few weeks ago, we decided to have lunch at Rice Paper.   I've past it a few times before it opened and was looking forward to trying it out.   It's located conveniently on 7th Street North of McDowell.  Parking is in the back and entrance on the side & front.When we first walked it, it is a charming Old House converted into restaurant.  Not a new concept in Phoenix but it never gets old.  Especially when they get it right.  It's a charming atmosphere with intimate tables and also a long "Tapas-style" bar (which is where we sat).  There is also seating up in front facing 7th Street.  It's a nice, clean light colored contemporary  decor.  One side of the main room has a full bar.  Good to know for dinners.I tried the Chicken Pho and we had the Vietnamese spring rolls.  The Pho was in a huge bowl and it was really tasty!  The rolls were pretty good too.  Service was very attentive and friendly and in fact from more than just our server, everyone seemed pretty nice.   All around I think if you like Vietnamese food, give it a try, I don't think you will be disappointed.
1	Walked in dirty tables everywhere.  Pork was unforgivably dry and sauce was not tasty.  Pho was just okay.  The worst though-my partner got sick the next day.
5	So absolutley fantastic. Went on a date there and it was our first time. The owner came over and chatted with us then we let him pick and choose what to bring and it was amazing. I wish I remembered the names of our dishes. Guess I will have to go again so I can give you more specifics.
5	If you like spring rolls, you have to go to Rice Paper. For those of you who don't know, spring rolls are the non deep-fried type, rather, they have fresh lettuce, mint, cilantro and such inside a rice paper shell. Think of it as a Vietnamese Burrito. At Rice Paper they have it set up almost like a sushi bar. You have your choice of about 20 different spring rolls (all priced under $4). You check what you want and they make it in front of you. The spring rolls come in all types from sushi grade tuna, to fried crab, to shrimp and vietnamese sausage. Each comes with a special dipping sauce catered to the roll. If you don't like spring rolls, I recommend the Bahn Mi, which is a Vietnamese sandwich that you'll never forget served with sweet potato fries. Or try the Pho noodle soup, or even (I can't believe I'm saying this since I hate salads) the salads are great. They make cocktails infused with lychee fruit like the Lycheejito (a twist on the mojito). You can't go wrong here, and the great thing is is that everything is so refreshing and healthy, you feel great afterwords, especially on a hot Phoenix summer day.
3	Went to Rice Paper for dinner on a Saturday night.  The place was slammed so we sat at the bar.  It's a great atmosphere with a good selection of drinks.  Our spring rolls were quite tasty and fresh (we had the traditional and the spider) Unfortunately our dinners left something to be desired.  My lemongrass chicken dish lacked at semblance of lemongrass.  There was simply none in there!  It still was decent. The pho was lacking depth and without much flavor.  Really liked the atmosphere and they seem to be capitalizing on folks without much experience eating Vietnamese.  Nice place but I hope the food improves...
4	We took my mom here while she visiting from Oregon.  We are recent transplants from Portland and always love a new Vietnamese restaurant!  We really liked the cute bungalow it was housed in and thought the inside decor had a nice & hip vibe to it.  Sort of reminded us of places in Portland.  We ended up ordering 3 of the fresh rolls as a starter.  They were really fabulous!  We tried the spider, buddha and another with mango.  No complaints with these!  My mom had the shaken beef and it was very flavorful and the meat was very tender.  My husband had the lemongrass chicken and also enjoyed it.  I had the Saigon salad with chicken.  This item fell flat for me.  The sauce was much too fishy and the chicken has a little gristly.  Our server was a very pleasant young man, but I felt like he might have had too many tables to deal with, as the service felt a bit frenetic at times.  However, it was slammed with people for a Sunday night and this could have been a mere staffing oversight.  We did talk with the owner for a bit.  Her name is Lan and she was a delight.  We had all travelled to Vietnam last year, so it was fun to ask her where she was from etc...So, all in all a very good experience here and we look forward to coming again.
4	Went here for dinner on recommendations from a friend and a giftcard from my sister.  We didn't have to deal with the parking nightmare so many people are complaining about because we have legs and can park a block away.  Didn't have to wait for a table, although if we would have shown up about ten minutes later...  The place filled up quick!  And I can see why.  We had the firecracker shrimp appetizer which we thought was very good, we ate all of it including the lettuce that was underneath, just to get some more of the spicy wing style sauce.  We shared a spring roll, I forget which one, it had imitation crab, some noodles, lettuce and something else?  My girlfriend really liked it, it was just a little too much (not meat and cheese) for my liking, I will say it tasted very fresh, just not my thing.  For the entree she had the beef pho soup and really enjoyed the hell out of it.  I had the (I think it was called) Shaking Beef?  Little cut pieces of beef on a hot iron with onions and some really good garlic sauce and white rice, very much approved and much more my style!  The waitstaff was very friendly and quick with water, always a plus!
5	This is my current first choice in eateries.  The spring rolls are made with rice paper and such an array of fresh bite sized vegetables, it melts in your mouth, and there are so many different kinds, ave price 3-4.00.  Did I say they are HUGE?  It's a weight watchers dream.  Everything on the menu that we have tried has been delicious and presented beautifully.  The sauces accompanying each dish are always intrigueing and tasty as all get out.  The best thing of all, though, is the Ginger Creme Brule.  Wow, sir.  It doesnt get better than that.  If you like Viet food, Thai food, or just plain fresh, good food, then this Vietnamese restaraunt should pique your interest.  My goal is to try everything on the menu.
4	Finally, a Vietnamese place that gets pretty close to Pho Avina's. This is a first!Went here with a friend for lunch Sunday and really loved it. The menu items were decently-priced and service was snappy. I started with a spring roll. It was quite large and unlike many Vietnamese places, not at all dry, sticky or flavorless. The peanut sauce was perfect! I had some type of pork salad as my entree (I can't recall the name!) and it was very tasty as well. Serving size was quite large and the dressing was very good. The pork was cooked perfectly with a nice crisp to it. Overall, VERY satisfied and pleased to finally find a Vietnamese place near me that isn't mediocre.Only tiny complaint is I didn't care for the bathroom setup. Seemed overly hipster-ish and pointless. Sinks were separate from the bathroom and in the open. Kinda awkward? There was a chair and 3 cushions in the bathroom...in case I wanted to sit down and watch someone? Lol.
4	I will work for Vietnamese food! I am hooked on it! :)Another great addition to the Coronado area and a very trendy and chill environment.Their spring rolls are completely amazing!! I usually get chicken with their delicious peanut sauce. I can eat like 10 of them, but that's just a starter for me. Their sandwiches with sweet potato fries or garlic are very good. The sandwich bread seems a little too hard, so make sure to ask them not to toast the bread so long. They have great toppings, like carrots, cucumbers, etc. If you opt for one of their soups, their chicken noodle is quite good, although it isn't at the top of my list for chicken noodle soups. The ambiance here is just right and everyone is very friendly!
4	Yum. I just finished a nice bowl of Veggie Pho with Shiitake mushrooms, Asparagus, Bean Sprouts, Jalapenos and Basil. The broth was very Goldilocks-jussst right. Before the soup came I had a very tasty spring roll called the "Enlighten Me" with jalapeno, jicama, asparagus, rice noodles and sriracha. Though these were very similar ingredients to the Pho, this Spring Roll had it's own unique flavor experience. Everything had great heat.The restaurant itself is a converted old house on 7th Street and a little small. My girlfriend and I went at 2:00 pm and the place was pretty full, so I can't imagine what a weekend dinner there might be like. The service was friendly and took good care of us.Is this the greatest Vietnamese restaurant, ever? No, but it was friendly, fresh and delicious enough to put it in my restaurant rotation. I will definitely be back.
2	Came here for lunch with my wife. Should have known to avoid this restaurant when I read "trendy" in the reviews. Usually trendy means "Americanized" when talking about ethnic eats. I would agree that it was indeed trendy and indeed Americanized. I ordered a bowl of pho, a Vietnamese staple, it came out luke warm and bland. A no no for any pho aficionado. I would not come here again. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who wanted an unauthentic experience with bland food but a trendy atmosphere.If you want good Vietnamese food head to Tempe or Mesa. Pholicous or Pho Ao Sen. The reviews for these places on Yelp are pretty spot on.
2	Interesting, but unauthentic.I was looking forward to coming here.  I have become a foodie. My wife and I love to try new places and support local restaurants.  Rice Paper was on my list of places to try.  The place looks like a converted residential home turned restaurant.  The place was clean and trendy.  Service was great and friendly.  The server even brought our dogs some water to drink out side.  However the food didn't fulfill my expectations for a truly Vietnamese meal experience.  There was a lacking of authentic flavor in our dishes.  I believe the Pho was lacking in taste and substance as the meal was very humble and seems shy in the true taste of Pho.  "Enlighten me" spring roll was interesting as well.  I did like the crunch from the fried wonton skins in the roll however the jalapeno was a bit overpowering for me.  Salads were forgettable too. Ratio of authenticity (ROA)  #Ethnic Patrons/Total # Patrons 0.1 (includes my party).  Although not very authentic in Vietnamese cuisine, it did show potential in some of their originality in their spring rolls. Price was high as it is rare to have the price of pho at a whopping $10.  There are plenty of other Vietnamese restaurants which is worth the experience at half the cost.  (You may have to put up with poor service, but at least your stomach will be satisfied.)If you find this review funny, cool or useful please check below.
5	Just found out about this spot and went there on a date on Friday and had a great time. Atmosphere was cool, sorta hip type place. Food was great and service was outstanding (I don't typically use the word outstanding). We got the edamame, buddha spring roll, veggie pho, and salmon entree and it was all great. I think all of that was under $40 too..will be back.
4	I just moved back to AZ from LA and I've been dying for some GOOD pho. There are not many places here like there are in LA and when I found this place I was super excited because it was nice, not dingy, and looked clean and well kept. I got chicken pho and it was very fresh and delicious! I can't wait to show my boyfriend  my new find ;) he loves pho too! I will be back soon!
4	I've been here twice since this review. The food doesn't disapoint. I've tried a chicken soup and carmalized salmon dinner. I was satisfied with both. The service is very good and personal. The place is quite intimate. I think the guy filled my glass of water a dozen times or so during the night... you won't go thirsty. I think the idea of turning a house into a resaraunt is a very interesting idea and it certainly works well at Rice Paper. It's definately worth checking out. I'm sure I will return again in the near future...
3	I was so excited to see a hip Vietnamese place open (no MORE dirty tables and bad service when I feel like Vietnamese food).  This place has been bookmarked on my Yelp for months now.  M and I got there we were seated in the house but in the near the front door (a lot of flies and a bee visited us during our lunch).  I like the decor and the CLEAN look.  =)We order a ton of food:Crispy Tofu (Tossed is salt and pepper seasoning served with peanut hoisin) - Those little fried tofu squares were piping HOT!!  I liked the sauce with it.  YUM!Crispy Spring Rolls with Pork (Minced pork, carrots, onions, saifun noodles, and mushrooms served with Vietnamese vinaigrette dip) -  These are the long, very skinny, and crispy.  The taste was not really there or maybe it is so skinny I could not taste the flavors.  The Vietnamese vinaigrette dip (AKA fish sauce) was too sweet not enough fish flavor.  Chicken Noodle Soup Pho (Chicken Breast) - Loved the soup base flavor but the soup was not HOT enough.  The chicken and pho was good.Saigon Salad with grilled pork (Rice vermicelli with shredded lettuce, sprouts, cucumbers, mint, crispy shallots, and peanuts in a Vietnamese vinaigrette dressing) - The pork was too dry and not flavorful.  Not enough noodles.  All the other ingredients were ok.We know this is Americanized Vietnamese food so we weren't look for authenticity or anything but great and very flavorful food.
4	This was a nice little Vietnamese place.  Had a couple Spring Rolls for starters that were really good and the Veggie Pho which was excellent.  The service was super friendly (we stayed forever after we had paid our bill and they kept refilling our waters and didn't rush us out).  I would come back again.
2	I was really excited to try Rice Paper. I had lunch there yesterday and was very disappointed. I started with a chicken spring roll, and the chicken was so over-cooked (fried) that it was leathery and even crunchy. Not a good texture with a spring roll, which fell apart as I tried to pry off bites. My bowl of chicken pho took 30 minutes to come and the restaurant was less than half full. Pho was okay, but on the salty side. Ambience was not enough. Found myself craving Maxim's.
4	I think the biggest draw about this place is the creative and tasty expanse of spring rolls that they offer.  If you're looking for real, down and dirty Vietnamese this is not the place.  The place was a cute, converted home on 7th street.  We went on a Saturday night and had some difficulty parking in the small lot but no problem getting a table outside on the patio.  I loved the flower baskets and all the interesting flowers they had on the patio.  They have a decent bar menu and apparently they make their own lychee vodka; my friend ordered the lycheeijito and it was yummy.  We all got banh mi's with grilled or braised pork, which had great flavor.  All of their banh mi's are served with a side of sweet potato or garlic fries, which is very American (obviously) but they were really crispy and yummy.
5	I herd about this place form a friend and he told me to check it out. I was a bit skeptical about it because of the location but as soon as I got there I was excited! The restaurant is well layed out and the waiting service is great. I have never eaten Viennese food before so I didn't know what to expect. The food me and my boyfriend ordered was fabulous and at a really decent price. I will definitely recommend this place to someone else.
4	Rice Paper's menu made it tricky to pick what I wanted to eat. I used my usual "under-pressure-just-choose-something!" method and went with two types of spring rolls. (Of which, they have over 10 different types. The waiter mentioned that Rice Paper can actually be considered a 'spring roll bar' rather than restaurant.) I had the traditional (pork and shrimp) and "Buddha" roll. My friends and I also had an order of edamame (without the spicy sauce). They ordered the vegetarian pho and two fish-type spring rolls. My friend with the pho really loved it. The two of us who had ordered spring rolls felt slightly, but only slightly, disappointed with them. I mean, they were good - but I wasn't blown away. The Buddha roll included mushrooms that made the roll a little too slimy - it wouldn't stay together while I was eating it!I will be going back to try a few other things though, especially the bahn mi. The service was very good - we were well attended to and the waiter was patient to answer all of our questions. Rice Paper is a great addition to the 7th St restaurants.
4	Rice paper is within walking distance of our house. I'm surprised I haven't rated them, yet! When they opened we went 2-3 times a week (I kid you not). They are basically a spring-roll bar, not a restaurant, but they do offer the experience of fine dining. They have happy hour and drink specials daily (which is great, as their cocktails are delicious and on the pricey side: $9-$13).I'm a vegetarian and am so happy with their menu! Their veggie spring rolls are DELICIOUS. Their noodle dishes are so good and they are very helpful with subbing tofu/etc for meat. They even offer a vegetarian pho! The boyfriend loves meat and he always leaves happy. Their rolls, sandwiches, pho, and dishes are great. Have not tried the salads -- but I'm sure they're just as great.I took my mom here for her birthday. She's never had thai food before and she loved it!! We are happy, loyal customers. Be prepared to spend at least $20 each if you are getting drinks but it is worth it.
3	Modern setting for Vietnamese however lacked in taste for me.  I went with another yelper for a weekly lunch meet up in Phoenix.  Really nice setting with the wooden tables and flowers on each table.  We were greeted and seated immediately.  We ordered a few dishes. -Crispy tofu-good, really hot.-Crispy Spring Rolls- these were cut to create long skinny pieces which I think hurts the dish.  The inside gets cold plus the insides fall into the sauce.  Sauce, wasn't great in taste.I ordered the bun (pronounced bung) with pork.   Usually this dish found in every Vietnamese restaurant is huge and full of noodles with the hot pork on the top.  This on the other hand, had a huge amount of lettuce (not really shredded well, it was a lot of huge pieces), huge chunks of cucumbers, very little noodles, and the pork was cold, full of fat and tough.  And for $10 a plate.  It doesn't live up to the dish's reputation. I get it that they are probably trying to please a bigger demographic by introducing these dishes to the Downtown and Central foodies, however, it lacked in the tastes.   Thats what makes me want to drag myself and friends to other local Vietnamese restaurants which yes, less attractive decor but the food is what brings me back!  I would recommend on working on the food a bit more and you will have repeat foodies.
4	This place was one of the cleanest places I've eaten at in a long time! It was also pretty darn good! Rice Paper is known for their assorted spring and summer rolls. I really like the soft shell crab roll. We also had the beef cubes...SO good. There's no old dirty oil taste that you get from most Vietnamese places in NYC. Wish they'd open one in NYC!
5	Went here for the first time for my 23rd B-day w/ my family. It was AWESOME! we got spring rolls and Pho and some very  tasty drinks.  It was January so we had to sit inside but they do have a nice outside patio.  We all loved our food and have been back many times. If you like Vietnamese food this is one place you really should try. The service was great and have to say that the bathrooms are cool. haha :) If you are going to be w/ a large group i would call ahead and have a table ready for you.
4	We were here for happy hour and enjoyed a few of their spring rolls. We very much enjoyed a couple of them! One or two were just okay. But, at the happy hour prices, we were able to eat a good number without breaking the bank! Cute location and nice atmosphere. Really liked the laid back feel!
4	i've become a major fan of rice paper. sit is trustin's section and you'll have an amazing experience.  i'm a big fan of the fire cracker shrimp and the pho.
4	A hip little eatery that embraces the intricacies of what Vietnamese cuisine possesses when conveyed at its best.The restaurant's sleek, modern and stylish lines match the food. Service was mediocre at best, but at least they weren't rude. Dessert was good, not amazing, but the meal more than made up for it.
2	More like a 2.5 I guess...Very cute hipster ambiance. Loved that. But be prepared to get cozy with total strangers. It is a very tight space.  Also there is very limited parking. If you have a larger car/ truck/SUV, don't even try.I ordered the chicken pho and traditional spring roll. The food left a lot to be desired. When I go to a Vietnamese place for the first time, I see if they can nail the basics before I venture to the other items on the menu. I'd say this place is catering to an American palate, so I thought it was bland and not as well executed as I thought it should be.I thought $15 was expensive for what I got. I can pay $6.95 for some seriously good authentic pho at that hole in the wall place across from MCC, but hey, I guess you pay extra for the atmosphere and location (just don't expect the food quality to match the price point).Service could be better. I wanted to order another drink mid meal and try a desert but was never asked if I wanted anything else. The servers were rushed and it was difficult to get their attention.So all in all, it's not great, it's not terrible. I'd probably return for a happy hour, otherwise I'll stick to the authentic places.
5	I recently went to Rice Paper with a friend. I'd never been there before, but thought about going in quite a few times.We were greeted warmly by the staff and sat at the bar where we ordered wine and a few appetizer's...garlic noodles and spicy asian rolls. The noodles would have made my italian grandmother stand up and take notice. Good sized bowl of noodles mixed thoroughly with a sweet/hot garlic sauce. It's a good thing I'm single! The spicy asian rolls were full of asian sausage, imitation crab meat, siracha and jalapeno peppers wrapped in heaven! My only complaint was that there were only two!!Now that I know what kind of fare Rice Paper has to offer, I'll be back to try their Pho...I'm sure I won't be disappointed!
4	I walked into Rice Paper one day and was astounded at the community-feeling that overwhelmed me. At least 8 friendly people were laughing and chatting while sitting at the bar while the rest of the small space remained vacant.  One of the owners walked over and greeted me with a big smile and handed me a  menu I could take home to mull over. I came back a week later to a jam-packed restaurant. The servers were utilizing their agility and quick speeds to be as attentive-as-possible on a busy Saturday night. I was seated right away, surprisingly enough, and started off with their sake-- a lemongrass and coconut blend that both smelled and tasted intoxicating! I don't often drink my sake like juice, so I had to be careful with this one!Meh: I ordered two fresh seafood spring rolls: One shrimp and the other was the spider. To only receive one per order is a bit disappointing. However, the ingredients are really fresh. The hoisin sauce, as others have pointed out, is what the sauce resembles--moreso than peanut (as claimed). As a lover of peanut sauce, I was also slightly disappointed here. My friend ordered the ahi tuna salad and complained that the salad was lacking much flavor. Yay: Onto the meal! I ordered the Curry Tofu and wanted to make babies with it. Good tofu is hard to find (like a man). The crispness stands out and really soaks up the flavor. It's an amazing blend of fresh stir fry veggies and the curry is light and flavorful, with the perfect blend of sweet and filled with spice, but not too spicy! Just how I like my relationships...I'll be back to try their pho soon!
4	I will be coming back!Rice Paper was featured on a news clip recently and because I enjoy going to new places and it happens to be close to my work I decided to try it. A coworker and I had a short amount of time to grab something to eat before a meeting which was close by so we decided to try Rice Paper. Note to future patrons, there is very limited parking, but my coworker and I did find a space and were pleased that we could be seated right away. As soon as we walked in we were greeted by friendly staff and all around people were seeming to have a great time. After being seated for a moment and ordering drinks we waited a bit to place our food order (remember we had a tight schedule). Once our food arrived we were both surprised at how good the fresh spring roll was. We got a tuna spring roll and it was amazing! These rolls are big and split in two ( I will be coming back to order just spring rolls), a great deal for the money. I ordered the tofu Bahn Mi and it was so tasty. I expected the roll to be very crunchy as most bahn mi's do come that way but the bread was toasted and surprisingly soft. The flavor was spot on for my craving that day...I will order again. My co-worker ordered a tuna salad and we both were in awe of how much salad she got. We mentioned many times during our meal that we would be back. I do have to say because the building is small, they pack a lot of tables and patrons in tiny spaces. The day I went there it was not as busy as I expected so when we waited a good 5-10 minutes after finishing eating to then ask our waiter for our check we were slightly disappointed. However, this little issue will not prevent me from going back, I will just not go when I have a short amount of time to eat. Rice Paper Eatery was great!
1	If food were the only criteria for rating a restaurant, then Rice Paper would have scored much higher. But when I dine out, I want everything to come together, and unfortunately, the food was the only bright spot in my experience at Rice Paper. My hope, whenever I'm motivated to write a review (not often, but in this case the food is good enough to warrant seeing a change in the operation of the restaurant) is that the management will take to heart some of the suggestions and actually implement them. Rice Paper is a small space. It implies intimate dining. So turn down the decibal level of the music (the music itself is fine - fits with the cool interior space). But screaming and eating is not my favorite combination.Train your servers and bus staff to be respectful and professional. In addition to the music, there was a constant crashing of dishes into bus trays (which, inexplicably are placed in full view of the dining area and, as far as I can tell, nowhere near the kitchen or dishwasher. I'm surprised dishes weren't being shattered, with the force and carelessness with which they were being dumped into the tubs. One of the buspeople kept itching his nose with his hand and then grabbing a water glass to fill. Not appetizing. The same busperson filled one of my dining companions ice tea glasses (with the obligatory nose wipe) but then placed it at the opposite end of the table because one of his co-workers was telling him a story. Our appetizer, recommended to us by the server (who might have been an owner) arrived a few minutes after the main course. I wasn't in charge of the bill, but I'm 99% certain it was still accounted for (and there was never a question posed to us, when I brought up that the appetizer had not arrived as to whether it was still desired or not). There were other weak service points (flatware not being replenished, weird timing on the serving of drinks, etc.), but you get the point.I just wanted to enjoy a meal with friends. But I couldn't hear my friends, I felt apologetic for the sub-par service (it was my second time to Rice Paper, but my friends' first time), and two large screen televisions sending a "you're in a sports bar, not a dining establishment" mood over the whole setting (okay - this is my pet peeve - do we always need television lately? Is it really that important to the four people sitting at the bar nursing a cocktail to have soccer playing? Or do what some other places do and just run a really cool old black and white movie without the sound if you feel like you need some visual stimulation). Okay. Now I'm ranting. I just want to like Rice Paper. Why does it have to be so loud (and nose wipey)?
4	Great restaurant in the Sheridan Square neighborhood!  We sat outside and enjoyed the beautiful night with misters.  The service was friendly and helpful, the atmosphere was nice and the food was good.  I started with the pork spring rolls and followed it with the lemongrass chicken.  Both were very fresh, flavorful and tasty!
1	If only they would have put the same amount of time and energy into training the servers, and working on the food itself, as they did on the styling of the restaurant, this place could have been great.  Value is way out of line. $4.50 for ONE below average spring roll. We tried three types and all had only one sliver of the ingredients listed.We were given only  one menu when we were seated, WTF?  Another table near by saw that we had not been helped after about 5-10 minutes and notified the manager who was working the bar, and he didn't do much at just send some kid over to us.Was not given a drink menu until I asked for one AFTER we ordered food. WTF?Summary: Super trendy/hip/stylish place with a least double overpriced food, inexperienced  wait staff, and  management who doesn't have a clue about customer service.
3	Yes it's true, it's worth all 5 stars. A quaint little place out of a home renovated into a restaurant. Every server greeted us, asked about us like we were old pals, just wonderful wonderful customer service from the moment we walked in, to the time we left. We had an order of the traditional fresh spring roll which was delicious and fresh, however I do wish they would serve more than just one that's been cut in half. We ordered a lychijito and mango fizz drink which were ehh...okay at best. But We had ordered the spicy shrimp (I forget the actual name of the appetizer), which I could eat all freaking day omg!!! Unfortunately they were out of the pork when we wanted to order the crispy spring roll which was a bummer, but the spicy shrimp was an excellent dish that we forgot all about it. However, if you have a low tolerance for spice, this is not a dish for you cuz it is spiiiccyyyy. Lucky for me, I love spicy foods. Then onto the pho dish itself, now I've had many a bowl of pho, and I'll say it's one of the best bowls of pho ive had. You can literally taste the difference between this $10 bowl vs. your $4.50 pho at a grumpy Vietnamese noodle house who just stare you down as you sit down, and stare at you when you say thank you when served your food. The beef tastes much cleaner, and more delicate. The broth is a good beefy broth that has not been watered down, and even the noodles are of better quality. Yum! Yum! If you're going somewhere else for pho, DON'T!Came back a 2nd time, not so blown away maybe it was the service the first time that was so awesome but ehh not so much the 2nd. The egg roll has NO flavor and for some reason the Pho here was just not as up to par the first time around. Not to mention it is twice the price as a regular Pho place we just end up eating at Pho thanh on 19th ave and camelback instead.
4	This is one of my favs in the Valley. All the food is stellar- you can't go wrong on their menu. Period. The drinks they serve are unique as well. This is a very popular place, so be prepared for this. I've had their spring rolls, amazing! I want to go back and try the shaking beef. Negative: Parking is a nightmare.
5	THE ABSOLUTE BEST AND FRESHEST VIETNAMESE food in the valley. I f you have tried other Vietnamese restaurants and have been dissapointed, give this a try. You will be very glad you did. The restaurant is a quaint historical building with a clean and crisp decor. Cocktails are fab!
5	Anyone who tells you this place isn't amazing is cu cu for coco puffs. The owners are equally amazing. They will remember you and tell you amazing stories and the cocktails are always amazing. My favorite is the lychejito made from lychee infused vodka made in house. The spring roll bar is amazing and they always change it up for me if I ask for substitutions. There really isn't anything on the menu that isn't good they offer everything from Vietnamese sammies to amazing clay pots. I always go for the soup but that hasn't stopped me from trying everything else. Everything is always fresh and delicious. Their happy hour is awesome as well.
4	Great experience at Rice Paper. Very cool interior and a nice patio. We sat inside and had a great server (Sorry I can't remember your name!). My wife and I will definitely be back!
5	Great experience! Super friendly staff and very helpful offering suggestions on ordering since it was our first time in. Food was soo good. My new favorite! Can't wait to go back!
1	I am so disappointed. We went to Rice Paper for lunch today and we waited for a table, then one of the waiters told us there was something open on the patio. It's 90 degrees outside in Arizona right now. Wait there's shade. Ok, we'll eat on the patio. Oh what? All the tables are on the patio and you have 3 people. . . ok wait for us to move something together. Are you all seated? Oh wait I forgot to tell you that our computers are down and we can't put in any food orders. No we can't write them on paper. Why? My manager said no. No. I don't know how long they will be down for. You can wait as long as you would like. WHAT THE F*CK?! You could have told us this before we wasted 25 minutes of our lunch break in your stupid renovated not very good food house diner. Rice Paper is officially off the menu.
3	I went here for lunch a few weeks back and think it's worth writing about. This place is more of a spring roll bar rather than a full Vietnamese restaurant which is great since the spring rolls are really good. The place is really tiny but my coworker and I managed to snag a table quickly despite the lunch hour. The challenge worth noting is the tiny parking lot which may cause some patrons a bit of a headache. Overall, a cute spot that I will probably go back to if that's where the coworkers want to lunch or if I'm in the area.
5	a total hidden little gem; the food is so fresh and fabulous, had two different kinds of fresh spring rolls; they had gluten free dipping sauces that were fantastic. The wait staff is amazing and so incredibly attentive, nice and took time to learn our names and made this a very personable experience, that will keep me coming back.  A must visit.
4	Went to Rice Paper on a whim, really enjoyed the food, service was great; even though my pho was accidentally take to another table...will have to go back to try the spring rolls!!!
5	I absolutely love this place.  The ambiance and food are outstanding! The Saigon Salad with chicken is my favorite! This is a local establishment at its finest.
4	It's rare that I have a date with my husband on a Monday afternoon/evening, but this past Memorial Day, we did just that.  After a quick visit to the Science Center (the Van Gogh alive exhibit is a must-see by the way), we were hungry so we headed over to Rice Paper.  Neither of us had ever been before, and we were pleased with our experience.It was a tad bit too hot to sit outside, although they do have a covered patio with misters.  We walked in and were seated and greeted promptly by Al, our server.  He's quite the character.  He made us laugh quite a bit in addition to being attentive and making some recommendations.  We enjoyed the stylish renovated house / hip colorful atmosphere as well.We ended up ordering a few things and sharing.  Highlights included the firecracker shrimp. a spider roll, a shrimp roll, and a zen salad.  Everything was light and tasted fresh.  We really enjoyed the dipping sauces that came with the spring rolls.  They've got such a huge selection of the spring rolls, that I can't wait to return to try some of the others.  They don't have a huge selection of Vietnamese entrees, but it appears that they will custom create a bit upon request.I highly recommend going for the "food happy hour."  It's from 3pm - 6:30pm and includes $6 appetizers & $1 off all spring rolls.  Such a deal!  We didn't take advantage of it, but the "drinks happy hour" is actually 11am - 6:30pm and specialty drinks are $6, house wine by the glass is $5, well drinks are $4, and draft beer is just $2.75.If only Rice Paper was a tad bit closer to home, I could see myself being a regular... Instead, I'll keep it high on my list of spots to return to when I find myself heading downtown!
4	Awesome!  My first experience of Vietnamese food.  We tried three different rolls... and all three were light and tasty and a cornucopia of flavor.Ambience is lovely.  The staff was all over us with attention and detailed service.Very friendly as well.  Highly recommend.
5	I've eaten here a couple times  while in the area. The summer rolls are fantastic. They make them to order and there is a wide array of them to choose from.  My favorite is the seared ahi tuna with jicama and mango-YuMMMMO!  It's one of my favorite things to eat when it's this hot out.  They also have the best edamame in town!  I know what you're thinking, it's just edamame....this is different because they are rolled in a secret recipe of homemade chill sauce. Beware, the heat will creep up on you :) The wings are good too...messy, but good.  I like them extra crispy!The beef entree is to die for.  Very tender and full of flavor.  So is the salmon!  Both come sizzling hot on a cast iron skillet.  The flavors are very robust, but tolerable even for the not so brave.  It's a good intro to Vietnamese flavors, and without the food poisoning hehe.The staff is very nice and the crowd is an eclectic mix-very casual and fun.This is an extremely small renovated house-turned-restaurant.  Get there early, or you will sadly have to go somewhere else. If there's no parking left, there's a strong chance you won't be eating.
5	I was at church this Sunday morning when I had a craving for Pho. I went on my yelp app and put it pho near South Phoenix. About 4 miles away was Rice Paper.It's always scary to try something new but after checking out a few reviews, I figured it was worth trying and I even brought 6 other friends who also loved it (some never had Vietnamese before).My order: - Traditional bowl of Pho                  - Pork Crispy Spring RollsMy friends ordered: Banh Mi (viet sandwiches) Here is the review.Pros: - Pho was tasty and cleaner than most Pho places           - Decor of the place was very chic           - There is a bar (for you drinkers)           - The banh mi were HUGE and came with garlic or sweet potato fries           - Nice outdoor patio for when its cooler outside           - The head server was very helpfulCons: - Price was a little more than most pho places (Pho: $10 / Rolls $3.50-$5),            - Spring rolls were pricey for one spring roll or two cut up fried pieces to make four.            - Parking lot was small...about 12 spaces            - The restaurant is about the size of a house so even though we had a group of 7, I don't know if i'd bring that big of a group next time.            Conclusion: Check this place out. It's intimate and I'm glad they're open later than most restaurants. Pricey, but hey, sometimes you gotta pay to have something nicer.
4	Another fantastic place in the Coronado.  The ambiance is great and what you expect from a converted home built 100 years ago.  We sat at the bar and got great service.  I saw what looked to be an awesome patio for when it cools off in a few months.  We went during happy hour when the prices were low and the food was delicious.  I ordered the Spicy Asian spring roll and didn't really think it was that spicy based on what the ingredients were.  It was very delicious and I added red chili sauce to it so I could get the face burn I was hoping for.  My friend ordered the hot wings and those must have been hot.  He was sweating bullets.  I also ordered the Crispy Pork spring roll to share with my friend and didn't want to share.  Take a leaf off the mint and place it on the spring roll and dip it into the sauce and place it in your mouth in order to experience flavor heaven.  They also have my favorite vodka here.  Vodka is a great reason to go anywhere.
4	We love this place. Been back a 3-4 times now and the only reason it is not a five star is due to the spotty service. I'll get to that in a second. The food: We almost always start with a set of rolls and we've yet to be disappointed. Also the fire cracker shrimp and calamari are tops. We then either get and entree and salad to split family style or split a sandwich and salad. Either way, you can't go wrong. Their grilled pork is very good and goes well on the sandwich and/or salad. Drinks: Plenty on tap and the bar tender will make just about anything you toss at him. They have Camelback Brewery's IPA which is one of the best local beers. With $2.50 pints during happy hour, you will not be disappointed. Service: This is why Rice Paper doesn't get 5 stars, yet. They have lots of people working in the small house but the waitstaff we've had has almost consistently disappointed. This last time we had our rolls on the table while our drinks languished at the bar. Our server seemed a little overwhelmed. This was our experience with a different server on another night. The bus staff outnumber the wait staff and they are always trying to take plates away, which can get annoying when eating family style. To summarize, definitely try Rice Paper and support this great new local business. If they could just get their service delivery down we would probably go back even more.
4	The food is avg but the environment and service are great.  No matter what happens DO NOT eat any white lump on a  toothpick looking stick. I meet friends there for drinks and every time - at some point - they roll around offering this and damn of it doesn't taste like something a dragon vomited up.   It's soaked in some kind of nasty hard harsh liquor and no matter what they tell ya - it sucks. There are many more tasty alcoholic offerings.  The pho is avg, but hits the spot. Located in a renovated 1930's bungalow, the place is intimate and great fun for meeting a group.  Last tip:    Parking lot is small so carpool of you can.
5	I would visit this place every day just for the hospitality! The staff was genuinely nice, funny, and helpful. The food was delicious. Prices were very reasonable, and at happy hour they're even better!
3	It's always tough being Vietnamese and reviewing a "Vietnamese" restaurant. Rice Paper Modern Vietnamese Cuisine is like an oxymoron since a lot of Vietnamese food that I've had seems to call themselves traditional. That said, I went to Rice Paper today for their happy hour which included $6 appetizers and $1 off spring rolls. I ordered the Fire Cracker Shrimp, Edamame, Spicy Asian Roll, Spider Roll, and the Chicken Cha Gio (Crispy Spring Roll). The Fire Cracker Shrimp and the Edamame were phenomenal! So full of flavor I couldn't get enough of it!Now, where Rice Paper gets three stars is on their rolls and prices. For $4.50, $3.50 (hh prices), you get one roll that is cut in half making it look like you get two pieces. In any other traditional Vietnamese restaurant you would get two full spring rolls for about the same price, so that was very disappointing. The two spring rolls were decent. It's definitely something you don't get at a traditional restaurant. Cha gio was good but the nuoc mam (fish sauce) that it came with was very salty. Overall, everything I enjoyed about this place had nothing to do with Vietnamese cuisine so in the future  I will probably to stick to the more traditional Vietnamese restaurants like Pho 43 or Da Vang which give me the biggest bang for my buck!
2	The dishes at Rice Paper (overall) are fresh, tasty, and healthy. The sauces are exceptional. It's hard to choose between the ginger miso and peanut hoisin, but either one is good enough to eat with a spoon... however, lick-worthy dips can't quite bring a place back from the depths of intolerable service.Holy hell, the service... not just bad, but weird. Really weird. In three visits, not one has been free of something bizarre and unacceptable.The first time I came to Rice Paper was when it first opened. The food was good! The atmosphere was pleasant! The guy talking to us the entire time was not! I don't know if he worked there or partially owns the place, but he had some kind of authority and some nerve not to let us chew in peace. Maybe I'm just mildly antisocial towards strangers while in the middle of eating a soft shell crab salad and can't appreciate those kinds of interactions, but regardless, it didn't deter me from trying again.The second time I went, a gluten-free friend was amongst my companions. The waiter claimed a bunch of things were gluten-free, then kept going back to the kitchen to check, and it repeatedly turned out that they weren't. When the waiter finally figured out something gluten-free for our friend to order, everything was fine. Until he became violently ill later that day. Lesson: if it's not gluten-free, it's better not to lie.The most recent time I visited Rice Paper was on a date. We sat in the only free spot, next to a boisterously loud couple who appeared to be talking with an owner. After a cilia-damaging cackle emerged from the table, I turned around with a rather blank, dismayed expression. Then I turned back to my date and said, "Should we find another table?" The owner approached us, grabbing my shoulder, and said "Do you have something to complain about, too?" I was shocked and can't remember the rest of the conversation, other than that she grabbed my shoulder and squeezed it twice more. She better have been drunk... I mean, WHAT THE ACTUAL F$%&. I almost left right then, and if it weren't for the peanut hoisin sauce, I probably would have.
3	I came with my friends who are highly enthusiastic about this place.  It's a cool vibe; I love how they transformed the house.We had ok service.  It seems better than what some people have reported.I agree with some of the other writiers.  $3.50-$4.50 for ONE spring roll is overpriced.  In my opinion, the biggest flaw is flavor.  I know Vietnamese food is not Thai; I know the food is not spicy.  I also know the flavors that should be in Vietnamese food, even "Americanized" Vietnamese.  But, the smoked salmon salad and surf and turf spring roll I had were not flavorful enough by a long shot.  My friends thought their food was fantastic.
4	Came in here for lunch with co-workers.  So glad we did! We shared the edamame which were done perfectly - just enough kick but not too much.  We shared some rolls - a shrimp (which I could not eat) and pork.  I couldn't get over how fresh everything tasted so far.  Then I had the braised pork banh mi.  The bread was a tad overpowering, however it was made up for with some amazing flavor. I had the garlic fries as my side which came with a delicious chipotle mayo dipper.  The fries were to die for as well.Service was amazing.  We were in a time crunch, and he was attentitive, super helpful with the menu and quick - bringing our check out while were were still eating so we could up and go.  Loved the minimal modern decor with pops of color. All around great experience and I can't wait to head back again!
2	I came into this charming little establishment with a friend. We were sat pretty promptly and had drink orders taken. I had the iced green tea and she had water which was garnished with a slice of cucumber. I thought that was a nice touch. We both started with spring rolls - she had the salmon, I had the barbecue pork. Both looked good and mine was tasty. Then we had both had a bowl of chicken pho. It was really tasty, however expensive for pho at $10/bowl.That said,  the food was good. Not the best Vietnamese food I've ever had, but yummy just the same. My only gripes were the little things. I've worked in the back of the house for a long time. So I know how much it costs to put this food together.  I just felt like everything was expensive for what it was. This is not a high end restaurant. Its a teensy little hipsterish Vietnamese place with minimal decor. Its a lunch spot essentially. My menu was printed on paper which is pretty commonplace these days so no big whoop. Unfortunately the menu looked like it had been used about 50 times. I understand re-using menus. Its totally common. To NOT do so would be environmentally irresponsible. It just looked really, really used and abused. Also, my dipping sauce ramekin had a huge chip in it. To be fair, I am hyper critical of EVERYTHING when it comes to service just because I come from a restaurant background. Rice Paper gets 3 stars from me. It was eh... Luckily I had good company. I probably won't come here again though.
4	The great thing about this place is the food, which is why we keep going back.  The Pho is really quite good especially with the grandma sauce, the rolls are very fresh as well.The not so great thing here is the parking and the service is severely lacking.  This place is small, so even when it is busy, it shouldnt be un-manageable. Yet, we wait to get our order taken, the servers forget you are there, forget you ordered a drink, need more water or even a spoon!Will we go back, yes but we already expect poor service.
5	My husband and I just had the best dinner in a long time here.  The service was top notch.   Our host and server Derrick (I'm awful with names but I *think* that was he said his name was) was informative, attentive and extremely friendly.  He didn't even flinch when I took one look at the uber-busy dining room and asked if we could sit outside instead (I shy away from crowded places) and he went out of his way to take great care of us tonight.  He gave us great service, and I am very critical about service standards.  (I mystery shopped for several years, it's to be expected from me...lol!)The food was wonderful and because we were both new to the dish of Pho, Derrick was very informative, instructing us on the proper way to season our soups and how it's eaten.The spring rolls were very good, I got the seared tuna roll and my husband got the vegetarian Buddha roll.  And the ginger creme brulee we split for dessert was delicious!   The ginger flavor was really intriguing and the sugar crust was perfect.Dinner with my husband made it extra special! :-)The one and only drawback to this place is the stucktastic parking situation.  They really need to move to a bigger place where they'll have more parking.  It is hard to even get a spot here.  So, other than having to park across the street and walk over, we had a wonderful dinner and I highly recommend this place for a nice dinner. Note to self:  I'll have to check it out for lunch sometime!
3	Will definitely have to go back for another try.  We hit it on a Tuesday...they were packed and not prepared for the crowd.  One waiter for both inside and outside.  The misters outside were pooling on my table.  The food was AMAZING.  We had the Shaking Beef and I tried everyone's spring rolls and pho.  The Lychee mojito yummy.  It was a good sign to be so busy...but...hope they learn by their mistakes.  I would love to go back and sit inside.  It was so cute in there.  Have a feeling I could rate it 5 stars if I could sit inside.PS:  We had to park across 7th St...their private lot in the back was full and a cab blocked our way to get through it.
4	My wife and I have been dying to try out this place for awhile since it opened.  Finally went two weeks ago with some friends on a Thursday afternoon.  The restaurant was definitely done on a budget but is very cool !!  Especially like the wok hand sinks!!We tried 4 or five rice paper rolls, the chicken wings with fish sauce reduction, beef pho, crispy crab rolls, and crispy pork rolls...We enjoyed it all !!    I especially liked the wings!!Fun place and our server (sorry dude, forgot your name) made our day!  He even stayed after his shift ended to make sure we were taken care of.  He burned the s**t out of his arm serving us the wings and didn't drop it or miss a beat!
5	Rice Paper is a great place near downtown to get great tasting and fairly authentic V food. I ordered the Bun with pork, which is my favorite V dish. It was great and the helping of grilled pork was substantial - I wasn't left hungry and craving meat after my meal. The bartender was great - she was always present and asking if we needed anything. For being such a small restaurant, there was a great selection of beer and spirits (though I didn't partake, because I had to make it back to work). I was in and out in less than an hour, which is great for a lunch spot. My only complaint is that there isn't a lot of parking. I had to park down the street on a side street. But I guess the fact that the place was full and that there wasn't any parking is a good sign...
4	My wife and I have been coming to Rice Paper since they opened.  We have never been disappointed with the food, sometimes the service, but that seems to have been handled as of lately.  Vietnamese restaurants get a bad wrap for being dirty or unkempt, Rice Paper breaks that mold and provides a clean, sleek and modern feel.I would definitely recommend the wings with the fish sauce reduction, a different taste and probably some of the most flavorful nontraditional wings I've tasted.  You will not be disappointed with any of the Banh Mi's, and the Pho's are very tasty as well.  What they are famous for is in their name, spring rolls rolled in rice paper.  I enjoy the Spicy Asian and the Spider, but try them all, or a couple at a time.  The fried pork spring rolls are our favorite as well as the fire cracker shrimp.  Parking can be limited so if your going with a big party maybe think about carpooling.  Happy hour is seven days a week and ends at 6:30.  Give it a try and enjoy.
2	We went there twice. The first time it was short staffed, friendly but bad service. The second time lots of service. We had at least 4 different people waiting on our table. Unfortunately the food is mediocre. Their signature dish "firecracker shrimp" tastes like nothing with some hot sauce and the consistency of a wad of cardboard tough shrimp. No shrimp flavor. The calamari was cut into squares it was overcooked, rubbery and fishy smelling. The pho was hardly flavored. On the plus side they had Kirin on tap. The staff hypes the firecracker shrimp but is not good.
4	I was excited when Rice Paper opened in my neighborhood, notably because my boyfriend and I are huge Pho fans. This quaint little eatery did not disappoint on its most-popular dish. The beef broth was flavorful, the side veggies crisp and the thin slices of beef melt in your mouth.The Pho here is a bit more pricey than other Vietnamese places I've been to in Tempe or throughout the Valley, however, the quality makes it worth it. A couple could easily share one order of Pho and some spring rolls and be satisfied.Where my disappointment set in was with the curry tofu dish. I realize the Vietnamese aren't known for curry, but I was expecting a bit more based on the delicious-tasting spring roll I had just enjoyed. The tofu was dry and the curry lacked depth, overpowered by spices.Service gets an A-. Waiter was great, but a bit pushy on menu items.
2	I'm not sure why everyone raves about this place...I went with a friend yesterday, and the place was packed! We barely got a parking spot. She had never had pho before, so I wanted to take her to a place that got high reviews so she would have a good experience. The restaurant is very cute, it is in an old house, and is very 'trendy' looking. We were seated and given water and then proceeded to wait for a long period of time before the waiter came around to take our order. When he (finally) did, he was nice enough. We ordered the pork spring roll to share and we each ordered pho ga. I have had fresh rolls before (a lot of them), and this one was just not that great. It was mainly comprised of lettuce, with a little bit of chewy pork bits and a few noodles. Other (more hole in the wall type places...aka authentic) places fill the roll with more of a balance of ingredients. Also, the ends of the fresh roll had very thing rice paper, making it hard to chew and swallow and felt like a piece of rubber in my mouth. Not awesome. So our pho comes out and it looks weird because the broth is clear....almost like water. I have never experienced this before(and I have eaten, and made, a lot of pho). All of the toppings were fresh, but they didn't add enough flavor to save the bland broth. Additionally, the noodles used are thicker, more spaghetti-like noodles than the typical thin rice noodles found in pho. The whole thing was just not flavorful. It felt like the broth was not homemade, and if it was, was missing all of the spices that give it such a unique flavor. To top it off, this place is WAY overpriced. We paid 23$ for lunch, and it wasn't good. I would recommend finding a little whole in the wall pho place in which the employees speak little-to-no English and trying their food. Skip this pretentious 'trendy' spot.
3	I've came here for lunch a couple times. I tried their beef pho and some of their rice paper rolls. The rolls are big and flavorful. On the other hand, the pho broth tastes pretty good but lacked the beef compared to other places I've eaten pho at. It's a cute little spot but get there early for lunch since they have limited parking in the back.
5	You know what I hate about Rice Paper? Absolutely nothing.The vegetarian pho(with Grandma's sauce) is my absolute favorite and the ambiance is great. Definitely one of my favorite spots for happy hour!
2	Absolutely unimpressive. Went here for lunch yesterday with a couple of workmates. Which was a Tuesday - a day on which, inexplicably, all other Vietnamese restaurants in the area are CLOSED - so at least this was an initial point in their favour. If you've read my other Vietnamese restaurant reviews you'll know that I only ever eat pho (dac biet) and was planning to order that here. Eyes popped out of my head when I saw that they charge $10 for a bowl! There also weren't different sizes for the dish, so I guessed (correctly, as it turns out) that they only had a small size. Still, I decided to give it a shot. I also noticed that their menu was extremely limited - there were almost more varieties of spring roll, which I HATE, than pretty much any other food category. The waiter told us that they were famous for their rolls.. whatever. I got the pho.It was a small size. Of course.In fact, the amount of pho in the bowl was positively pissant. Within maybe five minutes I had finished it off completely and was still quite hungry. And just like Saigon Kitchen in Surprise, they served a small fistful of bean sprouts, some pathetic wilted basil, and a couple of tiny slices of lime. Basically a kids-meal-sized amount of garnish. Oh, and a tiny dish with nothing on it (arguably to contain sauce, though there was no sriracha or anything else on the table). The broth was almost tasteless and there were no tendon pieces at all. Trust me, I looked hard. I spent the next ten minutes fishing forlornly, and mostly unsuccessfully, for strands of noodles at the bottom of the broth.They had a telly showing the Olympics above the bar. Unfortunately, half the communal dining benches face the opposite direction so I had to watch Sally Pearson take gold in the women's 100m hurdles in an ornate mirror. That was the high point of the experience.They then gave us the wrong bill, which was presented as a receipt pinned to a small block with a cheap wooden clothespeg. Might as well have printed it on a sheet of sh1tter paper too.Won't be going back. Barely got two stars. I'm happy to wait out the "Vietnamese weekend" - ie Tuesday - in future, and grab a bowl of pho that's twice the size and thrice the flavour for three bucks cheaper at Pho Thanh, Da Vang, Maxim or 43rd Express. If you like spring rolls, knock yourself out. If you like pho, freakin' avoid this place like the plague. Remember, New India Bazaar is a couple hundred yards down the road, and THEY have all you can eat - and all the flavour you need - for $8. I couldn't agree more with Matthew K - the value IS way out of line.
5	Last night was AWESOME! We celebrated Binnie's birthday at Rice Paper on 7th Street and had great food, great beer and - of course, great company.Started with Fire Cracker Shrimp, Crispy Calamari and Wings as appetizers (the wings were DEFINITELY my favorite, though all were great) then moved on to the spring rolls filled with Tuna, Soft-Shelled Crab and Shrimp. GOD, YUMMMM! From there, we did the Pho (which gets REALLY spicy with a big dollop of "the red stuff") and finished everything with cupcakes that they let us bring in from Urban Cookies.If you haven't been there yet, GO! It's small, but WAY cool and Derrick, our waiter was THE BEST! Since none of us were really used to ordering Vietnamese food, he was really helpful and SO friendly. This spot for me is a definite repeat, despite some of the comments about service and prices on Yelp. 7 of us ate till we were STUFFED and 6 of us had beers. Total bill was $122 (plus tip). So, I don't think that was bad at all..SO MUCH FUN, and Happy Birthday Binnie!!!!
1	We went to Rice Paper last Friday as we had done several times, for the Veggie Pho. It was busy as usual, and that was expected. They seated us on the patio while we waited and we were told the wait was 10-15 minutes. No biggie! After about a half an hour, the waiter asked us if we'd like drinks or something (water IS a good idea when it's 110 degrees outside!). We said yes, and then he never came back. 20 minutes after that another waiter came and brought water. After over an hour of waiting, we were taken to our table. Our order was taken pretty quickly (everyone at the table got some version of the Pho) and we thought the worst was over.We were all done with our food, and someone came and cleared the table, but our waiter didn't bring the check. We waited. And waited. And waited. 40 minutes after we'd finished eating, he finally brought the check.  We scrambled to grab our cards to pay before he left, but he was gone already. Another 15 minutes before he came back to collect them. We told him how to split the check and gave him the cards. 20 more minutes went by until he came back again. He gave us our card with receipt for our portion of the check, but gave the other two people in our party two cards that didn't belong to them! He had run someone else's bill with their cards, and vice versa. And OF COURSE the other people had ordered appetizers, drinks, dinner... so the bills were way more than what soup costs. Of course the waiter didn't come back so someone in our party went to find him. When they explained what had happened, he SIGHED at them, acted irritated, and took the cards and receipts back. After another 15 minutes, (this seems like I'm exaggerating, right? Like there is NO WAY that dinner could take this long? Yeah, that's what I thought too!) he came back to our table with the right cards, but said he needed to void them all out and start over, including ours (even though it was correct the first time).I specifically asked if he would make sure that we weren't charged twice. His actual words? "I promise, you will not be charged twice."Over three hours after we showed up to eat some soup, we were finally free. Checked my bank on Monday to find out that we were definitely charged twice. Confirmed with everyone in our party that they also were charged twice. Called Rice Paper on Monday to have them reverse the charge, and was told a manager would be calling us. Today is Thursday and we still haven't been called, and were still charged $50 for TWO BOWLS OF SOUP.Normally, if an establishment notices that you've been there for 3 hours and it's not by choice, they apologize. They comp something on your bill. They do SOMETHING. No one there did anything, and now that we've brought it to their attention, it's like they still don't care. I understand being busy or overwhelmed, but I don't understand horrible customer service.Am I on Boiling Point??? Why don't I ever get the $100 prize for not throwing my chair through the window, or yelling curse words?I will NEVER, NEVER, EVER spend money at an establishment that cares as little about their customer service as Rice Paper does. Oh, they also have really horrible mixed drinks!
1	If I could give it zero stars, I would. I don't like writing negative reviews, but this deserves one. One of my co-worker recommended this place to me so me and my boyfriend decided to give it a try. We were having one of those lazy Saturday evenings watching DVDs and thought it would be great to do take out at this place. WE WERE WRONG!When I called in the make the order the manager answered. Before I could ask what the total was, he hung up the phone on me. (+_+)? What we ordered1. Shaking beef2. Ahi summer roll 3. Buddha spring roll4. Rock shrimp Boyfriend went inside to pick up the food. He said the manager pretty much grabbed the containers in a plastic bag and tossed it on the bar and walked away. There was no "thank you for your business" type attitude. All after he paid 10% tip for take out...  I wish he never gave him that tip!!!When we opened the bags there was no spring rolls! I called and notified him but he simply said "nopeeee. That's so weird. I put it in myself"Well, dear mister manager, If you put spring rolls in my bag, we wouldn't be having this conversation! I mean why would I lie about  not having spring roll?  He just said he can't do anything and he'll give me free rolls next time... No apology, nothing. Look, I don't want free rolls. I just want the one I paid for. the food itself was mediocre. Horrible experience. Never going back!
3	I have been wanting to come here ever since it opened and finally my aunt and uncle were willing to try it also.We came here on a Saturday night around 6:15 (place was half full of people, but keep in mind that this place is TEENY)Our waiter immediately informs us that we have 15 minutes before happy hour is over so we were happy that he told us so we got a chance to save couple bucks on drinks and spring rolls.We got a pork, soft shell crab, and some other spring rolls (came in pairs of 2, but humongous so there was enough to share)...we all thought they were delicious so we were getting excited for dinner!We decided to get the salmon, filet, and chicken entrees, however my salmon was extremely overcooked, the filet was decent, but the chicken came out 10 minutes after my uncle and I got our meals and her chicken was so overcooked that we needed to wash it down with water to get it down our throats. I would say that should not be part of a dining experience. The salmon and chicken did have wonderful flavor, but it was just overcooked sadly. We did inform the waiter and he thanked us. A free dessert would have been exciting, but overall, I was definitely a bit disappointed that I got my hopes up for an out of this world dining experience...I do hope that it was just an OFF night and they do well, because clearly we missed out on other reviewers' amazing experiences.
4	We seemed to walk in right at the dinner rush, so they were very busy but, we found a seat right away. Immediately out server came over and said he would be right with us. He came by and dropped off menus. When he got back we ordered drinks, spring rolls & garlic noodles.Everything we ordered was fresh. We got the grilled chicken, ahi tuna and saigon spring rolls. The sauce that came with the saigon and ahi was okay but a little too sweet so we used the curry hoisin sauce that came with the chicken spring roll on everything. We liked all the food and drinks.  The service was a little slow since it was busy, but not overly slow. We will definitely be back!
5	Being in the mood for a Vietnamese  and wanting to try somethings out of our usual zip codes, Peg and I made the maiden voyage to this wonderful mom and pop  (actually, sis and sis) restaurant on Saturday. Being in the mood to try different things, we noshed our way through the Crispy Calamari/Muc Chien Don,  Fire Cracker Shrimp/Tom Chien Don, continuing with tasty fresh spring rolls (Tuna/Ca Thu, Spider/Cua Chien, and  Chicken/Ga Nuong) . The freshness is palpable! We split one of their luscious salads (Saigon/Bun - Rice vermicelli with shredded lettuce, sprouts, cucumbers, mint, crispy shallots, and peanuts in a Vietnamese vinaigrette dressing with shitake mushrooms and chose grilled pork with it).Sarah was our server and was an absolute delight. My addiction to  iced tea can be a challenge to some servers, but not to the attentive people here. While likely a destination stop for a lot of diners, this place is worth the drive!   Dr. B
3	All day I'd dreamt about a bowl of awesome Pho. When it came time to finally go (7:30p) my boyfriend and I left on our quest to find a rad Viet diggs to get some legit food. He'd never had Vietnamese food and was curious and I was super psyched to get the bowl of pho I'd been dreaming of. We first went to VaDang, nothing- "we are crosed" at 8p on the DOT on a Saturday the chefs has already been long gone and they were shooing everyone out.  We called Pho Tahn at 8p, they close at 8:30p but even then they tried to convince us to not come because they were closing...WHAT?!?  We tried to go and squeeze in and order "to go" but because the little old guy at the register was telling us to hurry I became upset and decided to leave that damn place. What the hell is up with these lazy Vietnamese food places?!?! We then saw that Rice Paper was open until midnight and went there despite it having less favorable reviews and because it was next obvious choice. Reluctantly we went, the s server was nice but forgot my extra limes for the bland bowl of pho, my boyfriend had the Shaking Beef or whatever it's called and although I didn't want any (not because it didn't look good) I decided to not ask for any since the "entree" platter was so tiny!! $9/bowl of underwhelming bowl of Pho does not garner recommendation. At Rice Paper you are paying for the view of the hipster waitstaff, and cute chandelliers, not the food :(. I am unsure if Rice Paper satisfies my itch for Pho and I'm ok with it or if it only fanned the flames for me to continue my quest In search for good pho in my area.  I might have to cave and plan a road trip to Little Saigon in Glendizzy for the pho I so desire.
4	Definitley one of my favorite places for Pho in the valley. I know people say its trendy hipster spot but I dont mind. The spring rolls are all tasty(spider and spicy asian are my fave) the pho is good and a few months ago I discovered grandmas spicy chili that is now an add on to everything I eat there and I love it. The pho broth is good. Chicken slices are big so I cut them up. Same with the jalapenos I cut those up to. I do love there beef steak dish as well. I forget what its called but its filet slices in a light glaze. The sandwiches are also great but never room for soup and sandwich. Generous portions fair prices and full bar. I went this last week and really didnt see any of the same faces working there but new bartender was friendly even if she charged us an extra $1 for veggies lol. Parking kinda sucks it can be hit or miss. Sometimes we end up parking a few doors down behind church.
2	Have been going ever since it opened and WTF has happened to the service????? The last 3-4 times I have gone it seems like the service gets more horrible each time.  Love the dishes although they need some kind of different specials now & then...Will give it another chance but between being/feeling ignored by the wait staff and having out orders either screwed up or come out at a agonizing slow pace I feel like my love affair with Rice Paper is coming to an unfortunate end.  (Sigh)
3	I enjoyed the vegetarian pho.  I didn't love sitting at the community table but it was an experience.  Great service!
5	It was completely slammed while we were there but the service wasn't bad considering.  As is the case with most restaurants converted from old homes, the accoustics were awful and it was very hard to carry on a conversation.  However, the food was excellent!  I ordered a tofu and mushroom banh mi and it was so flavorful and full of different textures that it was just amazing.  Everyone I was with really enjoyed their food.  Can't wait to go back!
5	I just started eating pho and have gone to over 8 in phoenix so far and it keeps getting better until this place.The vegetarian pho is phenomenal..mushrooms, asparagus, baby corn oh its a sweet symphony of sweet, savory, tart, spicy and earthy!!! The broth is a perfect balance of delicate vegetables and herbs.  Spiced just right! The tofu was done to perfection, not too soft or chewy.To finish the meal, my friend and I shared the creme brulee.  It was just crispy burnt enough to balance the creamy delightness.  It was topped with fresh mango and mint. The absolute best way to end the meal.The service and atmosphere was exceptional, attentive and friendly.  Very hip and modern but inviting and down home.
5	The braised pork bahn mi is fantastic!
2	vegetarian pho made with beef broth. that's not vegetarian. try again.
1	Poor service is the status quo at this place.  I came in and sat myself after standing in the door way for a couple of minutes. I wasn't sure if I was supposed to seat myself because no one was their nor was their any signage  to direct people.I sat at the table and waited for 10 mins and one had even said hello or made any eye contact.  There was a person at the table next to me that was having the same issue.
4	I went to Rice Paper last night for a friends birthday dinner and we had a great time!!  Happy hour was still going on, which was a nice surprise to us!  We took advantage of the deal and ordered a bunch of spring rolls and apps-yummy! Drinks were really good too, hand crafted by the bar tender!  He even gave us a birthday round of sake bombs on the house.  David was our waiter and had lots of great recommendations.  I am planning to bring my husband back to try the pho!   Two reasons why I didn't give them 5 stars: parking is extremely limited and they only have one dessert available per season and I like choices!
4	I fell in love with Rice Paper the minute I walked in. It is a small historic house converted in to a quaint and hip dining area. There is a large patio in back that I am sure will be heavily used come cooler weather.Our servers name was Derek and he was funny, attentive and personable even though the place was packed. The food was amazing, and to name a few favorites:Firecracker Shrimp - Lightly breaded and tossed in a spicy aioli sauceEnlighten Me Roll - Tofu, asparagus, jalapenos, jicama, crispy rolls, and sriracha served with peanut hoisin sauceShaking Beef - Holy deliciousness! Fillet mignon seared with soy, garlic, and onions served sizzling with steamed rice that was topped with mushrooms (see pics).Curry Tofu - Tofu, asparagus, shitake mushrooms, baby corn, and onions. We ordered it spicy and it was phenomenal.I also had the Ginger Fizz drink and it was pretty tasty. I can't wait to go back and try the pho!~
5	I give rice paper five stars because the food is delicious and the restaurant is clean and pretty. It's gourmet Vietnamese food. The service is always great. There is a large selection of spring rolls and the edamame is spicy and sooo good.
4	Holy selection of spring rolls! You like tofu? Check! Veggies? Check! Pork, chicken, and mint together? Check! You can get 'em fried or traditional Vietnamese style (er, not fried). And they're all tasty. I especially recommend the Enlighten Me.Their salads are fantastic, too. Get the one with the vermicelli. Good stuff. Also, their entree portions are huge and pretty affordable. Definitely a good bang for your buck. I went for lunch and the food was plentiful.My friend seemed happy with the pork sandwich, but apparently, the sweet potato fries aren't the best. Oh well, the "Surprise Me" cocktail made up for the average fries. So, yes to booze and all things Vietnamese; maybe pass on the American fries.
4	The spring rolls kick ass.  (Get the spider and put grandma sauce on it.)  They did a lot with the very little space that they had.  Although the place is small, digs are nice enough for a date night.  Pho is decent and it is nice to be able to introduce pho (even though it is a bit whiteyfied) to others who might not be able to get past the parking lot at places like Pho Thanh.  Going at happy hour is a good way to get to sample the menu.  I'm definitely a fan but here are a few gripes:1.  My bill is always a little bit higher than what I expect.  (minor gripe)  It is just soup after all.2.  What is up with the television?  Some days it feels like a sports bar.  Definitely kills the sexy vibe and turns complaint #1 into a major gripe.  3.  Servers could be a little less formal.  It is just soup after all, and you do have a television.
1	I should have taken my own advice and stayed far away from this place. Our most recent visit ended hastily when I was served rotten tuna and got barely a "sorry" from the staff. I could smell that the fish had gone horribly, horribly off when the ahi tuna salad was put before me by the waiter, and I'm shocked that the kitchen actually thought they'd get away with sending it out. The waiter disappeared so quickly from my table that I had to go hunt him down to point out the bad smell at my table was coming from the food, and he took my plate back to the kitchen and five minutes later came back to say, "okay, we all smelled it and there's definitely something wrong there."Seriously? You had to go pass it around to confirm that I'm not crazy when you can clearly tell within ten seconds that this is not how raw fish should smell? After all this, their solution was to comp an appetizer, not the salad, and eventually gave me a new salad to go, which I decided not to eat just to be on the safe side. Look, I'm not scared to eat week old leftovers or sushi at a divey joint and I don't really get freaked out by the cleanliness of restaurants, but this could have been dangerous.  I have absolutely warned off all my coworkers and friends against this place, and now I'm warning all of Yelp. It could have been handled in a way that left me confident that it was just another new restaurant kink, but the awful service made it clear that's not the case and I shudder to think of what new low they'll sink to.
4	Just what my friend and I needed post-work/pre-flight. We found it on yelp after striking out at about four different places. I'm glad we found it - it turned out to be PERFECTOOO!We both ordered some spring rolls (I had the traditional, she had tempura fried shrimp in hers, two different sauces but we both preferred the traditional peanut sauce)I had a vietnamese sandwich that was delicious (pulled pork, veggies, LOTS of cilantro per my request, on a big baguette) My friend had a singapore salad that was ENORMO and yummy.Nice decor, nice waiter - we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves!
5	Best Pho ever
3	Took some food to go. The fries were good.  Everything else was Americanized not really Vietnamese food since I'm Vietnamese
4	My mom took me here for dinner when I was in town. The decor is really quite awesome and the food is pretty good. I just have a hard time with expensive pho. After growing up in Seattle if a bowl of pho costs more that $5 and doesn't come with a cream puff it's hard to feel great about it. As it is, this was delicious and I bet you'd be hard pressed to find better pho in Phoenix. My stepfather had some sort of braised pork and rice thing and said it was delicious.Come here for their exceptional happy hour. It's everyday from 11-6:30. They're crazy!
4	A girlfriend and I came here for lunch and I had pretty high expectations. It has been on my to-eat list for a while now and I had heard some great things about it. Let me tell you though, I was not disappointed! The parking was a little difficult due to the small parking lot but after creating my own VIP spot, the rest of the outing was a complete success! They had a cute little outdoor patio with comfortable seating. The staff was extremely pleasant and knowledgeable about the menu. They were very helpful in helping us find a good menu match for our mood.  We ended up splitting the Buddha/Chay (tofu and mushroom) spring rolls and the Shrimp/Tom spring rolls and they were both awesome! I was surprised that I liked the tofu spring rolls the most because I am not always a big tofu fan, but when dipping in the peanut sauce it was A-MAZ-ING! We also shared the Saigon/Bun salad with chicken and they were kind enough to split it for us without even asking.  The salad had a great light dressing and a perfect texture combining the chicken, sprouts, cucumber and lettuce. The crispy shallots and nuts were a perfect way to top it off!  We were very pleased with the whole experience and even started planning our next trip to go back before we left the restaurant. I can't wait to try the soup on my next visit.
3	Went and had lunch there on a Wednesday and loved the spring rolls, I had a tofu sandwich and the bread was like eating marble. Oh we'll, everything else was great.
4	We stopped by Rice Paper a few months ago for a quick bite to eat before seeing a movie at the Phoenix Film Bar. Looking for something exotic, inexpensive, fast and within a 10 minute drive to our final destination, we brought up Yelp! on my phone and searched for nearby restaurants. I love Vietnamese food. So much so, that when I lived in California and I would go back east to visit my family, I would drive an hour in rush hour traffic in Arlington, VA to go to my absolute favorite Vietnamese place called Cafe Dalat. Anyone familiar with traffic in the DC area knows this restaurant must have been amazing to suffer a voluntary 2 hour commute and it was. Alas, Cafe Dalat has since closed and that is a different story for a different day.Pulled over on the side of the road and huddled over the phone, we saw that there was a new, modern Vietnamese place within a few minutes drive and that had great reviews and our minds were made up. The restaurant is a small but well designed coverted store front house on 7th Street in downtown Phoenix.  Although they specialize in spring rolls and fresh rice paper rolls, they also offer a selection of pho (soup), goi (salad), bahn-mi (sandwiches) as well as a few mini entrees. If you get 2-3 rolls per person and share a soup or mini entree, you'll be full by the time you leave. The service is pleasant, knowlegable and efficient. The bathrooms are unisex. The seating is cozy and intimate- think party of 2 or 4 rather than 6-8 although if you get there early enough, there is a bar style table in the middle of the restaurant that can seat around 6 people. As for the rolls, my favorite were the crispy "Budda" and the fresh veggie tempura soft rice paper roll. If you are looking for a meat filled roll, try a traditional pork or grilled chicken with basil roll served with hoisin sauce. The last time we went, I think we ordered crispy calimari and lemon grass chicken with garlic noodles; both great. We were sitting next to a woman and her daughter who were both eating Pho and the fragrance of it was so amazing that I had to ask them how it was. The mother said that it was some of the best Pho in town and if it wasn't 115 in August, we probably would have ventured to try some. At around $15-20 per person including a cocktail (they have great HH prices too), this was definitely a modern take on some Vietnamese classics.
5	After just returning to the Valley of the Sun from San Francisco, it was great to find a really fantastic, fresh, Vietnamese fusion option! They mean fusion, so don't expect $3 Pho, but be happy to find a smorgasbord of spring roll options, as well as a pho for every eater in your group. We'll be back soon for their fantastic happy hour deals!
4	I love this place!  The atmosphere, staff, food absolutely FANTASTIC.  I introduced a friend to Pho today for the first time and the Pho here was excellent as always!!!  I will continue to frequent Rice Paper anytime I am in the area!
1	So I've been back to Rice Paper, and I have no major complaints with the food itself. But that's about it. The service is laughable. I actually said to my dining companions on my last visit (as we were walking to the entrance), "Okay, so we'll order some appetizers which won't come until after the main course, one of the entrees will be incorrect, and they'll rush us out the door like it's a jiffy lube." It was as if I'd written the script for our dining experience. I'm officially done. Which is sad, because the food is pretty good. But i can't take the incompetence. Plus it's really loud. Still.
1	Stopped by on a Sunday to try the place out. Ordered the shrimp app which was overcooked, chewy and tasteless. The other two chicken dishes were the same. Will probably not try this place again
3	The atmosphere is intimate and cozy, the service outstanding, the Pho merely good, but the the prices were rather high which is why they are only getting three stars.  I would certainly go again, it's close to where my daughter lives so the convenience factor outweighs the higher price for the Pho than most other places charge.  The peanut sauce is so good I was tempted to drink it.  The Pho was missing the depth of the broth served at the Viet Kitchen, but was better than I've had at Pho Thang.  I am looking forward to going back and trying something else, maybe at Happy Hour so I can try some of their expensive specialty drinks.
1	When I ordered a beef sandwich, I was instead brought out a chicken sandwich.  Obviously, surprised I asked the waitress and she replied, "we'll, I hope you like the surprise!"I can't make this up!   Haven't been back since.  Need some wait staff training.
4	I've had the chance to try several dishes at Rice Paper, with mixed results, but overall this place has solid food and is an overall good experience.On my first visit, I tried the caramelized salmon in a clay pot.  OMG if I had reviewed this place after that one dish I would have given them 10 stars.  The salmon was cooked perfectly (not overcooked like so many places do) and I wanted to lick the sweet reduction right out of the pot.  I also tried a few of the many choices of spring rolls and, to be honest, I don't think you could go wrong with any of them.On my last visit, I tried the braised pork banh mi (sandwich).  It was disappointingly dry and not very flavorful.  The sweet potato fries that came with it were cold.  My friend tried the pho with chicken and liked it, but didn't rave about it.  This trip knocked them down to 4 stars.The service is attentive, and friendly (even though they messed up my drink order, they fixed it right away).  The interior is small but comfortable and I love the beautiful brick wall behind the bar.  I'll definitely go back.  Maybe I'll try the pho next time.
2	I REALLY wanted to love this place but lo and behold, I find myself wishing I had decided on another destination for dinner. When my boyfriend and I arrived, we were quickly welcomed and seated in what was a perfectly quaint little corner of the restaurant. Unfortunately, that was about the only thing that was done in a timely manner during our visit. We took a few minutes to decide what we wanted, ordered, and then hung out for about 15 to 20 minutes. During that time, two other parties were seated, orders were taken and their starters were brought out before ours! Did I mention that our waiter had to come back and ask us what we ordered because he forgot? We finally got our spring rolls but then had to wait another 20minutes for our dinner to arrive. I'm all about waiting for a meal that is cooked to order, but what really put the nail in the coffin was the fact that our food came out lukewarm (if that).The food itself wasn't terrible, but its not something that I'll ever go out of my way to get. We got the tuna and salmon spring rolls and they were great. The cuts of fish could have been bigger but overall, they were the shinning star of a poorly cast ensemble. My boyfriend ordered the tofu and shiitake mushroom sandwich and said it was "good enough". Now, he isn't nearly as picky of an eater as I am, so "good enough" is as good as...well, bad. I ordered the chicken pho. The broth tasted like soapy water and the chicken looked like it was wadded up and boiled. Parts of the chicken didn't even seem fully cooked.I wish we had a better experience at Rice Paper, but sadly I don't think we'll be back.
5	A friend wanted pho so we had dinner here the other evening. I didn't know what to expect from the food to the service, to the whole look of rice paper. I ordered the Asian passion martini and it was delicious. My friend ordered the "up to the bartender" drink which is sometimes dangerous but hers came out yumzo as well. I hadn't had pho before but I have had ramen and once our bowls came out, we were in love. The pho was filled with so many different flavors, I had the chicken soup and my friend had the beef. :) The service was very nice and tentative. We pretty much had two servers as we sat outside. The inside is a nice house turned restaurant, it's a little small but very nice. I have no complaints about this place and will dine here soon periodically.
4	Spring rolls are great! Nice variety and nice dipping sauces matching. Pho noodle soups are perfect on a cold day.I love the atmosphere. Parking is always difficult. Even at 9pm.
5	this was our first visit here. we arrived just at the end of happy hour, so our really cool server kept saying "ok, you have about 2 minutes before happy hour is over" and we were able to get a couple of drinks and rolls ordered. the amount of fresh rolls they offer is amazing! we're use to the standard fried veggie rolls, but at Rice Paper, we had many more options. for my main dish, i opted for the curry. it was spicy, but not so hot i had trouble eating it. the food was excellent, the prices were more than reasonable. the service staff was top notch and friendly. and the atmosphere is super cute.
4	Great little spot it central Phx to grab a light meal, and maybe splurge a bit with a Vietnamese coffee and dessert. But what made this experience memorable wasn't the great cuisine. It was fantastic (among lots of little treasures in the same area) it was our server. David. Wonderful suggestions, excellent knowledge on the menu. And what a personality. Its rare you find a server anymore who isn't just going through the motions. Great asset to an already winning establishment. Something like that IS the decision maker when you and your friends are deciding where to go.
5	This was our first time here and we went on a Friday evening. It's small and they don't take reservations so just keep that in mind. We lucked out to arrive at a good time and didn't have to wait. There was about two minutes left of happy hour and our server was nice enough to grab us a couple spring rolls and drinks right away!The decor is cool and simple, although our white bar-like chairs were kind of ratty. The vinyl was tore and old. The two unisex bathrooms don't have a sink inside, it's right outside so you have to leave the bathroom to wash your hands and perform any mirror primping. So much for checking if you have food in your teeth in private!Aside from that the food and service were so good. The waitstaff was attentive and prompt. They were always around if we needed something. The food was AWESOME!! They have so many varieties of spring rolls, we LOVED them! I also ordered the Saigon/Bun salad with tofu. It was really big but I still ate 95% of it because I just couldn't stop eating it! Our server even brought some extra dressing for me without me having to ask. Great experience all around!!
4	Advice to the owner: Creativity in your food is something that a lot of chef's aspire towards, but not a lot are able to execute. Case in point? Rice paper.All of the staple food items are absolutely phenomenal. This includes the Pho, Firecracker Shrimp (addictive!) and most of the rolls. Here's where things get weird...There was a roll I ordered (called the Buddha) that had the most foul smelling mushrooms I have ever eaten. I couldn't get through one bite without feeling nauseous. As a vegetarian, I have to put up with a lot of mushroom and strangely interesting food, but this took the cake. So bad tasting, I sent it back and ordered the other vegetarian roll (tempure asparagus) whick rocked.The lady next to me attempted to also step outside her boundaries, ordered a jalapeno drink that was meant to have a tiny hint of spice. She couldn't get through one sip without her throat burning, and I could smell the peppers in her supposedly "sweet" margarita drink from my table.So, stick with what you know and what you're good at, and keep the "culinary concoctions" off the menu.
5	Oh Rice paper. This a great place and the people make it great.The prices are great and the happy hour is one the best.It is close by, so I visit a lot. Yet, if I move or relocate it will be sorely missed and visited monthly.RL
5	Fireracker Shrimp + Garlic Noodles + IPA = The Perfect MealGreat happy hour!
5	Amazing spring rolls, great beer and wine selection and amazing staff. We have become regulars here and the service is always outstanding.  I love the spring rolls and if you are vegetarian or pescetarian this place has you covered.  The Pho is quite authentic but leans toward the healthy side without losing the great taste.  Seriously best vietnamese spring rolls anywhere. This is our favorite restaurant in Phoenix.
2	Not that good . Average at best.. No Bok Choy and Pho was served warm  this was first.Spring rolls were good but $3.50 per roll are overpriced. Very limited menu for my liking - Pho Dalat in Tempe off Elliott Rd is preferred , much better food  , better menu options and price is more favorable. I could not recommend  the Rice Paper , I am about the food !!!
4	This would be 4.5 stars. Having lived in Jacksonville I have been starved for solid Vietnamese food, and this met some of that need. The spring rolls-both fresh and fried- were spot on and delicious. They have several varieties of fresh, and we ordered the spider with tempura crab, fresh mango and avocado.  It was amazing, oh my goodness.  The fried pork spring Rolls were perfect.  The grilled pork bun Mi was lacking, but a good base to build off of. The chicken in the noodle salad didn't do it for me, and it needed about twice the amount of noodles. The firecracker shrimp were tasty and the happy hour offers really good deals, well worth a visit!
4	This little converted house is very cozy and the decor is fresh and hip.  Yes, it's trendy, so if you are into dives or prefer pub food, this isn't for you, but the food is delicious and the staff is very friendly and helpful. Their spicy edamame is the best I have ever had.  I am not a fan of the salmon salad, so I would definitely skip that next time, but the rolls are all delicious and fresh - you can't go wrong there.  My friend has the pho and she loved it. The wait staff is very friendly and on the ball.  And they have a nice and affordable wine list...which, as anyone who has read my reviews knows, is really what it's all about for me.  This place is on 7th Street near Thomas so very centrally-located.  Nice for dinner OR lunch.
4	We came here last night with a larger group, about 12-15; we called ahead and they said they don't take reservations, but they were very accommodating and jerry-rigged some tables on the patio for us.  Service wasn't exactly super speedy but our server was really wonderful and super attentive.  In fact, all of the wait staff was incredibly nice and friendly.  Food was absolutely terrific but a bit overpriced in my opinion.  I tried the firecracker shrimp and was a little let down that they weren't spicier....with a name like firecracker...but apparently I'm now told you can order them in different degrees of spiciness.  I will definitely come back to this place, its a real hidden gem!
4	Went here with my family for my daughters 26th  birthday.  What a great place !  It is a converted old house.  Looks like this area of 7th street is becoming it's own Restaurant Row...  Rice Paper has a Very cool, young and hip vibe.  Kilt Lifter on tap !    really good Pho and really tasty, original and creative rolls.   Very reasonable prices.  We ate inside at the long wooden table.  good lighting, comfortable chair.  Outside patio looked really  nice as well with the long padded bench seating.   Saigon Dan was a very tasty dish as well.  Just depends on whether you like the soup or the salad.. better yet.. try them both.. Crunchy Ahi rolls were tasty and had a great sauce with them.   Many rolls to choose from.   The Bahn Mi Sandwiches looked tasty but didn't try them.  Looking forward to going back here again soon.
5	Thit Heo Nuong is Amazing! Great Happy Hour!
5	Great service from greeting to leaving?  check!Super killer yummy food?  check!Am I bummed this restaurant is not in Portland where I live?  check!veggie pho was killer, firecracker shrimp appetizer was OMG good, ginger creme brulee was killer.  our server was great, the greeter dude was awesome.Loved loved loved loved this place. I am self proclaimed foodie, I love Vietnamese food, and this place was killer.next time I am in Phoenix I will be back!!!
2	The food is phenomenal; however, the service is so horrible it's almost a joke. You will wait at least 20 minutes for everything, be it your drink, chop sticks, and/or dressing for your salad. Whatever my husband and I needed, I had to get up and more or less get it myself. I like drawn out dinners but this place is to the point of ridiculous. The service is unapologetically slow which is a shame because the food is good, you'll just be incredibly annoyed at the incompetence required to get something as simple as a glass of water. Please, get it together, Rice Paper is a small restaurant and there is no excuse for the utter deficient service.
3	meh. maybe i got the wrong thing. Everyone loves this place so ignore this review haha
5	I hope Hue has been behaving. Good food and good times. Enjoy.
5	I love this place!  The spring rolls come in many different varieties and are all delicious.  I recomend the one with pork and mint.  Lisa, the owner, is always a riot behind the bar.  I need to go back and try the Pho, as everyone I know who has tried it rave about it.  The atmosphere is bright and airy, even in such a small space.  This is one place I like to take my out-of-town guests to because I know it will not dissappoint.Their ginger creme brulee topped with fresh mango is to die for.Eat a little early for happy hour discounts on their rolls.
3	Good salad rolls and a very cozy, trendy vietnamese restaurant.  Just not that blown away with the menu options.
4	The lemon chicken was super good and it came with garlic noodles, my favorite!! The spring rolls were ok and pho was good as well.
4	really good Pho  and great spring rolls, great happy hour prices, even my mom liked it.
5	Firecracker Shrimp and Garlic noodles is an awesome duo to start your night. We visit at least once a month and order the same thing every time. Can't wander off the combination we have become accustom too. Service is sometimes a little slow but worth every minute.
3	Its okay.  the food is good the service ok.  Although I do like their outside porch and dine in area.
4	Yummmooo.  The caramelized salmon served in a clay pot was amazing. The actual spring rolls were a bit on the plain side, but the sweet dip that comes with the rolls is a great compliment. This was my first experience with Vietnamese cuisine, and I was very pleasantly surprised. I've thanked my good friend who referred me!
5	I was thoroughly impressed with this place! Took me by surprise from the very beginning! I have always wanted to eat here and after dragging my husband, kicking and screaming I did and neither of us regretted it! Where to begin??The Service:Excellent! When we walked into this place, it was dead (which was worrisome), but our waiter greeted us with a smile and sat us down, explained to us that it was happy hour (double like) and showed us the drink menu and the roll menu. Every question we had about the beverages and food the waiter had an answer and even provided great suggestions!The Food:So at Rice Paper the apps are $6, highly recommend the Fire Cracker shrimp (especially if you like something with a spicy kick to it). The calamari with the dipping sauce is delicious as well! The rolls are $1 off and we ate the Spicy Asian, Surf n Turf and the Salmon roll which were all delicious! We also had the chicken noodle pho to top everything off and that was yummy, the broth was really really good! The ambiance rocks, love how the place is decorated, very warm, inviting, and modern. My husband and I are definitely returning to this place!!
3	I am in the middle of my Vietnamese kick as of late and this place makes a great attempt at good food!  The location is rather small and parking is a bit of a challenge but you can maneuver through this and try this place out.  The food we ordered was very good, the quality of the product is definitely worthy of the price which is a bit higher than your average spot.  Clearly one of the areas that they strived on was their service, our server was very attentive and constantly would check in with us making us very comfortable.  Try the crispy spring rolls, they are winners but the big one that left me looking for more was my PHO.  The PHO was very bland in taste and the meat and veggies were very scarce.  I almost felt like I had the last scoop from the pot because there was little for us to enjoy.  To me PHO is the staple to the Vietnamese shop just like Pizza is to the italian restaurant.  If you have good antipasti but have a lack luster attempt at pizza you would not give them the praise even if their service was great.  After my experience and visits to Rice Paper, I felt they missed the spot.
3	Hmmm... This is an interesting place. On one hand it feels hipsterish and trendy but we were seated in a high booth and the seats in many spots were splitting and pealing. The bathrooms do not have sinks and you must wash your hands in the hallway which is awkward. The place was virtually empty when we arrived for lunch and the staff were very friendly.They have interesting cocktails. My friends and I agreed they were tasty.I ordered the grilled chicken bohn mi. It was... good. NOT a bohn mi in ay traditional sense except it was served on french bread and had a very small amount of "pickled" carrots and diakon. I would have preferred more to it. The chicken itself was very tasty. The garlic fries were excellent. I guess I was expecting something more traditional. All in all, everyone was satisfied with their meal and I would probably go back if I was in town again.
3	Ok. So, the food, specifically pho is amazing.  The food, decor, and service are not the food.  Now the story begins.  We arrived to Rice Paper, and were promptly greeted and sat by a server.  Immediately, I was attacked!  I was attacked by this horrible smell that completely assaulted my senses.  A smell that no one else seemed to mind or be bothered by, except me.  WTH.  I know it is not me.  So I sit down and enjoy my beef pot, which is AMAZING.  The best damn beef pot I have had since leaving Seattle.  I had a greatly meal and so did my wife; however, my nose was not as lucky as my taste buds.  Last, compliment, it was HOT...HOT AS HELL.  Hot like the A/c was broken in my house a few weeks ago.  So I eat my hot good soup in a HOT and smelly restaurant.  Meh.  SMH.  Ya.  SMH.  The food was good but yeah.  I prolly will not go back because of the smell, unless I sit outside.
3	Pretty good Pho - only place I've had it so I don't have much to compare to. The spring rolls are great. The asparagus in my Pho was hard to chew and I had to spit it out, wasn't cool with that. But the flavor is good, the green tea is perfect, been a few times and I'll go back from time to time.
5	Best Vietnamese food I've had in years!! Totally legit.Tons of selection on springs rolls, pho, and entrees - the firecracker shrimp were awesome and loved the fresh spring rolls. We sat at the counter and I tried one of the house made vodka infused cherries - whew, that'll put hair on your chest ladies and gentlemen! This isn't a large restaurant, I don't really see how they can accommodate parties of more than 4, but maybe I missed something. Definitely worth going to - I wish we had this place in San Diego!
5	A neighborhood favorite! Then again, I love Pho. When you come in, I suggest you get a seat with a good view of all the other seats. Watching people eat noodles is incredibly fun! Get a drink, any drink will do. They actually have a "Surprise Me" option on their bar menu. I think the bartenders are psychic and showing off, because they bring you what you really want deep down inside. Unless you're an expert on Vietnamese food, it takes a few tries to figure out what is "your dish". The first couple of times I came here, I was always satisfied with my food - but I would see what someone else was ordering and transform into a bulimic goblin/wizard wanting to change my order after the fact. After a strict rehab - I can now happily say, I even know what hot sauce mixture I want in my pho. TAKE THAT GOLEM!!! Now keep in mind, this is historic Phoenix we're talking about here. Most of these restaurants are old houses that have been renovated to be the wonderful restaurants they are. It can get cramped/cozy/claustrophobic/small/youhavetogetthepointbynow. That's part of the appeal. I'll end saying this. If you want comparable Pho, go to LA or Vietnam.
5	Went here last week with three couples , we had a bunch of spring rolls as apps very good! My fav was the spider roll! Great service and drinks deffenitly will go back!
5	Been to this place twice... it is in the category of BOMB. Great spring rolls, good sandwiches, good pho. I recommend if you like Vietnamese food + good vibes.You will like this. That is all. :)
3	Let me start off by saying this place is very hyped. I understand why though, there isn't many Pho places in Phoenix... let alone good. This is pretty much as close as it gets, BUT for me this is okay Pho. I been to Seattle and now live here so I am kinda spoiled. Pho is amazing here. Rice Paper isn't bad, but it's not really the best. I ate here because I LOVE Pho and it's honestly hard to find a good place without driving super far. The problem with Rice Paper for me is how small it is, I LOVED the vibe... it's it's super small and parking is a PAIN. Especially during lunch hour. It also gets packed at random times so you just never know. It also takes a while for them to bring you your food. Even when there are barely any people in the place. Last time I was there, my waiter was so stoned. He smelled of weed bad. It didn't bother me... BUT that is highly unprofessional and shouldn't be tolerated as an employee. He was also very forgetful ironically... Another problem I had was when you sit by the door in the front there is a FLY problem BIG time! I HATE flies, especially around when I am trying to eat. They have a huge problem with flies, and I'm not really sure how they can fix it but they should do so and fast!
1	I find Rice Paper to be the standard that is on this section of 7th St, it's overpriced, and leaves me regretting my decision to try something new. I tried the spring rolls which were ok, although over priced. The true disappointment was un the Beef Pho. I swear, they used Steak-ums, or some other pre processed steak.  It tasted frozen. The frozen taste overwhelmed the whole bowl of pho. Nasty.
5	I just moved to the area & this place is a Great Little Spot. Very quaint & cute. We had both fried & fresh pork spring rolls & the beef sliced pho. DELICIOUS. Our waitress Ashley was extremely nice as well. Definitely a place I will be returning to.
4	I read other reviews and many people said the same thing...why is the place empty?  I hope that more people try this place because the food is good.  I had a very good experience when I went with a relative.  We both had one of the spring rolls and a salad.  The food was fresh and light.  The atmosphere of the restaurant matches the food.
5	Dad had a stroke and you're feeling blue? Heartbroken over the loss of a lover?  Then Rice Paper is the place to go.  My friend and I were having a bad day and wanted good food and drink.  We're both from out of town and found Rice Paper on Yelp.  The specialty drinks were amazing especially the Vietnamese Spiced Punch.  The calamari and spring rolls were scrumptious and they have reverse happy hour at 10PM.  The great food and service definitely put smiles on our sad faces.  I live on the ocean and the fish was exceptionally fresh, especially since it was Phoenix in the middle of the summer.  The only down side was that they could turn up the heat on the spicy dishes and drinks.
4	If you go during happy hour, you'll get a TON of good food at a good price! The owner is awesome! This place is very dear to our hearts, especially as part of the local community.  The place can get a little cramped at times, (and hot) but other than that, we drive 45 minutes to eat there when we can.
1	This is the second and last time I will be thoroughly disappointed in Rice Paper.  I couldn't figure out who was my server, two guys and a gal alternated, no names given.  My first interaction after being seated by the pleasant gal was with a surprised looking guy who tongue-tiedly only could muster," oh do you know what you want?" I ordered the Saigon/Bun--it's a salad with grilled pork and rice vermicelli.  It came in a large bowl which was loaded with shredded lettuce, ample pork, julienned cucumber, bean sprouts, and about a tablespoon of vermicelli at the very bottom.  There was so little noodle that I asked a server, "is there vermicelli in here?" and had to stir the salad a good minute before I could even find a few strands.  He did bring a small plate of vermicelli for me to add, upon seeing how little the chef had put in.  As I was eating I noticed that there was not the typical subtle mint flavor I'm used to in Bun.  So, the next time the server came around I asked, "isn't there supposed to be mint in here?" He said he didn't know but looked at a menu and sure enough, mint was on the list of ingredients. He brought me a small bowl of wilted mint, which I used.  Thank goodness the sauce was tasty or there would have been little to redeem this salad.  They ALSO FORGOT to include the "crispy shallots and peanuts" that were supposed to be in the salad too.  I didn't know this til I got home and re-examined the menu.  I just knew something else was missing, because usually Bun is an explosion of flavors.  I thought $10 was way too much to pay for what I got, not to mention the strange service.  OH and get this! My bill came to $10.83. I gave the guy $15 and he came back with $4, saying "I rounded up to $4."  I said "oh, ok thanks," but then I realized that he stiffed me .17.  I mean yeah, big deal, .17.  But come on, how cheesy is that, to make change off of your customer's pocket book!! It's laughable how bad this lunch experience was.  And the tamarind sauce splattered high up on the window moulding in front room didn't help.  This place is stupid.
4	We loved it here! It's Set in a cute house, it's very cozy yet trendy. We ordered an assortment of spring rolls, the sizzling steak, and pho. It was all so amazing, and bursting with flavor. The service was also great and they were very accommodating (we brought in our baby).
4	I was vey skeptical of this place thinking it would be over priced and not that good. I was pleasantly surprised by the new twist on one of my favorite things in the world (fresh rolls). The sauces are to die for and the even stock export 33 beer from Vietnam! The two ladies running this shop are fun inviting and cute to boot. This may be my new happy hour hangout.
4	Fist time to Rice Paper today.  The broth is good!  We sampled an assortment of Spring rolls; Buddha, Tuna, & Traditional which were fresh, good sized rolls.  Along with those, the fried crab wontons rolls. Pho tai was tasty well balanced with meat, noodles and broth. The Thai basil, bean sprouts, limes, & mint were all very fresh. I presume they grow the herbs themselves.  They have a Grandma sauce which is ground chili in oil with garlic. It is spicy and flavorful.  A tip: they have "happy hour" & the drinks are very affordable. They also take a dollar off the appetizers and spring rolls which are similar to a sushi/tapas menu allowing you to try a variety of rolls.The service was friendly and prompt. In all it was a great meal with good value and decent service.  I will be back!
5	(Lyrics - Bruno Mars - When I Was Your Man)Same roll but it feels just a little modern nowOur food on the menu but it don't sound the sameWhen we Yelp and talk about you, all it does is makes me hungry nowCause my stomach growls a little when I smell your dishIt all just sounds like oooooorrrhh....Mmm, too hungry, too thirsty to realizeThat I should've bought me eggrollsAnd ate some PhoShould've had some spring rollsWhen I had the chanceTake my friends to your restaurantCause all we wanted to do was make our appetite's danceNow my belly's fullAnd I don't intend to eat anymore....I was a tad bit skeptical of Rice Paper after hearing about their food and what it was.  It's definitely not your traditional Vietnamese restaurant by any means.   Very modern and artsy with an Americanize menu.  My expectations weren't high needless to say, but I had to try with an open mind and stomach.  In the end, I was pretty blown away.  I really appreciate the food play here with different ingredients added to traditional cuisine.  It was bold and playful at the same time.  Apparently, this is a spring and eggroll kind of restaurant so I ordered their spider and tuna spring roll with a traditional pork eggroll.  Overall, I LOVE SPIDERS!  I don't say that much cause truthfully the creep me out!  The crispiness of the tempura soft shell crab was a perfect combination to my soft and delicate mango, avocado, and vermicelli noodles!  Served with a miso ginger sauce this roll was bangin'!  My tuna spring roll was okay, but definitely sticking to the Spider.  My traditional eggroll was decent nothing to spectacular.  In the end, if you're looking for traditional old school Vietnamese food -- go elsewhere cause Rice Papers new school with some ass kicking springs ready to rock and pop your palates! - Enjoy!
4	Went here for appetizers and drinks last night with my hubby and my bestie. Since the bestie had been there before, we asked for his guidance. He highly recommended the crispy wings.  First things first, I ordered 3 "Surprise Me" drinks (yes, they were all for me. no I didn't order all 3 at once...stop judging) while my boys drank beers.  Each mystery drink was more delicious than the last. I was very pleased.We ordered: Canh Ga Chien (Wings) w/ the fish sauce reduction, Tom Chien (Saigon) fresh spring roll,  Ca Thu (Tuna) fresh spring roll, Cua (Crab) crispy spring roll, and the Bo Luc Lac (Shaking Beef) entree. The BEST was the crab crispy spring roll which comes with mint and lettuce. I also got a side of the peanut hoisin sauce (phenomenal!) I wish it was bigger...because I could probably eat 6 or 7 of those.Everything was very tasty. The sauce that the wings come in/with is incredible. I don't even think the wings needed to be there. The fresh spring rolls were very good, but difficult to share amongst 3 people (they come in 2 LARGE pieces). I cut them with the butter knife provided at the table, but my share ended up looking more like a salad than a spring roll. But it didn't matter, it was still delicious.
5	INCREDIBLE food: amazingly fresh and delicous spring rolls, light and flavorful pho, scrumptious firecracker shrimp, generous salads...  My husband and I have been here more times than we can count - we are basically regulars, depite never living less than 25 minutes away.  The food is THAT GOOD.Between the two of us and the friends we've brought here, we've tried everything on the menu, and it's all remarkable. This healthy version of Vietnamese food will knock your socks off - don't get me wrong, there are also amazing garlic fries.  And if you saved room for dessert, the creme brulee is wonderful.The service is top notch - a rare combination of super competent and genuinely warm.  The place itself is small and cozy, and the decor is neat mixture of bamboo, Budha and modern.  We've come here on dates, with friends, for business meetings, for birthdays, with house guests from all over the country -  and every single person we've brought has loved it.
4	I stopped in here the other day after flying into Sky Harbor because it was so close to the Airport. The restaurant is really small and cute. It must have someone's house in a prior life. It was happy hour for drinks (11am-6pm) but their food specials didn't start until 3. Their unique variations on the classic fresh spring roll definitely intrigued me. We had the one with tuna, avocado and mango with a miso dipping sauce in addition to the traditional spring roll. They were both awesome but you only get one roll for the price (I'm used to getting two with an order for close to the same price). We also split the beef pho and ahi salad. Both were fresh and tasty. I wouldn't say the pho was more exceptional than any I've had before but it was good and the beef seemed to be a bit higher quality than I've had in other places. The ahi salad dressing was the same dipping sauce we had with the spring roll so I was a bit tired of it towards the end and let my fiance finish it off. My only two complaints were that the sinks for the restrooms were out in the common area... a little weird and that we had empty water glasses fairly frequently. Otherwise... if I lived in the area I would definitely be back to try some more spring rolls!
2	I love the food here, don't get me wrong, but the service is another story. I've come here on three separate occasions and have experienced some of the worst service of my life. Being a former server myself, I know what is expected of employees and how to properly care for guests. I shouldn't be the one asking if I can order a drink or food. Pay attention to your customers. No one likes sitting at a table trying to get their server's attention because they haven't come by in 15 minutes.
2	Cute surroundings and atmosphere, well draped in hipster design and high end cocktails, hide the home of the worst pho I have ever had. We hit up Rice Paper based on a late night craving for pho, and not really knowing the area we had just moved into, we pulled up the Yelp and saw the reviews. We should have walked away when we saw the prices for pho (anything over $7 is a dead giveaway that your in a faux-pho situation), but we were hungry, had literally just moved into a new apartment, and didn't want to keep searching. One would think that moving hunger makes all food taste that much better. And it does! Which makes the pho I had that much worse. The broth was bland, the noodles haphazardly balled up at the bottom of the bowl, and the umami bomb that I expect from really rich, beautiful pho, was instead a tepid, flaccid cousin of Top Ramen. I take that back. Top Ramen puts this pho to shame. (Is it okay to compare instant Maruchan and pho? Yeah, in this case, I think it's the only fair comparison.)Being from Seattle, I get that my pho standards are a little high. But dang, at least send your chef out to a real Vietnamese restaurant to get an understanding of what broth should taste like (there are about 6-10 solid pho restaurants in every major hood in Seattle, well worth the trip). So why 2 stars? Service was decent (my wife had a nasty hair in her pho and it was comped- that wouldn't happen in a pho joint), and the decor was great. But really, that should have been the first warning- no great pho ever came from a gilded cage.
2	Vietnamese food for rich white people.  The Pho is boring and $10 a bowl. Same goes for the cocktails. The fusion spring rolls are inspired, but expensive.  Been here three times because I live close and love Pho, but I'd still rather drive several miles away for decent pho at a decent price.  I have two words of advice: STAR ANISE.
4	Went for a late lunch, had never been there before. Moderately price, definitely thought the food was worth it. Had the calamari, shaking beef and garlic noodles! Will definitely come here again!
2	I am never one to write a review, but as a restaurant industry professional and one who frequents restaurants in the valley I feel I had to share my comments.  First, I must say that I live in the downtown area and support my local restaurants and local owed owed establishments. I am also a lover Viatenemse food so I was so happy when Rice Paper opened a couple years back. I must say however, that the food is okay but the service is horrible. The last couple of times I have been there the same guy seems to be running the place. I never see a manager, but maybe the young red headed bartender in charge?  Drinking while he is working (yes I saw him downing a beer), taking way to many tables, and the slowest service ever had; wondering who is in charge? Also, wondering if the owners know what is happening? I write this cause I really want to see this place succeed, as I could be a huge fan. Please get some better service in place!
4	Best vietnamese spring rolls I've ever had. Some include fresh fruits and the sauces are to die for. Had a boozy Thai coffee and was very satisfied. Haven't tried any other dishes but can definitely recommend the drinks and the speciality spring rolls.
4	This place is good but the parking is very difficult. Highly recommended go when not busy for finding parking. Food is great especially the sweet potato fries. The spring rolls very fresh. Happy chow
3	I find myself here about once a week.  The Pho is yummy.  The spring rolls are good too.  The service is friendly and prompt.  When I want a more upscale pho experience, I come to this place.  Parking can be a nightmare, and the restaurant is very small.  But my main complaint is the price.  $12 for a bowl of pho? Come on.
5	Amazing spring rolls! Can't wait to try their soup;) perfect lunch date place
4	Great food!! Small & limited seating if outdoor patio not open. But worth the wait! Clean food, vegan, vegetarian options ! Great flavor! Pho soup yummy & fresh rolls! I will be back!
5	i love coming to this place,good firecrackers appetizer to die for!i also suggest to try the salmon caramelized ahhhhh thats my favorite!this is my good spot for dinner.
5	One of my favorite places for pho and spring rolls! I've been coming here for a while and I'm always delighted with the food and service! The place is also very tastefully decorated!
3	This restaurant is cute and I loved the ambience here. However, having been to other Vietnamese places, I would say that the food here is definitely over-priced. First of all, there are very few items on the menu(entrees). We had the salmon spring roll for starters which was good, but not great. The accompanying hoisin sauce didn't complement the salmon well.For entrees we had their caramelized salmon and the lemongrass chicken. The salmon, served with white rice was passable, I just wish it had been a bit more spicy. The lemongrass chicken was the best among the two. The chicken was cooked okay and went well with the garlic noodles.For desert, they served us the ginger creme brulee(more like flan with caramelized ginger coating on the top). This was worth tasting as I had never had ginger creme brulee before.I wouldn't come here again if I had other better options. Maybe I would give this place another try if they included more choices on the menu and decreased the prices. I didn't feel that the meal was worth every penny. I would give this place 4 stars for the calm ambience, and 3 stars for the food. The service was okay, not that great.
3	I went to Rice Paper once. It was different. i liked the smallness of this place, and for that they totally owns their cuisine. With that said, it is a bit different for the neophyte to the characteristics of the Vietnamese kitchen. It has different smalls, suttle tastes and sometimes present consistencies that the Western eater aren't ready for. But this shouldn't discourage the adventurer. The food is good, and it isn't that hard to stay on a meat free path. The service have room to improve, but I shouldn't venture there.. I seem to be a privately owned business, so I should let them run this place as they see fit. But even so, I wasn't blown away - however, I will return and give this place a second chance. .. und das ist nach der kritiker
5	While we were there the owner came in and chatted with us. She is an awesone personality and has the cutest dog ever. The food here is out of this world. Unbelievably awesome pho. Great rolls. Ginger creme brulee. Great drinks. Mojitos. Saki bombs. Go. Be happy. This place is great.
5	This restaurant is a must try if you love delicious Vietnamese food! Don't get me wrong the food is amazing but that is not what makes this restaurant stand out compared to other local spots in Phoenix...it was my charming server named Kapono. Wow! I can honestly say it was truly a gift being served by him while my friend and I enjoyed our meal. The service  was top notch - knowledgeable, quick, and courteous. His outgoing, cheerful, and fun spirit really shined really through as he helped us every step of the way. In addition to his wonderful personality I couldn't help but notice his well groomed mustache! Excellent and unique! I also really couldn't help but overtip Kapono because I really like to support hard working individuals like this who really are an example to other servers at restaurants around the world. He was what my friend says, 'on that next level!' I will definitely be bringing friends and family here in the future but only if Kapono is our server! I will probably call in advance to make sure he is working! I wouldn't want to show up and not get to have such an incredible dining experience like last time.Be sure to check out this restaurant...the spring rolls and Pho are great! You really can't go wrong. And you can't miss Kapono...he's the handsome server with the stash! Enjoy!
3	This was our first time here. It is a relatively small place with seating for probably less than 30 or so inside. Our server was friendly and prompt. My wife had the beef Pho and I the Bo Luc Lac (Shaking Beef). We also shared and order of Tom Va Heo (Surf N Turf Fresg Spring Rolls. The food is a solid 3.5 stars. Neither I nor my wife had any complaints about the taste or seasoning of the dishes we ordered. Although the Beef Pho was just ok, our problem with Rice Paper was the portion sizes versus the cost. An "order" of fresh spring rolls in every Vietnamese restaurant I have ever been to is two spring rolls. Here, it is only one spring roll that they cut in half to make two pieces. At $4.75, its half the food for more than the going price elsewhere. The Shaking Beef I had was again, very tasty, but quite small as far as portion sizes go. Also, on the menu, it is described as "cubed fillet mignon" but I am highly suspicious as to whether the meat I had was indeed filet mignon. If it was, it was one of the worst cuts I have ever experienced. My suspicion is that it was probably a decent sirloin cut instead. You can see the portion size by the photo I have posted. Also, not a very good value for your money at $15. All in all, it wasn't a bad experience, but we will probably not be returning.
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix. When I lived close by It became a near obsession. I constantly crave their fire cracker shrimp with garlic noodles, phenomenal, must eat. Spider roll & enlighten me are my favorite rolls, the Asian pesto & grandma sauce are delish. The vegetarian pho and ban mi or bun salad (steak, rice noodles, veggies) I think it's called is great. I ask for some broth on the side and pour it in. I've turned my sister and her friends on too. I will say its a bit pricey so try to go during happy hour if you want the shrimp or rolls. I've also heard the chicken wings are bomb. One thing, this is not what I would consider authentic Vietnamese, it's more what I call chic-namese so don't go expecting that. If you want a great date place with delicious food with a Vietnamese flair, this is your spot.
5	First time here with my family. Was greeted right away. Very small and cute place. Lovely house turned into restaurant.
5	I seriously can't get enough of the pho here, I particularly love the vegetable and tofu option. The edamame is a great starter with a glass of wine. Many healthy and delicious spring rolls to select from. The staff is friendly, the service is prompt and the atmosphere is pleasant. I love coming here regularly.
1	service was subpar. Additionally, I'd only go back for the food if I was in need of a quick snack.  The food's not great, but i'll do it in a pinch.
5	delicious and fresh!! I wish it was closer to my house
1	My boyfriend I tried out this place last night because our usual Pho place was closed... First of all, it took 10 minutes to be greeted by our waiter and to get drinks. My boyfriend asked for a Dr. Pepper and the waiter told him that it was unavailable. Ok- so we both had a green tea. We ordered the crispy spring rolls with pork and were told that they were out of pork. Ok- so we ordered the chicken... Our appetizer came out but it wasn't what we ordered... We were served the fresh spring rolls. Which were ok tasting but not what we ordered. We each had Pho... Probably the most boring least flavorful Pho I've ever had. Once I added the chili and Hoisin sauce it was decent but nothing more than average. Let's talk about the smell in the restaurant now... Someone used the restroom at one point in time and decided to leave the door open. We were seated right next to the restroom so let's just say that the smell was pretty awful while we tried to eat our food. I asked for a to go container for the remainder of my Pho and it was put into a plastic container where the lid wasn't shut and it leaked all over... We weren't offered a bag for transportation of course so that was a disaster. On a positive note, we liked the atmosphere... It was very hipster. But unfortunately that doesn't outweigh all the negatives so... All and all we won't be back.
5	Everything was really fresh and tasty.
5	Great Atmosphere. Well prices. Original list off spring rolls and the pho was outstanding.
4	Rice Paper in my opinion is one of the best Vietnamese restaurants in the Valley. My wife and her family are Vietnamese and they agree. I've tried the pho, egg rolls, and spring rolls and really enjoyed them.  I also like the modern interior, and the staff are friendly.  Well worth a visit.
5	Delicious, quick without feeling rushed, and good for late night meals. Try the pho and the rolls.
4	Debated on going 3 or 4 stars for the review. I would say that the firecracker shrimp, garlic noodles, selection of fresh spring rolls, and shaken beef deserve a 4 but pho is maybe a 3 and their crispy spring rolls is probably a 2. Spring rolls: They have a great selection of some traditional and some really Americanized spring rolls, but nevertheless, their spring rolls are great. My grandmothers and Vietnamese restaurant-owning relatives probably wouldn't recognize half of the spring rolls they sell here, but they're tasty. My favorites? The Spicy Asian (Chinese sausage, imitation crab, sriracha, jalapeno, some sort of crunchy stick) and the Enlighten me (this one's vegetarian). Pho: Average. This would not be the reason to come here, although I do get it from time to time. It's not the best, it's not the worst I've ever had. The broth is so-so, unremarkable. Also, I don't get cilantro with my veggie plate, which I think is really weird. Drinks: They have a great selection of fun cocktails. Starters: Get the firecracker shrimp with the garlic noodles. They go great together! Service: Hit and miss. Sometimes, things can be really slow, but lately, things have been pretty good.
1	I was looking for my new Pho place and came across Rice Paper...I will not be returning. I walked in and I was sat in the front of the place and there was a foul smell. Not sure if they had a back up in plumbing or if it was the result of mopping with an old mop but it was pretty foul. Ordered the Pho and was not good...way oily..very bland...didn't finish it as it was not edible.. Paid and left...gross...
5	Fire cracker shrimp- Spicy Asian Spring Roll, Pho Chay (vegetarian) & Sapporo on draft are all the reason I'll go back! Yumm!Quite a selection of fresh spring rolls and entrees that I would like to try. Our server was a super cool friendly dude. A little more expensive than I've paid for Pho in the past- ranges from 7-12 bucks- but it's a local spot and super fresh so I'm down to pay that. I think you should try this place :)
1	This IKEA based metro, so called Vietnamese, "restaurant" is the most unauthentic Vietnamese food I've ever had the displeasure of eating.  I usually don't even write reviews but after $42.00 and  having to ask for hot sauce and Hoison sauce - seriously, you've got be kidding me is this for real.  This attempt at trying to make Vietnamese an upmarket "shi shi" experience will prove to be a huge disappointment to anyone who has had real, good, Vietnamese Pho.  It just comes across as being an overpriced faux experience (pun intended).  It's like a white guy from Peoria's attempt at making Vietnamese food - epic fail.  By the way the people in the white Prius with the handicap license plate who parked in the HANDICAPPED spot - who then jumped out of their car and ran inside (losers!) - should give you a good indication of the kind of place and people you'll be dealing with.  Please save yourself about $20.00 and find a real Vietnamese restaurant - unless your really that afraid to go outside of your comfort zone or try anything new.  I will give them a one star for their decor, which is completely antiseptic, just like their food and service.Scathing, yes, do they deserve a scathing review, without a doubt.  I guess I'm the only one in Phoenix who has ever been to a real Vietnamese restaurant in LA or S.F.?  Regards and happy hunting for a real Vietnamese.   Jack
4	We have been to this place many times and only had one bad experience. The waiter was very impatient when we saw the menu for the first time. He kept coming back almost every 10 or 15 min. if we were ready. That was the only very annoying experience we had. We came a different day and noticed that same waiter was not there. This time we had a more patient, and very friendly and polite waiter. The food was great and we didn't feel like we had to rush to order this time. Spring rolls and the crispy spring rolls are our favorites so far. And the Fire Cracker shrimp and garlic noodles was delicious! The bartender specials were great tasting. I rarely order those. But since it was my birthday it was a fun night out.
5	Both times I ate here were great! I like the space and the patio. The pho was delicious, and everyone else was really happy with their food. I like that they have cocktails, too.
5	we love love this place!!  Found by fluke on yelp if course... Not wanting to drive back to Scottsdale to our former fav pho place.. Looking for one closer to our neighborhood.   Rice paper was a wonderful surprise!  Cute lil old house turned into restaurant.. Atmosphere is awesome casual.  Full bar w interesting drink menu (although I haven't tried any cuz I don't think to drink besides water w my pho!) appetizers awesome.  Pho amazing and the service too. Wahoooo. Dominick was sup sweet & attentive the 2nd visit.. But since then James has become out regular server and we adore him!!  Thx James n see you soon!!
4	Cute little spot. Came here twice for lunch and dinner. The first time was for dinner it was great. We ordered Pho and springrolls . Both were delicious. Came back for lunch and ordered vermicelli.  The fishsauce wasn't great.   It was plain fish sauce straight from the bottle. I'm not sure if I came in at the wrong time.
2	The food here is good, and it's been a go-to of mine for over a year.   I've liked every fresh roll I've ever had here, and the Pho is good in a serviceable, average kind of way.   However, the friendliness and attentiveness of lunchtime service has gone way down hill in the past 2-3 months.  And the parking situation  is abhorrently bad as always.
1	This was third visit to Rice Paper, and with each visit, my experience got worse and worse.I was super excited to have Pho so close to my home, and I loved my experience the first time, which was definitely due to the server. My second experience involved me having to ask for actual iced tea since the one they served me was so watered down it looked like dirty water.Today, however, was the final straw. Not only did it take 5 minutes to be brought drinks, but the waiter/bartender/guy with the Sanford & Son mustache was awful. We were the only table in the restaurant, and he still gave poor service. He ran his busser ragged once it began to get busier, and when he noticed we tipped his busser and said "this is for you, and only you," he came up and threw the ticket down on the table in front of us. I also didn't mention I had to get up and ask for Hoisin sauce, and when the busboy took it to be boxed up, I heard comments about how I used too much sauce in my broth, or some nonsense.Between this and the Ikea catalog vomiting into the interior, I would stay away.
4	Rice Paper is a modern, trendy take on Vietnamese cuisine. On the outside, it doesn't look like a restaurant at all - mostly because it is actually a renovated house. On the inside, it was an intimate restaurant space with a full bar, complete with a big dispenser of lychee vodka on the counter. It's mostly filled with tables for two, so you'd probably have to make a reservation if you wanted to bring in a large party. However, the atmosphere is great, somehow fusing modern and rustic. It really is a fashionable place - being served water with a slice of cucumber is one of your first indicators.I would have liked to try their pho, but I only had room for a snack. I really wanted to try their specialty rice paper rolls. These are expensive snacks, though. The rolls are $3.75-4.75 each. I had two: Tuna (seared ahi, jicama, avocado, mango) and Spider (tempura soft shell crab, mango, avocado). At least they're pretty big (thank goodness).Both rolls were nicely presented and come with a ginger-miso dipping sauce, which was delicious. The saltiness of the miso was complemented by tart and sweet flavors, but I think using too much sauce would be overwhelming. The rolls were fresh and unique, with the mango offering a tart freshness I'd never experienced in a summer roll. The tuna was by far the better choice, since it wasn't as salty as the spider and had a nice crunch from the jicama. The crab's flavor was a little lost in the tempura batter, I think. And I wished that the rolls were prepared a little tighter because they were falling apart as I ate them. Quite a bit of the shredded lettuce fell out, and I had to look around furtively wondering if anyone realized what a hot mess I was.I also sampled the pho broth to get an idea of what an actual pho experience here would be like. It was noteworthy because it was nice and clear, but somehow tasted a little heavy. Actually, maybe "rich" is a more accurate descriptor, along with "savory" and "meaty." I guess I'd give it 4 out of 5.I was resolved to ask some questions of Rice Paper's (non-Asian) staff. It's been open for two years now, and the owner is a Vietnamese lady from my hometown, San Diego. How about that? Apparently, she had a successful shop in San Diego which she sold before moving to Phoenix. She also owns Bonjour Vietnam, a French-infused contemporary Vietnamese restaurant attached to the famous Hotel San Carlos. I was only a little wishful that I'd stopped by there instead, as my Rice Paper experience was enjoyable.$10.29 for two summer rolls though? Yikes. I thought, In what world? Is this the future we're heading toward?Read more about my phoventures at www.phoacrossamerica.com
4	Excellent pho soup.  Great waiter. Thanks James!
4	I loved the food at this place. Their vegetarian Pho is great as are the spring rolls. They have a decent selection of local beers as well. Will have to come again sometime.
4	One of the best if not the bet Pho I've had so far. I also ordered the Lemongrass chicken which was spectacular...great green tea as well. Highly recommended.
4	We decided to try Rice Paper out after we couldn't find parking across the street at Green. Parking at Rice Paper wasn't much better (it was the weekend after all), but we  managed to find a spot. :) We were seated immediately in a mostly full restaurant. The decor was nice, very modern looking, but calming. I ordered the lemon grass chicken and my friend ordered the shrimp pho and a traditional spring roll. I was not a fan of my lemon grass chicken, and embarrassingly sent it back for the shrimp pho. I say *embarrassingly* because I NEVER send stuff back, but the dish was just too sweet for my liking. On the other hand, our server James was great!! He took my dish back, no problem, and brought out the pho in only a few minutes time. He was polite and attentive! Nice work, James! :)The Pho was REALLY good, I even got some to go for my boyfriend, and he loved it as well! I tried some of the traditional spring roll, and it was also delicious.
2	I went to Rice Paper for the first time this weekend- on the recommendation of a trusted "foodie" friend, but I was really disappointed. I find Vietnamese cuisine is generally accommodating to vegetarian diets, but this was not the case. From the start the service was really bad (had to ask for water, then silverware, then the check, you get it). When we finally got service, the food was very boring (bland fresh rolls, overly spicy curry) and just not that tasty....We sat outside and, although the night was fine and the atmosphere was pleasant, the bench seating was dirty which distracted me from the decent ambiance. It wasn't a horrible experience but definitely not worth revisiting. Have fun if you go, though!
2	Read alot of reviews from Rice Paper before going there.  It is an old house, remodeled inside for seating about 30 people. It was loud inside and uncomfortable seating was the first impression for we had chose a high top table. There was also outside seating.  I was excited to try the Pho based on the several outstanding reviews I read.  I do know now that all reviews were not on the RicePaper site, since there were no bad reviews.  My girlfriend ordered pho tai and I had the pho mignon. The first taste was ok, but we both agreed that the soup was saltier than other Vietnamese restaurants.  The meat was tender with a faint metallic taste.  The rice noodles were good, but a skimpy portion left me wanting more. We had the spring roll with chicken breast, and it was ok, but only half the size for a higher price than the best competitors in town.  We eat Vietnamese food three times a week on average, and not mentioning the service at Rice Paper(because its below par) we could not wait to erase Rice Paper from our three a week Vietnamese fix.  Overall the attraction is location, but there is hardly any parking available behind the house
5	I had the Pho Chay and the Asian spring rolls!! It was exactly what I wanted and I'm now a very pleased  human! James was the best server I had in a while.. He helped me choose what I wanted  and I was very happy with it all! I will definitely be returning!
4	Food decent. Spring rolls great. Pho, have had better. Service was not great.  Everyone was on their phones when we arrived.  Overcharged for one entree. Probably will not come back.
5	If you give me beer for $2.75 and some small dishes for a fair price, I will be back for more and more. Everything was good from the spring rolls to the pork sandwich. To end it off, we had some coffee THEIR way and OMG I love strong ice coffee but wow that was crack. I love it so much I got some to-go. See ya soon girls.
3	I got two types of spring rolls here: tofu and shrimp. Delicious! However the peanut sauce was disappointing so I round it to 3.5 stars.I do want to come back and try some different things on the menu, then I'll reconsider my rating.
2	Unfortunately, a bad experience. Bad service. Spring rolls not well wrapped which made a mess. The bread for the banh mi was stale. I ordered a coke, which they served me...and it was completely flat. When I brought this to the waiters attention, he said yeah...the carbonation in their machine was broken. So you served me a bad drink knowingly? And they were out of their Vietnamese coffee at 2 pm. Overall, disappointed in this place.
3	Still think the food is great, but the service sucks.It's too bad the gay bartender and all of the male servers are too busy flirting with each other and drinking on the job to pay attention to the customers.
1	We have been here a number of times and the service on each consecutive visit was in a serious downward spiral.  The last time we were there, (and it truly will be the last time) the restaurant was not busy but the wait staff were all too busy conversing among themselves in the kitchen.  We had 4 people and one of the entrees never made it us.  It took 20 minutes to get our drinks because the bartender was busy on the phone with the owner. (or so we were told)  What happened to the customer comes first?  And BTW, the parking is a disaster.  Not enough spaces and cars get log jammed in the lot.  Unfortunate for this place and we gave it many tries, but the last visit was the end for us.
1	Awful service! I took my mom to this place recently. We were seated promptly and that was the only prompt service we received after that. A server NEVER came to greet us or take our order. After about 15 min or so I approached the host who seated us if the waiter could please come by our table to take our order and we waited and waited....we eventually just left.  Never again will I be back.
1	Salty to the point you can't taste anything else. Dead on a Saturday @ 6:30-we should have known. The waitress showed her face 2 times total & had someone else do all the rest of her work. Appetizers came out well after our actual food. Bad service- horrible food.
1	Doesn't even deserve one star. This is the worst Pho In the country. Horrible. Bad food. Bad service. Appetizers came out after entrees and even after complaining they did. Itching about it. Cold Pho. Barely any chicken. Nasty flavor. Dirty restaurant. Store dirty dishes next to the bathrooms. Hot and cold kitchen don't talk.  WHAT???? The restaurant is all of 15 feet wide. On and thank for the tip about getting happy hour orders in.  Guess you missed out entirely cuz we stick to water after that. AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE!!!!
4	The location, perfectly poised patio and converted-house-into-restaurant earn definite points. Their food is good and it's not too pricey. I have had the pho, Vietnamese sandwiches, and spring rolls. The Vegetarian Tempura roll is delicious and is made with such fun accents as tempura asparagus (who knew) and mango. Mango anything is an automatic win in my book. The sandwiches come with a side of salad, sweet potato or garlic fries and you have the option to order a half pho if you don't feel like ingesting a kiddie pool's worth of soup. There are times when copious amounts of soup are definitely welcome but it's nice to have the option. The chicken Vietnamese sandwich was savory and not too big. Parking is not always easiest though they do have an overflow lot a little ways down on 7th Street. They lost points for having some notably aggressive flies in the windows by our table. I hate flies.
5	Mouths will water at Rice Paper. The restaurant thrives on it's mastery of adding unique twists to traditional Vietnamese dishes to create quality, specialty dishes.Rice Paper's menu offers an array of delicious noshes catering to all eaters, carnivores and vegans alike. The house-turned-restaurant offers comfortable seating outside at lounges and long tables or at high tops and tables inside. The restaurant is fairly small and dimly lit for a trendy, modern feel. It is a perfect place for a romantic date or group dinner party.Start off the night with one of Rice Paper's signature cocktails with lychee-infused vodka or a seasonal craft beer on tap. Pair drinks with one or two of the 17 different types of spring rolls, deep-fried or wrapped in rice paper. Meat lovers will also love the crispy chicken wings battered in a fish sauce reduction for an appetizer.The main course is the real deal. Bypass the banh mi sandwich (Vietnamese style cold cuts served in French baguettes) and Pho (traditional Vietnamese broth with vegetables and meatt) and go straight for the good stuff. Order the firecracker shrimp from the appetizer menu and the garlic noodles from the side dishes. The server will know exactly what you are talking about and will combine the two upon request.Don't let the "appetizer" and "side dish" titles confuse you, this is a large portion of food that will leave you feeling fully satisfied. Smaller appetites should consider splitting this dish and getting a couple of spring rolls along side.The firecracker shrimp and garlic noodles combo has become my Rice Paper creed and to be frank, there is just no point in going to the restaurant and not ordering these two dishes. The shrimp is plump and juicy on the inside, while the crackling battered skin on the outside offers the most satisfying crunch when you bite into it. It is covered in a delicious, tangy, creamy sauce with a sprinkling of black and white sesame seeds. Then, the shrimp is topped off with a boost of slivers of iceberg lettuce to give it that extra freshness and crunch.This dish, combined with the garlic noodles is absolutely divine. The thinly tangled noodles ooze with a buttery warmth and garlicky goodness. Swivel the noodles up with your chopsticks and pick up a shrimp to assemble the perfect bite. Let your taste buds tingle with excitement as they take in foodie sensation heaven, exactly what you've been wanting and the perfect way to end the week. Wait about 20-30 seconds before you take your next bite to really savor the moment. Additional Details: Parking can be limiting so consider carpooling if you plan to go with a big party. Happy hour is seven days a week 11a.m. until 6 p.m.
3	The food was great the service was bad.  If the service was good this could be a 4 star place.
3	I have eaten here three times.  The food was OK.  Service was inconsistent.  I guess I like traditional Vietnamese flavors over the "modernized" flavors.  I can get better Vietnamese food for half the price about 5 miles away at anauthentic restaurant.  Of course, the authentic restaurant is a dive and has no bar.  The atmosphere, bar and nice vibe elevate this from a 2-star to a 3-star.  Getting service to be more consistent is really their #1 issue here.
2	On our first visit,  on October 2013, we had great food and good service.  We had their Banh mi served with some of the best fries I've had.  We also tried their ahi tuna spring roll and it was very delicious.  We came back the second time a few months later, and I wish I could comment on their food, but we didn't get a chance to eat because they made us wait for at least 15 to 20 minutes from the time we sat on our table. until we finally decided to leave.  No one even offered us anything to drink.  It was not busy, there were a few customers, but a lot of servers and none of the latter would even make eye contact with us.  It was a small restaurant and it wasn't like they couldn't see us. It's worth noting that when we first ate here, there was a group of customers who also walked out without eating.  They were waiting for a long time, too, for service that didn't come.  After my second visit I know how they felt.  I have tried tons of other more authentic Vietnamese restaurants in the valley that have better food, pricing, and of course service (anything is better than this restaurant, though), so don't waste your time here.
4	Fun little old house converted into a restaurant (I love these). Sat outside to enjoy the great weather this time of year.The food was above average although I thought a little on the bland side.  I had the ahi tuna salad and the tuna itself needed some seasoning or sesame seeds to jazz it up.  I requested the chili trio that I saw at another table to make my own dressing.The greens and veggies were fresh and delicious.My friend had one of their massive spring rolls and it too looked fresh.Reasonable price, good service and fun vibe....I'll be back.
4	Fun little restaurant.  Parking can be a challenge but it's worth it.  The spring rolls are excellent.  The presentation is really nice and the sauces that are served with them are also excellent.  We also enjoyed the Shaking Beef.  They have a decent wine list and have a well stocked bar.  We've always had good service at this restaurant and have been to it several times!
3	I love the atmosphere  of this place. The service is great to. The food is good but expensive. It seem that ever thing on the menu were rolls which were very good but small. The rolls were individual sides and not very fulling. But they all tasted great. So I would go for appetizer and then somewhere else for dinner.
4	Great food always fresh....3rd time there and always a great meal......The noodles were awesome !!!
4	Great little place to grab some delicious Asian food. The spring rolls are excellent in this warm Arizona weather! Light, crispy and refreshing. When the weather warms up I love coming in for their Pho. The staff is always welcoming and friendly and I never fail to meet some nice people as the customers are always very friendly and welcoming!
3	Went here for lunch, based on various reviews of the place. My waiter/waitress seemed distracted. The place is small, but well kept, and seemed very busy. There's some outdoor seating, with coverings to provide shade from the Arizona sun. I sat outside and ordered the beef pho. The chicken pho that arrived a bit later was a generous portion of pho, with very large chunks of chicken. I thought about sending it back, but decided chicken would be a nice change of pace. The broth was OK. Not super, but decent. There was some chopped scallions in it, and a generous portion of noodles, which were slightly overdone.I added some fresh basil and bean sprouts (both provided as usual on the side), and also added a dollop of both the dark and light red chili paste, and several of Sriracha, which they don't serve in the bottle, but in one of the same style dish as the chili paste. But even with all that, it wasn't at all spicy. Got a little warm, but then I was sitting out in Arizona on a 95+ degree F afternoon.Not the best pho experience, but OK.
1	Rice Paper was one of my fave places to eat downtown Phoenix. It was also a place I conducted business lunches with clients. Unfortunately, today was not a good experience at all. Actually, it was downright disgusting. I took a client to lunch today at 11am. I ordered my usual- garlic noodles, fresh Buddha spring roll, and an iced green tea. My business client ordered the same but with the fresh chicken spring roll instead.  We received our food pretty quickly after ordering.  I ate through half of my garlic noodles when I noticed something dark in color. I moved my garlic noodles around with chop sticks and ... IT WAS A ROACH!  A ROACH IN MY GARLIC NOODLES THAT I WAS EATING-- antennas, legs, full bodied ROACH!!!  My client grabbed my plate bc she didn't believe me and threw her hands up in disgust. We immediately stopped eating and called our server over to the table. To make sure we did not cause a scene or disturb others eating lunch, I calmly asked the gentleman to look in my dish. He jumped backed and gasped in horror. He immediately walked away with the noodles and took it to the back. We immediately let him know we were done. He ensured that he will take care of it. A few minutes later a manager (im assuming bc she did not identify or introduce herself) quickly came to our table and apologized profusely stating that our bill will be comped.  Although we appreciate the apologies, the damage was done.  I'm sick to my stomach and mentally stunned by this horrible experience. The manager immediately stated that they were inspected recently with no problems and also the restaurant was  sprayed, in which I understood it was for pests.   She also stated "this is the first time this has ever happened. We always watch our food and look at it before it is served."  Even though it has been a few hours I'm still in shock and am very queasy.  My business client called me as well stating she was nauseous too and can't get over the situation. We  will never go back... Ever.  I will also ensure anyone I know doesn't go back. I am fully aware of what has and can happen in the restaurant business as I was a former State Health Inspector years ago.  I have witnessed quite a bit of unhealthy, disgusting, filthy things but it is a completely different story being the person behind the actual experience.   Sorry Rice Paper, you have lost a very loyal customer along with anyone who associates with me.
4	Went here on the advice of a friend.  Great service great prices, and a menu that is great for the healthy eater. Can't imagine what restaurant the neg reviewers went to, but I thought this place was great and will definitely recommend it.
3	Well, my wife and I went back to Rice Paper for another try at the PHO.  We love Pho and other vietnamese food so much.  This time the PHO was much better tasting, they figured out the recipe or had a different cook that night.  I would like a little more comfortable seat for my old butt, but I guess I will have to deal with the cheap seats.  Thanks for improving the PHO, just add more noodles and we are going to increase this rating next time!
4	Small space with huge flavor. I definitely recommend coming here. The tuna spring roll was amazing and so are the sandwiches. Must try. Only giving 4 stars due to space, but what the heck, love thy neighbor.
5	Great little place! Not sure why people keep ripping on the staff for service, we had great service and the food was amazing. We will definitely be frequenting rice paper from here on out. I would definitely recommend the pho mignon. The meat was extremely tender and perfectly prepared. Excellent flavor overall.
4	I never tried pho before, and a friend wanted to help me expand my horizons.Got to Rice Paper on a weekday evening, and grabbed a table on the indoor patio area. The place was cute, but it took over five minutes of staring at the bartender (who was chatting with other employees) to ask what the seating situation was. Do I sit anywhere? Hostess seating? Who knows- there's no signage so I guess choose your own adventure.Found my table and was greeted by a nice server named Dominic. My friend ordered pho, and some other things for the table. The food was good, the prices were fair, and the service was very good. I would come back to this place for sure.
2	I have been to Rice Paper a few times over the past year and a half. The three other times I have visited, I have had a pleasant experience, but it seems that this is going a little bit downhill. The Good: It has a very "safe" menu. It's very American friendly and the menu is in English and not in Vietnamese (some of the dishes have Vietnamese names). It has pretty good ambience. Very trendy along a row of other similarly trendy restaurants on 7th Street. The Bad: Cockroaches. I was shocked to see cockroaches (two) scurrying along the walls. I'm only writing this review because I thought that this had to be a fluke. I read another Yelp review and learned: this isn't the first complaint. To the restaurants credit, our meal was discounted (by probably 20%) and the wait staff was apologetic. I get that and I harbor no ill will. Stuff happens. From a business perspective, however, this is completely unacceptable. The waiter (manager?) said that they do have a pest control service but: "sometimes older restaurants in this area of town can occasionally have an issue like this." My reply was: "I have never seen cockroaches running walls or dropping into food." I suspect that if there are issues in the dining area, I'm very reticent to look at the kitchen. There are a number of other places I'll go instead.
1	good food, good service but overly social roaches ruined our dining experience.  My wife had to leave after seeing one and I also lost my appetite after seeing a 2nd and 3rd climbing up the walls and across the floor.  Exterminator recommended.
5	I've been coming to rice paper for about a year now. They have -- Great staff ! Great food ! The best happy hour with $2.75 drafts everyday. I will most definitely be a long time costumer
3	Didn't really know what to expect at a Modern Vietnamese restaurant. The word "Modern" really just means we're going to jack the prices up a little, fancy up the decor and have non immigrants serve you....because really the food is exactly the same as non modern Vietnamese restaurants. Food: Pho - No complaints. No specific praises. It was 105 degrees out and my Asian genes told me to get me some pho. It hit the spot. Spring rolls - The skin was fairly hard. Did not taste as fresh as I am use to. 1 order only comes with 1 roll cut into 2. Service: Decent service. Lunch appear to be semi busy but the staff is attentive enough to work through it. Environment: Seriously this place is in a pretty crappy looking area. Parking lot is small but they have extra parking 2 houses down. Once you walk in, it is a completely different vibe. Looks much nicer inside than surrounding area.Price: Pricey for the type of food, though you can easily make any type of food pricey by repackaging it. I just see it as a premium I am paying because I have limited options. Food: 3Service: 4Environment: 3Price: 2
2	Ambiance: 5 stars (for a Vietnamese restaurant, that is, not a steak house)Food: 1.5 stars Service: 2.5 starsSo after hearing how great this place was from a friend, I finally tried it out, and was shocked.  The food was not tasty - I think it was the chicken in the Pho that tasted bad.  The rest was just bland.  Never been back.
2	Ridiculously overpriced. OK I get they are hip and modern but banh mi sandwiches typically range from 3-5 bucks! I bought one for 8 dollars....why?? I get that there aren't much places around that make them, but that is cruel and unusual punishment just to be able to have one. I haven't even tried it but I really do hope it's the BEST banh mi I've ever tasted. It certainly is the most expensive I've ever paid for one.
3	Rice Paper is a cute little cafe off 7th Street.  The restaurant is super tiny, so parking is a challenge!  The service is with a smile; the servers are usually very friendly.  I have dined in and ordered to-go food.The pho is good but not the best, if you usually go to Vietnamese restaurants.
4	I was delighted to find this gem, located near downtown Phoenix. I personally had a good dining experience and an attentive server both times I dined here, and I enjoyed the flavors. Most important, the ambience makes this a good stop for a casual or friendly business lunch in the area. They also had some tasty healthy options. This will definitely become one of my go-tos.
5	I continue to have wonderful dining experiences at Rice Paper.  I highly recommend
4	This is a small, cozy restaurant that is unique. The food is fresh and tasty. The sandwiches, salad, and spring rolls are very good. It is a little expensive for what it is but I will definitely go back and try dinner options.
4	I love pho. I am a self proclaimed pho-natic. I love eating lunch. Lunching is good. I lunch here at Rice Paper regularly. This review is bound to suck hog balls. I like Rice Paper. It is an upscale, americanized, hipsteresq version of Vietnamese dining. The phood is yummy. I have tried lots on the menu. The servers are cute, and nice. Both the boys and the girls.  They take as long as most hipster eateries do. Uh yeah, so expect a bit of a wait. To be seated, to have your order taken, to be served. I don't know what it is. Even when the place is only moderately full, there is a wait. I can't complain about the grub though. It's not bad, not the best Vietnamese I've ever had, but I wouldn't turn my nose up at it either. Get it... Rice Paper, because, Vietnamese... Ha.
3	The spring rolls were amazing. We tried two different kinds and both were delicious. The bahn mi sandwich, not so much. It lacked that classic vietnamese flavor you normally get with a bahn mi sandwich. The fries were delicious however. The service was very odd. It was not very busy yet our server seemed very perplexed. He was running all over the place for us plus 2 other tables. We had to ask him twice for almost everything. Towards the end he walked over to us and stated while pointing his finger back and forth over our table "How isss......." and then just abruptly turned around and walked away. We weren't too sure what just happened. It was quite humerous. Because he gave us a laugh and that we felt bad for him, we ended up leaving him a great tip. He was probably shocked that he didn't get 15%. We will be back for the spring rolls, but maybe a different entree next time.
2	This was my first time here & it will probably be my only time. The fresh spring rolls were good, the Pho was OK but the service was really bad. There were only a few people there but they still managed to forget our coffee. Not a good first impression at all.
2	We'll start by saying the food was great, well above average (coming from some food snobs), but read the rest of the review to see why they only deserve 2 stars... if that. As others have said, the service was horrendous. We walked in and sat at the bar, and they acted as though we were interrupting them. As soon as we sat down, one of the waiters proceeded to restock the condiments right next to us, so close we almost bumped elbows. Then the fun began. The waiter with the shaggy light brown hair, gauged earrings, and beard was by far the most offensive employee I've ever encountered. Regardless of appearance, he was flat out rude. He was blowing his e-cig at us the entire time while jotting down notes CONSTANTLY, to what I am sure will be the next New York Times best seller... disregarding his work to be done, of course. As though he wasn't offensive enough at that point, he slammed down a bucket of silverware next to us, in the middle of the bar with paying customers on both sides, and proceeded to wipe down the utensils with his unwashed hands... because I'm sure there was no better place to do that.   This guys was also the one serving food to the table... no hand washing... and chain smoking his vapor cig as though it were a race to the cancer finish line, which he was clearly winning. I sincerely hope the business owner reads this because the food is really exceptional, but the service, the previously referenced employee in particular, will almost single handedly steer us away in the future. It's an absolute shame to trump such a culinary gift.
3	Their phone number doesn't even work, so don't even try to call in.
5	Best spring rolls I've ever had. I frequent this place at least once a week. Try their surf and turf - prepare to be amazed. Also, lemon grass chicken is one of their best dishes.
5	This restaurant has excellent food, a fantastic happy hour and an interesting clientele. I went there for lunch - I will be back. There isn't a lot of seating once the lunch hour hits so get there before noon. They have additional parking 2 blocks north - worth the walk.
3	Rice Paper is a trendy modern spot, meaning more American friendly. Nestled in a crappy side of Phoenix, the parking is challenging so be prepared for a hike if you aren't fortunate enough to park at the actual restaurant. It is tiny but I like cozy so avoid claustrophobia during lunch rush. I recommend the Surf and Turf spring rolls for sure. The pho is good but if you are an Asian foodie, you may snub it as there are more authentic spots out there. Staff is friendly but you may have to wait for attention when they are slammed. I'm just happy there's a pho spot when I have to frequent that side of town for meetings :)
5	Pho My Goodness! The place is cute, service quick and friendly, and the Pho Tai was delicious! A new favorite around this area - I will be back :)
1	Calling Rice Paper a Vietnamese restaurant is like calling Panda Express a Chinese Restaurant. Enough said.
4	Disliked the calamari...way too heavy on the deep fry. With mayo? I like traditional asian calamari. The spring rolls were great :)
4	This place is the best when it's cold, but I've had it on a hot summer night and it hits the spot just the same. The crispy chicken rolls are where it's at for appetizers and the half order of pho is generous! Over everything the ambiance here is really chill and relaxing, perfect place for a date or hey pretty much anything else
5	Amazing, amazing! I went twice while visiting Phoenix and I know once I move there, this will be a favorite for sure.  The spring rolls are super fresh and delicious and the pho tai is my favorite.  Huge and filling and so flavorful!  The location is small but has super cute outdoor seating and its very nice inside.
2	From an actual Vietnamese person:So we were in the mood for pho/vietnamese food so we decided to check this place out since it was recommended. Looked like a small home from the outside and pretty modern looking when we went in.For appetizers we ordered the fried spring rolls which were actually very small (bascially 2 rolls) and just meh. I ordered the pork banh mi and it was terrible. Probably the worst banh mi I've had, and I've had some bad ones. Tiny bit of pickled vegetables when it needed way more and the pork was poorly cooked and seasoned. Didnt taste like banh mi at all. My friend ordered the pho tai which was okay, definitely order the larger portion which just seemed like normal size. Don't know how small the small size must be. Service was also poor, Not a lot of people there and they took their sweet time, seriously just talking to each other at the bar. It was hard to get their attention with the way the restaurant was set up.If you have never tried pho before, definitely don't go here as there are many other good places in the phoenix area like pho thanh
3	The place is small and super cute.  The staff is nice.  Good vibe.  The food is average, americanized versions of Vietnamese food.  Good for someone new to the cuisine.  Very fun selection of spring rolls.
5	Ordered the pho and pork spring rolls to go. The phone order was a little difficult but the employee stepped outside to get it correctly. My food was ready when I arrived and even though I've had pho many times growing up in Seattle. He still very politely walked me through the process of how to put it all together when I got home. Pho was great, spring roll was large and tasty and fresh. Excellent service, nice atmosphere, very friendly. Highly recommended.
5	I freakin' love this place. Tiny, quaint, and good for a date. Spring rolls! And they are on happy hour! The veggie one with the mango is my fav. Very veg friendly. Sit at the bar and the cute red head will make you house shots!
3	Miss Saigon meets Brooklyn but in a good and non reproachable way. An inventive and expansive take on the Vietnamese classics that we've grown to love.  Good portions that satisfy your appetite without weighing down your afternoon.  Yet another win for the Coronado area.
2	Was in North Phoenix and the wifey wants Pho, the closest place to grab it was at Rice Paper. She places the order and I head there to pick it up. Fist off who builds a door that walks right into the toilet washroom. It was awkward to enter the building and dodge a woman coming out of the bathroom to wash her hands. The waitstaff were all hanging around the bar gleaming over the one seated table, and the welcome was less than enthusiastic. Our food was waiting for us on the bar and I paid and left as quickly as possible. We ordered the following: combo pho minus the tripe, veggie pho, chicken pho and some spring rolls. Now my wife is vegan and is very attentive to what she orders. Rice Paper claimed the broth to be vegitarian, however when we got into mixing our soup we noticed that it was the same broth as the other soups we ordered. The broth was overly salted and didn't have the nice fragrant smell like other places that don't suck. My brother ordered the Pho without tripe and guess what? They gave him tripe. My chicken Pho was mediocre and with enough lime juice and Sriracha tasted fine. Had the soup been descent, had the experience picking up my food been pleasant the prices are not so bad. All in all we spent $40 bucks for the experience to cross this restaurant off the list. Next time the wifey wants Pho, I'll spend the extra gas to get to Tempe.
4	BEST PEANUT SAUCE I HAE EVER HAD!  I am a spring roll fanatic and I'm always in search of great spring rolls and sauce.. And this place takes the medal for the best peanut sauce. I have had 100's of different sauce in my time due to my boyfriend being Vietnamese and always taking me to different hole in the wall mom and pop shops. Their pho is pretty good but the best out of what I had was their peanut sauce! Yummy
4	Neighborhood Pho? Sure, why not? Look, this place is going to give you exactly what you are looking for, it's going to 'hit the spot'. It's by no means the game changing, blow you out of your chair amazeballs but it's solid. I went with the traditional Spring roll and Chicken Pho. It was exceptional. I will be back!
2	Everything about the service and food of this place was mediocre. Our waters were never refilled and I felt like we were ignored the entire time. We got sat right away, but waited for quite awhile for our food to come out. I wouldn't mind waiting, but there was barely anyone in the place.  My mother had the noodle salad which was decent and fresh. I ordered a beef pho and it was terrible. The broth was bland and the noodles weren't even cooked all the way. PLEASE try Pho Thanh or other great pho places in the area if you think the pho here is actually good. This place is over-priced and over-rated for what it actually is.
4	What do they do to the edamame?! It was like crack, my boyfriend and I literally argued over who gets the last pieces. We live in Reno and I would love to make him this as a surprise...
1	Truly this isn't a vietnamese restaurant... Not an asian person on staff. Sure for your urban folks this is how they tolerate eating asian food but to anyone who knows asian cuisine this is not the place to go.. First the service was nice - slow but the workers were friendly enough.. Second, I don't know how they could charge what they do for their appetizers.. $4.75 for 2 eggrolls sliced in half - RIPOFF. The fish sauce wasn't authentic at all. Ordered Phoa and wasn't impressed at all... $8 for a half a bowl of phoa is a ripoff as well. Total for 2 diners $26.60.. Come on folks - normally it's $16 for 2 including appetizer, phoa and drinks.... I wouldn't even mind paying if it were truly authentic and the best Phoa in AZ... Will not be vising again..
4	Let me start this review by  saying I've never been a fan of spring rolls.  You know, those fired, stale tasting, bland things you get as a side with your chines takeout.Rice Paper DOES IT DIFFERENT AND DOES IT WELL! Its like sushi meets a burrito is the best way I can describe it, I could have ordered one of everything off the fresh spring roll menu.Stopped in here on a whim and tried some fried tofu and a glass of beer. Okay, things went well, taste was good so on to the spring rolls. The rolls had great texture and were full of fresh ingredients with tasty dipping sauce.Great place to eat (additional parking to the north) and the bill for two was under $20.I'll be back!
4	Nice small intimate location.  Come for the happy hour drinks and appetizers.  The spring rolls are great.  The pork entree I had was a little dry, but the broth it was it was perfect.  Staff is friendly, great date night place.  One detractor, there is little lighting in the parking in back, a little spooky.
2	Not recommended. The server was amazing, she gets 5 stars. However,  the chef obviously doesn't taste his/her food. I ordered Pho,  the broth was horribly bland and one of the key ingredients (tripe) was omitted.  I also ordered traditional a spring roll. The spring roll wasn't too bad but the peanut sauce didn't even have any peanuts in it. Nice atmosphere,  great service,  but horrible Pho!If you enjoy Pho....do not choose Rice Paper.
3	I've been coming here for years and I hate to re-write my review but the past few times I have been here the service is terrible.  Today we waited over 30 mins to get our appetizer.  Not sure if there is a change in the management or what but this place seems to be aloof when it comes to customer service! Not sure I'll be back anytime soon.
4	What a great place to eat. They have so many rolls to choose from. One of my favorites in the veggie roll and shrimp roll. Great atmosphere but a little small so beat the crowd and get there early. Dessert there is only one but its always good. Creme boule. Its not very expensive but what I like most. Its fresh and very healthy. There sauces they make are great as well.
4	Was one of the few places opened late on a Monday Night. Found through yelp actually, and was glad I did baby. Full bar. Pho. Shared bathroom concept was in effect with an organic twist. The place seemed like all my cool hip freak-a-zoids be at. Food was pretty good baby.
1	Moved to the area, tried to go twice...This is the place pretentious hipsters go to wait in long lines (around the building), deal with the same pretentious attitude from the servers, and pay double for a bowl of Pho. It's a tiny converted house in central Phoenix that they squeeze people into like sardines. No one in there was smiling or even came close to it (but most were hipsters... Soooo). Also, be prepared to park in the ghetto several hundred yards away from the building, then walk back through that same ghetto with your family to stand in line for hours.Look I get it, the broth is real and hearty but this should not make a bowl of pho cost twice what everyone around you is charging.  The nested rice noodles were over cooked when they arrived at the table, the greens were only so/so, and the variety of add ins was very sparse. You can't dress up a pig and call it a super model. You can't charge 12 bucks for pho in central Phoenix. There are 5 authentic Thai places that come up when you search "pho" in yelp. Choose anything but this place and you will get fast service, dirt cheap prices, and no pretentious BS disguised as a unique experience with a depressing indie rock soundtrack.Don't do it. Stay authentic.
5	I had a date on a Saturday night in September and I choose this restaurant. The food was light and very flavorful, the waitstaff were nice and polite, and the decor was pleasing and calm. Parking is limited because they share a lot with a family next door? I didn't have problems finding parking but my date had to move his truck. Great spot to sit, eat, and have conversation!
5	Hidden gem so stay away because I love this place and don't want no scrubs. This place is sushi grade Len the artisan from nhatrang Vietnam the first female sushi chef in Phoenix hand rolls authentic fresh reinterpretations reminiscent of her home flavors that she's known inherently and delivered then to our palettes.
5	Cute little spot across the street from Nami, tried their tofu sandwich, I would want to come again and try more things to judge the food but the sandwich I had was pretty good.
5	I've always liked the food here. Tonight's review is about the service.Our house was robbed today while I was out running errands with my two small kids. We arrived home to find our house trashed, valuables stolen, and our sense of security violated. After dealing with the police, the fingerprint dusting, and trying to figure out what is gone, I couldn't imagine cooking dinner and just wanted comfort food. I found myself at Rice Paper. The tall redheaded bartender and his coworkers kept me entertained and made me smile after a rough day. And the pho really hit the spot!
5	Really modern feel, clean and simple. authentic Vietnamese cuisine. loved it expect to pay about at least 20 dollars. pho and the crispy egg rolls are my recommendation. service was always on point and friendly.
2	I had heard good things about this place but was really disappointed. We had 5 servers, and still somehow they managed to forget bring us two different things we ordered, despite asking multiple times. Just never even came. The pho was totally mediocre, which suck. I wouldn't  recommend this place at all.
3	Been here a handful of times, its hit or miss. The place is VERY pretencious and hipster-ish but on a normal day you can get a good bowl of pho. It is over priced compared to other more authentic places but the quality of  sliced beef in the pho is better then most places. They do pride them self on the variety of spring rolls they offer, which I found to be nothing special but not bad. So all in all its OKAY, plain and simple.
4	Delicious pho, decently priced.
1	This would not be my first choice for Vietnamese but I wanted to try it out. First time was mediocre and over priced but I liked the idea of lots of fresh spring roll options. Second and third time they were out of spring rolls, salads, and sandwiches. That's over half their menu. Definitely won't be a fourth time!
