4	a new grocery store Madison needed so badly. We have Asian Midway that has good selections but the store is filthy and the place is run down. I have been hoping for a new grocery store on the est side of town for so long. It was very exciting for us to have our very own grocery store near where I live. I love the vegetable and frozen foods selections. Most important of all, the store is still new so it is cleaner than Asian Midway. I found that the price is a little more than Asian midway but i don't mind paying a few cents more to support a new business on our side of town. the owners are very nice. It truly is a family owned business.
4	I've not seen so many eclectic cuts of meet at an Asian grocery store in Madison- duck heads by the dozen, pork bellies ten ways, fish heads, and nice looking beef short ribs. They also have a huge, seemingly fresh, produce section with lots of fresh herbs at a good price. Also, the employees were very friendly, which isn't the norm in most Asian markets.
5	This is a clean, nice store that is well-stocked with everything imaginable to make a variety of Asian dishes. The staff is helpful and everything looks fresh. A new bistro, Lee's Asian Bistro, just opened up next door so I am going to assume the stock gets good turnover. We east siders are lucky to have this market as an option.
5	Love this store. It's nowhere near as well organized as Yue Wah (and doesn't carry Hispanic, Middle Eastern or Indian foods), but their Asian selection is better and the prices are comparable. Plus it's much easier to get to for east siders and has better parking. The produce section is extensive and often insanely cheap (like cheaper than Woodman's, for better quality). The owners are friendly and helpful. Check out the store-made specialties stacked by the checkout. My favorite is the 3-dollar banh mi - yum!
5	By far the best Asian market in Madison. Clean, organized and bigger than the other stores. They have a great selections of ingredients I need to make authentic Vietnamese home cooking. Best part, it is not smelly. If only it was closer to the Capital I would visit it more.PS, this review was for my visits in 2011 through Jan 2012 before I moved. I was writing other reviews so thought do this one too.
4	The Viet Hoa market in Monona is well worth going to for any asian food item you may ever find yourself in need of. They have a large store with extensive selections of asian foods from every country in Asia. The departments include: Fresh meat counter(mostly pork and chicken some lamb and beef) if your recipe calls for duck feet or chicken uteri, this is your store!, a small deli/prepared food case (fresh sandwiches and desert items), frozen fish dept. (many whole, with species I have never heard of),  non-foods, imported asian consumables, and religious items, an extensive dried noodle aisle, canned foods also sauces & vinegars from all over, asian cooking utensils and pots galore, frozen foods, produce, and I have to mention the literal tons of sacks of every type of rice know to man, they even have red rice! If you are in search of authentic asian greens of any kind look no further. They have many greens I have never heard of and have no idea how to use but this is not a problem, just ask one of the friendly staff. The owner is always there and he is all too happy to give advice on food preparation and uses of the unique produce you will find here. I must also add that on regular produce the prices are always much less than Woodmans or Copps but supply and occasionally quality can be lacking.I always find myself buying much more than I had on my list, so bring some extra money and time--You'll need it!
4	Good variety of Asian grocery food. Price is reasonable. There is good vegetable selection.
5	This is my favorite Asian market in the area. They carry just about every ingredient from every Asian cuisine (I'll pass on the pork uteri, thx) including an insane selection of fresh noodles. Usually, this store is cleaner than others, the produce fresher and the staff friendlier. Make the drive out, you'll love it.
1	Will never ever visit again!!! They sell food years overdue!!!!!!  Be careful with that, I'm serious! I just can't believe it how can you do that to people?!!
5	Fairly clean, well organized, great variety and reasonable prices.Was really happy to see Korean items here. Now I can get all the ingredients I need to make kimchi and other dishes here. Rather then order it off amazon.Just don't expect a worker to come up to you and help you without asking. Put half the fun is to go down each aisle and read the products. There is some crazy stuff or just plain things never heard of using in cooking.
4	Love this place!  Every time I go in there, I find something new to play around with.  I'm currently on a Szechuan kick, so....got my dried chilies, and Szechuan peppercorns no problem. Last time I was in, was looking for specific items, and the gentleman that helped me took me around to everything I needed, told me his preference on the brands, and was just wonderful.I highly recommend this store if you are looking for ANY Asian ingredients!
2	While they do have a great selection of canned and dried goods, most of it is expired or the expiration date has been rubbed off. If you do end up buying expired goods here, make sure the can isn't dented and the lid isn't popped up in the middle. If the prices are cheaper than other Asian grocery stores, it's probably because their stock has been sitting on their shelves longer. When I went (8pm on Saturday), the store was completely empty except for two children. Turns out one of them was the cashier. Not my favorite store.
4	It has become go-to location for hard to find Asian ingredient; especially S.E. Asian.  The facility is clean and well lit.  Most importantly the produce is clean and usually pretty fresh.  I did buy a bag of rotten tofu there once (buying tofu in a bag is probably never advisable).
4	Great selection, reasonable prices, and clean.  My go to for dumplings, red bean, and seaweed fix.
3	Typical but a bit above average asian grocery store.  Food items are well stocked,  a lot of varieties including your everyday cut of beef.  More spacious than your average asian store.  As always expect no greeting upon entrance and departure.I visited primarily for the deli in the back of the store which turned out to be more of a disappointment than I thought.  I was hoping for a more authentic home style cooked meal.  Instead it was your everyday Chinese menu such as beef with broccoli, hot n sour soup, etc.  the good thing is they have roasted duck and roasted sweet pork.  A bit pricey but I wasn't sure where else they had an asian deli that served these so I bought some.  They were good and flavorful but not worth it for a return trip here.
3	I go shopping here whenever I decide to try my hand at cooking Thai food.  They always have what I need.  I'm also willing to admit that I love just perusing the aisles and looking at all the packages of things often labeled in at least two different languages.  The odds and ends seem prolific to me.  They do have a meat case in the back of the store, and honey it ain't your typical "white bread America" meat case.  I don't know why, but I always tip toe past the meats as I oogle at the frogs, duck feet, pork bellies, and roly poly fish heads!  The peculiar finale comes when I bring my items up to the register and a teeny, tiny, young girl is standing there eating a bowl of cereal.  The first time this happened I thought it was very odd.  I said hello and thank you through out the course of our interaction, she said nothing, not even eye contact was made.  When I get out to the parking lot I feel like I just woke up and I think "wait.........what just happened??"
