5	Went there for Ladies Nite - loved it!!! A dollar off any drink is great. The music was good and the crowd was very friendly. The bartender was sweet and made me very comfortable. Its a nice safe place on the main street. My grlfriends met me here and we had a great time.
4	This is the best place to go on a Friday. The drink specials are great, it's cool inside and everybody is super friendly. The Karaoke starts and 9 and it's awesome. In fact they continue the Karaoke on Saturday. This place rocks!
5	$1.00 Fireballs and free pool for Father's Day! You can't beat that. The bartender is hot and friendly - pretty rare.
5	This is a great neighborhood bar, Cheap drinks, friendly patrons and cute and bubbly bartenders.  Amazing Karaoke on Fridays and Saturdays, friendly Texas Holdem games on Mondays and Thursdays and 50 cent pool make this place a great find.The location and parking is convenient and safe. This place is awesome!
1	Worst lounge to ever goto. Bartender couldn't even figure out my age arlfter I had showed her 4 ids from 4 different states. The bar stinks like drugs and garbage. People are low lives and are rude as well as the bartender. How professional is it when a bartender asks you if you know where to get cocaine? Be careful of the low lives stealing beers, drinks and personal items fom you when you are not looking. Worst bar ive ever been too. The staff are far from professional.  They will never have my buisness again and I would encourage anybody never to step foot in this dump. Dont even get me started at all the bugs and roaches roamimg around the floors and pool tables. I would never ever recommend this bar to anybody. I also forgot about all of the underaged kids who hang out get drunk and be obnoxious. I cannot stress how much this bar needs to be investigated and shut down. What bar allows underage kids to run around the bar and get obnoxious drunk? Overall experience: very unprofessional,  dirty environment (bugs),  underage kids, very very poor customer service. This bar is a scrubby place to goto. Very very unprofessional.
