4	I initially stopped in at the Rubin's off of Whitney Way, but the salesperson directed me to the clearance center out in Monona. It's located in an old half-moon shaped airplane hangar off of Monona Dr., just a few miles off the belt line. It's true that even with clearance prices, you'll spend more here than you would at IKEA. Nonetheless, I was impressed with the quality and the modern, Scandinavian designs they had available. An added bonus is that you won't have to assemble everything yourself! A very helpful and non-pushy salesperson helped me find a few things, including mid-century style hanging lamps marked down to $34.95 from $179.95! I have a feeling there are many good deals to be found here, depending on what you're looking for. They offer delivery for any amount of items, within Madison, for $87. Not too shabby if you're furnishing a new place and don't have a truck!Hopefully I'll be back for a dining room table ($399), a computer desk ($139), and a few mirrors ($30 - $150).
4	Some good deals to be had here. Saarinen, Eames and Bertoia copies which sometimes end up here from the main showroom downtown. Super nice people, not too pushy. Higher quality most of the time over what you will find at particle board shops like Ikea, and you don't have to drive an hour each way for it. Definite Like.
3	Rubin's Clearance Center has some interesting pieces and some very good deals.  Their inventory is always changing.The only downside to shopping there is their strict no refund/no exchange policy.  They will not budge under any circumstances.  I just got burned on that a few weeks ago on a new sofa and chair.  Rubin's Clearance Center is fine for smaller purchases.  For more expensive items, I would go with a store that has customer friendly policies.
4	We recently bought a mid-century house and had no furniture for a couple of the rooms. We went to the Rubin's Clearance Center and happened to catch their moving sale, which meant that everything was marked down below their normal clearance price. Nice! You won't pay Ikea prices, but this is, for the most part, high-quality stuff. Real leather, real wood (for most items), etc. There are a few with scratches and dents, and many items are floor models, but for the most part, that doesn't bother me. We got a really good deal on a chair that apparently someone had ordered but came with the wrong fabric. We also left with a shelf/storage unit/drawer thing, a desk, and a rolling chair. The manager threw in a few gift-y items I had picked out, too. The downside is, the salesperson (not the manager), kept reminding us that it was "20 minutes until closing time." This started a half hour before (believe me, I used to work in retail, and I know the "oh, you have a half hour before we close" trick). We were out of there ten minutes before they closed, so it's not like we were making them stay late. If you're making commission on a sale which could be several thousand dollars (it ended up under 2K, but still), you shouldn't be pushing people out the door. I might have picked up a couple of other items if I hadn't felt rushed out.
