3	This show introduces you to 3 of some of the best entertainers in Las Vegas history. Dubbed "The Rat Pack" which is comprised of Sammy Davis Jr, Dean Martin, and Frank Sinatra. This 75 minute show is located inside the Canyon Club inside the Four Queens Casino at the Fremont Street Experience.If you are familiar with any of these famous singers/actors at all, then you will appreciate the show they put on. Each guy does a good job of mimicking the voices and singing of each respective entertainer. If you close your eyes, you can literally picture them singing onstage. Even down to the accent, the Sinatra guy had a New York voice to his dialogue.Of course, if you are not familiar with these famous guys, then I suggest you do some homework before going to this show. When I went, a majority of the room were 50 and older. Not to say im a spring chicken myself for I am 40.Overall it was an ok show for me mainly because it was definitely not in my era but I can still learn to appreciate good talented entertainment. For those that want to relax and sit back with some drinks, there is a bar conveniently located to the left of the stage which all three characters take full advantage of. Not sure if they are really drinking something alcoholic or if its just part of the show because the real guys actually did this in real life when they performed. Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #125
3	Went to see the Broadway Rat Pack today at the 4 queens (4 pm show). It was good but the theater is dirty and divey as well as just having banquet chairs. The performances were really good but I would like to see a band and not just a karaoke show with pre recorded music. The entertainers are sort of believable as the original RP Sammy Davis jr, Sinatra, Dean Martin. They can all sing good and I would probably go back again with a highly discounted ticket. I would not pay the $72 rack rate. Think I paid around $17 for two.We went to the 4  pm show and there were about 15 people in the audience.
1	Don't waste your time going to see this show. Boring production. I went to see this show after hearing a dear friend of mine had NEVER been paid for his time performing in this 'snooze fest'...Danny Z of Danny Z Productions nothing less than a double-talking con man, and most likely couldn't produce a turd, let alone a show-unless you care to consider this show HIS turd...save your money, don't waste your time...
4	A small and intimate venue at the Four Queens the "Rat Pack" are 3 cutie petuties. Dean, Frank & Sammy are great singer/entertainers. Sometimes you just have to feel for these poor young thangs who entertain their hearts out to the old fogies in the audience... I enjoyed their show and definately would go again!
4	This was an enjoyable show.  I never could quite afford the real Rat Pack when I was a college student and they were in town, so seeing a tribute show later in life may be a pale substitute but was a nice alternative.  The performers were close on in voice, and not too far off in looks.  But the oddest thing the night my group attended is that Sammy Davis wasn't there.  We were told that Sammy was on a trip to San Francisco, but "a new kid" who harbored great talent was going to be introduced to us  That "kid" turned out to be Elvis!  Two-thirds of the rat pack with an Elvis tribute artist seemed like an unusual juxtaposition of entertainers, but on this particular night the combination worked quite well, and was a refreshing change up!For those who like small and not too expensive shows and good singing in an intimate setting, I do recommend this one.
