4	My stupid condo complex has, count 'em, ONE washing machine and ONE dryer for sixteen units. Awesome. So when I have a lot of laundry to do, including rugs, bedspreads, and towels, it's off to the *shudder* laundromat. I have many supremely ghetto options in my neck of the woods (central Phoenix), but I voluntarily drive all the way to Tempe to Eco Laundry. This recently renovated laundromat is surprisingly not ghetto, for a laundromat. You still have your random screaming children with their equally poorly behaved parents, but the place is open, spacious, airy, and sparkling clean. The decor is sleekly IKEA-esque, with clean concrete floors. The staff is super friendly and helpful, and it's pretty mellow and quiet (again, minus the stray stupid kid). Since everything is new, *all* the machines actually - wait for it - FUNCTION. The prices are comparable other facilities, $1.25 for a small washing machine, $2.25 for the 2-loaders, $3.25 for the 3-loaders... and it goes up to 6-load capacity machines. Oh yeah, and free wi-fi! And free coffee! Very nice touches.They also have laundry services here, where you drop it off and the staff does it for you. Since I am a laundry control freak, I have not partaken in this service and can't vouch for its value, but it's nice to know it's available.
4	I'm so used to having my own washer & dryer in a apt.  But unfortunately times are a little rough so living with my cousin' s family temporarily at the moment.  To cut down on his cost I've decided to use laundromats until i get another place.  I've been trying certain places in my area but heard about this place and let me tell you it's worth the drive from Mesa, AZ.  First of all, the place is spotless all the time.  The staff there are friendly and always helpful.  The machines are great very affordable, i usually use the double load washers which run about 2.50.  You also only have to use about half the recommended use of detergent because there machine are so efficient.  They also have single top loaders for 1.50.  The places quiet even on a busy weekend and there is always a tv on with a favorite show and free coffee at the desk.  But here's my biggest draw to the place....free wifi!!!!  Now i can do my laundry and check the internet!!  I make sure i have alot of laundry since i have time to kill from washer to dryer.  I have a great time there and have a clean load of laundry when i leave.  Some places now are trying to duplicate what this place has but haven't met the excellent standard that this place offers.
5	I hate hate HATE going to the laundry but I've moved to an apartment that doesn't have facilities. Or rather the crap equipment it does have isn't worth trying.I love EcoLaundry. Period. It's almost painless to go do laundry now. It's always clean, well-lit and staffed. I've only seen one machine down and the repairman came while I was there. Plenty of space, the machine sizes range from regular top-loading singles to front loaders that hold 6. Plus there's plenty of rolling carts and work spaces for everyone. Even the bathrooms are clean.There's multiple TVs for entertainment if you don't bring your laptop to use the free wi-fi (and power plugs along the back wall).
4	This is the one and only laundromat I've been to and will probably go to in AZ. I have my own w&d but my mom told me the comforters have to go to the big boy wash, so that's where I take 'em. It's always super clean, the vending and change machines always work, plus there are a few tv screens and free wi-fi. What else could you ask for?
5	Clean and friendly, with wifi!
5	This place is awesome, plenty of washers/dryers, free wifi, large tv's. plenty of seating area and tables to fold laundry. staff is friendly. my only complaint is the parking, it's a very small space.
3	Clean, brightly-lit environment and a large selection of one- to three-loaders await you, but what makes me return are the friendly attendants, who try their best to offer assistance!  I love how w/out your even asking, they'll run outside and retrieve the roll-away carts from you, but not before helping you load your full baskets into your car!  These attendants deserve raises for working as hard like they do.You"ll find change and vending machines (junk food and cleaning materials) if you need anything, and there are TVs and free wi-fi to keep you company while you wait!  (One gripe: please add some electric sockets!)
5	The internet is not working :(Actually the internet is working after I asked them to restart the wifi.The place is super clean and it has a wifi!!The staffs are friendly and it is just right around ASU campus.
5	Laundromats are usually the most depressing places on earth (though AM/PM's and Circle K's give them a run for their money). Not this place - it's brand new, clean, bright, with a friendly college student vibe. Flat screen tv's are running CNN, there's free wireless internet, free coffee, and some vending machines.I have a washer and dryer, but travel a bunch and often want my clothes laundered. This place has a very reasonably priced drop-off service which can even be same-day if you come early enough. They also keep a record for each client, so if (for example, in my case) you need free and clear detergent and no fabric softener, they remember without you having to tell them. (True disclosure, they made a mistake twice - not very often considering how often I use them - and have been so sorry each time).The owner is awesome, and she's got an eye for good staff as well. Whether it's her or any of the other people that staff the desk, they greet me with a smile and often remember my name. Icing on the cake: they use only eco-friendly liquids and energy conserving machines, and can send away your clothes for dry-cleaning to an eco-friendly cleaner.
5	Clean nice staff,tons a big flat screens to watch and nice washers and dryers,a good place to watch bums and suto sheeck college kids mingle together.always interesting.not 24 hrs but the nicest one in tempe,
5	Clean Laundromat, clean bathroom, bright with plenty of carts and helpful staff.  Worth going to when your washer breaks!  I've come back to wash king-sized bedding.  Bring your laptop or ipad.
5	Meets all the criteria for a great laundry.Clean building inside and out (recently re-modeled I think), friendly and helpful staff, machines all working and not too expensive. $3.50 / wash for the larger 3 load machines. Lots of TV's spread around plus seats.While I was there the young lady went all around sweeping and cleaning the floor and wiping down surfaces. It's a lot cleaner than my house for sure :-)Parking seems a little limited for such a big laundromat.Switched the cable TV channel  in time to catch the Coyotes - Red wings game. Unfortunately the coyotes lost...11/23/12 UpdateWashing machine died last week and it took LG  over a week and 2 visits to get it fixed. So I had to go back and use ECO laundry again for the week. All the same comments still apply - clean and friendly operation - lots of machines. Parking still a little limited.  They do have free WiFi.
4	Basically, a laundromat is a laundromat is a laundromat. Usually. This place is definitely different. It's decidedly not creepy, which is nice, has half a dozen or so big screen tvs, and it's pretty clean. They've got different size washers from single load up to 6 loads, perfect for blankets, bedding etc. They also have huge 50lb dryers that will fit all the large loads AND get them dry. No more having to throw 2 pairs of jeans in one dryer, a handful of shirts in another, and hoping for the best. The free wi-fi is a nice perk, but it would be nice if there were more tables or counters to sit at rather than having to balance your laptop on your lap. The parking situation is less than ideal, but it's the lesser of the evils. What really set this place apart was the service. We went on a Sunday with a ridiculous amount of laundry. We had loads going in 4 or 5 different washers. As a result, we ended up accidentally forgetting a load there. We called on Monday, around 9pm, and the girl there went to check, saw that the clothes were actually still in the washer, and put them in a bag, and said she'd hold them for us until we went back to get them. I don't know many laundry places that even have a staff on site, much less someone who would go that extra mile for us. Tip: the 5 load washers are the best deal. A single load is $1.25, the 5 load washer is $4.25.
5	As someone else put it, " the Cadillac of laundromats"
5	For laundromats, this place is as good as it gets. Much like fellow Yelper M.E. said, "the Cadillac of laundromats."Pros:-Lots of washers ranging from 1 loads to 6 loads-A wall's worth of dryers (30 lbs) and 2 larger (50 lbs) dryers-All the machines work! (I've been here about 4 times and I haven't seen a broken machine. Other area laundromats usually have a few machines that don't work and aren't labeled...)-Six (or maybe eight) flat screen TVs with free control of the remote-Free wifi-Magazines, vending machines (drinks, snacks, laundry supplies)-Clean everything: clean folding tables, clean floor, clean machines-Lots of baskets inside and out-Very friendly staff-If you don't have the time to wash your clothes, Eco Laundry provides a laundry and dry cleaning service. I'm not sure of the costs per pound, but I have seen enough people drop off their clothes to conclude that the price is reasonable.Cons:-Small parking lot (I've always found a spot, but if you go at a busy time, you might not be so lucky.)In my mind, the pros of this place far outweigh the cons. My apartment complex has a few machines downstairs but I would rather go through the hassle of loading up my car with all my laundry and driving to Eco Laundry than use the icky machines of my complex. If you need to do laundry in Tempe, this is the place. I think Eco Laundry should buy out the loan shop next door and expand the laundromat. I would love to see some 4 load machines added to the space. And maybe some more parking spots.
4	I'm here at least twice a month. I'm happy with the facilities and staff. They have about 8 TVs and offer free wifi. Once I thought I lost something and they let me look in lost and found, didn't find it but they  at least let me look.
4	Really nothing to complain about.  Clean, friendly staff, affordable (been a while since visiting s laundromat), lots of TV's, machines worked really well.... Nice!Only con....  The WiFi wasn't working.  They reset the router (I think) but no avail.   So I played Angry Birds :-)Be back next time I have a lot of stuff to wash.
5	I've been to a few laundromats back in the day, but got spoiled with my own washer/dryer. Then I moved to an apartment with a washer/dryer combo (like in one machine). It was tiny and could barely hold 1/2 a load. So, I went down the street to this place and loved it. Unlike the other laundromats I've been to, this place was air-conditioned. It had plenty of machines in a variety of sizes. Also the staff was helpful in showing me how to use the machine. Just a tad on the pricey size for the larger machines. But, no complaints over all. The place is wonderful! Highly recommend. They even have a fluff and fold service available, if you are interested in that.
5	So... we were unable to use the laundry machines at our apartment complex for a month, and aside from doing some desperation laundry loads at our friend's place, we had a large laundry pile of impending doom.  Unsure of when the laundry room problem would actually be fixed, we bit the bullet and headed over to Eco Laundry to wash, wash, wash, and dry, dry, dry those massive piles of laundry!  We were immediately greeted by the cheerful associate, who encouraged us to ask him for help if we needed anything.  They have change machines, and vending machines with snacks, drinks, and laundry supplies if you've forgotten or run out of a few items.  The machines were clean, as were the floors, and there were many different washers to fit your load needs (1, 3, 5, and 6 load washers).  We went here on a busier night, but had no problem with getting the type of machines we needed, or getting a dryer.  They also have carts for you to place your laundry when transporting it to the dryers.  I was impressed by the associate here.  I don't know his name, but he was a young gentleman with a thick (Scottish?) accent, but I commend him for his devotion to work!  He was constantly moving from area to area, cleaning the floors, and cleaning the inside of the machines to make sure everything was spotless.They finally fixed the laundry room problem where we live, but if we ever need to go to a laundromat again, this is the place to go!
5	Love this place. My hubby and I used to go here every other Sat. The machines are clean and theres *plenty* of them. The staff is super nice. Go there enough and itll be your "Cheers" of laundromats.Honestly, the only reason we stopped going here is because the machones at our complex were a bit cheaper and we didnt have to load our laundry into the car. Ive sense noticed a decline in our machines, so we may be going back to Eco soon!
1	The WORST WORST WORST place in town.  I WILL NEVER GO BACK THERE AGAIN !!!The dryers didn't work leaving my clothes sopping wet and the 2 extremely RUDE women working there, REFUSED to refund my money.  The place was filthy dirty and crowded and there were not enough laundry carts. Moreover, the women working there had a HORRIBLE ATTITUDE toward the customers.There's hardly ever any parking spaces available and homeless bums, drug addicts and drunks hang out in front bothering customers for spare change...DON"T WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THESE PEOPLE.  THE WORST !!!!
5	Loved this place!  I don't go to laundromats often so I was a bit clueless upon entering, but the staff was extremely helpful and friendly.  They have a wide selection and number of machines along with deep basin sinks for hand washing items, vending machines with all the laundry supplies you could need, vending machines for refreshments, and movies playing all around the place. The entire laundromat was extremely clean and welcoming.  I would highly recommend to anyone!
5	fast & cheap
4	Now let me preface this by saying I don't "do" laundromats.  I've been spoiled in that most of my life I've had a washer and dryer at my disposal.  (Being little and going with mom doesn't count!)  So sometimes when I get in there, it takes a minute for me to get acclimated.  But I'll go every once in a while for my comforters.I went on a Saturday night (yes a Saturday night) so it wasn't busy at all.  The employee working there was pleasant and very helpful.  She helped me pick out the right size machine for my comforter (I didn't want to squish it in my machine at home - you can't get a good wash that way, plus you can ruin the machine!)  While I waited, I surfed the web using the free wifi.  My comforter came out pretty clean and the dryers dry fast like a NYC laundromat dryer, tee-hee.  I'll probably go back to wash my sleeping bag.
4	Incredibly affordable and SUPER FAST wash/fold drop off service. Better than I ever experienced in Nashville or Manhattan.
3	This  laundromat is the cleanest I've seen. Machines always work and I can always find a machine to use. However their drop off service is a different story. I had a bra ruined that looks like it went through the dryer which I asked not too. And even if it was the washer, if they clasped it together how you should wash bras then it wouldn't of been ruined. The staff was rude and immediately defensive when I walked in about it. I was given $40 less for my bra. Be advised, I wouldn't trust them with my clothes again. they are constantly on their phones or gossiping with friends who stop by or running after their kids. But I still go here because of the cleanliness of the store.
5	Great laundromat. Very clean. Efficient dryers and washers of all sizes. 5 TVs and free WiFi to kill time and a very friendly staff. You have to love the 'green' effort. I am not sure exactly how their machines compare to other laundry but they seem very efficient to me.It doesn't cost more - and in most cases less - than other laundromats.It almost makes me look forward to do laundry. Well, not really, but you get the idea...
5	If there were more stars, this place definitely deserves it! It is so clean and nice. You can tell the machines are top of the line and the store is kept clean at all times. There is an attendant there at all hours and if you have any questions, he or she is more then happy to help you. The best thing is you have an option for them to do your laundry through their Wash & Fold service. It only gets better, it only cost 99 cents per pound!! I, as a crazy busy college student don't have time to do my laundry, so I drop it off with the attendant there they then call when it's all done and finished! I have total trust with them and have NEVER had a problem with anything. This place is close to ASU campus and a great place to go if you need your laundry done!
5	This is my laundromat. There are plenty of machines, washers of all sizes. The staff is nice and helpful. There are always plenty of magazines and televisions are usually on cooking shows which I love haha. Their dryer prices are great. My favorite part.
5	Been coming here for about 3 years and its about time I say something about this establishment. First it's very hard to find a nice laundry mat and a clean to be exact. Most are dark, dirty and unstaffed, where this one is the opposite; bright as the sun, clean as the clothes it washes and someone is always here.              ( On numerous occasions I've actually witness the workers cleaning every part of the machines from ground up. ). They have plenty of machines, WiFi, a handful of plasma screens and some vending machines; if you forget your supplies at home. Parking is limited outside, so get here early or avoid Mondays and sundays (Those seem to be everyones laundry days) I've never done the Laundry service here but I do see alot of regulars dropping and picking up there clothes.Great place guys keep it up!
5	I've been using them for 9 months for wash/fold. The staff is amazing. They do all my weird requests and even help me get the laundry out to the car. Will miss this place.
5	Tina and her husband Goron run a very clean (my emphisys on clean) and tightrunning operation. I have a bad hip due to an operation and the staff has been extreemly helpfull. The machine are top notch and always in service (a tribute to Goron's maintenace skills). I would not hesitate in an instance to recommend this place to anyone.
5	When somebody writes about a laundromat and says, "I love this place" and "This is the Cadillac of laundromats", then that is the kind of laundromat for me!  My stupid washer decided to crap out on the Sunday between Black Friday and Cyber Monday, so by the time I bought a new washing machine I had to wait 10days to get my washer delivered!! Boo!  Of course I had been out of town three times in the last three weeks so I had a monstrous load of laundry and my dog was sick so I had some nasty smelling towels, so I decided I just needed to suck it up and venture to a laundromat.  After lots of Yelp searches, review reading and phone calls to laundromats I decided on Eco Laundry.  My research paid off!  Eco Laundry has lots of washers with multiple capacities:  1load washer- $1.252 load washer- $2.503 load washer- $3.755load washer- $4.506load washer- $6.00They are all arranged in a very organized fashion with large signs to help you find what you are looking for.  They also have two sizes of driers: Standard load dryer:  $0.25 for 8minutes I believe50lb load commercial drier: $0.50 for initial 4minutes and I think $0.25 for every additional 4 after it starts.Since I was making the trek to the laundromat, I decided to do my comforter and all my dog's blankets and stuff.  I had around 10-12 loads that I washed and dried for about $30 in 2hours!  Honestly the most pain in the butt part of it was unloading it and putting it all away when I made it home!As far as the interior goes it was as pleasant as a laundromat could be.  Brightly lit room with Flat screen TVs throughout, clocks on the walls, stocked up vending machine, soap machine, and coin dispenser.  Oh and FREE wifi!  The cleanliness was far superior than any other laundromat I have been in.  The bathroom is kept locked, which I assume is for cleanliness and anti-loitering reasons, but you can easily ask the attendant for the key. Speaking of the attendants, they have great customer service!  When I called and while I was there, the attendants were very informative and pleasant.  The clientele was a combo of college students, a few couples and some randoms doing larger household items like comforters.  I ended up meeting a very pleasant couple from NYC and we chatted while we handled our laundry.  All around I have absolutely no complaints.  If I ever need a laundromat  in the valley of the sun, Eco Laundry will forever be my spot!   Oh and make sure to bring cash!  All machines operate on quarters only.
5	What do I do when my two weeks old washer quits working, and the repair is not coming for two weeks!  Fellow reviewers are correct. This place is very clean and feel comfortable being here on early Saturday morning alone.  They have lots of machines available with different loads sizes. Definitely come back again if I need it!
1	Starting off by saying this place is expensive.  Yeah, having a bathroom with a hand dryer is a perk, I'll admit that, but paying for a wash that doesn't really rinse your laundry (very visible soap suds during rinse cycle) and dryers that are unable to dry a t shirt in 16 minutes when set on high heat is ridiculous.  Four dollars ($4.00+) to dry a coverlet?!  Place is clean, but it is expensive and inefficient.
5	This laundrymat is amazing. It is a cool and hip place to hangout while doing your laundry. What makes it so hip & cool is all the flatscreens on the wall. During College football season I like to go do my laundry and catch a game while waiting for my clothes to finish. The staff is friendly and very easy on the eyes (if you know what I mean). Flatscreens on the walls and friendly staff what more do you need? Oh...they also wash and fold your laundry 0.99 cents a pound, best deal in town if you ask me.
1	I'm never going back to this place ever again. i read the reviews on here and i must say I think they paid people for these reviews. I brought me cloths to the for dry cleaning and its been my worst experience ever in my like 25 years of living and i've never have had worst service. These people lost my cloths and ask me to come back in a couple of days while they find it. when i got my cloths back it looked like it had been sitting in the back of a trunk with a bunch of cloths on top of it, but it was suppose to be dry clean. all in all 2 of my shirts are ruined and i'll never use these people ever again. I highly recomend that everyone find a new Laundry mat
4	I love spending hours on laundry!Said no one ever. If I wasn't so cheap or paranoid about other people caring for my clothes, I'd have someone else do my laundry. But because no one can do my laundry like I can, I continue to do it begrudgingly but faster with the help of Eco Laundry. With a variety of washers (from 1-6 load capacities) and many of each kind, I can knock out a lot of laundry in probably less than half the time it'd take me to do it at home. I have a coin washer/dryer unit at my place, but what my residential laundry situation lacks in capacity and character, Eco Laundry makes up for it. I love to people watch and this place gets some characters, whether it's the couple having a domestic dispute over how much detergent to add to a load or the bro who arrives in his last clean pair of pants and no shirt. For the most part though everyone is courteous and respectful of each other's space and time. Eco offers laundry service at 99 cents per pound. The staff is helpful and seems to have a pretty good rapport with the regulars. There are vending machines for laundry soap, etc and another one for snacks. There's plenty of seating inside and out, but it can get crowded on the weekends. They could probably use more of the rolling laundry carts, but the staff does a pretty good job of rounding up all of the ones that aren't being used and putting them together so that others can grab from the supply. Overall major thumbs up to this place!
5	Always clean.  Staff is great and helpful.  Usually do my own laundry, but used the laundry sevice once, and they were prompt, and my laundry was nicely folded and waiting for me when I returned.  I love this laundry!
5	I've came here for a year now and have always found this place to be up to my standards. Clean, efficient, and friendly. Free wifi is a huge plus. Would recommend to anyone in the area needing a place to relax and do laundry.
5	I looked no further than Lisa E's review of this place and my mind was made up quite easily.  She was right.  You just can't control the clientele in a place like this, I mean most of us have access to do laundry in our own homes.  The signage was only slightly confusing as it was my first time in a laundromat in probably ten years... but one of the nice ladies showed me the ropes and I immediately dominated the row of washing machines that can handle SIX loads at a time.  Impressive.  It turned out, the nice lady who helped me (who at the time was doing her own laundry) actually worked there.  Not only that, she stayed late enough for me to finish drying my items before closing up shop.  She was quite helpful and deserves a raise.  My only feedback would be two things: 1) ATM - I had to run across the street to get more cash for quarters & 2)in regards to the a/c... with that many driers running, in the summer, in Arizona, and surrounded by that many mouth breathers, yeah, that could use some looking into.  If I had to guess what the temperature was inside (in addition to being quite muggy) I'd say it was easily in the high 80's to low 90's.  Sadly, the only employee who was working did not have access to change the temp - which I found quite strange.  Regardless, this place is legit and as Lisa said, totally the Cadillac of laundromats!
5	I've been using this facility for a few years - great to wash comforters, sleeping bags and anything huge. Free Wi Fi, Television and across the street from Safeway and some fast food restaurants.The place is clean, the staff is friendly and the machines are modern. You need to bring cash or quarters for the machines; for the laundry/dry cleaning services they offer - they accept credit cards. Solid 5 stars!
5	Initially I didn't go here because they do not dry clean comforters for some reason. But, I ended up going to do laundry and it was great. I have 1 washer and 1 dryer in my complex but I still prefer to make the drive here. I can get 3 loads of laundry done in about an hour and a half. They have a coin machine for change which is really great because I never have quarters on me.
1	I WAS ACCOSTED BY THE OWNER OF ECOLAUNDY FOR BRINGING MY SERVICE DOG WITH ME.  Anyone with PTSD probably realises that it caused a catastrophic response for me. We have used Ecolaundry for 3 1/2 years.  I got a service animal approximately 3 months ago and have been taking her with me when we do laundry.  There has never been a problem with anyone.  The owner has seen her and nevaer said anything.We had already done our weekly laundry but our apartment flooded with the last monsoon and we had to wash all of our clothes.  The owner approached me and said I was not allowed to bring my dog in.  I tried to explain that she was a service animal but she ignored me.  She said it was clearly posted on the door.  I offered to show her my paperwork and was ignored again.   She said that customers have been complainging and that she has to put up with their complainging,  but that she didn't want to hear complaints about my dog.  She told me that seeing my service dog made other people want to bring their dogs.  We usually go right when they open and hardly anyone is there.  When she finally stopped to catch her breath, it gave me a chance to speak.  I told her again that my dog was a service animal and that I had documentation.   She told me I didn't have her dressed like a service animal.   I tried to explain that it was 107 degrees and that the vest was hot.  She began again saying that she didn't want to hear any complaints from anyone about my dog because she had to hear enough complaining from everyone..I take it that she doesn't know the laws regarding service animals.  I know of one other patron that takes his dog to the laundry and his dog doesn't wear a vest.
4	Sometimes life throws you a curve ball and you have to go outside of your normal routine to get things done and that's what happened with me. I had to go to the laundry mat, I haven't been to one in years let alone where to find one, I checked out the handy Yelp app and found Eco Laundry and saw a few friends of mine have been there too, so it can't be all that bad right?I went around 7pm on a Sunday night, the place was semi busy, but there were plenty of machines and even an onsite attendant. The place was spotless too, overall not bad, even if you are doing a chore. Free Wi-Fi, TVs and vending machines you can get water, soda or snacks from as well.They have washer machines that can do one load all the way up to 6 loads at one time. Even a service that will wash, dry and fold your stuff for 99cents a pound or piece, I don't recall, but if you don't want to do the work, they can for you. This was a decent place, if I need a laundry mat or if someone ask for a referral on one, you betcha I'll send them to this location.
1	We were flooded and had to wash lots of items. It costed us about 49.00 dollars in 2 days wash. We had been going there consistently for 3 years. The owner came over and told that she was getting lots if complaints about our small service animal. Let tell all our little lady did was sit on her pilliw. The other patrons wanted to bring their dogs.  When we offered to show the papers the owner ignored. We continued to come even if the dryers didn't dry quickly.   We  came in weekly for 3 years and she never say hello or thank you for coming.  Why this time would she take the time to embrace us in front of the other people.   I wouldn't recommend this placed it's not friendly and you don't feel welcone. By the way it is illegal to question a person's special needs.
5	Great service, clean and friendly. They were able to get a rush order of wash and fold done for me, and delievered on time. Will definitely be back!
4	Nice clean place to wash but not enough parking. Otherwise I would give it 5 stars. There are people here to help with the machines and keep the place nice. Tvs and wifi available here. I come here all the time to wash and so far haven't had a bad experience. I'll keep coming here until I get my own W&D.
