5	When you need a tool for installing solar panels, this sears is pretty good. The staff are helpful and friendly and the tool department is HUGE... compared the ones we have here. They had a great selection and we spent over 500$ on stuff..
3	I've been going into this Sears off and on since Fiesta Shopping Center was built.  Recently my middle daughter and I stopped in to check out their selection of Carpet Cleaners.  I had bought my vaccum from Sears in San Diego a few years ago and have been VERY happy with it.  I hoped I might have good luck with the Carpet Cleaner also.  Not so.  We did see one we might have liked but the price was pretty high.  When a salesman approached us we asked a couple of questions and like a magician, he pulled the price sign out of the holder revealing another lower price.  When we still weren't impresssed, he said "Let me go see what the sale price is", came back and WHOOSH! out came another sign at a lower price still.  Wow.  None of the prices could compete with Target, Walmart or Home Depot though, so we thanked him for his time and left.  On the way out, I stopped to check the coffee makers, didn't find one like I was looking for, but spotted a pretty lavender (what else?) travel coffee mug that was about the same size and shape as the cheapy ones I use at home from the 99 cent store (not lavender) and it was on sale so I splurged and bought it.  THEN I left happy.
5	Went T.V shopping here and had a great experience. Lady that helped us was very helpful. Answered all questions we had to help us make the best decision and did not feel pressured at all by her. Ended up with a 60 in flat screen and are very happy with it. Applied for a line of credit with them. Nice options as well to pay your bill with them, online over the phone(is a fee) or directly in any store which is awesome! I'm all about convenience.  They do also do deliveries for you or you can take home the same day as well. Rule of thumb: if you can make it fit in your car/truck you can take it the same day or else you will have to do delivery.Will def be back for more home supplies. Sears to me is more of a home place cannot tell you much about the clothes and all that, but for appliances and such i highly recommend.
4	I have to say I have not been to a Sears in a very long time.However, this one has been here for a long time and it is not too bad actually.My boyfriend buys tools and other things that he needs from Sears. They carry a lot of items that he needs. So they are very good with that. They do have a really good return policy and you have to love that if you get something you really cannot use.I myself went in to the Watch repair Dept. I got a new battery for my watch. They changed the battery and give you a one year guarantee on the battery.Which is great for me because, I use a lot of batteries on watches.They also give you a punch card so that for every 3 batteries you get, the fourth is free.
4	This seems to be the only Sears in the valley that doesnt seem like its gone downhill, given which mall it's attached to that very surprising.Weve always been able to find what we need quickly at this location, w/ little help. It's cleaner than most and is uncluttered.Pretty much, this is "our" Sears.
2	this is actually about the service advisor telephone call I just had..... I bought a new washing machine in January and due to my own fault, I had a load get very unbalanced.  Ever since then, the machine is EXTREMELY noisy in the spin cycle so I called to schedule a service technician to come have a look at my new machine.  After being on hold for 10 minutes, I get some guy going through the scripted stuff and he asks the problem.  I describe it and then he proceeds to tell me how to troubleshoot the dishwasher.  Ok.  Not the dishwasher I'm talking about.He then is quiet for a good three or four minutes and comes back to tell me he can't find anything in his manual for the washing machine issue.Yea.  I know.  Please schedule the technician.He then wants to talk about other home service warranties I can buy and nope, I just want to schedule the technician.  He needs a zillion other questions answerd and finally, a month from today, I get to have a technician sent to the house.More questions, more stuff to try to sell me and really, I hung up because this is already 30 minutes into just trying to set an appointment for somebody to come look at my machine.
4	Good deals considering they are going out of business. Everything in the store is on sale. The layout is kind of odd, but they have anything from clothing, to electronics, to mattresses. Worth checking out before they actually close.
1	I ordered an appliance package,  frig, micro, dishwasher and range online.  I went to the store the following day to see what I had ordered.  I ended up canceling my online order and ordered the appliance package in store.  I had paid for the online order.  It took 3 weeks and 50 minutes on the phone to get my refund.  REALLY!   On the day of delivery,  they called at 7 am and told me that the range would be delivered at a later date!  REALLY  They don't install on the same day!  REALLYI have been on the phone talking with someone in a foreign country......REALLYI am so done with Sears,  the management in place SUCKS REALLY,  I will say a silent cheer when they go out of business  REALLY  too bad for the hard workers but the management in place should be fired  REALLY  I could do a better job.......REALLY
