4	Standard variety huge burrito joint in the vein of Moe's and Chipotle.  I like this one quite a bit.  Favorites include: Ancho Chili burrito, Poblano Pesto burrito, and the steak tacos.  Nice outdoor seating and a great place to take kids.
3	They load you up with food here, it's a buffet of beans, cheeses, and salsa.  I still prefer Chipotle, but they do have good Mexican beers here and that is always a great treat at lunch.  I can really never finish my platter in a single setting, so I save it for a midnight snack.  I have noticed that the food gets a little soggy later, but that is expected in a Tex-Mex dish.  I thought their guacamole tasted extra fresh and delicious, but overall it wasn't anything out of the ordinary.  Good place for a quick lunch on the run.
4	Ate here today for lunch.  Beautiful area. Food is just as good as Chipolte (which I favor). Had a steak burrito with torstitos and hot sauce.
2	Though we love Qdoba in general, this location specifically left me unimpressed.The young lady who fixed our food skimped on everything. And then she managed to APPEAR to scan my Frequent Eater card without actually doing so.The points never appeared on my card. My bad that I couldn't find my darned receipt later, to prove to corporate that we'd actually eaten there.No worries though because this location is totally out of our radius. We were only there that day because our daughter had an activity in the area and we love Qdoba.The free concert in the square and the ice cream from the shop close to the parking lot totally made up for it.Mid July visit...
3	While I would prefer to go to Chipotle, those are all outside of the "Ballantyne bubble"... so when I am working and want to grab a quick burrito, I'll head over to the Qdoba at Stonecrest.  This location is generally a lot busier than the Qdoba at the Arborteum, but the food quality is about the same. My favorite menu item here is the poblano pesto burrito w/chicken.  I think the food here is better quality than Moe's at Ballantyne Village.
3	Qdoba--fresh Mexican fast. Great concept, midding to good execution. Walking in, you notice the almost relaxing colors, good atmosphere, and usually a long line to order. Located right near the fountain in Stonecrest, it's a superb location. I've tried both the salad and nachos here. The salad was okay, but they drenched it in beans. Beans, beans, beans! Too many beans! Ugh, kind of ruined it for me. I really enjoyed it when I had it in New York. The nachos were pretty good, although there needed to be more chips for the amount of food they put on the plate.Overall, it's A-OK, not great, but not bad. I would definitely make this a monthly stop for lunch.
4	On the way to dinner last night, my boyfriend and I ran into an old friend. We told him we were going out to eat and he said we should get burritos. My boyfriend was all over this idea and suggested we go to Qdoba at Stonecrest. Wow! Where have I been? I havent been to Qdoba since high school and I have no idea why!We ordered our burritos... The line was a little slow but nothing major.... And then saw their $1 beer promo! Um yes please. We got a couple beers with our burritos and sat by the windows. 2 burritos and 4 beers only came to $20! Not too shabby.It was so nice to have a great priced beer with a huge delicious burrito in a cool & comfortable atmosphere! Thanks Qdoba!We will be back very soon!!! Definitely a fan! :) :)
4	The Qdoba at StoneCrest is somewhat better than the average Qdobas in the Charlotte area.  The store clean and the service is generally nice.  Food portions varies at times from satisfying amounts to obvious skimping (just ask for a little more if this happens).  The food quality seems better, compared to other Qdobas in the area.  I typically order a burrito (either beef or pork), in which sometimes it rips apart; so have chips ready (if ordered the combo) for possible clean-up. Their tacos are overpriced for what you get, skip'em.This location accepts the local "Ballantyne Card," which gives 20% off from 11am-3pm (Monday-Friday); this is much better than adding points on the Qdoba Card.
5	Always a friendly staff and the food tastes great. Always fresh every time we come here. Nice outside seating area
4	Stopped in with my dad after a lunch time matinee at the movies - he is a big fan of their cheese quesadillas, so we went at his suggestion.First of all... I live near Stonecrest and frequent it often, but for the life of me, I could not find this place.  I had the address thanks to my phone, but the buildings are not marked very well.  I assumed it was near the chunk of restaurants but you cannot see if from driving through the parking lot (you can see if from Rea Rd, but generally I am trying to merge into the turn lane while dodging tiny soccer mom's in giant SUV's who are battling their ill-mannered children while trying to maintain their lane).  This Qdoba is in the same building as JoJo's and Miro's, but it is on the Rea Rd side.  Parking can be a bit of a pain during peak hours on busy weekends, but you'll find a spot.  Staff was nice and expedient.  The restaurant was quite clean with seating inside, as well as outside around the fountain or in the quieter courtyard area.  We ordered our quesadillas, got our drinks and were seated.  Shortly after we received our quesadillas which were hot and oozing with cheese.   Served with sour cream and salsa (I believe... I may have requested both, but I honestly don't remember).  The meal was quite good and reasonably priced.  Dad was happy, which makes me happy, so Qdoba gets a thumbs up!
4	Qdoba is probably my favorite fast food Mexican place in Charlotte. The two things I base my favorites on are the chips which need to be sliced thinly and have just the right amount of salt and the queso. All good here. I also really like their taco salads and burritos. Overall, great place.
4	friendly staff!
3	Time to update after coming on Tuesdays for a couple months.  First, if you come for lunch hit this place early.  We usually get here around 11:30 and there is no line and plenty of tables, by noon the place is generally packed.  Also while it doesn't happen every time there usually is quite a few kids running around while the parents couldn't care less.The menu is more or less what you'd expect; tacos, burritos and nachos with a subway style setting for picking ingredients.  Everything I've tried has been pretty good; only complaints is that they leave the fat on the chicken, sodium levels are pretty high and they don't have cucumber like Moes.  If you have a Ballantyne Corporate card you also get a discount, a burrito bowl and drink with discount comes up to $6.99 which is pretty good for the area.General cleanliness is pretty good, haven't seen the bathrooms but I do always see someone walking around cleaning tables and taking care of people's trash.   The music selection is also always changing, one day it'll be all Spanish music and the next some sort of indie hipster stuff.  The only constant is that it is always too loud.
3	It seems like every time I turn around at Stonecrest, there is another place that I haven't eaten. Maybe they just keep closing and opening in the same location and I can't remember. Or maybe after turning around so many times I'm dizzy and can't recall. I really don't know - sometimes I feel like there are corners of this center where I get lost.Whatever the case, this time, we stopped at Qdoba because we didn't recall eating there, and felt like something a little different. Of course, it's different for Stonecrest options, since we couldn't recall eating there, but it's just like every other Qdoba. Nothing much special about it.Shuffle in as the line gets long at times, stare at the menu and try to figure out what you want, look over the glass and determine what you want on the burrito (or whatever option you prefer). Pay.What I really don't get - while I appreciate the counter and all - is why can't they make it so you can see what's happening back there a little better? I don't want to sneeze in the beans or anything, but I'm a tall person, and there are times I can't figure out what I want on my quesadilla. Plus, I like to watch. Er, look.Think Subway - I want to see what's going on. I like that the lids keep it warm and all, but No sense putting it out in front if you can't see what's going on you know. Give me a little more room is all.The good thing is that service is generally nice enough - except they keep hiding something behind those lids. I'll figure it out one day.
2	We went in to Qdoba for lunch. I normally love this sort of food but this time the food was disgusting and the bathrooms were comparable to a frat house-just plain filthy.            The entire restaurant had flies everywhere. (Fix the gaping hole in the door) The food was gross, the chips over salted, and I had two people talking to me at once during the assembly line.       The chicken in my child's taco looked like tofu chunks. There was no manager in site-just children slopping up the food in the assembly line.  Overall I just could not get over how many flies there were and how it just seemed to be a regular thing as no one cared they were around the food.  If I had more free time I would have called the health department.
1	This location changed their prices without notice, $1 tacos are now $1.29 and they don't take the Ballantyne Corporate card anymore for a discount on regular priced entrees.  When asked the cashier didn't have a good answer, basically just deal with it.With these changes the price for value ratio is way off, this is my last visit.
2	The food here is just ok, but the prices for whatever reason never seem to be the same, I came in yesterday just wanting something different so I ordered the nachos and a drink, bill was over 10.00 are you serious!!!!, better places around there for less money
