4	Great food and great service. We went on a Saturday night, which should have been quite busy but, surprisingly, it was not.  It's on the second floor with an outdoor balcony where you can sit and watch all the goings on on busy Rue St Catherine.  We were greeted warmly and seated immediately.  The food was actually reasonably priced and so was the wine!  I quite enjoyed it and we topped it off with one of their great tasting HUGE slices of cake.  Anyway, I highly recommend this place and next time I'm in Montreal, I'll be happy to go there again.
2	We went to the 3563 Saint-Laurent location and had a miserable dinner/time. The review gets 2 stars for the waitress, who was awesome, that is the only good thing this place has going for it!! 1.) The escargot came out almost cold, everyone knows that escargot is to be served hot. 2.) It took forever to get the bread, which should have been automatic, the service overall was very slow. 3.) The music was a bit loud, but it was ok, tolerable, we could still hear each other, and then the "MOD", aka "the owner's daughter" came in, apparently heard her jam by Britney Spears and decided to crank it up. We decided that it's better to freeze outside, than go deaf listening to Britney inside. We already ordered out food, so we felt bad leaving right then, and decided to stay. 4.) After waiting about an hour (no exaggeration) for our food, we "dared" ask the manager if they were understaffed that night, since we saw our waitress running around and apparently prepairing some food in the kitchen as well (she was warming up our bread earlier), and overheard the hostess saying so to another table, and got a response,"Noooo!" Packaged up with an eye roll and some attitude on the side. Are you kidding me?!!!! Is this the kind of service a restaurant provides? Is this how customers get treated?!! Nobody talks to me like that, especially in a place where I am a paying customer! Shocked and appalled we were! Shocked and appalled, I tell you!!! Thankfully our waitress knew how to calm us down, and get the situation under control, b/c I was about to slap the bitch! To cut the story short, when the food arrived it was gross, I hated mine, and my companion got sick from his. I couldn't resist but tell the waitress that she is too good for this place, and that she should leave. I don't know how other locations are, but the St.-Laurent location is plane HORRIBLE, DISGUSTING, DISAPPOINTING, and SUCKS ASS!!!!!!!!!
1	I went there on a Thursday morning and found the service very poor.  Our waiter seemed half-asleep, and he was the only one on staff (granted, the place was empty - we were the only ones there for about 20 minutes).  I don't believe he spoke English or French very well.  The food took quite a while and when it came it was very mediocre.   The bill for two people was relatively high ($35) for breakfast and the food was just not worth it.  I would not recommend.
