3	Cheapest place in the food court. You get more food for your $ than anywhere here and its pretty good. Panda Express $10-12 with drinkOther Chinese place across the way $9-10 with drinkNathans - $11-$15 Johnny Rockets - $10+Shake N'Burger - Double Bacon cheeseburger + A ton of fries (Seriously, practically 2-3 orders worth of fries) + drink = $8Add a really good Sunday for 0.99. You can get the chicken sandwich instead for the same price. If you're on a budget, then this is the place to get your food.
4	I agree with Howard T.  I thought I was duped into getting in line for this place since they had no line at all.  After I got my food & finished it, I knew I made the right choice.  I had the #1 combo, which is the double bacon cheeseburger combo for $7.25.  The burger alone would have filled you up so the fries just push you over the edge for gluttony.  They give you a ton of fries.  Well, they gave me a ton of fries.  It truly is 2-3 times the size of a regular portion.  Though very greasy, I found it a better deal than the rest of the food places over there.
3	Oh man, after eating so much either in my suite or at the Grand Lux Cafe, I need to give a wallet a rest. Like many of my fellow Yelpers, it is definitely the cheapest place to eat. It is located in the food court on the second floor.I got the #5 Philly Cheesesteak with fries ($8.25) with a vanilla shake instead of a drink .(0.75 cents extra). With tax, it came to $9.70. The female server was very friendly since she was Filipino..lol.. Not sure on other people's orders, but my order was made on the spot. So, I waited about 10-15 min for my order.I took it to my suite instead of eating on the Food Court. The Cheesesteak was still hot and cheese drooping like crazy. The french fries was pretty standard and the shake was pretty hard. Either I got the wrong straw or the shake was very hard. It was good and definitely the better of the other food court stores (Even though I haven't tried it).Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
4	Great Fast Food!!!Shake N' Burger has on the best double cheese burgers(fast food) in Vegas and its on $3.00 ( burger only). I would put this up against In and Out and Carl's Jrs.  Kind of taste like old fashion Tastee Freez burgers..You will be surprised by the price and taste of the burgers.  I wish they had more locations.  **A must try if on a budget!!
2	Nothing special here. Meals are average price for a mall.
4	Meandering the perma-dawn of the Venetian's Grand Canal Shoppes, the neon glare of the generic mall food court seemed the only hope for an under $10 lunch. At Shake n' Burger, the ever-familiar frozen garden burger patty is adorned with a (slightly bitter) avocado spread, button mushrooms, lettuce and tomato... a mediocre meal at best. But the fact that it costs less then $4 makes me feel like I'm cheating Vegas!The heavily season salted fries are classic "white-man's crack,"so don't plan on sharing them, you'll want your own!
3	This is a perfectly reasonable place to go to get a quick bite.  I had the egg croissant, about 5 bucks, came with egg and a big piece of ham.  It isn't the best food but it is filling and less expensive compared to other options in the Venetian.   Service was quick and friendly.
3	Not too bad. This is one of several establishments in the food court that sells burgers. I wanted to try Johnny Rocket's, but then I remembered I could just try it back in LA, so I decided to try Shake N Burger. I had the bacon cheeseburger combo with a peanut butter shake. Though it's your standard burger and fries, you get what you paid for, and the shake was surprisingly good. Even better, I was allowed to pig out on my burger poolside!
4	Stayed at the Venetian from September 12-17 and this was by far my favorite of the spots I ate at during my stay . It's cheap compared to 95% of other places on the Strip. Only thing cheaper are the $1.99 foot longs at Casino Royale. Best things at Shake N' Burger are its fries which are basically starchy fried crack with minimal, if any, salt on them. But the thing that surprised me most was their veggie burger. at $3.95 it's a steal. And it's mighty tasty as well with the mushrooms and spread they put on it. You can even pretend you're eating healthy whenever you order one while in the middle of an alcohol fueled excursion around the casino and Strip. Forget In N' Out Burger. Shake  N' Burger is the fast food joint worthy of your attention. Only reason it's not a 5 is because there aren't more of them.
1	eggs are whack and overwatery and hash browns like McDonald's I won't be back
2	You suck. I ask you if I should order the burger, patty melt or hot dog and you said go with the patty melt.It was dry, full of onions and lacked taste. The only reason you didn't get one star is because at least it was cheap.
2	Didn't love it, and I expected a better burger for the price I paid.Pros:- presentation was superb. It looked very palatable (until I bit into it)- hearty portionsCons:- very heavily seasoned and salted- the patty itself was not very moist, just felt like grease was manually slathered on top of it- the price made me expect something a little better- my fries were inconsistent... some were very salty and some were not seasoned. I even had a few soggy fries that tasted uncooked to me. :(
3	Classic menu  breakfast, burgers, hot dogs, etc.Burger combo was good.  Burger was standard fare with lettuce tomato.onion pickles and cheese.  Fries are frozen but fried when ordered and are crisply, not soggy  The shake is a disappointment  too thick to drink thru a straw, more ice cream than a shake (think frostee).Overall,.three stars.
1	I always hate leaving these reviews because I understand working in customer service and in the food industry but, sometimes, these things must be said.This place is horrible. I don't know if they're just understaffed today but the woman working the counter (and there is only one) - Sandra - appears to be having a rough day.  The burger was "okay," pretty standard fast food burger. The fries are atrocious. The milkshake is too think to drink through a straw, too think to be called a milkshake, really.There was an issue with my wife's order and when she took it to the counter to address the issue, she had to stand and wait for an extended amount of time while Sandra worked on the order for a single person. Once she got the opportunity to voice her complaint it was met with a sigh and eye rolling, after which she was told she was wrong regardless of what the picture of the item ordered shows. After that, she wasn't even offered something else.All in all, a terrible experience. I would never recommend this place, nor will we ever try it again.
1	Shake was not anywhere near las Vegas quality. The flavor was boring. The only thing not outrageous was the price. But the flavor was dull and lifeless. I only had a shake but will not be back for the rest.
