4	"This girl's here to say.. with some luck and love life's gonna be so sweeeeeeeeeet!".. I was actually surprised.. based on the name you'd think some big haired red head would scream out "Kiss my grits!" at anytime. Not at all! Its actually kind of romantic in there sans the dead animal head on the wall. Its cozy and a great place to have a cup of coffee and a sweet snack.They make desserts like your mom would have made.. cookies, brownies and fridge pies.  Ah, I forgot, they don't use those click click turbo-spresso machines here.. each pulled espresso shot is hand packed and is very potent. If it were closer to me in Scottsdale I think me and the Mr would hang here all the time.. but its "country, when country wasn't cool!"
4	Great sandwiches. Ample seating! Love to sit on the back patio surrounded by exotic flowers.I love the caramel macchiato. They make their own caramel and it is divine.Located at the Northwest corner of Ray & Higley at Agritopia, just off the 202.
4	I really like the breakfast items and the hot chocolate is good too.  The atmosphere is intimat and much like a coffee house.  The MOMS group meets there, so they could use more high chairs and a kids menu.
5	Probably my overall favorite coffee shop in the Valley.  Wonderful atmosphere in an inside cafe, inside lounge, and outside patio.  Amazing homemade muffins, scones, cookies, pies, and sandwiches.  Wonderful owners and employees.  Great coffee from the serious (they have a cubano actually written on the menu!) to the crazy, fluffy, lattes and mocha combinations.Great for a quick snack, or lingering to chat or surf the web on the free WiFi.  Located NW of Higley and Ray, behind Joe's Farm Grill.
5	Simply put, it's the best independent coffee shop in the Valley. The atmosphere, especially on the outside patio is like stepping into another part of the country. They have flowers, upon flowers, upon flowers!  It's wonderful getting to sip coffee in what feels like your own private rose garden, while falling back into comfy patio furniture. All of this while looking out onto the organic farm in Agritopia. It definitely doesn't feel like Arizona. I absolutely love how they've decorated the place. It's 50's retro mixed with modern design, all with a bit of country charm.The espresso drinks are excellent and their baked goods are to die for! The staff is always friendly and helpful. One thing I really enjoy is the gigantic wooden table that seats 8. It's nice to sprawl out when studying, reading the paper, or just when you have a large group with you.
5	The Coffee Shop is my favorite coffee shop in the valley, though I more often go to Coffee Rush.  There's now a plant nursery happening on the outdoor patio, which has been modestly expanded to include more seats among the plants in partial shade.  Excellent no-hassle wifi.  The Caramel Deluxe is delicious hot and iced.
4	Organic, locally-grown splendor with flavorful escapades through traditional fare.This haven, amidst tree-lined streets and hand-tended floral gardens, is a weekend oasis. I chuckle at the pets and kids who wander in with their owners. My "next time" for the staff is making sure to grab the right order from the kitchen before plating it in the dining area . . . but they are eager to serve.My absolute favorite menu item is the open-faced omelette: a foundation of three fluffy eggs, strategically covered with pan potatoes, tomatoes, scallions, mushrooms, sour cream, feta and bacon. It's a mountain of morning goodness, so be prepared to walk (or roll) around the grounds afterward. I pair it with a steaming herbal tea or, on guilty pleasure day, a mocha latte.Oh, and certainly make time for the farmers' market next door. Why not take home a little natural nosh for later?
5	this place is just amazing! the owners are sweet and always remember our order. as someone from seattle, i'm thankful to have found a place with character and community that i can make a part of my daily rounds. i have yet to be disappointed.  top notch items to order: san diegancalifornia clublemon whoopiethey have great wi-fi, cozy leather couch and oversized chairs plus a dreamland garden in the back to hang out in. to top off the experience, their playlists are always impressive set with death cab, minus the bear, and the like.
5	This is my local coffee shop but not just for the coffee. They make great cup cakes & the breakfast is simple but awesome. Plus they have free wifi!  Small town meets big city with a laid back family feel very cool.
4	this place is awesome! i had a hard time finding this place due to the trees covering its entrance, but it was worth it! the service was friendly. they had free wifi, but they have very limited outlets for laptop chargers. you can also sit outside and enjoy the quiet evening or inside where comfy chairs are provided for your pleasure. it's great for meeting with friends or a study session with your group. it got kinda hot in there which was the downside to my visit, but other than that it was a memorable experience.
4	A well balanced coffee shop, with good drinks, amazing pastries, local community, and hidden surprises.It's built in an old tractor shed, located on at Agritopia, an urban farm and neighborhood. During the day, you'll find plenty of moms with their kids, a few coworkers with their laptops, and one or two of the hard-to-find Gilbert hipsters.Oh and did I mention surprises? Keep an eye out of mahi mahi fish tacos, Coffee and Cigarettes cupcakes, and a local cigar group on Friday nights.Other notes: Beware laptop users, limited power outlets; Vespa/scooter owners, there's a reserved parking spot for you; Produce stand (seasonal) is across the way
4	*note, sleepless night, just finished my first pot of coffee, so this review might suck*Hard to find, no sign visible from the street, most people rush past ignorant of it's existence...Even my Sons family who had lived here a year before us had never been there, and he married a coffee person.Welcome to my "Third Place" I make a fine "cuppa" at home, but a day I don't stop by here is a day that I feel a lack in my life. By far, my favorite coffee house in years, and here it is in Gilbert Az? Really? Here? Thank you Starbucks, for convincing the Masses that paying more than a quarter for a cup of Joe was acceptable, even mainstream! Lovely space, well decorated, by a person with taste, flair and fun, NOT by a committee or a panel or by customer survey. , lots of wood, with a sitting room in the back for your lazy hanging out needs. Ratty recliners? Not here, Nice... VERY nice leather chairs and sofa with driftwood tables scattered about. Nice artwork on the walls, mixing family photo's, nature photography with understated rock and Roll pictures. (having a pic of Jim Morrisons grave is cool, having a UNPRETENTOUS picture of Jim Morrison's grave is worth a star of its own, there is a fare farmers market out front, but for myself, I like to park in the rear and walk through the garden and patio... It's a oasis amidst the sprawl, the explosion of colors and aromas are a extra treat that shouldnt be missed.This family understands that the atmosphere, the music, the creation and integration into the lifeblood of the community is what makes a coffeehouse so effen awesome.and effen awesome it is! And probably most importantly... full of the exact friendly faces you need when getting your java on. Homemade sugar goodness is available. It's the sort of thing that one dreams coming from your own kitchen, but with a tad more color and odd combinations (Coffee and Cigarettes cupcakes anyone?), to intice you in. Displayed in the front case, drawing you in like a moth to a flame,  like Teri Garr in Young Frankenstein... wholesome goodness you want to introduce your Mom to, yet you know it's soooo bad for you... It's gonna kill you, but your urges make it impossible to say no.*ahem*Did I mention awesome cupcakes?Oh, I guess I just did.The "real" food is quite wonderful as well, and worth the trip on its own, you simply cant go wrong, the open face omelet is magnificent, sandwiches quiche, burrito's etc, all normal food, but with a flair and style that make every bite full of extra-awesome.One downside... success.Alas, they were discovered and won a much deserved "Best Of" award for Phoenix, since then they have had to hire more  people and the family has had to move into the kitchen to keep up. The service has not diminished, the only downturn is has been in my beloved coffee. they still remember my families order, but sometimes its not as good as it was, and I view that more as a sign of how much they spoiled me before than anything else. Business is booming, and they couldn't keep up so they had to hire. It's normal that new people need to be trained, and that any amount of training will not equal years of experience.As other coffeehouses fight and cut corners in these tough times, it says a lot that The Coffee Shop is growing and healthy. Still, with that all said, this is my favorite coffeehouse in years, This is a perfect companion to Joes Farm Grill next door. (many reviews on Yelp and elsewhere) Together, they are reason for my Bride and I to want to move to the Agritopia subdivision they are a part of, just to be able to walk there in the morning, along the tree lined streets (rare around here in a work of cactus and ... dirt)
5	fantastic service, fantastic atmosphere, fantastic espresso.  plus they offer free wifi, woot!i love it there.i will say the website could be more user friendly, and perhaps a street sign would be helpful?  hard to find for a newcomer.  once you discover the place though, you're hooked.  :)
4	Tucked away in Agritopia, The Coffee Shop can be hard to find. Maybe that's a good thing.I found The Coffee Shop because I like the restaurant next door -  Joe's Farm Grill. And when I found out it had free wifi, it quickly became my office away from home (of note, as appears to be typical everywhere else, there can be a shortage of electrical outlets at peak hours. Just club someone over the head and take theirs. A more sophisticated approach may be to hand them a five, tell them to go buy one of the DELIGHTFUL pastries and take their plug while they are at the counter).The coffee is great, the pastries are to die for and the patio / garden area makes you say, "Toto, we're not at Starbucks anymore".
3	Adorable little spot, but was slightly disappointed in a few aspects.Overall, It comes highly recommended, however I didn't notice the staff to be particularly friendly and the vegetarian options were almost non-existent. I ended up with a pretty expensive veggie sandwich that was nothing to write home about.The atmosphere made up for it and the music was pretty decent!
5	Awesome patio (and super cool indoor seating) for enjoying a coffee with a yummy pastry.
5	AMAZING!I had no idea this even existed. What rock was I living under when I lived in Phoenix for 3 years? I mean, MY GAWD! This place is super cool. From the concept and vibe to the menu and coffee.... wowza. I was so impressed with this place, I could not be happier. Their coffee is divine. The veggie egg scrambler I had was beyond spectacular. And just sitting inside, chilling on a summer morning, you felt like you hadn't a care in the world. It was so inviting, with open windows overlooking Agritopia. I was thrilled when my friend took me here. I can't rave about this place enough. Oh, except, where was the recycle bins? That's the only thing this place is lacking.
4	Oh I wish that this place was closer into town ...and even dare I dream in North Phoenix...Joe has a fun style that I really relate too. His coffee shop has many elements that I can't resist ..coffee drinks, great baked goodies , fun vintage feeling decor and a " farm stand" out front. Unfortunately the only time I get to stop by here is on my ventures to The Pork Shop ..
5	What we have here is a fantastic uber chic coffee shop ripped right out a SoHo corner and slapped in a contemporary farm setting. The Coffee Shop offers a rapture of stupendous desserts and a massive menu of blissful coffee/ espresso drinks. The atmosphere and decor is smart and happening yet still keeping to its roots with exposed articles of the previous structure. I love love the ultra glamorous Jessica, all of that Chanel!
4	very nice setting, right next door to Joe's Farm Grill (previously reviewed and raved about). Friendly, cozy and crowded. Great, huge sandwiches and good coffee. I am picky about coffee though. A lot of places have coffee that tastes good but for some reason makes me very thirsty. Such was the case here, but it was ok. The absolute standout for me was the peanut butter scone. Never had one, or even heard of one before. It lived up to my hopes and I enjoyed every moment I spent eating it. Added bonus, the fresh dates were out at the farm stand. However, the plastic thing on the wall that was supposed to hold the cash for the honor system was empty of envelopes. I asked at the coffee shop but they didn't know. Said it was a different place. Well, ok, I went back. Stuck my money in the plastic thing. Figured even if someone else took it at least I did my part. It wouldn't be on my conscience. Had to have those dates. All of Joe's stuff - you're great - I hope you stay in business forever! or at least a really, really long time!
5	This place is a gem, and their pristine outside patio is perfect for morning lattes when there is a scent of chill in the air.The wife and I popped in based on an article she had seen.  I know the following statement has no business being in a business review, but the cashier had the bluest eyes I've ever seen, and it took everything in me to refrain from asking if they were real.The Lemon Whoopi was a great little cream-filled, sponge cake cookie.  But the real shining star was the Cinnamon Cupcake.  Amazing concentrations of cinnamon sugar were dispersed throughout the cupcake, delighting me bite after bite.  The frosting was creamy, with a little crust of sugar, adding to the consistency.  It was simply wonderful.I simply must try to recreate this award winning pastry.  So Joe, if you're reading this, we can do it the easy way, or the hard way.  You could bestow the recipe for this little treasure, and I could sign an NDA, and it would be our little secret.  OR... I could assemble the greatest axis of cupcake aficionados this side of... um, a place that would be notorious for cupcakes?  Then, after purchasing hundreds of these treats, and returning most of them to my team for careful analysis, could come up with the same recipe.The ball is in your court Joe, but be forewarned: I wont wait forever before soliciting my hench-women.PS: Applications now being accepted for cupcake hench-women.
4	So many things are done right at this great little shop. The atmosphere is inviting, the baked goods are amazing and their meals are delicious. The sad irony about The Coffee Shop is they do everything right except for the coffee. It's awful and has been consistently awful through all my visits.There is a marked difference between a cup from Liberty Market, one of Joe's other fantastic ventures, and The Coffee Shop and I don't understand why.Don't get me wrong though, The Coffee Shop is really more of an experience or an ideal. They've done a fantastic job creating an environment that is comfortable, relaxing and fun. The kind of place where you can hang out with a group of friends and never notice the hours slip by. It's the neighborhood coffee shop we all wish we had around the corner.The amazing quality of the baked goods far outweighs the lack of quality coffee. The red velvet cupcake is a masterpiece and the homemade scones are outstanding.The food and the atmosphere are the reasons I like this place. If they started serving Cartel coffee, The Coffee Shop could become nirvana.
4	Great place to sit and talk with your friends.I wish their coffee was good as McDonald's.......
5	Gilbert is cool.  Yeah, that's right, I said it.  Gilbert is the coolest town in the valley and this is one of the places that makes it so darn cool.  The atmosphere here is perfect for hanging out and relaxing with a hot cup of coffee or, better still, a cup of cowboy cocoa.  Be sure to also check out the restaurant next door, Joe's Farm Grill.  Another amazingly cool place to hang out and enjoy great comfort food in a friendly setting.
4	The atmosphere is what really sells this place.  There's something about it that just feels kind of homey and inviting.  The outdoor patio is a great place to relax with some coffee and friends.  The indoor area is nice, too, because of the large windows that let in a lot of light.  However, if the place is full, especially if there are kids, it can get kind of loud.I've been here a couple of times and enjoyed various iced coffee drinks.  The last time I went, I ordered food as well.  I had the Papas Grande which is scrambled eggs, cheese, potatoes, and bacon served inside a thin flour tortilla.  It also came with salsa which I asked for on the side, and was pleasantly surprised to find that it was not chunky and had just enough spice to make the meal interesting.Not giving 5 stars just because of food service timing.  We waited quite a long time for our food and when the food finally came out, two of us were served while our third person had to wait even longer for his food - so long in fact, that the two of us that had food were almost halfway finished by the time the third dish was served.Other than that hiccup, we enjoyed the food and the coffee.  Will be back again.
5	My roommate and I drove past this place a few times before finally deciding today to stop by Agritopia and see what it's all about. You can't see THE COFFEE SHOP sign from the street, so we didn't even know about the place before pulling in, we just wanted to find out what Agritopia was about.The atmosphere is awesome, but I think the coffee is what really sells this place. I ordered a Turtle Monsoon which was delicious and my roommate ordered the Black & White mocha hot, she's a coffee aficionado and she said it was much better than anything at starbucks. They have more flavors of coffee than most coffee shops too. There is a charming den in the back of the coffee shop with nice leather seating, couches and books, a much nicer place to sit and have coffee while reading than Starbucks.Also, what I really swooned over was the variety of desserts. There is every flavored gourmet cupcake you can imagine including "birthday cake cupcake", "boston cream pie cupcake", "peanut butter and jelly cupcake", "red velvet cupcake", and even more that I haven't mentioned. We asked if they were hiring pastry chefs and they said the owners do all the baking themselves.outside the coffee shop is the The coffee shop nursery which we took a look around and they had a lemon tree, a pomegranate tree, orange tree, really nice area to walk around and view the scenery.This would be a great place to go on a first date. It's an old farm and still has the charm and quaintness of farm life.I can't say enough about this place, it was great. Go visit it today!
5	returned to The Coffee Shop at Agritopia today for the most perfect lemon cupcake I have ever seen and tasted. I will post a picture of my happy self eating it too.
4	I have been several times to The Coffee Shop and every time, it's a treat! Literally! The coffee is really great and the atmosphere is totally comfortable but to be blatantly honest, it's really all about those cupcakes. Holy amazing cakes, Batman! That's some serious greatness packed into that little bundle of dough and frosting.I hosted an event here not too long ago and it was so fun! The service was perfect, the atmosphere was awesome. It really set the stage for a great evening. We packed the inside out and just had an evening to remember. I suggest you do the same. Come, hang out, chill and soak up all that is The Coffee Shop. You will not be dissappointed.
5	5 stars easy... A friend of mine turned me on to this caffeine heaven. I'm from Chicago but visit AZ often. Every time we visit we make it a point to stop at The Coffee Shop. The Joe is out of this world and the Bakery items look like they came of the pages of a magazine. The atmospheres is pleasant and the staff is friendly. We ate there for breakfast was wonderful as we sat outside enjoying the flowers and weather.You cant go wrong going here.
5	This morning was my first experience with The Coffee Shop. We got there early, and it's a good thing, because it gets pretty busy around 9:00. It's very dog friendly, so I was very excited to be able to bring Frankie for breakfast with my friend. We both ordered the San Diegan open faced omelet. It comes with potatoes, sour cream, cheese, and I had them hold the bacon, the mushrooms and add spinach. Dee-lish! I ordered a white chocolate mocha, and it was much lighter than what you would get at Starbucks. We sat on the patio outside which was beautiful. Lots of tables and comfy chairs to enjoy.This is definitely a family friendly environment. Lots of kids running around, and people having family and engagement pictures taken. Everything is green and there are lots of shade-providing trees. It's within walking distance of the Cosmos dog park, so it makes The Coffee Shop the perfect place to stop before you spend some quality time with your dog, running through puddles and jumping through the obstacle course.
5	A few of us tried The Coffee Shop this weekend for the first time. It was probably the best breakfast I have had in a long time.I had an omelet that had bacon on it. Because of the bacon, I was fully expecting it to be on the greasier side. Not at all. Perfection! The bacon was crisp, meaty, and not greasy. The egg was done perfectly. This came with diced potatoes, seasoned with something, and not greasy at all. What sealed the deal was the best blueberry scone I've ever had. I saw it in the case and tried to resist. However, after breakfast as I was sipping my coffee, it called to me. This thing was not too dry and loaded with blueberries. I would highly recommend checking this place out.
5	Love this place. Cute as a button and the coffee and food is great. Very fresh. I have had casual business meetings here over coffee as well as hung out with my kids. Chill vibe:)
4	This is a totally solid bfast spot.  Though I do think that the items here are one or two dollars too expensive, everything I had tasted good. One thing I did particularly LOVE were their scones.  They weren't as dry as scones usually are, but were moist and kind of like muffin tops. Yum.
3	I do love the coffee here- and the last time I was in I had their veggie omelet and that was tasty as well. Today when I was in I decided to try their yogurt parfait, which consisted of strawberries, blueberries, granola and a citrus flavored yogurt. It was ok, wasn't a fan of the citrus flavor. They ought to give a second option if you're not a big fan of citrus. It is definitely not worth the $6.95 I paid for it. The atmosphere is always good, though they replaced a couple tables with a huge ranch one so that made finding a seat difficult unless you shared the big table. Can't wait until it cools off so you can sit outside again. Definitely a good place to go if you want good coffee and also want to support a local business. Just watch your wallet- it adds up fast.
2	Small breakfast menu....probably a better place for lunch due to more choices. I got the San Diegan omelet (which the cashier said was their best seller). It was nothing spectacular and needed more veggies.  I also got the iced coffee and thought it didn't taste that great. However, the cupcakes I took home to eat later were pretty tasty. I might return for lunch one day for a sandwich .
4	I come here because it is one of the few independent coffee shops around and the ambiance is really nice. The chairs in the back are comfy and I love the decor. The hot chocolate is great. The sweets also taste good. The only bad thing is there are ALWAYS flies on their baked goods. I have come in multiple times to get a cupcake or a whoopie saw the flies on them and turn right back around.
5	What? They have coffee here? Really, folks, it's all about the cupcakes. BEST. CUPCAKES. EVER.These little treats are like beautiful works of art (who ever thought you could actually eat sparkles?) and very creative with flavors - my personal favorite is the cookie dough cupcake. They like to use almond extract in their creamy frosting which adds that little extra. Also the cake itself is a bit heavier than your typical cupcake which can be too light and sometimes fall apart - these babies hold up well which seems to also contribute to their flavor.Be prepared to shell out the dough, though (no pun intended). They won a Food Network cupcake challenge and unfortunately they now have the prices to match. Still, for a special treat these are worth it.Oh yeah, and I hear they have coffee and sandwiches too, but why bother with those?One tip: The selection of cupcakes are at their peak at 10-11am. Get there too early and they won't be out yet, too late and the pickings will be slim.
5	I had lunch here today with my mom and I was pleasantly surprised. The food is really good and reasonably priced. Of course, we had to try a cupcake, so we split a cookie dough cupcake and it was to die for! I can't wait to go back and try another flavor. The staff is really nice, but honestly, my favorite part was the music - Elliott Smith, Beck, Radiohead, Beatles...it doesn't get any better than that for me. I could have sat there all day listening to my favorite music while eating delicious cupcakes :)
5	Would it be to forward to say that I want to live here, on premises? I mean, is that allowed?  I love this place. How did I live before coming here?  Do you think Joe would care if I made this my new home?Love love love this place.  I am currently sitting in the back writing my review and never want to leave.  Joe, if your out there, your awesome.  this place rocks!
3	Sorry to say to all the lovers here, this place is not that great! I have been to plenty of other places that were better. Especially in San Francisco!! But the girls wanted to try it out. Now my wife went home and made some that were a lot better! And we didn't have to deal with the flies!! Jen! please the Best cup cakes ever????? You need to get out more?
5	Great place for a "home office" morning. One of my favorite places - indoor & outdoor seating. Always busy - they offer breakfast & lunch, their food is awesome! Very generous portions.
5	Conveniently located on Higley and Ray in Gilbert, The Coffee Shop has the best omelettes ever. I ususally get something like the Ham and Cheddar omelette.  The potatoes that come on the side are awesom and add some fresh oj and you are set.  It will cost you about $9 but it is worth it.  I go there once a week on Fridays to work and enjoy breakfast.  I will be Friday if you want to swing by and say hi Facebook friends!!
4	Great place for a lite breakfast, pastry and lunch. Been coming here since they opened. Love the owner Jessica and she is amazing. Great homemade meals. Lots of new staff lately and some are a little rude. They need to exude the same friendliness as the owners which is what brought people in. Has kinda outgrown it's location with all their regulars they could benefit from a bigger place. Sometimes not enough parking. I think they are so good that they have just gotten so many customers that they need more room.  I have never had a bad meal or drink in this place. All fresh ingredients and homemade. Amazing !!!
3	After watching her win on Cupcake Wars I was determined to find this place (It's very well hidden)and sample the cupcakes.  I have to say I was not impressed; i make better cupcakes on my own.  More creative and not so sweet you'll go into a diabetic coma.  i did have a California BLT as well and it was a good sandwich although the bread was a little too toasted for my liking.  The staff was friendly, the ambiance was very pleasant and it was clean.  But the cupcakes...really not all that.  Sorry....
4	Just 3 Words....Strawberry Champagne Cupcakes= Yummy!
2	07/07/10Had coffee and some sweets here w/ a friend, and after much anticipation on trying the fare here, I was a bit disappointed w/ what I found :(  I decided I'd try a couple of scones and a berry coffee cake, and a cup o' joe.  I really enjoyed the coffee, but the pastries?  Not so much.  The coffee cake wasn't sweet enough, and I found it to be too greasy.  The scones, also a bit on the greasy side, were so flat, they looked like cookies!  Out of the two, I liked the butterscotch best.  However, I wouldn't order these again.  A few hours later, I decided I'd go back to write some reviews and have another cup of coffee.  I went back up to see if there were new additions to the display, but was turned off when I saw a couple of flies crawling over the cupcakes.  (((shudder)))  The clerk manning the counter followed my gaze and saw the flies, but didn't shoo them away.  Tsk, tsk.  Turned me off on trying anything new.I am a big fan of Joe's Farm Grill and The Liberty Market (a little less of Joe's Real BBQ, but I've only gone there once, so a return visit may change my mind), so I'd like to give their sister company The Coffee Shop another try.  The sandwich and salad menus look delicious, but most of the selections are off-limits to me.  But... flies in the sweets counter?  I don't know if I can stomach another visit :(
4	The food is really good! My husband and I frequent The Coffee Shop for breakfast and cupcakes. I wouldn't say the breakfast and cupcakes are amazing but they're really good and worth the money. If you want to stop by for breakfast on the weekends come early; I'm not the only one that thinks the food is good and is apparent by the lack of seating. Another reason I love this place is because it's comfortable to come with a group of friends/family or by yourself. My favorite place to sit is out back in the "garden" area, especially during cool weather. My only complaint is that the service isn't good. I feel like I'm inconveniencing the staff by placing an order; they are very short and seem preoccupied with whatever else. Go in knowing that you're going to get good food but mediocre service and you won't be disappointed.
2	I heard about this place from the Food Network Cupcake Wars.  I promised my girls to take them for a treat so this was the place I picked. I thought for a $3.00 cupcake it would be spectacular, but it wasn't.  It was - - a cupcake.  I frankly could make 12 cupcakes at home for the same price and the same taste. One of my daughters didn't like it at all. I wouldn't go back for the cupcakes.  I haven't tried the other stuff they offer.  It seems like they specialize in vegan cupcakes.  Which I could care less about.
5	The coffee was good.  The coconut cupcake my wife and I shared was great.
5	If I lived down there, I would go here so often!  Great selection of baked goods/food ... and of course, coffee.
4	This place is so flippin' cute! I'm having a hard coming to terms with the fact that a place with such personality is located in suburbia!  The open, farm-like, garden landscaping makes for a magnificent morning sitting on the patio and the decor has a lot of style and character. My boyfriend and I both enjoyed the flavor of our lattes drinks, even though they could have been made hotter. The Pumpkin Spice is waaay better than Starbuck's version!  The pastry case was beautiful and filled with cupcakes (many vegan), but our cupcake did not taste as beautiful as it looked.  The icing tasted like cheap, sugary Safeway icing and the lemon cake was artificial tasting.  The cupcake was a bit of a letdown since the baker/owner/whatever has signs all over the place exclaiming "omg! I won a cupcake TV show!" I wish it wasn't out in the boonies, I would love to hang out at this place more often.
5	If you have not been here I strongly urge you to put it on your list of places for great food and atmosphere.   Another of Joe's gems.    Great place to have breakfast.   To die for cupcakes [award winning], sconces and other goodies.    A great experience.
4	Love the atmosphere. My favorite place to have breakfast. Food is consistently good, but always takes a long time to receive food and coffee. Take your laptop and enjoy the free wifi in their living room after eating.
4	Holy shit! It's not a Starbucks! This is a rarity in the Far East Valley. I didn't think this was possible. Granted, the surrounding neighborhood (Agritopia) creeps me out a bit (all I could think when I drove here was "little boxes, on the hillside...little boxes, made of ticky-tacky..."), but cute little shop. Good (and cheap!) coffee. I also had an excellent chai latte here. The one sandwich I had here (the chicken honey mustard) was also tasty. The scones were to die for (and the flavors rotate in and out). The cupcakes are pretty (and glittery?), but I was kind of underwhelmed by them (but all cupcakes just kind of taste super sugary to me). Now if only the wi-fi was a bit more reliable and there were more outlets...
2	Good atmosphere, greasy cupcakes. Good coffee, crappy customer service.
3	v. charming cafe, complete with beautiful pastry counter, excellent java offerings. quiet, spacious seating area inviting to catch up w/friends or curl up with a good read.conveniently next door to Joe's Farmhouse Grill.
5	I love this place! They are always busy, which is ok because I think it's well worth the wait. The Coffee Shop has a good atmosphere, and the outdoor seating is nice. They are known for their cupcakes (even featured on Cupcake Wars) but I have not tried them yet. As for the breakfast, I love the San Diegan- yum! The coffee is good too!
3	Really yummy cupcakes. That's about all I can really say for this place. Service has always been pretty sterile and very young. It's Gilbert so the personalities of most of the people there are kinda blah. Welcome to Gilbert.This place keeps falling off more and more each time I go.
3	Ok, I broke down n decided to go spend over $3 ea for a cup cake, one vegan (double chocolate) n a cherry ..it was good, but nothing to go back to.
4	This cafe is really nice! There are windows everywhere and outside they have a patio and grass! Their coffee is a hit or a miss (depending on who makes it), the cupcakes are good, strawberry smoothie is great, and the sandwiches are delicious! Food 4/5Atmosphere 5/5Service 4/5The best part of this place is the atmosphere, it's very pretty. They also have wifi, making it a nice study spot.
2	I really love me some cupcakes. So when I found out this joint was serving cupcakes made by winners from cupcake wars - I was like HELL YES. So were they nice looking cupcakes? Yes. But you know they were just not that tasty at all. kind of dry. I got a coconut and got the birthday cake for my daughter since we were sampling to possibly purchase for her birthday party. I really wanted to love them. But I didnt. I might go back for some coffee but for the mean time im sticking to Sprinkles for my cupcakes.
4	It was a perfect day to sit outside in the patio enjoying the Bacon & BBQ sauce cupcake from the Food Network "Cupcake War" Challenge.  The thought of BBQ sauce on a cupcake doesn't sound very appealing, but surprisingly it wasn't too bad.  Joe's BBQ sauces are good by itself.  The cupcake was moist and with some unique flavors.  I just couldn't resist not trying it.   The view of the farm was gorgeous too.
2	Went here for lunch today, not the best but not the worst. I got the turkey and havarti sandwich, wasn't very good at all. I don't know what type of lettuce they use, but it was awful. I got one of their red velvet cupcakes that several people told me are "better than sprinkles"....lies! They were ok, but no where near sprinkles status. I liked the ambiance and the outdoor seating, it's a cute little place to grab a coffee, but my husband and I won't be going out of our way to go here again.
1	I really wanted to like this place.  But, I too was grossed out  by the flies crawling on all the pastries.  I have been in there 2 separate times to see if they had done anything about the flies -- nope.  I would love to try one of their award winning cupcakes but not while the flies have first dibs.
5	Great coffee (latte for me), yummy scrambles and breakfast burritos, and tons of indoor and outdoor seating. So far, this is my favorite coffee shop in the area. Also the prices are reasonable and the staff is really friendly. It gets pretty busy on the weekends, but it's a quiet and cool place to relax during the week.
5	The Coffee Shop is the place to find the most beautiful, delicious cupcakes in the east valley. What a great way to put a smile on your face: get yourself a gourmet cupcake and a cup of coffee and relax in the rose garden for a nice break.Love it!!
5	My family LOVES The Coffee Shop! The San Diegan is sooo good for breakfast! Fabulous pastries and sandwiches, you really can't go wrong with anything they serve here. The turtle monsoon is one of my favorite things ever.The atmosphere and service are amazing. It's a great place to just come hang out, have some good food and take in fresh air! Can't say enough good things about it!
5	So after going on a week long binge consisting of caffeine and Easter chocolate, I decided that I needed a little break and eat something relatively healthy for me.Being the indecisive little thing that I am, I had no clue where to go or what I wanted to eat.... but thanks to yelp! I decided to check out this place. (Thanks yelpers!)The Coffee Shop is cute -- there are lots of windows filling the place with natural light and it also gave the place a more spacious feeling. It wasn't too crowded when I went there but there were enough people where you could feel comfortable and not have to worry about feeling suffocated, or even worse, being watched by employees (paranoid, much?)I ordered the tomato basil sandwich, which also came with mozzarella, onion, avocado, and feta cheese. The tomatoes that were in my sandwich were one of the best tasting things I've ever had. Other than that the sandwich was kind of salty (because of the feta cheese I think?) but the amount of tomatoes they added helped balance the overall flavor.I also got to try the pesto chicken sandwich, which I thought was even better than the sandwich that I ordered. The pesto was SO GOOD!  I would (and will) order that sandwich next time I am here. The best part about the sandwiches is that they tasted so fresh that it almost made me think it could offset the load of processed crap I consumed this past week (damn you, guilt).I didn't try any of their drinks or cupcakes (see: binge) but I do plan on coming back to try them out because they looked really good. They had an interesting selection of cupcakes with plump frosting tops that came in cute names like "lemon glam" and "sweetheart cherry". Some of their cupcake selections were vegan too!Thank you for the awesome food Coffee Shop! :)
3	This place was just okay to me. I have been a few times and always found the service pretty rude and slow. The only times the service has been good have been when there have been guys working behind the counter. The women who work there seem to always be kind of...eh...annoyed? Cranky? Unhelpful?I am always excited to try the cupcakes because they look so pretty and they carry that whole "won something on Food Network" badge of honor. But honestly, I don't think they are that great. Unlike others here, I think they are better than  Sprinkles (not a big Sprinkles fan, personally- I bake!) but they are not as good as homemade. They use a lot of cherry or almond extract without labeling the items as such and I find the flavor off-putting to say the least. Nothing like biting into a vanilla or "birthday cake" cupcake only to taste...blech...artificial extract flavoring! Chocolate seems to have it, too. Not awful, not great. Just eh. It's a cute place, though, and I love supporting a local business...so I pop in now and again :)
2	Didnt make it to breakfast. Had pesto chicken sandwich. Had high expectations, the garden was nice. I honestly didnt see what everyone else was talking about. Maybe I was just having an off day. Although, I think over priced, I will return. Cupcakes were hypnotizing!
5	I love the coffee shop! It's a great place to relax on the patio & have brunch. The san diegan & TJ omelettes are soo good!
5	Great coffee, cupcakes, & whoopies! Love to grab a treat and sit outside on their patio.
5	I absolutely love their blended Chai lattes! The coffee shop's is probably top three on my list. It is such a cute little shop owned by two sisters (not a chain) and has so much to offer.
5	Okay, it's official... I'm dropping out of Journalism school & opening a cafe! I fell head over heels in love with this little gem back in April when my mom&I stopped in for coffee on her birthday. I'm a total Starbucks junkie (Gold Card holder since 2010, baby!) and frequent it on the daily, so I really am skeptical when it comes to getting my caffeine fix anywhere else. However it is safe to say that The Coffee Shop makes the BEST dang chai that has ever graced my perfectly glossed lips, Y-U-M! But the loveliness sure didn't stop there. I couldn't believe my eyes as we walked outside to a patio enveloped in a gorgeous rose garden! I took my mom back for Mother's Day & one of the adorable waitresses told me it was supposed to be the busiest day of the year. There were 15+ guests in front of me in line, but of course I was willing to wait. I ordered skinny soy caramel macchiatos for the two of us, as well as a strawberry scone & blueberry white chocolate coffee cake. My mom loved her pastry (the coffee cake) but my strawberry scone was really salty :( I'm positive that it was just a recipe fluke because of the Mother's Day insanity, and a little salty scone will not stop me from a 5 star review!
4	the four stars are strictly for the cupcakes and the service. $2.75 for a small iced tea is outrageous and while the field veggie sandwich was good- it wasn't worth the almost $8.00 i paid for it. the cupcakes, however, were amazing-the boston cream and red velvet were SO good and the fact that they held them in the freezer for me until i got there was great. i would recommend you call ahead and find out what flavors they have-they are more than willing to make suggestions and give reviews. the place is nonsmoking inside and out, which is a plus for 99% of the population.
5	I was just looking for a coffee shop from which to leech some wifi; little did I know I was stepping into an awesome cupcakery whose wares have won competitions on the Food Network.Now sure, the competition in question was Cupcake Wars, another boring baking competition amongst many in the 2010-2011 season. I watch a crapload of FN programming, but even I couldn't put up with 15 hours of Food Network Challenge a week, much less three other shows that are the exact same format with mildly different food as the focus. It's some of Scripps' highest-rated shows, so someone's watching it, or forgetting they left the TV on while they went to go make dinner. In any case, it shouldn't detract from the accomplishments of Flowers/Cuff, because they made the best cupcake I've ever tasted. It was a cranberry/lemon thing, and despite the large swirl of frosting that matched the quantity of the cake itself, nothing felt overpowered between the sweetness, the fruit, and the citrus. Beautiful inside and out - much like myself, if you were to ask my mother. A damn smooth cup of coffee, too.
5	The Coffee Shop is a great place to hang out and have a drink and a bite to eat. Great food and the coffee is fantastic. Very kind employees as well. The free wi-fi is nice to have as well.
5	A hidden gem! Tried this place for the first time and ate their vegan cupcake (I'm a vegan)-was so impressed! I'm definitely coming back to try their chai latte.. and hopefully in the near future, they will have a vegan option on their breakfast and lunch menu because it is so close to where I live!
5	One of my favorite coffee shops in the valley.
4	Met friends from out of town here to catch up and was NOT disappointed.  Great coffee at comparable prices, and the fresh sandwiches and desserts were to die for.  I had the lemon and sage Vegan cupcake.  YUM.The staff is only average - but heck its a coffee bar!  I'll visit again, and if you like coffee shops, you should try this place out.
4	Just like everyone else has reviewedm this place serves great sandwiches, excellent coffee and positively sinful desserts. It is always busy so be prepared to wait in line. My husband and I like to go there to grab something light but the prices and portion sizes lead us to go somewhere else if we are looking for something hearty! Overall, nice place and a great atmosphere. One of our favorites!
4	Great Breakfast! Went for Father's day and they had fresh banana pancakes yummy!!! Def must have breakfasts good portions.
5	I first heard about The Coffee Shop on The PBS Show Check Please. I decided that I would take the trip and see if it is as good as was stated on the show. Of course I checked the Yelp reviews and they were very favorable, so my fiance and I decided to go for breakfast. The only downside was we didn't get there until about 12:45pm and they stop selling breakfast at noon Mon thru Sat.. Of course that was our issue. Sunday they serve breakfast all day. Even though we were looking to have breakfast we got sandwiches instead. I had the Southwest Chicken Sandwich on Sourdough Bread and my fiance had the Chicken Salad on croissant. Both sandwiches were excellent. Great flavor, fresh ingredients is how I would describe both of them. Now for those you folks that like loads of food when you go out to eat, these sandwiches were just enough, not too filling. Which left room for one of the incredibly lushish sweet delicacies that they serve. My fiance had the Boston Creme Cupcake and I had the Lemon Cupcake with sparkles on them. All I can say is "Forget About It" these cakes were Fantabulous. You must get a sweet something when you go here. Finally, it's a little hard to find but it's in Agritopia subdivision on the north side of Ray. You will see "The Farm Stand Market" sign - turn here.
4	Go here once a week at least.  Love the little place.  Casual, good breakfast options, good americanos and other coffee drinks, and a cool lay out with the patio and large tall windows inside.  A couple of suggestions to the owners.  The doors are opening all the time so flies get in there, probably from Joe's farm restaurant next door.  Kidding but seriously too many freakin kids over there.  Maybe nothing you can do but there must be some bad ass fly killing technology out there.  Other than that bitch, love the place and will continue to go back.
5	I love this place! The Coffee Shop opened when I was still living in AZ & was going to grad school in Mesa. Even though it was about a 15 min. drive from my school (and there was at least 3 Starbucks that were closer), when I had the time in between classes I would come here. I'm happy after all these years (okay...it's been like 5ish) The Coffee Shop is still around, and has actually grown. Not that I had doubts based on quality & service, but I still consider this location to be somewhat in no-mans land. Even though I no longer live in AZ, when I come home to visit I have a friend who lives close by so I still try and drop-in when I go to visit them. Maybe I'm exaggerating this, but I think the place has grown over the years. There's tons of seating both indoors and outdoors, and there's even a cute little living room type area w/cozy couches. The atmosphere here is very clean & open. Now for as much as I love coffee/espresso, I'm not a huge connoisseur of it, but that being said whether it be Chai or a latte the drinks here are great! What really sets this place apart from other coffee shops though is the food...particularly the baked goods! The scones, muffins, & cupcakes are all FANTASTIC! There's a huge open kitchen where you can see these delicious pastries being made! As far as the sandwiches, soups, and breakfasts, I can't really say much since I've never had any of that stuff but I'm sure they're yummy if they're anything like the baked goods! The Coffee Shop isn't exactly located in the most central area, and I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way to come here, but when I'm relatively close by, I make it a point to come here...even if it means bypassing other coffee shops along the way.
5	This place doesn't need yet another review - it's awesome. We know. BUT I had to put a good word in for their FISH TACO FRIDAYS!!!!!!! Oh my oh my I long for Friday's 11-2pm ish.  I order Fish Taco's on many a menu and these rank in my top 3 of all time. 2 tacos, Special sweet sauce (lots), hot homemade tacos, crunch cabbage...FINGER LICKIN good.  $8.95 I think. It comes with a salad that I barely touched because it couldn't keep up with the tastebud party of the fish tacos. They should swap out the salad for something else more exciting like a summer corn veggie "salad" or something.  Anyway, my other MUST HAVE at The Coffee Shop is the scones! I've never ordered a scone in my life - but here they are unbelievable - soft - like glorified magic muffins.  The whoopie pies are pretty spectacular too.  I always get an iced mocha - and it's always just the way I like it.  P.S. The ambiance here rocks.  a great place to get some work done (wifi), chat with a girlfriend, baby-watch, or go on a lunch date with your 15 month old like I do (plenty of high chairs and nice people that say SHE'S SOOO CUTE!)
5	Finally, food grown on the farm and served up fresh, great coffee, free wifi, shaded outdoor areas for sitting and playing, all in one. I thought I was back in Portland for a minute. Love this place!
4	This is where I get my gourmet cupcake fix!  Love the cupcakes, lots of unique, delicious flavors!  The edible glitter just speaks to my inner girlie-girl and makes me happy!The coffees are great- I calorie splurged and had a Spanish Latte on my last visit.  It was the perfect sweet-bitter combination!  I've only eaten breakfast here, but the menu looks great. I love the atmosphere-very industrial meets antique meets country.  It can get a little loud, but I blame that on the rude people who don't watch their children and scream into their cell phones more than the business.  Staff has always been friendly and efficient!
4	Delicious coffee - love the Spanish Latte and the Black & White, hot or iced.  Breakfast was delicious, haven't tried lunch yet.  Cupcakes are beautiful, but I've had better tasting ones.  The only downside is that the coffee sometimes takes a very long time to make, especially the Spanish Latte, it seems.  Overall, I would definitely go back.
3	"This will be the longest you've ever waited for a mediocre cup of coffee."Kind of the best way to put it.  A place with the noun "coffee" in their name is expected to serve excellent coffee, at least in the books I read.  Joe is brilliant, don't get me wrong.  I just don't understand the Mr. Espresso beans, moderate machine and undertrained baristaing that occurs from time to time.  Perhaps when he debuts his roaster and revamps the shop, things will be different.
4	Wowie, is this place difficult to find!  But it's well worth the journey of getting lost on my way there!  My friend and I went for lunch and we thought we had stepped into an alternate universe or the set of Desperate Housewives.I had the tomato-basil sandwich and my friend the veggie and they were quite tasty (although we both agreed that the 9-grain bread really made them great).  The reason we stopped by the place was cause I heard that they had won an episode of Cupcake Wars and had to try them out for myself.  I got the coconut and lemon for my brother who loved it and he's not much of a dessert kinda guy.  My friend got the double chocolate-something-or-other and said it was good but too sweet for her liking.  Their frosting to cake ratio was spot on, I thought!  Their coffee was also very good, we both had iced lattes but will want to come back and try their "monsoons".  The prices are a tiny bit higher than my liking, but worth an occasional visit.Overall fabulous place and will return with friends!
5	Why are you so far from my house!!!!!!!???? I love this place.  Great coffee, amazing pastries, and a really cute ambiance.  I can't wait to go when it's not a thousand degrees to enjoy their farmer's market area and possibly even sit outside (what a novel idea in Phoenix!).On second thought, it's probably better that you're so far from me...my butt would be huge if your cupcakes were any more convenient.
3	I found out about The Coffee Shop as they were one of the winners on Food Network's Cupcake Wars.  I've got a huge sweettooth so I was excited to try this place.  We decided to have a late breakfast so my daughter & I shared the San Diegan (an open face omelette with bacon, sour cream, potatoes, feta, green onions, cheddar and mushrooms.  This omelette had all of my favorite ingredients.  It wasn't too salty, maybe just a little too oily but the feta added a nice tang.  It kind of tasted like a baked potato with eggs and feta.My husband had the Papas Grande Burrito (potatoes, eggs, bacon and cheese).  My husband said it was OK; pretty good.We picked up a Bostom Cream Pie and MIxed Berry cupcakes to bring back to the hotel.  I was pretty disappointed with the cupcakes (the breakfast dishes were better).  Although the cupcakes were moist, they were just average.  Not exactly the "wow" factor I was expecting as winners of Cupcake Wars.  But don't get me wrong, they weren't terrible.  Just OK.
4	A nice alternative to Joe's Fresh Farm Grill.  Excellent place to visit for breakfast or lunch.  Food is delicious and prices are reasonable.Yes, Cupcake Wars brought them some claim to fame but I think cupcakes are over-priced and unsatisfying.  Shall we have a tea party next?This is a coffee house with a comfortable atmosphere, if somewhat crowded at times.  The patio is nice on a cool morning or evening.Like most places in Gilbert that have staying power, your experience will be judge on time of visit.  Service suffers as each place gets busier.
3	Maybe it's my red velvet southern roots, but gourmet cupcake my ass. Credit due for the fresh salads and garden. Cute place!
4	I love The Coffee Shop! I was never a cupcake person but when I saw this place online and heard it was on TV I had to try it. Unlike previous reviewers I didn't find the staff to be unfriendly at all, but unfortunately the two times I've gone in there they didn't have all the cupcakes available. They aren't too expensive though, are the perfect size and absolutely delicious! I find myself craving their cupcakes almost everyday now. :)
5	ive never had a bad experience. small menu but everything is amazing. the urban atmosphere is my fav. customer service is good. coffee drinks and cupcakes are perfect.
5	Amazing, especially for the East Valley. Their coffee has always been great - and they're one of the few places I've found that has butterscotch syrup! Butterscotch iced lattes are dreamy...The Field Veggie sandwich is equally delicious. And their cupcakes are always dependably yummy - I tried the coffee and cigarettes one when they had it...so strange, but really good!A really good find in the sea of Starbucks stores that is Gilbert.Awesome atmosphere, too!
3	The BF and I went out to this place this morning/afternoon to get some coffee and try some of their famous -ish cupcakes. The coffee was good, strong, but not too strong and the latte was prepared fairly well. The cupcakes, however, were nothing super special. I got the pina colada and the BF got the something glam cupcake (?)...the cakes were very pretty with glitter and sprinkles, but as far as flavor goes...it wasn't that great.  Definitely no reason to drive out to BFE....now, if you live in BFE, at least you have a coffee shop that's not starbucks and is fairly good. So there's that. and the surroundings are pretty and a nice change from Phoenix.
4	OMG! thats all i can say!
4	I am a fan and love the concept however the owners aren't as kind and outgoing as I thought they would be, to be fair they are usually pretty busy! I consistently go in there and never even get a smile. Love the freshness and the food. Wish they had pancakes, waffles, etc. Pricey but cute! I used to love the way they operated with post it notes, etc. keeping it simple but noticed they have iPads now :)
4	They make a mean mocha ice blend!
4	It is certainly no secret to anyone who knows me, reads my blog, or follows me on Facebook or Twitter, that Im a foodie at heart and will go to great lengths to try new restaurants, dishes or types of cuisine I've not previously experienced.  All of that having been said I have a HUGE food crush on a little gem hidden in Gilbert, Arizona at a place called Agritopia, I'm speaking of course of "The Coffee Shop."With such a simple name you would be tempted to assume this was a mere coffee shop slinging run of the mill or even above average coffee drinks and you would be WRONG.  While The Coffee Shop does in fact serve up coffee drinks as expected, it is not caffeine which drew me in or keeps me going back.Lets begin with how I found them and what has brought me to today.  A few weeks ago Joe's Farm Grill was having their 5th Annual customer appreciation day (they served in the neighborhood of 4000 free cheeseburgers but more on that later) and trusty pal Mikey and I dropped in to have a burger and fries.  As we were leaving, I decided I wanted to stop by The Coffee Shop (which is on the same parcel of land) to see what It was all about.Upon walking inside, the salivation began.  There, arranged before me was just about the most mouthwatering display of cupcakes and whoopie pies I have ever seen.  The first thing that caught my eye were the Coconut creme whoopie pies, seemingly very plain but with the promise of greatness if done well...and they were! These Coconut creme whoopies are just about the best things I have ever eaten (and Ive eaten a LOT).  Unlike many of the whoopie wannabe's I've eaten in the past, the pastry chef here achieved the perfect balance of sweetness, moisture and density with the most pleasant, light crunchy outer texture.  So flavorful was the shell that I was almost taken aback by the creme filling that was obviously made with absolute care and devotion to the craft.  Simply incredible (I feel like there should be a new Food Network show called "Whoopie Pie Wars!")On to the next bit of tastiness in the form of a tray lined with cupcakes whose sign read "Chocolate chip cookie dough,' YES please.  They looked simple, well decorated but not overdone and I was keen to try one. No flaccid, tasteless frosting here, there's butter creme on that there cupcake.  Sprinkled with chocolate chips and what looks like chocolate Disco dust was the best tasting buttercream I can remember having eaten.  They've somehow been able to create the essence of cookie dough in cake form, a bit of gooeyness, great flavor and yes, i'd eat a whole bag of them.The PB&J cupcake found its way into my mouth next and took me back to my Grandmothers kitchen with her homemade bread, peanut butter and preserves only BETTER (sorry Grandma), it was deliciously dense, the peanut butter buttercream (say that 5 times really fast) was sweet, creamy and perfectly accompanied but a little dab of jelly on top (along with a generous squirt in the middle of the cupcake.) I highly recommend this one.I did grab a few other cupcakes before lapsing into a sugar induced coma including cake batter, coconut and a strawberry one I got pictures of and ate but whose clever name I cannot remember (terrible journalist...oh, wait, as a Blogger I admire recently wrote, I'm not a "professional journalist!").  Everything i've had so far has caused me to make the 40 mile trek from home to The Coffee Shop for a treat I just can't find anywhere else in the Valley.  If you desire a creative, perfectly made treat, get into your car and make the trip from wherever you might be to THe Coffee Shop at Agritopia. Check out the Chefs responsible for the creations I've mentioned and more on their recent winning episode of  Cupcake Wars on the Television Food Network.
4	Amazing atmosphere     Very relaxing casual breakfast spot.  Menu is a little overpriced but the food is very good.  Great place if you are looking for a quiet place to work or eat.
5	I LOVE this place! If I could own a coffee shop it would be this one. Every time I go I wish I could buy the place! The food, drinks, bakery items, atmosphere- all just fabulous!!!If you go for breakfast you HAVE to try the Papas burrito. It is just SO good! I also think their scones are the best around. They are never dry and slightly sweeter than most scones. I know they have had huge accolades for their cupcakes and while they are pretty and I think they are good I don't know that they are the best ever. I would pick a scone or the burrito any day over the cupcakes. The best thing is to get a seat outside when the weather is nice and just relax, watch the  birds and drink a coffee with breakfast!
5	Ok, I have tried nearly every cupcake place in the Phoenix metro area and this place takes the cake..no pun intended.  It puts Sprinkles to shame.  They are not too sweet and the frosting is perfection.  I have a hard time eating one, I always have to order more.  There are two cupcakes that are worth the trip to Gilbert, the rosewater and raspberry and the lemon lavender blueberry.  They will be the best cupcakes you will ever eat, I can assure you.  The owner doesn't make these two everyday but if you call ahead she will make them for you the next morning.  I'm not as big of a fan of the vegan cupcakes they make, as they can sometimes be inconsistent, but the traditional cupcakes are D-lish!  I always order a pomegranate iced tea to accompany my cupcakes as well.
2	I want to like this place, I really do. We're fans of Joe's Farm Grill (only for takeout, though--too crowded and touristy otherwise), and this is on the same property. We can walk there from our house, which is great on a crisp winter morning. The spot is very cute, love the decor and the patio, but would it kill the staff to SMILE once in a while? Everyone looks so miserable and/or angry. You can't get them to smile if you tried. Now the food. Don't bother. I've given it a couple of tries and it's just impressive. Today I tried the veggie scramble. The menu didn't say it had cheese on it, and I would have asked to nix it if I'd known. But it came out with a big pile of shredded cheese on top. Ok, fine, not what I wanted, but if you are going to do it, you couldn't put it under the broiler for like 30 seconds to melt it and heat it? Lazy. The flavor was NIL. Zero. Like eating cardboard. No salt, no pepper, no herbs or spices of any sort. And just thrown on the plate. You eat with your eyes first. Fail. Then you expect to have flavor. Fail. And for it to be hot. Fail. I added hot sauce and salt and it was fine, but not worth buying. My daughter had a hot chocolate that was lukewarm at best, and clearly Swiss Miss from an envelope. Another waste of money.The cupcakes? Yawn. Overpriced for small cupcakes that are dry and crusty. They're pretty and well decorated, but not much beyond that. Sorry to be so harsh, but I'm done giving this place a shot. I might be more inclined to go back just for a cup of coffee once in a while, but the staff's attitude has made that impossible too. I'll go somewhere else.
4	I've been coming to The Coffee Shop for a year now/  I first heard about this place from Cupcake Wars.  After many visits, I finally stumbled upon the legendary Coffee & Cigs cupcake.  This single cupcake is the reason why I'm writing a review.  The Coffee & Cigs cupcake actually tastes like hazelnut.  It was a pleasant cupcake, dense, with fibers of nicotine or whatnot in it.  Upon the first few bites, it was a pleasant taste but as expect, my throat started hurting.  I'm not a smoker myself but it was still quite delicious.  Give it a try!  Also, their whoopie pies are quite delicious.
4	If you're looking for a place to kick up your feet, get some good coffee and read a book - this is it. If you're looking for a place to grab a seat, pull out your laptop and get some work done - this is it. If you're looking for a place that has some killer cupcakes - this is it (or so I've been told). The only reason I'm giving this place four stars is because of personal preference. I'm not a cream cheese frosting kind of a guy and their cupcakes are almost exclusively frosted with that stuff. They do have other options for something to go along with your coffee, but I've only tasted the cookies, and they're just about ok.I've also had lunch here on occasion, and although nothing I've had stands out, nothing I've had disappoints.All-in-all, if you're looking for a place to catch up with a friend, catch up on some emails or catch up on some reading; look no further. Great ambiance, friendly staff and cool vibe.
5	Great little place in a great little neighborhood. Food was great, service good and friendly and sitting amongst the rose bushes and garden made one feel as if we were having a nice relaxing Sunday breakfast in our backyard. Love the place.
5	Love this place. Great coffee, good cup cakes, nice wi fi connection. Great place to relax and enjoy with the family or a friend.
4	Great atmosphere -- very retro modern, clean, bright, airy. And the (smallish) coffee cake is outstanding, flavorful without overdoing it, though at $3 seems a bit overpriced.  Coffee is very good -- not the best I've had, but certainly better than overly-bitter Starbucks, and reasonably priced at $1.80 for a medium (I think).  My 4-year-old daughter loved her pink cupcake ($2.75), though she mostly just ate the frosting, so it's a little hard to give a recommendation one way or the other.  (I'm sure they're great, at least based on the "Cupcake Wars" video, in which Coffee Shop wins.)  My daughter said her hot chocolate was ok, but claimed it tasted a little like coffee -- though I'm hoping she doesn't really know what coffee tastes like.  All in all a nice place and worth a return.
4	Came here on a beautiful Saturday afternoon. Saw them on Cupcake Wars so had to try their cupcakes out.I thought it was a bakery but it turns out they're more like a restaurant.  They sell brunch items like sandwiches, omelettes and burritos. They have a pastry section of cupcakes, cookies and whoopie pies. Tried their mixed berry cupcake and a strawberry whoopie pie. Unfortunately, we came around 1:30pm and some of their more original flavors were already sold out. :( So I guess I gotta come earlier next time.Our Turkey club sandwich was HUGE. It was enough to share with my friend. They have several tea selections too. I had the pomegranate tea on ice. They have register screens that the cashier will swing around if you want to add tip to your meal. Parking was a bit tight but there's a lot of space to let your kids run around.They're located next to Joe's Farm Grill.
4	This adorable little coffee shop is right off Ray road. If you blink, you may miss the turn!!! Lively environment with Wi-Fi internet makes this a great place for study groups. Only bad thing about this place is how small the parking lot is because most times it's full!As far as food goes-they serve breakfast omelettes, burritos, and sandwiches. The club sandwich is DECLICIOUS on wheat bread (I haven't tried anything else yet because I'm stuck on this one for now). This club is loaded with avocado, lettuce, tomato, bacon, and thick turkey slices.  All of their vegetables come from a local farm and are fresh & full of flavor :-DAs far as cupcakes-I've tried the birthday cake, chocolate chip cookie dough, red velvet, and the chocolate peanut butter cupcakes. My absolute favorites are the chocolate chip cookie dough and the chocolate peanut butter cupcakes.  The chocolate chip cookie dough has mini chocolate chips throughout the cupcake and the cookie-dough frosting!! SO GOOD!! The chocolate peanut butter cupcake's frosting tastes similar to the inside peanut butter of a Reese's peanut butter cup. Every cupcake I've tried from here is always moist and delicious!
4	This place is great! A hidden little gem in Gilbert. Love the cupcakes! To me it's moist and love the buttercream icing they use.  The ONLY thing is during the intense summer months of AZ they do leave out cupcakes and whoopie pies on the counter. With the sweltering heat, I just don't think it's a good idea. The flies are also a fan of the baked goods, beacause they are all over them. Swooning and landing on the deliciousness. I bought one of those counter cupcakes and my tummy did not agree. So now I only purchase the ones in the cooled display fridge. But over all we love this quaint coffee shoppe :)
5	Great patio!
5	I was surprised, I thought this place would be a five-star yelp page.We've loved every experience here. Awesome breakfast burritos. A must try.Awesome cupcakes (they offer vegan and gluten free sometimes! Call ahead to see what they have that day if this interests you!)Awesome espresso and fruity/ smoothie drinks.I use to love to come here on my lunch breaks to relax. Great atmosphere!! And I love the outdoor seating. On days with nice weather, it makes you forget you're in Arizona for awhile! ;)Check it out, for sure!!
5	The cupcakes are more than good... they are a religious experience.
5	Great Coffee and deserts!!!
2	Been going to The Coffee Shop since it opened.  We go there less frequently now as the customer service levels have dropped drastically and the noise levels have increased. I keep trying to write more but can't.   It's just not a place that I'm driven to go to anymore.  They are within walking distance but now that there is another shop which also has fresh-baked goodies, I think that's the spot that I'm going to be patronizing.
5	Family operated.. everything is fresh. It seriously does not get any better than this place! Some of my personal faves include the Butterscotch scone, Chicken Pesto sandwich on croissant, and of course, the infamous Scotch Kiss latte. Enjoy it on the relaxing patio with friendly neighborly folks, surrounded by beautiful, quintessential atmosphere of a small town farm. You will fall in love!!
5	Have spent the better part of three days here while a friend (who lives nearby and needs to be near his house while we work) developing some Social Media webinar material.  Haven't found anything about The Coffee Shop that I haven't loved.  Have had the coffee (very good), the muffin/coffee cakes, a lunch and now an award winning Boston Cream Pie Cupcake.  Oh, had the Chorizo Burrito the first morning.  Their sweet tasting salsa was a great compliment to the spicy but very tasty Chorizo Burrito.  If I was here I may never step in another Starbucks again...
5	Took my dad (visiting from out of town) here for breakfast. It's a nice place to take company, because there's nothing like it anywhere else. Breakfast food was sooo good. I took half of my breakfast burrito home and ate it the next day, so that was even better. Two breakfasts for the price of one. I love this place!
4	I just moved to Arizona last year. I am a mile or so away from this place I love the ambiance, the streamed music (though sometimes loud for the acoustics), the wiFi, and the food. Oh, wait. I love the Cafe Mochas too. The people who work here are the greatest, and the whole experience is of a nice little coffee cafe where you can get breakfast, coffee, lunch, and dessert, all in one place. My favorite coffee spot since I moved here due to the overall experience and convenience of being so close. Now all I need is a Scooter so I can hook up on weekends for rides. The food is pretty good. I like the variety, and thankfully they have added to their menu recently. I would still like to see more options though, and if they offered more specials it would be a breath of fresh air. I would also like to see a few salad options. I know I would love to forgo the bread many times and just have a large salad with fresh organic ingredients. Maybe one day they will add salads to the menu. The fact that they add almost vegetarian options is wonderful. With all of the fast food and chain restaurants around, I'm happy to frequent a place that tries to serve healthier, fresher, options. One thing they can improve upon is the fly situation. The flies do make contact with the cupcakes. If they were to keep the cupcakes in the display sealed, this would resolve that issue. But realize the fly situation is just as  bad at Joe's Farm Grill. It's due to the openness of the buildings, so there's no getting rid of them. But, you can cut down on them making contact with the food by keeping the desserts in a closed display. That little investment alone will put people at ease. Again, I've been to Joe's Farm Grill next door where I had to leave due to the flies. It's those open buildings. The best they can do is cut down by being extremely clean in picking up debris and adding a sealed upper display case so the flies don't have the opportunity to land on the desserts.As for the complaints about the kids from someone above, there are days that the kids are all over the place, which is what kids do. I don't have kids, so that can be unnerving. Depends on the time of day. It's not like that all the time. Also, this is a neighborhood of families, so what did you expect? Although it's wonderful for you to have this daydream of studying here or doing your business, it's a restaurant/coffee shop. It's going to have noise and activity. Frankly, I hate it when I see the place crowded and find that the students or business people with their laptops have monopolized the whole area though they are no longer eating or drinking. That table you're hogging could be used for someone else who will actually be eating their meal there. So, do your studying at home if it bothers you, or better yet, the library. All this being said, I still love going here as the people who work there are very nice and always greeting you with a positive vibe.
5	What I like about this lil cafe is that it's the perfect place to meet a friend for tea or a client for a business consultation. It has a nice size patio with comfy patio furniture and is surrounded by rose bushes. It has a calm, cozy vibe. The small patio on the other side of the restaurant has small table & chairs and is perfect for twosomes. Inside there is  a back room with leather couches & chairs and beautiful coffee tables made from tree stumps. The food is delicious and you can see the garden where some of the fresh ingredients come from. I think it's smart that they put a big, square table in the middle of the room as I see small groups gather around it for their meetings.On my last visit I had a vegetable omelette that was pretty tasty.I will definately be going back.
2	Looking at all the other fantastic reviews for this place I was really hoping for a better product. I bought 6 cupcakes for a birthday dinner (chocolate, chocolate oreo, red velvet, lemon, mixed berry, and coconut). I have to say that I was extremely disappointed by the taste, and texture of all of the flavors. The cupcakes were dry, dense, and had very little flavor. The overall presentation of the cupcakes was very cute, and they were decorated wonderfully, however that did not make up for the taste. After paying over $3 a cupcake I was really expecting something better. I was almost embarrassed to serve these to my friends and family. I will give it two stars because it was a nice little coffee shop in a great location. I can only base this review off of the cupcakes, I haven't tried any of their other food, but I sure do hope that the rest of their menu tastes better than their cupcakes.
4	This place is great.  Vegan Cupcakes = Dee-Lish!
4	Well now just conveniently located by joe' grill....a nice little coffee shop....the staff...well....good looking young kids serving you tasty cupcakes (one young buck had a crazy hairdo and seems like eye candy for the cougars). Anyways...gf and I got a whoopie cookie, red velvet, and a ginger cupcake......all delicious except i couldn't taste the ginger...she is saving it for work...booo. So good for family and emm...cougars and teeny boppers.
5	Quite possibly one of the cutest spots in Gilbert. I am surprised to see that it has some reviews under 5 stars!Quality food a drinks in a very cute a hipster setting. You walk into the main dining area with the ordering area on the left and cute wifi nook on the right. If you walk straight though there is great patio seating in a beautiful garden setting.Offering a variety of breakfasts, brunch & lunch options along with a wide variety of pastries and baked goods that change daily and some of the most yummy coffee drinks in the valley.Recommendations:Breakfast: The San DieganLunch: The Turkey ClubBaked Goods: Peanutbutter & Chocolate Chip Scone, Chocolate Chip Coffee Cake, Red Velvet Cupcake, Carrot Cake CupcakeCoffee: Black & White Mocha, MochaNut (Mocha w. Coconut) or Vanilla AmericanoThis place can get SUPER busy just like Joe's Farm Grill depending on the time of day and day of the week. Although they seem to pack in the business just about any time that they are open. This is a great place to bring friends or visiting family as it has WAY more atmosphere than you average coffee house! Everything that I have ever had is amazing! The Coffee Shop has also been featured on Cupcake Wars and was voted Best Cupcake in the East Valley. One thing is for sure the quality & consistency will keep you coming back!
2	I have heard so much about this place and wanted to try it.  Atmosphere is nice, seems like would be a great place to meet and hang out with friends for a visit and meal.  I ordered a breakfast special - a Chorizo, Egg and cheese burrito.  When I got my food, you seriously needed a magnifying glass to find the chorizo.  It was a very tastless egg and cheese burrito.Hubby had the open faced omelet, he said it was okay, but not great. (I had a bite of his, it had much more taste than mine).This is not a place we will frequent when we are HUNGRY.Guy F - you misled us this time!
5	I love this place!! They have the best mocha monsoon I have ever had and the best coconut whoopi pie - simply amazing.  The atmostphere is just as weonderful, quaint little gem to stumble upon.  A friend of mine brought me here a few months ago for the first time and now we are hooked!  We go all the time!! Fantastic little place, you wont regret going here.
1	I just visited The Coffee Shop which is part of Joe's Farm Grill in Gilbert and it was awful. The service was terrible (couldn't make a sandwich correctly and the restaurant was out of meats and bread) and the cupcakes are no better than store bought or box mix cupcakes. The owners lost twice on Cupcake Wars and now I know why. A tiny BLT and a Tuna sandwich (with maybe a tablespoon full of Tuna) with chips, two cokes and two small cupcakes were $30. I will not be going back to this place and I would recommend that you not waste your time or money.
5	The coffee is great. They won the cupcake wars.  The place is packed because the food is really good too.
5	One of our favorite places to go after the Cosmo Dog Park. Love the San Diegan.
5	I love coffee. I love coffee shops. My secret dream (not so secret now) is to one day have a coffee shop of my own. The Coffee Shop, across from the Agritopia gardens and Joe's Farm Grill, is what I aspire to. The coffee selection is vast and everything I've had tastes delicious. And if you, dear reader, do not like coffee and feel that one cup of coffee is indistinguishable from another then you would be very wrong.  Some establishments are very capable of making bad coffee. However, and thankfully, not The Coffee Shop. While I'm not the biggest fan of sweets I would still recommend partaking in one of the beautiful cupcakes offered here. Did I mention they are award-winning? Cupcake creators, Jessica Cuff and Jenna Flowers (sisters), won Cupcake Wars. I'm a creature of habit and so you'll find me sitting in one of the retro couches with my laptop, sipping a Spanish Latte and noshing down on a Tomato Basil sandwich (Mozzarella, mayo, tomato, basil, onion, avocado, feta, and Italian dressing on 9 grain bread).
5	A+ place for a quick breakfast.  I had pappa's breakfast burrito with a whole slew of stuff in it. Eggs, potatoes, bacon, salsa, sausage maybe?  It was very very good.  Eggs were cooked well and that flavor was great.  Thick cut bacon FTW (for the win).  Also had a small cookies and cream monsoon (frozen drink) and it was good as well.  Service was quick and polite with the food coming out quickly.  Atmosphere wasn't anything amazing but it was clean and not too loud.  The small is a bit small and can probably get crowded if there at peak time. My only complaint.. the place is clean.. however, there were flies, 3 or 4, all over us while we ate.  Just buzzing around, irritating the crap out of me.
5	Love this place. I can come here and get a quality meal with fresh ingredients. I have used them as my study haven. The San Diegen is my favorite breakfast item, but I have to admit I have not ordered much else since I love it so much. I have never had a bad sandwich from here either. When I have reached my study milestone I will treat myself to a sweet treat. They are a real down home establishment.
5	Love this place. Awesome cupcakes. Great location. The food is to die for. The cupcakes are amazing. You just bit into them and it's creamy. The bread in the cupcake is just right. I got a tuna sandwich. Soo yummy. I recommend this place if you love cupcakes and mellow atmosphere. This is your place. Did I mention their cupcakes won cupcake wars on the food network. Everything is just amazing here.
1	I stopped in here before a meeting to grab something to eat with my husband. We love the concept and the design is wonderful. The cupcakes look great but the vanilla one I had was awful. The frosting was made of cream cheese (they should have mentioned this somehow) and was a gorgeous sparkly pink. It had been in the fridge and was hard and stale and tasted like it hadn't been made with cake flour but all purpose, heavy and gluey flour.  My husband got the cobb wrap and it was sweet and he didn't care for it. I got an egg salad on a croissant, and the best thing about my lunch was the Frito's they added to the plate. They put in all kinds of stuff in the egg salad (were those dates?) and  I regretfully had to throw it away, along with my cupcake.The cupcakes look great, but save yourself the trouble, and don't.
5	Located right next to Joe's Farm Grill, this little cafe is as quaint and as charming as the rest of the Agritopia community. Posted up in a small wooden house, The Coffee Shop is home to Cupcake Wars winners and rightfully so. I ordered a Pink Glam and my friend got a Devils Food Cake cupcake, both were washed down with some very delightful iced coffee with vanilla. Never have I seen such nice wait staff at a cafe, these gals were so pleasant.The cupcakes were not your average cupcake either.Instead of one heaping lump of icing on top, frosting was swirled into 5-6 petals and dolloped on top and sprinkled with glitter on some. My cupcake was fit for a Barbie.The Coffee Shop had plenty of seating perfect for a solo wifi user, afternoon coffee date or a group of people gathering to catch up and enjoy a great lunch. We choose the outdoor seating which had a beautiful wooden canopy with vines and flowers. Everything was so picture-esque and I cannot wait to go back!
3	I stopped coming here after all the flies and unruly children but since it has been about a year, came back to see what may have changed.  Still has flies, children running between the tables, and it looks like there must be a discount if you bring a large stroller to take up what is left of the space between the tables.  Don't get me wrong, there are some quiet patrons here having lunch or whatnot and a few older children who remain in their seats but just a few.  I can't imagine getting any laptop work done at all in this place let alone read a book or study.Food:   It is nice that they bring it to the table, may take a while.  Nothing spectacular, a little pricey.  Cupcakes:  fly-ridden.  Cake part is not much to brag about, the flavor comes from the thick icing.  They look very pretty.  Have tried my fair share and still just meh.Ambiance:  nice patio, loud indoors and out.  A little quieter on the couches but not much.Service:  why is there always a line extending the length of the building, even if it is only three people ahead of you?  Really, you can stand closer than a car length to the  next person.  This is Gilbert, after all.Parking:  goodluck.  Don't even bother on a weekend.Overall:  if you want a place to let your toddlers run free then this place is for you.
4	I've been coming to the Coffee Shop for about 5 years.  I love the breakfast scrambles, haven't tried a cupcake (even though I watch Cupcake Wars) and always feel disappointed with the coffee.  I would LOVE it if there was a nice, rich dark roast coffee offered.  I usually end up with a luke warm coffee that gets thrown out after breakfast.  Even the espresso drinks are meh.  All in all, I gave 4 stars because the atmosphere rocks and I want them to succeed.  Please start catering to coffee drinkers!
5	Vegan breakfast have always been available to me at this friendly coffee shop upon request, but now they have incredibly tasty options on the actual menu! Their vegan cupcakes are one of my motivational tools, when I need an extra push forward I allow myself one after the goal is achieved.  It can get busy so if you are in a hurry, don't panic at the line, the friendly and efficient service staff will get everyone's order taken and made before you can absorb all the local color on display.
4	This place is actually a cafe with a good selection of breakfast and lunch sandwiches (really good) and breakfast burritos (huge but I haven't tried them yet). Pretty fun atmosphere and fast Wi-Fi so I usually sit down and work a couple hours.Minus one star for the plague of flies in that area. There are often 3-4 aggressive flies buzzing around the place. If they could get rid of the flies somehow (lasers perhaps) it would be a favorite place of mine.
5	Another great coffee shop :) This one is perched amidst the fields of Agritopia, and the building itself is actually an old tractor shed. Once more, a "Joe's" project that has a retro/modern industrial feel. The dining room has a nice amount of tables and chairs and there is a sitting room at the back with some comfy couches and coffee tables - definitely a cozy spot. The large patio is lovely when the weather is right and the surrounding foliage keeps it from befalling the "parking lot effect" that so many Arizona patios face (parking lot effect definition: a great patio that is spoiled by a view of parked cars, smells of exhaust, and sounds of traffic - those things the Coffee Shop is NOT, thank goodness) They have an awesome bakery counter (My favorite thing!) Try to get there in the morning for some DELICIOUS muffins, which are shaped like little loaves instead of like traditional muffins. I always try to find random seasonal flavors that aren't always there - the best one I've had was a strawberry lemon poppyseed muffin - to die for! Also high marks to the cinnamon roll, a peanut butter chocolate scone, and any of the cupcakes. The cookies and whoopie pies are hit and miss - they look adorable but don't quite stand up to the other offerings. The food-food is also great - again, my preference is breakfast and we always share the Papas Breakfast Burrito (with eggs, bacon, potatoes, and salsa) as it is HUGE and definitely large enough for two, particularly if you're also getting a pastry. I've tried the Turkey Cranberry sandwich at lunchtime and it was tasty as well. I have not actually had their coffee, but my sister and grandmother, who are both connoisseurs, swear by it so I feel comfortable recommending that as well. As for me, I'm usually ordering a big glass of fresh OJ. I wish that they were open later (they close at 8 or 9pm most nights, 4pm on Sundays) - its the type of place I often think of for a late night snack and coffee once I've put the little one to bed and I'm always disappointed to remember they're already closed!Lastly, as of my last visit with my son they did NOT have a changing table in the women's bathroom. Considering the large numbers of families/moms who frequent the shop, it really seems like a given and I was a bit shocked that they didn't have one - I ended up toting my son and what was left of my meal out to my SUV to change his diaper in the back, which doesn't exactly match up to the serene coffee shop experience I'm planning on when I come out to the Coffee Shop :)
5	Just had breakfast and it was great. This place is top notch in my book I will have to come back here more often. Not to busy and a very friendly staff.
4	Obviously the cupcakes are famous- but I come here for coffee and a quick bite to eat if I want to enjoy the trees and shade. The building used to be a post office, and now it is surrounded by farming, and different types of flora and fauna. I enjoyed a spinach, feta, and tomato omelette the last time I visited. Tasted fresh. There really is a difference in taste when you buy local, compared to an omelette at Denny's. The coffee shop has good coffee, but you can expect prices a little higher than Starbucks. Most of the desserts are delicious. I still haven't tried a cupcake, but that's because I don't care for sparkly cupcakes... Just not my thing.
5	This is one of my favorite hang outs in Gilbert. The coffee is tasty, the atmosphere is relaxing, the cupcakes are deliciousness...and the food is surprisingly yummy and filling. Here's a little tip, they service quiche, breakfast burritos, oatmeal, etc etc. So, when the line is long at Joe's, don't fret, walk right over to The Coffee Shop and order up in no time. The staff is really helpful and they offer TONS (did I say tons? I meant it) of non coffee drinks for you silly caffeine abstainers. The lemonade is tart and sweet and so right.
5	I went there because they won cupcake wars, I honestly thought they were a cupcake and coffee shop.. no no.. they are soooo much more. I fell in love with the place The staff is so friendly, the cupcakes were divine (yes I said divine, nothing bad to say at all) the place is was clean and very urbanesque (I just made up a new word)the coffee was really good. If they were not clear in Gilbert I'd go there often. They are next to Joe's which the lines are insane, but the hidden gem is The Coffee Shop.
5	Oh my, I love the coffee shop! Best chai in gilbert and my has my favorite southwest chicken salad/sandwiche. SO good!
5	The cupcakes!  Oh, the cupcakes.I frequent Joe's but always passed over this place.  I work at a coffee shop so I just wasn't interested.  I'm so glad I stopped in...the red velvet cupcake was to die for.  Seriously.  When I think cupcakes, I think airy and light... super sweet.  This one was dense.  Every bite made me so happy.  My little sister & I split one... I really didn't want to share, it was that good & rich.I also had a Spanish Latte... which was delicious.  I'm sort of an annoying coffee snob so I was surprised that I liked it so much.Yum.
5	Love, love, LOVE! Vegan cupcakes to make anybody's taste buds smile :)
5	I am delighted to have this place within walking distance of my house. It's a great place to have brunch with the neighbors, meet a friend for lunch, or just kill some time while you wait for your cleaning ladies to finish up.I get iced coffee a lot, and I appreciate the stevia packets nearby since they dissolve quickly. Their chai is very good, more sweet than spicy. Breakfast is wonderful especially since they added some new menu items like the rosa sandwich with egg whites and pesto. I also love the vegan benedict. They really know how to season and cook tofu properly. The San Diegan is everyone's favorite; I sub avocado for bacon.Lunch is great too. The tomato basil sandwich is one of the best veggie sandwhiches I've ever had. I often make my own version at home during the summer. The vegan taco salad wrap is killer too. I gave half to a meat and potatoes coworker, and he loved it! My husband and neighbor both love the turkey cranberry sandwich and order it almost every time we go.They are known for their desserts for good reason. Scones are my favorite, perhaps because they contain an almost lethal amount of butter. The vegan red velvet cupcake is much better than the one at Sprinkles. I'm sure that it helps that it's made by an actual vegan (one of the co-owners).  I was hesitant to try the coffee and cigarettes cupcake, but my curiosity finally got to me. I was surprised how much I liked it. It was like a more flavorful and complex vanilla. I've never smoked so I couldn't taste the tobacco, but my husband said the tobacco flavor is there.
5	One of my favorite places. Good food, cute ambiance and lovely cupcakes, who could ask for anything more?
3	I have been coming here for quite some time as it was the only coffee shop in this area.  The atmosphere is AMAZING!   It is located in Agritopia next to Joe's Farm Grill and the gardens and orchards of Agritopia.  The surroundings are very calming and serene, especially for Phoenix.  The patio is very nice with shaded areas and tables with umbrellas, there is a lot of seating available outdoors for when the weather is nice enough and also inside seating is adequate. The music is luck of the draw.  We are here sometimes when the music is more main stream and it is good, but depending on who is working, you make get the worst mix of music you can imagine.  There have literally been times when the music was so depressing and electronically mind numbing that I have had to get up and leave or try to find some ear plugs.  I am not talking about standard coffee shop music either!  I have definitely had times when I needed to plug into my own tunes when I am there alone.  As far as being there with someone you are trying to converse with and not having the option to close off from the music it is all I can do to just try to tune it out.Now for the coffee and food portion of the review.  The coffee is very average, in fact the it is luck of the draw also as to if the espresso drinks are going to be bitter and burnt.  Most of the barista's have had little to no training and are just guessing at correct method on pulling the espresso.  I have had a couple who obviously knew more about it and can make a great espresso, but unfortunately, that is not usually the case.  So as far as the coffee portion of this place, I would give a huge thumbs down.  The food on the other hand is quite good.  I have had many items from both the breakfast menu and the lunch menu and I am always happy with the food.  Most of the prices are in-line with similar restaurants, but a few things are a little pricey in my opinion.  My favorite item on the menu, along with many others is the Santa Fe, and the Friday Fish Tacos.The baked items are very good, with the exception of the cupcakes.  Don't get me wrong, they are still good, in fact very good flavors and choices.  Also the cupcakes are far superior to most of the ones I have tried from the local cupcake shops!  Occasionally they are not as fresh as I would like.  When they are fresh they are superior to most that I have had.  They have real flavor in both the cupcake and the icing, where I think some cupcake stores rely on the flavor of the frosting carrying the cupcakes.Bottom line is if you are a true coffee connoisseur, and you are looking for a good coffee drink, this place is a no good!  If you are looking for atmosphere, good food, and average coffee, then this is your place.  Good luck with the luck of the draw on both the barrista and the music choice of the moment.
5	One of the best coffee shops I've ever been to. The outdoor sitting area is splendid. Birds everywhere, and a beautiful little garden area to look at. It's absolutely lovely. Tried their cinnamon roll cupcake and it was delicious.
5	I love this place! Green tea with mango is absolutely fantastic! Great cupcakes and atmosphere.
5	I absolutely love the coffee shop! I've had several different coffee beverages and they've all been fantastic....and recently I had the devils food (I think that was the name) cupcake.....absolute heaven in a cupcake. It was so moist and the frosting was delicious. Highly recommend this place. Great for meetings as well.
4	I began my first visit to The Coffee Shop having the intention of ordering the same drink I get no matter where I go, an iced white chocolate mocha. But something caught my eye - a Scotch Kiss Latte? Inquiring minds wanted to know, what does this fantastically named drink contain? I was informed by the barista that it is a white chocolate mocha PLUS butterscotch...say no more, I was sold!My iced Scotch Kiss Latte was amazing, it was like losing my coffee virginity all over again. The espresso was highlighted perfectly by the smooth white chocolate with a hint of sweet butterscotch. What made it all the more enjoyable was the mid morning serenity of strolling around Agritopia's gardens.
5	I have been going to The Coffee Shop since they opened their doors. I absolutely love the cozy atmosphere, and lively setting. I never have to give my name when ordering because they always remember who I am. The food is so delicious.,the cupcakes are unique in taste, and addicting! I love the breakfast burritos as well. My kids also love going, and have grown up enjoying all the different things they have to offer. you cant go wrong!
5	Great Vegan Cupcakes and Rich Delicious CoffeeWhat makes this  place great? the ambiance The coffee shop provides customers with a peaceful, easy going vibe. It is the perfect place to study or meet with a friend. Outside their is a community garden, which is a great place for a stroll Highly recommend this place for a Lunch/Breakfast or just a quick coffee fix.
5	Coffee - cheaper and better than the competition.  Americano is my go-to.Food - I've only had the club on sourdough(!) and chocolate chip cookies - both are excellent.Atmosphere - nice.  Couches inside and a great patio overlooking the farms at Agritopia.This is my favorite coffee shop in the east valley - hands down.
5	Atmosphere - Great!Service - Great!Veggie Sandwich! - AMAZING....hands down the freshest sandwich I have every eaten.
3	Before I go any further, this is a 3.5 rating, not a full 4.... I did enjoy hanging out here, but a few things could be improved.Arrived on an early Sunday afternoon and it was quite busy... long line to order food.  I had a plain bagel with cream cheese and it wasn't anything special.  I *was* going to get coffee (duh, I'm in a coffee shop) but I'm trying to take it easy on the caffeine.. so I had a pomegranate tea.  We were here for quite a long time, so before I left, I took a cupcake to-go.Price to Flavor: for a local, family run, coffee shop, they are on the not-so-cheap side... 3$ for a cupcake, just under $3 for a single-refill tea and about the same for a plain bagel with basic cream cheese... that's a lot for what I got.  Granted, their cupcake was freaking delicious and the tea was tasty...Staff: fast, chipper, but with an air of "you're not cool enough to be here or for me to acknowledge you".. yeah, I think that's what stuck to me the most.. it was a bit of a snobby staff.  Maybe I'm just used to more down to earth service from the family that runs these businesses.Everything else was nice.. ambiance is nice and relaxing.. open.  The back room has couches to lounge in and that's nice, but the place is supposed to be a coffee place and it felt pretty crowded and noisy with families and couples eating and not necessarily relaxing and having a coffee.  You get a more 'coffee shop' feel from other area coffe shops...I think the staff attitude and the "hipster" air they put out just was more off-putting than I expected from a local run small business that is NOT in Tempe or Scottsdale.. come on, gimme a break.
4	The atmosphere is great! The coffee isn't the best in Phoenix but it's not bad. It's the best coffee we have found outside of Central Phoenix.I thought the staff was nice and friendly. They seemed like local kids.The food was decent. It was a little bit oily but not bad.
5	One of my favorite places to spend time.  Large coffee shop with seating inside and out, free wifi so I can study or get some work done.  Drinks are good and like the rest of the menu on the high end price-wise without being ridiculous.  This place has been featured on Food Network for their cupcakes and they are indeed delicious.  The menu ranges from breakfast items like burritos and omelets to sandwiches at lunch.  It's usually busy but not chaotic and even the occasional longish lines go fairly quickly.
4	The food was ok, i've gotten better breakfast burritos from other places, however i just love the ambience in this place. So nice to eat breakfast and sip coffee outside on the patio. Last time i was here, all the rose bushes were in full bloom.
4	All menu items are excellent!
1	Burrito with chorizo had far too much chorizo. I requested light chorizo yet it was so overloaded I couldn't see or taste the egg. Wondering why they say they will make it with light chorizo and yet they never do. I'd prefer you mention up front if there is no possibility in decreasing the amount used..... This prevents setting one up for disappointment.
3	First of all, this place is great if you're a vegan living in Gilbert. Their vegan cupcakes are good, but a little pricey. However, their vegan taco wrap is just awesome! It's typically packed on the weekends so be sure to plan accordingly. During the week, it's a great place to study and you can usually find a seat. Maybe they could expand the back porch and put fans in or A/C? Also, when its busy, you have to be sure to keep an eye on your drink order as it may disappear. The employees are always nice! For a local spot in Gilbert, its pretty neat hangout!
5	Best coffee shop I've been to in the Phoenix area.  I guess I'd call it more of a "cafe" since they serve (delicious) food in addition to their coffee.The coffee itself is not as good as someplace like Cartel, but the atmosphere, wait staff, and food are superb.  Situated in the middle of an agricultural center, the grounds are kept very lush and green, which is a great reprieve from the desert-scape we're surrounded by.  It's my favorite place to come and read or get work done, and has been a fun place to meet new people.  On Saturdays and Sundays, especially in the morning, the place is packed and lively, generally with a "younger" crowd.
4	This place is so yummy.  They serve lunch type foods too which are pretty good, but it's the cupcakes and atmosphere that you need to go for!  I took my friend the other day and she doesn't even like cake, and hates frosting and she devoured two cupcakes!  Only real complaint is the parking which is insanely tight in front, my friend parked in back though and said it was fine so I guess I need to start parking there.
4	Love this place, yummy BIG breakfast burritos!!! Friendly staff and fresh yummy food. The only thing I wish theyd do is to get fly/bee traps, not fun swishing flies and bees off your food the whole time out on patio. Other than that its a nice ambiance and we will go often.
5	the best cupcakes!
4	Being winners of the Cupcake Wars, I had to try this place.  I had their lemon cupcake and it was very yum!  I also had their chocolate mint whoopie and that was good too!  Can't wait to go back and try more flavors!
4	Great little fun place with awesome Atmosphere, great coffee, Danishes, and other real good things!
5	Absolutely love this place.  Love the coffee and pastries, the lemon basil scone is my favorite although they don't make them as often as they used too. My son's on a very restriced diet so the vegan cupcakes are his favorite. I never been disappointed by any of the lunch sandwiches. I usually go mid morning through the week to meet a friend or just take my Kindle and grab a table outside in the shade (during the cooler months). Nothing beats sitting on their patio with a great cup of coffee and a good read.
5	I absolutely love The Coffee Shop! The breakfast and sandwiches are so tasty and fresh. The desserts are amazing and I love the variety. To top it off, the coffee and drinks are great! Plus, the atmosphere is super chill.
5	Good place to wait to meet people at Joe's farm gill.  Good ice coffee that's what mattters !
5	Along with Cartel, this is my favorite coffee shop in the entire metro Phoenix area. Enthusiastic and friendly service, great coffee, and a beautifully made breakfast burrito. If it wasn't a little out of the way I would be spending quite a bit of time/money here.
4	a nice place for breakfast outside on a fall morning. Had the All America (it was Veterans Day) and really liked the bacon. Didnt get to try the baked goods.
4	Nice place. Outdoor seating is great under trees and surrounded by birds. It gets very crowded on the weekend. This place offers food ad well as drinks. The music on Saturday mornings trends to be a bit hip hoppie. , if you wait a little longer, you'll enjoy the relaxing atmosphere and worry music once the crowd leave
5	If you're a fan of Agritopia in Gilbert, you'll love this cute place. With the most delicious cupcakes you'll EVER taste (winner of Food Network Cupcake Wars!), and a vast assortment of healthy, fresh menu items, this is the place to be! Free wi-fi and great garden view! Located next to Joe's Farm Grill and very affordable. You'll feel like you've spent the day in the countryside as you sip coffee, browse the web, chat with locals, munch on delectable sandwiches and enjoy a relaxing outing!
5	Best start to my days and always a favorite amongst visiting family and friends. Can't beat the cupcakes or breakfast! Also a great place to drink coffee, relax, hangout or study.
5	This is a great coffee shop.  The coffee is good and my wife really likes their vanilla latte.  Their food is outstanding.  Yogurt with fruit and granola rocks!  They make their own granola and you can taste the difference.  Breakfasts are solid form their All American to their San Diegan.  Their waffles are great too! The wife loves their sandwiches.  Always fresh.  This place gets crowded and seating can be an issue. The staff is always nice and in a good mood.  Great local coffee option in a town where there is not enough good options.
2	We used to go here all the time and loved the concept and neighborly feel.  Then it felt like the owners started to not put in much effort in training the staff & caring about the customers.  Our orders were continually messed up and staff seemed clueless and sometimes rude. We felt it was too expensive to continue to be disappointed so we stopped going.
5	I gave up coffee about 2 years ago.. most of the coffees I drink now a days make me jittery because its too strong.  The Coffee Shop has such good coffee, kind of like a mix between tea+coffee! I atmosphere is really nice and open.  We ordered their American Breakfast and chorizo burrito.  American Breakfast- eggs were cooked to perfection and the wheat bread was so good, not dry like most kinds.  Chorizo burrito- overall really good but too much potato.  Should opt for no potato next time.  I liked it so much I told my boyfriend we have to come for brunch this weekend!
2	Normally it's a pleasant experience.I ordered a veggie omelette that was delivered with a bug in the greens. When I brought it up to the kid at the register he replied with,"Yeah, it's because we pick them fresh...it happens"I agreed, it does happen.  No apology given though.I was asked if I'd like something else, I ordered a sand which that never came but my girlfriend had the same sand which so we split it, and it was tasty.But, mine never came.I went back up to ask about it and was met with, "well we made it"Ok great, congrats...but where is my sandwich? At this point I am HANGRY (hungry+angry). After some shuffling around the same kid from earlier grabs cash from the register and says, "here's your money back, have a good one".Still no apology...From a person who dines out often and is a proud foodie...just offer an apology and ask for an opportunity to get it right. The food and ambiance is enjoyable, but not enough to make up for a lack of basic manners and personality.
4	Ordered a caramel macchiato and a bagel. I have to say this is the absolute best bagel I have ever had. It didn't look like anything special but 1 bite told me this was not store bought.  It was soft and fluffy almost like a croissant.  It did take around 10 minutes to get the bagel but after tasting it I didn't mind. The staff was courteous and polite. I will definitely be bringing my friends here.
5	*I've written a review for this place in the past, but that was about a year and a half ago, so I feel it's a good idea to revisit and revise.*I've been frequenting The Coffee Shop for a year and a half now, at a rate of close to three times a week (sometimes more, sometimes less). Since becoming a regular, I've gotten to know the staff and their names, and they know exactly what I want every time I come in; although, that's pretty simple, as it's just a medium black coffee. Given that their drip system is a fairly standard one, you can expect the same brew every time. While I would love it if they went a bit more high-end in their regular coffee brewing, I can't complain too much. They source their beans from Mr. Espresso, which is based out of California. Would I prefer it to be something a little more local? Yes, especially given that most of their other ingredients for food is locally sourced; but again, this is a relatively minor quibble. If you choose to go the espresso route with a latte, cappuccino, etc., then you'll more than likely be satisfied. My guess is that most of the customers who frequent here wouldn't consider themselves to be coffee snobs, so I never really overhear much complaining on their part. The Coffee Shop's ace in the hole, however, is their cupcakes. While I'm not a cupcake critic, I've never been anything less than pleased with what they have to offer. You'll find an assortment of unique and endearing choices, from Birthday Cake Cupcake to blueberry scones, and more. My personal favorite is the Red Velvet Cupcake, but I've also tried their signature item: Coffee & Cigarettes. While the name isn't the most appealing, it's what won them an episode of The Cupcake Wars, and I can see why. Aside from sweets, they offer a pretty decent menu of healthy sandwhiches and wraps. However, if you can, go in the morning and grab something from their breakfast menu, such as The San Diegan. This open faced omelette will literally open your face with delight (whatever that means). The only real drawback to The Coffee Shop can be summed up in the immortal words of Yogi Berra, "Nobody goes there anymore. It's too crowded." Given that it's situated on an idealic urban farm that tends to play home to the more hip and socially conscious crowd of Gilbert, you can expect to have to deal with long lines and relatively little seating due to the sheer number of humans. The inside decor and vibe is pretty open and rustic, as it's a converted tractor barn, complete with concrete walls, an open aired dining and seating area situated between two walls of near floor-to-ceiling windows, and a backroom filled with comfortable couches and chairs. The natural light poors in nicely, though it can create a bit of a glare at certain times of the day. Seating is available outside, but on hot summer days you'll probably have to fistfight someone for a spot indoors. Since it's also a coffee shop, you'll more than likely see idiots like me taking up a table for inordinate amounts of time while slowly sipping on their brew and typing away on their devices. That's just how it is, so be prepared and ready. Besides, if you're just getting a drink, you can always grab your beverage and take a nice walk through the beautiful urban farm area and enjoy nature a little. Your mom always says you need to get outside more. In all, The Coffee Shop is one of the best destinations for food, coffee, and hanging out in the East Valley. Does it have its areas it could improve on? Of course; nearly every establishment does. However, there's a reason I come here most days to do my writing, so they're definitely doing something right.
4	The coffee is pretty good and the place is always busy. There are always pretty girls here, but it can have the pretentious vibe too. The food isnt bad either, but i can only speak for breakfast.
4	This place is great. I had breakfast here and service was quick! The food and pastries were good. Everyone was friendly. If I am ever in this side of Arizona, I'll make sure to drop by again! I would recommend it.
4	Cute location and the food was great. There was a long line to order when we arrived that I assumed would go pretty quickly - it didn't. No idea why it took so long for people to place their orders, but apparently, that is a super slow process for people who live in this area. : ) However, our food came out in about five minutes which made up for it. I got the Mediterranean scramble which was delicious and came with perfectly dressed greens. My husband had the Imperial omelette and it was also delicious. The side of fruit was wonderfully sweet and service was great. A great place to have a nice, inexpensive breakfast!
5	I love love love this place!!! My family and I love the Cup Cakes. My favorite is the chocolate peanut butter. The topping is a peanut butter frosting adorned with chocolate sprinkles. No mistaking peanut butter in this frosting. The cake is chocolate yum and super moist! I've also had the red velvet, vanilla glam and the coconut. All are great! They also serve other sweet treats which I'm tempted to try but the cup cakes always reel me in first! The atmosphere and friendly staff is great too!The only con is....it's super busy...hard to find parking on weekends but worth the wait!
4	If I was reviewing only the sandwiches here I'd give them a 5 star review! The sandwiches here are the best. They make them with super fresh, the breads are great, and they simply put together great combinations of ingredients. You cannot go wrong with the sandwich option. The pastries are also fantastic! Everything from the scones to muffins are delicious! Unfortunately, the breakfast burritos and coffee are just mediocre (ironic when it is called the coffee shop).My recommendation is to come here for lunch. It is a wonderful spot for lunchtime!
5	My favorite local place for espresso, breakfast with friends, or a lunch date with my sweetie and pooch (porch is dog friendly).  My favorite coffee drink is their Scotch Kiss Latte and my second favorite is the Caramel Macchiato.  Their cupcakes are also a fun treat!  We really like their Red Velvet.  Great place and very friendly!
5	My husband says "Yelp reviews are great at this coffee shop". Let's Go - so glad we did. Good food, comfortable atmosphere- awesome.
1	Have been literally coming here for years. Always loved the owner Jessica Cuff and her sis. Well i have been in about three tomes in these last months, bringing new people with me each time. Again, the staff seems like they are doing you a favor by serving you. Great food and drinks. So its sad. But i thought at least the owner was nice. But now even she seems unfriendly and sour when I have said hello. Maybe the attitude is pervasive? I don't know, but this place needs a new vibe of the warm friendlies. Customer service is everything, not hipster snob..... Too bad. Great little concept, great products. Maybe they are all just really burnt out or bored? I dunno but it definitely is sad to see the change. You'd think if you'd been going somewhere since day one they'd be excited to see you????? Adios coffee shop. There are too many other places with less attitude.
5	Great coffee, awesome staff, trendy place. Definitely recommend the cupcakes and the cookies. The outdoor area is a nice little place that you can relax with a cup of coffee over a chit chat. Joes farm grill is across the greenfield which is also pretty awesome. try the spanish latte
5	This place is a gem!  It's nestled between Joe's Farm Grill and the Agritopia urban farm.  Small inside--tends to fill up rather quickly during peak hours--but there is lots of great outdoor seating which you can take advantage of during the 355/356 days of beautiful weather here in Arizona ;) Pretty much everything I've tried here is good.  Great breakfast and lunch sandwiches, drinks, and baked goods.  The fo-nuts (baked donuts) are literally to die for!  They're my fave thing here.  I'm not a fan of the cupcakes, although they are adorably cute--all decked out with glittery frosting etc.  They were a bit too dry and hard for my liking...but maybe I just went on an off day.This is a great place to study, meet friends to chat, or just sit by yourself and read the paper or a good book.  Cool, moody music is usually playing.  Young, hipster kids work the counter.  It's nice to have a local coffee shop/bakery that doesn't scream "corporate America."
5	Oh Coffee Shop, I have a big 'ol crush on you. From your gorgeous patio to your extensive menu to your 2nd date-friendly vibe, you have it all. And I just wish I could make you a part of my every day life, but I won't make it weird and just keep our relationship on an every other weekend basis.The Coffee Shop is tucked into the Agritopia community and sits next door to Joe's Farm Grill and in front of what I think is a community garden, but maybe is just the land that Agritopia grows their stuff on (and then sells at farmers markets!). Anyway, it's a nice picturesque setting that kind of makes me feel like I'm not in Arizona anymore. I hate to use the word obsessed, but well, I'm obsessed with patios. Nothing beats that outdoor dining experience and TCS has one of the best. The back patio has a lot of natural shading and is surrounded by rose bushes, cacti and other beautiful plants and foliage. There is more seating in the back than the front, but it can get packed during high volume times (i.e. Saturday/Sunday brunch), so be prepared to wait OR take up a seat inside at one of the communal tables or the fun living room-style seating area on the opposite end of the register.TCS has a variety of coffee beverages (Spanish latte anyone?), teas, juices, sandwiches, wraps, breakfast foods and desserts. My most favorite thing that I've had here is the chorizo breakfast burrito which is the absolute perfect mix of mexican chorizo, eggs and cheese in a soft possibly homemade flour tortilla. It's enough to split between two people and comes with a side of green salsa. I guess my only wish (which applies to pretty much every coffee place) is that they offer smaller savory options like quiche, ham/cheese croissants, etc.It has all of the hallmarks of a local business: good service, ambience, attention to detail, a strong focus on quality, all of which facilitate customer loyalty. This isn't by far the closest coffee spot to me, but I'm happy to drive out of my way, spend a few extra bucks and get an experience that I'm really not going to get anywhere else. So TCS, I'm gonna keep crushing on you. Hope you're ok with that.
5	This place is a weekly stop for me.  I love the California club!  Coffee is great and the dessert selections are always amazing.  If you're in Gilbert off Ray and Higley you must stop here.  Off peak hours are the best times to go to avoid the long line.  Breakfast is also a great option here.
5	I think we have tried almost everything at this place.  From the cupcakes to the coconut cream moon pies.  Not only is the food really good, the atmosphere is fun and relaxed.
5	My mom and I came here for coffee and sweets after enjoying a nice breakfast at Joes Farm House. As we walked in we were overcome by the delicious coffee aroma! It was my moms birthday so she picked out a beautiful looking expresso cupcake. I asked the women working the register what I should get and she picked out a coconut cookie thing, I don't really remember what it was called. But it was GREAT. Coconut is my favorite and it also had chocolate chips in it! I also order some chai tea. It was so lovely and refreshing! All in all, this place is a perfect for a nice, relaxing morning with a cup of coffee and tasteful pastry.
5	I've been going to the coffee shop for years and can't say anything bad about this place at all. Not even when I tipped my chair back and fell upside down into the rose bushes and several strangers had to pull me out. I still wanted more! My nieces come to lick the frosting off the to die for cupcakes- no really, what is in that frosting? And I enjoy the open face omelets and chai. I moved 25 miles away and still drive there for brunch on the weekends. Skip going next door to the Farm Grill even though that's where they say to go and eat at the coffee shop instead. You won't be sorry.
4	Service is always so dang slow here. Food is pretty good yet overpriced. I think I keep coming back out of convenience and the nice outdoor seating area
3	This is a really great place for a coffee. However, they don't make any effort to find you when your coffee is ready so you need to keep checking if you're sitting outside.
3	Just a quick coffee rant now that I'm all jacked up on caffeine....the drink "Cubano" may be just a tad misleading, just a tad. So please be patient with someone when they ask if it is indeed Cuban coffee. Please don't get a slight hint of attitude, someone could easily think just by the name alone they would be getting actual Cuban coffee that they adore and not just 2 shot of espresso. Other than that, it is adorable in there! Time to go chase squirrels.
5	We walk here as a family of 5 EVERY SATURDAY (literally) and usually hit it once or twice more during the week for a coffee or tea. Easily the best breakfast place in the east valley. The pastries are unreal, all freshly baked. They have vegan and dairy free options all over the place. The owners didn't win the show "Cupcake Wars" for nothing. The baked goods really are over-the-top good. I go with the TJ open face omelet, no dairy typically and I'm never disappointed. My wife likes the Papas Grande burrito and our three kids usually devour the chorizo breakfast burrito. Very unique vibe, tons if outdoor seating, and fantastically fresh, organic coffee. Just go here and you'll be hooked...and we will see each other on Saturday's!
5	I crave their iced soy lattes, I dream about them, I wish everywhere else made them as spectacular as The Coffee Shop, and I wish even more that there were even more of these places (for my convenience of course!).  I would go here every single day if I could.  I love everything about this place, the atmosphere, the drinks, the everything.  Ok now I probably need to get in my car and go get some coffee....
4	I love this place, I eat here at least once a week. Great food, drinks, ambience, and the best cupcakes you will ever have. The only thing they need to change if their ordering system. They hand write your order on a post it note and then walk the note over to the kitchen and then ring your order on an ipad. They need to get a pos system so they can simply ring the order in on the ipad and it goes directly to the kitchen. The current process takes way too long and is seriously frustrating since there is always a long line of people waiting to order.
4	The blonde barista this morning made half my drink and then the phone rang. She answered it, then walked away and started putting together a dozen cupcakes. She just needed to add ice and hand my drink to me! I asked cashier & she said it just needed ice but did nothing to fix it. 3 minutes later cashier added ice and handed it to me. Blonde was still clueless. Now I'm late to work. It's still a great coffee and we patronize them. Just make sure employees are attentive.
4	Awesome atmosphere to grab a coffee with someone and hatch out some conversation, and digging into your homework. Amazing food always being served here that the Coffee Shop.  The award winning cupcakes are a must have in every visit. I love the homemade touch and all organic ingredients that is in every meal here. The only downside is the attentiveness of the employees and friendliness as well. Other than that, another great experience at the Coffee Shop.
3	I've been here dozens of times and always liked the atmosphere.  However, the coffee has really gone downhill it seems.  Not sure if the beans are over roasted or the baristas just don't know what their doing.  Incredibly bitter coffee drinks during the last month or two.  Go to Cartel is you want to see what it should taste like.  The baked goods are tasty but they always have a serious issue with flies.  Get a handle on the flies please.  It's just disgusting, especially with cupcakes sitting out in the open.
3	Nice atmosphere, but if you stay there on the patio past closing they play the most vulgar gangster rap- I guess that's how they shoo customers away.
5	Love this place!  Best waffle I've ever had!  Great coffee!  Love the fresh ingredients!  Breakfast burritos are good as well.  My favorite breakfast spot in Gilbert.
5	I am a coffee junky! I have only had the opportunity to try a few things from this gem of a place and everything was delightful; my fave so far is their iced chi (and the fact that they serve almond milk is a big plus too)! Beverages aside, their food is to die for! A perfect haunt for breakfast or lunch; everything is so fresh and full of flavor. Whether it's a breakfast burrito, refreshing salad or a tasty bakery treat everything is perfectly prepared and delivered to your table with a smile :)
5	The Coffee Shop is a favorite for our family! They have Delicious food & amazing coffee, teas & baked Goods! The staff is always friendly & fast!
4	Food is really good. It does get crowded on the weekends. I especially love the little farm stand outside of the coffee house on Saturday. Try the oro blanco grapefruit from said stand.
4	Good food and a really cool atmosphere. The breakfast burritos are really good but pretty pricey. Local haunt always busy but worth the wait. Bring your dog to the patio as its pet friendly.
4	Another hipster coffee shop - cute atmosphere right next to Joe's Farmgrill.  Decent regular coffee.
5	We love having a local coffee shop with actually delicious coffee drinks! The quality of the beans, correct preparation of the drinks, including the equipment used, and knowledgeable baristas to prepare the drinks is key. Garrett is the best- he makes them beautiful as well as delicious! The food is also incredible: homemade granola, pappas grande burrito with eggs, bacon, potatoes and cheese (and their amazing tortillas!), many sandwiches and wraps with your choice of breads.The sweets case is full of scones, cupcakes, and cookies, too. Sitting outside in cool weather is a treat, as they have a rose garden, and potted flowers, and it's quiet, as it's not right on the street like many coffee shops. The line on the weekend shows, it's worth the wait- so come early to avoid the line! Or come on a weekday!
1	My first time walking in with my husband, it was a great atmosphere and a calming ambiance. When I walked up to the counter to order, I couldn't help but to browse at the different pasteries, cup cakes, and sweets they had displayed. As I took a closer look, there were a HANDFUL of flies landing all over the baked goods and sweets. I told the cashier who helped me first thing. All the cashier did was walk over, shoo the flies away, and proceeded to take people's orders. Not only did she not do anything to continue to repel the flies, but she failed to even let anyone know that they needed to be switched out. This is not only unsanitary, but it is a red flag to me that profits off of goods infested with flies is more important than  customer's well-being. I had to warn the ladies who were ordering in front of me to take a closer look at the display. They too, were disgusted and ended up walking out of the shop. Did the cashier or anyone in the back kitchen proceed to do anything? Absolutely not. It is astonishing that they would rather lose customers than to be concerned of the quality and cleanliness of their food. I hope that who ever decides to go into The Coffee Shop that they should keep a close eye on their food and the swarms of flies that land on it. So ridiculous and DISGUSTING.
4	We recently moved out of Gilbert and this is literally the only place I miss. We would come here weekly for their fantastic sandwiches and savory breakfasts. The California Club was always a standout. All of the ingredients taste so fresh and so well put together. And I love that they always put chips on the plate! The selection varies, so you never knew if you were gonna get Fritos or Ruffles that day. The TJ omelet with its chorizo, sour cream, and potatoes was so addicting! My other faves were any of the breakfast sandwiches, the breakfast burrito (must get!), and the turkey havarti sandwich. Really, you can't go wrong with anything you order here. I haven't tried many of the coffee drinks because once I had the Spanish Latte, I was hooked! It's really better warm, though, so I had to miss out on it during the summer months. But it's so sweet and delicious!The cupcakes are phenomenal too. Order one. You won't be sorry!This place is ALWAYS busy (and for good reason). I just wish they had more registers open and more people to help out because the line can hit the back of the restaurant. There never seems to be any urgency in the staff. It's also a little frustrating when you place a pickup order, you have to get in that line to pick up your previously ordered food. So your food could be sitting there for 10-15 minutes just waiting for you to get to the front of the line. Not really convenient when you're in a hurry and just need to grab-and-go. Sometimes the water jug is totally empty and there's no one available to refill it. Hence the need for more help. You have to keep up with the demand!
5	Amazing food & atmosphere!!!
5	Busy place and wish they would open earlier on weekends, BUT they have excellent coffee and my absolute favorite breakfast item is the San Diegan open faced omelette
4	Stopped in to this coffee shop as my wife and I were looking for some place different to go. It was a great choice. This inviting farm style coffee shop boasts many different drink choices as well as breakfast menu and lunch menu. We will have to come back for the food as we only set out for coffee. We will go back nice place will recommend.
5	More than just a coffee shop!  Lovely ambiance on the outdoor patio surrounded by a flower garden or sit inside where it's set up with small tables, a larger community table or comfy armchairs.  Across the road is the farm that grows much of the food that's served here.  Yum, everything is so good.Baked goods are scrumptious! Breakfast burritos or omelets are delicious with fresh ingredients.  All of the drinks are delectable and made consistently well. Sandwiches boast fresh baked breads and ingredients.  Most people cleaned their plates!  That's always a good sign.Can't wait to go back for my morning breakfast date!
5	Love this place. My morning haunt. Great coffee. Amazing food. Get the San Diegan burrito style.
5	I stopped by this coffee shop because it is on the way home from my job and I just needed some Chai Tea. I have been to dozens of coffee shops to order my favorite drink and this is by far the best one I have ever had. It is smooth and creamy with just the right amount of spice! Definitely making this a regular stop on my way home.
4	Great place to hang out and converse over coffee, breakfast, or lunch. It's a local favorite so be prepared to wait - to order and to sit, especially on Saturdays. But it's worth it! Healthy options, Midwest/retro feel and outdoor seating. Rose garden, farmers market and room for kids to run outside. The only con is that I don't think the baked goods live up to the hype. Overall one of my favorite places & the San Diegan is as good as the reviews say!!
1	Ew. There's always a blonde girl working in the kitchen with her hair down and I found a piece of hair in my food. I'm sorry but that's just gross. Also there was flies everywhere. The place has potential but needs to work on a few things
5	I love me some fresh farm food! This place is soooo good! The coffee is legit & surprisingly fairly priced. I got the San Diegan which was so good! Add avocado if you want to take it to the next level. Also tried the blueberry white chocolate chip coffee bread! So delicious!! The only thing about this place that wasn't so stellar was that it was packed inside so we had to sit outdoors....in the heat...with no fan or misters....it was almost unbearable
5	So, finally made it to the "Agritopia" farm area of Gilbert... We originally went for the food truck night, and ended up dining at The Coffee Shop. The decor and ambiance is super cute, cozy, and still has the barn like features. We didn't get any drinks, only sandwiches. But... Their drink/coffee menu looks yummy! We tried the California Club and the pastrami sandwich. They came paired with a side of Fritos chips. The meat on both sandwiches were decent sized slices. We ended up having dessert with one of the food truck vendors, but we sat on the relaxing outside patio of this place. We would definitely return back to this little gem.
5	I avoided this place for a long time because I assumed that since it had the generic name and seemed to be part of the community center that it couldn't POSSIBLY be good - and how wrong I was.  This place is awesome.  It's one of two places I've been where the toddy is ALWAYS smooth and delicious, no need for cream!  I usually grab an iced coffee and a pastry of some kind on the way to work and have never been disappointed.  I've tried a breakfast sandwich as well - very good.  You can always taste quality ingredients.  I wish I could go here one morning without having to go straight to work, because the ambience is amazing.  Lots of windows, surrounded by beautiful foliage and huge cactus flowers, cats walking around.  I love it and want to stay all day.  The only downside I have is it's definitely on the pricey side - my morning routine of iced coffee and one pastry sets me back about $7 to $8... so I have to cut back.  But long story short this is a standout cafe and definitely worth a visit.
4	Best local coffee shop in Gilbert. Solid selection of specialty coffee drinks if you're into that, and the food options rock. Their iced Americano MIGHT just be my favorite. Ever.
5	I love everything about this place :) especially the fact we can ride our bikes here! The only downside is there is not a lot of indoor seating. The breakfast and coffee are great you can't go wrong with anything on the menu!
3	Meh! We went at 9ish this morning. Restaurant was packed. I was surprised there was no table service, but I can survive that. My friend ordered a breakfast burrito (not sure which one). I ordered the Baby Got Jack. We each ordered a wildly overpriced coffee. My Cubano Solo was teeny-tiny, but I did fill it up with free half n half, so I felt ok about it. We ended up having to take a table on the patio and, altho we actually got a table in the shade we had to share it with about 274 flies. The food: the burrito was at least 2/3 full of potatoes. What is cheaper than potatoes? Who puts potatoes in a burrito? My sandwich was good, but greasy...not that I'm averse to greasy food, but not at that hour of the day. And it came with a green salad which was overdressed with too much vinegar.Not impressed and won't be back. You only get one chance with this gal!
3	A cup of coffee and a slice of sweets make me feel relax. Every time I felt exhausted, I came here to taste the good aroma and the sweetness of cupcakes adding the good ambiance of the place.
5	Very very yummy!!! We ordered the papas grande burrito and it was absolutely delicious!!! The salsa that came with the burrito was to die for!!! We have also ordered lunch there and have been impressed with that also.  My only complaint would be the attitude of some of the girls that work behind the counter.  But other than that we have always been pleased with the food and coffee!!
4	Great place to sit on a quiet patio for breakfast/brunch. It's casual and affordable, quick and yummy! Try the San Diegan omelette! I'll be back next time I'm visiting Phoenix!
4	I moved to Gilbert about six years ago and was in search of a local coffee shop and much to my surprise this business popped right away.  It is tucked away in Agritopia right next to Joe's Farm Grill.  Don't let the name fool you because they have wonderful baked goods, breakfast, lunch, and of course assorted coffee drinks.I have tried an array of items on the menu and my favorite is always the San Diegan.  It is an open faced omelet with potatoes, bacon, cheese, tomatoes, onions, sour cream and feta.  I know I know...that is a lot of food but it is darn good.  It is definitely something that you can split with someone as it is very hearty.  I go back and forth between the scones and coffee cakes.  The scone flavors vary day to day but my favorites are the butterscotch and chocolate chip peanut butter.  I've never seen a blueberry white chocolate coffee cake and they make one that is out of this world.  They were also featured on cupcakes wars a few times and were also featured on Check Please, AZ.  I may have reviewed them on Check Please, AZ....maybe   This is one of my favorite places and I go back there on a regular basis.
4	Food is great and the drinks are yummy too. Ordered egg salad sandwich on croissant and their iced coffee & Arnold Palmer. I would have given this place 5 stars except there are SO MANY FLIES in this place!!! I can see the flies crawling on all the pastries and that was a negative. Other than the flies, everything else was great :)
2	Last minute decision to stop here because of the few vegan items on the menu my wife was able to eat. The ambiance was great but man the Flys all over the cookies and pastries. I saw three Flys having a picnic on one of the cupcakes in the window at the register, I watched Flys land on every single item, NO covers on the trays! Maybe the regurgitated fly saliva is the secret ingredient on the sweets, but for a group that made to to a TV show this mistake is novice. I had the chorizo omlett it was over salted and the cheese wasn't melted. My wife enjoyed her tofu scrambler. The waffle that came for our son had previous burnt waffle residue all over it. Come here to pop open your laptop and take advantage of no table service which equates to no one bothering you while you sip coffee and hide from the sun.
3	It was ok not the best breakfast and coffee ive had but overall it was good thanks for the coffee
4	Great coffee .. Very consistent unlike Starbucks... Their sandwiches are also out of this world ... I'm not a big fan of their cupcakes though ... My wife can make better cupcakes than theirs ... Nevertheless, their speciality is not the desserts .. It's the sandwiches and the premium coffee
4	Mediterranean scramble is the perfect gluten free brunch. Baby lettuce was fresh with a tasty light dressing. Took a star off for delayed mocha arrival and lack of coordination between barista and kitchen. Delightful patio. Pet friendly (unless your dog hates the resident cats!) located adjacent to Wednesday 4-8 pm Agritopia farmers market. Locals and locavores gather here.
4	If you like good espresso, you need to try this cafe. Darn fine coffee. Whipped the stump town espresso I tried in AZ hands down
4	Just stopped by for the first time. Great omelette! The breakfast sandwich my girlfriend had was very large.  Too much for her.Good place to meet someone if you are in the area as well.  Come hungry!
5	Studied here for a couple hours in the back on one of their couches. Their green tea is one of the best I've had at any local cafe's; it was a tropical mix, but I think they need to go to the loose leaf teas and incorporate that art. Outdoor and indoor was great. They had plenty to choose from with drinks, breakfast/lunch items, and pastry like items. The only down fall was that their WiFi was only half reliable while there... But hey at least it was free. I would definitely recommend.
5	Great food and ambiance! Dog friendly and we love to ride our cruiser bikes over for the perfect morning!
5	The Coffee Shop is a nice spot to relax and have a hot drink. Weekends are a bit hectic but the food is great across from Joes farm grill but still get a lot of crowds. I usually get the Papas Grande burrito and the TCS Waffle. Never fails they are great every time. The hot chia tea is amazing.  The garden around the place is nice as well if you want to walk around and relax with your latte.
4	This very nice little restaurant right next door to Joe's Farm Grill offers comfortable indoor and outdoor seating, and along with coffee features breakfast, sandwiches, burritos and lots of tasty dessert treats.  My friends and I stop over here after each lunch visit to Joe's for a little bite to top off our visit to the farm, and maybe some goodies to take home for later.     :-))
5	I can only attest to their iced coffee, but it was delicious.  The pastries in the case left me drooling and my eight year old begging for one.
4	I really like this place. I think it's the location that really does it for me. Every time I go there I always have to do a drive through Agritopia. I love looking at all of the bungalow houses and taking a walk along the gardens. Ok, back to The Coffee Shop. This place has a cute modern feel to it with plenty of seating inside and out. I really enjoy their turkey & havarti sandwich and surprisingly their fish tacos on Friday at quit delis! The only think I do not like about this place is all the flies they get inside and out. It is a little off putting when trying to decide if you will take a bagel with a fly or a cupcake with a fly- so sadly I cannot comment on any of they backed goods since I am not big on flies.
5	Favorites: vegan taco salad wrap (even if you love meat), bacon breakfast burrito, the breakfast sandwich with avocado and onion, butterscotch and Spanish lattes! There's so much good stuff here :)
4	I love love love this place. Their food is great. San Diegan is a must. The chai tea here is fantastic. All their food is great. One downside is their seating absolutely sucks. If you go when it's busy you are probably better off going somewhere else. People are pretty cut throat there about stealing tables. It really sucks standing in line to order and have all the seats taken from people behind you. There are no heaters or misters for the patio. Overall I love this place and think it's one of the best places in Arizona to eat
5	Love this place! First time I was here was because we were looking for a place who had gluten free breakfast pastries for a friend of mine. The pasteries were amazing. They had a variety of options from coffee cakes to cupcakes, cookies to bars. Some gluten free! I loved this place so much, I returned with my hubby but this time we had a burrito. LOVED IT! I had the chorizo and recommend it to everyone! Piping hot and eggs were nice and fluffy. Mmmmmm! The atmosphere is nice and staff is very friendly. All over great experience.
