4	Situated on the golf course of the The Westin Kierland Resort & Spa, this place is a great location to enjoy a lazy (in a good way) lunch with family and friends.   It has a very warm and cozy feel along with fabulous mountain and golf course views out their floor to ceiling windows.The menu is definitely contemporary and has something for everyone.We enjoyed the crispy honey-walnut shrimp.  They are designed to be lettuce wraps, but i think the crispy shrimp were sooo tasty that they stood pretty good alone (tapas style).  It was Very Sweet and Very Crispy.I also had the lunch salmon.  The salmon was perfectly cooked.  Very moist and just past pink in the middle.  It had a citrus vinegrette and a very light salad.  It was a very petite piece of salmon for the price, that is my only gripe.Parking is ample - save room for dessert and tell me how it is...We didn't make it that far as we were very full!
3	Standard hotel bar and grill fare.  Appetizers, soups, salads, sandwiches, etc. offered at hotel prices (read: higher than regular restaurant prices.)    I had the clubhouse salad which was fairly tasty, but the chicken was a bit dry.  A side of french fries was served in a tall cylinder with 2 dipping sauces.  The service is top notch; it's obvious the Westin takes time to train their staff.
5	Have you tried the new Brittlebush brunch menu? We sampled the delights on a beautiful warm November Saturday on the patio with gorgeous views of the golf course and mountains beyond. The food was simply outstanding.    I had the scrambled eggs with smoked trout which arrived with the eggs delicately cooked on top of delicious soda bread. The scones are warm, flaky and melt in your mouth with butter and the strawberry compote. My favorite was the French toast made from corn bread drizzled with Nutella, and caramelized banana.    Another highlight was the coffee by Press, roasted in Arizona. In fact, I went immediately to Press Coffee Shop at Scottsdale Quarter to buy some coffee for home!!       Wow, this is a golf course restaurant that doesn't have just burgers and fries or fish and chips. Run, don't walk to try this delicious brunch menu.
5	Spent the weekend at this wonderful Westin. If you are going to spring training...suggest you stay here and enjoy this restaurant!
5	Steak tacos all day long...they are so good!! Bartenders are friendly. The only downside is that is a small area.
4	Mediocre service...AMAZING Cuban sandwich.
5	Seriously delicious food and extremely impeccable service. Our trio enjoyed a terrific view of the Westin Kierland Golf Course and the desert beyond on a flawless winter day. Our server could not have been more gracious. The coffee is remarkable and we were warmed up to start. One of us had the burger which was an enormous beef patty cooked to perfection on a huge toasted bun with all the extras. Yum. Another friend had the tacos and they were also amazing - not too spicy, but flavorful. I had the chopped salad with salmon. That salmon was perfectly cooked and made the salad. The sweet potato fries, while a bit soft, were delicious. And that little bit of desert bread pudding put us all over the top. I'd come back for certain, and next time I'm staying the night...
1	Wow, first of all I'm surprised at the rave reviews this place has received. A friend and I were looking forward to a day at the spa and were recommended here by the concierge. I ordered a chopped salad, and my friend ordered a beet salad.  I was SHOCKED when my salad came out - it was very small, and although the menu description said avocado, I assumed I would receive a beautifully presented salad with sliced avocado on top. Nope. I literally had to find my avocado, which ended up being 4 diced pieces. I thought I would have slices of red onions. Nope. I really do think they used the condiments section for the hot dog stand, to obtain my red onion. And the salad dressing was around the end of the plate. So I had to circle my salad on the edges of the plate in order to get some dressing?? Ridiculous! My girlfriend ordered a beet salad. The word "beet" was in the title. She had three small pieces of beet. Really?! it was pretty comical of how bad this place was, and unfortunate this was our start to a day at the spa. Highly DO NOT recommend this place.
3	I bought a discount certificate from Local Dines and made the mistake of not looking at the hours.  We went to have dinner and they do not serve dinner, but close at 3pm.Just wanted everyone to be aware of this.  We were disappointed but it was our mistake.
5	We had the best service by Andrew. He made our stay at the Westin all the more pleasurable! The food was great! Ask for Andrew when you go!
