5	The Phoenix 20/30 guys really know how to throw a party!  This year was the 25th year for this event, and I believe they had record attendance and money raised for it as well.  I was impressed with how well organized the event was from start to finish.  The moment you valet your car in the parking lot, there is a trolley waiting to take you up to the Wrigley Mansion for the event.  (Well, this is ideally how it goes but we did have to wait a good 10 minutes for our trolley).  I was lucky enough to attend a special VIP dinner reception before the general admission began, and it was fantastic.  The VIP dinner was outside on the north side of the Wrigley Mansion with incredible views, service, whiskey tasting, and more... Once inside when the general event started at 7pm, I was blown away by the fact that they had an open bar, live entertainment, and all kinds of food to sample... all from high end restaurants too!  The mansion was open for guests to explore and in all of the rooms were different restaurants offering tastes to the guests.I didn't get to stay so late since I had the triathlon the next morning, but if not for that, I am sure I would've stayed until the very end!  The crowd was diverse, friendly and fun.  The silent auction was one of the biggest I've seen.  The Phoenix 20/30 guys were all running around making sure the attendees were having fun.  Special thanks to BK, Marcus, Will, Kyle, and Nick for looking out for me and for giving Yelp a presence at the event as well.I took the trolley back down to my car around 9:30 and the guests were still pouring in.  This may have been my first Noche de Gourmet event, but it will not be my last!
5	This year - 2012 - was my first Noche de Gourmet event! The 29th Annual Event. This year it was, once again (according to Gabi's 2008 review) extremely well organized and this year, once again, held at the Wrigley Mansion. I once heard that guys in their 20s & 30s were still trying to find themselves . . . don't believe it if the Phoenix 20/30 Club membership is any indication. These guys were absolutely on task, prepared and super organized. I've attended a lot of large events and they usually all have a few snafus that should not have happened. The only snafu all evening was that it rained for 5 minutes. And I don't think the 20/30 Club could have predicted or controlled the small change in the weather. Besides it cooled everything off nicely (maybe it was planned too?) and cleared the night sky. The night view from the Wrigley Mansion was a sea of twinkling city lights.Food was fantastic, drinks were wonderful, and the music made you want to take your shoes off and dance. What a great fundraising event for the Children in Need Foundation - (www.cinfaz.org) Trivia: Did you know the 20/30 Club was founded by Barry Goldwater?If you get an opportunity to attend the 30th Noche de Gourmet in 2013, don't pass it up! It will be an evening of fond memories!
5	I struggle to write a classy review for Noche de Gourmet 2012. Not because the event itself wasn't classy- trust me. Everyone there was decked out in their tightest cocktail dress, swankiest shoes and more 'bling' than a rap music video. The Wrigley mansion itself is meticulously perfected to prevent any girl with giant heels to walk correctly anywhere thus increasing the appearance of being extremely alcohol-induced. No, i'm not making fun of the people at Noche de Gourmet. This is a personal report.Noche de Gourmet was so loaded up with unlimited booze that it went from a fancy cocktail hour to a really f-ed up Prom... and I mean that it the nicest way possible. At every corner there was either a beer/wine stand, a full bar, a Macallan Whiskey tasting, a Cruz tequila table or some server handing out bubbly. Strangely enough, only people with the VIP ($250/ticket) could order liquor at the bar instead of beer/wine, but that instruction didn't seem to transcend very far with the bartenders and servers- and for that, I am thankful.Food wise, it was the epitome of indulgent. Although there were many many amazing restaurants, a whole week after the event I can only remember the top of the night: miniature cupcakes, boeuf bourguignon and mashed potatoes and the 4325 grape leaves (and baklava) I ate at Pita Jungle. Dear Pita Jungle, I ate your entire booth. I'm sorry. I regret nothing. And then there was the dancing. Oh boy. I think this is what I call the "downturn" of the evening. See, after eating a months' worth of food and enough booze to tranquilize a horse, there is nothing left to do but to dance (and possibly look like an idiot while doing it). The band was very classy and adult-like when the event started, but as they got closer and closer to end time they started busting all their best songs, with the occasional DJ break. If you haven't seen a girl in giant heels bust out the horse-riding dance to Gangnam Style, then you clearly have not met me.So why is writing a classy review to Noche de Gourmet so difficult? Because when you are attending a $150/person all-you-can-eat-and-DRINK event, there is no way in hell the night is going to end classy. But as long as its tasty, fun and with good company, who gives a rats ass about classy anyway?
