3	OK. So apparently some yelpers think reviewing chain or fast food restaurants is gauche. Well, bully for them. To each is own right. Me? Sometimes after a 12 hour day at work my empty stomach gets home to an empty fridge. Papa John's is open til 1AM. Hey, for Phoenix, that's pretty damn good. And while Domino's crust is similar to the cardboard disc that a frozen Tombstone sits on and Pizza Hut dough has more yeast than a yeast infection. Papa John's drives it home. Literally. Tangy, sweeter tomato sauce with crumbled, non grizzled Italian sausage and a perfect amount of cheese on a thin crust. My tummy was happy. I ordered it on line at work and when I got home I waited about 10 minutes before Papa showed. But I have my own name for him. I call him Daddy John. Oh yea. Thanks Daddy!
5	I love this place. They know me, I know them AND they never get lost on the way to my house.And just today the delivery dude made a special trip to get me a two-liter of Diet Coke with me asking or him charging. That ROCKS.Their thin crust pizza fills me up while their regular crust leaves me with enough leftovers for another meal. Sure, it's not the BEST pizza in town, but it's sure as hell the quickest and most convenient.I am upset at the loss of their five-topping, $11.99 large special. It has since been amended to $12.99 with a two-liter soda, but they DON'T CARRY DIET COKE , which annoys me all to hell.Well-run, quick and always piping hot. Open fairly late too.
2	2 stars for free pizza. -3 stars for comedically bad service.Ordered pizza. Told 30 minutes. Waited 40 minutes.Called back, and they said they had no idea where the delivery guy went. Apparently he went awol. 30 minutes later, the manager delivers the pizza for free. According to him, they have no idea what the hell happened to the pizza guy; said perhaps he got into an accident.30 minutes later, the first pizza guy shows up with the original pizza as if nothing happened. Really? How hard is it to deliver pizza?Time elapsed for delivery of original (aka cold) pizza: 100 minutes.FAIL
1	I was a loyal Papa John's customer for quite a while. I would order pizza for delivery from this location on a regular basis. Good/decent pizza at a great price. Of course, I would never tout Papa John's as the best pizza in town or anything, but hey, it is/was cheap and pretty good.Not anymore.The pizza got worse and worse as time went on. It gradually declined from a great pizza at a great price to a "What the cuss happened to this pizza"?Finally, after the last pizza I had delivered, which was undercooked and looked like someone literally threw skimpy toppings in clumps, I had enough.So, I sent a complaint to customer service, which, they say, is World Class Customer Service. Not sure which world that is, because after almost a month, I've heard nothing from them.Papa John's is a dead beat dad. They obviously don't care about the customer, nor the quality of the product.Who's your daddy? It's definitely not Papa John's.
2	Average pizza.  you can get better from frozen pizza. chicken wings  are not good.
1	I have always been a fan of Papa John's Pizza, especially more than the other large pizza delivery chains. The quality of the pizza and prices were good and found it hard to complain. My opinion has started to change and I can say for a fact that I will never order pizza from the Papa John's at 231 W Thomas Rd, Phoenix, AZ 85013.I generally order a thin crust pizza and more often than not and like today, the pizza comes cold and has the consistency of wet cardboard and what you would assume would be crispy is about as far from it as you can get. The past few orders have been messed up in one way or another. I've received plain wings instead of the flavor I ordered and I can't count the amount of times the driver has forgot and promised to bring back a 2 liter of soda but never come back to bring it.There are too many great pizza places around me to bother ordering this consistently bad pizza, even for convince sake and I would suggest you do the same.
1	Driver's are crooks! They write in their own tips! Managers aren't very helpful either! All crooks! order somewhere else, not here!
1	I've eaten from here twice and everything was ok. Ordered and paid online and the food came pretty quickly. But TODAY there was a hair in my pizza that was UNDER the cheese. We got our money back and ate somewhere else. Again this could have just been a fluke since I've had no problems before but it seriously grossed me out.
1	Last night they delivered a pizza so cold the included garlic sauce had congealed into a solid.  Time before they got the order wrong.  Won't be ordering from here again.
1	This review is about this one location's unacceptable behavior.To start, I like Papa John's. * The pizza is reasonably tasty for my family (not as good as the local top notch mom  & pop places, but decent none-the-less.) * The value is exceptional - they have the best specials, which we always take advantage of. Their online ordering and REWARD program is unparalleled (I belong to  every chains reward and email clubs, they are all pathetic. Not PJ's! Join and find out!) * My local PJ is a franchise that in my opinion is a model for any franchise of any type. They know us by face and by name and greet us so when we come in. The food is well prepared and consistent. They service is fast and extra friendly. They rarely screw-up; and IF they do they are apologetic and fast to fix it in a method that we prefer.So... What about THIS LOCATION??We were having a family gathering in Phoenix and someone said "Let's get pizza! We'll have Domino's deliver!""Wait!" I said. As the pater familias I decided to treat everyone and said "Can we do Papa John's? That's all we ever order and it's great. I think I have a free pizza or two waiting for me anyway?""Well we usually get white pizza with spinach and veggies from Domino's" the vegan Phoenician daughter chimed in."No problem. Papa John' has that too.""Do they have an online configurator so I can pick our toppings?" she continued."Yeah, it's great.""Do they still give that Garlic Butter sauce to dip your crust in? That's the main thing we always liked from there.""Domino's is super cheap..." she challenged."Let me login and order. They have great specials, I've got freebies coming. You can pick your own toppings. I'll order delivery and pay online including tip for driver.  We'll be eating in under a half hour.""OK, dad."Online I go. Couple big loaded pizzas for about 10 bucks each, couple free 2-liters of  soda, an apple pie desert pizza at half price. Paid online. Done!!!Problems begin. 50 minutes later the delivery guy arrives. Someone gets the door, then calls me "to sign the receipt."  I come to the door to sign. I only see the pizza's so I ask about  the drinks. The zombie with the hot bag blank stares at me with glazed-over eyes usually seen only on reggae musicians. I sign. There is still no response. I ask again  about the drinks and the desert pizza. The expressionless zombie mumbles and someone  behind me yells "we got it all dad!"OK!  "Thanks!" I say to zombieman, who slowly turns and shuffles away with no response. He was well tipped, but maybe I needed to offer fresh brains instead of cash to show appreciation to him.Problems continue. We open up the pizza boxes. The crusts are uber dark and burnt in many spot. Cheese is mostly brown. I pick up and bite into a piece of  Spinach Alfredo and it crunches. It  is completely dry, sauce was cooked away. Cheese was dried out too. Both pizzas were like this."Gross!"  "Ewww"  "This is inedible" "They burnt this this!" "Call them back and tell them."  were the comments ringing from all my spawn."Sorry guys!  I'll take care of it. I ordered these 'well-done' as I always order every pizza. It makes the cheese 'break' a little and makes the crust better for dipping. I've talked to store managers about this and know just what they do. The pizzas are amazing that way. Someone screwed these up. They are burnt. I'm sorry." I lamented.Problem gets worse.I call in. I explain the problem. I ask what they did to mess these up. Unapologetically, the fellow on the other end explains how they cooked the pies and seems to know the correct  method for well-done pizza. As a retired restaurateur, I can only figure either the pizza handled did something different, or the ovens in that store are turned-up a bit for faster cooking which fouls up a "well done" order. Either way, they guy on the phone was apathetic but said "We can remake those for you.""Ok. Thanks." I say "These are inedible." ...click... "OK, guys! They are making new pizzas!AN HOUR LATER.  Let me repeat.  AN HOUR LATER, a snarly, untipped female driver brings  2 perfectly cooked "well done" pizzas.By that time, my hungry spawn had torn out and devoured all the semi-burnt-but-still-somewhat-edible-as-long-as-they-are-covered-with-ranch-dressing center nuggets of the unholy abominations this location had first delivered.  The group had subsequently moved on to the livingroom to watch True Blood. "Hey, the new pizzas are here! They are prefect! De-LISH!" But no one was interested any more.
5	I ordered online and used a coupon code so my large pizza was only $10.50 with all the taxes and delivery fee. Even though they say 30-40 minutes my pizza arrived exactly 17 minutes after I placed my order. The delivery driver was super friendly as they always are and my pizza was yummy. Sometimes they can be a bit undercooked but this time it was perfect. They did a great job.
1	I used to be a Papa Johns fan but they lost my business today.I ordered 8 pizzas online at 8:00am for a department lunch to be delivered at 11:45. I called the store at 10:00 to make sure everything was in order and they were going to make the delivery..."good to go" they said...12:10 comes around and they still hadn't delivered. I called and was told that they were "swamped" and they had no idea when they would be able to deliver. At this point I cancelled my order in disgust.I had ordered this for a company function that was dependent on them being on time, I run a department that depends on the staff being available when not on scheduled break or lunch, so basically they ruined lunch for my staff, needless to say I was pretty upset.I called back to talk to the manager and let them know of my displeasure, the supervisor was nice enough and apologized but the only thing they could do for me was offer the same pizza deal at the same price. So ruining lunch isn't worth much to themExtremely disappointed :(
1	Took over an hour half for a extra large pizza (30 estimated delivery time) and we live 2 miles away, plus the pizza was COLD. Driver arrives and has no information for management. Called to complain and person on the other line SAYS they will send another pizza right away. 40 min later and still no pizza...
