5	This Alphagraphics saved me big time.My life is one big procrastination after another.  This time I was procrastinating printing off letters and portfolio pieces for my final college class.  They were very helpful in getting me squared away, whereas other places would say "go to the self serve area and good luck figuring it all out".  Thanks to them I finished my work just in time!  (by seconds, literally)
2	Sorry, this one's a bit harsh for me! To sum it up.. one  (just one) 8.5 x 14 text print cost me $30 bucks!Since our office is practically next door, we keep going back to save travel time in tight pinches. Sorry Alphagraphics, I think it's time for us to split up.Print quality: Unpredictable. When I'm paying $30 bucks for a sheet of paper, it better be executed well. Use of  "more-efficient" equipment equals smeary images and inaccurate color.Time to completion: Very good. Always on-track with delivery estimate. Customer service: Poor. Staff is unfamiliar with print industry demands. When calling, expect to be passed from person to person trying to find someone with decent work experience to talk shop. (Yes, I know it's a "copy shop", but at these prices you'd better know your stuff)Personality: Generally friendly young staff. Pricing: Insane. Working in the industry, I know these prices are ridiculous. If I felt I was working with professionals with professional equipment, I would absolutely pay for excellent service. Sadly, I'll have to look elsewhere.I've sent dozens of jobs with a variety of specs through these folks. Each experience has been with the quality of collateral.
5	I didn't know I could get so excited about a print shop. Reminds of when I was surprised by the enthusiasm at Lighting Unlimited (http://www.yelp.com/biz/lighting-unlimited-phoenix-3#hrid:hME56PbLhd2RdUL2S304Og/src:self). I mean really how exciting can the printing business be? "Alright ma'am, we will have your 50 Eric Estrada posters ready at 5:00pm." "No I'm sorry we don't carry I Heart Joe Arpaio stickers." And "Yes, you can have the empty boxes outside for moving."Well, I'm not sure if it's exciting, but I can tell you Mike and the gang at Alpha Graphics are top drawer!I'm in constant need of printed materials from biz cards and menus to posters and marketing inserts. These folks have it all. And. They. Deliver. Yep. Deliver. Gotta love that! And with that Alpha Graphics smile and professionalism. And the prices are competitive! Now. If I could just get them to deliver me a pizza next time too! Printed material and pizza...and...maybe light bulbs.
5	Awesome service, turned really fast, people are so much better than Kinko's.
5	MIchael Sinkula at Alphagraphics does a fabulous job - he is pro-active, personable and professional and has consistently exceeded my expectations in terms of delivering high-quality products on very short notice.  Plus they literally deliver, so I don't have to leave my office at all and can handle everything via email and the occasional phone call.  I look forward to doing business with them again.
2	Really? I needed to scan my paper into my flashdrivie and the dude who works there told me that if I did it by myself it'd be 2$ but if i wanted him to do it, it'd be 10$.  Rip off much??
2	Okay, so they sell out of class packets, fine. But then they send an email informing you that the packet you ordered is ready and to pick it up at the express will call station which is reportedly open Saturdays. It is not. Super unhelpful, especially when you can't even leave a message and are instead faced with an unending loop of ringing followed by a request to leave a detailed message which is followed not by a beep but another round of ringing followed by the same message....ridiculous.
