4	I adore the Wine Shop at Rivergate..the staff is very friendly, the wine selection huge and the food is Incredible...Nice size portions..Lots of different choice and sauces... The salads are wonderful with fresh dressings.. The Calamari tender..The pizza light and good...You can order a tasting of a wine a small portion or a full glass...Dont miss it!
5	The food was awesome!  The staff was so friendly and knowledgeable.  Can't wait to go back!!
3	I came here for the first time last Saturday, and the food was pretty good. I had a Salmon BLT with a side of fruit. The interior was alright, the service was average, the food was good. It wasn't anything superbly impressive, but a good place to have lunch. Nothing stood out to me but nothing made me decide not to come here a second time either. Meh.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE..... they have the freshest food there. I ordered the chicken pesto sandwich with fresh mozzarella, and when is say fresh i mean fresh and the wine selections are out of this world. The prices are reasonable and the staff really know what they are doing. In my opinion its something that you would think to find in a strip mall ..... I will be a repeat customer
4	Nice friendly service. Great wine selections. I love the cheese with the balsamic reduction and toast.  This is a great restaurant to meet friends in, but if you are looking for something manly and hearty, it's not for you.  They make great fresh light provencial meals. I go crazy for it, but my husband grones at the mention of it.  He wants his steak and burgers.
3	I would love to give them more stars as there food is really good but I think i went there on the wrong day. They simply had bad luck i think. We ordered a cheese plate and it came out with a long dark hair across all the cheese. They did quickly take away the cheese and get us a new plate. My fiance ordered a fish plate and it was amazing. I ordered the rack of lamb. I ordered it medium rare and it came out completely raw. It was so raw that my steak knife could not cut into it. The chef came out an agreed that it was raw and was trying to explain to me why. long story short I dont care its raw. He told me that it would take some time to get another order out. As my fiance was almost finished with her meal I said no and just ordered an italian sandwich. The sandwich was unreal. the fries were unreal and the cold cuts in the sandwich were some of the best Ive had since I moved from Boston. The chef actually felt bad about the rack of lamb that he sent me a to go box with the rack of lamp i think to prove that it really is good and wanted me to try it as he felt bad i had to order something else. He was right. When it is cooked properly they probably have the best rack of lamb ive ever had. So in short they had a bad night but the service was amazing. great beer and wine selection and the food when cooked properly is out of this world.
4	My wife and I were invited to this place by some fellow beer lovers, and we were not disappointed. The Wine Shop is located in a fairly busy shopping center, easy to miss if you don't know what you are looking for.A nice little wine shop with decent beer selection. There is a small bar with about three taps, and a fairly decent bottle selection. I did not try the food, but was impressed with the overall atmosphere of the place. The waitstaff was fairly attentive, and informative. We will definately be back when we are able to try the menu along with a good beer.
5	I think the name is a bit misleading. Yes, there are choices of wine galore, but what you don't realize by their name is that the food is also impeccable. Oh, and if you're a beer lover you certainly won't be disappointed as there is an abundance of beers available that you won't find everywhere.I am somewhat of a creature of habit & once I find something I like, I tend to stick with it. With that being said, however, I have ventured out enough to try 5 or 6 things on the menu & haven't been disappointed with a single one.  The paninis are so yummy (for lack of a more descriptive term!) I've tried the Club Panini & the Chicken Pesto Panini - both incredible. The wraps are pretty large & very fililng. My go-to choice lately has been the Mediterranean Wrap. It's a perfect blend of flavors of chicken, hummus, tabouleh, & feta cheese. SO good! And then there's the Flatbread Pizzas... outstanding! The smoked salmon, capers, and goat cheese flatbread is TO DIE FOR!!!  It's a large portion but I manage to eat every bite because it's just that good!Oh & yes, the wine at The Wine Shop is fabulous too!  :)
3	Pretty salty prices especially for wines by the glass-really good food but could use more California reds with quality such as J, Rombauer zin' mauritson zin, B.R. Cohn, etc. Not a huge California selection but good none the less
5	I LOVE this place. The food is wonderful, no matter what you get. The wine and beer selection is unrivaled in the Steele Creek area. What I love about the wine is you pay retail for them, not restaurant markup.  This means that when you pay $50 for a wine, you're getting the same price as you would in a store.  I could go on and on but it would be easier for you to go there.
1	I was just kicked out before finishing my meal! Normally I like this place but I literally had to leave no tip. I have never been treated this way ... Ever. There was another woman there who had to go to the city tavern. And was vocally complaining a they stacked chairs on the bar next to her. All I can say is wow!
2	I really wanted to love this place.  When my husband and I met the owner, we were delighted and couldn't wait to try out their brunch.  However, when we came there to dine, the nice owner wasn't there and our waiter was horrible.  He didn't give us a menu until 20 minutes after we were seated and was grumpy and rude.  I think he was probably hung over.  The food was forgettable, but the bad service wasn't!
2	I really wanted to like this place.  The idea of having a place like this in our neighborhood is great so I wanted to support it.  I gave it several chances, dining there on a few separate occasions for brunch and dinner.  Nearly every time, my company and I came away a bit disappointed.  It looks like a nice place, and when you sit down at a table it feels like a nice place.  But the wildly inconsistent service really has a negative impact on the experience here.  The food is okay and in fact we really enjoyed our brunch.  They have live music occasionally which is a nice touch.There have been too many disappointing and inconsistent experiences here for me, and it's unfortunate because I really wanted to like it.
5	My sister's new year resolution is to become an alcoholic by the end of 2013. So she thought this is a great place to start some day drinking. This is my 2nd time here. So far, everything is good. I had their steak and eggs last time I was there for brunch. I enjoyed it. This time, my sister ordered a glass of moscato which is typical of her. She loved it. I ordered a chocolate flavor red wine because I love red wine and chocolate. Great combination right?!! It was good for me for the 1st half of the glass. After that it was a bit too sweet and the chocolate after taste sets in. I'm not sure because I had the crab cakes and it didn't sit well together but I was done with that glass quick. Customer service was great. She was very knowledge with the wine list and check up on us often. I will go back.
4	Great food. Great service. The best beer selection in all of Steele Creek.
1	Brokenhearted: This used to be my FAV restaurant in Steele Creek Area! Not sure, but maybe new management has set in these past two months. I've been four times in the past month. (in keeping with the FAV part). Brunch: 3 weeks ago and had to be comped a wine because they were OUT of two they supposedly had, food was LONG wait and just meh. AND they had no manager working... everyone running around, with a guy from the kitchen waiting tables. Dinner: this was pretty good, food good. (Hope was renewed). Lunches: two... 45 minutes for SALAD. SALAD. no apologies, one size for the soup (noticed too late the new menu), so $16 later for soup/salad that took over an hour to order, get, eat (rushing to eat)... I'd say I've got to be done here. It's very sad. MISMANAGEMENT.... not sure if new manager or new owners. But, I will try and go over to Hickory Tavern before going here next time.
5	Oh, I'm in love! I've found my new secret spot. The service is awesome, the wine is perfect and the food is "the bomb.com" Lol! Keep up the good work. :-)
4	Had a late lunch today, around 2 pm. Fairly empty.  It's been a while since our last visit, but the staff remembered us and treated us in a very welcoming style. Had the Reuben  with a nice side salad. My wife had the Ahi tuna coated with sesame seeds. A large, tasty portion for only $9.50. Good food, reasonably priced and friendly efficient service.
5	Great wine selection. Food is  unexpectedly tasty and not too expensive. We usually get apps to share and a bottle of wine but the main dishes are great too.  I have also gone there for lunch on several occasions and the specials are great and not expensive at all.  I can't believe people actually spend more money to go to McDonald's.
5	This is a great place to enjoy a nice casual dinner with your wife. Its quiet, but not stuffy. It has a great selection of wine and great food. We got the cheese and meat tray, 2 cheeses and one meat. And then a flatbread. We've been here a few times and we always leave thinking its one of the best places for us to go on a date night.
5	I live right near this place and I've never, ever been disappointed. The cooks know how to cook! The paninis are my favorite. I love the salmon BLT and Italian. The salads are amazing as well. Great wine selection, the wine guy knows what he's doing. Everyone seems in good humor and even when it's busy there's a nice energy. Also, really good beer selection as well.
5	All I can say is:  OUTSTANDING!  The service is great, the food...impeccable.  What more is there?  A definite must for everyone!
2	I've been looking forward to checking this place out. But overall I felt like a excited kid on Christmas morning only to get an ugly Christmas sweater. There was only a handful of us and took us about 10 minutes before we got any service and it wasn't great service. The wine was ok but I felt it was a bit overpriced.  The wine we did have was decent. The only plus side was the huge selection of craft beers and wine.
5	Love this place, it rocks, the food is amazing , the staff is super friendly. Their cheese and meat plates are way better than other wine shops in the area. I'm a bit of a food snob and don't do chain restaurants also being from south Florida finding decent places to eat around here is pretty difficult ... so in my eyes this place is awesome....
4	I owe The Wine Shop an update. I live near by. My wife and I frequent this place and since this experience some time ago - seaming like ancient history.They have really stepped up their game. The food is quality and the staff has been significantly upgraded over the years. I have no problem telling you now that they know who we are and take VERY good care of us every time we come in. In all it's made for a consistent choice for an every week way to have good meal and a great glass of wine or beer. Beyond the fact I think their response to my initial review was very  disappointing....I would actually update to give them 5 stars if they just had more vegetarian / vegan choices for my wife AND they offered the tacos all day ;-)
5	This weekend we had a Bridal Shower - Upstairs - In the Private Room at The Wine Shop. Jon Sheesley , the Manager had talked with me a couple of times over the last three months and helped me plan and execute the MOST fantastic shower! . We also had a waiter who was so helpful and knowledgeable - Rich Williams ( I would ask for him if you were in the restaurant. The food was fantastic, we had Crab Cakes, Tuna Tartare in little Cones, Flatbreads, Brushettas, and Calamari!  We were allowed to decorate the tables and bring in our own added touches. I would highly recommend this for any event you would need a private room for. They can hold up to 35 or 40, we had 26 and were quite comfortable. It is consistently good as a wine shop and now we know its great as a private venue also!! Kudo's to Jon and Rich!!
2	Love this place, it is nice and relaxing inside, and out. The people there are friendly and fairly attentive. Their beer selection is fenom .   I feel their wine selection could be better and I feel some of their pricing is a bit off. First time I went I paid $30 for an entire bottle of Nadia Cabernet on a Saturday night.  I came in a week later and just ordered a glass of it on a Wednesday afternoon and it was $19 and when I say a glass of wine, the pour was as much as you would get in a tasting....I was shocked and asked, is this a full glass of wine? The tender said  YEP.  I was a bartender in fine dining establishments for 20 years and I know what a tasting sample and a glass of wine is supposed to look like. With that said if I'm ever back in the area I might stop in but I wouldn't go out of my way to purposely go there spinning the wheel of pricing and the questionable pours.
4	Great place to sit either inside or out and enjoy a sampler of international cheeses and great wine or beer.  We enjoyed the antipasti dish and Spanish cheese.
4	Overall a great dining experience. The food was good, served quickly and to order. For a wine shop, they have lots of options from the standard meats and cheeses to burgers and entrees. Wines by the glass menu is fairly large, with options of taste, flight and glasses size options. Nice inside seating along with an outdoor patio. The weather kept us from sitting outside.
2	I have been here a few times but only twice to dine. Once for dinner and once for brunch. The food was mediocre, definitely not worth the price you pay. The dinner and appetizer portions were skimpy but I do admit their brunch portion was decent. Their mimosas and bellinis were nothing to die for. Only good thing would be their selections of wine, other than that I'm ok with skipping this place for a meal.
5	Our second time. Staff friendly, has inside and outside seating. Great selection of wines, 45 by glass over a 1000 by bottle.Great selection of food, quiche is good, hummus and cheese plate good. They do serve red meat for burger lovers.
4	Got to meet up for dinner with friends last night and I have to say -- It's been TOO long since I've been to The Wine Shop. It has been a fave spot for several years, to grab lunch, to meet a girl friend for a glass of wine, for date night and we've even attended a couple of their events (wine/beer pairing dinners).  We have NEVER been disappointed. Chef's dishes are always outstanding and of course, how could you want for anything more complete in the beer or wine department?  The mushroom soup (I wish I ordered, I only tasted) with truffle oil was excellent, my salad was fresh and super cold crisp.  I actually went with the quiche of the day (asparagus and goat cheese) -- and unusual choice for me, but it just sounded really good. Hubby ordered the fish special, pan seared sea bass with tomatillo salsa verde, fingerling potatos and done-just-right asparagus.  It was beautiful and I think he really liked it, because i nearly had to fight him for a bite!   We finished off with a dessert, which we never do, both our friends (ordered the cream filled cannolli) and ours (chocolate (lava-type) cake with vanilla ice cream were OUTstanding!We won't wait so long to go back. (held back one star just because while it's trendy and bistro-ish... I do kind of like comfy, and the little table we had was a little cramped. But with the good company and really great food and wine, I barely noticed...
5	Great food, great waitstaff, and good wine for reasonable prices.  What's not to love?
5	Great food, excellent selection of wines. The staff make you feel welcome and are eager to please. Always ask about the specials, and their wine dinners are always great.
5	Great place! Great atmosphere! Great service! It's a wonderful lunch spot. And brunch is epic. I recommend the chicken pesto panini, the calamari, and brunch wise the omelets and shrimp and grits.
