5	My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place as we were waiting for our text from Bacchanal to be seated. Boy, am I glad we walked in! They had an exclusive FnF event going on for its soft opening before their grand opening on 3/31, and they were giving away six photo souvenirs per person. Kyra was warm and welcoming from the moment we met her and she stood by our side to take photos or help us with our orders every step of the way - she is so enthusiastic and genuine! We were able to send photos from our phones via email or even upload pictures from Facebook, Instagram, or our SD card to be printed on thick card stock (I'm not entirely sure what the material is). Such great souvenirs!! Normally, each print would've been $1 each (minimum order of 6, please), which is super reasonable for such a creative and personal keepsake. The prints did take a while to upload onto the computers they have there, but they did have wifi to make the sending go faster. Although they had a ton of computer stations available, I could easily see them all getting taken up. After the prints are loaded onto the computer, you can edit them to your liking (filters, enhancements, red-eye, brightness, contrast, sharpness, etc.) and then choose the style of print (standard 1:1 Polaroid, horizontal Polaroids, or captionless with a white border), and then insert your own captions. I love how much we were able to customize our gifts!!! The prints took about 15-20 minutes to come out, but it was nice because we got to browse the store and see all the cute knickknacks they had for sale. (Good thing they weren't allowed to sell anything today because I am such a sucker for most of the adorable accessories they had on display). They also have an awesome makeshift life size Polaroid prop on display in front that reads "Las Vegas" as its caption, which the staff members are more than happy to help taking dozens of obnoxious photos for you to your pleasure!I am so very impressed by the adorable photo accessories they're selling, the beautiful photos they have on display around the store and all over the walls, and the fantastic customer service!! Honestly, outstanding service from Kyra, Javier - the whole gang! This is going to be such a great hit, especially with society's obsession with documenting everything in life with photos! Such a creative and sentimental idea.It's located at The Linq, right across from Caesars Palace, on your way to the High Roller. I loved my experience here so much that I had to review it on Yelp ASAP! You definitely need to check it out!
1	Photo prints got lost in the shuffle. This whole store is built around windows computers running chrome where you interface with their website. There is literally nothing you can do at this store that you can't do from the comfort of anywhere else. The people were helpful but in reality they were just trying to create an experience to hype you on buying a ton of crap. Oh yeah.... Did I mention they lost my photos?  As in the whole point of having the store?
5	One of the funnest stores in The Linq. You can take pictures outside and inside. The staff are friendly and they volunteered to take our pictures. To order the I'm Polaroid, it's inexpensive and affordable. 1$ per poloroid but you have to buy a set of 6 to get that price. There's a single shadow box for 5$ and 2x6 for 15-20$. Also, you can get a magnet to stick the poloroid on the fridge. Options are endless. Just ask, how to upload pics to get it printed if you're interested. The staff will more than likely want to help.
1	I ordered my photos printing yesterday, waited over an hour around the Linq and it was not ready for picking up. I had to meet up with my friends so I left. I received the email showing my photos were ready an hour later, which took two hours for them to print. That is fine, cos I know they are busy.Today I came to the store and try to pick up. They LOST my photos. Seriously? They just simply apologize to me and ask me to wait another HALF AN HOUR....told me there is nothing else they can do..I had to go somewhere in a rush but now I stuck in the store and every associate is ignoring me.Horrible experience no matter how cool the photos are. Will never come back again to waste my time here.FYI, I wrote this review while waiting for my photos.
4	i love the entire concept of this. didn't even know we had a Fotobar back home. and even though i didn't purchase anything, i enjoyed the walk through.  you can pretty much take any photo from your mobile device, tablet, or Instagram and have it printed out as a photobook, card, etc. more than just a photo center. it was like a media museum.
5	A fun sister date with my baby sister! You can upload photos from social media, your phone, email, whatever, and have them printed to look like polaroids while you check out the other gems the Linq offers.
2	I love vintage Polaroids and was so excited to see this shop. Sadly their customer service is below par. As someone who also works in customer service, I understand that if you make a mistake you do your best to make up for it. Rachel the store manager was very rude to me even after I was overcharged for a purchase and needed a simple refund. I waited literally 30 minutes for her to figure it how to refund me. She rudely turned down help from 4 different employees until someone walked up and showed her how to refund me. I was patient during the whole process and asked for a Polaroid bag (the ones that are given with every purchase) and she flat out refused. I "had a plastic bag and my $160 purchase would not get me a small bag". After the whole process I left feeling bummed and wishing I didn't make a purchase from them.
5	I heard about this place through friends and being a regular at the Linq. A fotobar? What was that? There were a lot of folks in the place. The vibe seemed great, the employees seemed engaged. Did this place serve alcohol? These are the first thoughts I had when I stumbled upon this place last night. What a treat!When you first walk in, you noticed this place is huge! Lots of table top seating with a bunch of computers. The place is packed with memorabilia, shadow boxes and other accessories for your photos. The walls were adorned with what else, Polaroid pictures! AHHH, this place was not a bar at all. You were able to log into your social media accounts and print out your pictures to Polaroids! THAT WAS AWESOME!!! It's a super easy process, you log in, choose the type of Polaroid, pick the amount of photos you want and bam! You're done! The photos I chose to print were only $1 each. Before I placed my order, I got the chance to add a caption, change the brightness levels, etc. This was great. When my order was complete, I went to the front counter and paid. The total with tax, came to $14 and some change. After you pay, the clerk tells you that you will get an email when your pictures are ready. She told me it would take about an hour. How it works is that they have their very own lab upstairs. Once they print your photos, they drop it down a chute behind the registers and onto a bed of Styrofoam. While we waited, we walked around the Linq. I kid you not, in about 15 minutes, I got a text saying my pictures were ready! Talk about under promising and over delivering! The photos were printed on a thick card board and looked exactly like a Polaroid picture, minus the shaking part (as explained by Outkast in Hey Ya). I really enjoyed myself at this place. It's a super easy, super efficient way to capture your memories. I went home last night with 13 amazing pictures printed on Polaroids  because of this awesome place! Thank you so much for the amazing time. It was truly and awesome experience!
4	Loved it! Went here with my boyfriend before having lunch at the Linq area and thought it was pretty cool since it was my first time going there. I'm giving it 4/5 because the computers were slow (there's many computers within the store, so I can understand that part) and we signed up for text alerts to tell us when our pictures were ready, but received no alert. Also, the pictures were printed out on a piece of cardboard, the picture being a certain size so it would look like it was printed out on polaroid paper. I was really hoping it would've been on polaroid paper, but it's whatever, I got the pictures for cheap (6 prints that were $1 each, but you have to get 6 in order for them to be $1 each) and you can customize the pictures if you'd like, from filters to adding text below the picture. Overall experience was great!
2	It's around 1130 on friday night.  You've been wandering around The Linq with a drink (or two) in hand.  You stumble across the Polaroid Fotobar and wonder what exactly it is.  The friendly employee at the door informs you that you can email pictures from your phone and have them printed out RIGHT THERE.  The images are printed out in the style of a retro Polaroid picture.THIS IS AWESOMESo you sit down at one of the many computers and get to work.   You upload the pictures and send them to print.  What's this? Shipping address?  You want them to print out over at the register, why do you need a shipping address?  The staff was super helpful in greeting you and getting you to a computer, so maybe they can help.  After speaking to you in a condescending tone, the employee is asked for a shipping address too.  This is weird.  The buzz is wearing off.  Finally the employee gets things squared away and you're printing.  You'll get a text when your order is ready.So you wait.  And you wait.  And you hover hear the pick-up area.  Only then does another helpful employee tell you that you have to pay before your photos actually go to the printer.  Information that would have been useful before you loitered for a while.  You pay, you wait 20 minutes (and wander down to Sprinkles for a cupcake) and finally you get your photos.All in all the concept is pretty neat.  It's great for spur of the moment purchases and a fun way to remember your trip to Vegas (or anything that's on your phone, really).  There are a TON of accessories and other ways to display your new pictures, and a lot of them are pretty cool.  Unfortunately, the experience is just crap.  Technology already makes people feel a little uncomfortable, so having employees that make customers feel stupid is pretty unacceptable.  I consider myself pretty savvy with technology as well, so to be spoken down to was really off-putting.I may come back here after the kinks are worked out, but really, how many more clever photos do I need?
3	This place is really cool. You can print out pictures from any social media site, your phone, email... Just about anywhere. Everyone was really nice and helpful. The one big downside, which is why they got 3 stars, was that when we got the pictures we ordered, you can definitely see that they need to change the ink in the printers. The bright colors that our pictures originally had were significantly dulled out and really blended with the white background which kinda bummed us out after spending $60 bucks there... Too bad we left to come home right after and didn't have time to say something otherwise I would have.
1	Oscar was so RUDE when picking are orders .... Send him to customer service training!!!!!
2	I've been here a handful of times now and it is a really neat concept but they always seem to have computer/technical problems. We're locals and we were hoping to make a trip to The Linq to print some of these cute pictures for a surprise party we're throwing. We're on a time crunch and spent an hour and a half choosing pictures, editing them, and choosing which to print in 3D. I swapped computers 4 times-- I started at the other end of a row and almost ended up at the end. The computers kept freezing up and kicking me out of the program without saving my work. I lost patience completely and left.... Without anything ordered to be printed. I made it as far as I needed to to complete my order, my cart was pretty much finalized and of course it froze up and kicked me off. The employees helping me were nice, but not very helpful. They were just saying that their computers have been acting up lately {well, yes I know} and that Instagram is slow on the weekends haha. They didn't even bother getting a manager involved or offer a solution, which upset me even more. They pretty much didn't even care that they lost a customer. It's really frustrating because we didn't have time to lose and we didn't even get what we came for. That was the 3rd time I've tried to print pictures and their computer programs glitch up. Not sure if I'll try again, go there with plenty of time AND PATIENCE.
5	Love the different mediums your photos can be produced!  I was amazed by the photo that looked like an acrylic painting!  The representative that greeted us was enthusiastic and shared great information.  I will return to see the museum they have!
2	Great concept but the execution is sorely lacking. The interface is fairly self-explanatory but the computer locked up several times while trying to upload photos from my phone. Several staff standing around and no one came by to assist. Just seems like there are some missed opportunities. We were close to the front door, and got up from the photo bar and headed out. Seems like the 2-3 staff chatting at the entrance might have noticed us in revenue-generating mode and said something besides "thanks for coming in."As a Mac user, it wasn't lost on me that the Microsoft logos were covered up with stickers. Cntl Alt Delete. We are outta here.
4	Pretty cool place. I'd recommend to tourists or locals.
4	SHAKE IT LIKE A POLAROID PICTUREEEE! Such a unique and cute store in Vegas. The inside/layout reminds me of the apple store. You'll find lots of different frames here for your pictures and even various polaroid cameras. The staff are really helpful and welcoming.There are lots of computers in here so that you can access your fb, instagram, etc, or upload pics from your phone into this program so that you can print out polaroid pictures of the selected images. It's $1/print (min is 6 prints) for a standard sized polaroid picture. The bigger ones cost a bit more. Another cool thing is that the computers have full access to the internet so if you have time to kill or just needed access to the internet you can use it here to check e-mail, yelp, etc. The staff won't kick you out for itPictures are worth 1000 words so why not capture vegas memories and convert it into a polaroid? :)
5	Great Customer Service!!! We were there last night and my friend was picking her photos to print (34 pics) and the computer froze on her twice! She had to start over each time until the manager stepped in and tried to help. My friend was at the point of giving up and leaving until the manager helped and offered to comp her pictures if she did it one more time! It finally worked!! She also rushed the print job and we got our pictures in less than 20 minutes. I love this place and I will continue to do so.... As long as they don't change a thing and continue to provide excellent service!!
4	When I came here I did not get to play with any of the computer but having played in photography before I knew what Polaroid is all about. I loved Polaroid's and am super happy that this type of photo medium in not going extinct. You can get your photo take inside an old school photo which is super fun and touristy. They have a ton of cool things to put your photos in and play with. I had to hide my credit card when in here. I kind of love this store..... just wish I had more money.
5	I enjoy photography and went in just to check it out and I'm very glad that I did. There are only 5 of these stores in the US and I can see it expanding. It is so fun!!! So, you can get the usual stuff - Polariod film, cameras, picture frames, books, etc. But the fun is that you can have your pics printed right in the store and they'll make it look like Polaroid. I say "look" because it is mounted on thick cardstock, not on film. Anyways, after you get some pics printed you can get a frame for them. I ended up getting a frame that holds 12 pics by magnets. There are lots of different printing options if you don't like that - wood, metal, etc.There are lots of computers in the store so you don't have to wait long (if at all) for a computer. Plus you can also check it out and not buy anything. You can access pictures from FB, Flickr, Instagram, and other online sites. You can also download pics from your memory cards. The prints cost $1/pic for a standard size Polaroid. You can definitely get other sizes but they obviously cost more.Down side - pics take a while to upload. So if you're thinking you can drop in and get out within 20 minutes it's not going to happen. But that's not much of a down side. If you get a chance to go here, you need to at least check it out. The other stores are in Florida. Definitely can get stuff online as well.
5	I had some pictures on my phone and thought it would be fun to print some if them. The Fotobar staff was very helpful. We sat at a computer and step by step it walks you through downloading pictures to their service, editing them and putting text at the bottom. I had 16 photos printed and it took about 10 minutes to get the text that my order was ready. We were very surprised by the quality of the print. Not like old fashioned Polaroids at all, these are printed on heavy photo board stock. You can print pics from your phone or iPad, Facebook, Instagram, or internet. And once you create an account you can order online! We were very impressed!
3	I did not go to the museum (admission is $5) but I did shop at the store.I would give this more stars if the employees didn't keep pouncing on me like a used car salesman. I'd actually like to give it less stars when it comes to the customer service at the front desk.   There's a TON of empty computers waiting for people to play on it.  What they should do is have someone play on the computer so people can see what its there for.  Instead you walk around aimlessly, avoiding the employees asking "can I help you?" which you automatically reply "No".  Maybe they should say "Can I show you what this Fotobar is about?". Instead, they try to sell me shadow boxes!So I plop myself on a computer and created an account.  VERY EASY to start an account, and I used the photos from my Instagram and FB to create my own set of Polaroids ($1 a piece, minimum 6).  As I'm choosing my pics, the same 5 employees kept bothering me, asking me the same questions "Are you doing ok?", "Is there something I can help you?". "Ask me if you need any help".After I was done making my stuff, you'd think the same annoying employee would walk me to the cashier and ring me up.  No!! Its 2 slow employees who ring up people, and there's no organized way to queue up.As I was waiting to pay, I wanted to see a particular frame for my finished photos.  The girl who used to bother me all of a sudden couldn't be bothered to help me.  She had no opinion on which frame would suit me best, and agreed with me everytime I picked a color.DRONES, I tell ya! Drones!I waited 10 minutes to pay for my pictures.  Ridiculous!  There's too many employees ROAMING the store, and not enough to take your cash.So after I paid for my 10 polaroids, and a $42 picture frame, and I was told I'd get a text message when it was ready.  20 minutes later I get the text, and I walk back into the store, and guess what? The same ROAMING employees, who just saw me 20 minutes ago, asked me "Can I help you?" "Welcome to Fotobar" "Is there something I can show you?" "Do you want to see the shadow boxes" DRONES!!I walk to the sign that says "Pick up order" and waited, and waited, and waited 15 minutes for someone to show up. Finally I flagged a Drone and said "who's working this desk"?  No apologies, and someone shows up to hand me my pictuers.I'd love to give this 4 stars for the concept, but they really need to work out the bugs in customer service.
4	Genius idea!Have them print the pictures from our photo on any canvas you would like!Huge, spacious store, very helpful staff, fun ideas for creating everlasting memories right at the Linq, very cool stop, great for gifts as well!
5	great atmosphere, awesome music. #trancefamily :D the staff is more than helpful and offered numerous different tips on editing and gifting my order. they helped me place my pictures in different frames to see which would go better with my father's day pictures.love the concept of turning pictures on my phone into custom art. made a collage of pictures for father's day and purchased a rustic wooden frame to go along with it. my dad loved it and my entire family ended up placing orders online to be shipped out to California!while i went upstairs to the Polaroid museum and absolutely fell in love with the "silver clouds" exhibit. great job, Polaroid! way to make a comeback :D
5	Walking into this store I was immediately enticed by all of the colorful displays, and I wanted to know more. The employees were more than welcoming and had lots of product knowledge that they were willing to share with me. The process was super easy and quick, and I was so happy to finally be able to do something with all of my favorite photos that were trapped in my phone. I will definitely keep this store in mind for any future holidays, as my family has loved the prints and frames I have purchased for them so far. Overall awesome idea, and can't wait to fill up my house with all of my photos that I love so much!
3	Great idea... in theory!I think the whole $1/photo, min 6 photo thing is pretty cool. It's printed on a matte coaster-like thick cardboard, which definitely makes for a unique souvenir. Service here was great. You can plug in a variety of electronic devices (you just swap them your ID for a phone/USB cord or a micro/SD card reader). People seemed pretty helpful when we had questions. What I was disgusted by was the temperamental artifact of a computer, which crashed multiple times when I was doing an upload. Kind of strange that a store that prides itself on printing media through technology would have the gall to even let people use these computers! (You can tell that slow technology is not exactly my cup of tea.) When you choose your 6, after multiple times of choosing the same 6 and the program freezing, (I can't imagine what would happen if you wanted to print more), you get to add all these cool effects and filters-- but don't do that. It's DINOSAUR slow. I'm pretty sure I aged 2 years waiting to type in my simple, "VEGAS 2014" caption, and another 5 years applying the cool faded filter. Afraid the program will freeze again and I would have to start all over, I just decided to send it all off to print. No filter, no caption, no special anythings. I was pleased with the cool product and the uniqueness and variety of the store, but it was such a hassle to deal with those computers that I don't think I'd ever print in-store again. EVER.
5	This place is heaven for someone who loves the art of polaroid! I'm actually quite disappointed with myself for waiting so long to visit since I own a polaroid camera and find the concept just amazing.So the whole point of this store is print media. You're able to create polaroids with any pictures you like. The magic happens on one of their many computers so the chances of all of them being occupied is SLIM. You create an account and you upload your pictures onto your account via a text link, e-mail, Facebook, etc. They have different sizes you can choose along with how you want the polaroid to look like.. You can even add text. Now, I opted for the 6 photos, $1 ea. photo minimum. It's pretty out on matte style on thick cardboard-like stock. It takes roughly 20 minutes to process, but when you're browsing through this store those 20 minutes fly by FAST. You can get a lot of their decoration products they offer. I didn't get any this time, but believe me once my polaroid collection adds up I WILL BE BACK TO GET THEM or probably just DIY them myself, haha. You can go upstairs for $5 ea. to see their polaroid museum which showcase a lot of photographers works and you get to see all the different types of polaroid camera especially the world's largest one!I'LL BE BACK. I'LL BE BACK. I'LL BE BACK. That pretty much sums up my opinion on this place. I love the concept. I love the store. I love polaroids. What more can I say that can make you think about trying this place?!
1	Several websites online say that you can get into the museum section for free on Tuesdays with a local ID. It is really that you need to purchase something to get that free admission. The lady that works there said that it was probably in the fine print. It isn't unless you see the tiny sign out front. Here is the website where it is very unclear and doesn't say anything about making a purchase before visiting the museum. http://www.caesars.com/thelinq/events/linq-bloq-party.html"Polaroid Fotobar: FREE museum admission ($5 off for non-locals)"So, I did not check it out. I am not complaining about not getting something for free but I would have maybe purchased something or given this place as a recommendation to check out to other locals or when people visit if I was able to visit their museum. I thought that was the point of offering discounts like that to locals. But, it was crowded and tourists seemed to love it, so what do I know?
3	My husband and I found this place while we were checking out the new Ferris wheel section. I was really excited for this store and knew what picture I wanted to print right away! It was a few days from our 2 year anniversary so I wanted to print a wedding picture and but it in a shadow box.  We check out all the different shadow box colored frames to see which one would go best with the picture and settled on black (for a black and white picture), which seems like a common choice to me.  We ordered the picture and I went up to pay for it.  That day they were offering a discount on the frame that did not automatically come off so I had to request it which seemed a little sneaky to me.  Because if you were not paying attention you could have missed out on that discount.  Next she went to pull me a shadow box and there was none available under the counter in black, she looked very troubled.  She told another guy working the floor who went to look and brought up a display one.  Why would I pay full price for a display item.  This did not make me happy. I informed my husband who was not happy as well.  The workers kept asking us what we wanted them to do.  Umm why should we be solving their problem, they should be doing whatever they can to help us what they can offer us.  They did work with us on options that we suggested and eventually we came to an agreement but I was disappointed in the staff and how this was handled.  The quality of the picture was 5 stars but the service was a 2-3.
1	Buyer beware first the discount that I had to remind them about and now this.  I was here over a month ago and was rung up and then offer a discount for the floor model since that was the only choice.  They said they would refund me and then ring me up again.  Well as I was reviewing my credit card statement I see two charges from them and no refund! My husband call them to see what they could do and Charlene told us to wait longer as it could take the credit card company longer than 30 days to post the refund.  I have had refunds before and it has never taken this long to post!!  Poor customer service once again, thanks Polaroid!!
1	I had a very bad experience that really left me frustrated with Fotobar and ultimately led to questioning their systems/operations. The store reps did not have knowledge about the photos that I asked about (whether or not photobooks are created in store or commissioned). In an attempt to purchase large photos and prints at the store, their store computer crashed on three different occasions. On the last occasion the computer read "warning: memory low." The experience felt like a waste of 2 hours.
5	My new favorite store!First I need to preface that I particularly loved this store because of my love of photography. I was a fine art photography major in college, and for a few years worked as a professional wedding and portrait photographer. I have a pretty deep love not just for photography but for the history of photography and the Polaroid product in particular. Having said that - this is one of my new favorite places! Polaroid needed to do *something* to make themselves relevant, and this is it. The ability to print mounted keepsake photos from your phone instantly is great. The offer of purchasing specifically designed frames for your small or medium mounted prints in the style of old Polaroids is unique and clever. The entire staff in the store were very friendly and helpful. The actual prints themselves came out very nicely. Plus, you can order any of the products you see in store or prints online - so, instead of lugging large prints around the strip, I opted to visit the website from home. The quality of bamboo, metal, and lucite-mounted prints was higher than I anticipated. You can get high quality prints here without needing a professional lab connection. (I'm pretty darn picky about print quality, and I would recommend the prints to anyone.)I didn't pay the $5 to visit the museum, mostly because having been a fine art/photography major, I was fairly confident I already have a good grasp on the history of photography and have been to my fair share of art museums. I wish they offered a free pass if you make a purchase or something of that nature.
5	What a fantastic place!  You could spend hours in this great new concept store. Bringing back the old Polaroid concept with a modern twist. We stopped by for a brief moment and spent almost an hour in there! Thanks to a wonderful associate named Kaleo (I think that's her name). She was so patient with my 78 year old mom as she taught her how to download using her new smart phone!  She loves her job and is great with people. . Very warm and friendly. We wanted to thank her so much for making our experience so much fun, but she had already gone home for the night when we went back to pickup are pictures. We loved the concept and will definitely be back for more!
4	Just finished getting a photo + shadowbox! Friendly staff and great number of options for filters and making a perfect gift for a friend/family/yourself. When checking out, make sure you check for a promo code because I saved $4 off a gift for my mom. I chose the smallest photo, 3D option, and a bamboo shadowbox. Was going to be $23 (before tax) and ended up paying $19 (plus tax). My experience included a promotional deal for the photo & shadowbox.  *Prices subject to change*
4	Look, this place got me HOOK-LINE-SINKER. For just $1, you can get a cardboard polaroid of some of your favorite pictures straight out of instagram, FB, or from your phone. If you love instant gratification and memories and photos, this Fotobar ROCKS.If you're trying to get more out of it, that's when it can get pricey. The additions like a frame, or collage embellishments can tack on.
4	As a photographer, this place is heaven! The store is visually appealing and I wish I had that many Polaroids to decorate my house with. The Las Vegas Polaroid sign is definitely a clever attraction. I take a picture there every time I go. The create your own Polaroid area is super fun! You get to upload photos to their computers and print them for a low price. The only thing I was a little disappointed with was the alignment of the photo when the Polaroids were printed, they seem to be off-centered. Now the rest of the stores contains all sort of unique Polaroid items that you will see for yourself, however, everything else in this store seems to be overpriced, but I suppose it's reasonable considering how popular Polaroids are nowadays. Lastly, the second floor of the Polaroid Fotobar contains the Polaroid Museum. I wish it didn't cost money to go there. It wasn't all that cool and I personally think it's not worth the money to go to. Overall, this place is a fun and unique place to visit a few times, but other than that, you'd need a reason to go there again.
5	This place is awesome! It is at The Linq near the Flamingo and Harrah's, across Caesar's Palace. The first floor is basically for everyone who wants to print out their Facebook, iPhone, etc. pictures into Polaroid Cardboard prints. When printing, there's a lot of choices for sizes, and editting (filter, cropping, etc) was very easy. The employees were also very friendly and helpful. Another thing that makes this place popular is the polaroid cutout where you can take pictures.The second floor is the Polaroid Fotobar Museum. Entrance is $5. It shows you the history of polaroid and Andy Warhol's influence. I recommend to anyone who's interested with photography, fine art, etc.All in all, the experience was great.
2	I expected the $1 prints to be on actual poloroid film (naive I know, but thats what it seems like its advertised!).  Turns out if you want to print your photo on a poloroid film its $8.  The $1 stuff your photo is printed on card stock and the images look okay.  I mean its cute for a dollar, but I feel as though cheated from advertising lol :( .(minimum to print is 6)Good thing is this place is open pretty late.  The ambiance and setup is cute.  Plus when your photos are done printing they email you or text you so you can pick it up when your ready.PRO TIP:it is faster if you email the photos you want printed to the email given to you with your account.  If you want you can make an account @ home or whatever, email the photos you want printed to that account, login at the fotobar store, access your prints from "my account" and boom have it printed.  I mean yeah its cute and fun place, but it was a let down for me and I'm hoping next time Ill have a better experience.  & give it a more positive review.Hope this review helped.  Only giving it two stars tho bc I had the images I wanted printed on a flash drive and it was tough getting it uploaded onto their systems.
3	Nice store if you're into photography but not for me...didn't really find anything here interesting besides the fact that you can take photos and have them processed and printed here, but even then it's printed on normal photo paper and not actual Polaroid film. Not even sure how this company is still in business, much less have a store location on the Vegas strip.They have a tiny museum upstairs which is $5 to access but it's definitely not worth it since it's literally a single room of exhibits. The only thing notable in the museum was a timeline of old Polaroid cameras from when they were invented to the 2000's when they went away with the arrival of digi cams.
5	I love this place!! Polaroid prints on cardboard like material. When you first walk in there is someone to give you an insight of the fun you can build in the store. It's a whole new way of keeping memories made anywhere, especially in Vegas  The store offers many ways to make an awesome keepsake of your photos. They offer the regular size Polaroid prints for a $1 each, minimum purchase of 6 prints. Not bad at all. There are different ways of displaying the prints- magnets, frames, etc. I could have stayed in the store for hours. I got easily stuck in the store for two just deciding what I wanted printed and editing the pics. In addition, text can be added to the white area below the pic..I definitely would be back every time just to commemorate my time there haha.. These make awesome giveaways too!
4	It was a cool place to expose yourself to some old school photography innovation. There is a museum portion on the second level which is not as extensive as I would like it to be compared to other exhibits in museums I visited. I guess I'm spoiled by frequent visits to LACMA. The store is on the first floor and you can take pictures behind a gigantic Polaroid frame for some instant memories. You can even purchase prints on the spot by uploading photos to one of their many workstations inside the store. A plethora of cool keepsake items for purchase to display all those photographic memories in a nostalgic Polaroid way.
5	One of the best stores ever! =) Staff are always helpful & friendly. Definitely worth checking out if you are in the area.
5	I popped in here a few months ago and I can't wait to go back to Vegas just for this store.  We had fun customizing the photos we were going to print out.  I read some reviews that said no one was there to help them, but that wasn't our case.  We went on a weekend and it wasn't very busy.  There were lots of people walking around asking us if we needed any help.  As soon as they told me it was only $1 for a photo, I started going through all of my photos.  Yes you have to buy six, but that was no problem to find six pictures that I wanted to print.  In fact, it was hard to limit myself.  I'm not a big person on souvenirs, but this is a great way to remember a vacation.I hope they open one up closer to LA!
4	Loved the idea of being able to print pictures like a Polaroid from different sources without actually having a Polaroid camera. The process was very simple and I was able to upload from Facebook, Instagram, and through text from my phone. However, they print the pictures on a cardboard instead of the actual film. I guess it's what you get for paying $1 per picture. Service was good overall and it's a nice souvenir to bring back home.
5	So cool!You are able to turn your photos into polaroid style prints!You walk in and the decor is great. There's polaroids all over and there's a nice large photo frame on the right that makes for some fun pictures. There's computers all in the center of the room and these are what you use to select and print your photos. You go to the computer and create an account. It's easy, and they don't send you a bunch of emails. It's strictly to print the photos. So you do this, and then you can select photos from your cell phone, facebook, instagram, etc. Depending on where you're getting the photos from, you either log onto your social media, or email the photo from your phone to your account. It pops up on the computer and you can select the photos you want to print. Then you can have them vertical or horizontal. This is awesome, because some of my photos cut out faces. But I turned them horizontal and they came out just perfect. You can also type out phrases or descriptions to the bottom of the photos. Search around on the internet real quick for any discount coupons. We found one for 20% off and got our 9 photos for about $7. It's usually $1 per photo, which is cheap in my opinion. But the discount code is even better. There's also a minimum purchase of 6 photos per transaction. And then from there, payment was easy. Submit your order and then head to the counter to pay. They printed our pictures in about ten minutes and then they were ready! We also got buy one get one free shadow boxes!Super cool place worth checking out while walking the strip!
5	The prices aren't as bad as you think they would be (very good value!), the products are good quality, the staff (shout out to the girl Sam who helped us) is very helpful and patient, I even tipped her because she was so awesome. Had a wonderful time. Sam definitely set the mood for our (my group of 4 friends and me) experience tonight by giving recommendations and helping us with everything and taking awesome photos for us. Wonderful experience. Can't wait to see California locations pop up soon :)
2	A complete waste of time. This is a glorified printer for pictures you already have on your phone or handy internet-compatible device. Props to them for situating themselves on a foot-traffic-friendly section of the Strip, but whoever named the upstairs portion a Polaroid "Museum", clearly doesn't know the meaning of the word.$5 is cheap, but I'd rather buy five gas station hot dogs than pay that for the tiny room I browsed with basic photos and a display of cameras. I'm no professional photographer, but I've been to a Warhol exhibit so the featured prints were nothing special- nor would they be to anyone who has seen a documentary.As for the cameras on display, I own two off them. I find this place to be a waste of time. Unknowledgeable staff hellbent on upselling, and it's basically just a print shop. Not even a quality one at that.
3	Pretty cool store.  You can find them at The Linq in Las Vegas.  Thought it was interesting to see the name of the store.  I figured that they must sell Polaroid cameras, but I did not spot any for sale.  Maybe there were some in their museum.  The Polaroid museum is located on the second floor, and it costs $5 to check it out (which I did not do).I did not check out the store too much either.  Did notice that they had plenty of computer stations set up around the store.  I believe you can have your pictures printed here for those special memories.  They have a couple of large picture frames set up where people can have their pictures taken.  Of course, we made sure to have our photos taken there as well.Cool place to check out.  It was a good break from the hot temperatures outside.
4	You can print Polaroid cardboard pic (not the greatest quality) for $1 each with supposedly 6 minimum but I reduced the quantity right before check out and it allowed me to print 5. Pictures were ready in ~15min if they're not busy. I ordered 1 with 3D (with gel encapsulation basically so it won't fade as easy) but it turned out a little blotchy. The manager said that it's because the glue is not settled yet. He said I can go back tonight if it's still not good. There're not much editing you can do to the pictures: no cropping or zooming. The filters selection is sort of limited as well. Anyway, if it's just for fun souvenir, it's acceptable. They also sell a lot of Polaroid holders, frames or shadowbox.
5	Awesome little store and museum. You can get photos made or just check out the free ( on some days) museum on the second story. The staff is all really helpful and nice. I don't see how some yelpers could complain it's basically the fun of Polaroids but using your existing Instagram, Facebook etc.
5	Polaroid Fotobar is revolutionizing how to print, frame and enjoy your cell phone photos. So easy... So affordable... Anyone can do this! Come & check it out ... In Las Vegas at the LINQ
5	Went by today and the Museum is now FREE- it was $5 for awhile but they have now made it a part of the overall experience which is a nice touch to the store. Great store- worth the trip to the Linq- but you have to sit and play w/the computers to understand the experience- cool store-
5	Such a fun store!! So many sizes and styles to choose from for my pictures. Printed out my own photos from my cellphone which was super easy too! They can pull pictures off Instagram also. Everyone was incredibly helpful.Checked out their FREE museum and even bought a photo from the cool green screen picture they take. Definitely a spot worth seeing!
5	Great concept to turn all digital files into the classic style of Polaroid. Quick and easy to create an account and upload files to the website to print. Very helpful and friendly employees around to answer any questions and give advice on products. Awesome FREE museum upstairs showcasing various artists and a great area of Andy Warhol's images as well as old cameras. Great addition to the Las Vegas Strip and I will definitely be back again. I encourage all my friends and family to go check out the store and print some pictures.Ps Amanda was super nice when we went up to pay at the register. She helped us pick out the colors for all of our shadow boxes and had such a great attitude.
5	This place is super cute!  I made some Polaroids while my friends and I came by the Linq and they came out really nice.  Each Polaroid you make is $1 but you need to make a minimum of 6.  I made the Polaroids as a gift for my boyfriend since he couldn't come with me to Vegas and he really liked them.  The quality is really nice and totally worth the $6.  The staff is really helpful.  Make sure you connect your smartphone to the WiFi if you're planning on emailing the pictures you want to use to your fotobar email address.  I really wish I could have gone back because I think I'm addicted to creating these Polaroids!
4	So many great gift ideas here!  I got the 6 picture shadow box and it looks so much cooler than your standard picture collage frame. With the shadow boxes, you stick a magnet on the back on the pictures and then there's magnets in the shadow box that the pictures cling to. This is nice because it's easy to swap out pictures or move them around.The pictures print on a fairly thick cardboard and you have the option of adding captions below them. Editing the pictures is super easy at the store and there's lots of computers available. You can bring your pictures in on a flash drive, load them  from your phone, email them, or even take them straight from instagram or facebook. You can also set up an account beforehand and load the pictures onto your fotobar account before you go to the store. Like instagram, you can add various preset filters and change the contrast, saturation and so on. It's a pretty straightforward process, but there were also employees readily available to offer assistance. Once you're done you just pay up at the counter before the pictures get printed. You can either have them email you or text you when the pictures are done. Super easy! They told me it would be about 15 minutes, but I don't think it took more than 5.While I was waiting for the pictures, I took a walk around the now free museum. Glad this is no longer $5 because it's certainly not worth it. I guess it's neat to check out, and a good way to pass the time while waiting for pictures to be printed, but certainly not something worth making a special trip to see.My one big complaint about this place is that you have to print a minimum of 6 pictures if you choose the standard small picture size. They're $1 each which is already a little on the steep side, so  having to print 6 if you really only want a few is a pain. They also sell single picture shadow boxes so it seems like they should then offer the option to print 1 picture. Oh well. I'll be probably be back, but I guess I need to wait until I have 6 pictures I really want printed!
3	Fun store with great ideas.  Museum is okay but the store seemed a little dirty.  Customer service was great and friendly.  Wanted to take a picture with their green screen for $1 but found out later you have to but a minimum of six pictures.
4	This place is so fun! There are a lot of different options to print photos from your phone (turn those Instagram pics into real prints!) We (first) got lured into the Polaroid store by the giant (touristy, mind you)  Polaroid cut out that you could take photos in. The store is located in the Linq complex/area... on the left if you're heading to the highroller from the strip. You will likely not be able to miss the giant picture cut out. When we went in we found another photo opportunity with the indoor Polaroid cut out (much better background). An employee had informed us of an actual photobooth that they have... which we gladly participated in. I'm sure there was an option to just have the photos emailed but we chose to have them printed... 6 for $6... on little cardboard Polaroids. Call me cheesy, but I love those little things! I also printed 6 photos from my phone for $6 :).On our second visit (came back for more prints) we explored the museum located upstairs. It didn't cost us anything to get in and aestheticly it was amazing. I am by no means a museum expert or a photo snob... so maybe that's why it was particularly easy to amuse me... but I found the museum to be pretty fantastic and I loved looking at the photos (Andy Warhol focus, of course)... especially the huge color mural of photos! I'm about due for more photo prints and I'd like to explore some of the other options that they have... metal and glass frames in addition to larger cardboard Polaroids... so I definitely will be returning! If you're wandering around the Linq area, its really a great place to stop by!
5	This place is awesome!! It's a little pricey but the amazing concept is totally worth it! The staff here is really friendly making sure any questions you have are answered.If you're making an order for photos, their website is super neat and gives you the option to connect to Facebook, Instagram, and send a text to your phone so you can upload photos to print directly from there. You can also connect to other photo & social media websites.As far as variation & options, the opportunities are endless! The polaroid prints can be printed on all different kinds of paper and can be inputted into various frames that can be purchased at the store.
5	THIS PLACE IS SO EFFING COOL!!!!! I'm so glad that it opened up! The best thing about this place is the MAKE YOUR OWN POLAROID option. They have computers sitting around the room for you to print out (thicker, almost cardboard thickness) polaroids of your own pictures.  Hint: its probably faster to email your pictures to their email address rather than text it. I tried several times to text but it never went through, but email was quick and seamless. So you add your pictures, and you can add text or borders to your pictures. Then you pay up front, and wait for them to call out your name (usu around 15 min) and voila! you have your awesome polaroid pics! They have free wifi for you to connect to (a luxury, I don't know why las vegas strip as a whole doesn't offer free wifi yet), and they have items on sale there for you to purchase to put your pictures in. They have cute tshirts for you to buy, and a free polaroid museum upstairs! I love the new linq area and i love that there's a new shop here for us instagram/ hipster/picture taking people!
4	Polaroid cameras bring me back to the happy place in the 80's when the only way to see your photo was when you shook the photo and waited for the image to be revealed. Today, of course, it's much different. Polaroid is making a comeback. I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw all the vintage cameras. The store was set- up in a very cool retro way. I love the display cases and ways to feature or print your pictures in various shapes and sizes. There were over a dozen computers available to order your prints from. Their prices seem reasonable for printing out single pictures. You could even add text, change the image exposure, change the contrast, make it sepia or black and white. The employees seem helpful, although, the girl at the front door didn't seem to know that they still had quite a bit of cameras in stock. She said that they were sold out. Good thing I always double check. The pictures took about 15 minutes to be printed. I expected the prints to be the same glossy style as I was used to. They are still super cool. The frames and larger prints seem pricey. Overall awesome idea & cool store/location.
5	The only reason to come to the LINQ, in my humble estimation.I was headed to ride the High Roller (Y A W N...see my review), but stopped off here first, because I heard they had a cool free museum upstairs. They do, and it's BAD ASS! If you're at all interested in photography, you'll dig the shit out of this place. I'm also a huge Andy Warhol fan, so was delighted to see that a significant part of the museum is devoted to his Polaroid portraits. Really interesting to look at! Plus there's a super-lifelike wax mannequin of Warhol to pose with.Aside from historical displays of old Polaroid cameras and information about the awesome inventor, there are also plenty of fun, interactive displays and photo ops. The gift shop downstairs is full of interesting, funky stuff too.This museum was free, but for me it was MUCH more interesting and fun than the High Roller, which was $40. Check it out!
5	A very creative new concept to make memorable, custom vacation keepsakes. The Polaroid Fotobar also has a cool museum on the second floor, which I'd recommend checking out (a good way to kill 30 min or so). I really liked the fotobar - you can select photos off of your phone/camera or social media (Instagram, Facebook, etc) and create custom Polaroid prints. Prints are $1 each if you select at least 6 photos, or if you purchase one of the cool frames that are for sale throughout the store. The photos take about 15 min to print, so go ahead and order and take the opportunity to check out the museum and or the LINQ retail promenade.
5	Absolutely brilliant!! A new look to an old product. Poloroid fotobar has friendly service where any one you ask questions to are extremely helpful and willing to help you get what you want. There are lots of computers available to get you photos printed within 10mins but if you're far away shipping is available.I'm a big photo hoard & these are just another way of giving life to some of the pictures I've taken.Have fun & check this place out or go onlineWWW.poloroidfotobar.com
5	I absolutely had a great time at the Poloroid Fotobar at the Linq in Las Vegas. The staff was friendly and helpful the whole time. They didn't rush you and took the time to show me and my girlfriend how to upload our pictures and edit them using their program. We had a great experience over all and even got to print out our own pictures and purchased a frame. You will also notice that there is a neat Polaroid museum upstairs that you can explore while you wait for your pictures to be printed. There's lots to look at and lose yourself in nostalgia with displays and art pieces related to photography over the years. I will definitely be coming back next time I am in town.
5	Personally I've only owned one Polaroid and I don't even know where it is anymore... It was fun but this place makes me remember those young days... The history of the company, the rise and falls of success and failures was very intriguing. Being able to see others capture moments in time was a great experience! The bright, vivid colors and the technology were astounding. My wife on the other hand decided to purchase a few of their prints, which allows you to put onto canvas or card stock pictures from Facebook, Instagram or your smart phone. The staff were friendly and very accommodating. We were able to get what we wanted and even took a few candid photos to print off for the holidays. We will definitely be back again for sure as this is located on the center of the strip at the Linq. Ceasars entertainment made great moves by developing this former parking lot into a quad. Polaroid will be here for a while and customers will continue to flock to the area as it is a hit! Thanks for helping us preserve the memories!
4	This place is so fun! I probably spent 3 hours at the Fotobar, shopping, and taking pictures against the green screen and two huge Polaroids. The Fotobar is a perfect place to get gifts for sentimental recipients. The prints are ready within 15 minutes and there are cute frames to surround the pics. Glad there are stored in Cali!
5	Stumbled upon this place while walking the new Linq area. What a find! If you remember and love Polaroids, you will love this place. You can make any picture you have into a Polaroid. You can customize the polaroid and you can add personal saying to the picture. I was able to upload my pictures from my iPhone to the site very quickly without difficulties. I'm not the most tech savvy, but the staff is friendly and help you step by step. The store is very large and there are plenty of computers to use. Best thing is that each Polaroid was only $1!! Printed on very thick stock card type material. We ordered the prints and they were ready within 10 minutes. It was fun and the end product is great. Luckily we can order more prints online and there are new stores opening up in California. I will definitely be back when I visit Vegas again. Can't wait to print more pictures!
1	Staff has no product knowledge and needs to be trained.Receipt has no return/exchange policy printed on it. Phone number on the receipt is wrong. You will have to look up the correct phone number on their website if you would like to contact this store location. Aside from not knowing anything about their products, associates are dishonest and will sell you an open box product without explaining or even mentioning it to you. I would give zero but let's face it. Location is great. You get to take selfies and will be able to use their PC for FB, IG while waiting for your pictures to print. Polaroid is polaroid, it sells itself. They just need a new team or re-train their team to represent their brand.
5	Jennifer was very helpful and was great, dealt with us with professionalism and courtesy. Mckayla was great the store was wonderful, everyone was very helpful and courteous. Will visit again !
4	I knew I had to make a stop at this place when I came to Vegas! I'm so glad that I did because I ended up printing tons of polaroid pictures for myself and as gifts for friends! The actual print itself is not on real polaroid paper, it's printed on a thick cardstock material. The photo is printed matte as a default, but I know you can choose a glossy option. You can also change the layout of the print to landscape! Many options (a good thing)! The process to upload pictures itself was super easy for me and the print quality came out exactly as I expected. If you are using your phone to upload, make sure to connect to their free wifi! One thing to note - if you want to crop your pictures a specific way, make sure to do so before you upload your photo. There isn't actually a crop option on the program in the store.  I also loved that there were many creative display ideas all over the first floor of the store. Although it can be a bit overwhelming, it's guaranteed that you'll find anything you need for a nice gift or something for yourself.As for the service - the lady who finished my purchase at the counter was incredibly nice. I purchased a Groupon for my prints and had absolutely no problem with using it. The people working there actually don't bother you too much when you're working at the computer. I liked that a lot since I hate when people try to offer advice especially when I know exactly what I want haha. Pick up was FAST! I only waited about 10 minutes for my prints to come out. One thing, though -- when I picked them up, the guy behind the counter only gave me half my order. I had to ask him where my other half was since they separate the orders by ~15 prints. Make sure you double check that you received everything you paid for!There's a cool polaroid museum on the second floor, so be sure to check that out!
5	So fun! We were there late in the evenings, so it was pretty empty. The software is super easy to work and the problem was narrowing down the ones to print. They had great choices for displaying the prints, and it was hard to pick from those, too! The thing to remember is to pay for the prints and then wait to pick them up. Wandered upstairs to some really nice Polaroid displays and some fun with Andy. Having grown up with Polaroid, I miss the transience of the medium and the immediacy of the print, so this was a fun time, plus some affordable Christmas gifts!
5	Printing out kodak prints was super easy. Make an account and hook your phone to the computer, select the photos you want and depending on how busy they are they come out in a hr or so. While waiting there's sprinkle cupcake across the way or kitson to shop at. I can't wait to make more prints.
4	I had the chance to take a private, guided tour of the museum on the second floor of the Polaroid Fotobar.  I enjoyed it very much.  I grew up having several different models of Polaroid cameras in our house, so some of it was something of which I was aware.The Warhol section of the museum was really interesting.  I didn't know that Warhol did so much with the Polaroid and it was good to look at the photos on the wall of celebrities that he and photographed.Our guide was well versed in all things Polaroid and was able to answer any of the questions put to him by members of the group.I looked at some of the items for sale on the first floor but there was nothing that particularly caught my eye so I left having had a good time learning more about Edwin Land and his vision for the company.I'd recommend this for someone who wants to learn some history of how photography got to where it is today.
4	Such a cool place. I just popped in here to look around because it was cold outside but totally fell in love. The museum upstairs is sooo cool. Would love to come back by for another visit.
4	I really love the idea of being able to print my pictures on thick card stock and them looking like real Polaroids. I originally went because we got a coupon from riding on the High Roller and I'm glad we went! With smaller Polaroids, the minimum purchase is 6 but they're only $1 each so it's not too bad. Their medium size pictures are $10 and their large ones are $15. Not too bad but it can get pricey. The store is cute and has tons of accessories but they're all a little pricey in my book. I'm just a cheapass. It's just nice to be able to print off some selfies for cheap. :) now I have pictures of my boyfriend and I all over our room :DP.s. I would check your photos before you leave! We had a blemish on two pictures so they just had them remade. Very professional and I appreciated it.
5	Had a blast here!! Polaroid museum was cool. I ended up buying 20 prints.  I uploaded from my phone and they made it a Polaroid, took about 20 min. Very cool, now I'm thinking about buying a Polaroid camera since the film is back, pretty pricey but it takes me back to the 80's when I had the 600 and the izone.
