4	Duck Duck Duck... In any form, media and shape... but alive.... you can find them at Le Canard Libere.Shop Shop Shop... My friends were so excited, flocking around the store... duck this.. duck that.. how to eat this, how to eat that... pate? sausage? can? frozen? oil?  stock? I just want to chill and eat my Le Canard Poutine ($15.95).. The lady asked me with fears in her eyes if I going to finish that by myself... I should have said OUI!! No Sharing! Of course all of us just dug into one of the best Poutine we had in Montreal likes there's no tomorrow... Luckily, I got some Foie Gras to take home... so I can sip my bubbly and just have a taste of Montreal when I get home!
5	My wife and I were on a vacation to Montreal and I heard about this duck market, and I was on a quest, NAY! A mission to find fois gras.This store had only duck. There was dead duck everywhere. It was like a canard heavan. Fois gras liver was spilling out of this place like an overweight lady with a halter top over her too tight shorts.The freezers were packed, the fridges were full of the over fed goose liver.We didn't buy anything, but the vast assortment of Donald and Daffy was amazing. If I lived here, this would be a monthly trip for sure.
4	So sad...We walked all the way to Le Canard Libere and thinking I can have a taste of their Poutine again.... but they no longer has that on the menu anymore.The service though is still so good! The staff let me sampled some of their products and so welcoming too!On a happier note, now I can find a lot of their duck products in grocery stores in Toronto area... but where are the Foie Gras! I want that!!! I want!!!
4	Now this is MY kind of place - a gourmand shop dedicated to ALL things DUCK & Foie Gras. You bet I left with goodies!!
4	What a duck luvers paradise (the gourmet kind). Foie Gras! Foie Gras everywhere with a reasonable prices to boot this is a must if you want a one stop shop for all your duck related product needs. This place has a modern and clean look which is in contrast from the usual purveyors of food products in big marches' that  line Montreal. They also other items like some cooking books, spices etc and when they are on clearance can make them worthwhile.The prices were very good for Foie Gras and are much lower for frozen stuff when comparing with the store in the marches'.They also sell gelato which is interesting but a good way to diversify their clientele. As other YEB/YDB mentioned they don't have the poutine anymore so I missed out on it. I think I have found my new place to load up before heading out of Montreal. I think they can use with a tasting area of sorts (the only sign of trouble in foie gras paradise)
