5	If you feel stuck in your business, life, health etc or all of the above. The life coaching techniques that Lisa employs can really help you get moving in the right direction again. It's like being able to breath when before you were suffocating, thanks so much. Since working with you (in less than 6 months) my business volume has tripled, my relationships with my wife and kids have greatly improved, and I feel great.
5	I've been working with Lisa for a couple years now. Going to her seminars, workshops and one-on-one individual and couples coaching. She taught me a lot that continues to serve and resonate with me. Learning better ways to discover and practice what's in alignment with me. Clearing negative energy. She is also great at teaching the games we play in relationships and I look forward to more events centered around this. I would, and have, recommended Lisa to friends and acquaintances. If you're looking for "tough" love, she may not be the best fit but her gentle nature put me at ease quickly. I look forward to more lessons on our journey together.
5	I met Lisa through my employer, and I was originally seeing a counselor to better understand what it all meant. At the time, I had a hard time understanding what Lisa was teaching because I still didn't know who I was. Lost between a boy and a man, it was difficult to even understand what it meant to be successful, much less, why should I even care?After going through many sessions with my counselor, I gained an understanding that everything in life happens in a way where we are led to the answers when we are ready. After all of the pieces in my life started puzzling together one by one, I stopped going to my counselor and went through many more sessions with Lisa.For my own experience, Lisa's coaching transformed and shifted my life to new perceptions I never thought possible. My company's revenue went up 45% after coaching with her, and I was more positive, self accepting, and empowered. The reason why this happens is because Lisa focused on the root causes of why I was limited. I realized everything comes from my own thoughts of self-worth, and coaching with Lisa helped clear so many of these wrong perceptions.There is one thing that money cannot buy, and that is complete peace and knowledge of well-being. When I coached with Lisa, I found an individual who truly cared about my life's destination and someone passionate about the direction of humanity as a whole. Counseling and coaching aside, I have met very few people with a heart as big as Lisa; not only did she become my guide, her friendship is very dear and cannot be replaced.If anyone ever needed someone to be on the sidelines, helping them get up when they're down and under, I would highly recommend Lisa Ulshafer.
5	I met Lisa 3 years ago, and since then she has become a huge part of my life. Prior to her, I graduated from PSI Basic Los Angeles in 2006. PSI was my 1st powerful experience with the realm of personal growth. I was introduced to Lisa by a mutual friend when I moved back to Vegas. Since then she has helped me tremendously in my personal and business life. If I had to narrow it down, the one thing that she really helped me with is living an authentic and transparent life. Being true to myself and to others has been one of the most liberating feelings of all. She taught me that the only way to achieve true happiness and inner peace is to be comfortable in my own skin and to express myself the way that I am. I no longer feel like I have to pretend to be someone that I am not. She has also helped my younger brother when he was going through some tough times and I've referred her to many of my friends and patients. To achieve total health is to have a balance between the body, mind, and spirit. I take care of the body, she takes care of the mind. Together we make a great team. My family, friends, and patients all adore her. She is gentle and kind. She doesn't judge you for who you are. Being with her is not intimidating and she knows what she is doing. She is so much more than a life coach.
5	Since attending Lisa's workshops I have honestly been opened to a new world. I can't even describe it accurately but since meeting Lisa I have grown immensely in business as well as have found new relationships with others that are more in line with my personal desires and goals. I believe that practicing this material and these ideas is the only way to master them which is why I keep coming back.
5	I have been working with Lisa for just over a year and she has truly helped me change my life for the better. Her one-on-one sessions and her group workshops are all so valuable -- every time I see her I make progress in my personal journey. She has helped me reduce stress and improve my quality of life by helping me become present and focus on what's important and what I am grateful for and can appreciate. I'm certainly grateful for Lisa and everything she has done for me - thank you, Lisa!
