3	Quite small and in a fairly grim setting, you can sometimes forget this branch of New Look is so close to the high street. I actually spent a good while over the past fortnight doing just that, and wandered the length of Princes Street twice looking for it.When I eventually remembered it was here, I was fairly disappointed since it's quite a small branch. Selling a number of really long maxi dresses just now, I've got to say I thought this New Look were selling the cheaper looking stuff that the shop often sells. It's an odd high street store, because you usually can either find some absolutely stunning skirts made of good quality material, or some really naff, fake frilly summer frocks that look like they haven't been ironed. This isn't particularly to do with this New Look, it's common of all of them. It just seemed there was more of the latter on display in this branch, but that's probably to do with the limited space this unit has.They did have some of their sale stock still available, and their London range can be found at the back of the store which is a good contrast against the heavily pastel coloured window displays. They also had a number of "going out" dresses, high heels and, if you're wanting to go casual, an amazing jeans collection. The staff were helpful and really efficient, while also seeming to enjoy their job. That's why I don't want to slag this outlet off too much. It just seems, sadly, that they can't showcase New Look's best bits to their full potential because they are hindered by the size. It would be nice to see this central shop take its place on Princes Street proper, rather than be hunched up in here. I'm not the biggest fan of Princes Mall - it's a bit run down for a shopping centre set in the heart of town, and I feel like this New Look may be overlooked by many because it's stuck in here. If it had room to stretch out and sell a more extensive range of clothing  that the other stores boast, it would fair better. Move to Princes St, you will prosper!
