3	Shakey Jake's is a new BBQ Soul food style joint  just over the river on the South side of 35th Avenue. It's only three weeks old and they are busting a bit at the seams with customers. This cramped feeling might change in the future if the owner can expand into the suite next door. Any place that needs more space after the first three weeks must be doing something right. Time to taste what the "BBQ that will Shake you Up" was all fussin' about. You will smell the smokey BBQ flavors when you enter. The red shirts of employees crisp and working in the back. One register for now so the entry is a bit cramped and there was a line to wait in. When we got to our turn we ordered up a feast. Full rack of family Ribs,  three sides (we chose the yams, the greens and the mac and cheese--there was no corn option though...) a whole chicken, two catfish singles and drinks. Then we got a number and headed back to our seats. While we waited (about 20 minutes) we were unfortunately stuck watching an infomercial television and hearing music far too loud for conversation. The bathroom was locked and we had to get someone to open it, in there the music was 3 times as high and my daughter had to go to the bathroom while covering her ears. I hope they tone that down.Our food came, no chicken or cornbread so I had to go wait up in the line again. When I got to the front the chicken mistake was mine, I didn't check the receipt and apparently we hadn't got it on the bill either, so I ordered it up. When I went back to the table my partner showed me the ribs. They told me I'd have to go back up and return them, they were burnt. I told them to do it, I was starving and wanted to dig in to the sides they had already eaten while I was in line! The yams were mushy and cinnamon tinged, buttery, almost like pie filling not mashed completely though. I actually like that flavor, so enjoyed them. The greens were hot! I mean there is spice and pork in them. These are fresher greens than I've gotten in most soul food places and the hottness was new as well. I thought they were a good shake-up for sure. The mac and cheese suffered from a very common new business mistake. It was obviously made ahead and reheated. To ensure that Mac and cheese stays creamy, they should seperate the pasta and cheese and once an hour mix up enough to serve fresh.  Because it wasn't done that way, the family recipe seemed to be without creaminess or seemed to lacked cheese. You can't make cheddar ahead or it will seperate. Hopefully they will pick up that tip of the trade soon, or I wouldn't order the mac and cheese in the future.The chicken and cornbread arrived and the smokey saucy flavor poured out. Our mouths were salivating. Some parts of the chicken were pretty dark, but we pulled the flesh apart like carnivores and dredged it into the spilled sauce all around. Really great flavor, but the chicken was a bit too dry for me.  We packaged up the chicken and awaited our replaced ribs. Unfortunately they forgot about us. While we waited we finished the sides, ate up the catfish which had an excellent breading and the fish was juicy tender, then we ate the cornbread. The bread was in a medium sized muffin shape,  very sweet and sticky. This place needs some wipes! The wet kind, paper towels were just sticking to us.After 40 minutes had passed,  and after watching scores of customers get served we knew we had been lost in the shuffle. Up I went to wait in line a third time, this time to remind them that we were waiting on a full rack of ribs to come out. Everyone in the kitchen thought someone else had taken care of it, but  they were very sorry for the wait and the confusion. They took the ribs off our bill. Knowing we still obviously wanted dinner, they said a fresh rack would be incoming shortly. Then the owner came in and greeted me, we expressed the whole evening so far  to him and he was very appreciative of the comments and said, "That's what we need to hear, we are a brand new first time restaurant all family owned, so we appreciate what you can share to help us do right by you." While we waited for the ribs he comped a peach cobbler so we wouldn't be hungry.Then the ribs came out and OMG were they stellar! Hot, juicy, saucy, savory... above all THEY were what we had wanted to see when we dropped in. If I had gotten these ribs, with the sides and chicken and time went smooth from the get-go I would add stars. The smokiness is really a big part of what makes the BBQ work here and what makes it different than all the other places. I am hoping that this place can work out the kinks in their system, things were too shaky at Shaky Jakes on my first visit; however,  this is a very sincere owner who put themselves in a location that needs them. Despite the two star visit, I gave them three for trying to fix everything. I would return and hope for four stars then.
2	I was nervous about trying this place, but decided to give it a chance since it is so close to our house.  I walked in and the line was out the door, I took this as a good sign.  However, there were about 10 people ahead of me and I stood in line for about 30 minutes before I placed my order.  Once I placed my order I waited another 15 minutes for my food.  I order the brisket and pork. I ahve to say that there isn't any quality control at this place.  The meat was all mixed together and there were large amounts of chopped fat and bone mixed with the minimal portions of meat.  There was so much BBQ sauce that I couldn't taste the difference between the pork or the brisket, it was just sauce.We also got the beans and mac and cheese for sides.  Blah Blah Blah, not impressed at all.  Still waiting for some quality food in the laveen area.  For the amount of time I had to wait I would have expected more, much more.  Next time I crave BBQ, I will drive the 40 minutes to Joe's BBQ in Gilbert.
3	I noticed the sign for Shakey Jake's before it even opened. I waited paitiently for it to wait... I love barbeque! :) When it finally opened, my mom and I tried to get some grub there when we walked up, the cutest little boy came out of the resturant and told us they were close and would be open again tomorrow. We left disappointed but still wanted to give Jake's a try.Over a month later, we finally did get a chance to do just that.We entered Shakey Jakes and saw a nice, new & clean place. There was a large counter, and several red t-shirt wearing workers dishing up what looked & smelled like yummy barbeque. We waited in line and were handed menus. The walkways were narrow and left a small amount of space to sit. We were feeling the scrunch! We then sat down with our menus and chose our meals.I went back to the register & was disappointed in the fact that they didn't have any more MacNCheese and there was some miscommunication when it came to my mom's order. I thought it came with Fries... and it didn't, it comes with a side dish. My mom wanted Cole Slaw AND fries... instead I accidentily ordred JUST cole slaw... but they charged me an extra fee for the cole slaw... so really, I just got screwed out of a side dish and it was pretty much downhill from there.I didn't see the lil baskets of utensils and lids and straws on top of the very tall deli case. I had to take our recipt and the cups and I pourd our drinks and sat down. The TVs were SO damned loud we were shouting at eachother. I wanted to scream "can you PLEASE turn that down?!" My mom had to use the rest room and I told her she needed a key, which I learned from a previous review.Anyway, finally our food came and our order number was called and I got up thinking I had to bring it to the table, when their server told me to sit down and that she'd bring it to us... ummm... okay? but as she did, she told us that the utensils were by the register. WTF?! ARGHHH!! I was JUST there!! It was ackward, uncomfortable, annoying and frustrating.So i got up AGAIN, if I could have just picked up my own order, I could have also gotten my utensils in one big graceful swoop. I THINK the owners need to give out those lil numbers for their tables, think Carl's Jr. So there's no more confusion. AND give out those lil bags with utensils, napkin, salt & pepper packets. Because I'm 5'6" and I had to get on my TIPPY Toes to see what the hell was in those baskets! Also, I ordered two medium sodas, and none of their lids fit. They were TOO small or TOO large!The cashier was really nice, but the smaller things made this place intolerable. I couldn't walk to our table without hitting EACH and every single table and chair... ugh, that's the last thing I need. a reminder that maybe having yet another meal out is the LAST thing I should be subjecting my body to.I sat down and looked at my plate, the fuck?! I ordered pork ribs, and they gave me beef. I looked at the recipt and it said... beef. *harsh sigh* lucky for them, they both cost the same! I remembered reading their sign underneith the cashier that said they'd be happy to help you out if there's anything wrong with your order IF the food was untouched and IF you still had your recipt. sooooo... because the cashier hit beef instead of pork and I paid - I was screwed.Choosing to just go with it, I opened up my side dishes and the yams were good. nothing great, but still good. The cole slaw was way too sweet for me. The corn bread was good!! The highlight of the meal! their cornbread is better than LoLo's! There I said it! I just wish Shakey Jake's would make theirs bigger. The ribs were VERY good, they had a serious smoke ring and the sauce had a nice bite to it. My mom didn't care for her sandwich, she said there wasn't enough sauce and that the meat was very fatty. She liked the yams and the coleslaw. We both agreed that the peach cobbler was YUMMY! I just wish they baked it longer.When we left, I was full and not as aggravated like I was before. I do want to give Shakey Jake's another chance (maybe without my mom). To my yelpers, if you go - be sure the check your recipt, get your utensils right after you order & expect a server to bring your food when it's done.
2	Blah. Always excited to try new south side fair I headed in on Friday, the place was dead and the TV's were blaring. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich and waited about 30 minutes for my order and it was horrible. The pork was fatty and dry and they tried to disguise it by adding a gallon of BBQ sauce on top. The sauce itself was too sweet and the side of beans tasted like chili. Overall it was barely edible. The tables were sticky and needed a serious wipe down. Hopefully the service and food improves with age.
1	YUUKK!!!That pretty much describes this place.  We went there on Sunday afternoon for lunch.  Only 1 person in line in front of us.  I ordered the 2 meat combo, rib tips and hot links...sides of mac & cheese and potato salad.   ...it took about 40 mins to get my food.  But I told myself if it was good...then it's worth the wait.  But by God it wasn't good at all.  The mac & cheese had no flavor at all...i mean none.  The potato salad was very flavorless as well.  The rib tips would have been good if they weren't covered in 5 gallons of bbq sauce, nasty bbq sauce at that.  Their sauce is like a sweet and sour sauce...was not good at all.  The hot links were mixed in with the rib tips and covered in the same sauce.  So couldn't tell if they were any good, cause there was so much of that damn sauce.The funny part was that the couple that ordered right after me, got their food and took it right back to the counter and straight out said that the food was just disgusting.  I wish I would have done the same instead of spending $15+ on nasty bbq.In short.  I will not be going back here.
2	this place opened and fell right on its face. I haven't had the desire to go back after the lack of taste and their inability to plan seems to be part of their business model. I had the turkey leg, the last one, and it was 6pm. I stood in line for what seemed to be an hour, I'm not sure why they don't have a large menu posted that everyone can read. ok on to my meal, they did get it right, the bad part was the my sides where mac'n cheese and beans, mac seemes like it'd been sitting all arternoon, mushy and slimy. the beans had a very boring flavor like you expect from something from a can. the turkey leg itself was a lot of fat with about 4 oz of meatit had decent flavor, I was just pissed about the size. So unfortunatly south Phoeinx is again without a good take home BBQ place, because while jakes may still be open i'm seeing a "out of business" sign comming unless changes are made.
1	was so sad this place was bad i waited for it to finally open and nothing in my family combo was even a little bit memorable. so new and shiney and clean and promising. i am disappointed, back to maryvale for some grub for me.
1	Well as I predicted in my first review for this place, it did not last. Today I stopped by Li's bowl next door and Shakey Jakes was closed, good news is that there was some people looking at the place so maybe they'll reopen and create a better joint then the other owner. BBQ should have bold flavor, and that flavor should come from the meat, not the sauce that you might get lucky enough to find meat swimming in. I'd be glad to be an official taste tester before a possable reopening. Shakey Jakes didn't close becasue people didn't want BBQ, shakey Jakes closed because they didn't deliver in the taste catagory.
