1	first, they showed up nearly two hours late.second, in my initial phone call with them, they said "worst case scenario, a move out clean for your apartment with a super deep clean and everything will be $300".i only needed the kitchen, bathroom, and laundry room cleaned so i knew it wouldn't be that much. they weren't actually going to do a deep clean on an 1,100 sq foot apartment. when they eventually did get here, they were very pleasant and nice, and they were very professional. they cleaned for just under 2 hours. the lady said it would be $69, so i wrote them a check for a little more than that to include tip.minutes after they walked out of the door they called me and the guy demanded i pay the full $300, even thought i was quoted as that being a deep clean, worst case scenario for my whole apartment.i talked to the owner on the phone for a bit and then he decided to do me the "huge favor" of knocking it down to $230 for me.the clean itself was fine, the people who cleaned were very pleasant and professional, but the owner definitely made me feel like i got ripped off in this case. I don't think i'd recommend them to any of my friends looking for a move-out clean.
4	I got a deal with this company from weeklyplus. I am impressed. The cleaner was good. She made my bathrooms sparkling clean. She rearranged the dogs bed. She straightened my shoes. My kitchen was cleaned top to bottom. The only drawback is that she was late for my appointment but with the fantastic job she did cleaning I'm not even bothered. I'd use them again for sure.
2	I bought a LivingSocial deal to this place for $45 for two hours of cleaning. I know I didn't specifically request deep cleaning but I really wonder what the hell the girl was doing for two hours. I recently moved out of a house and called on these people to do a move out clean. I figured with no furniture and nothing to dust, it wouldn't take that long to clean the kitchen and bathrooms. I didn't go inside to inspect the house until after the girl left but when I did, I was sorely disappointed. First off, she was 45 minutes late (okay, I get that things happen, but at least give me a call so I'm not sitting there waiting). Secondly, the bathroom cleaning was a joke. The microwave wasn't cleaned. The ceiling fans weren't cleaned. I mean I think she just cleaned the floors and vacuumed. She maybe ran a dust cloth over the counters. It was a joke. I've vacuumed my house before and it takes a total of 20 minutes...MAYBE 30 minutes. I have no idea what this chick was doing for 2 hours but I know I'll never call them again. The thing is, I told the people when I scheduled that I was moving out and obviously I understand I only paid for 2 hours and didn't necessarily expect it to be in 2 hours so I was prepared to pay the difference. I'm irritated that I bought this deal. I should've known better and just paid full price to get it done. Now I have to go back and clean up. Beyond annoyed with these people. They get +1 star because they have an automated email that confirms your appointment...but it doesn't matter because she'll show up late anyway.
