3	It's good for a gal's soul to get dolled up every so often and if you're a jeans and cotton T kind of gal looking for a place to spiffy up your wardrobe you might want to stop by Chick Clothing Boutique downtown (or ChickDowntown.com).  They offer a collection of contemporary designer frilly's and baubles to dress you from lobes to soles and every curve in between.  Speaking of curves - if you have trouble getting the right size in a department store you'll definately want to stop by to try things on rather than shopping online.I don't consider 3/5 stars a bad rating, but I do wish they had a larger more diverse selection (but then it wouldn't be a boutique) and I prefer not to shop downtown if I can avoid it.Add to my Christmas wish list 1 Julie Brown Tatum "Pink Waves" Dress.  Too cuuuuuuuuute.
4	Chick has a great selection of clothes from the trendiest of designers, and right now, they have a pretty extensive sale selection as well! The staff was helpful without being pushy. I just wish they had a wider shoe and bag selection. I didn't see much, but I guess I'll look online.
1	This store's online website is horrible.I bought a Lauren Conrad dress from their online website and timed it for an upcoming weekend in LA.Despite advertising free 2 day shipping on their website for orders over $150, they sent the package via 5-7day delivery.  So, I received the order after the weekend.  I sent it back following their return policy to the dot.  It's been 3 months and I have yet to receive a refund.This company's customer service department doesn't answer their phone or respond to email correspondence.  I filed a report with American Express (wonderful card...never leave home without it!) and they're taking care of me on this one.Chick....your store's going down!
1	Beware of Chickdowntown.com. They have awesome sales and lots of goodies, but their horrible customer service takes away any sort of positive experience. I've made a few purchases here.The first occurred during a blowout sale. They promised with every order, one would receive a 30% off coupon. My orders came at the sale price, but no coupon(s)!! I thought it was pretty janky that they didn't keep their promise with the coupons, but gave them the benefit of doubt.The next order was an advance order for jeans. First: beware of a company that charges you right away for advanced orders. Most reputable companies only charge your card when your advanced order is *actually* shipped. So they charge me...I wait a month ( a couple weeks past the date they said the jeans would ship), and I get curious. After a few e-mails they decide to respond and say they're sold out of advanced orders! (even though they charged me!) I ask for a refund. It's been 3 weeks. Now they don't answer e-mails, or phone calls. Filed a claim with my bank today to %$&* them up. This company sucks.
1	I wish that I had read the other reviews!!! My experience was exactly the same.  I purchased an item that they never delivered - in fact, they never had it in stock and now they have failed to refund me!!! AND THEY NEVER CALL YOU BACK OR EMAIL BACK!!! Now I have to work with my credit card company to file a notice of fraud, etc.... PLEASE beware when you shop at this website.  IT IS A SCAM!!!!
1	HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE ONLINE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!I ordered some jeans a while back, and not only did it take them forever to respond to any of my questions via email, but their phone number is a waste of a call since no one answers the phone during normal business hours, nevertheless respond to your voicemails in a timely manner (I'm talking about at least the next business day, but no, they just never call you back at all!!!) I had to call them over and over at least 10 times in a row and finally they would answer, a mechanism I finally figured out over time. Once i would get a hold of someone, they sounded as if they hated their job and did not want to be there. No one would take any initiative to answer any questions I had about sizing and measurements of the actual jeans, they just said to read the website description. I received the jeans and not only were they not made for my body type, but had I known the proper waist measurements of the physical jeans i could have purchased the correct size, and avoided the entire separate situation involving the return and exchange process on top of everything from the same horrible online store that is so hard to get a hold of!!!!I love boutique designers but I would rather purchase my items and take my business elsewhere to shopbop.com or revolveclothing.com. I would not recommend purchasing from this company at all its just a huge hassle and waste of time!!!
