5	A dude rating an OBGYN? Weird, right? Not really. Dr Bullaro delivered our daughter and will be delivering our second child in December. She is fantastic. My wife and I recommend her every chance we get.
3	I have loved this office and staff from day one. Kind and very helpful. My only complaints would have to be scheduling and lack of availability.I recently went in for an appt on a monday and was told that I had miscarried at 11.5 weeks. This being our second miscarriage, I chose to opt for a D&C to spare the emotional and physical pain. Once I completed the blood work I was told that the anesthesiologist would be contacted and I could have the procedure by Thursday or Friday of that week. I tried not to move a muscle the entire week so as not to cause the miscarriage earlier. I called to check up on the details of the procedure and was told the anesthesiologist would be out of town until Monday. Needless to say I was terrified and upset. I was also very frustrated that only ONE person was on call and happened to be unavailable. I ended up painfully miscarrying the night before the scheduled procedure. Something I can't imagine going through again.  This is such an incredible practice with wonderful people, but I truly wish they had a FEW people who are on call to be available in situation like this. Also to allow more flexible scheduling to high risk patients. I would have loved to get my first appt around 7 weeks but had to wait until 11.5.
1	I typically don't write bad reviews but wanted to share my experience with all of you. This is the worst doctors office we have ever been too. We were a new patient and had an appointment yesterday and they rescheduled our appointment to 4:30 the today. We were there at 4:30 and they said we were late because we had to fill out the paper work and wouldn't see us. I have never been treated so poorly. Don't waste your time with this office/doctor. Please share with everyone so nobody else waste their time.
5	I love the office and Dr. Bullaro!
5	Dr B is amazing and sweet and kind. There isn't another OBGYN out there to match Dr B. Her practice is very busy. Don't expect to get in as a new patient in under 6 months! She is well worth the wait! I will not go anywhere else. The office staff is amazing and always take the time to answer questions and comfort you when needed. Love this practice!
