3	Used my travel pass to visit and had no issues. The staff are friendly but when I asked if this was the best gym in the area I was told it was "the most hardcore". Looking around there were a ton of machines that were outdated and in need of repair. For a "hardcore" gym there was only one squat rack, which is the opposite of hardcore. There also were a lot of the same machines lined up in a row, which to me was a waste of space. You have 10 identical machines lined up and only one squat rack? WTF?They appeared to have some fight club attached to the gym coz in the back there was a full on boxing ring and an MMA area. Only seen one dude ever using it the times I've been there.The bathroom was old, but had more mirrors than the main gym area. WTF do you need all these full length mirrors in the bathrooms for? When it came to taking a shower I grunted as I saw it was wide open with no privacy. I absolutely hate that.  Plus I noticed that from just about every corner you could get a free shower show coz of all the full length mirrors.
5	If you want to train next to the big boys this is the place to be in Las Vegas. Last time I was there I saw WWE wrestler Triple H working out - crazy! My go-to gym when in Las Vegas on business. Place is super big, tons of weights, racks, equipment, mirrors, benches, cables, dumbells. What I like is that they even have many of the older type of machines that you can't find anymore, but still kick ass! Lots of great leg machines and also Hammer Strength equipment among others. Hard rock and metal music is usually playing on the speakers which is a bonus.Clean locker room and bathrooms. Boxing  / MMA ring there too and I think they offer training and lessons. They are also open 24 hours a day. What I like is that I can get a daily or weekly pass which is such a bargain as compared to the overpriced and under stocked gyms at the casinos. This is a real hardcore training gym. I am a big fan! Plus, there is a diner called Blueberry Hill right across from it that offers terrific egg white and grilled chicken options.I wish we had more of these in NYC.
3	I bumped into Jay Cutler @ a seminar in New York and he recommended I train @ this gym since it's, by far, "the most hardcore gym". Naturally, I was stoked to train here while on a short trip to Sin City.   So I show up & the receptionist tells me Jay hardly ever trains here. Whatever. I payed my 15$ day rate & tour the facility. It's humongous! I feel like I'm @ an airport hanger. So many machines. They look so old, though. Looks like Arnold trained with these. Anyway, they have a power room for powerlifting and even a cage for mma training. Everything is here, I guess. However, this gym had absolutely no energy. Maybe cause it was so huge or maybe cause I went mid day. I just felt like I was working out in a bingo hall.  I gotta say, I did work out next to Robert Burneika and he is mad cool.   On my next trip to Vegas I'll probably check out another gym. Maybe Las Vegas Athletic Club. I hear they're good.
5	I been to Vegas a ton of times, and this time I actually decided to venture out to the Gold's on Flamingo to train. The girl at the front didn't hassle me at all about a traveling vistor's pass and was very accomodating. The gym itself is HUGE compared to the Gold's Gym back home. They have a ton of dumbbells and alot of Nautilus/Hammer Strength Machines. It also has very retro feel to the gym as many of the machines are the same ones that you see Arnold using as well in his hey-day.Everything from the power lifting area to the posing mirrors in the locker room, you can tell this is hardcore bodybuilder's gym. The gym is open 24/7 and the easiest way to get here is to take the bus. It'll pick you up and drop you off at the Caesars Palace in about 15-20 minutes. Cab ride will cost around $16 while, the bus is $4! If you're in town and just can't seem to stay away from the gym, then this Gold's is a definitley the place to go. Besides Venice, Las Vegas has to be one of the landmark gyms for the West Coast!
3	Yes, you end up bumping into some very well-known "meatheads" in the industry when you workout here but...Is is the cleanest and most organized? Hell to the no.Is there enough cardio machines? Umm, this is a meathead's paradise, not enough cardio equipment and more room for weights.Is the exercise class room open at all times so you can go in and do some of your own cardio workout or at least some stretching? Nope! It was locked when I was there (around 8:15pm on a Friday night).Is the staff helpful? They're not the friendliest, that's fo sho.Few good things I noticed while working out here during the Olympia weekend this year:1. I like how they have hanging signs of each muscle group for the equipment in the room.2. There's a cool boxing ring in the back.3. They're open 24 hours.4. They're cool with you taking pics of yourself. We were there working out a bit with the Flag Nor Fail crew and all they were doing in between sets were takin snapshots of each other. Haha!Would I come back here? Eh...if we were meeting up with other cool peeps in the fitness industry, then sure...but not my 1st choice.
1	Joe Gold would roll over in his grave if he saw this branch now....This one doesn't even have good old character since so much of the equipment doesn't work and the place is so run down.  Sure its a "hardcore man's gym" if that means not having most of the new equipment that any semi-modern gym has. I mean there are 15 cardio machines total and a few never seem to get fixed. The weights are all worn and miss-matched around the place. The locker room is pretty scarce so don't expect to get ready here on the way to work, the showers are open (no big deal) but its dead center to everyone that comes in the locker room has to walk by you. Member fees are $29 for month basic membership. I switched to LVAC which is only $144 for the whole YEAR when you pay up front (not even a option at Golds)
5	What a goddamn bummer this gym has permanently closed.  For all the griping about "old equipment" it really was the only serious spacious hardcore bodybuilder gym near the Strip, with the same feel as Golds in Venice.  Tourists could even hop one city bus down Flamingo to go grab a quick workout.  Sure there are other Golds in Vegas but even with a rental car they are all on the suburban outskirts, beaucoup miles away. This joint at Flamingo & Sandhill had been here for years and I'm sure I'm not the only one sorry to see it gone.
