3	I'm not a big coffee drinker but I do buy occasionally as I'm here often leeching free wi-fi.  Never tried anything off the menu but it's a great place to meet for a business meeting and there are a number of students here always studying.  If you know the Monroe St. neighborhood you'd agree that this captures everything about the area here from the regulars to the bulletin board overflowing with interesting ads.  Always been able to find a table here (and that's not to say that this place sucks, I just come at a good time.)
4	I think the coffee here is amazing. It's very rich and packs a punch -- NOT for the faint of heart. The atmosphere is really comfortable and laid back. It's not in my neighborhood, but when I meet with people in this area, I like coming here.True, the clientele is a bit long in the tooth. So, I make sure not to come here if I'm looking to pick up on young, taut-bodied co-eds. Now, if I'm in the mood for cougars? That's a different story. ;) j/k
4	Great coffee, lots of food options, tons of seating, a fireplace, and free wi-fi. Sold! Great and comofrtable atmosphere.
4	Great atmosphere, great service and great coffee! I also love the free wi-fi and how they serve soup and other food items, not just coffee and pastry. I'm almost hesitant to write this because I don't want you to go and steal my seat!
3	Walking distance from my house- SO-- I will go here no matter what - right?Note- this review is for the food and ambiance - not the coffee---I had a very decent panini with chicken, bacon and cheddar. Apparently they are brought in already made and the shop cooks them on the panini grill. they are nothing special, but good nevertheless. Boneless chicken- a little bacon on a whole wheat flatbread with herbs in it.the place has a nice vibe and a gas fireplace which I feel may be very comforting on a wintery cold day. The chairs are set a different heights, some tall, some regular and some big club chairs, which gives the room a pleasant variety.they lose a star because the bus-your-own bin was full and the baristas did not look busy enough to let that pile of dirty dishes sit there. come on- I can let the dishes sit in my sink- but I do not want to look at 5 hrs of your dirty mugs and plates. YOU have a dishwasher!!
4	We meet here often for run's and I can't wait to finish the arb loop due to the Banana Waffles.  Oatmeal is good too, but waffles can't be beat.Coffee is consistently good.  Plenty of room to hang out, or sit by fireplace. Service is usually pretty good.For some reason they are always out of in house medium cups.
3	The environment and coffee is good, but their internet is on the slow side for any serious work.
2	Perhaps it was just a bad day, but our order was messed up multiple times & under cooked.  On the plus side we received a free drink coupon without even asking.   Espresso tastes average, like a Starbucks.  Great location in an attractive neighborhood.
4	My wife and I grabbed lattes to go.  They were great!
1	Two of us ordered panini and they were very disappointing. Both were very heavy and greasy. The only non-meat option was 3 Cheese. All cheese and nothing else as far as I could tell, which made it unbelievably heavy. My husband had one of the meat options and commented it was heavy and greasy. They wrapped the panini in foil and by the time we walked 5 minutes to the park they were steamed and soggy.
3	My review is for the Chai Latte with Soy Milk, This is my favorite thing I've tried here and I've given this place a lot of chances to wow me!The ice coffee is not great- I would give it 2 starsThe hot coffee is also not amazing but better than the iced coffee- 3 starsIced latte- horrible....2 starsHot Latte with whole milk ...worse... 1 starThis place is not consistent. The pastry selection is not good and I haven't tried the food but heard very bad things, This place will have to step up it's game when Collectivo opens across the street, people will realize what they have been missing.This review is meant as constructive criticism, I love small businesses and I think you should be honest with them so they can make changes and do well
4	This review is only for their iced tea, since that's the only thing I've ever gotten here.I'm a fan of their tea! Fresh brewed, poured over ice. I've tried about three of their teas and all of them have been awesome, but the spiced one stood out as being interesting and flavorful. The peach was pretty great too, peachy but not fake.My only qualm is that it can sometimes taste watery, but that might also be just an artifact of the hot-over-ice process.
