1	Located inside the Alexis Park Resort, a non-gaming hotel, this restaurant left much to be desired. We went on a weekend and there was only one other group at this restaurant - always a bad sign. As soon as we tasted the food we knew why. The highlight was the wait staff, very sweet and accommodating, but as noted earlier there was only one other family there. Very simple and pleasant decor, but this is a restaurant that I am embarrassed to say I ate at.
3	When I came here, the special was steak so I got all happy!!! The food was delicious, but the service wasn't that good. I won't ever come back to that cafe, but I might come back to the Hotel!!!
3	**** 3.5 stars ****We had a Restaurant.com certificate for what is now called Alexis Gardens and used it tonight before a show.  Our server, Brenda, was excellent!   My wife is a fussy eater.  She wanted a chicken dish and the Chicken Oscar seemed what she wanted except the "Oscar" part.  Brenda made sure that the "Oscar" part, the lump crabmeat and the bernaise sauce were put in separate cups so I could have them and my wife had a plain chicken breast with extra grilled asparagus.  I ordered the ribeye steak which came with mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus.The steak was cooked black and blue as I requested and my side of crabmeat was delicious.  The bernaise sauce was a bit salty so I only used a small amount.  For dessert, I hade a piece of carrot cake which was standard, but good.I would give this restaurant four full stars except for the lack of menu selection.  The menu is quite limited.  Therefore, I deducted the 1/2 star from 4.  Again, service was outstanding and the food was very good!
4	We went the other night to the Gardens Restaurant with a KSHP coupon. The Service was excellent the calamari one of the best I have ever had. For dinner my wife hade the Chicken alfrado. She said it was just standard grill chicken on pasta with standard alfrado sauce. Big portion though. I had the night's special which was short ribs on wild mushroom risotto. It was around 530 pm and think it would have been better around 7 as the meat was not quite fork tender and the risotto was still crunchy. The salad was good and it came with a glass of house wine. Not to bad for $20. If you come here be aware that the menu is very small. And nothing comes with a salad unless it is the special. I will go back again and would recommend it also. Not bad with a $30 off coupon.
4	Excellent service. My salmon was very good quality and cooked just right.  Wife's seafood pasta was delicious.  I'm a fan.  Not many people there and the restaurant.coupon brought down the price.  I'd go back for their daily specials.
3	Was at an event held here where event comped our lunch at this place. The restaurant is located off main lobby area of hotel. Easy access also from doors that lead to back parking lot.   Pretty good size, clean, open and airy, natural lighting through their glass windows that surround the place. It has a view of their pools and courtyard.  When we had lunch the place was pretty quiet there was only one other party besides our table of 3. We preordered from their menu so our food would be ready when we had our lunch break. For lunch and dinner the menu they had a nice selection of salads, sandwiches, wraps, pasta and steak dishes.  Prices were pretty reasonable averaging under $10.  I pre ordered a Thai Chicken wrap.Thai chicken wrapped in spinach tortilla pretty good size and filled with both chicken and rice..had mildly spiced. Came also with peanut dipping sauce and side of sweet potato fries.  I liked the chicken but there was too much rice for me.  It tasted alright.  For me it was just a little to heavy on starches not enough veggies.  Very filling though. I barely finished half and was full already.  Sweet potato fries were cooked just right and crisp. Definitely will keep in mind to order this as a side dish and that will be just enough for me. Service was okay. Came in and was seated right away. Server took our drink orders and we got those first . We got our meals on time  shortly after, but note we did order ahead. Our server wasn't your average friendly type, for our party at least, but she was professional and did her job.  Other staff on floor though was really nice. Kept our drinks filled and cleared out empty plates promptly. This place is a 3.5ish.. good enough fall back if you want to dine in at your hotel and avoid the crowds, but if you live in the area it's not likely I would go out of the way to dine at.
1	Horrible management and disorganized staff. High turn over in employment every time I come always New staff
3	We had the breakfast buffet prior to attending the Olympia expo.  The cost was $12.95/person.  Coffee and OJ are included.  The food was decent, sort of like what you'd get from Hometown buffet or college cafeterias.  The service was okay.  The views of the main pool with the flowing water fountain was neat.
3	Basic breakfast buffet boredom. What other hotels offer as complementary breakfast will cost you $13. Food is acceptable. Service is acceptable. Coffee was acceptable. Nothing to rave about. Nothing to complain about. Meh..... Hence 3-stars.
