5	These guys are awesome. I was recommended Jack's through 3 co-workers who had various repairs done there and when the compressor went out on my car I called them to pick it up... 24 hours later I picked up my car and was super please with the bill... That has never happened before.I will be back and I am recommending them to anyone looking for good honest mechanics.
5	Been to many places over the years including dealerships and most will try to up sale stuff you don't need. Last year I tried out Jack's, there was no up sales, no bs, and my car was back on the road in less than 24 hours(tranny). Great place, the only place I will take my car!
5	Great guys - very honest. They are busy for a reason, because they are fair! I was in the business for 15 years and they treat me they way I treated my customers.
5	7 years and 30+ visits with several different vehicles and only one mistake that was corrected immediately. These guys are always fair,  have the best work ethic and never have a problem explaining everything in detail. I now live 35 miles away, but still drive back there to get any work done. FYI; they can tow you in if you need it.
5	I have been  a customer for over 10 years  with multiple vehicles. I have referred  everyone I know to Jacks and each one was more than pleased. Val,his family  and staff do quality work at very fair prices. They are people of quality you can trust to get the job done right the first time.
5	I've been in this neighborhood for 8yrs and had multiple vehicles repaired here. his hourly rate price more than  competative its  great...he will get you the parts you need at a decent price as well.   I live at poverty wage and don't have funds to spare for Maintainance for my vehicle I desperately need. .. he made sure that I get what i need and has worked on any one of my vehicles and it was amazing that it fit in my budget. He's that Good and Val cares about neighborhood and the people in it. Dont let the front few vehicle bays fool you. .. even though it's run as s family neighborhood repairs shop, its all professional with multiple bays out back.  They can work on near about everything and I'm glad to have them here. . he's gotten me out of a jam many times when needed with my vehicle..He even has a nice air conditioned room for you to relax in while getting an oil change or air cond rechargedThey even drove me to my apt since I didnt have way back home to it.. he will get more business from me in the future and ive told my friends who have now been using him they are quite pleased. .. think of it this way. Cabs need to be on the street for the driver to make a living right. ...means they need good repair.  I've seen multiple cabs get their repairs completed by them.. the main thing is I trust their work... and they work with me in my budget
5	Thank you Kraig and Jack's Automotive for your honest service! You made my 200,000 mile car run brand new! Your business was recommended by Josh Culling. I will recommend your auto repair shop to everyone. Thank you again.Danny O'Donnell
5	as a  single mom I am overjoyed with repairs from jacks auto repair, val,  is always fair & honest, and I know my car will b fixed right. I am truely greatfull for all he and his friendly staff do for me and fully recomend this shop to all !!!i will never go anywhere else   ty,,cindi jo
