1	No!!  Don't do it!  This is my second review on this particular merchant.  They were previously located at 1455 W. Chandler Blvd Ste B-11 inside of the Bellagio Clinic.  They promised that the move to their own facility would enable them to provide better service.  Not at all...Apparently, if you are a male and have an accent, certain staff does not wish to be pleasant or provide even the most basic customer service, let alone treatment.  Let's just say my husband has had a truly horrible experience with this place.  To the point of being prejudicial, but that is his story to tell...I've really tried to give this place a second chance after the last experience I had.  They swore up and down that that was not how they normally operate and that the move (another 10 miles out of my way, now totally 20 from my home) would only allow them to improve service as they would no longer be restriced by working in a physician's office.Here is what I know:It's impossible to get scheduled within a reasonable amount of time.  They are either under staffed, overbooked or both.It's impossible to speak to someone who is not a child.  Seriously, they all are just out of high school.  They can't answer simple questions and they are all sitting around texting or looking at Facebook on their cell phones.There is never any management on site.  How is this even permitted by their corporate office?The website says "Our staff includes a certified esthetician, a registered nurse, a nurse practitioner, and a full time board certified medical doctor".  Not true.  No one is in the office except for the very young and unsupervised Laser Technicians.  You cannot call them directly.  You must call the 800 number to ask questions about anything.  Even to ask driving directions when you cannot locate the new office and there is no signage to help you find the place.  They have tip jars in the rooms.  Really?! Tip jars??!  Is this Starbucks?  This to me is completely tacky.  I have been in the service/hospitably/spa industry for over ten years and I have NEVER seen nor would even ever ALLOW a tip jar to be placed in a treatment room with a HUGE sign stating that tips are appreciated!  Of course they are - but don't make me uncomfortable and feel obligated to leave one - especially when the service is so very poor.To submit a complaint, you must fill out a form online and wait for a call.  I did just that and received a call the next day from what I assume to be the location manager.  She left a voice mail.  I've been trying to call her back for three days.  It goes straight to voice mail.  I've left a voice mail but still no return call.Over it and getting all of my money back from Groupon...
2	Where to start.  Perhaps I will just list pros and cons and let you decide.Pros: Cheap (buy on Groupon!!)  New facility is MUCH better than previous ones.Cons:  1800 # is the only contact.  Different technician each time, which translates to different sizes being treated.  They are not interested in the LEAST to help you.  They want to make your treatments appt as difficult as possible.  Scheduling is a joke, don't expect to get in anytime soon (I schedule 2 appts in advance and work off that).Bottom line.  You get what you pay for.  I would NEVER pay on some sort of "real" plan.  They are a joke to deal with.  BUT, with that being said, once you know how to work the system, and you CAN get in, it does work.
5	This is fantastic place.  I bought a Groupon for laser treatment and truly love my experience.  The staff are very knowledgeable and want to make sure you are comfortable with the treatments.  I would recommend getting laser treatments here.  The prices are very reasonable and they have several locations in the valley.
4	The new location is beautiful though it can be hard to find the first time and you have to call the 800 number for directions but they're helpful. I have purchased two of the groupon deals for underarm and brazillian and I'm loving it. I've finished the 8 treatments for underarm and 6 for brazillian so far and there's still hair growing but less of it and what does grow back is much finer so that's pretty cool. Ashley did my last set of treatments and has been awesome - I see her like once every 6 weeks and somehow she remembers me and what we talked about for the 15 minutes months earlier, she has to have a ridiculously awesome memory and is super friendly. Will probably have to get another groupon or membership to finish it off but wouldn't hesitate to come back.
1	I have very similar feedback as some other reviews. The scheduling is TERRIBLE. You can only call the 1-800 number. They moved offices twice while I was a patient but didn't tell me and I showed up at the wrong place (totally wasted my time). The new places - while nicer than the previous - were MUCH farther from me and thus further inconvenienced me. Of course all this inconvenience to me ...and if you show up a few minutes late for an appointment that takes 3 minutes they want you to reschedule several weeks out (even though the young people working there are not busy and they can certainly accommodate you). And of course the worst part is that it does not work. I dealt with all this frustration and there is no real material impact from this procedure. This was a total waste of my money and my time. I would NEVER recommend it to anyone.
3	I'm just about to finish up my last of 8 visits for my bikini line and I have been less than impressed. The facility is nice and they are always very prompt, but I haven't noticed one bit of difference in hair growth. It's not finer, it's not sparser, I literally haven't noticed any difference except that I'm out some decent $. I know laser hair removal can vary a lot depending upon hair type, etc. but overall I've been pretty disappointed.
5	I bought three groupons for simplicity because after the first groupon I bought for my underarms, I had AMAZING results. I am hispanic and my hair is dark and coarse. So usually if you're new to getting laser hair removal, you get the best results if you have very light skin, dark and coarse hair. However, even being tan I've had fantastic results! The great thing about Simplicity is their lasers treat all skin types and do not touch the skin, so you can have piece of mind that you won't pick up anything from someone else, or have improper cleaning. These lasers also blow a cool air while pulsing, which makes your session MUCH more comfortable. I've had several sessions for my brazilian, and although it still hurts like hell, the cold air makes it bearable without any type of numbing cream. They also have a killer deal every month. For example, I purchased a "full leg" membership for only $39/ month ( this is usually close to $100/month). All in all, everybody experiences different results and it really all comes down for if you're a good candidate  for laser hair removal. Research the lasers that are good for your skin type and go from there.
1	I started using Simplicity for a Groupon, about a year ago, because I thought "Hey, why not, it's only $198, what could it hurt?" and things seemed to be going okay.  I also got it because their facility was close to my place in Mesa, but after one treatment, they had moved to South Chandler.  It's a 30 minute drive for me now, but as someone else said in another post, annoying yes, deal breaker, no.After 5 treatments, it didn't seem to be doing that much for me, as I was still having to shave rather frequently, but I thought I would give it a longer go, and they had a special.  Shortly after signing up for this, I had to go to work in Philly for a month or so, and while there, I broke my right ankle - trimalleolar fracture (every bone in my right ankle was shattered).  The package I had was for full legs and I had a cast going up half my right leg and then after that I had a boot.  Also, I've been in a wheelchair for the better part of three months, so there was no way that I was going to be having laser hair removal any time soon.I called up back in early May, shortly after my incident, and explained the situation and stated that I wanted to cancel my contract because it hadn't started yet and I broke my ankle, etc.  She said that they could cancel the contract for $99 but if I would get medical proof, they could cancel it for no charge.  In the mean time, they were going to put my account on hold and when I was able to, I would just call back and reschedule my appointments.  I was totally fine with this agreement.Fast forward to now, when I was balancing my accounts and noticed that I've been being charged for the last three months!  I was appalled and immediately sought to do something about it.  I called them up on Tuesday (it's Thursday now and still no resolution) and she said she would have to speak to someone and call me back that day or the next.  I heard nothing back for the rest of Tuesday, and nothing at all on Wednesday.  Finally at 10:48a on Thursday, I get a call back stating that they cannot cancel the contract but what they could do is extend it.  I stated that I do not really care to do business with a company that cannot honor their word and that I was lied to.  I'm a pretty faithful and loyal customer, and my friend even recommended them to me, but this customer service has been horrid.  All I asked for was a refund of the final session from Groupon, plus a refund of the last three months, sans the $99 for the contract termination fee, just to save me the trouble of calling my doctor's office, getting the medical information I need, finding a fax machine, sending it to Simplicity, etc.  I just wanted to sever all ties.  Currently, I still have no resolution, and they would not let me speak directly to a supervisor.  I'm being told that they'll call me back.  As of the writing of this review, I have no resolution and I shall never recommend anyone to this service, and will be telling all my friends to never use their services.  I've already posted this in other social circles as well.I finally received a call back about the situation on Tuesday, 30 July 2013 around 3pm and was apologized to for everything going so incredibly wrong and that she wished that corporate would have contacted her sooner to sort everything out, but by this time it was too late and she is in the process of returning the money owed to me and canceling the contract.  In the end, it was resolved, but not until a week and a half later of going back and forth.  If I do decide to ever resume my laser treatments, it will be elsewhere.
1	I signed a two year whole body contract with Simplicity in 2010. As many have stated before me-the office moved several times during those two years. They were not able to schedule me in a timely manner and it is my understanding that laser hair removal only works if your hair is in the correct growth phase. Well that can't happen if they can't offer you a timely appointment. At one point towards the end of my contract I told the esthetician  that it felt like the laser was burning my lip and I actually teared up from the pain. She told me that that was impossible and that she was the professional and I should just let her do her job. Needless to say I spent 2400.00 and still have to shave. I recently called them and they told me that they could do touch ups at 99.00 each and that these touch ups are always necessary with any laser hair removal service. Very sorry I chose Simplicity and allowed them to dupe me.
3	Simplicity is the only laser company that I've ever used so I don't have much of a comparison. During my year and a half (or so) that I spent with the company I had several frustrations. I've had my appointments cancelled twice with less than 24 hrs notice...once they called me as I was sitting in the waiting room to tell me that the tech called in sick and they could reschedule me in just 3 weeks (WHAT?). Additionally, they moved locations 3 times which is annoying but each time they moved a bit closer to my house so that worked out ok for me personally. The techs were usually friendly and made what could have been an uncomfortable situation relatively pleasant. The newest office in Chandler is nice - much easier and less confusing now that they have their own office and a receptionist.
4	I have been a customer here for a while. You get good results on areas with thicker, coarse hair. Areas with finer hair take longer and may grow back. Don't take antibiotics for 7 days prior to your appointment. Avoid sun for a week before and after treatment as well!
1	I purchased a groupon for underarm hair removal and I was super excited to have this treatment done. Needless to say my results from the year and a few months treatment were not as advertised. I am a white female, my hair is not super coarse but is fairly dark. At my first consultation it was explained that I had ideal skin/hair for very minimal re-growth after completing the course of laser treatments. Now about a year or so after completion of laser treatments, I find myself having to shave like before. I did my research before getting this treatment done, and I went in knowing that results may vary. The disappointing part comes from paying a lot of money for treatments and being told that I was a candidate for "optimum results." I also expected not to have much hair growth after the visits as that was what I was advised would happen. Not the case!  I would not recommend Simplicity for a couple reasons: giving unrealistic result expectations from jump street, constantly moving locations and not telling me they moved so I would show up at my appointment only to find they were no longer at that local and the laser technicians & front desk staff had very snooty attitudes. Oh, did I mention I was constantly being hard sold to upgrade and spend more money on additional areas to treat. I get trying to up-sale customers, I was in sales so I understand it's purpose. But if I say no once, or even twice...don't keep coming after me to spend more money. If I was satisfied with your services, I would have dropped more cash, I was not satisfied nor impressed......no means no!I am just grateful that i did not pay full price for their services.
1	Horrible customer service. I had never been to this location and I could not find it my first time. I was 7 min late and they said they couldn't treat me.... I have been trying to get an appointment for 4 months. I will not continue my membership when it is done not worth it!
3	Went in today for the first time of 3 appointments I will have.  Am getting my upper and lower leg hair removed.  The receptionist at the desk was doing a fine job getting me my papers but a bleach blonde gal come up and insulted her and took over.  I felt bad for the lady that was helping me and uncomfortable that she was so rude.  A young gal named Tatum did my procedure and was super great.  I saw she had a tip jar with only a $20 in it which reminded me to tip but I wanted to tip $10 and she didn't have change so I will leave $20 after my next visit.  What is a fair tip anyway?  We spent about 20 minutes together.
2	I would rank the Chandler location, and it's employees at 4 stars (-1 just for scheduling). The location is really nice, and everyone that I have dealt with there is very nice. I did see expected results - but please do your research before signing up so you don't have the wrong expectations. Scheduling can be tough. Try to schedule your appointments ahead of time and keep them, otherwise you may not get in for a few weeks. This particular location is wonderful!I would rank the customer service 0 stars. I have NEVER had a good experience calling the 1-800 number. From scheduling errors, to billing issues, and finally canceling my membership. Every time, something bad. Since I can't rate the location itself and the customer service # separately, I will go halfway and give them 2 stars. The pricing is great! My advice: try a groupon first, if you like it, and can afford to pay for a package up front, that's the way to go. Too many issues with their monthly billing, and customer service - if they made improvements in policies and customer service it would be an overall better place.
