3	I was in a bind last night before the 7pm movie and wanted to eat something substantial for dinner instead of popcorn or candy at the theater... So, I surveyed the food court and decided on Panda Express.  I chose the eggplant & tofu in garlic sauce and mixed veggies for my 2 entree plate along with some steamed white rice.  I was expecting it to be greasy, but honestly, it wasn't that bad!  I might even go so far as to say I enjoyed it!Marc N was my dining companion and it looked like he enjoyed his also... he did steamed white rice with mixed veggies and one of the chicken options I believe.I would never go out of my way to eat at a Panda Express but when you're stuck in the food court at the mall (or at the airport), it comes in handy!
3	I would have given a four star rating, but today they didn't satisfy me as they always do when I normally work. Working in the mall i only have an option of food court or brave the lunchroom at work.Ordered a 2-entree, got the beef broccoli and orange chicken. Wait I should rephrase that. they were more like orange rocks. I wish they would make a new batch or scrape those out. Who wants to break their teeth on rocks. I could just see it now, greeting customers with chipped teeth. Everything else that i ordered was good.
2	Everything is greasy and not very fresh. I tried the "famous" orange chicken and cannot understand why this is so popular: it seems to have been soaked in vinegar for far too long. The chow mein has hardly anything in it but noodles, and it is so greasy, it's not worth the bother.
3	The staff here is pretty friendly but way understaffed to keep up with the demand.  This is more if a management issue than a reflection of the employees.  It's be nice to not wait longer than any other Panda Express I go too.
4	Hate it when you order and every items comes with"50cents more" - just put it on the menu they have big screen tv's they can update pricing. This was annoying. But the food great. Service good. Do ask for chopsticks they assume you just want the plastic fork. Loved the new bacon dish. Whomever dreamed this one up is a genius. Chicken honey and bacon. You cannot go wrong.
4	Customer service is FAST and very good at this location.
4	I have to say I really like Panda Express. Most of them are very good. Clean and quick. which will always make one happy. Although they did not have the items that I really wanted, I still got what I liked.They give you a few options on rice and noodles.Nice and hot. Place looked pretty clean inside. Even though they were busy.I got it to go, so everything was great. Parking is a little tough.
