1	It was Christmas Day 2013, and my family was visiting my wifes sister who lives in the neighborhood behind the Triple R Child Care located at 1442 Chandler. We had noticed a playground behind the facility. There were no private property signs or no trespassing signs, so we figured it would be alright to let my 2 yr old and 9 yr old play a little. We had been there approximately 30 minutes when a burgundy colored Cadillac showed up with AZ plates with TRCC on them. A lady got out and rushed us, screaming "what do you think you're doing? ", we replied" playing basketball", she began screaming that she was going to call the cops and told us that we should go "back across the river with all the other dirty Mexicans", I put my 2 yr old in his car seat and she put it in reverse almost running over my father in law and tried to block my car and my brother in laws car in. We maneuvered around and she began chasing us, I had to run a red light to escape her, putting my children in danger because she was a maniac. I looped back to my sister in laws house and about 15 minutes later she came up the street, taking pictures of us, I told her I felt sorry for the children that go to her child care and that she is a mean nasty person. She started berating me with racial insults and told me to swim back across the river, and that all I us dirty Mexicans are the same. I am from Ohio. I would never let my child go there, I'm sure her racial views are prevalent throughout her business practices. My family and my sister in law, will tell all her friends about the Triple R Child care owners racial ideas, and if I were you, there's no way I would drop off my child there!!
5	My son has been going to Triple R since he was 3 months old, and has loved every minute! The staff there is fantastic and I have always felt that they cared about my son. They keep classes small enough so that the kids get 1:1 attention, do a lot of reading and counting games, and have a great play area outside for the kids to run around and have fun. I would recommend them to anyone in a heartbeat!
1	My son has been going there for about 18 months on a part time basis (from about age 1 to 2 1/2). We do not have to put him in day care. We are fortunate to have a family member care for our son. We enrolled him in Triple R for his social development.  He recently moved up in age class from room 104 to 105 two and three year olds. There were concerns with the new teacher. She is rigidly structured without having a loving demeanor. My son loves his fire truck which is his comfort. This is consistently removed from him in class. The teacher stated that he needs to develop independence. At 27 months old I do not believe comfort should be removed from a child. The administrators of the facility stated he needs to attend class more often to develop trust for the teachers and facility. My sons grandmother was happy to sit in on a class to ease my sons anxiety. She was allowed in for one day. During that time she saw the girls directed to play on one side of the classroom while the boys were prepared for potty time. Their diapers were removed their pants/shorts pulled to their ankles and they were lined up at the bathroom front to back while the teacher tried to get each one to  use the toilet and/or have their diapers changed. As a mother I found this method degrading and unnecessary. We have not begun potty training at home as we feel our son is not quite ready. Triple R did not inform us that they would be doing this. On the playground, this same teacher forcefully directed a child to a time out seat and with her finger in face scolding a child for "being disrespectful' to a teacher. The child looked to be about my sons age. It appears they have hired a bully for a teacher. We have removed our son from this facility.
