4	Not bad at all.  Was in the area, so I stopped by for pizza. Went at lunch time the other day and it was fairly empty.  Saw a Northtown police officer eating there along with some other government-looking employees.  The woman filling the drinks wasn't very friendly but the waitress was pretty good.   It was far from the best I've had, but it's worth another try. Nice amount of cheese, the crust was good, but the ends were a little dry.
4	I try to stop by this place when I'm in town. When I lived in S. Nevada, it would be at least a monthly stop. The food was really good for the price. Service, not too bad. Over all, for the price I recomend it. But, do not go in there thinking you're going to get the best Italian food in Vegas, that's not going to happen, just go there thinking you want good Italian at a good price and you should be satisfied.
4	When you first walk into Jerry's Nugget and see Uncle Angelo's you'll think it looks like a nice pizza parlor. It has a lot of Italian style paintings and posters and looks very homey. You would not be wrong in this perception. It is a nice pizza parlor. And that is it. There is nothing super about its appearance, but it is quaint.I waited to be seated several minutes before I was attended too. They only had one service person when I was there. This person was the host, wait staff, and cashier. Once I was seated I was attended too very well, at least until I was ready to go. Then I did have to wait several minutes again until my check was brought to me. Even though I mention this I do have to say that I don't feel that I had to wait an excessive amount of time. Just a bit more time and it would have been excessive, but it did not reach that for me.I started with a house salad. It had a mixture of lettuces that were very enjoyable. I did of course have to select my favorite salad dressing, which I am sorry to tell you is Thousand Island. I am sorry to tell you that not because I think there is anything wrong with Thousand Island; but most people consider it a kids salad dressing and an adult should get Blue Cheese or Italian or something as fancy. I don't mind fancy dressings, but TI is still my favorite. Their Thousand Island was done very well. It was just the right consistency, not to thin or too thick. It had a nice flavor to it as well. It was not acidic or sweet. It was a nice balance of both.My entree was a Meatball Parmesan Calzone. When I received my Calzone I was stunned. This Calzone was so large I did not know if I would be able to finish it (I did not). The Calzone was the size of a football cut in half horizontally. The crust was very flaky with a nice pizza dough flavor and texture. You could feel the texture of the gluten in a good way. The Calzone contained four meatballs. Each was the size of a lime. Sometimes restaurants have a tendency to overwork their meat. Meatballs and Meatloaf are more like slimyballs or slimyloaf. This was not the case in my Calzone. The meatballs had the proper consistency and were flavored wonderfully. The four meatballs lay in a bed of Parmesan cheese. This cheese was nice and stringy and had a great flavor. It chewed nicely. There was no sauce in the Calzone itself. There was a serving of marinara on the side for dipping. The combination of crust, meatball, cheese and marinara worked very well. I so much wanted to finish my Calzone but wanted to have dessert.I decided to try their Zappoli. The description itself made me put on five pounds. 'Fried dough tossed with powdered sugar and topped with chocolate and raspberry sauces'. Sounds good, doesn't it. The description does not do it justice. The Zappoli was served on a round plate 12" across. You might laugh and think I am exaggerating. Let me tell you, I am being truthful. This dessert was made to serve at least four people. There were about three dozen of the fluffy, lighter that air Zapploi. In the center was a large lovely pile of whipped cream also covered with the chocolate and raspberry. But, there were also four more piles of whipped cream equidistant around the edge of the plate. Again, covered with the sauces. Each bite was a bit of heaven. I did have to stop though. More and I would have made myself sick. All of this with my drink was only $20.00 (prices subject to change). I do highly recommend a trip to Uncle Angelo's Pizza Joint. But only if you take a few friends to help you eat all that they put in front of you.
3	Good food. Great service. Big portions. I usually hit the cafe... Which has great prime rib.
3	it was my first time there. the garlic chicken was good. and pizza was awsome. very slow that day and the service was alright we had to ask them a couple times for refills but thats bout it..
3	Cool joint, although we were the only people there around 2 p.m....bread was yummy, but be careful cause it's also filling. The oil dip was very good - with chunks of garlic, balsamic, and some other stuff. We have one vote for "best bruschetta" ever and one for "pretty tasty"...it comes with mushrooms though, which I don't eat so I picked them out. One meal was a lunch special pasta bake with chicken and pepperoni - pretty good. I had Italian Nachos - more of a novelty than a great meal, but still really cool - sheet pasta cut into triangles and fried then covered with mozzarella and marinara. Definitely worth a try...
3	Uncle Angelos is located in Jerrys Nugget,,, on n las vegas blvd... Just before Lake Meade if you are headed north.. I was craving a stromboli, my favorite is the one at the 4Kegs but i was close so i stopped in.  Pretty big restaurant, they also have a baked goods section under the same name that serves coffee and smoothies...  I ordered the original stromboli...  It looked just like in the pictures,,, i knew instantly that i could not finish this in one sitting...  It was loaded with cheese, too much for my taste but it was good quality cheese,,, but who really complains about too much cheese... The meats were ok,, pepperoni, salami, ham... The dough had a nice taste to it, it was crispy with a nice chewy texture... The marinara sauce was a good compliment, i like it a little sweeter than it was but it was very good... I enjoyed this stromboli and would eat here again.. I do recommend this place to anyone that likes a good stromboli... I will try the pizza the next time and the dinners... The prices are very reasonable for the size of the portions....  Try this place if you are in the area...  I think you will enjoy it for the taste and the price...
4	Tried this place tonight per a fellow yelpers request and was very pleased.The pizza is soooo good!Great prices too.We will for sure be back!
3	Our friends suggested this place.  They come here a lot.  We never heard of it, or even known about Jerry's Nugget.  This is not a neighborhood we frequent!  Despite our friends' warnings to valet park, we didn't.  I hate valet parking, and the regular parking seemed safe enough.Uncle Angelo's is very cute from the outside, and perfectly nice inside, too.  It's pretty large, and at prime time on a Saturday night was nearly empty.  Pretty surprising, given the prices and the quality of the food.  Maybe everyone in North Las Vegas eats at 5 p.m.?Service was excellent, efficient and friendly.  I made it a point to look at the waiter's name tag, and then promptly forgot it.  :))  Wonderful house-made bread was accompanied by a great blend of good olive oil, balsamic vinegar and chuncks of garlic.  But I prefer butter, and it was already there underneath the oil dip (wrapped, of course).For a change I ordered soup instead of the house salad - both choices come with the entrees.  The chicken noodle with basil and lemon sounded too good to pass up.  While I was waiting, our friends told us that the owners are Greek, or Greek/Italian, so I knew I made the right choice.  The soup was delicious, a wonderful avgolemono, with lots of fresh roast chicken.  Unfortunately, the noodles were mushy.It was my night to have the Chicken Marsala, and it was very good.  It was served with bow tie pasta, which suffered the same overcooking as the soup noodles.  A restaurant that calls itself Italian needs to know how to cook pasta!  If it weren't for that, I would have given it an extra star.  Hubby had Chicken Cacciatore, and loved it.But the prices are incredibly low, and our friends pointed out the fabulous-looking desserts that are reminiscent of the great Greek diners back east, all made on premises.  We, as usual, skipped dessert, but gazed longingly at what we were missing.Uncle Angelo's is a jewel, one that needs a bit of polishing, but a jewel nonetheless.
1	Bad Italian Food! I ordered Pasta Fagioli soup which is normally pasta and beans in a tomato type broth. The pasta was mushy & there were no beans to be found! My husband ordered wedding soup, there was 1 meatball and no pasta. I ordered pasta carbonara with specific orders of no onions. It was loaded with nasty crunchy onions which in turn made the pasta taste like onions. My husband ordered a meatball sandwich and the meatballs were not completely cooked! Not very impressive & first impressions are lasting!
4	Great food.
5	I have had many pizzas from many places in Vegas but none has yet to arouse and satisfy my taste buds more than Uncle's.I eat here about once a month and in between visits I can't wait to get back in here to eat. Also in between visits I visit other pizza joints to "experiment" but I have been disappointed every time. Uncle Angelo's delivers the goods (without delivery service)The cheese is the best, the sauce is the best and crust is put together extremely well. Ask for some of that Evoo and balsamic dressing to dip the crust in. AWESOME!I have trouble putting into words the pizza here, it's just that good!Go in and ask for "The Nugget" and see for youself. Oh and if you happen to be served by Laura tell her "her Monday's sent you"Order the large, take some home, this pizza tastes good hot, lukewarm, room temp. and cold!Desserts are greatest we have tried them all and love them all, but our family favorite is the raspberry zapollis, crispy outside and chewy inside pieces of sweet dough dripped in a rasberry sauce and peppered with powered sugar. So simple but yet so right!
4	When I used to live in Vegas, I would come here. This place is a fairly inexpensive Italian joint. If you want veal, they have veal. But, don't expect milk fed white veal at these prices. But, what you will get is good food, a lot of it and decent service. I came here with my dad and my Vegas adopted family 6-6-2013. For a mid week dinner, the place was empty. I still was expecting to see a few more people in there. We were acknowledged quickly and our drink order was taking. My bud got a beer and before he could say "supercalifragilisticexpialidocious," his beer was served.  We all put our orders in and within a very reason time, it was served. I had the chicken Angelo and good, tasty and HOT. Exactly how I like my food.  Though, we didn't have any dessert, I figure that it would have been just as good.I recommend this place if you want good Italian food at a decent price.
4	The pizza is good.  The service is a little slow.  I only took off one star because the waiter didn't put in our pizza order until 30 minutes after we ordered.  There were only 3 customers so I don't know how he forgot.  This place is good for family dining. It is large and you won't kill your pockets.  We had fried ravioli, zappoli and a large philly pizza for only 28 bucks with tax. And had some to bring home.  Pizza is good.
4	They have delicious wings! They serve warm bread with garlic olive oil and and balsamic dip and it tastes so good! Just be sure you don't fill yourself with the bread. I love getting the house salad with ranch. Very refreshing and crisp! Only thing i really dislike is smelling the smoke from the casino.
1	This is only based on service as of today. Ordered my usual "nugget" but instead asked to substitute bell peppers for xtra onion. Waiter who shall remain nameless (theres only one  male wait staff here) said no, we dont like to do that! He ignored one person in our party (probably not on purpose) but when he asked for the waiter to come back to place his order he really acted as if it was a chore. I see he is nice and courteous to other guests (his regulars probably) but he seems to be a total douche to us. There are some really great staff here and I really wish we didn't get stuck with him.
5	I'm going to keep this short and sweet. Uncle Angelo's Pizza Joint is definitely a hidden gem of Las Vegas.  They make some of the best pizza I've had in Vegas. If you're familiar with Metro Pizza, I'd say this place has them beat. My family and I have pretty much had everything they have to offer and it never disappoints. The only real drawbacks I can think of are, 1. it's in the hood ( North Town), and 2. they don't have high chairs for the little one's. Aside from that they have great food, good prices, and the decor is nice.
4	A hidden gem for locals.  We've been here several times & haven't had a bad experience. The garlic zappolis are probably our favorite thing.  I'm from N.Y. & I'm definitely a pizza snob but they have the best pizza. We also like the chicken marsala & the linguine w/ garlic & oil.  The prices are great & you get your money's worth.  If you've saved room for dessert you should try the cheesecake
3	We visit Las Vegas quite regularly and always try something new.  We tried Uncle Angelo's this time out.  **** Food -     Pasta was ok, the Stromboli was excellent.**    Service - Considering there were only two tables at 1PM in the afternoon, the servers were unfriendly and did the bar minimum.    This isn't a horrible place, but considering it is off the strip and it really didn't give us a good impression to come back.
5	They recently changed their menu and prices increased slightly but still a great deal. AYCE pasta under $10 all day, every day. Pizza is always delicious. They offer to go as well as by the slice
3	This space has been through a few incarnations over the years. I believe it was a steakhouse prior to this, which must have been too fancy for the neighborhood and the Jerry's Nugget clientele. Judging from the usually empty booths in this quite clean and pleasant space, one might surmise that a pizza joint is also too upscale.However, the coffee shop is generally humming, and I suspect that most diners are more interested in the Flintstonian prime rib cuts next door.That being said, they have a fairly nice menu; Babygirl loves the chicken Angelo, especially when I bring it home to her while she lounges on the couch polishing her nails when I have asked her a thousand times not to do that in the living room. (You might guess we are not getting along today).They did recently raise the prices of the pizza, so it's now $20 for a specialty (deluxe, meat lover's, etc.), but that is a 20" pie, so it's really not a bad deal. The crust is thin, New York style, and everyone in the house likes it, which is unusual, but I warn you: whenever someone claims that they're from New York and this (or any pizza in Las Vegas) is "just like home!", it only means they've been gone so long their memories have faded.My main quarrel (besides having to navigate through a scary neighborhood and a smoke filled casino - ok, maybe I don't navigate fast enough and manage to lose enough money while the food is cooking to hike the price so high I might as well have gone to Spago but never mind) is that they seem to close early fairly regularly. Don't come in 15 or 20 minutes before closing, even for a takeout order, because the kitchen will be shut down. Guess that's a by product of a slow night, which is most nights here.
3	Friends wanted me to try this Italian restaurant and pizza emporium, which is known to serve tasty food at very reasonable prices.  Although I haven't sampled the pizza yet, I was pleased with most of what I had here for dinner; and for once, rather than being presented with droopy and lifeless spaghetti with a thin and insipid sauce, had an all you can eat pasta (AYCEP) experience where the pasta and sauce were on par with what you would get if you ordered a single-serving pasta entree outright.  As it was, with everything I ate, I just supplemented my Thin Spaghetti & Bolognese Sauce AYCEP entree once with some extra pasta and sauce--but not a whole bowl's worth.  The AYCEP deal is a good one, for at only $9.89 it comes with bread and a cup of soup or salad.  Although, since I chose to pay extra for an order of Antipasto as a starter, I didn't order a side salad for myself, my eyes popped at how big and good my tablemates' side salads looked. Two meatballs or one sausage can be added to any AYCEP dish for $2.00.  I of course opted to add both varieties of Italian meats.The Italian Wedding Soup, with slightly bigger meatballs than usually found in such a dish, was good--if a bit peppery.  And, except for the lettuce leaves on the Antipasto platter not appearing to be very fresh, the rest of this concoction of assorted meats, cheeses, peppers, artichoke hearts, olives, and greens was very good.  The appearance of the dishes served was also appealing, with a wreath of pepperoni circling the edges of the Antipasto platter, and my AYCEP Spaghetti with Bolognese Sauce, meatballs, and sausage arriving composed as a smiley face, with the 2 large meatballs placed as eyes, and the sausage situated in the bowl as a grinning mouth.  (Actually, on closer inspection my entree looked more like the mustachioed face of Groucho Marx!)  The Bolognese Sauce contained little meat but tasted pretty good anyway.  And the sausage was slightly overcooked but had a nice flavor to it nonetheless.  Who needed more meat in the sauce anyway when each dense meatball weighed in at about a 1/3 of a pound or more?Service was efficient and very friendly.  The place is very casual, but linen napkins are served with silverware.  Based on how the pizza looked at adjoining diners' tables, I intend to return soon to give the pizza a try, since I have heard accolades about it, and this place literally bills itself as a "pizza joint," after all!   Even though there were a few glitches in food preparation, I enjoyed myself here on my one outing.  So, 3-1/2 stars overall!
