5	Came here for a quick beer the first day after they opened.Ice cold beer and quick serice.Came last night for a snack and a drink.Cool beverages reasonably priced and quick service.I had the Carne Asada tacos and they were fantastic.Meat was tasty and very well seasoned and prepared.  Great chips.Whats not to like?
4	Kinda dead up in here. Awesome burger...the caprese. Fries a bit bland. In a great mood, so the lipstick on my glass didn't even bother me. The server switched my beer out, no problem. I wasn't even that annoyed! Am I getting soft on my reviews? No, just hoping a local place succeeds in this economy. This place needs some business because it should be packed! Cute, clean, and a perfect alternate to Il Posto. Snowbirds would love this place.
4	I was out walking around shooting photos and I came across this place. Decided to have a burger and a beer. Have to say, nice to have a place walking distance from home. Good burger and a nice selection of beers.
5	Stopped in to scope it out for after a stop at The Lounge.  Decided we had to return!Went in the night of the Fiesta Bowl game and don't see how many places can compare if you are looking for a place to watch any sporting event.  Big fans of Arcadia Tavern, but this place is less than half the distance for us and equally blessed with big ,clear, and well placed TV's.Wait staff was super attentive and the drinks were poured JUST RIGHT! Thought we missed on happy hour prices, but we were told they would run them through the game.  Score!Big tap selection! Extra points!We were offered some homeade potato chips when we ordered...they were awesome!Sampled a little of the food. Tried the medium wings...if you like them messy and hot, this is your place. Ordered the dang quesadilla! It had more than just cheese stuffed in it...added a little grilled onions and jalapenos to kick it up. Nice touch  Also gobbled a Sonoran dog.  Not the biggest wiener ( if size matters), but it is stuffed with lots of condiments so we are sure you won't be disappointed.  Guess it is not how big it is but how it stands up to taste...they say. :)The burgers are going to be our choice next time.  The menu is on the median price range, so this has to be on your list to watch a game or to catch a good meal and good drink.
4	I LOVE little ice crystals on my beer when it's been served to me. COLD beer. The service staff is absolutely great - remember your name for your next stop.  TVs are viewable from all over the bar. Have a special game you are interested in? Just ask, they'll tune it in for you. Burgers are fab, from the Burger Studio next door. Great place to unwind and listen to some great CW music or watch the game.
2	We had high expectations for great things and have hugely enjoyed The Lounge and Il Posto but the latest endeavor has some hurdles to clear. I would say to Dino, please get your staff in gear! After several months it seems at least one server still can't identify a sonora dog by sight! Speaking of which, I'd suggest that management  try eating the menu offerings occasionally for QC purposes--my dog was warm but the beans, jalapenos, cheese, onions seemed to have been transferred straight from the fridge to the bun. It was all but icy. Plus, this is clearlry a knife and fork dish so the basket paper becomes a part of it. My partner had a dog featuring chili and habaneros. OK, habaneros are a nuance, not a foodstuff, IMHO. The chili however should actually  be hot. I love the venue and the  brew selection but the service and food needs work. Please, please pay more attention to the meat of this operation. I really want to say that the newest incarnation of your brand is GREAT!
3	I probably need to come back here again not so close to closing time on a non-school night to get a better gauge of the place. It seems like a fun place to have a few but again seeing it was myself, two friends any maybe two others, hard to tell how much fun one would or wouldn't have.I will give them props for having some interesting choices of draft beers from Longboard Lager to something obscurely Canadian that I can't remember but nonetheless warrants a well-deserved shout out. Gotta love the 32 ounce mugs too. Not that I have a problem with alcohol....AT ALL....but it kind makes me feel less guilty when I can down two pints and honestly report that I had one beer. MUCH easier to be in denial.But seriously I'm eager to come back here when the place is more packed to get a better idea of what it's like....stay tuned Yelpers for an update!
5	I've been here twice this week, love the food! Their Indian Fried Bread is the BEST! The onion rings and chips are great... the french fries are kinda bland and boring.  I will be back!  I highly recommend this place!
3	I wish I could give this place 5 stars, because our waitress was so nice...she even asked the kitchen (which was closed at 11pm on a saturday night) to cook some food for us. My issue is the lack of a blender in this joint. I just wanted a pina colada :( and unfortunately they didnt have a blender. So ladies and gents if you like any alcoholic beverages that require a blender to make, dont come to this place.
1	The food wasn't bad, just nothing special. The real failing here is the service. On Friday night they had one waitress. Additionally, the waitress they had ranks  somewhere between inept and indifferent. Just plain bad with an attitude to boot.
1	I just can't seem to have any luck at this place, much as I want to.  I live nearby, so for 9 months, I've been dropping in to cheat on my local standard (Ammacapanes).  Except for a (former?) bartender named Angela, the service has been consistently poor.  Latest was tonight, when all of 5 of us (4 parties) were at the bar watching Olympics and Cardinals preseason game.  Tender kept disappearing in the back, leaving glasses and orders empty. No one else in the place to serve but us.   Finally, after 3 s-l-o-w drinks and a fish and chips, she's leaning on the bar with her back to me for 10 minutes while my drink is empty, chatting with some guy at the bar.  I finally asked if she could just close me out, and she responded with "Oh, sorry.  I was talking with my manager.". All I need to know about how the place is run.Love the location and the concept.  But bartenders seem to be hired for looks and not competence or training.  I'm sticking with Ammacapane's.   At least Ralph and his staff keep the service humming.
1	Man I'm bummed. I just moved to the moon valley area last month. I asked my neighbors for recommendations on a sports bar near by. One talked me into this place. I literally just got back from there. It is Wednesday, so it's 50 cent wings all day. To me, a sports bar staple should be the wings and beer. Good happy hour prices, but god awful wings. Come on guys, have you been to Teakwoods, Zipps, Goldie's, or The Tavern? I won't come back until you change the recipe. Ive had wings all over the country. The great wings are a perfect combination of crispy and saucy. You have the dreaded soft rubbery skin. That's bush league! Gross! You also use Frank's hot sauce for your wing sauce? Terrible! Want me back? In this order ok? Sauce them...grill them...re-dip them. Also, get real sauces? You know what I'm talking about too. Lastly, take them off the menu immediately until you go to Teakwoods. It's the valley standard. Just trying to help. Please fix this so I have a place to go.
4	Really like the place! Food was good and reasonable. Burgers were big, just make sure u tell them how u want it cooked otherwise its med-well which was too done for us. We will be back!
5	I like the food here and its my day drinking spot. I like the brat with the pretzelbun. Bar staff are always friendly and take care of us. I just dont know why this place is not ever busy. I think it is the neighbourhood.
3	Overall this is a good bar.  I always sit at the bar and get great service. The bartenders are friendly. They have a great selection of beer.  I love the porter.  If only tbe food was better.  Salads are not anything to write home about.  Burgers are a disappointment,  except the turkey burger.  It is very good. The worst thing I have had was the nachos.   They don't even use real cheese.   They use that liquid fake cheese like you get at the Quicky Mart. You end up with very soggy chips.  Do it right or take it off the menu. This is a fun place to watch the game.
5	I love Our Gang!  The best place in the Sunnyslope.  Burgers are great, staff is friendly.  Best breakfast in the "hood".
2	Just alright.   BTW they did not honor the 20% off yelp deal either.
1	Was looking forward to a place that specializes in burgers, this is my it. There was less than 20 people there and it took 45 minutes to get fried burgers. They asked us how we wanted our burger. We ordered medium, they all came out over cooked, dry and not even warm. The waitress wasnt very helpful. I'm pretty open to place, but I doubt I will give this one another try. The manager was nice and apologetic.  This is also "ourgang saloon and grill", they don't own a grill.
4	great beer selection, good quality "bar food". For a sports bar there isnt really anything else you would ask for (I wouldn't at least) . Some inconstancy with the service and would probably be more enjoyable if it was a bit more crowded (like any sports bar) but location im sure has a lot to do with it. Again, cant complain about a sports bar with good beer and food
1	I went here for the 4th time today and it was equally as gross at the first three times. We went for Father's Day at 1:00pm and were the only patrons there. After eating, we quickly knew why. The beer selection is great but the food is horrible. Horrible. I will go back to grab a beer and watch a game, but I will never eat there again. It's sad because someone obviously put a lot of money into the decor but they missed looking at the quality of the meals. Horrible.
1	Owner of the establishment gets offended easily, even if you're simply trying to find a seat. They were out of many tap beers for a couple of weeks. Slaw was bad.
2	Down the street and convenient to me.  Is set up as a great sports bar and the beer is really cold.  Sadly the food sucks.  I have tried a couple of different things and it's the same.  Wish it wasn't that way because this could be really cool.
4	Grat place to watch a game.  Tons of TVs and they have Sunday ticket.  Great beer selection, they usually have something on special.  Don't know why a few reviews are ripping on the food, I have been here about 15 times and the food has always been good.  The wings and burgers are great.
