4	Love frozen yogurt and yogurtland is the best self- serve. The flavors change and you can fill up your cup as much as you want, just got to remember they give oversized cups on purpose! Lol! I got coconut and pistachio swirl and so good! Unfortunately no chocolate sprinkles but plenty of other options including colored sprinkles. We shared and enjoyed it! The people watching sitting at the tables is always fun! The girl at the register had no personality and she was compared to a rock when we asked one question! Definitely enjoyed my late night treat! The fro yo is the creamiest compared to other self serve places I've tried.Oh and this must be new location as its inside Excalibur! Up in food court area near popcorn place
4	For being inside the casino it's actually a really good place for yogurt. They have a lot of different flavors and you can try them before you buy.And they also have a lot of toppings. You pay by the ounce... So be careful about how much you put in your cup and how many toppings you put on. Everything has weight :)The stuff was friendly and the taste and quality of the yogurt was really good. So if you're in the mood for frozen yogurt in a lot of different flavors and options... Definitely give it a try.I had a really decent size container of yogurt... With some toppings for less than five dollars.
5	Grrr no green tea yogurt.  The girl at the counter was so sweet and nice and she told me that they would not bring the macha green tea to the Vegas location.So I guess the only place I can get it is when I go back to LA since they have it there. (Sad Face)  But I still have Jamba Juice so I can suffer for just a little bit. lol
2	Product is good as always. But the service was horrible. Toppings needed to be refilled. Tables were dirty. The person at the counter looked like she had no desire to work there. She was standing there doing nothing, didn't greet anyone or offer samples. She didn't even know how to work the rewards system when I gave her my rewards card. She argued with me when I said I had three 4oz rewards and I had to use my app to prove it to her. She obviously wasn't properly register trained. Makes me glad I have an excellent Yogurtland that provides excellent service back home.
1	I didn't think it would be possible to be so let down by Yogurtland and yet it happened and in Vegas of all places. Visiting 18 minutes before they were due to close I noticed no staff in sight and just 4 of the 12 flavors had nozzles on the dispensers. I figured because it was almost time to close they started early so hurried to get a cup and pour some Yogurt so I didn't hold the staff up only trying to pour the Yogurt it came out like liquid. No joke, it was more like a runny Milkshake than Frozen Yogurt and I was pissed. I guess the staff had decided to close up really early and had switched the machines off already.Trying to get the attention of a member of staff I then stood at the register for 5 minutes but no one came. Seriously?? What sort of business run's like this? Not only closing way too early but then ignoring any potential customer that came by. Needless to say I left the cup of melted mess and walked out.At 49c an ounce they probably did me a favor and ended up getting the most amazing Milkshake form BurGR instead.
