5	First let me establish 3 things:I am an amateur mechanic. I restore classic cars.Second, I like it when shops try to rip me off. I love to play stupid and then nail them.Third, I didnt believe there's any such thing as a trustworthy shop anymore.Having said all that, I must admit Ted Wiens on Fort Apache blew me away last week. I have never been so impressed in my life with a repair facility.I initially dealt with Chris. He's the guy on the counter that greets you when you enter. He was friendly, and courteous. I was there for an oil change (I had recently bought a coupon from a door to door salesman). I wait about thirty minutes and Chris tells me my car is done. He mentions there are a few issues with the car I may want to address. I thank him, but cut him short explaining the oil change will be sufficient.Again, he is courteous and tells me my car will be done in about 5 more minutes.A moment or two later, another gentleman approaches me and introduces himself as Jack, the General Manager of the store. I assume this is where I get screwed.He asks if I mind following him out to the car so he can show me a couple of areas of concern. We spend about 5 minutes going over the car and it becomes obvious these are repairs I needed. The brakes were quite low, I had a significant coolant leak, and several of the fluids were really nasty.Here's what blew my mind though. Jack called several other repair facilities on speaker phone to compare his price. He explained that he knew he wouldn't be the cheapest, but he wanted to make sure he was competitive!! In the end I spent $3216.00 and, true to his word, he came in right in the middle of the estimates we got over the phone. He then drove me home, called every couple of hours with status updates, and picked me up when it was ready. I know they weren't the absolute cheapest in town, but by God, I believe they were the best.A month later, my Lexus has never run so well, and I have an appointment on Friday to take my wife's van in.If you need competent, honest, and thorough repairs on your car, or just want an oil change without getting screwed, then go see Jack and the boys at Ted Wiens on Fort Apache. I have
5	Let me preface this with the fact that I know absolutely nothing about cars, and I really have no desire to learn. I have been to many Ted Wiens locations and they have all exceeded my expectations. This one, however, was my favorite. It's in a great location and I like that there are many restaurant options that I can utilize while my car is getting worked on. My most recent trip here was for an oil change and two new tires. Everyone I spoke to was extremely friendly and professional and they did a great job explaining what they were going to do and how much it would cost. They did let me know of a few things that I may need to do in the future to keep my car running smoothly, but at no point did they try to up-sell me or talk me into getting work done that I hadn't originally planned on (like almost every other auto shop I've been to).Overall it was a great experience, which is rather bizarre, because I hate spending money on car maintenance.. I'd much rather be shopping. However, when it is time for that inevitable car maintenance, I will undoubtedly come back to this Ted Wiens.
3	I have a love-hate relationship with this shop. I don't like seeing them because that means I have issues with my car, but when I do see them, they aren't horrible. They tend to be timely and thorough in their diagnostics, repairs, and recommendations. They do have a habit of being 'meh' with their customers, kind of on the dismissive end of things when it comes to concerns. However, $300 to replace spark plugs and wires? Kick rocks! I did the job myself and only paid $80 for parts.
1	This shop failed to accurately diagnose a cracked head gasket that is now requiring a complete engine block replacement. I first brought my car to them in mid August 2011, and I've been bringing it in periodically since then, with symptoms of disappearing coolant, overheating, intermittent starting issues, all of which point to head gasket issues. They failed to diagnose this and they had several opportunities to do so! Never again will I bring a vehicle to this shop.  If you want a good Ted Wiens shop, go to the one on Blue Diamond and Arville.
5	I brought my truck in for a alignment, and they said it needed a part to align correctly. However while aligning it, they realized they didn't need the new part after all. So at their own cost, they took off the new part, put my old part on, which happened to still be good. They just didn't know it until the new part made no improvement and they adjusted something else instead. I gotta hand it to Hugo and Jack the manager for taking such good care of me and for being so honest. I'll be back.
5	This was my second time there. After my first experience I went back. I called and asked if they could diagnose my truck problem. I could fix it myself, but I needed a scan tool to diagnose it. You'd think they'd be upset for not getting the work after diagnosing it. I brought it in and they spent a good amount of time with me. I'm lucky they were dead. They diagnosed my truck and didn't charge me! Of course, I gave the tech $20 for his time and I was on my way. Guess what. Turns out I can't fix it myself, so I'm bringing it back to them to fix. They deserve it. Great shop, better guys, and best customer service.
1	Please, please avoid this clip joint....they do not stand behind there word.   They sold me some expensive rotors 12 months ago for $1000 and then failed to honor there word when the rotors became warped.  This shop has rude condescending employees who always try to upcharge you, this is they type of auto repair shop you do not need.   Every time I have been there for an oil change there is another $40 worth of stuff you need, they probably cut your belts too for future income.....Stay away, go to Goodyear, or Just brakes.
3	I don't know anything about fixing cars.  When something goes wrong with mine, I usually assume it's the rotor or the belts, because those sound like car problems.  Since I live close to Ted Wiens, and have been going there for the last year without problems, I continue to use them for my auto needs. The staff is friendly, the waiting area has TV and free coffee, and it's clean.  I don't know in terms of service, how great they are, but I do know that they haven't broken anything in my car or made anything worse, which is a huge plus. From what I understand, Ted Wiens is a little pricier than some other auto spots in town, but until they give me a reason to go somewhere else, they'll keep my business.
5	I was driving in from LA and my clutch went out! Ted Wiens was the first shop I found on my GPS and I made an emergency landing there. What initially seemed like a nightmare was transformed into one of the best experiences Ive ever had at a mechanic. These guys were incredibly friendly and on top of everything. They replaced my slave cylinder for dirt cheap and got me outta there in time to go clubbing on the strip! Great experience, wish they were in LA!
5	Best tire balance every!  Car is smoother than new and my Audi TT is two years old.Seems they use a Road Force balancer (highest tech unit out there) and they have a 12 year veteran operating it.Of special mention Scott Blakely, the service advisor was informative and very helpful.Great to find a tire shop with integrity AND free Wi-Fi while you wait - you just need to ask for the password.
5	Battery died kitty corner to this Ted Wiens. Scott Blakely saved the day. He personally came over in thunder, lightning and rain to try to jump start it. Nada. Then he called me with the tow truck number. Got it over there about 3 minutes til closing and they had me back on the road with a new battery in just a few minutes. I was a long way from home and it was a relief to have it fixed. Way to go, Scott and crew.
5	I was having major problems with my battery light coming on intermittently and the car dying.  The dealership was giving me the run-around and seemed to be charging me for parts and labor I didn't need (and didn't solve the problem).  I came to Ted Wiens (where I purchased the battery) for a second opinion and they took better care of me then my own car's dealership.  Hugo took lots of time to test everything and explain things in a way I could understand.  He was very patient and kind.  I will not hesitate to bring my car back for service in the future!
1	Unbelievable. You try so hard to find an HONEST mechanic but in this town they don't seem to exist. My husband took our car in to these people to get a new battery and they told him he needed a new alternator and that it cost roughly $400 when he and I both knew all we needed was a battery. Sure enough, we took it to another mechanic, told him how these people tried to screw us, and they happily gave us a new battery, now the car is fine. The managers of this store should be ashamed of themselves for trying to take advantage of their customers.
2	Went in for an alignment. They charged extra for my civic being lowered.  Never have I been charged extra at Goodyear or at my uncles ford shop for my car being lowered. Took over an hour. Service was ok but dont charge me extra for nonsense.
4	Most places like this take you for a financial "ride". Luckily, there were no surprise charges. Would give 5 stars if service was faster
2	Just moved to the westside of town and decided to look up Ted Wiens, since I always hear it on the radio. With the good reviews here, and with the GM actually responding to people, I figure I would give it a shot. Took my 2006 Pontiac G6 in for a check engine light check with an AutoZone diagnostic paper that narrowed it down to an EGR valve issue. The gentleman there told me that they would take $100 from the diagnostic and apply it to the cost of repair, from what I understood. Anyway, quoted for $318, so I went ahead and let them do it since it was cheaper than Meineke or my dealership.Fast forward two hours later and my car was ready to be picked up. We walked there, and I received my bill and was told I had $368 due, since they did a half diagnostic and didn't take any amount off, I was a little shocked by it. Then I pulled out my debit card and the gentlemen said my grand total was now $409. I took back my card and said I was ORIGINALLY quoted $368, and he said in a quiet voice "Oh yeah, that was before tax...". At this point I was very upset, but kept my temper and the cashier brought down my total to $381 and some change.Honestly, from the reviews here I am very disappointed. The repair was wonderful, however the service was sub-par and I felt robbed because I was quoted for three different amounts and was upcharged for a service I did not necessarily need.I will probably be back for basic maintenance, but I am now afraid of getting any major service done from this place. Chris P, keep up the good work replying to these reviews. Props.
4	My check engine light came on again and I decided to take the car back to get in checked for potential error.Jack, the store manager was very polite and had my car taken right away for more inspection. It turns out that my car's software just needs to be updating, as there was nothing wrong with my car, and that they would make sure they update it next appointment for an affordable price.I know on my previous review I was a bit upset, but Jack and his team made me feel a bit better about my situation by not upselling or recommended unnecessary services. Thanks guys.
4	Went back for my overcharge on an alignment with lowered springs. The Store manager took care of everything. Thanks!
1	I came here because I had a coupon for my oil change and it seemed like a good bargain. Little did I know this place was going to try to take me for a ride. The wait was quite long, and before I was able to get my keys and pay they tried to tell me all these things that were supposedly malfunctioning in my car. All in all they were trying to scam me out of more than $700 in unnecessary services.I think they were taking advantage of the fact that I am a woman and I don't look like I have an extensive knowledge about the inner workings of cars. There is no way all these things needed to be done at 20,000 miles! I would never recommend this place and feel very offended at how they tried to treat me. You definitely lost a good customer.
5	I have read previous reviews on Ted Wien Tire & Auto centers. Now I am writing a review based on personal experience. I felt hesitated when I walked into this center due to the impact from negative reviews by others. But now I sincerely say : I am both grateful and thrilled for taking the step to do business with Ted Wien.My car was completely  dead when I began to start my car after a visit to a store. it was evening so I had no choice but to leave the car in the parking lot.Next day, I went to Ted Wien as it is the closest to the parking lot with my car. I explained the situation to the front desk, Randy. Then he sent a mechanic to jump-start  the car, but it failed to start. THen it became obvious that the issue could not be fixed by jumping start. So the issue was to get the car to the garage for further check-up. Then I went to the office to ask for the price for the tow. Jack, the manager, told me that to save me from the charge for towing, he would send another two mechanics to fix the issue. The two drove over to the parking lot where my car was parking. Todd, one of the mechanic, worked laboriously and intensely to identify the problem and work on it. He worked so hard even I felt worried that he might hurt himself. but after his intensified work, the car did get started. I was so thrilled. But I could see that some parts need replacement. Todd suggested to get the replacements. Then I drove over to the garage and they were replaced. The total cost was only $35. 81 ( for the parts and the labor for the replacements. )The center sent two group of mechanics to check and fix the car by driving over. and They only charged the replacements. Looking back, they could asked me to tow the car and they made money by doing so, and they could put the car onto the machine to diagnose the issue instead of personal check-up based on telling signs. they also could tell me all the possible issues related to the failure for a car to start and replace each the parts such as alternator, and starter, ....they did none of these. but honestly identify the issue and put intensified work into it to get it fixed. Without going to any possible channels to charge more, they charged very little for a desperate, ignorant old lady with no knowledge in car. I was so grateful and happy and decided to write the whole true experience out to share with any one who would like to find a trustworthy car mechanics to fix your car. Definitely I will be there whenever the need arises.
2	I've used Ted Wiens before and have had no problems. Plus, I have their little sticker coupon book so I wanted to take advantage of my discount.. But when I called to check up on the status of the oil change for my Lexy on Friday I was notified that in addition to the oil change, I was in desperate need of 2 new front brake pads, 2 new front rotors, 2 new rear tires and that my heating hose needed to be re-clamped because it was leaking.. I asked how much it would all be and was told it would be over $1000 :X FML but then I was told I would be given a little discount because of my coupon book bringing it down to around $975. Told them that I would think about it and call them back. I called another auto shop in the area to compare prices and was shocked when they told me that they would charge me a flat rate of $650. So I paid for the oil-change ($48 Synthetic Blend & that's with the $10 discount because my car holds 7 quarts of oil or something like that lol) and took my car down a few blocks to the other shop... While driving, I noticed Ted Wiens didn't even replace my next due oil change sticker and then later I found out that they rotated the rear tire on the right side of my car to the front (only the right side & not the left) which is very dangerous because they are 2 different sizes! UGH!The sales representative at Ted Wiens, Christian, has always been super nice but I can't help but feel those prices were a bit of a rip off.
2	UPDATE: The store manager called me saying his boss was flipping out on him for my review and blamed that the employee who rang me up was "new" and didn't know what he was doing or as to why my total was almost 50$ for a oil change and that I was ruining their business with my REVIEW AND HONESTY. The employee that was deemed "new" but I've seen that gentleman there for awhile...because I literally come in every 2-3 weeks. Jack is a awesome manager though and I didn't see him today, and has taken care of me alllll the time. The other customer I was talking about was not being ripped off and I misheard or something! So nevermind that! All in all just don't attempt to rip off a long time customer, and a girl whose parents own a auto bodyshop!
5	I brought my vehicle in for an oil leak and for a strange odor.  Come to find out that both were being caused by the same problem.  Christian Parness was very professional and kept me aware of what was going on with the process the entire time..  My car was as good as new.  Just want to thank Christian and the entire team at Ted Wiens @ Ft. Apache for a great experience and excellent customer service!  I will continue to be a loyal customer and recommend your store to others.
1	I bought one of those sticker cards where you get the several oil change coupons for a low price. Seemed like a good deal considering how expensive oil changes can be these days.My car was brand new. It had barely been off the lot a couple months. I brought it here for its first oil change after 3000 miles. These guys had the audacity to tell me that I needed to change my front and rear brake pads. I'm a grown man, and another grown man looked me in the eye and told me a car with less than 4000 miles on it needed front and rear brake pads. My trusted mechanic that I have used for several years confirmed the front pads had 75% remaining, and the rear had more than 80% remaining.I didn't bother using the remaining oil change coupons. If you enjoy being lied to, and you like unnecessary up-sells, this is your mechanic!
5	Fantastic service , reasonably priced . Have a Mercedes e63 and they really do a better job than the dealers . They are also more professional and friendly.Jack McKnight is a great manager
1	Never coming back here. The ac in our van has gone out more than once and hasn't been fixed properly yet, we were here a month ago and they said it was fixed.  Also, we need new o2 sensors and they are overcharging me to fix it.  They told me around $550 for two to be installed, I found them quite cheap on the private market and was able to get them installed quite easily.  Each o2 sensor was about $67 and was installed in less than ten minutes.
5	Store Manager Jack M.,Christian P. and entire team at this location provide honest and excellent service. I strongly recommend this location for all you car needs!
5	First had experience through this automotive repair shop with my wife and an oil change.  We came here because we had a discount through a Cub Scout discount card.  My wife was really pleased and stated that the service was trustworthy.  I then bought a 2012 Dodge in that I had purchase 3 months prior for an oil change.  Besides the cabin air filter that was needed there were no other services recommended.  I appreciated this because generally you feel this is a places chance to nickel and dime you.Finally, I recently purchase an R.V. from California.  I was trying to find a place to have it smogged and the normal ones I use near my house were all giving me the run around even though I knew that there should be no problem doing it.  Thats when I though Ted Wiens!  I then call and was told by Christian in a very friendly manner that it would be no problem and they would happily take care of it.  Its a 32 foot rig so I was happy to have someone so accommodating.  I also purchased a set of headlights that I wanted them to install because I thought the ones I had were defective, no high beam.  They quoted me $40 and looked at the R.V.  It was then that the tech came back in and strongly suggested that I don't do the change because the setup I already had was very nice and that there isn't a high beam needed with these HID lights.  I appreciated their honesty and not taking advantage of someone who didn't know.  I feel real comfortable coming to a shop like this and am happy to have found a trustworthy place in the auto industry.  I usually go to dealerships but feel they are overpriced and are untrustworthy sometimes in their own right.  Jack, Randy, Christian, and the Tech from the back.  Thanks a million, I appreciate your service!
5	I have been coming to this location of Ted Wiens for over a year for my automative needs. From the quail it's of work by their auto techs to the courteous, knowledgeable service advisors, I highly recommend Ted Wiens at Fort Apache and Flamingo. No problem is too great. I appreciate their candor and professionalism. Thank you, Christian, Jack and Randy.
1	I can't stand to be lied straight face from a bunch of grown up men!!! They think we are idiots... They all look so retarded!!! ! We as family used to like them, and one of the guys tried to treat us pretty good, but, now I would not recommend anyone to be taking advantage of like they have been doing to us. We were told that this exactly shop was on the news for a bad reputation and at first I couldn't believe it, but after leaving there today and open my car and see that the floor matt was dirty and all curl up after asking several times to make sure to put a protect paper or plastic so it will not dirt the carpet ... I'm pssssd and I can't stand them anymore.... I guess they don't need business anymore.... The dirty carpet it's not the worse part, the worse part is that they're a bunch of crooks and they look like pot heads and act like them too!!!! That's my story and I'm sticking to it!!!
1	KmI brought my wife's car to this location yesterday.  I also need to say that I have been a loyal customer for over 20 years, I  should say former customer. A service writer Christian attempted to sell me 2 tires that only needed to be rotated. His price of $460.00 for two front tires I thought was excessive. When I told him that I was going to leave he dropped the price 15%. Thank you Christian I saved more by taking it to Chapman Dodge on E. Sahara, where they suggested that I only needed to have those 2 front tires rotated. I will never purchase anything from any of your locations, and I will be calling the Better Business Bureau!
5	Well here again! This time I needed new tires for the beast. Like always no pressure. I shopped around and found a little lower price for my tires. The good fellas at Ted  Wiens beat that price by quite a bit. They always take great care of me here. Know me by name. It's such a wonderful feeling walking through the door and they greet u by name. They really do treat u like familyHere. Everyone here from the store manager jack to the salesman Christian and randy are awesome.  I always leave here with a smile on my face & a good feeling about the services provided. I would recommend this shop to anyone looking for any services in the automotive field from repairs to tires. Thx again guys!!! I will be back next time.
5	Had a coupon for this place so we went in to get our oil changed today. It was right before closing time but they took us anyway. The guy we talked to was helpful & professional. Will definitely be back.
5	This is the only TW to go to in the valley. The gentlemen that work here are amazing. I was stuck between a rock and a hard place and they made sure I was taken care of. Everyone who works at this location is friendly and helpful. I needed a new battery and was planning on leaving my car overnight. My friend was supposed to pick me up and take me to work but, ended up hetting stuck in traffic. Not only that but, I left my credit card at home. I told the guys to just get my car started cause I couldn't afford the price of the battery and the extra serivce fee (which I  was quoted at another TW). They told me that they would wave all the extra charges and just get me out thw door and to work on time for the price of the battery. They are truly a class above the rest.
