5	Mmmm. This is one of my favorite places to go if I'm in the mood for a sandwich, salad, or soup kind of lunch. They've got all three, plus large spuds with toppings that taste great too. It's simple, clean, and with great service. Lots of options for all 3: sandwich, salad, or soup. The options are also creative. For example, ORANGE CRANBERRY CLUBSmoked turkey, hickory ham, applewood smoked bacon, cheddar,Swiss, lite mayo, lettuce, tomatoes and orange cranberry sauce onharvest wheat bread. I tried it, and it was a new sensation in my mouth. Had not tried a sandwich with this kind of combination before. (Mostly the orange cranberry sauce add-in) Also, the place is Wi-Fi enabled,
5	Wonderful Rueben, shared one with friend and got baked Lays, plenty to eat and so goooooooooooood!!!
4	We stopped in over the weekend while doing some shopping at Carolina Place mall. I had never been to this location before but found the food to be the same quality and consistency of the other locations I have visited (Ballantyne, Blakeney, the Arbo).  The place was packed since it was around lunch time on a Saturday... but we found a table and they got our food to us pretty quickly.  The employees were friendly and helpful.
2	This isn't the worst one I've been to in Charlotte but definitely not the best.  I had to toss my own ceasar salad(no modifications either).  Not the way things should go when paying $7 for a salad.  At least it was Tuesday and a free kids meal was included.
4	Back in the day when I worked at Carolina Place Mall, McAlister's was my go-to lunch spot to avoid the fast food overload in the rest of the food court. On a normal day at the mall, there is plenty of seating (both indoors and outdoors). The only time I've ever had an issue is on...say...Black Friday, but even then the staff is great about maintaining a good flow. The menu is simple and delicious. Great soups. Great sandwiches. Great sides (with some healthy options, which is nice). They also have killer sweet tea that comes in a gigantic cup, and you can get free refills, which is super helpful if you work in the mall for long hours.
3	OK...portions, variety and service.  This is an order at the counter and take a seat with a number to have your order delivered.  Salads are good sized and the drinks, at least our iced tea, came in huge glasses.Great for lunch, is crowded but moves fast.  Could be in the food court, but has an outside entrance.Just OK.
5	Loved the food! I ordered the Southwest Salad and Broccoli and Cheese Soup. Everything was served quickly and super friendly.
4	McAlister's Deli has some pretty darn good potato soup, I must say. So I ordered a cup of that along with a french dip. This one is different than most because they use sharp cheddar cheese instead of provolone. The bread was great though, just crunchy enough but soft enough to take a god bite. I have also had their southwest turkey melt, ummmm guacamole! That along with the soup are my two favorite things here.
5	Food was great!! The chili was a bit salty, but it could be me. I'm not to tolerable to salty foods. The place was clean, staff was friendly and good simple food . Happy me!!!
1	The food and Service was disgusting. My wife and I had Chili and both of us had severe stomach problems .  I  should go to the Health Department.. I have pictures of the So called food. I spent over $30.00 FOR A CASUAL lunch and for Dog food? Are you kidding? I had one bite of each item and left it . I want a refund . I was there about 3:30 pm 1/11 . There is a serious problem with this location.You would not eat what you served me.DISGUSTING
3	This location was very busy during my time of ordering, however, I feel they should have been more prepared for the crowd.  This location was understaffed but the food is always delicious.
