4	We just recently moved from San Francisco, and we are happy to find this Vietnamese kitchen here in Mesa. The taste of pho (beef noodle soup) is authentic and delicious. We also ordered the BBQ pork w/ vermicelli noodles with chili sauce on the side. The restaurant is a cafe-style atmosphere, clean, and very pleasant to eat in. The Price is about $7-8 per item; it is a bit more expensive than in San Francisco due to less competition. We also love their home made dessert for $3.50 and will definitely revisit soon.
1	Goddess got it right.  This place is pretty, and it looks so promising.  Big disappointment.   There was nothing for vegetarians.  The food was mediocre at best.  I'd choose Pho Nhat over this pretty restaurant any day.  Don't judge a book by its cover.  No good.
2	I've only been to Dragon Fly once and I'm not that impressed. Restaraunt looked very nice. Service wasnt the greatest. Not really sure what was wrong with my waiter that day.....not to friendly.Onto the food. I ordered the Pho and my girlfriend ordered the vermicelli noodles with grilled meat and eggroll. My pho seemed very artificial. The pho just didnt taste right and seemed very oily.  I took 2 bites and couldnt stomach the rest so I pushed my bowl to the side. My girlfriends dish was pretty good. I actually ate most of her order. LOL. I even ordered one to go as well. Prices are pretty decent. Ive been meaning to give them another shot but live to far.
2	It seems to me a strange decision to take your typical vietnamese restaurant and turn it into a not-so-typical vietnamese restaurant and then raise the prices, but not the quality. The old vietnamese restaurant that stood in the same place was typical and nothing to write home about. When I saw the new place pop up a couple years ago, I was intrigued but never thought to go there, being that there are at least 2 restaurants in that same plaza that I would much rather go to. But I had the urge to try it with a friend and I came out unimpressed. There are about 5-7 Vietnamese places within a 10 mile radius of this place and I find it strange that their prices are higher than all the rest. Their soup in pho wasnt especially good, though it was passable. Their rice dishes seemed to be on par with others but for the price you would expect more. The only redeeming thing about this place would be the more contemporary decor that you don't see in most other Vietnamese places. It was cleaner and from the table setup you could tell they are aiming for a higher echelon of clientele.  The bottom line: The food was ok. The ambience was better than most. If you care about such things then this may be the place for you. As for me, I'd rather save a couple bucks, endure a nondescript dining area and go to one of the many places just minutes away.
4	I gave Dragonfly a try last night and was very pleased with my experience. Good thing I didn't read these reviews and change my mind. First off, Wednesday night now features a very amusing piano player who plays lots of popular tunes that will have you singing along before you realize what you're doing. There weren't many people there, but our waitress was very attentive and cheerful. The best part by far was the food. I had no idea what to order, but settled on a 5 spice chicken. It was awesome. Great flavors I had not experienced before. We also had a beef dish. Can't remember the name, but it was really good too. I have to say I was surprised. I'll be sure to stop in again the next time I'm out in Mesa.
4	Dragonfly doesn't seem to hold too dear to anyone's heart, I only say this because when we walked in there ~6pm on a Saturday night it was completely desolate (if you don't include the one person eating alone). I honestly don't have enough fingers and toes to count to the number of times I almost made a decision to go here instead of Best Hong Kong or any other restaurant in the area. That night I decided it was finally time to give it a shot.It would be tiresome to divulge into the details of our indecisive ordering, but the waiter/(owner?) was nice enough to help us through each entree we thought to be the least bit interesting (based on name of course). After about 13 1/2 minutes of debating and almost 2 glasses of their white tea we both ordered something we thought would be fitting. Less than oh lets say 10 minutes later there it was my yellow curry chicken and her _____(I believe it was something beef? 5 spice?) and both dishes were delicately prepared, garnished immaculately not to mention delicious. The waiter and staff there was always attentive to our needs and was thoroughly helpful when it came to our lack of knowledge in Vietnamese foods.I pride myself in reviewing only the places that fit the far ends of the spectrum and Dragonfly seems to have found its place in my heart at the better end. I will be back there soon to fill the newly found void in my stomach for traditional Vietnamese food.
2	WEAK SAUCE...literally. Against my better judgment I decided to go to Dragonfly instead of Pho Ao Sen to spice things up a bit. I ordered the Pho Veggies and was sadly disappointed. The broth tasted like they had just started simmering it and then threw tons of salt and pepper in it to cover that up. The veggies were raw, which was fine for the bok choy but not for zucchini or red peppers or mushrooms. And another note on mushrooms, the menu says shiitake and I got raw/dirty button mushrooms. My friend and I were the only ones in there for lunch and the service still sucked. It's a good thing she is sick so she couldn't actually taste the broth (thanks to the half bottle of sriracha she dumped into her pho tai). Probably not going to this place ever again...
5	#39 = AMAZING. The Thai Tea is also amazing!!  Yes the place is usually not full, but don't let that scare you.  Love this place.
4	Yeah, the service is slow due to the cutbacks in staff.  But all-in-all, this place has good food and good prices.  One of the best Vietnamese restaurants, in our opinion.  Contrary to popular opinion, they are not related to the one in Tempe.  Give them a try.
3	The service was awful so I would that a 1! I give it 4 because the soup was delicious as were the spring rolls! There was a lit of thick meat in the soup and the basil was superb!! Th rolls were very fresh ingredients and the Thai tea was top notch as well!! I recommend it for the food but service no thanks. The ambience itself was nothing cool either.
4	Quality bowl of pho!  The soup is a tad bite sweet but still darn good.  The noodles were cooked well and when the bowl of goodness reaches you the beef is still slightly pink.  It isn't overcooked and shriveled up.  The crispy rolls contained a cream cheese shrimp mixture which was really strange.  The spring rolls were ok.  We were the only people there but that may have been because it was dinner and st patty's day.  Pho can be more of lunch meal.  Anyways, service was great.
4	OK; we were there again yesterday for lunch.  My wife and I decided to have a big lunch and skip dinner and watch all the games on TV last night.  We ordered about three entrees and three appetizers.  Service is a little slow due to staff cutbacks due to the economy, but the food is still excellent and the prices extremely reasonable.  We know the owner since we frequent there a lot and he said that business was still very slow.  You readers should try them -- you will not be disappointed and the food and prices are good.  Give them a try -- I would hate to see this place go under due to the economy.
5	this place was a really nice surprise on a sunday. we had decided to take our bikes out and enjoy the nice weather. of course i was hungry, so we ended up in the saketini/oregano's plaza looking for some food. dragonfly looked cute and inviting so we thought, why not?when we walked in, only three tables were full and we were immediately sat by the host/waiter/jack of all trades. things that you must get here:1. citrus white iced tea2. cream cheese shrimp rolls3. anything with their charbroiled beef4. anything with their charbroiled shrimpthe food was absolutely delicious. i had the shrimp spring bowl which came with an overabundance of charbroiled shrimp, veggies, noodles, mint, and a tasty egg roll. i couldn't get enough of it. i loved the pickled cucumbers and carrots and the shrimp was cooked perfectly. the cream cheese shrimp roll was freaking awesome. i had never seen an egg roll stuff with cream cheese/shrimp before but i want to go back and eat 50 of them and then hate myself. it would be so worth it.between the two guys that were manning the floor (it got as busy as 6 tables when we were there) they did a great job being attentive and being ninja drink refillers. really a great first experience and i can't see myself not going back there. yay dragonfly!PS... they don't serve banh mi here but the waiter was kind enough to let me know the sammich hook up on Elliot and Warner.
4	Went again for lunch on 6/29.  Only one gal waiting tables and they were pretty busy for lunch.  But she did a good job and relatively speaking the service was good and our food came out fast.  We ordered about three entrees again and two appetizers.  As usual, everything was good and the prices are still "right".  I guess you can say that this place is not the greatest Vietnamese restaurant in town, but it is pretty good, the service is good and friendly, and the prices are great.  More people should give it a try!!
4	In short? Great food! Bad service. However I can't look too far down on them seeing that it seems they are recently under new management & seems to be run by a little old couple. Very friendly owner! Best of all they had vegetarian pho with huge pieces of veggies and tofu. Actually if there was one complaint about the pho, it would be there was just too much going on in it! Huge chunks of bok choy, carrots, broccoli & cauliflower florets... I didn't even come close to eating it all. Pho is one of my meat-weaknesses and I can't express how happy it makes me to find a delicious veggie pho. Makes me want to move to Mesa! I wanted to give it 5 stars, but I took one star due to the lack of efficient front help.
4	It is our favorite Vietnamese restaurant. Never disappoints and we really love the Spring Rolls.
5	I love this place, They have new owners now. After the new owners came in the food quality is the best it has ever been.Go on the weekend when the service is the best!
2	I have a bad experience when come here before and I never come back again. The food is not good as I expected. Maybe I come back some days and retry.
2	The name has now changed.  I think the new name is Pho something, although the signage on the building still says DragonFly.  The original owner and his wife are no longer working or cooking there.  They moved to California, but the owners parents now keep the restaurant running.  The service and friendliness is still very good, but the food yesterday was mediocre at best.  I don't know if we just had a one time bad experience, but the food was not very good.  We ordered some Pho and the broth was not up to standard and the ingredients were mediocre at best....and the veggies were very sparse.  Just some basil and a handful of beansprouts.  The egg rolls seemed as though they were old and warmed over leftovers.  You could definitely tell that they were not fresh.  And my wife's crepe was super greasy and inedible!  So we probably might not go back again, even though we have been frequenting this established ever since they opened years ago.
4	My friend and I split a Steak & Tendon small pho and a banh xeo. We were both very satisfied and full after this meal. This is the best banh xeo that I've had in Arizona so far. If you've never had a banh xeo before, it's like a Vietnamese style crepe/omelette. The outer part is egg, and inside contains: bean sprouts, meat (pork, I believe), and shrimp. You cut a piece of it, and then wrap it around the large lettuce leaves. Then you dip the lettuce wrapped crepe into the fish sauce, and enjoy.I LOVE LOVE LOVE BANH XEO! If you've never heard of it, or tried it before, I highly recommend it. Share with a friend if you're scared to try new things. If you're adventurous, try it on its own, I think it's very filling and can serve as a meal. The pho is ordinary, but other members of my party were jipped on some meats that were supposed to be included in their soup. Small size is definitely enough, even if the waiter thinks it's a "children size." Service was okay, but I'd definitely come again, just for the banh xeo. :)
4	I had lunch here today. I love the owner, he is awesome. Always friendly and he tries so hard to make everyone happy. I had the raw beef pho and it was very good. Not the best I've had but definitely up there. I also had the spring rolls. A little too much mint for my liking but they were fresh. All of the veggies were beautiful. Fresh and lots of flavor. My beef was pretty good too. The fat had been trimmed completely so I was thrilled. I hate fat. It hit the spot with me and I will continue to go back. The service is great and fast. Overall a nice experience.
3	Pretty good little pho joint. My regular lunch posse (that is what I like to call them - because it sounds better than me and 4-6 engineering dudes) wound up here today somewhat by accident, but overall I think we were very pleased with the service and the pho. The gents all ordered their usual beef pho and I had a chicken in a beef broth. The servings were huge. One of my companions ordered the large bowl, which would have been enough to feed three small children (or this guy). We eat at a lot of Vietnamese restaurants on our lunch outtings and one of my regualar cohorts recently made the best Pho I have ever tasted - so our expectations may run a little  high. So, a 3 star review from me for pho is a pretty good one. I'll definitely head back to try out some of the other menu items soon.
5	I used to work here when I was going through beauty school and I'm pretty sure it has become my golden standard for judging Vietnamese food. Nothing measures up to the flavor and freshness of this place. I still love it and will travel from central Phx to mesa just to eat there. Open one in central Phoenix, I swear it'll take off!! and I will work there a few shifts again too :o)
5	Had dinner here last night and it has gotten better! Everything was super fresh and yummy! The food is totally authentic and reminds me of my travels in Asia. I think I will be going here more and more now that it is fall/winter for the Pho. The bbq is also REALLY good!
3	Easy to find right off southern. Not the best I've ever had but passable. Missing several condiments I am used to with pho. Asian cilantro, nam pla, etc broth was good, generous steak and noodles. Not going out of my way to eat here however.
5	My favorite Pho but I think it has a new name now?
1	It is under new management.  The food is not quite as good as before.  The spring roll wrapper was dried and hard as if it was made a while ago.  The pho soup was too peppery, which is very unusual.
2	BEWARE THE FISH MINT!!!!This was a new experience for me.I've been to oh-so-many pho places all over the country, and not one of them used this traditional (but disgusting) herb called FISH MINT.Spring rolls - basic - can't go wrong?  oh but it could...Everyone kept tasting this fish taste and we thought maybe the shrimp had gone bad (we are in AZ, folks).Then my friend's salad came out.  FISHY.Then my bun.I put all the leafy greens in there liberally (I do love my greens), and then I got this big mouthful of... ROTTEN FISH.BLECH!!!!I literally spit it out and almost gagged.Finally I called the waiter over cuz I was bankin' on a free meal (what with the vegetables being left out with rotten fish, or something), and he just laughed and said,"Oh!  That's diep ca!  It's very good for you.  Some people don't like it... Next time we'll leave it out."and that was that.Ick.Who likes the taste of rotten fish?  I actually like the taste of fish sauce, so it's not like I'm a total nay-sayer on all things fishy... but DAMN... that $h!t tasted NASTY.I had to google it, cuz I thought he was just making it up.  But there really is an herb called FISH MINT.BEWARE!!!The Pho is safe.  Apparently they don't serve it with pho.
5	the food is always so vibrant and delicious, I swear I can hear her singing in the kitchen sometimes. We are always greeted with a smile and great service :)
4	This is our family go to place for Pho.  It's very good. Other dishes are also very good.  We are regulars with a half hour drive.  The best we have found in the area.
5	Been going here for a little over 2 years and the owners feel like family. The food is always amazing and fresh, the owners are super friendly. You can tell the little lady gets joy out of making her food for people and she is damn good at it. I recommend the Pho, Vegetarian fried rice with veggies, Orange Peel Chicken and the Angry Chicken. Oh yeah, and the spring rolls are killer.
4	This is my regular go-to Pho place. I'm originally from Tucson and having been spoiled by having 2 Miss Saigon locations there (best Pho I've ever had) I was looking for a new replacement here in the valley. I tried a dozen places or so before I found this little gem. There seem to be quite a few Pho places around here so it's hard for any one to stand out, but the food here speaks for itself. I always end up getting the Pho Tai Chin Bo Vein and it is excellent. They tend to be a little skimpy on their meat at times but the broth is so flavorful (and not overpoweringly anisey) that I don't mind. They also have decent spring rolls but their peanut sauce is lacking- that's my only real complaint. I wish they had boba teas here- if they did I would just never leave!If you're thinking about visiting this place I'd definitely say go for it! It's a little hard to find at first, being tucked away in a little corner plaza being covered by an Oreganos, so keep a keen eye out! Oh, and if you're into Billy Joel/Elton John type of music they have this musician that regularly plays on Wednesday afternoons. He's not bad- its like Sinatra singing a jazzy Billy Joel.
4	Sadly, this place is closed now. Owner moved back to Cali.
