5	The Good Egg just opened at the Safeway anchored shopping center at Happy Valley Road & 39th Avenue (Stetson Village Shopping Center).  The service was fast and the food was great!
2	Not so "hot". Really not so hot.   Slow service. Cold food. Badly cooked eggs.    Maybe they need more practice.    They are new.
5	Love this new location, came here on a Sunday morning and they told me 20 minutes but got us in 10 minutes later.  Service is always pretty good and the food is always great.  They closed the I-17 and Bell location to open this one since that strip mall was old and vacant.  This place is all brand new and I've always loved the food.  I love that they put all the calories on each item to make my decision better.  I wish all places did this.
4	Great breakfast stop!  The eggs were cooked good.  New place.  Clean and casual.
5	Best breakfast ever! I am in love with the veggie skillet! Country potatoes, broccoli, spinach, cheese and egg any way you like it on top! Lots of other breakfast selections to choose from. Great family dining experience. We all get exactly what we want, leaving full and happy!
3	I came here a couple weeks after it opened. The food was good, service was slow. I had to ask my waitress three times to bring more cream fro my coffee. BUT, I gave it another shot and I'm glad I did. The server was very attentive. But really, it's just your standard Good Egg breakfast.
3	I have been here about five times since this restaurant opened since I live nearby.   Some experiences have been good, some bad.  I will start with the good.   The food, for the most part,  is fine.   I have only had a couple of bad things on the menu.    Items I recommend: Egg White & the 7 Veggies omelette, The Works omelette, Sunrise Benedict, any of the Pancakes, the turkey sausage., ham steak, Arizona Scramble and the fresh squeezed OJ is great.   I would not recommend the Three cheese omelette (literally about one tablespoon of cheese on the top, no cheese inside the omelette).  Also, the country potatoes can be hard, dry and old.   Make sure you request a fresh batch.    Now for the bad.   The service can be just horrendous.   One time we waited so long to be greeted that we almost walked out.   The server was training a new hire and apparently never bothered to see if he had been sat any tables.   The restaurant was not even that busy.   The manager never does any table visits, he is always eating at the counter.  They could do better if they tried a little harder.
4	The breakfast here is consistently good and they have a great variety. I am personally a mexi-breakfast fan and love my eggs with salsa, and they have a nice homemade one here with a lot of flavor. The dollar side options make for nifty add-ons, like the recent pumpkin pancakes! Be prepared to wait on any weekend morning, every one I have been to in the Valley is busy! Sad that they closed the location closest to me on Bell Rd., but I like them so much I will still drive further away for their morning grub!
2	Very disappointed. We have been regular customers of the 29th Ave and Bell location for years. That location had the very best wait staff you could ask for. They were all so friendly and very observant to your needs. They closed and opened up on Happy Valley. Well upon the first visit we were excited to see our usual waitstaff and service and food was excellent as always. the next two times we did not see our usual waitstaff and the food was so so.  It is obvious that the new waitresses are being nice because they have to be nice. This last visit, we had to ask for water 3 times,( I never had to ask for water with the original staff...they asked me)  the eggs were over cooked and again with the forced kindness. I am very sad that we have lost our perfect breakfast spot. Even the perfect bacon was not perfect this time. Not sure what happened there it was over cooked just like the eggs. The price is too high to have this experience. We may as well eat at Denny's.
3	Good service, ordered the eggs benny, it was served promptly, but the sauce was bland, unremarkable. No flavor.
1	I know this place is usually really good but today was a major fail. The place was half empty, we got cold coffee, our waiter forgot about two of the drinks, and when we finally got our food after waiting so long, my eggs were cold. I've never heard a waiter say "sorry about that" so many times...not just to our table but to others around as well. They were not having a good day :( and I went home and made my own food.
4	Good new breakfast spot! It is understandably busy on the weekends but they do get tables sat as quickly as possible. My wife ordered the Eggs Benedict and could have easily ordered a half order because the portions are very generous! I had a made to order omelet that was very tasty and portion heavy too.If you live in the are and want breakfast I would recommend the Good Egg for done in or carry out.
2	I wasn't that excited about the breakfast I had. We had the breakfast skillet and the kids had pancakes nothing I tried here was rememberable. I'll have to give it another chance since its in my neighborhood.
5	Love this place! Perfect place to go after hiking Thunderbird mountain in the AM for a healthy omelette.
2	Very disappointing. This place does not live up to the hype. Very expensive for mediocre at best. Do yourself a favor and cook breakfast at home.
4	Had breakfast here and enjoyed.  Very healthy choices!   Clean rest rooms, good service and reasonable prices.
3	This place is your standard breakfast joint with a few healthy options. Food-wise: it's ok. The crab omelette used imitation crab meat, the hollondaise sauce was on the side (good thing), and the dollar pancakes was a good deal on the side. Now onto my experience there: The place has a variety of folks with a good amount of seniors there.  When we walked in, we weren't greeted with a warm hello, just a "I'll be with you," as the hostess/cashier was ringing someone up.  After that transaction, she didn't bother to seat us but got distracted doing something else. Our waiter was no different.  Didn't bother to ask us once if we needed anything else.  We had to ask for coffee and water refill.  I don't like to bring it up, but I definitely saw a difference in how we were treated versus other patrons.  Maybe we didn't look like we were from the neighborhood?  I don't know, but it was obvious based on my own observations that we were treated differently.  It actually left a sour taste in my mouth. Will I come back?  Not if I don't have to.  There are other places that serve breakfast, and imitation crab is not something I'm craving to get any time ever!
4	Had breakfast here and enjoyed.  Very healthy choices!   Clean rest rooms, good service and reasonable prices.BUT, we learned a lesson today, don't come on the weekend when it is busy as the food is just not prepared as well.
1	The food is mediocre and unfortunately there aren't a lot of options in town. Everytime my husband and I go there the service is bad and  the food is majority of the time cold because its been sitting for awhile.  I went in this morning and it will for sure be my last time at any good egg. I sat at the bar for 20 minutes. Four waiters passed by me and  smiled, not a "someone will be with you" nothing. I was about to walk up to who appeared to be a manager (who also passed me a few times) , but I decided to leave because there was already a precedence to having a bad experience. It wasn't till I got up and left when a waiter asked if I was ok. I snapped because I was starving and pregnant and I feel bad, but that place deserves no business of mine. I'm done!!!!
4	Excellent omelets and super friendly staff.  Good place for watching the calories as they post them on the menu.
4	Setting:  The wifey and I usually come here at least two times a month to enjoy our local businesses while not having to worry about cooking breakfast.Ambiance:  There is a good amount of outside and inside seating.  We have never had to wait for more than 10 or 15 minutes for a table.  It is a cozy area, and perfect for a small or big group of people to start off their Saturday!Food/Menu:  There are many choices to choose from, and each breakfast person will definitely find what best fits their style.  I am definitely a sweet person for breakfast whereas my wife loves savory.  Therefore, I will highlight our favorite sweet and savory dish!4 Peaks French Toast - So sweet and so good, which is why it is about 1300 calories.  Don't let the small amount of fruit fool you, as the caramelized pecans, caramel sauce, cream cheese frosting, powdered sugar, and whipped cream soothe your sweet taste buds.  Delicious, but is it worth the calories?  Just make sure you parked far away for a long walk back.Service:  The service has always been above average, which is why we love coming back.  We have no complaints and the waiters and waitresses do an excellent job to start your day!Overall:  The Good Egg supplies you with what a great breakfast restaurant is all about: various food choices, plenty of coffee, a pleasant wait, and a good hearty meal to start your day.  Therefore, Good Egg, we will be seeing you again!
5	My family and I have been eating at the Good Egg for years! The service is always great, the food is always amazing and they have the largest menu of healthy choices around that actually taste good! You won't find a better breakfast / lunch restruant! Try the Good Egg, you will be a lifetime customer too!
2	The Good Egg chain of restaurants is notably a great place for a friendly and tasty breakfast.  Unfortunately this location continues to have challenges with quality, customer service and overall experience.  I have been to this location at least 5 times in the last 2 months and each time there is something wrong with the experience.   From bad service, to burned potatoes, to burned omelettes, to missing items in the togo order, this location could use a refresher on the corporate mission.    I would rate this very poor as feedback has been given and still not good.   Time for new management and employees at this location.
4	We love it!  Always have, and super glad there is one in the hood now.  Personal favorite is eggs with hash.  Coffee is brewed perfect and always plenty of it.  Never been for lunch .
2	If you really like Denny's you'll love this. Just not for me, I didn't find anything special here..
5	Excellent breakfast! The service was REAL service! everyone very nice and attentive. plus our server Diana was a rock star! The Sunrise Benedict was cooked perfect! Hollandaise sauce light, creamy and not too heavy. Love the organic hot sauce on the potatoes. Coffee was so smooth and we were given huge to go cups! New favorite breakfast place!
5	Just had breakfast at Good Egg and had a great experience. Service was prompt and with a smile. The Manager on duty was personable and stopped by to make sure our food and experience was good. Really looking forward to going next weekend!
1	This place can't seem to get efficient wait staff.  Slow, slow, slow.  This is the third time in as many visits I've had a problem.  I've been sitting here for 20 minutes before coffee served, going on 30 minutes and still no food.  One visit they messed up our order with the next table and that table ended up buying or breakfast.  Another time we were totally ignored for 20 minutes.  This is the first time I've ever been compelled to leave a negative review in my life.
1	Just leaving the Good Egg after being ignored by everyone in the store after being seated at counter. This a trend that seems to be getting worse with time. The servers seem detached and oblivious to the customers. There has been a high turnover at this store I noticed lately. New faces every weekend. After 23 years I think it is time to find a new Fav breakfast place.
5	Great food and service . I have been coming for years and still nothing compared to the food and service, no matter which store I am at.
3	I have a love hate relationship with this place. Sometimes you get awesome service and sometimes you get awful service. Sometimes your food comes out super fast and sometimes it's super slow. I do like their menu and their food is usually always good. The problem is you never know what type of experience you will have until you get there.
4	Still a fan.  Service was great.  On a whim went for lunch. I had the tuna fish.  too much mayo and lacked seasoning.  Couldn't even finish it.  So why 4 stars?  They reduced our bill significantly, double stamped, and truly apologetic.  We'll continue to go, in fact they were so professional we are customers for life. Will stick to breakfast though.
5	Service and food is getting better every visit. The management has really turned this newer location around and are moving towards the standards that the Good Egg has always had. As a 20 plus year loyal customer,  I had some not so great experiences in this new location after grand opening. Much too my pleasure, the store is adjusting and tweaking and bringing the food, staff and atmosphere back to where the EGG has always insisted and delivered on!  Kudos!!!
4	I'm having a good streak of pleasant experiences lately. Here for breakfast today and was pleasantly greeted and sat. Super friendly server and 100% efficient. Pancakes and eggs benedict were excellent. They do tend to undertoast the muffins at all good eggs so if you want it toasty remember to specify when ordering. My coffee at home is way better but it is adequate here. Good place and should be on your breakfast list. ......cat just jumped on me so that is all.
1	Food was ok but the one star is for the service- we gave our name (seat for 2) to the host and waited 30 minutes. We finally went up to the host stand when people who came in after us were all getting seated. The hostess said she had crossed my name off because she "couldn't read what the name said". Seriously?? So instead of trying to spell it out she just pretended we weren't there? Unbelievable. We were seated immediately after that, but then 2 out of 4 things we ordered either weren't available or the machine was broken.
5	This place is awesome for breakfast, lunch, bfunch. Prices are reasonable. Restaurant us clean & btight. Outside seating is so comfortable these Feb & Mar mornings. I love the Castroville omelet & black beans instead of tomatoes. The whole wheat pancake batter is soooooo delish!!! Definitely a fave & must try.
5	If you miss April we found her!! Come to this location it wonderful! It's clean, friendly and A-mazing! Food was on point! Service was perfect!
5	Love the food great location and great customer service and great breakfast and lunch menu items. Updated booths n interior. Great atmosphere the best part about coming to this location other than the food that I love so much it the new manager April Melton is at this new location from the location I used to always go to. She has the best customer service skills I have ever ran into in the restaurant business. I can tell u this location is so beautiful with great food n staff I will continue to drive from Laveen Az (where I live) to this happy valley location every weekend to enjoy my breakfast/brunch. I hope this review helps all reviewing this.
1	Slow!!!!! Told it would be a 10-15 minute wait for a table. After 25 minutes we decided to take a seat at the counter. Our meals took at least 45 mins and then it was luke warm! Managers are aware of the situation and gave us a hefty discount. They asked us to 'not give up on them '. I respect their honesty and will try them again.
5	So some of the things I love about coming here is the $1 eggstra add ons from side if whole wheat pancakes or black beans with pico de gallo....  and the free sweet treat check in offer from yelp!!! They even give you frequent diner cards and after 7 meals or after 5 kids meals... You get 1 free!!! By Mondays are double stamps.
4	Great French toast, the kids Minnie Mouse pancake w/ bananas was great. Good service. Sat us quickly even w a long line.We will be back.
5	My husband and I eat breakfast here on Sunday mornings and love it. Great people and service.
4	Headed over here after being referred to this location by a Starbucks' barista in the area. She told us how nice the manager is and how she eats there regularly and we have been looking for local hot spots, so a referral is always welcome! There was a bit of a wait, but less than what we guesstimated based on the line outside.  Ten minutes later we were seated inside and our waitress came over for drink orders within a couple minutes. Both meals were good overall, although the French Toast was an odd texture - toasty outside, but soggy in the middle. The corned beef hash was extremely tasty and the eggs were cooked perfectly.The inside had some fun decor and despite how busy it was the service was quick and efficient.  We'll be back!
4	Always a favorite for me.  Santa Fe straw, hot Juan and pancakes.  They always mix up traditional breakfast and have some tasty specials.
3	Very busy place.  Fast service.  Pancakes were not done in the middle.  Bacon was under cooked.  Good coffee and service.  Basic breakfast restaurant.  Good menu.Won't be back.  Nothing special.
5	Great food n staff! Good reasonable prices n delicious just like home breakfast food! Best place for brunch/breakfast in Az. I don't even like breakfast food but I luv this place so much that I changed n I luv it now! Best place to eat with friends n fam. Or even alone!
4	Their pancakes are so good! They're practically a dessert themselves! Sometimes the service can get backed up when they're really busy, but the staff is always very nice. The outdoor seating is really nice during the cooler months, and the booths are nice a long for big parties. All around great breakfast place :)
5	Great customer service with great food! Must come no matter what diet you are on they will take good care of you!
5	This is a perfect location! They are fast and friendly. The wait staff are cheerful and fast. It's very clean! The food I ordered was eggs with English muffin and hash browns, it was very good. I would have gotten the regular potatoes tho. Over all it was good!
5	Love this place for breakfast. I work next door and I love getting a to-go order. The customer service is always great. I az also have my customers at my shop complimenting The Good Egg.
5	Still the best place in AZ to come to for brunch! Love the staff and food every visit here is great! Glad to see this place going strong. Will continue to come out to visit this location!
4	When a Starbucks barista recommends a place for breakfast, you go there! That was the case with The Good Egg. We were searching for a place to eat and struck up a conversation with our barista and she didn't hesitate to say to go here.We had a bit of a wait (maybe 10-15 min.) and we were seated inside. There were plenty of options for every type of breakfast eater and it was difficult to settle on just one thing to order. I opted for the French toast with corned beef hash. The hash was delicious and cooked really well with spices that matched it. The French toast was just okay, since the inside of it was under-cooked and a touch soggy compared to the outer parts of it. I'd skip the toast next time and do pancakes with hash!The staff was friendly and doing well keeping up with the morning rush. We were able to order, eat, and get out in a timely manner without feeling rushed either!Overall: AA great recommendation from a favorite barista!
5	Love this place so much got to meet another great server today! April left early for a meeting of some sort and we still got the best service by this great waitress named Kaitlyn she informed this is not her normal location she's just helping out today! I think she should come here more often she would be a good addition to this wonderful good egg location.
5	Yet another lovely breakfast! The staff here are really nice and wonderful! Very clean and well organized. I definitely recommend coming out here if you haven't already. Ask for Kaitlyn she's very nice and friendly.
5	Such nice employees and most important the food is amazing!
2	After eating at the now closed 44th St location for years and loving the food and the staff I visited this location after moving to this neighborhood. Located at the east side of a Safeway shopping center far away enough that parking is not a problem. Very fresh decor had me thinking that I had found a place about a mile from home I would be able to stop in almost anytime. I was wrong, I love eggs and as a person who loves eggs I can't stand poorly cooked ones. How can you screw up eggs you ask, try cooking at to high of heat too quickly for starters. I have visited this location 3 times over the last 2 years due to the fact that they have served improperly cooked ones. I have had scrambled and over medium versions prepared here with great disappointment. I would eat here once a week if they could prepare eggs correctly. They didn't charge for portions I pointed out, but that is of small consequence when you have an unpleasant experience. I can only imagine what a disappointment this place is to its owners after seeing the business a properly run Good Egg has. I might add that my wife can take or leave eggs and orders dishes I call eggs for people who don't love eggs like omelets stuffed with meat, veggies and cheese. The omelet she had was seared to the point that she only ate a small part but refused to let me say anything about it. This place needs to go. I would love a real restaurant close by and can only suggest they go to Randy's on Granite Reef to hire cooks that can prepare multiple different dishes requiring different heat levels at the same time. The only reason they got two stars is because they removed items from the bill if you have your waitress remove them because they are uneatable.
4	Getting on the right track. Woo Hoo.
5	Follow up visit after previous disappointments. I can't say enough about the turn around in food from previous visits. After receiving an invite from management I finally returned with my wife. Not expecting much I was pleasantly surprised. I love eggs and I ordered 3 over medium with hash browns, bacon and sourdough toast. I received what I would call one of the best breakfasts I have ever had. Eggs were perfectly cooked with real hash browns, some of the best bacon I've ever had and sourdough toast that pulled this altogether into one fine breakfast. I won't go into my wife's order but it was as excellently prepared as mine. Based on this visit I will be returning very soon and hopefully this will turn into my favorite breakfast spot. Good job guys.
