4	We stopped by this small diner about 2AM for a quick bite, having walked over from the Plaza Casino.  We were immediately seated.  There were three of us, and we each ordered something different.  I just had a burger and fries.  Our waitress was great.  She was very friendly and outgoing.  She gave our table just the right amount of attention.  She was there when she needed to be, checking on us and keeping the drinks filled, without being intrusive.  The food was served promptly, and it was very good, not to mention totally affordable.  We will absolutely stop by again next time we're in town.
1	The sole reason for us dining at this restaurant was for the French toast stuffed with cream cheese and fresh strawberries featured in the online menu, but we were told by the waitress that it had been discontinued.  Ms. Westie ordered hot cakes with whipped cream and strawberries which proved to be both overcooked and grossly over priced. I ordered eggs Florentine - poached eggs with spinach over an English muffin and topped with Hollandaise sauce.  The eggs were very close to being hard boiled, the previously frozen spinach was stringy, Hollandaise sauce too heavy on the lemon and the English muffin not sufficiently toasted.  Otherwise our meals were perfect.
5	...$7.99 prime rib dinner was way more than I expected...great price, good meal, fast friendly service, even on the night we were there, it was hella crowded, Dec 30th...I will return!
3	This place was alright.  $7.99 prime rib.  $6.99 meatloaf.  $5.99 spaghetti in meat sauce.  Everything needed more salt.  Nothing special here, but the service was great.
4	This place is EXACTLY what you want it to be... signs around the casino promise $7.99 prime rib dinners, $5.99 spaghetti and meat sauce... and that's exactly what you get!We arrived at about 9 pm and were seated quickly.  The restaurant isn't big, but it was alive and crowded and noisy.  We were seated in the back room, casual booths and tables and a wall full of framed old San Francisco picture.The food was okay.  The food alone gets about 2.5 stars, but this isn't merely a restaurant, it's a dining experience in Old, Dirty Vegas.White plates with ridiculous portions...  No frills.  I had the lasagna.  It was greasy and cheesy and so so filling.  My sister had the roast chicken, which was juicy and yummy.  My friend had the prime rib, which was definitely on the fatty side, but flavorful.The best part?  Our waitress!!!  Lorraine was perfect.  I think she came from central casting.  She was sassy, quick, had a comeback for everything and looked the part.  I would go back for Lorraine alone.  She's AWESOME!  Lorraine brings this place up to four stars.  Though the restaurant was busy, we were not rushed.  Lorraine knew the dessert menu off by heart... pies, cakes and other diner fare.Next time I'm back on Fremont Street, I'll probably head back to Bay City for some cheap eats with heavy atmosphere.
3	Good Cheap Eats with Downtown Atmosphere!!After reading the other reviews I really don't know what NEW I can add!!This place is NO frills, Cheap & OK fair with OK service-Nothing memorable but the atmosphere and CAST of characters you are sure to run across here.If you don't wanna wait in a long line, pay alot of $$ for little "gourmet" dishes and you like a little pie with your meal-Give it a go.WARNING: Sit at the counter at your own risk. High traffic and it's kinda gross they put all the dirty plates,etc in bus tubs right under the counter in front of you as you eat!!!
4	My first meal here was during one of my first trips to Las Vegas after turning 21. I have eaten many late night meals here. They have great food at great prices. Their daily specials are usually very good. Well, I recently did something for the first time: I finally had breakfast here.To be honest it was a bit disappointing. It pains me to say that since I like the Golden Gate a lot and have eaten at the Bay City Diner many times. I have been eating there almost every trip since I turned 21. We were given a breakfast menu which was very limited and only had basic, traditional items such as pancakes, waffles, bacon, and eggs. It looked nothing like the more interesting menu they have posted on their website. I should have asked if I could order off the dinner menu, but I figured I should give their breakfast a shot. I ended up ordering the biscuits and gravy. My friend both got breakfast bowls. The food was very average. It was good and hit the spot, but it was nothing special. While dinner at the Bay City Diner might not be fine dining, it is  a good meal for a great price. The breakfast was more like an average meal for an average price. Actually, with all the cheap steak and eggs specials offered at other casinos, I'm not sure how great a deal it was. All three of us cleaned our plates. One minor complaint is that I wish they would use a nice big glass for your drinks instead of the small ones they use. My friend had a hangover and was so thirsty that he had to get his glass refilled every few minutes. On the plus side, you can also order cheap drinks that will be delivered from the casino bar.I don't want to put anyone off eating here, but I must say that the weak breakfast menu is a blemish on an otherwise good diner. Highly recommended for dinner or late night, but only an average choice at breakfast.
1	I went into every other casino and they were all closing up shop. This was it. I had the turkey club. Really it was nothing I would ever order again. Not that I would come back here. When I went to pay the bill. Our waitress kept stretching her neck to see what kind of a tip I was leaving. When I handed the receipt to the cashier, this broad was bent over the counter. Are you kidding me. Oh! Get me odda this place.
3	It was one of those "we have to eat" type moments. Thus, we came here. It was late at night so we got seated pretty quickly.I saw their dinner menu but nothing was appetizing to me so we asked for the breakfast menu. I got corned beef with hash browns and it was good. Service was fast and definitely cheap! PS: if you go late enough, be careful with drunk patrons eating. We were surrounded and it was just obnoxious. They kept making fun of the servers and it wasn't cool at all. What was suppose to be a pick me upper dinner turned sour due to those drunks.
4	Come here every time I make a trip to Vegas.  I love this restaurant because of their reasonable prices ($8.99 prime rib deal), and the portions are pretty large for $9.  Get a delicious prime rib, mash potatoes or baked potato,  and something else ( can't recall ).  Overall, the food wasn't that bad...I've certainly have had better, but for $9, no complaints!I'll definitely come back here next time I'm in Vegas :D
4	I think between Thursday night and Monday morning we counted 6 times that we ate here. This is one of the little known gems in downtown Vegas. The breakfast is hard to beat. I really like the country fried steak and eggs with hash browns. They also do a good prime rib. On our last stop, we tried the open face roast beef sandwich with mashed potatoes. The entire plate was covered in brown gravy (OMG-delicious). The only drawback to this place is all of the crazy people that come in off the street. Downtown Vegas has more than it's share of homeless/panhandlers. And they all seem to converge right outside the diner. But it's worth going in here for the food.
3	Diner food at it's best. Killer patty melt at a great price! El cheapo shrimp cocktail as well. Nice little break from the fab pricey restaurants elsewhere. Very no frills but definitely worth the trip, similar to a Denny's but with far more character. Then do yourself a favor and get one of the 2 foot tall slushy booze drinks from the bar outside the casino! Now you are a true Vegas tourist like I was.
4	RIP Bay City Diner.  We'll miss you.The country fried steak in the morning for breakfast was the best.  Golden Gate Casino has definitely dropped the ball on this one.  :(
