5	I love this place, especially because it is next to my office (walking distance doesn't hurt).  I have a landscape company and take all my fleet vehicles here because I can really trust them.  I had them replace the transmission in one of my trucks with 80,000 miles on it and it only cost me $1200 because they got me a rebuilt one instead of new since the truck is so old and will probably be replaced within a year or two.  I can always count on these guys to get my vehicles back to me in a short amount of time.  The guys that work here are all great and Tony who runs the shop is from the east coast and you can hear it in his voice and attitude.  One time I took my 2008 GMC pickup in to have the headlight changed since the online manual said it takes 50 minutes and gave me instructions to take off half the front end just to change the bulb!  That is GM for you!  Anyway Tony had one of his guys who is like double jointed or something change the bulb without taking everything off, it took him 3 minutes and didn't charge me anything since I brought the bulb with me.  Make sure you tell them that Eli sent you since they all know me well there.
5	Everyone at Emission Express is absolutely wonderful. I was in a major state of distress when my fuel pump on my 2002 Chevy S10 decided to kick the bucket (right around the corner from this shop), and they were the absolute best to me. I worked mostly with Tony, who was so nice, helped calm me down, and really made sure I was taken care of. Great/Fair pricing, really great workforce, just a nice crew all around.I absolutely recommend these guys to anyone who needs car repair, and it's also worth noting that they do have their own Tow Truck!
5	Coming from a small town Indiana, I was a bit worried trying to find a place that was reliable honest and fair priced,for my autos. I happen to come across this gem of a place during a failed emissions test. Since I found this place, I have been back a few times. The most recent time was today. Brought my suv in thinking my cat was bad in my exhaust. It ended up be a loose/bad water pump. Long story short they found the problem that wasn't anything to do with emissions. And fixed it today! Every time i have been here i have had amazing service. Great people that are honest and to the point. I would recommend this place to anyone. They have my service as long as the doors are open.
