5	nice place to eat, very quiet and the decoration is traditional but unique. Food will never make you disappointed. I went there often before, memorable and sweet.
4	We ordered the classic pork soup dumplings. Obviously the main character in this dumpling is the soup, but it still does contain meat. There's a certain technique that one needs to eat a soup dumpling with finesse. It goes without saying that if this little steamed pocket of boiling soup is placed in front of you, unless your mouth in lined with asbestos, you're not going to toss the sucker into your mouth immediately. Let it sit in your dipping sauce for 20 seconds to cool off, place it in your spoon and nibble a hole to release the soup into your spoon then enjoy.
4	A very special place to have Chinese tapas. I like the dumplings so much! And I have to say the crispy pancake, tofu soup, Chinese pork sandwich, calzone, lamb noodle are sooooo good and yummy!!!!!
4	I love their noodle dishesthis was my second time at Mei restaurant and I tried their house noodles and pork dumplings this time. They were both delicious.
5	Best dumplings in town. The crispy pancakes are excellent as well.
4	Smallish place,modern,spare decor, complete with a fake fireplace and exposed brick walls. We were a party of 4 in for late lunch and started with a cold fungus and coriander salad,very tasty,followed by another cold dish of spicy Schecwan beef noodles.This was tasty as well,but the beef was nothing but grizzle. Third order was pan-fried veggie dumplings,very good,followed by an order of pan-fried chicken/coriander filled dumplings....delicious!We then proceeded with the last dish ordered,crispy pancakes;essentially a crispy pancake stuffed inside an omelette... tasty with a touch of spice. All in all,very good with prompt service.Only complaint...tea was warm.
5	This place was great! Affordable prices, delicious food, friendly staff and a clean, nice restaurant, what more can you ask for?We ordered the Pork and shrimp soup dumplings (7 dumplings). This was my first time trying this, and it was great. There is a little bit of soup inside, but not so much that it is a goopy mess. One order of regular dumplings is 15 pieces, but for $1 more, you can try two, types (7 dumplings each)  so we ordered chicken and coriander dumplings and beef and onions. They were great. You can taste the fresh ingredients, no frozen dumplings here!We also got the crispy pancake which was also delicious. It is this egg, green onion, and herbs omelette stuffed with crispy sheets, which was great!Overall, this place was great, and I would definitely return :)
4	Two words: Soup dumplingsIn Chinese culture, dumplings are world in themselves. Having tried the steamed, fried and various dim-sum varieties I have been itching to try out the real soup dumplings of Shanghai for a while now. No, they are not dumplings in a soup, but rather soup inside of dumplings. The mystery is in the preparation, a mixture of meat, veggies and spices along with some fat are placed in the dumpling and closed up. Place the dumpling on hot steam, and the steam renders the fat into a delicious broth inside the dumpling. Whatever you do, don't bite into the dumpling straight away or else you're going to risk scalding your mouth. Rather, puncture a small hole and sip out the broth slowly and then eat the dumpling. I think this is the only place in Chinatown2 that makes the real thing. Go check it out and try it, you'll be hooked by the slurpy deliciousness.
3	I read somewhere that they served (xiaolongbao) soup dumplings here...I had been meaning to come here for weeks, but couldn't find a friend to come with. And then we finally made it.Soup dumplings are kind of an acquired taste I think. First time I had them, I thought it was nasty, but then the more I ate them the more a learned to like them. Honestly, they are kinda fussy to eat. They come in the bamboo tray steaming hot. You have to wait for them to cool a bit before you bite into them otherwise you might scald your tongue. But if you wait too long the soupy liquid inside starts to congeal and you lose that soupy texture that makes them unique.I usually put them in my spoon and poke a hole in it to let the soup seep out then douse it with black vinegar then eat it in two bites.At Mei restaurant, the vinegar is already on the table so you put the amount you want. One important thing I'm missing is usually the vinegar has slivers of ginger in it, which brings out a lot of flavor. But here there is no ginger, I didn't bother asking for any.I am rather disappointed with the soup dumplings here. The filling is not soupy enough for me, and the meat inside is just ok. I feel like there's something missing, but I can't describe it exactly, the wrapping is a bit thick to my liking, and the texture inside is off. When you pick it up with your chopstick it doesn't sag the way it's supposed to... maybe i'm just being snooty but I was looking for satisfaction and didn't find it.As far as I know there aren't any place in Mtl that make it well. I've had some at Kam Fung in brossard for dim sum and they were not good. The crispy chinese crepe was very crispy and tasty though, so at least that was a good find. We also ordered the regular dumplings which were 7-8$ for 15, they were amazing, as good as mai xiang yuan on St-Laurent, and cheaper.I would definitely come back for regular dumpling and crispy crepe, it's very good and so cheap :)
4	There's something about dumplings that I just cannot resist. Im not sure if it's their moist but slightly crispy outside (if you take them grilled) or the fact that they gently explode in your mouth while you savor them or even maybe because you can eat lot of them without feeling full (or guilty!). And when they are made with care and precision like in Mei restaurant its heaven on a plate. You can't go wrong if you go with pork, shrimp and leeks or beef curry, preferably grilled though the steamed one are still really good. However what Mei has that I also love is the diversity of other meals in their menu so you can taste other Chinese delicacies. Overall a must if you are a neophyte or an expert on dumplings.
1	Upon entering wondered why for such a casual place did we need reservations?The menu using many photos might suggest would be easy to navigate, not. There were several menu items that had no prices?We started with the special wonton soup (not) and the Seaweed and egg drop soup (reasonable), the portion size was small as were all the plates except the Curry Beef dumplings.Here's a question why were half of the Curry Beef dumplings sour and the other not? The beef in the dumplings must have been half fat was when bitten into a good spoonful of grease poured out.The homemade noodle with pork were contained both bean sprouts and shredded cucumber, so there was a puddle under the noodles which tasteless despite the addition of the chilly oil and soy sauce.Whether or not one is accustomed to these flavours is not so much the point as the lack of flavour. The red bean soup is meant to be dessert = sweet (not) even the rice flour dumplings in the soup had no sugar.In all the plates there was no use of salt or seasonings. The meal was a major letdown as were the scary dirty bathroom with an overhead fan that made so much noise it shook the fillings in your teeth.Two words - no value. Not going back there.For  1/2 to 1/3 the price a much more gratifying meal can be had in a handful in restaurants in Chinatown.
2	The service was abysmal. We waited an hour before getting seen by the waiter and then another 15 min after that for water in a dirty glass. The menu was poorly explained. I'm giving it an extra star as the food...when we actually received it...was quite delicious, but as there are a number of equally delicious dumpling places in the area, it is not worth the frustration.
3	There's a delivery fee which they never informed me when I made the order. I was short of cash so I checked the total price with a calculator to make sure I have enough cash, but it turns out there's a $3 delivery fee that I've not been informed of. I like the food but I'm disappointed at their service both inside the restaurant or delivery(it usually takes 1.5 hour for the food to arrive and as you can guess the food has almost entirely cooled down, which is never good for a Chinese meal). The service on site was a nightmare for me. Above all, the food is very good.
3	For a quiet night, the kitchen was moving rather slowly, you should go with good company so time goes by a little faster. We ordered the crispy pancake and 3 different sets of dumplings (lamb & cilantro, beef curry and pork & mushrooms). They were all delicious, but the beef curry dumpling really was excellent. It was too much for us to eat in one sitting so we decided to bring some home. My step-dad brought some with him for lunch and says that he found a hair in the one of the dumplings (a real bummer because I loved them). I`ll give them the benefit of the doubt and I will go back, there is no mention regarding hairs in food in the other reviews so I`ll take it as a one time thing.
4	We went on a Friday night and probably because it was on Dealfind it was quite busy with only one waitress. So it took a bit long before our orders were taken. However, food was served pretty fast.Most of the dishes look appealing and were pleasant. Flavour seems to have been adapted to more sweet than the true authentic but it shouldn't matter much to the customers. Price is higher than many Chinese restaurants of this type but it is justified by better decor, ambiance, and overall offerings.
3	The food is pretty good, not fantastic, but decent for a casual dinning restaurant. The menu is very hard to navigate. It's a large menu in no apparent order. It felt like it was just two different menus just bound together into one. I have been here a few times and each time I found all their waitresses were very nice. There is only one waitress working the entire restaurant so the service is slow, but they have a great attitude and are very polite.  Be prepared to wait for your food! Once I waited close to an hour to receive my first dish. Although the waitress apologized profusely for the wait time, that was still 2 hours of my evening wasted waiting for my order. I would suggest ordering takeout if you see that the restaurant looks busy. The dumplings don't taste as good with takeout as they tend to dry out a bit, but better than waiting an hour for your food.
1	Dumplings are way too greasy as is everything else. Nice selection of dishes but poorly made. Its a pity as the concept is interesting but the actual food too junky.
