2	Crappy cashier stood and stared at me instead of greeting me. Place was full of redneck-types and whatnot too. I only went here because we needed to stop by the post office before getting some food in the morning, and now I've learned my lesson.
2	I was at this location with my fiance and daughter earlier this month. We stood at the counter for about 10 minutes before a woman, who looks to have bee nthe manager or person in charge at the time came to the register. She was very professional and pretty nice. She was also very obviously in a little tiff with a fellow employee. I chalked it up to the manager trying to get the other employee in line. All we ordered was a chocolate shake, a jumbo jack and large soda. Just to get that, took longer than expected. I didn't mind the wait, because I understand its "fast food" not "instant food". Once we got our order I realized we weren't given a spoon/spork for my shake. I know not many people like/want a spoon/spork for their shake, but I like to have one, especially when they're thick. I went to the consession area first, because I didn't want to look like an... by asking for one and having them be right there. There were no spoon/sporks, no lids and very few straws and straw wrappers and soda spilled everywhere. I went to the counter and waited... and waited.... and waited (a total of 13 minutes from when I started timing it). I finally asked the woman who looked like the manager/person in charge for a sppon. She turned away to go get one and the woman she had been in a little tiff with earlier said "she don't need no spoon".... Well... 1. its doesn't matter what I need, its what I wanted and 2. If I didn't need/want one, why would I ask for it? I kept my mouth shut, but let her know with my actions that I heard her. She went on to complain about how I was just being an annoying B... Yeah, I appreciated that. NOT.
4	It is what it is... fast food... however this one is very clean and the woman behind the counter was extremely nice. The food was hot even by the time I got it home and it didn't look like Ronald McDonald puked it out! Tasted great... again... as far as fast food goes.
1	I ALWAYS come to Jack In The Box after a long night of partying.  Their greasy food is the perfect remedy to soak up the alcohol in your system and super convenient that their drive thru is open 24 hours a day. What really ticked me off about this place last night was the fact that I arrived there to find out that their cash register was updating and would take up to 10 minutes.  They told me to pull around the other side and they would let me know when it's done.  During this time, a bunch of car came by and was waiting as well.  No one came out to signal that they were up and running again.  I started out as the first car in line and ended up being the very last car in the drive thru that night.  It took almost 20 minutes to finally get my meal.  Boy was I ticked off!  Honestly, it probably won't stop me from continuing to get my fast food fix, but I just wanted to take the opportunity to rant about the overall experience.
1	Do not eat fast food unless you really cannot afford anything else.
1	I have always wanted to try this place we don't have any in Florida. My thoughts is jack can stay I the box. It only got a star cause you have to do something. The food was awful, nasty just no!!
5	The new Bacon Insider is DELICIOUS!!! I'm so shocked that this quality of sandwich is a quick drive up the road to my local JnB's!!! Who knew! I do and now I am able to enter Burger heaven any time I please. Too bad everything else in life can't be this simple.Oh yeah, the store was clean, I received my food in record time and the strawberry Fanta was very fizzy. What more can you expect from a JnB? Exactly...
1	Worst jack in the box I have ever been too. 1st there are a couple of transients that like to hang out at this location. The good all tasted nasty like they hadn't changed the oil in years. Also our order took about 15 minutes to get when inside and we only ordered about $12 bucks worth of food. I won't be going back to this location. Yuck
