4	We rarely eat at fast food places but when we do it is only at places that prove themselves to do a good job.  Popeye's may make it into that category.  KFC is no longer on our list due to a nasty aftertaste and unpredictable service.The people at Popeye's were laid back but nice and helpful.  The menu looks pretty good and the fact that you can get a po boy or catfish is super nice.   But for this being our first time we got chicken.Ordering was easy, the board was clean, new and easy to read.Everything was done excellently.   Moist inside, good flavor, not a greasy breading and no yucky aftertaste.The blackened ranch isn't anything spectacular.  The rice was nothing spectacular.Good prices.  I paid two dollars less for my chicken meal than I recently paid at a different restaurant for half the amount of food.It gets 4 stars for our first time and we will be back to try again.update... stopped by again and ordered a bucket of the spicy chicken.   Delicious.   Really great Louisiana flavor.  biscuits, mashed potatoes, beans with rice just average to good.  But the chicken is great.  Nice staff.Update...just read the ingredients for their chicken and it has MSG high on the list.  They also use a lot of artificial colorings.  Why?  Anyway, though the food is very good we can no longer purchase their chicken until they change their recipe to something more healthy.
4	I love Poyeye's!  More spicey and much more varity than a KFC.  Chicken, fish and shrimp - it's all good.
3	This place seems pretty grungy at first glance and it hasn't changed much since it was first opened it seems but the food seems quality at this particular location. The chicken seems well done or at least that your not gonna get sick from it and the biscuits are fantastic as usual... I would say the only qualm I have is the cleanliness of the place which doesn't seem great. both inside and out there is always trash all over the parking lot and the tables never seem cleaned inside. all in all, they are ok and i will return for the fried chicken!
3	This is the only Popeyes left standing in Madison. Because I stay in the Far East side now, I stopped coming here for a good 2 years. But now that work on the west side and like to go out for lunch, I get to enjoy their food.The renovations are awesome! The restaurant looks very refreshing on the inside. The menu now is displace yes in flat screens and they added more seating. The times I've gone in since the new changes,  whether is lunch or dinner, they've been extremely busy. Because of this, food is constantly being made fresh. It's not typically for me to get cold food. The actually quality if food has gone up. The food taste 100% better I must say. I only order the chicken strips since I do no eat chicken on the bone or with skin. There  have been times where my strips were very small where adding another piece for free wouldn't have hurt. Lastly, the GM is awesome. He's been there since day one and is very understanding. There have been times where I've been given dry chicken and if I call back and speak to him, he would say if we em return, we will receive fresh chicken. True to his word. They also cater for cheap which a lot of people may not know!I only give 4 & 5 stars to high end restaurants but they really se deserve a 4.
