5	At last, draft microbrews on tap in a changing, often seasonal, variety.  Along with first-class meal offerings from a limited but actually "curated" menu with locally sourced and often organic ingredients.  All this in Apache Junction.  The service couldn't be friendlier, although with the tiny kitchen you do need to be patient while your meal is being prepared.  Never had a bad meal, never had a bad brew.  Oh yeah, you can get Bud here but why would you want to?
5	This is some of the best food and beer that we've had bar none! (pun intended) And we've eaten/drank all over the world:). To top it off, there is a feeling of hospitality that I can only equate to the days of 'Cheers'. We have even been waited on by the cook who was absolutely delightful! Not that it's a bad place when she's not there...but if you go on a night Alec isn't there, you have to go back again and experience her sweet presence!I love that this place values good beer and healthy food! Lots of delicious vegetarian options (plus I've been told that the burgers are amazing)! This is always the first place we take out of town guests!THANK YOU HANDLEBAR FOR MAKING AJ PROUD!!!
5	Awesome! Burger was great! Green chili burger! Sides were feta asparagus and Brussels sprouts....coming back tomorrow for brunch! If I'm ever in Apache Junction again, this will definitely be a stop! This place knows how to cook beef and I'm from South Dakota! Great staff! Great atmosphere! Patio seating!
4	Great food and excellent selection of beer. Pastrami Panini as well as Southwest Panini are awesome choices. You can fill your Growlers here too!!!  Will definitely come back for another experience. Only issue we had was Saturday afternoon was very busy and only 1 person was serving bar, patio and inside tables.  Although bartender was doing best possible, at times we waited up to 15 minutes to get drinks. Advice: get a server (regardless of time of day) for patrons at tables and let the bartender stay behind the bar to serve patrons seated at bar and pour all drink orders. If they don't add a server, just be patient and don't be in a rush when u come in for this experience.
