4	Im nooooo fan of the dental arts..but you have to do what you have to do, sometimes..you know? Get your pearlies clean.. THANK god I have good genes and teeth... okay maybe, good teeth... but you get me, I know! Dr. Ito is wonderful...he liked my car..& kept talking about it...I had to laugh, bc I kept thinking how did he know what I drove...but heres the thing...a good Dr. will direct your attention elsewhere if your fearful..and Im a nervous wreck at the dentist office. He jokes and makes the experience personal.. The assistants and hygenist are wonderful... they have headphones and little tv's attached to your dental chair to watch ..and for me...I just need something to take the chisel sound away... or the suction..I dont like chisels or suction noises in my mouth! I get my teeth whitened here too... I drive out of my way to get over there to go to Dr. Ito & his staff...
5	Dr. Ito and all of his staff are the best. They are very sincere caring people. They never try to make me pay for any extras, I had a root canal done and was terrified, but they made me comfortable, the procedure was painless. I was in really bad pain from putting it off then one day it was unbearable and I got in the next day for it. I just went in today for a cleaning and I've been going here for 2 years now and said "I should review them as much as I like them." Dr. Ito is very well rounded man and has great taste in music as well.
5	Agree with the other comments.. excellet service at great price for a 1st time visiter $75. Every one was very friendly and professional, Jeniffer was very skilled and detailed with the whole cleaning procedure. Highly recommend this place to anyone whos looking for quality service at affordable price, will be back again. Thanks
5	I am so not a fan of the dentist.  But Dr. Ito and his staff changed that.  Professional, yet relaxed attitudes.  From the moment you book the appointment to the time you leave you feel like are well cared for and that you aren't just a number or a dollar sign.While in the waiting area I flipped through Dr. Ito's "Smile" book that shows some of his work.  WOW!  He makes teeth look real, not like Chiclets.  He does some fabulous cosmetic work!  I went in to have a crown put on and it was quick and painless. So quick that I didn't get to finish watching the movie!   Each chair has headphones and a flat screen that shows a movie (he keeps a good stock of the latest movies.).  Who'd have thought that going to the dentist would keep me so entertained?I've had to bring my son to each appointment as I haven't had anyone to keep him.  Does that matter? Nope.  Dr. Ito's office is equipped with a children's area in the back where the kids can watch a movie, read a book or play a game.  He thinks of everything.I have been recommending him to everyone I meet.  I can't say enough good things about Dr. Ito and his staff.  You won't regret going to the dentist if Sonoran Hills Dental is your new dental office.
5	Definitely recommend.
5	I really hate going to the dentist but Dr. Ito makes it as enjoyable as possible.  He is professional, always runs on time and never rushes you if you have questions.  His staff is amazing!  I have very sensitive teeth and they never hurt me.  He has TV screens with a full selection of the latest movies and headphones to distract you from the cleaning.  When you have an emergency they get you in the same day and if you need a referral they will call the other Dr. to make sure you get seen immediately.  By far the best dental office in the Valley!
5	I felt that Dr. Ito and his staff where very nice and professional.  I also liked the fact that they were honest with me - and did not try to sell me services I did not really need.  Also - the wait time wasn't much.
5	Wow I am truly impressed by not only Dr. Itos  knowledge, but also that of the dental assistants as well; I've never heard anything good about a root canal but I guess I'll be the first to say it wasn't bad. The superb service and hospitality completely supersedes the procedure itself.
4	The staff at Sonoran Hills Dental were amazing. They make the experience as stress free as possible and walked me through every step of the way. I would recommend this clinic to anyone who has anxiety about going to the dentist.
5	Very professional and won't recommend a bunch of treatments/procedures you don't need.  Appoint scheduling is easy and flexible.  There is a reason I tried going elsewhere and came back!  I now drive all the way over from Gilbert, but worth the drive.
5	Dr. Ito is extremely competent and engaging.  He is also very realistic about problems, and when I needed to transfer to him after a bad experience with my previous dentist, he was very reasonable in his charges.  He does a really great job and is very likable.
5	I have been going here for the past 3 years. I love Dr. Ito and his staff! Everyone is so friendly and Dr. Ito is hilarious!! I never feel like they do work on my teeth if it is not necessary. Michelle the receptionist is the nicest person ever and will always walk through the steps with me of the payments or work that I need to get done. She is always so patient and accommodating! I would recommend anyone to go see Dr. Ito!
5	From Dr. Ito to Jennifer, Michelle and the rest of the staff what a wonderful place to get your teeth checked, cleaned, x-rayed, etc...  The personal DVD players at each station are a nice touch especially for the kids as it takes your mind away from having your teeth cleaned.  The location is perfect from any place in town as it directly off of the I-10 and Chandler Blvd... I drive from East Phoenix!
4	Friendly and efficient staff, great hygienist and dentist!  Went in off of yelp reviews and they exceeded my expectations. Pleasant experience (not an easy task for a dental office)!
5	Dr Ito and his staff are the absolute BEST!!!  When you have a problem they will get you in quickly, and Dr Ito is very experienced and knows how to make it all as pain free as possible.
5	Dr. Ito is awesome!! This wonderful dental practice won't scam you and push you into procedures you don't actually need. The front desk staff is welcoming and personable, often chatting with you while you wait, and it is a really calm, easy going experience in the exam rooms!
