4	Women's Specialty Care is like a franchise medical center.  They have offices all over the Valley, and it shows.  The wait times are long, and out of all of the staff I could count on one hand the number that were actually personable.  The way the offices are run seems very unorganized or have a lack of communication somewhere.  My doctor switched offices numerous times - from Mountain View to Summerlin.  Then from one building to the other.  I don't really mind the switch, but I wasn't informed of the first switch until I called to confirm my appointment.  The second switch I was not informed at all until I walked up to the building and saw a sign on the door saying "We've moved!"  My OB is great, which is the only reason I gave it 4 stars.  Dr. John Kelley was great.  I didn't really like having a male doctor at first, but he not only reassured me and my boyfriend, he made me laugh, and he answered all my questions.  His nurse was so caring and an absolute sweetheart.  While I would wait for Dr. Kelley in the exam room, she would talk to me and help pass time.  When it came time for me to deliver my son, he was not on call that night, but woke up at 2AM to come all the way to the hospital and deliver my son.  He also came before his office hours two days later to sign dismissal papers instead of making us wait.
3	The doctor and nurse staff are friendly and professional. I like that they do the lab and sonogram work in office so i don't have to drive around town. The downside was they slapped me with a $1000 bill at the end of my pregnancy. It was supposed to be paid by the 28th week and the manager didn't advise me till the 32nd, mind you Ive been going there since i was 8 weeks. Every other patient had the luxury of paying the bill in increments, while i had to pay it all at once or the doctor wont deliver my baby. I guess they arnt aware of the sucky economy out there, most people would not be able to pull that much money out of their ass! Luckily i could afford it. I have been planning this pregnancy and everything that goes with it, it would have been nice to plan for that bill too! On top off it she had a pissy attitude about the payment like i was a deadbeat! F@#$ you C#$@ its not my fault you failed to do your job!
2	I had one appointment with Dr. Harter while I was baby doctor shopping after moving here from Boston. Moving from Boston, where ALL my my doctors, in every single discipline, had an ivy league education and were board certified to Las Vegas, where, well, that is sooo far from the case, proved to be a little challenging to find quality care. Dr. Harter seems to have found his niche as Vegas' "natural doctor" because he's the only one in the valley that does VBACs and water births. It's nice that he is supportive of this, but I got the impression that he is just in this field because it's probably pretty lucrative being the only one. I'm really passionate about natural birth and I asked him a ton of questions, like will baby and mom be left undisturbed for an hour after birth; what is the backup plan should Dr. Harter be attending another birth; how supportive is the hospital of breastfeeding; and the answers were just not really satisfactory by my standards. Dr. Harter's procedures were also not only not consistent with natural-minded patients, but not really good practice for ANY OB. At the first appointment, he gave me a sheet of "okay medications." When you're pregnant, there's no such thing as universally "okay medications!" And, there were medications on the sheet that have recently been linked to a three times increase in miscarriage (according to an article on CNN). So not okay! Not to mention, handing a sheet that says "if you have a headache, take this"; "if you have a stomach ache, take this"; means that he does not take the time to personally consult over what could be serious symptoms. My OB in Boston (who has her medical degree from Yale) advised me not to take ANY medications without checking with her first. Dr. Harter also wheeled in an ultrasound machine, even though there was no indication whatsoever to do an ultrasound. The AAP, and the ACOG recommend against non-medically indicated ultrasounds, as there have been some studies pointing to possible harm of too many ultrasounds. Just the doppler is fine! But, a doctor can bill more to insurance for doing an ultrasound! Aside from my experience with the doctor himself, the office staff was terrible! It took me over a month to get an appointment! They refused to book an appointment until I sent over my records from Boston, which I sent promptly, and they then LOST. Yes, they lost my medical records. So, I sent them again, and they never called me; I called them 2.5 weeks later. The office really felt like a cattle call as well. There were sooo many people in the waiting room, and we waited for 2.5 hours!! Dr. Harter was attending a birth and didn't reschedule me or any of his other patients during this time (but hey, why lose the billable visits?). And, as much as I was not at all happy about the crazy unreasonable wait, I would really hate to be that poor woman giving birth with a doctor attending that knew in the back of his head that he had to get back as quickly as possible to see a rapidly growing list of waiting patients that he didn't reschedule. But as awful as this sounds given all of the negatives above, if I HAD to have a doctor in Las Vegas, I would likely go with him, given the extremely slim pickings here and his at least openness to a natural approach (and he's board certified - again hard to find around here). But luckily, I found a fantastic midwife that I'm really really comfortable with.
1	I have never waited less then 45 minutes when I go to see my gynecologist. The front desk staff is very cold and unwelcoming. I always have trouble reaching my doctor on the telephone and never get prompt return calls. The lobby area to wait to be called is always so packed sometimes there aren't even enough chairs. Save yourself a huge headache and your time and go somewhere else !!
4	While I am waiting for my appointment, I am drafting my review. Luckily I came early because I went to the wrong building initially. They are now located behind the hospital in a building closer to Banburry Cross. Parking is definitely better on this side and seems safer because the walkway is less exposed. The young lady at the check in counter was very friendly and helpful because she helped me research the nearest location for a quest diagnostic lab, which it's actually at the first building I went to.I really like my doctor, Dr. Sanatinia, because she is efficient, knowledgeable, and has good interpersonal skills. I like my Drs to be fast, friendly, and knows their stuff, like all services and businesses should be.The thing that I hate most is waiting to be called in and then to be seen by the doctor. There was no wait here to get in an exam room and about five minutes for the doctor to come in. I would come back to this location if it weren't so far. I'm only here because it was the first available appointment earlier in the morning. The other location is near rainbow and russell, which is closer to where I live.
2	I've always had at least a 1/2 hour wait everytime I go.  I can't stand places that don't respect your time and make you wait when you have an appointment.  The last time I was there the doctor forgot about my appointment and then lied about it...and she was over an hour late.  I am in the process of changing doctors now.  At the moment, I'm with Dr. Sanatinia but I will not be going to her much longer.  Most of the time I feel like she's rushed but what drives me nuts is how she talks about organic food everytime I'm there!  When I have gynocological questions, she kinda brushes me off and then steers the conversation back to organic eating.  It drives me crazy, I'm not there to see a dietician....
2	I had a pap done recently and I wasn't very pleased with them. I waited maybe 30-45 mins past my appt time. The staff weren't very friendly, and I don't even remember my doctors name- she was kinda nice, but i felt as if she was rushed... I kept asking questions, she'd answer but she just seemed like she just couldn't wait to get out of there to attend to another patient. So needless to say, I dont plan on going back.
1	Worse staff EVER. The wait was long and once I got in there after being in tons of pain. They sent me away because they did have my medical records on hand to do the surgery I needed. Then after wasting my time and days off work The check out took 30 mins .I should have just walked out they are so unorganized they would not have even known.Do not go here,
1	Bad experience with this office.  Only one staff member that I encountered was helpful and friendly and that was the lady from Chicago at the front desk when I checked in.  The doctor's assistant (Dr. Brill) is the worst MA I have ever encountered in a doc's office.  She will not listen and gets everything wrong causing headaches trying to straighten things out.  Went for a pap and am told that it needs to be redone - 2 weeks later - their fault.  Also when I requested insurance approval for a med that the doc prescribed, this MA refused to do the paperwork - and two weeks later I still cannot get the prescription filled.  My insurance company had to fax paperwork twice for med approval and she still refuses.  She will not listen to what needs to be done and when it is explained to her, she does not hear it, but cries out that people are yelling at her.  A real problem.  When I tried to straighten it out, I spoke with someone in the office that told me she would have the office manager return my call.  Never did.  Really bad customer service.Needless to say I am looking for a new gyn.  Don't go here unless you are desperate.
5	I chose Dr. Harter after a friend highly recommended him. I absolutely love Dr. Harter! He believes in giving you, the patient all the options as far as child birth and laboring and lets you make the decision, without being judgemental or giving his opinion unless you ask. This is very rare to find these days as many doctors are strictly against a scheduled c-section or certain times to induce. Dr. Harter is very knowledgable and a skilled Doctor! I have to have a c-section(unplanned) and because of his techniques (not cutting through the muscle) I had a faster recovery time (spent 1.5 days in the hospital) and a much easier recovery. Dr. Harter has a demeanor that puts you at ease. I would always go in with a bunch of questions and frantic for answers and he always gave me great answers and advice to help me through my first pregnancy. As for the lady from Boston who commented about how he seemed to be a Doctor because it was lucrative, when we were in the hospital I labored for 26 hours and my sons heart rate would randomly drop and was cause for concern. Dr. Harter would come by to check on me and he informed me I should not worry, even if he was not here because he had an app that tracked my babies heart rate and he was able to view it on his phone at all times. Now, I don't know of any other doctor that would go to those lengths to ensure their patients safety and care. A doctor who was just worried about the paycheck would not go to these lenghts.Most doctors clock out and forget about the hospital during off hours. As for the many comments about how packed the waiting room always is and how uncaring the staff is- I would rather my doctor's waiting room be packed then empty, think about it! And you are not there to see the staff, the staff does not deliver your baby or treat you, they mark you in , that's it! Who really cares if they don"t seem caring enough, afterall you try dealing with crazy hormonal pregnant ladies alllll day! We will definately be using Dr. Harter to deliver all of our babies! There is no one else in this town I would trust more with such a precious gift!
1	I have gone to Women's Specialty care under Dr. Kelly for two years. Overall the staff has always been very unfriendly, even cold at times. But just this year they pulled some major shinanaghins on me that have caused me to leave them for good. First off I recieved a bill for a Wet Prep (which basically is a Pap), when I didn't get one. I had a urine sample- which I never got billed for until I went back to them for a check up and was told that because of my 'outstanding' bill I couldn't be seen, unless I fixed it right then. When the front desk lady told me this I was confused and informed her of the Wet Prep bill I was recieving- I told her that it must have been a mistake and that they possibly could have given me the wrong bill. She tapped on her computer and snapped- yes, SNAPPED that they had no such Wet Prep down for me.No, really? That's why I'm saying it must be a mistake. Well the Wet Prep bill was not resolved right then, because no one, NO ONE would listen to me for more than a second before asking "Can you pay this urine smaple bill?" and totally ignoring the reason why I hadn't paid it yet- BECAUSE I AM GETTING THE WRONG BILL!For two months I called, left messages and sent emails but no one ever called me back or even tried to help me. I had to call LabCorp (who was trying to bill me for the Wet prep) they told me they themselves could not help me, that the doctor who requested the test/sample had to stop the request and then called the manager- yes, the manager. Of course at that point I was contacted- daily, and told that they magically found some doctor notes that said I had a sample taken for testing.I would remember her going up my U-ha and taking a sample. They were rude, they talked down to me like I was some child, they threatened- saying basically if I continued down the line to a lawyer that because the doctor had NOTES that anyone would side with them. Worst place ever, save yourself a headache and don't ever come here.
5	I have been going to their new office in Centennial Hills area.  I am very pleased with Dr. Harter! I had two losses last year (at their old location) and he even hugged my husband and I during those tough times. The nurses called to check on me and I called them often asking a bazillion questions. I know that he is a busy doctor but he is completely worth any wait time. I am very blessed to have found a dr who supports natural births and even a water birth! The staff have always been friendly and welcoming to me. The staff gives my 4 yr old son lollipops and talk to him when he visits them at their desk. I am very happy that I chose WSC! My baby girl is not due til June but I am so excited and positive about delivering her with Dr. Harter. They also scheduled my future appointments up until my due date so I can schedule them off for work! I know there would be so many other women who would post positive things on here!
5	Dr. Harter is a wonderful doctor, and I adore him. He has a wonderful bedside manner,is very open to natural birth, and is VBAC friendly. He obviously believes in evidence based medicine instead of scare tactics utilized by countless OB's. That being said, he is a BUSY man, and it's hard to see him unless you're preggers. For my annual visit I usually see an APN. I saw Maryann Cope recently, and she is so sweet. She doesn't rush you, she lets you ask a million questions and is very attentive. 5 star service all the way! :) P.S. I know a lot of people complain about wait times here, but at my most recent visit, I waited less than 20 minutes!
1	They sent me to do hsg with incomplete  referral. I took prescriabed antibiotics, pain killers, and went to Steinbergs diagnostic for preseeger to learn that they can't do it because they don't know what to do. When front desk lady tried to call them, every one was at lunch with no estimated time of return. I can't believe I just drugged myself for nothing. I cancelled all my future appointments immediately. I am taking my health and their business somewhere else.
5	This is located behind the summerlin hospital. The group of doctors are outstanding staff and nurses are wonderful. The office staff is friendly and accommodating. Nurse Sandra and Dr. John Kelley are the best! I never wait longer than 15-20 mins to called back. If Dr. Kelley is out on a delivery the office staff will notify you and ask I'd you would like to reschedule, wait for him, or see another doctor in the office. This happened to me once and saw Dr. Duhbai. She was awesome too! I will contour seeing Dr. Kelley for yearly paps. He deliveries my daughter in May and met all my crazy needs. He was very supportive of my decisions and continues that attitude!
5	I can not say enough about this office, absolutely on point. The front desk is proficient, friendly and wonderful, the nurses are extremely caring and explain everything and above all my Doctor Dr. Wrightson is a gem. It is no secret that quality medical is hard to come by in Las Vegas, I found a doctor and an office that is 100% and I am thrilled.I definitely recommend Women's Specialty Care.
5	I have been seeing Dr. Brill for about 6 1/2 years now, I couldn't have found a better OB/GYN.I absolutely love him! Very knowledgeable and always takes the time to answer any questions I may have or concerns.He really looks out for your best interest. Gives his honest opinion.He delivered both my baby boys and also circumcised one of them. The staff here has always been very friendly and polite. I always refer my expecting friends here. No complaints from them either.
1	WONT EVER GO HERE EVER AGAIN! I'm not sure why i keep going back to this office, but my last appointment was my last straw. I had an appointment, and still had to wait almost 2 hours to be seen by DR. MARYANN COPE, who was clearly rushing me along, and kind of semi-answered any questioned i had, but seemed like she had other patients she need to go attend, which is fine but when you have me pay AHEAD before my appointment (so unprofessional by the way)  and make me wait too long then no, I'm not pleased. There stay wasn't anything special about the staff, Ive been going here for 5 years unfortunately, and they treat you like you're at the DMV.Also i later got a bill, and never got any results from my pap..never had gotten them the year before..been getting the run around this time around...yet i of coarse still have to pay.I talked to DR COPE  about getting on a cheaper birth control, so she prescribed me a different kind, went to the pharmacy, not only did they not have anything called in from the doctors office, i called the office and they never gave me a written prescription either and so they called it in, no problem, i go pick up the birth control it jumped from $70 to $109!!! So i called the doctors office to see if they can switch my prescription to  a generic brand that will be $30... and i of coarse haven't heard anything back and will have to hop through hoops once more..needless to say FIND ANOTHER PLACE!
