4	One of the better Vietnamese places in the West Island (definitely not the Che Lien kind). The food here is good, tasty and fresh. Once again if you can't go to the hood this is a pretty good second choice. Have been going her for over five years, family run business so food is always good. Go ahead spoil yourself, you may just like the subtle flavors of the east.
1	Run! Run away as fast as you can!! Wow! One of the worst foods I've ever had. Really. It was so bad, I couldn't eat it. After a few bites, I paid the bill and left the restaurant hungry. I've had many mediocre Asian meals since I've moved to Montreal from L.A., but this, by far was the worst food I've ever had in my life. The server truly has no heart in this job. I ordered imperial rolls appetizer. I had to ask for chop sticks- I'm Asian...I'm like, dude, what Asian in right frame of mind would eat Vietnamese food with fork and spoon????The imperial rolls were greasy and bland. All you can taste was cabbage. I also asked the server if they had pho. He pointed out at some chicken noodle soup so I thought I would give it a try.(in their defense, it did not say pho, but he didn't tell me that wasn't pho, he just said that was it) When I got it, it was definitely NOT pho, but some bland noodle soup with cheap cooked chicken, broccoli, cauliflower, cabbage and carrots thrown on top. The taste? What taste? It had no flavor. Did they forget to put MSG or whatever they use to flavor the soup? I don't even know what that was but definitely not pho, and even if it wasn't, it had absolutely no flavor to it. I don't understand how anyone can eat here and think its remotely close to being authentic. I'm sure the owners are enjoying cheating & making money off of people who has no clue what Vietnamese food is supposed to taste like. This place is a scam! How can they feed such bad food and call it a business? People need to stop giving money away to business like this. If you got money to waste on Ahn-Tai, give it to charity!!
1	Food was really not good - definitely not authentic.  "Vietnamese coffee" was horrible (very bland - don't believe it was made properly using the filter).  The "soup meal" was so bad...broccoli & cauliflower??  Would definitely NEVER go back - stay away!  Would rather eat at Tim Hortons!
1	It's a shame. It's really a shame that the first Yelp review that I felt that I must absolutely, indubitably, without question write to share with the world would be because of how incredibly bad a restaurant's food is.I was not really bothered by the lack of chopsticks (something fellow reviewer Tomomi points out) at the table right off despite being Asian myself. I was more bothered by the lack of pretty much anything at the tables. It's a vietnamese restaurant! Where are the condiments?? They do serve pho there (which I had the misfortunate of trying... more on that very soon), so I was surprised that there was nothing to add some flavour to them with except for a little salt and pepper! No spicy sauce, none of that sweet black sauce I simply adore (I believe it's called hoisin sauce), nothing. Boy, I found out very soon that maybe it was because they wouldn't have made much of a difference when I got my main course.The first item I got are spring rolls. They were largely unmemorable for the most part. What stood out to me were the added chicken slices in there, something I've never eaten in spring rolls. Now, I do not claim to know or care about things like what exactly spring rolls should contain to be "authentic" and all that jazz. In fact, I've had spring rolls with pork before at another viet restaurant, and they're one of my favourite items from that restaurant because of how amazingly well put-together they are in terms of flavour. What bugged me about these spring rolls was that the chicken slices were blaaaaaand. Furthermore, there was something in their quality that was off-putting. It's kind of hard to explain; it's like it was lower than let's say, supermarket standards, you know what I mean?Then came the pho. Oh my goodness I have never squandered money on anything more wasteful than that pho. Instead of the noodles simmering in aromatic beef broth surrounded by delicious, tender cuts of meat, I got a very confusing assortment of random vegetable toppings literally just boiled in water. I thought to myself, "What is all this??" Cauliflower? Broccoli?? Do you want to know the best part? The mystery chicken slices have made their appearance once again. Their bland flavour was even more accentuated by the plain boiled water they were sitting in surrounded the unseasoned everything else. I took a quick glance to my left for anything, anything at all that could act as a saving grace. Nope, just the little salt and pepper shakers.I was so floored by what was going on that I tried to convince myself that it wasn't so bad. I even insisted to my mother that I would eat it. In the end, I could only bear taking a couple more bites before giving up. I left hungry and ten bucks poorer.So, in summary (in case you didn't want to read my entire review), do NOT go to this place. Just don't.
1	Another unfortunate lunch experience! I just don't understand how on earth could they continue to be in business?  I had the brochette of beef, which comes with an imperial roll and some salad. There was no flavour whatsoever in the beef, and tough! I could have soled a shoe with it!! The fish sauce fell short as well Their soup is also forgettable.  The fried banana was the only edible thing we had. Take note, don't waste your money here.
