3	Mongolian barbecue merriment abounds at Khublai Khan's. You play the key role in preparing your food, choosing from their infamous selection of meats, some of which are "culled from South African safari parks", so in many senses you can be the author of your own culinary misfortune. Overall, we said: "I think that Khublai Khan's is fun and different, and for a large group for, say, a birthday (where the birthday boy/girl gets to sit in a throne and wear a crown), it would be loads of fun, but I found it to be much like the ones I went to in the States, lovely, but not on my general list of places I will pop into on a regular night."
4	Visited this place on Friday for dinner, the place seemed a little quiet at first but it soon got busier as the night went on.  It was quite a new way of dining for me: experimentational eating!  You pick the starters and desserts from the pre-planned menu, but the main course(s) are constructed by yourself!  I chose Smoked Mackerel Pate and my fellow diner chose Kangaroo Haggis for starters.  Both were a tasty introduction for things to come.  I should warn you, this place isn't for the faint hearted, if you're not prepared to try new things, then stay clear!  I, however always like to try things at least once before I reserve judgement.  As say this because there is a wide range of unusual meats on offer, like camel, ostrich, wild boar, kangaroo, zebra, crocodile etc (although when we went there was no crocodile on the menu, due it only being served when they are killed for it's skin)!  They do still have the usual meats, chicken etc on offer for the less experimental.Anyway, for the main course you are invited to choose from a selection of noodles or rice, a variety of veg, spices, sauces and meats/seafood.  You mount these up in a wee bowl yourself.  I became quite cunning in stacking the veg round the edge to create a deeper bowl and load more food in!  :P You then pass it on to a friendly chef, who cooks it on a Mongolian barbecue in front of you. I enjoyed this element of having fun with your food. The only draw back would be is that because you are creating your own dish and own mix of food that you have no one to blame but yourself if it tastes bad!  We shared Golden Syrup and Orange Pudding and Mars Bar Cheese Cake for dessert.  The pudding was light and yummy but the cheese cake was just to rich and sweet for me.  All in all it was a fun dining experience, although I advise you not to pile all the different meats into one bowl (to try them all) as you then never know what you are actually eating after it's been cooked!  ps. Take an extra layer with you too, I found it a little cold in there.
