4	I love Fatburger because if the options provided. Not in the mood for a huge burger? That's ok, you can get a baby Fatburger, it's just big enough. Trying to eat healthy? Fatburger offers chicken sandwiches, salads and turkey burgers. My favorite thing at Fatburger is the fries though. I always get Fat Fries which are steak cut fries. I love that Fatburger makes their fries without salt, no sodium overload here! My husband wanted Fatburger the other day for dinner and this location (inside the Fiesta Henderson Casino) is the closest to our house. I wasn't thrilled about going to a casino to pick up dinner but the people working at this Fatburger did their job quickly enough to get me in and out in about 10 minutes with everything made just how I wanted it... The Maui-Banana Shake is amazing.
3	So after a little time spent in the pool, we went up to our room, showered and had to decide what we wanted to eat. I have Subway all the time and was in the mood for something else. My girlfriend, her cousin and I went with Fatburger. They both got burgers, I was feeling chicken so I got myself a spicy chicken sandwich and got some fat fries for a side.After having my chicken sandwich, I was wishing I had the burger. It was your standard chicken sandwich. Not spicy, more peppery. The only heat it had was in it's temperature. The chicken was steamy inside the outside crispy layer. Took a little bit of time before I could eat it without burning my mouth.  It was a tasty chicken sandwich, but the burgers looked so much better.I have had Fatburger in the past, but it's at least 8 years since my last one. Maybe I'll grab one on another night. I'll be staying in the Fiesta for the next week.
4	Love coming here for the veggie burger on my lunch break. Larger than your typical veggie burger, so it works out great on those days I have a huge appetite. I am also a big fan of their fries, skinny style or fat style!
3	This was my first expeience with Fatburger. I had always wanted to try it (most because of IceCube. . ) anyway i ordered mine without the sauce and tomatoes. The meat was really good, great flavor, cooked well. On the greasy side but hey! you knew what you were getting into when you ordered at "FAT burger" lets be honest.I loved it. But I know this is an occasional type place. This location is inside the casino so it was either here or Subway. If you havnet had it. try it. and get the sauce on the side so you can try it but you arent stuck with it. i wasnt a fan myself but you might be. .
5	I love the burgers and fries!! I think they are better than five guys
3	Oh Fatburger, I just don't know where we stand.  You are tasty and fresh but just too freakin expensive in my opinion.You pick the size of your burger (I always get the smallest which is pretty much on average with other burger joints)  You can choose to make it a combo with either or skinny fries and a medium soda which comes to a little over $11. Not worth it for fast food in my opinion.  HOWEVER - their shakes are fabulous.  They have a maui banana one at the moment which is delicious - none of that artificial banana taste that I can't stand.  I love it!
5	i came here every day for lunch and or dinner.  no burger joint in America Competes with this place.  i have moved 10 states and 87 moves.  this is the best of the best.
3	* Go to IN & OUT BURGER *Nothing said WOW to me. Tasty but the roll broke apart like cheap wonderbread and a little overpriced. I won't be back, sorry Mr Fatburger
3	Great burgers, amazing fries, horrible service. Plain and simple. Management should take note of this, as well.
1	Horrible customer service. I went to the counter and waited 5 mins. The cook or cashier saw me standing there and never acknowledge me. He could have said "I'll be right with you" but said nothing.  I continued to stand there and was never helped. I just left. Seriously needs better staff. Unacceptable
5	Nice lady working there waiting for a person arrival that needs to start her shift so she can leave had a swell chat. Now lets taste this late night second dinner it was great the bun and the beef were cooked to perfection for the quality of a late night dinner would come back
