1	I been waiting for this place to open for 4 months, and I am severely disappointed. The service was terrible, we waited 45 minutes and never got our food, but noticed people who ordered the same thing get theirs(sounds like the order process needs some work) I asked for a refund and the manager didn't apologize and didn't say anything, but to add insult to injury the manager charged us for the drinks!!!!(sounds like the manager needs to learn some customer service 101) On the way out I overheard people talking that they been waiting 15 minutes for 1/2 a sandwich and some people got the wrong order but didn't complain because they been waiting long as well and were just hungry. Please  Mind you that this place wasn't that busy. I plan on never eating here again.
3	I have been excited for the Grand Opening... sort of a let down. Good thing I was in a who cares attitude today. First a little history... These meat heads started the whole chain and franchised out. They still own Peoria and Phoenix but have either sold or franchised out the rest. The place was busy and there were plenty of people working. Most had no idea what they were doing. LOL I browsed the menu and decided that the kids meal would suffice for lunch. (Since there are no lunch specials) I ask the order taker if the kids meal come with a meatball, she said YES but then asked if I wanted a drink, which it come with it. I KNEW there was not going to be a meatball. The little dude with an earring and Michael Jordan shorts on said to me... Is it for a kid? I said Yes, I am a big kid. He said to no longer order from the kids menu without it being for a child. Then proceeded to tell the order taker never let it happen again. LOL AZZThe same dude made it a point to serve me the food. It was a perfect lunch size portion of spag with meat sauce NO Meatball and two of the best garlic rolls/knots whatever I have had in a long time.  The sauce was good but it got a little watered down by the pasta not being drained enough. I see quality is not a high point here. The other plates looked great and I look forward to trying something else off  the kids menu.
1	I been waiting for this place to open for 4 months, and I am severely disappointed. The service was terrible, we waited 45 minutes and never got our food, but noticed people who ordered the same thing get theirs(sounds like the order process needs some work) I asked for a refund and the manager didn't apologize and didn't say anything, but to add insult to injury the manager charged us for the drinks!!!!(sounds like the manager needs to learn some customer service 101) On the way out I overheard people talking that they been waiting 15 minutes for 1/2 a sandwich and some people got the wrong order but didn't complain because they been waiting long as well and were just hungry. Please Mind you that this place wasn't that busy. I will never eat here again.
3	I've eaten here twice, and this is good but not great.  I still have trouble with spending more than 10 bucks for lunch, but that is the deal here in my experience.First visit I had the signature meatball parmesan sandwich, the full size, and I would give that a 4 out of five.  Meatballs were very good - not dried out - and the marinara was very tasty.  Bread was also good if not spectacular (try Z's next door for amazing bread).  However, orders were being mishandled at the tables all around me, and for $10, I expect more than a sandwich and a drink.  No side of pasta or salad.Second visit I went for the lunch special - half a sandwich and a salad.  Half a sandwich is SMALL!  I felt righteous on departure, but far from full.  Salad was OK, but nothing to write home about.  Seemed like orders were being handled more smoothly, so maybe the shake down cruise was over.Food is served on interesting square plates which are quite nice.  The dining area is very crowded and it is a squeeze to get to the drink station - it is pour your own here.  Again, for $10, I think I could eat elsewhere and have table service.Meh.
3	We tried this place for dinner last night (take out).  It was good, not great - I would eat there again when I needed easy takeout.   I ordered manicotti and thought the meatball that came with it was very good and I think next time I would try a meatball sandwich.   I love it when a restaurant has good rolls or bread to go along with your meal and I didn't care for the rolls (bread was tastless and too much seasoning on top).Prices were good and portions were reasonable sized instead of all those ridiculously large portions you get at some restaurants.
4	I can dig!  Food here is very good.  I believe everything here is made from scratch the soup to the sauce cause they taste wonderful.  I go for lunch every now and then and I've seen this place slowly pickup business.  It has that deli-sport restaurant feel, but the food brings it home.  I appreciate the usage of real plates instead of paper or styrofoam plates -- very environmental friendly!  I would definitely recommend this place for lunch - 1/2 sand, their pastafagioli soup = Yum! & drink.
4	After having lunch with a friend at Meatballz and liking the food and service, I decided to go with them for catering our son's one year birthday party. I came in and ordered food with the owner a few days out and he was very nice and easy to work with. I ordered tortellini with Alfredo sauce, cheese ravioli, lasagna and meatballs. Salad and bread comes with orders. When I came to pick it up on Saturday, the manager was also friendly and said that everything just got out of the oven. He helped me bring it to the car and even gave us an extra container of meat sauce. The car smelled like heaven as I drove home. The food was well accepted at the party. People loved the meatballs and I was really loving the lasagna. The salad had chopped tomatoes, onions, olives and cucumbers in it and there was a homemade creamy Italian dressing for it on the side. I highly suggest them for catering a party. Pasta is always a hit and if you have leftovers, they always taste great the next day.
5	I get the Italian beef sandwich with aus jus. This is a serious sandwich and very filling. It doesn't come with chips or slaw or fries. It doesn't need anything on the side. Other than a couple of locally made cheese-steak sandwiches, this is the finest hot sandwich in town in my opinion. BONUS: Sometimes, if your'e lucky, they will cook up some fresh zeppoles and walk around the dining room passing them out to each customer.
2	I'm pretty easy to please when it comes to Italian.Went here twice.  Meatball sub one time, pasta the other.  Neither was very good.Prices are nothing special, either.
3	A little pricey but may check out the catering menu for next party.
