5	The roomiest Starbucks in the Las Vegas area.  Its in a new free standing building across from the old Starbucks!  Spacious and pleasant indoor and outdoor seating.  Very nice!  It must cater to the college nearby.  I think I have been to about every Starbucks in the metro area and this one is the best.  The staff was friendly and the order made right
5	I was very impressed when I walked in. It's a new Starbucks and I love the layout. It's very spacious and lots of room to sit here and there. The seating is different in each section. If I was a student, I'd be studying at this Starbucks. It's very open with lots of windows which I like. The drive-thru was EXTREMELY busy but I wanted to go inside and check it out. The service was good and so was my coffee.
3	The inside is very nice and seems like a nice place to pop open your computer and work. I have had a bad experience with iced coffee drinks at this location. They fill the ice to the top so you get like 2 drinks of coffee. I would recommend getting a hot drink at this location to get more coffee. The drive through is hit or miss. Today, thur I waited around 20 minutes at around 820 am which is probably their busy time. The inside can take just as long or even longer depending on the day. Sometimes I will go inside and check the drive though and find myself seeing vehicles go by that I would have been behind.
1	It might be the nicest store , as far as space &  building material  goes . However , if half of the baristas are new and the other half have really bad attitudes then piece out .its not my place to let them know about their really really unpleasant atmosphere but that wasn't the case for another costumer . Lol , she felt she had to set them straight .BTW , when they charge you for waiting ten minutes while they brew  pike that says a lot . Good thing I don't live up here , I just visit every other month or so .  O & there wifi is non existent on the patio , writing review using LTE :( REALLY , COME ON !
1	Today, my mom and I went through the Drive thru. This was my first visit to this location. We came at just the right time, we were the only car in the lane.I, of course, ordered my usual (salted mocha caramel frapp), and my mom wanted to try something different. We asked the man if we could do half of the "cool lime" and half of the "very Berry hibiscus". He told us that would be no problem.My drink came out ok. However, my mom's was just a green drink. It looked more like a tea then a cool lime and very berry mixture. We asked the man if this was half and half, and he looked at it, and said, "Hmm, guess not."..... I don't even know how that got past him.Another Batista said she didn't put the berries in there, and we got the drink back.Even after the berries were added, my mom said she didn't think there was any "cool lime"in there. Maybe this place isn't great for such fancy, custom orders......came back tonight (1/18/14) and ordered two Salted Caramel Mocha Frapps. They informed me that they were out of the salt topping. Really...? but Okay, I asked for them to be topped with the creme brulee sprinkles instead. First drink, was right, second drink wasn't. I don't freaking understand. The only difference between the two drinks was one was a grande, and one was a vente. When the girl (who didn't take my order) tried to give it to me, I told her it didn't look right. And she goes "oh, well they put it in as"..Do you think I CARE what they put it in as? It's not what I ordered.The guy with the wannaBe handle bar mustache and gauges was leaning up on the corner of the wall, peeking out, when he said, "yeah, sorry about that."Meanwhile, four cars are behind me, and honking at me. Sorry, I didn't know that getting two of the same drinks would be such a difficult task.UNREAL.
2	I was so excited about this Starbucks opening, mainly because it has a drive thru (the store that used to be in this area did not). Unfortunately, every time I have gone to this location something has been lacking.This is one of the larger Starbucks I have been in, however it seems to always be understaffed in the morning. I'd love to stop in more often before work but I have learned that if there are more than 2 vehicles in line, I can pretty much expect to be waiting 15 minutes or more for my drink. Going inside doesn't change much. On my last visit there was no one in line, but I still waited almost 10 minutes for my drink. The employees are sometimes friendly... sometimes overly so. When there are literally a dozen people waiting in line (which is how it has been most of the times I have gone inside) perhaps staff can cut back on the chit chat with the shop regulars so customers can get their drink in under 20 minutes? Other times, like my most recent visit when there was no line, the employees have been somewhat rude. After paying for my order and dropping a buck in the tip jar I got nothing in return. No 'thank you', not even a smile...Overall, while this may be a newer, larger Starbucks location, I have experienced a lot better service at many other locations.
3	Let me start by saying that if you're looking for a Henderson location to read or do school/home work or computer work - this is the place.  It's a BIG location with lots of varied seating, both indoor and outdoor and both lounge and business.  It's even got a long wooden stool bar with lightening and plug ins for laptops.  It's perfect for a casual meeting or a library substitute.That said, the service in this location is some of the worst I've seen in the brand.  Every time I've come by I've had to repeat myself multiple times, I've gotten short comments from the staff, and I've been oft ignored for the apparently more important drive thru.  I've watched the staff bicker and argue with each other right in front of me.  I've had one of the staff members dust the lights directly above myself and everyone else - and our open coffees while also ignoring crumbs, dirt, and grime all over the tables and chairs around us.  I've watched staff whip trash bags around emphatically - dusting up air and who knows what else all in the name of apparent cleanliness.  And most of all, and most importantly, I don't feel like any of the staff members could care less who is there.Starbucks isn't my favorite place.  But they generally try their best to make you feel welcomed into their corporate coffee paradise.  And I sort of came to expect that.  I didn't find it here.
2	The staff is always frazzled here or always blissfully unaware of the rush and a sense of urgency. I have to come in 30 minutes before my shift starts down the street to be on time. Expect people to be cleaning when it's busy instead of making drinks. Expect minimal apologies for inconvenience. Expect to be told "we are a busy stores you have to get used to it".I love Starbucks but this store is managed poorly and the general manager is always unnecessarily loud
4	Quite possibly the biggest Starbucks I've been to in the Vegas area. This was my first visit to this location. We started to drive through, but the line was long and continued to grow as we approached. We opted to walk in and found a long line inside as well. The friendly staff got through the orders quickly and customers drink were appearing quickly. This place is huge inside with a variety of merchandise, food items and coffee for brewing at home.  Of course they offer free wi-fi and have plenty of outdoor seating.
2	For a place that sells espresso in the morning this place is SLOW. Do not stop here if you're cutting it close to make it to work on time. The drive thru line may only have 4 cars but it will move at a snail's pace. You look inside and think wow, there's only 2 people in line so you run in only to have to wait while standing instead of sitting in your car. You look at the pastries and the menu board, find your phone and pull up the Starbucks app and just as you get the app ready they are impatiently waiting to take your order. So you tell them what you want, pay up with the app if the scanner works....and then you wait. You daydream about World Peace. Or what your boss is going to say if you walk in late. And then you wake up from your caffeine deficient state and wonder why did the woman that came in after you just get her drink while yours is still waiting? When you get your drink you run out the door hoping the NHP or Metro won't be running radar so you can make it to work on time. And you say to your self you're not going to do that again as it really doesn't taste that good. But a couple of mornings later you'll be pulling into the parking lot to do it all again and at least with the app you can keep your Gold Star status.... 2 Stars. See Jessie B's review. It may be from 2013 but it's still spot on over a year later.
3	We visited this location out of convenience since it was on our way. It was a definite plus that it also featured a drive-thru. I don't frequent Starbucks often, but I really like the addition of caloric information on the menu. It aided my decision since I wasn't sure what to order. I had forgotten about their "Skinny" offering (a quick way to order non-fat milk and sugar-free syrup for their lattes and eliminating many calories), but that's good to remember for future orders. I went with a Tall Iced Soy Caramel Macchiato (180 calories). It was delicious, but about as bad for you as a can of soda (I'll have to remember to ask for sugar-free Vanilla syrup next time). Anyway, the barista that helped us was very nice and we had no problems with our order. It did take some time to get through the drive-thru; I wouldn't have thought it'd be busy at 4PM on a Sunday. I would hate to see this place on a weekday morning!
2	Service is very slow. It's 7:15 in the morning and they have one person on the cash register and one person making drinks for the drive thru and the inside. Need better service.
2	I agree with most everyone else, this location is very slow and the staff is not the friendliest, drive thru is awful. Alway so many people behind the counter and I'm never quite sure what they are doing. I always order a cappuccino and it's been inconstant each time. It's the closest location to my house and I prefer to drive to the Stephanie/Horizon Ridge location, where they actually know what they are doing. That place gets slammed and they manage to keep the lines moving with a smile!
2	I'm sad to give this Starbucks 2 stars because before they rebuilt this big coffee store, it was located across the street in a smaller venue which is now a 24 hours subway. Before, I used to go there everyday. Same lady. She remembered my name. My order. That's how much I always went there. She would always be happy and positive and even sing customers names. You could feel she genuinely cared about those who come often and even those who are new faces. The other workers were also friendly and though the environment was small, you know you could come in and have a quick talk with them. It used to be really busy as well and also had no drive thru so it could take a few minutes sometimes, but it was still more personal than the new upgraded Starbucks. I get that they're a corporation and wanted to expand the size and even add a drive thru, but what's the point if the quality of service goes down? Here I have had all pretty sucky service. You don't even know who's in charge because everyone looks like they don't know what they're doing. Idk what they did with the nice lady from before! Also they're all completely new workers. One of the girls in the drive thru charged me twice and when I came in the next day to let them know the lady at the register looked at me as if I was dumb, didn't know what to do, and grabbed another lady who was just as rude as the first. She just looked at me and said, here's this and went back to work. A free drink. Whoop dee-do. It's not like they cared about customer service or genuinely wanted to know what the problem was in the first place. So, I haven't been back to this Starbucks since. I used the free one at another one and got better service. They apologized for whatever happened, and it wasn't even at their place! Goes to show that even though it's bigger and nicer, doesn't mean service and quality gets better.
1	Slow service, rude staff, and I sat in a drive thru (at the window - no one in front of me) for 20 minutes while the staff argued amongst themselves about where the salted caramel topping was placed and by whom. When I asked about my drink, the staff member said "You have to pay first" and when I politely told her I paid 20 minutes ago, she closed the window, rolled her eyes, and yelled at another staff member to "deal with this idiot." I. Will. Never. Go. Back.
2	My order was messed up.
1	They ran out of China Green Tip this morning.
1	7/2/14-If you're a yelp reviewer be aware that these guys like to harass you if they don't like your review; like they did to me.  Not only were they trying to confirm that I had reviewed them, but they screwed my tea up again.       How can you screw up a simple order of Tea?  What I really hated is when the staff (she) was trying to tell me that "Pure Green Tea" is the Zen, not the China Green Tip Tea....seriously?  I told her, "no"; the China Green is the only "pure green" Starbucks offers....she told me "no", you want the Zen. * The staff are obviously confused about their own product line.  There's nothing more that pisses me off than argumentative staff members who think they're correct.
4	Not sure why this location only has 2.5 stars??? I have read multiple reviews about the lack of customer service/friendliness at this particular location...totally opposite of what I experienced this evening at the drive thru...I did have to deduct one star though for being out of multiple things (not anyone's fault...but the soul wants what the soul wants!!!) but I received EXCEPTIONAL  SERVICE this evening from Mikey...what a DELIGHTFUL human being!!!! I will be visiting this location religiously now instead of the one on Stephanie...just in hopes that Mikey will be on the other end of the drive thru with his jovial self....thanks Mikey and team!!!
1	This Starbucks is.... REALLY DIRTY! SO gross. As I ordered the Caramel Ribbon Frap (that the menu highlighted being back) I was told they didn't have the ingredients. Then I said a caramel frap and a chocolate chip cookie. As she got the cookie out her facial expressions worried me.... I couldn't see why she made such a disgusted look, but she gave me 2.... ummmm... why?The caramel container was laying on its side... touching the wall that looks like it hasn't been cleaned in a looong time. The floor behind the cash register was disgusting too. There is NO way this place would pass a health inspection. I threw away my stuff.
2	I used to love going to this location when it was across the street but ever since they moved it and made it a drive thru I drive an extra few miles to go to a different location. They take absolutely forever in the drive thru majority of the time. And probably about 3 out of 5 times my order won't be correct. I one time had to hand a drink back twice because it had taken them 3 times to correct something as simple as an iced latte with non fat milk. The staff was also smaller when they were across the street so it was always enjoyable going in there and everyone knowing your name and what you order. I will still stop by sometimes to see the familiar faces but for the most part once they moved to a bigger location across the way, they lost my business.
1	Ordered a hot green tea latte. Pretty bad, all green tea was clumped at the bottom. Garbage was full the entire time I was there, trash all over the counter where the napkins were. No paper towels in ladies bathroom. Quite dirty. Tables were sticky. Not returning anytime soon.
1	The drive thru line always seems to take forever and Id say they screw up my (simple) drink about 1/4 of the time. If you HAVE to go here, I recommend going inside.
5	I went thru the drive thru, naturally it wasn't a quick stop but "hey, I didn't expect any different". The man who took my order was very kind and friendly, made conversation while I waited at the window. I got home and found that I got the wrong drink, actually I got "jims" drink hahaa! I called and they remembered me right away and began to apologize because they noticed as I drove away. Offered for me to come back that night or the next morning for a complementary drink. Another good side as they were open late so I was able to go back that night, mistake or not.. Who doesn't want two yummy drinks in one night?!
1	This location is painfully slow, regardless of what is ordered, how much is ordered or what time you arrive. I have been in there while it's empty and still had a long wait for green tea and a water. Inside doesn't appear to be well kept either. The tables always have trash on them or are sticky. The bathroom is usually dirty as well.
5	One of the best Starbucks I have frequented with a friendly, knowledgeable staff and quick service.  I recently had a booth at a free community health fair, and they offered to provide the water and cups, which gave the community water on a hot day and helped me and my company greatly.LOVE this Starbucks and their people :)
