5	They ae a small familyish shop. They manufacture shirts, bags, target stands etc. See their web site for more information.http://thewilderness.com/I've been going there for several years now and have the utmost respect for them and they really do stand behind their products.
5	Wilderness Tactical typically sells it's products through web sites and distribution to retail stores.  Their factory is in Phoenix, AZ which has a very small outlet store in front.  You can save shipping and maybe get a "seconds" deal if you can drive to the factory location.Their products are heavy duty, over designed, rugged examples of the best American made quality.  Their motto is "Overkill never fails."  All of their products cost a bit more than flimsy Chinese imports.  You do get what you pay for.  I use their Wilderness Packer un-holster regularly.  It was developed to safely carry a handgun by mountain rescue teams.  It secures and protects the weapon while allowing rapid access if needed.  Other products include a gun belt - Instructors Belt - stiff enough to support pistol holsters and magazine holders.  Fashionable with casual wear, it is also TSA  friendly with no metal parts.  CCW friendly shirts, rifle slings, utility bags, pouches and backpacks are also manufactured.  Great products with patient and helpful store staff.
5	Great little place with super high quality tactical gear!  Not the cheapest, but they have the most durable equipment period!  Belts that can tow 8,000 lbs!!!  Awesome!
1	Were it possible to issue zero stars, I would.  I ordered a money belt from this company, and I ordered the wrong size  (my mistake).  When I found this out I contacted them about a return, and ordered a new belt in the correct size.  When the new belt arrived, it was the wrong color (their mistake).  I contacted their office, and spoke to Joan, who was very nice, but informed me that I would have to return the belt to them before they would send me the correct color. I was leaving for an overseas trip shortly after that point, so I had to argue with her, which was like pulling teeth, to get her to rectify their mistake by sending the correct belt to me, while I simultaneously sent the wrong color belt back.  When the replacement arrived, lo and behold, it was the correct color....but the wrong size (their mistake...again).   Now I am left to travel overseas with no manner of securing my cash, due to nothing but the ineptitude of the employees at Wilderness Tactical Products.
