3	***Chase Field's Big Dawgs sells decent though expensive foot-long hot dogs that are heavily topped and categorized by city or state (Chicago Dog, Wisconsin Dog, California Dog, Arizona Dog)***Chase Field's main concession stand is Double Headers, which is easy to find because of their many locations.  Double Headers features traditional ballpark food like hot dogs, popcorn and nachos.  Big Dawgs (which has only one location in Section 130) also serves traditional concessions like hot dogs, but they are done with a little more flair.Big Dawgs emphasizes "big" food items such as a variety of foot-long hot dogs to a very large $16 soft pretzel that comes with multiple dipping sauces.The foot-long hot dogs are named by city/state and they were offering 4 varieties on our visit (the dogs were displayed in a glass case with all their toppings).  There was the Arizona Dog, which featured melted cheese, sausage and red and black tortilla strips.  There was also a Chicago Dog, which seemed to the traditional Chicago ingredients like relish, tomato, etc.  They also had a Wisconsin Dog, which was topped with macaroni and cheese and bacon.There was even a California Dog on the menu.  If I asked Californians what they think would be in the California Dog, I imagine most would say avocado.  I don't think avocado was in it (unless the enthusiastic cashier did not explain it correctly). The California Dog was topped with melted cheese, onions, peppers, and steak (it really seemed to be a Philly Cheesesteak Dog so maybe the name was just incorrect).We went with the Arizona Dog and it was pretty good.  The bun was nice and soft while the hot dog had a good flavor.  Not too strong and not bland.  The toppings were just okay.  The tortilla strips were fine and provided a good crunch, but the cheese did not have much spice and the sausage was a little ordinary.The staff here was very enthusiastic and helpful.Pricing was high.  The foot-long dogs were elaborate creations, but they might not be worth the $9 price tag.Big Dawgs provides a different hot dog experience so it might be worth checking out if you come to this stadium and want to walk away with something a little more interesting than a regular hot dog, nachos or popcorn.
3	I got a Chicago Dog at this place. While not the best Chicago-style hot dog I've ever had, it was definitely above par for concession food. I paid $9 for the hot dog which seemed high until I saw how gigantic it was.Next time I'm at Chase Field, I'm sure I'll hit up this place again.
4	Skip the meatball maniaBrats are good
