4	Nice room. One interesting caveat..........50/50. Dining / Bar.Looks like a pretty decent place to hang and have a drink.Much more so than other drinking / eating places I've been to.PT's, Timbers, O'Aces, Sundance Kid.Faux stained glass, nice wood accents, like a BIG livingroom, plant life looking touches. All classic rock playing while I was here on top of that.On par with, but much more polished than say Big Dogs Draft House. Which I enjoy!Big Dogs Review: http://www.yelp.com/biz/big-dogs-draft-house-las-vegas#hrid:1wVCplFvWaYjs5Z3-DtgNQFull bar, nice size. Looked to have space beyond facing a gaming screen no matter where you sat. I need to go back and do some detailed "research" of the bar itself. And report back.Service was excellent. Food has nice portions and are well prepared.Not authentic Irish Pub, but with names like.........Kyteler's Inn, Jerpoint Abbey, Glenveigh Castle, and Cloggerhead. I felt more in Ireland here than I did in New York, or Paris in those places down on the Strip. But that's a whole other ball game.Breakfast , Lunch & Dinner.Nice booths along the walls. Tables in the middle. Probably seat 75-80 for dining.Somehow seems affiliated with Molly Malone's, Sean Patrick's, and GeeBee's also here in Las Vegas.The Caveat. Which I'm still wondering if I got it right........So smoke is wafting in from the bar? (not at all while we were here) You complain? Or you want to smoke at your table?If all of this bothers you they have a Glass Doored room enclosing the service window of the kitchen from the open dining area. Somehow you will need to serve yourself from that doored room for take-out, or eat standing up in this room. I didn't dwell on this too much in the moment. But now I'm really scratching me head!! I just don't get this.....................I think I know where I will be very soon for a stint to clear all of this up. Weird.Nice room though. I'll say again!!web site: http://www.kavanaughslv.com/It needs some work but has some pics of the rooms.
4	Ok. follow up.......The Glass door enclosure had some restrictions which apparently don't matter to any extent accept to seal off the kitchen from the main room.It is a smoking house. But I'm going to guess not in Dining.The explanation I got still isn't crystal clear. Food is inexpensive. $7-$19 (for the best steak)Bartenders got me 2 rounds after I bought the first, for being "a nice guy".I wasn't playing. Lots of locals.Mixed bag as far as age range.Video players of all ages.Happy groups, eating, playing, and a few single's hanging around.Check it out if you will. Definitely a nice room.
4	Place is great.Food is a great value. Service was excellent. This was a Friday at 6:30. Got sat in a room I didn't even know was there. Windows face the front. Space for another 30 people....Bangers & Mash. Velvety mashed potatoes, nice Rich brown gravy.Ton of mixed veggies. HUGE. $12.00.Only thing that might make it better? Turn off the damn TV. Pipe some music in. Really! Draft Beer Pint $5.50, Domestic $4.50? But the bar has been generous in the past. These are the menu prices.Bar was full. The plank didn't have one spot open. Tables along it did though.Leaving space, for another 20? Frat boys stay away. The ladies I saw want talent. (you ladies reading this I hope you know what I mean) But nights are long here in Clark County.....HIT!
4	This has been one of my family and I's favorite restutants. It is well worth trying it. Best potatoe cheese soup ever!!!!
3	I pay my homage at times by getting a Guiness on tap here. The food is your typical mediocre diner-type.  Nothing real special.
4	Great place food good great service must try.
4	The food here is great, but beware, they no longer take the restaurant.com gift certificates.  Get your money back.
4	Confirmed that they do not take coupons from http://www.restaurant.com anymore. Very friendly people, though!
4	LOVE IT! Great food at great prices. Family friendly! Non smoking areas.
2	This meal included myself, two adults and a child.  The child ordered macaroni and cheese with fries and a soft drink for $5.95.  The macaroni and cheese was made with the real stuff.  Unfortunately, the child loves the instant Cheesy-Mac, so most of her focus was on the drink and fries.  The wife ordered the fish and chips.  It cost about $16 for fish and chips.  She ate most of it, but lost heart toward the end.  Since I did not try her fish, I asked, for the sake of comparison, if the fish was better than what she could get at Long John Silvers for about $11 less.  She prefers Long John Silvers.  Her coffee was $2.50.The third guest was my mother.  She went with the traditional Irish meal, corned beef, cabbage, and potatoes, for about $16.  Mom was not impressed with the potatoes, describing them as "blah" (pushed to define "blah", she said it meant they had no taste).  She did like the flavor of the corned beef, just commented that the meat was a little tough. I tasted the meat, and I thought it had good flavor (a salty meat with a chewy texture).  I also tried the cabbage.  We both liked the flavor and texture of the cabbage, not overcooked so it is soft or soggy, not undercooked so its like cole slaw.  I tried the Lobster Florentine eggs Benedict.  They serve breakfast at night.  It normally comes with hash browns or potatoes, but I got tomato slices.  There was a fair amount of lobster (from the claws or arms, not tail).  The lobster was placed on top of greens, that were on top of english muffin halves.  It was topped with two poached eggs.  The cost was $10.50, and I thought it was fair compared to other places that serve versions of Eggs Benedict.  The taste was fine.  My iced tea was $2.50.Just a word of caution for those who like to scout out a place before eating there, the internet site's menus is so far from current, you will wonder if you are in the right place when they hand you the actual menus.  The internet selection and cost are much better than what you'll find at the restaurant.  We did let the waitress know, so maybe it will be corrected someday.
3	I love the potato cheese soup in a sourdough bread bowl. Besides that most of the food is standard bar fare. Most of the sandwiches are pretty good. For being an "Irish Pub" the fish and chips did not tip my palate. The lighting is a bit dim at any time of the day and the service, at least when I've been there, is not as attentive as I'd like it to be. I usually end up there on a weekday and there is not usually a wait so that is a plus. I really can't say anything about the bar side since I've never sat on that side. This happens to be someplace I will consider going if I don't want to cook.
1	This place. Oh, this place.I've been to Kavanaugh's twice and I do not understand how they are still open. It is possible their bar scene is hopping and I don't know it because I've never been in the bar part of the establishment. Although, my EX-boyfriend has since he went there the two times we ate here because he used the restroom.When you walk in you are greeted with two doors, one goes to the restaurant side and the other goes to the bar side. I guess it's nice that they have them separated. But like I said, I've only been on the dining side.First off, my EX-boyfriend and I went here on two occasions, first time was just to check the place out. It's located in waaaaay North Las Vegas in a rather desolate part of town. When we walked in the dining room had about three other groups eating. We were both sorely disappointed with the menu as it did not offer too many actual Irish dishes. It was mostly just bar food and they even had pasta. I don't get it - why do these places boast themselves as being Irish and then serve Italian dishes? Ugh. Pet peeve of mine I guess.Anywho, I ordered the chicken avocado sandwich and honestly it was pretty good. I forgot what my EX-boyfriend had but I remember him liking it. They do have some Irish beers, which is nice. Pretty sure the EX-boyfriend ordered a dark Irish beer and I went for wine. Overall it was an okay first experience, but I wasn't terribly impressed.The second time we went was for Valentine's Day. Originally we were going to go to a steak house, but my EX-boyfriend failed to make a reservation (argargargar.....). So, we decided to go here. Bad idea! The service was just God-awful. Awful. Awful. We waited FOREVER just to get our drink order. I mean about 20 minutes. TWENTY MINUTES. And the place was not packed. But there was only one waiter. But STILL. My EX-boyfriend decided we better get an appetizer since we were both starving and knew it would probably take forever for our meals to come out. Well we were right, we got our small appetizers and sure enough, we waited about 30 minutes for our meals. It was insane how poor the place was being run. I was not happy by the end of the meal and I told my EX-boyfriend not to leave a good tip because the service was so bad. I mean I used to serve tables. I served for 2 years and sometimes I would be put in the position of having a busy place and being the only server there, but I always busted my butt to make sure people were taken care of. It just irritates me when servers don't do their job. Ya, I get it - you're not in the most glamorous position, maybe you're having a bad night, but come on. Just not worth it to eat here. Not so good food, bad service, not really a lot of "Irish" about the place at all, and well it's a sad little place in a desolate area of town.
2	Tried to go in last week with my husband and 17 yr old son to eat dinner.  I had purchased a Groupon for dining.  They had a handwritten sign up stating they no longer allow anyone under 21 anywhere in their establishment including the dining area.  Groupon was wonderful and refunded me but Kavanaugh's lost a customer.  Never again.  We ended up at Sunrise Pizza off of Valley and Craig and had a wonderful dinner!
4	The food is alright... been here twice, and i can't complain too much. The food is alright. Last time we went, my husband got the teriyaki burger and I got spicy chicken pasta. They both come in a big portion... My pasta was enough to feed 2-3 people... it was huge. Then for desert I had brownies and vanilla ice cream... YUM :) Warm brownie and ice cream just melts in your mouth. so good. My husband had the caramel apple pie. He wasn't too impressed with it, but he said it wasn't too bad. Our waitress was really nice. They have happy hour everyday from 2-7pm :) Next time we go, I'll have to take advantage of happy hour. I just didn't have a chance to yesterday because we had errands to do. but, next time... i definitely will :)
3	I liked this place when I walked in!  It's is has a nice feel to it with out trying to hard.  The place has a nice Style.  I have never been to an Irish bar in Ireland, but I have been to Irish bars in Las Vegas and I have to say I like the style of this place.  Being half Irish - I felt right at home!The excitement ends there.  The place seemed to barely have a pulse.  Not that I go to places like this to be entertained or anything, but this place was just boring.  A couple of old ladies playing the machines and smoking Benson & Hedges.   A handful of single past their prime guys sipping beers at the bar holding on to the slimmest of chances that a good looking lady will walk in the bar and sit next to him.There was nobody in there enjoying themselves.  My cheery persona was stifling in the drab banal environment.  I personally feel more livliness at the DMV than this place.  This is merely an intangible observation that is totally subjective... maybe the other folks were having a ball --- they just didn't feel like sharing it with me... I stopped in for some fish and chips.  I guess it was ok.  The fish came looking like fish sticks.  I can't say if this was cod or not.  The problem I had with it was the batter closest to the fish was mushy.  The outside of the fish was nice and crispy.The service was good.Nothing to blow your skirt up here... I have a friend that has a saying that perfectly describes this place... "Meh."
4	No Killians :(This is where the GF and I had our first date. For a "quite" night in, we decided to meet there for late night and unwind with a few drinks.On our first date, I drank about 8 Killians Irish Reds... I was sad to learn that they no longer carry this. Upon discussing my sudden dismay, our friendly bartender Nick, suggested a variety of mix beers (which I love) and helped me settle on some Jameson to relieve my concerns.The set up in here is very unique with a rustic feel and calm ambiance. The music isn't too loud, the locals are friendly and prices are perfect for what you are getting.We like Kavanaugh's and will continue to visit, even if they suddenly stop carrying Jameson on me :)We done folks!
4	Loved the decor. I got the typical breakfast of hash towns French toast eggs and a side of sausages. Orange juice was great! French toast was amazing! Very fluffy and moist. Best French toast I've ever had. Hash browns seemed a little bit undercooked and the eggs were slightly cold. Sausages was very delicious too. I ordered apple pie for dessert. I'm not a huge apple pie fan but this was absolutely delicious! The crust melts in your mouth n it doesn't crumble like the typical pies at the store. It tasted like it was homemade. I just wish they served a bigger slice :)
3	Kavanaugh's looks large, new and nice from the outside but seems oddly smaller once inside.  It consists principally of a single very large room separated into two halves by the presence of a large brick fireplace.  One half is the bar area, with a large (long) bar and a very few tables.  The other half is filled with booths and tables and is the dining room.  Effort has been applied to the decor, but it doesn't come off particularly warm or Irish or special.Wife and I were seated in the dining room.  There was a raucous table in the bar area and the sound carries easily into the dining room since they are essentially just one big room.  Smoking is allowed in the bar area and smoke drifted into the dining area so we got to breathe cigarette smoke while we were eating.  We could also hear the video gaming machines.  I had a pint of Guinness but was disappointed at the high price; Kavanaugh's should be cheaper than the pubs on the Vegas strip.The menu has only a couple of Irish dishes and is rounded out with burgers, pasta, nachos and other standard pub food.Wife ordered the corned beef and cabbage and I ordered the shepherd's pie.  They came with soup or salad so we asked for one of each and they arrived quickly.  The homemade ranch dressing on the crisp garden salad was good as was the potato cheddar soup, though the 'cheddar' in the soup was really just shredded cheese sprinkled on top of the hot potato soup.The entrees also arrived quickly and piping hot.  The wife's corned beef was exactly what you would expect, nothing special.  The cabbage was finely shredded and  apparently sauteed  with bacon and other seasonings (rather than boiled).  The wife loved it and the fork-fulls I had were prolly the best cabbage I've ever eaten. Certainly this comes from the bacon and added fat, but you cannot argue with the taste.My shepherd's pie was served in a bread bowl with a side of steamed vegetables.  It was the more-common American version prepared with ground beef instead of lamb; so technically it is a cottage pie rather than a shepherd's pie.  Kavanaugh's does not offer a version made with lamb.  It was nothing special, but a tasty and filling meal.A big plus is that they are open 24 hours.  The dining room closes at 11 PM (ish) but you can always sit at the bar and order from the kitchen, which never closes.  They serve breakfast all day, and the selections looked good as did the prices.
5	Yes, it's a bar, but you have got to try the food!  Some of the best food we have had in Las Vegas without having to mortgage  the house!  We have been twice and both times the food was excellent.  Last night the soup was Lobster Bisque, and it was so good that I tried to get my husbands away from him.....no dice!  Hubbie had the special, which was pork chops, and cooked perfectly, and I had the best corned beef and cabbage that I have ever had in a restaurant!  Very seldom in life do you find a neighborhood restaurant with this quality of food!  Highly recommend them!
4	ORDER THE PRETZEL APPETIZER!My boyfriend and I were hungry and cold. We were in the area running errands and decided to stop in. Since this was in the afternoon there wasn't any music and it wasn't particularly "poppin" so I don't know what the night life is like but, the food was pretty amazing. If there's any one thing you need to eat there it's the pretzel appetizer. I'm a pretzel snob (I LOVE STARCHES!!) and it's probably the best pretzel I've ever had. Period. Crispy crunchy on the outside and fluffy inside. *Caution* the mustard is spicy. I learned that the hard way.Also worthy of mention is their cheesy potato soup. It's hardly a soup but a hearty bowl of delish mashed potatoes. Seriously; if you stick a spoon in it it'll stay standing straight up. I got the broccoli cheese soup which was also really good. Whole broccoli florets in the soup. Beer/drink selection wasn't extraordinary but wasn't terrible either. On par with most pubs. Our server was nice enough. Decor was authentic and bar was nicely spaced. Will have to come back again and see how it is in the evening!
5	Great food and friendly service. Can't beat it for a nice neighborhood spot.
2	I can recall when this placed opened years ago and was one if the few restaurants in the area.  As the neighborhood has grown I had decreased going here, and had probably not be in, in about four years.  In the last week I had gone in twice.  My first experience was during the NBA playoffs where I had some pretty good potato skins (insanely huge) and a coupe drinks.  The atmosphere was a little divey and dark, but cool for the game.  After this great experience I decided to try it again at happy hour, which was listed on their website as occurring between 2-7 M-F.  When I walked in it was pretty empty the bartender was talking to another customer and finally decided to acknowledge I was there.  When I asked for the HH menu he seemed a bit taken aback.  He mumbled a bit and said management no longer was offering HH, and he didn't know what was going on.  I left after this.  How can a local bar have absolutely zero HH?  If this is the case remove it from your website.  The prices are a bit high here food wise so not necessarily worth another visit.
2	This was my favorite neighborhood bar for a while. Close to my house, great food, decent prices, 24 hour. I've been here to eat or drink  5 or 6 times since I moved to North town last month. However today I went in with some friends and wasn't impressed. There were only 4 other people in the entire building and the bartender said to sit wherever we like in the dining room. We sat down and waited 15 minutes for a waitress/bartender to come by. Eventually I decided to walk over to the bar and just ask for menus myself. The bartender, however, was too busy playing on her phone and showing pictures to one of the other patrons to even acknowledge that she had customers. After being ignored for another 5 minutes we all decided to leave and go eat somewhere else. Way to lose a regular customer.
5	Went in for breakfast and we all were pleasantly surprised by how tasty our meals were. I had the Irish Pub Eggs Benedict and it was very good. I definitely prefer the corned beef over the Canadian bacon!! And the service was very good: quick and very friendly. We will be back very soon!!
1	9-5-2013Went bar for lunch. 3 people. Ordered French dip sandwich. Asked for no onions and no mushrooms. Sandwich comes old crusty beef, onion, mushrooms. I specifically request no onions, no mushrooms, worst beef in my entire life. Kitchen needs inspection. The other two in my party ordered Corn beef sandwich, both the beef was old and very tuff. Really was let down,by what looked to be a very nice place. Kitchen definitely needs health inspection, and food storage checks. This was old food poorly served and incorrectly served.
1	It had non smoking and a great lit tree atmosphere...there ends the good.  10 min wait to be seated.  10 min wait to get order taken.  Had to ask to keep pot to get refills.  Not cooked enough then overcooked.  BLTA with almost no bacon or avocado and enough cheese to clog the arteries on sight.  Oh yeah... Milk was cold and waitress gave us all the bad stuff off (which unfortunately for them allowed us to buy my friends lunch too!). All in all I was not drunk enough to come back...
1	This was the worst restaurant experience I have ever come across. My boyfriend and I were super excited to come to this place to celebrate St. Patrick's day. The hostess sat us past our quoted wait time, and it only gets worse. The waitress that "greeted" us was the most impersonal waitress I have EVER met. She did not say a word to us as she came to our table, only stood there and had her notepad out waiting for our orders. She (seriously) grimly noted our 2 orders of corned beef and cabbage, which came with a soup/salad. Upon serving our soup and salad, the waitress took us by surprise and almost elbowed me in the face with hot soup. Did not apologize, just DROPPED our soup/salad and walked away. Okay. Not a big deal. Still looking forward to our main course.The soup was good: potato and cheese. The salad? Small, pathetic. 3 pieces of iceberg lettuce, bread crumbs, and a slice of cucumber as the centerpiece (with a side of dressing). And here's the worst part. OUR MAIN COURSE CAME COLD.  I work in a restaurant myself and cannot even FATHOM how cold food was SERVED. The corned beef was overly salted, the cabbage was completely coated in butter, and the potatoes? Tasteless. Completely unseasoned. Dissapointed, I spoke to a manager and after I explained the poor customer service we just experienced and how our food came cold, she apologized and got us a new waitress and brought our food back just to reheat it.Got a couple dollars knocked off my total bill, $30+. I cringe at the fact that I had to even spend a dollar at this place. I will never come here again my entire life, no thank you to the worst service and disgusting food.
3	Food is good but the smell of smoke is so over bearing I won't go in anymore!We go to morriseys Irish pub on north 5th it's owned by the same people and they have the same menu but they have the bar and restaurant separated!
3	Came in super late for some munchies and to cure our sweet tooth. I got the bread pudding and my friend got the french toast. The food was solid, but the service was less than desirable. The bartender was more concerned with her phone and gossip than being personable to us.
1	This place has terrible music and an obnoxious bald bartender. For an Irish establishment they sure don't have a good selection Irish drinkage.
4	This used to be Kavanaugh's and is now called Sean Patricks which is owned and operated by PTEG (PT's entertainment group), so now it's just like your average Pt's but with an Irish name and a couple Irish menu items.Exterior: The exterior has an Irish approach to it and does not look like most bland buildings here in Vegas. Other than a couple things it looks like most authentic bars back home. The parking lot is a good size and is not shared with any other businesses so parking should not be a problem.Interior: Once you walk through the large doors that lead you into the bar a lot has changed from what used to be Kavanaugh's. When you enter there is a huge stone column infront of you that separates the bar which is to your left and the gaming area to your right. There is a brand new pool table which is used per hour ($5) not on a game by game basis and an electronic shuffleboard which looked like fun. There was a separate room for just dining and a couple tables near the bar. The bar is large in size and has a large selection of alcohol for decent prices. The bathrooms were clean and had the same prior decor as the previous restaurant.Bar and Food: Like I said the bar is a good size with a large selection of alcohol. It was happy hour when I got there (5-7pm and 12-2am, half off drinks and pizzas). Me and my wife got one drink each and they only cost $3.25 each. I can't say much about the menu as we only ordered the pretzel bites, they were extremely salty and came with honey mustard and a cheese dipping sauce.Staff: The staff were great and the previous staff from Kavanaugh's. They were really friendly and attentive. The manager told me they could make any dish I wanted from the previous restaurant even with it not listed on the menu. That was a bonus fo me as I miss their fries covered in steak and cheese deliciousness.The new chain Sean Patricks has 4 locations in the valley and I will return shortly to give it a better review.
1	Way to ruin a good thing PTs!  Sitting here 5 min ,Place used to have the best PBR on this side of town.  The renovations are nice.  LED lighting brightens up the bar but looks half ass installed.  Nice pool table area where the restaurant side used to be.  Yep no more good breakfasts with the family.And the very worst! This place used to have the best steak sandwiches in town. Now it's some processed and high amount of preservatives.  Steak was grey !   The corporate monster strikes again.
1	This place is now know as Seans Patricks Pub...wah wah wah. I will never go back. The bartender ( if she so can be called ) took my order a large Bass well it took her 5 minutes to pour my beer, it was all head she kept dumping it out and repouring which caused the beer to go completly flat. And she used her bare hands to wipe down the rim of my mug, gross. She looked shocked when i didnt finish my beer and just asked for the tab. No thanks I will simply pour my own beer......at HOME!
2	I'm so sad that PT'S has taken over. I regularly order take out and usually get two cheesy potato soups in the bread bowl and a shepherd's Pie, which is also served in a bread bowl,  with mashed potatoes billowing out the top. I ordered my same order tonight and I got three plastic 6 Oz containers. The shepherd's Pie looked like someone threw up in a tiny cup. But the bill was the same as it always is.  So sad!! The smoke is so heavy that just in the  10 min I waited for my to go order,  I got into my car and smelled like an ash tray.
