2	Okay, I hate Walgreen's because of their stance on dispensing drugs (if the pharmacist has some religious objection to your birth control, he can refuse to dispense it. That's CRAP). But, they're the only ones that carry the one brand of hosiery that doesn't make me stabby. So, fine. I have to go here every other week.
3	Plus+sDrive Thru RxPhotoRed Box for VideosRight by my HouseNear Pita JungleDownsideNo ParkingSlow Service
2	Pharmacy service sucks. Takes FORVER to get your meds. The staff seems really unorganized. Not writing anymore. They took too much of my time up already.
1	Pharmacy staff and service are terrible. Slow and rude. I transferred my prescript else where after waiting 45 min to be counseled on a script I've been taking for 8 years! So not necessary....
5	I love Walgreens because it is always open and almost always has what you need; maybe not everything you can think of, but everything you actually NEED.This particular location gets a bonus star for Van Morrison's moondance playing over the PA system and for carrying a line of candy that claimed to be healthy :)  And it had the couple of sundries I actually needed to pick up, too!Extra bonus star for a smiling and friendly cashier - not always the norm for Walgreens back home.
2	If I could pick up all of J's Rx for him (some of then you need a photo id for), I totally would have him transfer all his meds to the Scottsdale and Osborn Walgreens by my work.  This Walgreens pharmacy sucks that much!!FIN.
1	Dominique, the pharmacist, is completely rude! She cut me off as I was talking, she had short clipped fast answers, completely not understandable when speaking. I had a question about a prescription that she rudely asked if it was a "yes" or "no" answer. She clearly does not to need work in an environment that patients will have questions because she has no patience or manners! I hope she has had better days because she will not get anywhere with that tone of voice or attitude towards patrons!
3	I needed some money and I happened to drove-by and saw a Chase logo inside the store, went in and got my money.  Happy to see Walgreens and Chases partnered up for portable ATM.
