4	My wife and I came here to see what they had to offer. As we had bought a king size bed frame and bed. However because we can still cancel our order and felt our decision was on the whim as the mattress we originally purchased was on sale from another furniture store.We came here to see what other options we had to choose from. Upon entering I already was prepared for the sales man attack, however we were taken back by how friendly and non pressuring environment we entered in. George the salesman was very informative on the beds, and was trying to gauge what we were looking for. After narrowing down to 3 beds another couple came in, we told him we can attend to them while we continued to drill down. He checked on us a few times and answered a few questions we had, but was not breathing down our necks. The products: They had a good selection of beds for all prices ranges and were well organized based on color piece on the mattress. The sales were nice as well as the options in the clearance section which seemed very reasonable.In the end we ran to the other furniture store to see the bed we originally purchased which we liked very much and kept our original decision. If we didn't find the bed prior Mattress Firm would have easily won our business and would recommend them to others.
5	Brandon and Brandon are the best in the business!!I planned on getting a new bed and went to Sam's Club and a few other places before visiting this store. Brandon approached me with a deal I could not pass up!!!  My bed was delivered two days later and set up in my room just as promised!!  I am sleeping on a cloud!! Thanks guys, I will definitely be bringing more business your way!
5	We've been wanting a new cal king mattress for some time.  The last one we got was in 2006, so we were due.  When we walked in we really had zero intention of purchasing, and after looking at the prices we were even more certain we'd end up buying on one Costco.com or something.  After testing a few, the boss found one that she liked and then the conversation got serious.  The salesman did some aggressive price matching based on similar models that we pulled up on our phone, and after ten minutes or so, we had made the purchase!  The delivery was supposed to come yesterday, but their delivery truck had a problem, so they called today to let me know that they would be refunding the cost of delivery for the inconvenience and I will have it this evening.  I won't be purchasing a mattress any time soon, but am impressed with their customer service and will happily recommend this location to anyone.
3	Sadly, I must update my review.  As simple as the "buying" part of the process was, the delivery just hasn't been smooth at all.  Placed our order on June 23rd, delivery was supposed to be for the following Wednesday (29th).  They called the day of to explain that their truck had broken down.  These things happen, so they agreed to deliver it on the 4th of July - despite it being the holiday.  Then, there was a problem with a back-order (apparently cal king mattresses are as tough to come by as a day below 100 degrees in July), so again they couldn't make it happen.  Once again, delivery was delayed a week and here we are HOPING for delivery today.  They did make some concessions to accomodate, but waiting for something you paid for and expected two weeks ago hasn't left us feeling confident about their ability to follow through.  They were still polite each and every time we communicated with them, but just seem incredibly un-organized.
5	THANK YOU DEREK!!! In a frenzy & frantic chain of events, I happened to call Mattress Firm & Derek [G.M.] was my saving grace!  I explained my guest room situation over the phone & he immediately had suggestions for me for mattresses AND delivery options.  He knew I was running with crazy time constraints and he made the whole purchase process quick and painless.  After changing my pick-up plan on him not just once but twice, we asked him to arrange delivery for us.  The delivery guys called about 30 min before their arrival [on the right day & within the set timeframe], were wearing booties on their shoes, were in & out within minutes & VERY friendly!  We will be back!!!
5	Wonderful easy shopping experience!  Brandon was extremely helpful and funny (which goes a long way in customer service).  We got preapproved through progressive payments so we knew ahead of time what our budget was and made the process even quicker.  Unfortunately the mattress we purchased was out of stock at the store so we had to wait a few days to have it delivered to the store for pick up.  The only "negative" if you might call it that is the mattress protector they sell for $60.  You can pick the same one up on Amazon for $39.95 with free shipping...not a big deal, so I'll let that go.  The mattress we purchased is amazing and has already made a difference in our sleep and back issues.  Shout out to the front desk chick as well, she was excellent as well :)
5	I just bought a queen trust firm mattress from Justin at Mattress firm. He was very helpful and knew a ton about the mattresses he was selling. The mattress I ended up with is great and sleeping on it has been wonderful!
5	My husband and I went here tonight and got a king mattress set for our bedroom and a queen mattress for the guest room!  Brandon helped us find the perfect mattress for us, that was firm for me and also just the right amount of softness for my husband.  He was very patient as we laid on almost every bed, sometimes multiple times.  I am very happy every time we go to mattress firm (regardless of which one, although this one is THE BEST) it is honestly the only place we will buy mattresses!  They have great sales and prices on pretty much everything, and a great selection.
5	Things I do not like shopping for:  Vehicles and mattresses.  Thankfully these are items I don't need to purchase regularly, but when the time comes I feel I have to prepare myself for THE HAGGLE.  I don't like to haggle, but I don't like to walk away from a purchase feeling like I've been taken for a sucker on a pricey investment.  My husband and I spend a day mattress shopping at three of the big mattress stores in our area.  We did our due diligence...comparing ads, comparing online prices, getting cards from each sales person, testing firm, medium, soft mattresses and then testing again.  At the end of the day, Brandon was the most helpful, least BS, salesperson we encountered and got us a very fair deal on a mattress we thought we loved.  They have a Happy Customer Guarantee for 100 days, but we did not intend on swapping out our mattress.  We walked away, tired from the process but happy, and our new mattress was delivered THAT NIGHT without a hitch.Fast forward to today, when we ended back at The Mattress Firm, because the mattress we thought was THE ONE was not, in fact, THE ONE.  We gave it a fair shake, flipped it and even added a aftermarket mattress pad.  Here, I thought, is where they get you.  I had gotten a really good deal on this mattress, but it took a lot of price comparison, haggling, and time.  Now we were at their mercy....our second-choice mattress is a pricier model.  Reluctantly we returned, ready for a fight, and there was Brandon. We prepared for round 2 of THE HAGGLE.   20 minutes later we were walking out the door, after Brandon cheerfully made adjustments in the computer so we were only paying the difference between the two list prices, and the $59 delivery fee (which he had told us about during our initial purchase).  We spent less than we anticipated, he was super-duper nice, and we did not have to spend our morning stressed-out and fighting.  We were a little stunned.  With our "extra" time we went and had lunch.So if you are in the market for a mattress, do what you have to do--shop around, compare, get some numbers.  Then go to The Mattress Firm and see what they can do for you.
5	Spencer our sales person was very thorough and knew all of the science behind sleeping, back pin and how mattresses can help alleviate those problems. We were very happy with his service and can't wait to get our new Tempurpedic delivered!
