5	Excellent local source for semi-custom outdoor furniture.  Good selection of seating and table types, great outdoor fabric choices, good product information, able to customize  items we needed and customer service was consistent and with integrity since "production" had a few hiccups but, nothing that could not and was not resolved.   Our deadline was moved back at one point  but, it was a small price to pay for the furniture value we received for the money paid.    These pieces will be used for many years to come and then happily passed on.   My client is very pleased.
5	When my big box store patio set fell apart I decided on Arizona Iron Furniture for a replacement set. This is really well built sturdy furniture that puts the aluminum and faux wicker junk to shame.  Most of the furniture is giant so my poor patio was out of luck, but the set I settled upon wound up being just the right fit.  The staff at the store and the delivery guys were all very nice and professional.  They have a ton of different fabrics to choose from and the maintenance of the furniture so far as been very easy and still looks great.  I highly recommend them for their outstanding service and quality furniture.
5	When we were looking to buy patio furniture we heard time and time again how cheap big box store furniture was so we began looking for an alternative. We found exactly what we wanted with Az Iron Furniture.  High quality furniture that will last a lifetime, seriously! This stuff is heavy duty and all of their fabrics are Sunbrella.  We loved the options that we had and there was never any pressure to buy.  The owners dad runs the Scottsdale office, which is were we went as it was closest to our home, and he is super nice.  We love our furniture!
5	This place is Excellent! Their service is top notch! Quality is outstanding! I highly recommend this company for all your furniture needs. I'm a customer for life. Thank you AZ Iron Furniture. You're the BEST!!!
5	We purchased furniture almost a year ago from their Scottsdale location. It was not only a great experience;  but the quality, look, and durability of this wonderful product remains a talking point whenever we entertain. We are looking to add another piece  to our set; and we only have to visit one place. So nice. Thanks for great service and great furniture.
