4	Is it silly to review a gas station?  Not for this one.  I don't get gas here as it's not on the way home for me, but I do come here specifically to put air in my tires.  Other gas stations that offer free air have a button on the air compressor that you push to turn it on; no need to go in and talk to the cashier.  To get free air/water here you have to go inside and ask for air/water, and they'll give you tokens for the machine.  This doesn't bother me because other gas stations around town have air compressors that are either damaged or not working.  Not the case here!  A gas station is a gas station, which should be A-OK for most people.  Free air gets a one star bump.
5	It's a gas station. Fairly clean, the prices are average, the service is always pretty good and friendly. I'm a creature of habit, so I doubt I'll be going anywhere else for a while.
5	This place was a nice stop. I only fill my Mercedes up with Chevron gas. I think it lasts me longer and makes my car run better, so I'll pay a few extra cents for it.Anyways, we came in for two Red Bulls and two Double Shot Starbucks Coffees. The lady told us the two tall cans of Red Bull were on sale for $4 for both and then she let us know that it was cheaper to buy the bigger glass Frappuccinos by Starbucks. But then we let her know that these ones were stronger and light with less calories. She then was like "oh, well I don't know about all that stuff"..haha! I thought it was hilarious because she was a bigger girl making a joke.I like when you can get customer service with people actually helping you and joking around. Great experience for a gas station!
3	This is a decent service station.  Gas prices are generally well below market value for name brand gas.  I would usually visit around 2-3am on my way to work and had nothing but good experiences with the overnight staff.  The day shift was considerably more difficult to handle (hence 3-stars).  The grounds are generally well-kept and seem safe during overnight hours.
4	One of my favorite places to fill up on gas.  Their prices maybe a little bit higher, but still worth it.  I trust their gasoline and it keeps my car running smooth.  This location is very convenient for me and it never is super busy that I can't get in and out in a hurry.  But its seems that all their pumps never seem to be operational at the same time.  There is always one or two pumps that seems to be out of service??
4	Just getting gas like usual. Someone mentioned to me that chevron gas is the best gas for cars so naturally i took up the recommendation and come here. I think this place is really clean the only problem is that when you're done pumping gas and heading out... the traffic can be a lil problem and crowded. Other than that.. Chevron is my go-to gas station.
