2	I scheduled an appointment, waited three days, rearranged my schedule to meet with them for estimates; They call me 5 hours before the scheduled appointment telling me they can't make it. They want to schedule for the next day. I have to work. Not good!I don't know what their skills are like, but my time is valuable... How about yours?Update: The owner of the company came over to my property and presented himself in a Professional way.  As things progress, I will update here and perhaps improve my rating for this company.
2	UPDATE:The owner is very personable.The bid made to my insurance company was the highest of any bidder, I needed repairs, however, the bid submitted was for total replacement of all siding on my house.The company did not get my business because the insurance company would not fund total replacement of all the of home's siding.
3	The home repair work on our home is continuing so this is a partial review. Our home sustained flood damage. All American came within the hour we called and started taking down wet dry wall and damaged flooring. They were efficient, neat and thorough and quickly proceeded to work on ensuring the area dried out completely. The repair work to replace what once was there has not gone as smoothly however. Coordination between insurance company and All American seems good but both have not communicated with us very well. The owner personally involves himself in customer service. He is personable and listens but the final work will speak for itself. A week's work was lost when we asked for clarification between the insurance company and All American.
5	While there were glitches in beginning the repair work, I have to say that overall the work done by All American was consistently neat, efficient and professional. Workers made sure, at the end of each workday, they left the work area as clean and neat as possible. Staff were courteous and friendly. They readily answered our questions. We're hoping not to have water damage happen to our home again but we would definitely call All American to work with.
1	Was told that my project would take 2 weeks. Reality was they took over 3 months. Every step of the way there were problems/delays/complete lack of coordination. One of their foreman lied to me and was caught red-handed in that lie. Too many problems to list - stay away from this business if you need anything more than water spill clean up. Do not let them do your restoration work!
