4	All Subways are the same, right? Incorrect. Factors like customer service, cleanliness, and FRESHNESS make all the difference with this Subway!Lastly, let's not forget spinach. I will not eat at a Subway if I'm stuck with iceberg lettuce!
4	I come to this store when I'm looking for something moderately healthy for lunch... lol  I mean, if you don't count the sodium of prepared meats, but whatever... You know what I'm saying...The prep area is always clean, the staff remembers me even if it's been a while since I've been in and as I posted in my Yorkmont BP review, you can forgo the expensive chips and drink to make it a combo and go right into the gas station next door... That might be my favorite part... lol My order is always correct and they don't douse the sandwich with too much oil and vinegar, either... Great job with condiment application...I like this store, but I only head to this location sometimes since it's not always on the way to anywhere I'm headed, if I'm out and about...
4	Whoa. The lunch rush here is no joke! I literally walked in to twelve people in front of me...so be  prepared to wait, but have no worries; they operate with military precision. The line moves quickly, there is no confusion or yelling and the staff does an excellent job with their customer service. Right off the bat, I was pleased to see more than four people behind the counter go accommodate the lunch rush. And to see that each was given a specific task. There was an order taker, a meat and cheese expert, a veggies topper and a cashier. Then there was even a runner filling up the (veggie and bread) stations and getting whatever anyone needed. Clearly, I made up all these titles but you get the idea. Everyone knew their role and it worked out so well for everyone (staff and customers)....especially during a busy lunch rush. I opted for their new $4, $5 or $6 lunch special where you get a 6 inch sub (tons of options) and drink. My sandwich was prepared correctly, plenty of fresh veggies just like I like and everyone was super nice, they made sure I had everything I needed before I left...including my cookies. Now, they didn't have the raspberry cheesecake, but substituting chocolate chip was just as good. I will definitely return to this Subway. Since it's such a fast, friendly and a healthy option.
3	It's a subway.  Crap food at a great price!  Though do not try to go here during lunch.  The line is usually just way too long.  Though atleast the employees always seem to have a smile on their face.
