5	Brand new! Huge courtyard with amazing pool!
2	01/31- Visited the community on a couple occasions and it appears to be modern and upscale.The community has state of the art equipment in the gym and has an amazing and colorful vibrant theme throughout the community. Definite place to consider when thinking about your next home!05/25- After living here for 4 months I have come to find that my initial review was way off. Upon touring the community I was told my guests could park in unreserved spaces in the garage; after move in I was informed that all guests and visitors must park on the street or for an additional $45/month (roughly) we can get an unreserved space. Told that it's a standard in Scottsdale although both Optima's in Scottsdale which are much higher end offer guest parking in the garage for free. (Behind the secure gates but it's still in the garage) and Mark Taylor being built across the street from Skysong will offer guest parking within the gated community at no additional cost as it's a standard throughout all their communities- Also, it seems that the quality of workmanship that went into the building doesn't seem to be high quality. New neighbors are heard fighting (insulation sucks) although community claims it's foam insulated(highest quality insulation) -My wood floors are a cheap laminate and the floor isn't even leveled. *The maintenance team is however exemplary; extremely professional and nice great guys! Unfortunately I was "woo'ed" into Skysong and that's my fault. If you have time to move I recommend waiting for Mark-Taylor across the street or a Camden Property. Both are established residential property companies managed by the owners as opposed to a community (like Skysong)which hired a management company to manage their day to day operations. **Its important to understand that the information I provided is my feedback and is based off my experience. For basically $2k/month I expect an easier and more pleasant experience as well as a higher standard of living. I will be leaving at the end of my lease and not renewing**
5	Beautiful, brand new apartments! The staff is so friendly and helpful. I love the Starbucks coffee in the cyber lounge. I can't wait to move in!
5	Awesome new apartment complex! Perfect location! Equally close to tempe and old town. The staff is super friendly and very welcoming.
5	Having to move from Kansas to Arizona for work in a two week period can absolutely be a daunting and overwhelming experience. The staff at Skysong were nothing but extremely friendly, understanding, and knowledgeable of the community. After looking at many different properties in the area, Skysong gets you the greatest bang for your buck. The floor plans are more than spacious, the kitchens are beautiful, I'm usually not one to use community amenities but the common areas (pool, lounge, gym, etc.) are highly above standard, and the price is exactly what I was looking for. I am thoroughly excited to call this place my new home.
5	Awesome!  Been living here a few weeks and have nothing but good things to say about the environment and amenities.  Nice that it's brand new and the lobby is very welcoming.
5	The staff at the Skysong leasing office is outstanding and the actual complex is gorgeous. The location is great as it is less than 5 minutes from Old Town Scottsdale, but without all the traffic.I moved from Texas and only had one day to make a decision on a place to live and their Customer Service was so impressive that I had to go with them! Not only were they incredibly helpful on the first day I walked into the leasing office, but they were also patient and understanding as I worked through some kinks in my application. I NEVER had a hard time reaching them on the phone or via email (which is shocking for an apartment in my experience.) Hands down, this is the best service I have received from an apartment. On top of that, it is clean, private and safe which is the most important thing to me.
5	I was looking for apartments that were nice, in a good location and had good ratings. After looking at a few closer to oldtown I decided to take a look at the new development that is SkySong. I quickly fell in love as there were just so many things that caught my attention- it was just a natural fit. The gym, lounge area and conference rooms are all awesome perks and they are well kept. The main office also does a good job coming up with activities for residents to bring the community together.One final thought- my worst fear in Arizona is losing air conditioning for more than a couple of hours- I put in a maintainence request to get it fixed and in 4-5 hours it was as good as new. Overall, a good experience
5	Staff very friendly. They have relatively cumbersome application process, but I guess that's for the safety of tenants.Extremely clean from outside to inside. Love it. Most apartments are brand new, that's a big plus for me. Also parking garage goes directly to each floor, save you a lot of time ( also safe). Garage is closed to outside so no worries about break in or anything. Neighborhood is fine, within 3 miles to Scottsdale's malls and business district.Overall it is the best apartment for young professionals and students in ASU, Scottsdale and Phoenix area.
5	Just moved in and love this place. Moved out of my old lame apartment and I feel better as a human! Ashley is amazing to work with. AMAZING customer service. I would recommend this place to anyone moving to the area or looking for a new place to call home!
2	This review is based off of the fact that before moving in they kept telling me about how they have free Starbucks coffee,tea and hot chocolate I just recently moved in and the fact that I've gone to get this coffee about five times now and they NEVER have filters already disappoints me and I find it to be bad customer service. I saw one of the guys that does it and he said he'd fix it so I left and came back about an hour later and he had not fixed it :( I just went right now again and AGAIN no filters it's a long haul from my apt. To the clubhouse so this just annoys me
5	Moved in yesterday and while my experience here is fresh, I have lived in a lot of places, and never been as impressed as I was with the customer service here. They were fun, professional, and so welcoming. Lots of cool things about this place. So excited to be living in this complex. Especially knowing there is a staff that wants to help make it a great experience. Hawke in particular was super helpful. The energy radiated off of him! :)
5	Moved in a week ago today. I work in consulting so I move around a lot . I called needing an apartment and needed to move in the next day . They took care of the paper work within a couple of hours and I was all set to go. The complex is extremely nice and in a great location . Staff is also very helpful with anything you need .Put in for a request to get a light removed late last night and it was completed by the the time I came home from work. I definitely recommend moving into skysong if you are looking for a place in the Scottsdale area.
5	Sky Song is a great apartment complex that is brand new and a lot of the units have not even been lived in. The staff at the leasing office was very easy to work with and had the application process finished in no time. The one bedroom loft units are highly recommended they are extremely spacious and have gorgeous vaulted ceilings. Great experience overall! I would highly recommend these apartments to anyone in the Scottsdale area.
5	beautiful area, great customer service, great place to live!close to old town! free trolley! tons of food around here too!
5	These apartments are great!  Modern finishings, quiet courtyards, heated pool, freshly ground Starbucks coffee whenever you want it, and more.  Best part is the A+ staff.  They have been extremely accommodating and ensured that we found the exact apartment that would meet our needs.  I highly recommend!
1	This place continues to get worse, I don't even know where to start. I literally woke up at 3am Bc of screaming kids at the pool- do I have the energy to get up and complain? Yes! Do I? No! Why? Every other time it took at least an hour for it to stop, I'm assuming it wasn't even the security; rather it was the party animals probably just calling it a night.
1	I moved to AZ/Skysong from Chicago in April and was initially impressed with the cleanliness and loved that it was brand new. However, after living there for six months I am no longer impressed. There was a Yelp contest that if you listed a positive review, you were entered to win money off your rent so please keep that in mind as you read other reviews. Below are just a few of the issues I have encountered:The buildings are very poorly constructed. We have been unable to use our balcony because after reporting the concrete was cracking and tar was seeping up, it was found to be structurally unsound.  We first reported this in late August and they are just now fixing it with numerous delays. We are just one of several residents who have encountered this issue. They advertise the units have been insulated to be soundproof. It is true apartment to apartment, we have yet to hear our neighbors but you can hear your neighbors above and below you. It is pretty bad when sound travels up.I do not expect the best appliances in an apartment. I am realistic and know I am renting. However, I do expect my appliances in an apartment to last beyond six months of use. The worst of the breakdowns was the motor in our air conditioner failed in early September (yep, that was a hot weekend in our house). I also expect our brand new oven to operate better than my previous mid 70's oven. GE came out to check on our oven as it ranges 50 degrees off and takes just under two hours to stabilize it's temperature. We were told they were not insulated well and therefore, it is what it is. Additionally but not as important our dishwasher and washing machine has broken. Also, check out the unit you are moving into as the fridge in the units are much smaller than shown in the models. I will say, we have gotten to know the maintenance staff fairly well and they are super nice and helpful.It is also very important to note that the parking garage is not for the apartment tenants only but shared with the business park (this was not disclosed prior to signing by the staff). Not only does this make parking difficult (you can only purchase one reserved spot per unit on the floor). My husband and I pay $75 for one reserved space and $45 for an unreserved space which means constantly fighting non-tenants for a spot and often parking on the fourth or fifth floor which doesn't have access to the apartment building. Also, this arrangement decreases security as a number of non-tenants are coming in and out. The "secured" garage was touted when we first met with the Skysong office, however, it has come to our attention there are no cameras in the parking garage and there have been multiple thefts in the garage.  Lastly, this does not apply to some but if you are a smoker or have friends who come over and smoke, do not live here. This is a NO smoking community. That includes your balconies and patios for both interior and exterior units. The lease will say, "smoking is permitted in exterior areas only." I was just informed that actually means off the property or at a small park over near the office buildings.
4	Modern feel, nice and safe.. Only dislike. Why is the garage door always broken? What is going on?
