4	I'm not sure Adult Entertainment fits in this category but it involves gambling so I guess it should.Three Words:Bunnies Dealing BlackjackOK, and also spinning roulette and I think a little craps too. Small place but of course, busy. Went on a Wednesday night and coughed up twenty bucks to get in. Definitely an experience as you have LCD screens showing off Playboy covers and other photos, but no nude shots. Only shots are at the bar. Surprisingly a lot of female attendees and I guess you can draw your own conclusions there. Was surprised though some of the bartenders were guys! At the Playboy Club? Doesn't Vegas have enough decent female barkeeps?There's also some video poker and slots as well. Not to mention one of the best views of Vegas you'll ever see. Definitely bring your camera if security doesn't try to confiscate it.
1	The door man routine is a real snore. What is up with these guys and their petty little power trips?We walked up with invitations to a private event going on there Thursday evening. The dude takes our invitations and then asks us to prove that they were really for us! After conferring with three of his doorman colleagues and taking time out to  give a few other parties a hard time, he finally lets us through after about ten minutes, keeping our invitations. Well, then the cashier chick won't let us in because we don't have our invitations anymore, so The BF has to run back and extract them from doorman now. What a hassle to go to a private party!We wandered in the "public" club area, and it felt like a typical over crowded, over hyped night club with bitchy looking women scowling over drinks and tons of fat older ex-frat type guys hanging out. A major sausage fest, guy to girl ratio must have been 5:1. Also, I found the crowd to feel pretty standoffish and unfriendly.That said, the elevator operator was super nice, so there's a plus, and the view from Moon's balcony is gorgeous.
3	Fun club, tons of guys, strong drinks. Oh yeah, and a great view! It's fun to see the old Playboy bunny costumes out. It's very old school glamour and great to see back in Vegas.
3	I love the masculinity of the decor and the cute Playboy bunny dealers and cocktail waitresses.  We sat at a table and didn't even have to reserve it or pay for bottle service!  Music was good but going upstairs to Moon was better.  Great that the two are connected.  The people weren't the greatest but they weren't terrible either.  Definitely got better about 2am.  Plus I passed Tito Ortiz in the hallway!
1	I've stayed at the Palms ~25 times in the last 6 years.  You can check my bank account and ask my hostess.  I love the Palms for a variety of reasons but the Playboy Club is no good.  Essentially its a very dark ill conceived blackjack room with the asbolute worst layout of all time.  There are 2 bars, 1 of which is impossible to get to unless you can long jump 30 feet over 2 rows of tables and there isn't much to it.  You're better off going to Moon (club attached to Playboy) or Ghost Bar.
4	This place will take you into a lavish lifestyle of the Rich and Famous. Unfortuately not everyone has a budget for it. So I get invited to this magic place of bunnies and furry things....or shaved....We got to go on a playdate...which meant pre opening open bar madness. When you walk in, it's very surreal with the whole wood paneling and fiber optic lighting effects. There's a room with a bunch of tables stretching out to an elongated roaring fireplace. I was greeted by a VIP host named Jared. We exchanged cards and it turned into the "whatever you need" schpeel from VIP hosts. Although Jared hasn't really communicated or gotten back to me on any emails I sent him. Obviously I'm just not that cool. There's another room with 2 classic Playboy pinball machines that I wanted to play but they were fixing it. Then there's the infamous gamblin area with bunny bartenders. So my friend Josu's sister works there, obviously I went to look for her because friend's sisters are taboo to oogle. There's a few tables. I just think it's dumb because why would you pay cover to gamble? I'd do it to win my cover back. Speaking of cover, it's 40 bucks for anyone because it's connected to moon. 2 clubs for 40 dollars....what kinda deal is that?Yea...not sure if I'm really down with that. It is a little over priced. Someone said 2 Long Islands 22 dollars....carry the one...divide by pi.....um 11 dollars each. Yea way too expensive. Reasonable drinks 6-7 dollars for a mixed drink. If you're there for Ambiance - untraditional club music(80's and 90s rock!) Be prepared to bring some cash unless you've been invited to a private party or somethin.
4	What a great spot. Playboy reminds me of a casino you would find in Monte Carlo not Vegas. The detail is amazing from the alligator skin covering the ceiling to the the playboy logo'd buttons in the upholstery. The music is not so loud so you can actually have a conversation and it is not so dark so you can see the person you are talking to. The media wall is pretty cool too with Hefner's personal photos throughout the decades. Definitely check this place out when you are at the Palms.
5	Loved this place.. the bunnies are super nice and pretty and even though I did not stay long the place was swanky and cool and had a great vibe to it.  you can gamble and drink and look at pretty girls.. fabulous.  I did not get a drink here so I do not know about the service and or the drinks themselves but check it out and let me know.
1	One of the highlights of the bachelor party that I organized was meant to be a VIP table at the PlayBoy Club.  Despite the emailed confirmation from Jillian Parrish at the hotel, $1200 hold on a credit card and assurances that the Palms would charge us if we did not turn up,  they did not actually HAVE a table for us when we arrived.  The door staff were rude and were more interested in looking cool than actually helping customers with legitimate beefs.  Our door guy Jevan, was focused on finding pretty girls and giving them access rather than getting our VIP table sorted.   He finally consented to let us in with no charge - VERY generous considering the Palms almost ruined the bachelor party highlight. no apology for the f*ck up, let alone a free drink was offered.  I was simply told that I was the fourth VIP table that they'd been unable to accommodate so far that night.   Do not bother.  Try Pure instead...or if you are at a bachelor party  - head over to Sapphires.
5	My favorite place to gamble in Vegas (maybe because I won fairly big?)Go for the gambling, not the club aspect of it...let me explain how this worksyou pay $20 (on this particular night) to get upstairs to the 50something floor and its bar/lounge with blackjack and a roulette table in the middle. You could do bottle service and sit in a booth..but that's probably an expensive and bad idea. Go up here if you wanna gamble (table minimums start at $100, with one $50 table) and enjoy the view...It's connected to the Moon lounge so you can easily gamble here and then socialize at Moon.
5	Another awesome place at the Palms.  Nothing is better than having a host escort your crew to the bar and here those magic words, " Comp these ladies drinks for the evening."  Did I hear you correct?  I think... I .... ooohhh .... lord....  We got there kinda early though so the place wasn't packed.  But who cares when you are chattin' up the bartenders and drinking for free.  However... I don't care if the place is empty... Mr. DJ YOU DO NOT PLAY SADE!!!!!
3	If your going to go to the Palms, go to the Playboy club. I don't know if its worth it by itself, but the view is amazing and the decor is really interesting. This small casino on the 50 ish floor of the new fantasy tower of the Palms is really amazing. Yes, there are bunnys, and yes there are expensive drinks and bottles, but hey this is Vegas and its redundant but always necessary. The elevator factor is kind of a bummer just like moon, where you can't get in or out easily one must wait for one of two elevators to get you out of there, but if you prepare and know your going to devote a couple hours to it, its worth the scenery!!
5	I definitely had no preconceived ideas about the Playboy Club, but was uncertain whether or not it would be "my thing".  However, I loved every minute of my time in the Playboy Club.  If you can get over the fact that these bunnies knock women's rights back about 30 years, you can have the best time here.  We gambled with the bunnies dealing and did very well.  We were able to walk away with some extra dough laughing about how the bunnies were still learning to count cards even though people were playing thousands of dollars.  It was somewhat unbelievable.The Playboy Club is really more of a lounge a floor below Moon...an actual club.  I tend to be more of a lounge person, so our time here was great.  We also saw some celebs which adds to the Vegas feel.  This would be a great place to get bottle service with your buddies.
3	As far as hype around new clubs goes, this may be the biggest bust of my lifetime. With all of the commotion and much anticipated glam of the new Playboy Club and tower, I was expecting far more than a dimly lit casino with a few couches they called "tables." Forgive me, I had a great time, but I can be anywhere with my girls and have the night of my life. The wait staff was beautiful, but other than that, there was nothing spectacular to look at. The over abundance of blackjack and roulette tables made it seem more like a desperate-girl-trying-to-find-a-sugar-daddy hangout than a swanky night spot. Even with a free table and bottle service, I can't say I will be going back soon.
4	I was surprised by how tastefully done this club was: cute girls in cute bunny costumes (we're not talkng plushy here), cool patio area great for dancing in the cool breeze above the Strip, and even the bathrooms had pics of centerfolds all over the place, yet, the general vibe was still very cool and classy. Thank you Palms for a great Saturday night in Vegas, though I'm not sure when, if ever, I'll be back....
4	Can you say VIP? The girls - I mean the club was great. Well, It's not really a club. It's more of a lounge/bar with a selection of high rollers tables. It's at the top of the tower and away from the strippers - I mean strip so the view is amazing. The night I went (sometime in June 2007) I saw that tallest man in the world dude. He was with his girlfriend. She had to stand on a low-rise wall so she could talk to him. It was great!
4	I was pleasantly surprised by the Playboy Club.  It's very well done with plush leather sofas and fireplaces topped off with a great casino area.  The table we were at was in a small room looking right at a fireplace making for a nice backdrop.  I was really expecting something cheesy but it was very well done, it's almost what I would imagine and old Vegas poker club would be like.  The casino area takes up most of the room but it's where the best view is.  They seemed to do a better job at crowd control than most clubs in Vegas, as there was ample room to move around.  We were actually meeting our friends there, and they were upstairs at the table when we arrived.  The girls at the door were very helpful and got us right up where we needed to be.  (And we saw Kid Rock in the process.)
4	Beautifully designed and appointed, but overwhelming at the same time. Almost too much visual stimulation- from the Playboy Bunny dealers popping out of their bunny corsets to the excessive memorabilia hanging from every wall. It was complicated to get into the club, having to first enter Moon then take an escalator to Playboy. I think I might've enjoyed it more if I got a chance to sit down and play, had a few drinks and a couple smokes. But we were so in-and-out of there my first visit, I'll have to pay it another visit and edit my review...UPDATE: 9/3/07 +1 starLess disorienting to the senses this time around, since I was slightly less intoxicated than the last visit, and there was much less cigar smoke. I noticed they made a few changes to the layout of the space. They separated the gambling area from the lounge area (good move) and replaced the table-height table games with traditonal bar-height games (also a nice improvement) ... as I think this was to allow us to more fully appreciate & actually see our Bunny-Dealers' little bunny tails. :)  A nice touch, since my girlfriend couldn't help admiring one of the dealers' assets most of the time.It was a Monday night, so there were significantly fewer guests- a plus. With a stamp & All Access Pass given to us from the GhostBar, we were able to get into the PB Club without paying an additional cover charge. The elevator took us directly to Playboy Club instead of taking us the long-route, previously mentioned above. We sat down to play blackjack & have a few cocktails. BEWARE and be forewarned: you may end up sitting next to inexperienced players. I exchanged many frequent disapproving facial expressions with my lovely Bunny-Dealer while playing with the 2 southern businessmen who kept hitting & staying on the wrong hands... I think she & the BJ gods pittied me and threw me a few well-timed blackjacks to compensate me for playing with idiots.Then an equally lovely new dealer rotated in. She dealt UNECESSARILY FAST and dealt herself THREE BLACKJACKS IN A ROW! This was helpful in eliminating the businessmen, but when she dealt me a 4-card 20 and she turned over a 17 and she claimed that we pushed... and we had to get a pit boss to confirm that I should be paid out... I knew it was time to go. Because come on... If a dealer can't do basic addition, they shouldn't be dealing blackjack. Sorry honey, not even your Double D's can distract me enough to know when I've got a winning hand...
3	Visiting the Playboy Club courtesy of our visit from Moon, we had heard a lot about this place...how you have to pay cover to gamble here, etc.  Coming down the escalator and through the first bar, you enter the gambling pit.  Blackjack tables with a minimum of $200 were the first things we spotted on the left.  (Don't worry, there's an ATM right by the pit to help you out should you run out of cash!)  It wasn't that crowded for a Saturday night, a few guys on each table and a couple of tables with no players.  (I felt sorry for these bunnies with no one for them to deal to!)  On the right are more tables and a roulette table with a $25 minimum.  Walking down the center, you get to this area with booths and VIP groups I guess.  And along the back are slot machines(!) and another bar.  On one side of the wall are old movies/videos running of the Playboy enterprise throughout the years.  There's some decent music playing, but you're probably spend more time checking out the bunnies than anyone else.  Of course, it's a sausage fest in here with a few random girls here and there.  At least I can say I've been to the Playboy Club at the Palms.
2	S-K-I-P IT for sure. Way overhyped. We were lucky enough to get a VIP booth (because it wasn't reserved at the time) wich was cool just for the fact that you could actually sit down. The waitresses have high expectation for orders.The girls are fakey. The drinks were strong, but overpriced. The gaming tables had like $150 or $200 minimums. And oh,yeah it was boring. As we were leaving I actually saw a 20 something plastic barbie getting into a car with a 60 something guy. No thanks. Nice to see once, but not again.
3	The playboy club inside the Palms Hotel & Casino is a must stop. There is a cover charge of $20.The  best thing that i loved about the playboy club is the view of Las Vegas. When you are at the bar area the walls are glass and you get the most beautiful view of all the lights in town! This view cannot be beat!!  The view of Vegas at night is unreal from this place. Not even the view from the Venetian can top this view!  Getting some drinks here is so cool.  If not for the view of vegas then for the view inside.  The waitresses and casino game hosts are all bunnies but they are not sleezy looking. This place is more of a nostalgic place. If you like playboy stuff you would like this place. All the decor is playboy stuff and very well decorated.   I didnt actual gamble here because i was to busy getting drinks but they had all the games that are typical black jack , poker...etc..This place is all class. This is definitely not a girls gone wild type of place. This is more of a catch some playboy nostalgia while you get some drinks kind of a place. I would definitely come back.... to get some drinks here.  All the bunnies are not bad on the eye either.
4	I'm not a huge fan of clubs in general but as the old saying goes....when in Vegas.....(or was that Rome?)All-in-all we had a great time here and at Moon drinking and dancing the night away.  The line is generally VERY long (as with all Vegas clubs) so it helps to know someone or have a connection so you can avoid the line and cover charge (or if you are a hot group of chics this tends to work too). The club itself is a bit overwhelming when you first walk in as there is a lot going on.  Between the phenomenal view, the lights and decor and the eye candy, it's hard to decide what to turn your attention to first!  There are a few bars at either end of the room and a small dance floor amongst some of the reserved tables.  There are also several gaming tables compete with beautiful dealers in the classic Playboy bunny get-up.  The decor is lounge-y and the vibe is pretty chill compared to most Vegas clubs.This may sound strange but the biggest  surprise of the evening for me was the door men!  They were friendly, respectful and personally escorted our group on two separate occasions to different parts of the club at both Playboy and Moon-now that is service!Playboy Club is certainly worth checking out on your next Vegas trip!
4	Hung out at the Playboy Club 2 Monday Nights in a row.  2 girls and 2 guys.  The first night there were plenty of places to sit - so we were all pretty cozy on this giant sofa the waitress was a little ditzy - but after 3 rounds she finally got it down.  The drinks are expensive but they are really really strong!!  The second night all of the seats were  "reserved"  so we just kind of walked around alittle looked out the window - the view rocks!!! One of my friends decided to play roulette so I joined him I had a blast the dealer was a really friendly guy.  There are plenty of free passes to get into this place - dont pay the $20 cover charge - if you are staying at the palms you get in free.  If you arent staying at there ask a taxi driver they usually have passes too.  And you can get a stamp and do ghostbar on the same night!!!
4	Ghostbar's younger and hotter sister, Playboy Club/Lounge is a great place to be. What better place to be than on top of one of the towers in Vegas overlooking the skyline. Not only was it a great view, it was a great crowd that seemed to be a mix, but everyone was enjoying themselves nonetheless. Oh yeah, we got in with the same cover we paid for Ghostbar.
2	Didn't feel as much like a dance club as like a old men's high roller club.  The girls walking around in bunny suits were mildly off-putting, the pictures of girls on the wall were a little odd, but the gambling on the club floor was really what turned me off.  I mean, isn't there enough gambling in Vegas?  Does it really need to happen in the club too?
4	Im not really into Clubs anymore.. but when your in Vegas you gotta check them  out.. Especially when you know Ron R. and almost everything in Vegas is free..  The view of the city from Moon, which is upstairs from Playboy Club is off the hook but hookin up with drunk sluts is even better...
2	OK, I had no idea where my colleagues were taking us--it was CES and we were "team building"--but once we got to the club I was extremely disappointed. The girls were not friendly nor really that hot--kinda tired looking to say the least. I bought a couple drinks for my team and got a little sticker shock at the end, but my boss just told me to put it on my expense report. Would not recommend or go back.
4	Had some trouble getting my group of 25 in cause one guy was wearing tennis shoes.  That was his bad.  He should have dressed up a little.  While I was charming the door man into making an exception, I saw a guy enter wearing Converse All Stars.  I brought this to the door man's attention and he said Converse was O.K.  Hmmmm..Without getting mad, I told him that I would be taking my group of 25 alcoholics elsewhere, cause no one I roll with gets left behind!  His manager saw $$$$ leaving and let us in.  I was very grateful, cause I understand dress codes and respect security.  Once in, we all had a great time.  Multi floor club.  Great DJ and dancing.  The men in my group especially enjoyed the hot go go dancers.  I had to bring them their drinks, cause they would not leave their posts at the cages.  Another plus is the outside patio.  Panoramic views of Vegas.  Its quiet out there and it was nice to get fresh air and be able to talk with my peeps without shouting.
1	Garbage.  The crowd is GARBAGE.  barf barf.The vibe in this place sucks balls.Bunch of loser wannabes.2nd time going up here, and its so lame!  We got 1 drink and got the fuck out.  I hear the bunny dealers are still dumb as fuck, paying out when you bust and shit.  hahaha.Sorry, the palms crowd is not for me...its for people who live the Britney lifestyle.
4	On our trip to Las Vegas my boyfriend and I came here because we wanted to check it out and it was pretty cool that Moon is connected too, like a two for one thing. We got there a little early after eating dinner at Little Buddha, maybe 10ish. It got packed as the night progressed and became fun. I wouldn't recommend this place for dancing but its good to stand, chat and drink. I was wearing uncomfortable shoes so we got a seat up at the bar. The bartender was super friendly and made really great strong drinks. They had blackjack built in to the bar top and that was pretty fun to play with too.
3	Cover Charge--$0 (it's nice to know someone important)Ketel One and Soda--$12Minimum Blackjack Bet--$200Having a porn star trip, fall into your lap, then spend 2 hours talking shit on the other "skanky, cum bag, porn sluts"--PRICELESS!!I won't reveal her name to protect the not so innocent, but she gave me the low down on every other professional girl in the place....and there were lots of them.The Playboy Club was a little less crowded and a little more mellow than Moon upstairs.  But once again nowhere to sit your ass down unless you want to pay a steep bar minimum or bet $200 per hand at the Blackjack table.To me the place wasn't anything special and I wouldn't have stuck around if I wasn't being entertained by stories of porn star antics.
3	ehh its cute, but it was deaddddddddd...and the bunnies r not even cute haha
2	Can we say over-rated?!I love bad TV. That being said of course I saw the episode of "The Girl's Next Door" when they were opening up the Playboy Club and said to myself "I REALLY HAVE TO GO THERE!"So last year November I finally talked people in going to the Playboy Club. First of all cover $20. I was like isn't the Playboy club more like an ritzy casino and not a club? Either way I shell out the $20 and make my way up. I get to the what ever floor the Playboy Club is on and was disappointed. It was extremely small and the people there, ugh. It was landlocked fatties, desperate men trying to hit on the "bunnies", and the drunk sloars with no tits dancing on top of tables. I felt so scammed.I probably didn't even stay there a full hour. Granted you get access to Moon as well as the Playboy Club but the music at Moon IMO sucked.I guess the only thing I can say from this experience is don't believe the hype.
2	Playboy Club on a Saturday night with no cover...sure let's do it! Then as we drive up, I notice the huge sign outside The Palms, "Happy Birthday Hef!"  The Bunnies looked their best (at least 2 stars for the bunnies)!  Hot chicks totally made up with big hair and well...you know the rest.  Drinks completely over priced and basically everyone is packed in there (body to body with no room to really move) as they waited for Hef to arrive with his personal bunnies.  I called it a night after about an hour.The music was alright and maybe if it wasn't so packed, I would have hung out a little longer, but as Britney's song played...gimme gimme, gimme gimme, gimme more...I felt like Playboy Club should have been more.
5	This place was gorgeous and my husband had a kick out getting his picture taken with a bunch of bunnies. They were so nice about it and I"m sure they are hounded all night for pictures. next time we will get VIP bottle service but the atmosphere was pretty chill and cool. We bought the VIP line entrance pass for all 4 Palms clubs for $69 and it was a wonderful deal! We even saw Paris Hilton here!
3	3 stars because it was cool looking inside and I got in for free.  I don't think that this is a place worth paying to get in.  This place was seriously a let down.  Maybe because I love to get my bad tv fix watching The Girls Next Door, I was expecting more.  They always make it look so much fun!But once was enough.  Well...maybe if the Holly, Kendra and Bridget were there I would go.  ;)
2	I was all excited to go to the Playboy Club because of all the hype on TV.  But it wasn't all that it was cracked up to be.  It's more of a lounge and accommodates a few of table games.  But now I can see why it was connected to Moon.  The memorabilia was really cool to look at and appreciate.  The Playboy Club is just one of those places that's on your list of things to do and then crossed off your list.  On that note, there are actually escalators to get to and from the Moon.  So don't follow the crowd and use the elevators because it takes forever.
5	One of my favorite places to go to for a night on the town.  Hip enough that there's cool people to interact with, but mellow enough where you're not screaming over the DJ.  Three bars make it easy to get a drink, and the back bar even has video poker, so you can gamble and get free drinks rather than shell out $10+ for one drink.  They charge to get in, but there's ways around it if you look or can talk a good game.  And once you're in Playboy Club, you're free to travel back and forth to their louder club Moon upstairs.
5	3AM and dancing to Everyday Peoples from Arrested Development with Playboy bunnies...my best night ever in Vegas....Love The Palms...they hiring???
4	I was here really late, around 3:30 or 4 so there weren't a whole lot of people left...maybe that's why I liked it so much.  It has amazing views and windows all around so it seems really spacious without being very big.  I think the Palms is one of the better places for night spots in Vegas.    Really cute decor, including faux brick walls with tiny Playboy bunnies on them.  I love the vintage-y bunny outfits that the cocktail servers wear.
4	Extremely cool lounge/club where you can gamble and chat up some playboy bunnies at the same time. The moment you walk in, whether you're coming from Moon or from the casino .. you feel like you're walking into Hugh Hefner's lounge .. it's lush, hip, classy, comfortable, perfect.There's giant bunny heads lit up by neon lights in front of a marvelous Vegas view, magazine covers and tv screens showing Hugh Hefner and the bunnies all over the walls.It's great
3	I'm going to write a complaint letter to Hugh Hefner himself.  My friends and I waited 20 minutes for frickin' elevator to get out of the club.  In 20 minutes, only three elevators came.  With each elevator came the pushing and shoving of people around me.  You literally get squashed when people push to get in the elevator.Other than that, the club is pretty cool.  I only was in here for 20 minutes, as I came down from Moon and I was trying to get the hell outta there.  The ambience is nice and there are tons of playboy memorabilia on the walls.  The dealer bunnies were cute as well.Anyway, back to the elevator thing... I asked a few bouncers if there is another way out and they said no.  WTF?  I have no plans on going back...
5	I came here last night with a bunch of my bf's colleagues.  They had the outside area reserved and there were bottles of tequila at the tables.  Yeah....drink all day by the pool, followed  by drinks a party at Mandalay and then add tequila.Sorry Liver!
3	My girls and I waited over 35 minutes to get up the the club- even with front of the line and 4 free drink tickets. However, once we got up there the music was kicking! There was a burlesque after-party there, which brought out some interesting eye candy. Great view of the strip and make sure to take sexy pictures in the bathroom- you'll find out why. Didn't make it up to Moon, but gotta save something for next time.
4	I actually really like the Playboy Club.  How can you beat surrounding yourself with beautiful women, clothing optional.  The card dealers are dressed as Playboy Bunnies with pictorial displays of playmate photo sessions.  They have changed their club up a bit to also include some tables for bottle service and a tiny dance floor, which believe it or not...is a good size for this venue.  One of the most impressive things I found is the bathroom.  The picture-hologramish photos of playmates past and present is awesome. It really makes you look around and say....damn Hef, you've led a good life.
3	it was right downstairs from moon.. it was allright.. mainly tables for gambling.. not much of a dancefloor or a club..would recommend this place to people who want to chill at a nice venue
5	What can I say... I love this place. Great vibe, great staff, great view of the strip. The music is usually pretty good and I love all the attention to details, from the chairs, to the walls... the design kicks ass
4	I should be giving Playboy 5 stars however.... here's my rundown.Excellent crowd, unbelieveiblly stunning beauties from all over the US mingling and having fun with fellow dudes like me whom are lucky just to get the chance to be in the same room with them.The girls who work here are absolutely stunning, I thought I had met my future wife almost 3 times while enjoying the establishment.The Service though....shitty. When I have a half filled cocktail that cost me an arm and a leg, sit it down on the bar for a minute and have some idiot "I never made it past freshman year of college" bombshell bartender pour it out because she thought it was empty is no good. Especially when she then looks at me retarded when I call her on it and then asks me for another 11 bucks for another drink, what a moron.
2	I really wanted to check this place out but like a lot of things it didn't live up to the hype.   The club that it's attached to, Moon, is normally, too crowded and seemed like an afterthought rather than a vision.   I don't like it here; however, the view of the strip from the outdoor patio is fantastic. Advice:  Here's a tip if you're getting there late; especially on off nights.There will be a point when you'll pay to get into the Playboy Club/Moon and you can get into the Ghost Bar for free and visa versa.  ie.  Sunday night at 1:30 am you pay 30 bucks to get into the Playboy Club/Moon and show your stamped wrist and they'll let you into the Ghost Bar for free.  Well, if you go to the Ghost Bar, same thing, you'll be able to get into the Playboy Club/Moon for free...only you'll pay 20 bucks to get into the Ghost Bar.
2	Is it a club or a casino?  Gaming on the floor and at the bar.  Make a choice - what are you?Bartenders and servers had nothing to hurry or be prompt about, and the "scene" was definitely not for me.  I feel bad for the women who have to wear those outfits to scurry around serving drinks.  The crowd was pretty full of themselves, and didn't have much reason to be.The view was nice from above, but aside from that, Playboy club was nothing great - it certainly felt better about itself than it should have.  Sidenote - I did enjoy having a few more places to lean than some of the other clubs.
4	I was a little hesitant at first as I wasn't a big fan of The Palms, but this place was pretty dope. The view was incredible. The bunnies were hot. Our table was in one of the best spots of the lounge. Black Jack and Roulette within hands reach and not having to go to the casino. Walking in and out of Moon all night, but able to escape the madness. I had a blast here and would definitely come back and hang out. The music was good and it was chillmode and a welcome haven from Moon. Yes, pricey, but worth it.
4	So this is on the first floor and Moon on the second?  I'm still trying to piece last Friday night together.
4	So I have a fantasy of being a Bunny....naturally I was like a kid in a candy store when I stepped off the elevator into the Playboy Club....gorgeous bunnies were everywhere!Bunny dealers, cocktailers, bartenders.....they all lived up to my expectations of what a Bunny should look like. I have to say I was sad that when I ordered my drink, my Bunny cocktailer didn't do the "Bunny dip" to serve my drink.....I mean, hello, isn't that what the Playboy Clubs were famous for?The "club" itself is decorated perfectly, Heff, the Girls Next Door, and a whole bunch of playmates cover the walls, everything is bunny themed. My cocktail glass had the Playboy symbol on it, the view of the strip is amazing, and the drinks are strong....pricey, but strong. Now, as I have said before, I don't gamble, so I just sat and sipped my cocktail, ogling the bunnies and imagining what it would be like to be one.I took a picture with one of the bunnies, and she was totally nice about it, so I'll definitely be back to take more...maybe in costume next time ;)Overall, I don't feel like I should have to pay $20 to get into the Playboy Club, but seeing the bunnies was worth it....so I'll of course do it again, although first I'll try and talk my way in. If you are a fan of Playboy, go here, you won't be disappointed.
2	I had to do it!  I paid the cover (right when the place opened) and took the elevator to the club.  What I was expecting I'm not sure but it surely wasn't this.The view is amazing but I was not impressed.  They have dealers with bunny ears and their breast falling out (and I gotta say, they WERE amazingly beautiful and sexy women) but I believe the minimum bet was $50.  Not gonna do it!  The venue itself was TINY and lavish but nothing that you haven't already seen in Las Vegas.  I don't know why, but I just felt "dumb" just being there.
5	As you can tell from my avatar, I love Playboy.  Not that I subscribe or anything - but I love 'The Girls Next Door', and I love the memory of me taking pictures with a bunny in blue at the LA Playboy Club when I was a kid.  Back then The Playboy Club served dinner and such.   And no, there were no naked bunnies there.Years later...  We finally get away from the main strip and visit The Palms for the first time.  A quick visit to the Playboy Store and I just happen to pick up some free admission cards.  Four of us, no cover, walked right into the Playboy Club.  Whoo hoo!  One stamp on the hand allowed us access to all the clubs/lounges/bars in The Palms too.  Nice.We were there early, so the club was not quite 'happening' yet.  But that's OK.  Got some pictures with the bunnies.  Checked out the VIP area.  Visited the cool bathrooms (bring a $1 though - there's an attendant in there).  Took a picture next to that famous picture of Hef (it's near one of the elevator banks, folks)  The guys played a few hands of blackjack while Genevieve Y. and I checked out the rest of the place.  Awesome black chandeliers throughout.  Two bars at each end of the club, plus one more in the VIP area.  Bunny logos on everything.  It's a very tastefully done club with lots of attention to the details.  Nice staff who even helped us take some of the pictures.  Everyone is dressed in black from head to toe.  Great music.  From there we went up the escalator to check out Moon for a little bit.  When we came back down, the Playboy Club was packed!  I totally want to go back.  Unfortunately, unless you reserve one of the tables, there is NO WHERE to sit.  Wear comfortable, but of course sexy, shoes.
4	I am SO not a club kind of person, but I love this place! I usually go early (before 10 pm - yes, I'm that lame) and it's not too crowded. The view of the strip is breathtaking, and I could look at all of the Playboy memorabilia for days. Drinks are comped if you are playing. I don't know what the official limit is for comps, but when I stick $100 bill in the video poker machine I drink for free. And yes, that makes for a pretty expensive glass of wine but I figure I am paying for the entertainment. I never win on the machines here, but somehow I still enjoy losing my money.Love the music they play here - lots of 70s and 80s R&B and hip hop. Hint to get into the club without paying cover or waiting in line - have dinner at Nove, the Italian restaurant located just below the club. Let your server know you would like to go to Playboy, and you will be escorted up to the club after your meal. The husband and I have always been successful with this technique, and it's not like we're among the cool and beautiful - just your average rapidly approaching middle aged couple who is willing to drop a little cash on a nice meal.
5	Had a great time here... if only I could recall more of the night... :) I understand the cover is high... although we didn't pay I would have paid to get in. The playboy bunny's are adorable and happy to take photos with those who ask. The gents working door and what not were super sweet. I didn't gamble at all but, but, when I go again I will plan to drink less so I can.
5	Got invited to a Trace3 corporate party next door of this club one evening.  We then checked out this club thereafter.  This place is hip!  Lots of beautiful people (w/ some model-material or should I say thermo-nuclear hot from  various places in the world like London, Paris, Milan, Slovenia, Tokyo, Seoul, Rio, ....).  I noticed that there were  lots of corporate professionals as well.  This club's got state of the art sound and lighting systems, real cool dj mixes, multiple bars & rooms, plush furnitures, almost 360' view of the city, well staffed  (ie: w/ bunnies, security, ...) In the night we went into, there was also a model photography session hosted by Dolce Gabbana & a local entertainment club.  It kin'da added some extra twist / excitement to the entertainment.In the late late hours, i saw some clubbers got a bit wild and crazy - really!  I can see why some club-goers could party on this club non-stop for many many hours like 'till dawn, (especially after several doses/bottles of Grey Goose & Red Bull or Patron & OJ Mixes:-).  It's a fun place.Blackjack & other table games @ $50/hand/draw are available, but I decided to focus on the club scene/party instead.  Cover charge is kin'da high but I think it's worth it given all the amenities they provide.
1	This place is dumb. The music SUCKS, the table limits are high, they act like it is a gift to get in while charging you $40 a head, and there is rarely anywhere to sit.  I prefer the main floor of the Palms casino by miles and miles and miles.  Don't do it.
1	I came to Vegas with three of my girlfriends for one of their 21st bdays. We went up to the playboy club to check it out and maybe have a few drinks. We were very impressed by the decorations, but thought overall it was a bit small and boring. We asked two of the gorgous playboy bunnies to take a picture with us. They looked at us up and down, and then proceded to talk to eachother. Shocked I asked one of them if they would take the picture of us with the other girl. They agreed, but the bunny didn't even smile in the picture, and the one who was taking it didnt aim the shot, so the bday girl was cut out of the picture. They handed the camera back, and the one girl joked to the other "you didnt even smile"!!! We couldnt believe how rude the girls were. We imediatly left the club, blasting to everyone we passed not to go in. I will never set foot in the playboy club again, or let anyone I know go near it. Its a complete waste of money, and the girls are B*tches!!!! Just because theyre hot doesnt mean they can treat people that way. If they had just been nice to us I probably would have spent $200 in the club that night, and my friends even more.Hugh should be very dissapointed.
3	Seems pretty cool! I walked through here on my way to Moon. My friend gambled here before...it's for high rollers. $100 blackjack hands. Too rich for my blood. All the pictures are censored! LOL!
2	The Bunnies were grumpy. Sexy but grumpy. Boo. If you watch Girls Next Door - don't expect the same experience.
3	I vaguely remember walking through here before getting to Moon. It had a very upscale feel to it, with a great view of the city without having to be outdoors, and the Bunnies seemed nice enough. I have a memory of taking pictures with some really funny and amiable big black bouncers guarding the VIP area...
4	A very cool place to party along with Moon. Spectacular views of the strip and there really isn't anything like partying on the roof tops during the mid summer heat! This and Tryst are the two night clubs that I would gladly return to, others such as Pure and Tao, once is more than enough.
3	I've gone there 5 times on 5 different trips, don't know why for sure. You can never recapture the original Clubs and maybe that isn't the point. I'm an old time Playboy guy so I'm jaded. The bunnies, yes they are cute but they could use a few pounds and personality. The gaming tables are fun, club is actually very small when you think about it. Still worth the visit I supposed, I'll be there the end of January,LOL.BTW, the view is very limited, need to go upstairs to Moon if you can, better view is at the Rio (Voodoo Lounge) anyways.
4	Blinged out bar...Crystal lined poles...Blackjack tables going at $50 min/hand...Dealers dressed in bunny suits...Playboy pictures lining the walls...Awesome view of the Las Vegas lights...Escalator access to the Moon.Playboy Club is definitely more loungey than any other club I've been to. Way more than Ghostbar in fact. No dance floor, just more of a place to drink, gamble, and stare at the Playboy bunnies.
2	Mehhhh.Playboy Club was all hyped up and when we set foot there.. what the heck?!?  Total disappointment... Blackjack tables in bunny outfits.. they werent even that hot by the way...with all men gambling drinking.. It wasn't even that crowded at all..It was a bit confusing on how to get to the place from Moon though. We had to ask.. the escalator was like a hidden hallway near the bathroom area.. How would anyone know how to get there without asking in the dark!!Stars are given for the awesome view of the strip!We took a picture in front of the huge playboy bunny sign and jetted out to ghostbar!
5	Oh Playboy Club - never have I seen such a space so sexy, chic, and all together amazing. No expense has been spared to recreate a legendary institution, and it is the only one existing in the world. Not only do I love Playboy because I LOVE MOON [see my detailed review of Moon], but it is an entirely separate, different experience. Playboy is laid back, sexy, and creates an atmosphere entirely on its own. The Playboy club opens at 8pm nightly, and my recommendation is to go around 9:30 when there's virtually no line, and play at Playboy until Moon opens up. Virtual Walkthrough: After you pass the host, cashier, and take the elevator 52 stories up the Palms Fantasy Tower, you'll arrive at Playboy. Similar to Moon, when you exit the elevator, you'll be greeted by Playboy's main (and oh so fancily decorated) bar. To the left there's a VIP Room, of which has been closed the times I have been. And, just like Moon, bathrooms are to the left down the hallway of the escalators (more on those later!). If you go to the right of the main bar, you will see Playboy club in all its glory. It's not gaudy, and it's not too much, it's just right very tastefully done. Closest to you will be a small gaming area, with high minimum table games (blackjack and roulette) with most starting at $50. Beyond that is a small portion of space littered with tables and a small area to dance. Beyond that is the bar that sits at the end, decked with floor-to-ceiling windows offering spectacular views of the Vegas strip. It's simple, but done very well. On one wall are thirty-or-so flatscreens projecting slideshows of previous Playboy bunnies and models. The infamous bunny finds its way to many details within the club. The highlight, in my opinion are the bathrooms. It is unlike anything i've ever seen. I won't give away the awesome details, but it is definitely worth checking out, even if you don't have to go. Access to Moon is available through escalators towards the elevators in the club. I really like the fact that you can go back and forth, because Playboy offers a more laid back vibe, where you can chill, talk, chat, and mingle. THere isn't too much dancing going on, that's for upstairs at Moon. Bottom Line: It's the only one in the world - why wouldn't you go? The views, the atmosphere, and the mere fact that it's the PLAYBOY CLUB is reason enough to go! The people are sexy, the bunnies are sexy, the club is sexy, everything is sexy!
2	When they show this place on TV, it looks a lot bigger.Continuing on the tour of 'The Clubs Of The Palms', we decided to walk down the hallway at Moon and take the escalator down to the Playboy Club. It was a pretty forgettable experience. Like what everybody said, there's tables with high minimums with bunny dealers. There's video poker lined against the window. Dancefloor was the size of the cubicle with typical Vegas douchebags at their tables surrounding it. Take a break from dancing at Moon. Go here, walk around once, then leave. Another 'just go to say you've been here' establishment.
2	Attended a horrible comedy show here - from beginning to end it was the worst.  Why do comedians think that adding swear words and self-deprecating humor makes a bad joke funny?Besides that, the set up for the comedy club is not optimal.  Half of the audience section is raised up on a platform higher than the stage, so i got to stare at the back of a guy's head the entire time.  We arrived early, and should have gotten decent seats but the way they fill the room, the later you get there, the chances are that you might get a better seat than someone who arrived earlier, as those people got aisle seating closer to the center of the room.was a really bad experience for me also as they didn't even have good drink service.  didn't get a chance to order till we'd been sitting there for a long time and the show had already started.they seemed disorganized - had to bring in extra chairs and squeeze them in. you've been warned!
3	i wanted to get my groove on and this was not really the place for that. its very much loungy and has okay music but we had to go to another palms club to get our groove on. we did grab a drink before moving on and it was expensive but good. the bunnies dealing cards are adorable. the real problem i had is that if you want it to be loungy then make sure there is enough seating for everyone to chill, if you arent going to have enough seating then you sure as fluffy bunny tails encourage dancing so you dont have a room of confused patrons standing.
3	Hmmm, I have mixed reviews of this place... On one hand, its too noisy, pretencions, and plays entirely too much rap... However, downstairs in the Playboy Club Lounge, its classy, friendly, modern and has a great view of Vegas. Bottles are overpriced, but service is great. I think I'll hit Ghost bar next time.
4	OK, it's kind of hard to review clubs in Vegas, considering the fact the I am pretty much drunk the whole time that I'm in Vegas. Ya 4 day drinking binge is always fun.. till it's over. My good friend got us in for free.No cover, in Vegas?! Sweet! I don't remember seeing any bunnies. I do however, remember it being packed and music so loud I couldn't talk. We went to the very top on the outside balcony. That was the coolest view of Vegas, besides the Stratosphere, from what I saw. I think no matter what happened here I would have a good time. Maybe just cuz I love Hef and well Playboy. If you're in Vegas I definitely think this is a place to check out.
1	Okay, we checked out this place plus the one on the 55th floor before going to Rain. Perhaps it was too early (before 10pm) but not much was happening. The decor was interesting but it was more of a casino lounge than a club. There's a separate bar section and some sit-down area beyond but in the main area, there were some tables with bunnies/dealers. They don't move unless there are clients. It was pretty creepy to watch them stand motionless. It seemed like they were robots and would start moving once you insert a coin.
4	I do like this place... but only during the week, when it is nice and quite. It is a very nice and sexy lounge, not to be confused with a club! During the week you can enjoy the place, is quite, relaxing, nice music and they pay more attention to you, also the drinks are better!My husband and I are big fans of the Palms Place, so usually after a nice dinner, we enjoy having a few drinks at the Playboy Club...especially if you have your own table...is a way to unwind! I gave 4 stars because the table's minimum bet is $500.00...fortunately we can't care less about gambling...but I think is a bit much for a single bet!
3	Sexy dealers.Sexy bartenders.Sexy bouncers?Anyways, that was about all I noticed the 10 minutes I was there. Not for dancing and drinking, not for me.The crowd was quite aged as well.Onto the connected lounge, esculator to Moon.
2	Of all the times I've been to Vegas, I finally got to remember what Playboy Club looks like.I did not realize they had actual game tables there.  With dealers in Playboy uniforms.  Hawt.Nothing else memorable.  No eye candy besides the workers.  Kind of disappointing.
4	I thought i would hate it, but i loved it! Definitely didnt come to play at the tables, though. The decor was amazing ! I loved the shiny, diamond like ceiling...  we were supposed to come for a little bit before going upstairs to MOON, but we actually stayed longer than anticipated and just listened to music and took it all in. The dealers had the really cute bunny suits, and looked it all looked really hot and fantasy like.My only complaint is that I think the placed could have definitely used a dance floor. It doesnt really have one, but people dance anywhere.
3	I think what I liked most of this club were the bathrooms. Every piece of the walls were covered in hologram tiles of Playboy covers. Even the hallway leading up to the bathroom was accented by bunny studs in the padded fabric walls. The club is definitely themed and decorated in our favorite classy and luxurious Playboy style.I'll admit, we went just to say we've been, and that we had guestlist for Moon, Rain & Ghost Bar in the Palms as well, so this was just one stop in the grand tour. None of us gambled. No dancing, no mingling with others. We didn't even grab a drink here. We only passed through from Moon and then moved onto other things on our agenda for the evening. The bunny girls were cute, but this place was just unexciting. We spent the majority of our time waiting in line for the elevator to bring us down to the lobby.
4	THE HIGHLIGHT OF THE EVENING WAS the most drop dead gorgeous male species on the face of the earth working the door here!  When he spoke....the universe ceased to exist!  Within a span of 30 seconds, i imagined our life together.   Went here on a Wednesday after leaving Ghostbar, almost completely empty.  THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST DECORATED CLUBS EVER!!!  We had a blast in there with no one there.  I LOVE THE PLAYBOY CLUB. I can only imagine the potential if they played better music and attracted more people!  LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE.  Would love it more if people showed up the night we went!
3	Besides the awesome flashy playboy sign. Theres not much to this place. They have girls running around and all in bunny outfits. All very pretty girls. The place was nicely decorated and the outside was nice as well, great view! I just didnt see much to it. It was small and there were tables to play casino games and such. This is not a place where you dance at all. I had a drink, it was good, nothing special. Prices the same. But I don't remember fantastic things about this place.I mean if you are able to get to the elevator and all, definitely make a stop here to see what this place is all about. But other than that. Ehh.
4	i had a pretty good time here. got in for free... forgot how. since we just came from chippendale's sober, the champagne with orange juice was great.the dj played really good music. and one of the bouncers was pretty hot.  another bouncer was really nice for getting my girl a band aid.  the view from the balcony was simply amazing.
4	I thought this place was a nice lounge. This is Vegas put into a single room-- blingin bars, blackjack/poker tables, vip bottle service tables, playboy decor, $pending $$$, view of the strip at the windows.. just missing the rockstar dancin kinda attitude.Bathrooms are sweet, you gotta check it out.  If they had better music, oh boy! It would have been a greater experience, but props to the DJ for playing a song my friend requested!!
4	i actually liked this place but I had one too many drinks here. I think me and my boy should have got a cut because we pretty much got that dance floor poppin and owned it as usual. someone asked me if i was from the bay area. i'm going to consider that a compliment. they played pretty good music here and the drinks were good. i don't remember how much they were because i was pretty much drunk 24 hours a day during my stay in vegas.
3	I went at a time when it was NOT CRACKIN so I wouldnt know what I would rate it if I had come at a later time. They have gambling tables, two bars, and reserved seating. I like the set up of the place and the Playboy memorabilia.NOTE about the bathrooms: yes, they do have naked chicks on the doors LOL but thats not it, ok they have a person that rents out the bathroom and WORKS ON TIPS so they will give you paper towels to dry your hands and they also have perfume available to spray or mouthwash to use BUT you have to tip. (this is for that fckn snob in the bathroom bcuz i dont carry cash when im going to the clubs, and all i wanted to do was try on a little perfume and she said no bcuz i needed to tip her broke ass-- so *middle finger in the air* thats for you biaaatch)
2	i wanted to like this.i really wanted to like this.
4	Bunnies, a live DJ and celebrities, oh my!The Playbou Club definitely has more of a lounge feel to it - it's got big suchy leather couches and a dozen or so tables. The cool part is that all the dealers are Playbou bunnies (one of our friends even says that she recognized one of the bunny dealers from a 'The Girls Next Door' episode, when they were having bunny tryouts). If you want a club with bumpin' music, go up one more flight (take the escalators to the right of the entrance elevators) and head up to Moon. You'll find all the club-like atmosphere you need...and more. :) A DJ mixes tunes for the packed dancefloor and the scattered go-go girls. :)Anyway...Playboy Club has two bars - one to the left of the entrance elevators, and the other near the back of the club, overlooking the strip. The DJ hangs out near the back bar - a buddy from high school, tell him I said hello when you go! Anyway...overall, I love the Playboy decor, the bathrooms, the carpet...and most of all, the BUNNIES. :)Thanks, Hef (aka Puffin), for a fab place to chill...
3	I enjoyed the music at the Playboy Club than in Moon. They played more hip hop and less house music. The dance floor is really small though. BTW, if you come with a group of friends...make sure you guys have a meeting spot just in case ya'll split up :)- JJ
4	Got bottle service here and had a blast.  Great music, great waitstaff, helpful bouncers, nice VIP escalator entrance to Moon which has a balcony on top floor of the Palms over looking the strip.  All in all I had a great time and had to look at pictures to remember what happened.   Moon was def over crowded so it was nice to have a place to chill at the Playboy Club.  Might get bottle service next time at Moon, but still debating.
5	Out of all of the clubs in the Palms I would have to say I had the best time hanging out here at the Playboy Club and I went to the Ghost Bar, PERFECTO at Rain and Moon. Some of the reasons this place stood out compared to the rest was they had a very friendly staff, great decor, great view of the strip while on the 53rd floor, good music, great drinks and hey if you like to play Blackjack or roulette they even have that here and the dealers are dressed in a skimpy bunny outfit. Not really good for dancing but more for lounging around and hanging our with friends. I would have to say there is a total of 5 rooms with a total of 3 bars nothing really large but each somewhat unique in its own way. I would recommend getting the cut the line VIP pass because the only way to get here it by elevator and there are TONSSS of people wanting to get here. Hugh Hef consider making a place like this in NY!!!
4	After we watched a 9pm Eek a Mouse concert at the Hard Rock we headed over to the Palms to begin. I'd already had 3 18oz Long Islands and the buzz was in full affect. Met up with some friends we'd met earlier who'd given us some passes, so we got in for FREE! It's normally $40! So we saved some cash on the entrance and were able to get more liquor!I don't remember the doors or if we went into an elevator but when we walked in it was a scene out of a Bond movie! Full card, roulette and craps tables everywhere! Kinda like the Casino floor but with Bunnys serving drinks and Dealing...my oh my...that was a sight to walk into.Proceed past the $800 bottle service tables and head straight to the rear bar where there was plenty of seating and the bartenders were attentive and friendly. I remember a nice view, lots of vodka and hangin out with one of the Bunny dealers whose table was empty. She was cool and got me a drink : ) I didn't even play, we were just choppin it up! Thanks!Friendly girls, good bartenders and drinks that were well worth the price.Before I knew it. We were off to Moon.****NOTE TO THE SBC****Talk to random girls on the Palms casino floor, they got passes!!!Go to the bar in the rear.Keep JMC away from the Window!
1	Um, $40 for entrance. And what do you get for your $40? Overpriced drinks, nowhere to sit and a bunch of people standing around - no dancing, just standing. It's all about the brand. We got in for free as we knew someone, but I still think it was a waste of time. I'd rather spend my $40 at Rain, or elsewhere.
3	It's not a place for dancing, it's a place to go and get a quiet drink while possibly playing a few hands of Blackjack. It's not worth cover on it's own but as part of the VIP Wristband it's definatly worth checking out if you need a break from the loudness of Moon. Drink prices are the standard Vegas affair and there is plenty of seating at the bar. A nice place to chill for an hour or so but not a night out place.
4	Wow there actually were Bunnies all over the place i felt as if i was in heaven. I turned 21 on this day and i must say it was another world. this place has a DJ, slot machine's Full Bar and did i mention Bunnies lol I didn't really like the choice music but it was a cool feature that was included to one who has VIP access to Ghost bar, Alize,Rain, and the Play boy Club VIP guest list wristband is the only way to go for one to enjoy a night long in the palms.
4	I know there's lots of people that rate this place on the low-side. Don't go here to play the tables, that's just crazy. But I just really like this place. No, it's not just the bunnies, although a bunch of hotties trouncing around doesn't hurt. But I like the decor, big neon Playboy bunny,  the dark/posh surroundings and views up high of the strip puts me in a good mood. The vibe is always good here. PB is mostly a bar, the rear bar is roomy where you can migo & chill. There is a tiny dance floor if you must do your thing. The bathroom is full of pics of centerfolds, nice touch. Also, it's a welcome break from Moon, you can go down stairs to PB and sit at the bar chillax. I say this is a place worth checking out on the weekends.
3	i was really excited to come here after seeing it on the travel channel, but i was pretty disappointed.  the club is small and there is no dance floor.  You have to go upstairs to moon for the small dance floor.  Playboy club is more like a lounge. Its pretty quiet, not crowded, would be a good place to come with a small group of friends to just chill, but me and my friends were looking to party!! I like the bunnies though!!
3	Nice place to rest if you're tired of Moon.  We were able to sit down at a table since there were no people sitting there.  Very comfy and the view is beautiful.  There are bunnies everywhere and it's a pretty relaxed place.  Doesn't seem like people really hang out there though.  It seems more like a quick stop before or after Moon.
5	I went back and had bottle services this time. The lead VIP guy hooked me up! ask for Anthony Mendoza! I was so happy with the serivce. It was well worth the money! Our bunny was awesome and let us take pictures with her all night. She swooped in anytime we tried to lift a finger. Securty came over and introduced himself to us when we got there and made sure no one sat at our table. We killed our bottles early in the night but they never hassled us about buying another one. We even ordered mixed drinks alter and they never charged us more. I know some clubs that charge a permium and make you order another bottle. I would definitely come again and highly recommend it!
2	really disappointed! i guess i expected more from seeing it on tv..but it was dead on a friday night... came down the escalator from moon all hyped up and this brought me to a low!!
3	I think I would have enjoyed this place more if I had just come to chill, drink and be rich.  People seemed like they just came to chill here and drink.  There was loud music playing but I wouldn't even have seen the dance floor if I hadn't seen the one guy dancing! hahah! Anyways, for a better time, head on upstairs to Moon!
5	This experience was soooooo much fun!  The bottle service really helped though (What's up to promoter Rob).  We got the hook up with free bottle service.  Free Kettle One all night long (you can't beat that)!  We were at a table in the middle of the action.  The servers were beautiful and very attentive.  Great music, wonderful atmosphere.  I would definitely go back!
3	Such a cool space with fabulous views of Las Vegas and gorgeous Playboy bunnies! My friends and I checked it out after dinner at Nove. If you plan on going and want to make a night of it, it's best to reserve a table and get bottle service - otherwise you just kind of stand there and awkwardly hang out. It's too bad they don't have bar stools or cocktail tables. We would have stayed for a few hours. There are tables - but be warned they're not cheap. Hands start at $25 a pop.
4	There were definitely more men then women the night we cruised in here.  It took about 5 minutes to lose $300 at the blackjack table.  Luckily, it wasn't my moola.  whew!We opted for a lounge and bottle service.  The server bunny wasn't that cute but she was a good waitress.  The music was good and the atmosphere felt swanky.  They let us take photo's everywhere (a lot of clubs don't do that).  We all had a great, yet expensive, time.  Ooh, almost forgot - the bunny bartender dropped the Bailey's into our Guiness beers and prematurely curdled our Irish Car Bombs.  Some of the bunnies are cute but not that bright.  ;)
2	Kinda gimmicky, dealers are pretty and nice but if they weren't I don't think anyone would go here, I mean it's the Playboy Club, you didn't go there to do non bunny related things right?Except they work there so you won't really be doing bunny related things anyways if you know what i mean... ::nudge nudge wink wink and other assorted suggestive gestures::
3	This place is hard to describe.  The name is deceiving to start.  It's more of a lounge / bar type of place and there's really nothing playboy about it unless you want to count the screens on the wall of pictures.  Seriously, that's it.  Yeah you can gamble inside and it has a nice view but it's just a nice place to stop not a nice place to park for the night.  Drinks are typical Vegas Strip priced.... expensive.
3	Stopped in here on a Friday night after hopping through all the Palms clubs...this was probably my favorite. The DJ was randomly amazing and played every song you might like to hear. Seriously. I like the tables and the decor a lot. Bunnies were cool. The back bar has the most amazing view of the strip. Its not a club though its definitely more on the lounge side. Its a nice place to relax, have some drinks, gamble a little and wind down.
3	This was a much more chilled club.  The staff was a lot friendlier and at least in December it wasn't crowded at all.  It was nice inside but I think the name "Playboy club" give it a much more lavish expectation.  I wouldn't pay to get in here, but I was able to chat with my friends while inside.Oh, apparently the bouncers don't get too angry if you try to run down the up escalator.  They just shake their head at you disapprovingly.
3	Went here with some friends to have a good time. I really don't remember much about it except that it was poppin, lot of people and good music. I won money on the machines and the drinks kept coming because when I left I was buzzin hard..I do remember that the view was spectacular. As with most places the bathroom was on the completely opposite side of the room so you have to walk across the entire crowd to get over there, I wish places would fix that issue already..
3	I liked the vibe at the Playboy Club.  It's more chill and classy.  The view is amazing.  The only thing I didn't like is the rabbits wouldn't take a pic with me!?
3	I visited Playboy Club for about ten minutes max. It was alright, but seemed a bit trashy, even for Hef's taste. It was pretty relaxed, but at this point in the night, I didn't really want to relax very much anymore. This was definitely more of a chill lounge than a crackin bar or club, but maybe next time I'll visit before I'm in the club mood and soak it up for a bit longer.
5	I love love love the Playboy Club. The last couple of times I have been up there I have gambled and come away even both times. The dealers are friendly and the cocktail waitresses are attentive. The last time I was there, the table i was playing at had trouble with the lighting and the dealer had blackjack a couple times and didnt flip over her cards to show it and of course we all lost after a couple of us who had drawn more cards to come close to 21 had lost. Thats my only complaint. love the video board with all the covers and centerfolds over the years. Great job Hef and Mr. Maloof!!
1	Mr Hefner would be apalled.Went to the Playboy Club on a Monday night.  Not so much to expect a hopping place, but to check it out for future visits to Vegas.  After waiting for 25 minutes, 15 minutes in the first location and 10 minutes out where we were sure we could be seen we still were unable to get anyone to take a drink order.  The two bunnies were more interested in talking to each other and standing around than serving any patrons.  They literally stood together and had a personal conversation without attending to anyone.  I then decided to go to the bar myself and ordered two dirty martinis (at $15 each) and began working my way back to our seat.  Lo and behold, 3 minutes or so after we got our own drinks we were actually approached and asked if we needed anything!  We managed to make our way through really bad martinis, my fault for ordering them dirty I guess, they must assume olive juice is a mixer like soda or something because they were so strong with olive juice they were nearly undrinkable.We decided to leave and stopped in the bathroom on our way out.  The bathrooms were disgusting.  There were paper towels all over the floor, the counters were covered in soap and water and the floors were sticky where they weren't slippery.What I can say positive about the experience is that they comped my fiancee the cover charge and the interior of the club is really pretty nice.  Best thing though is that our admission got us into the Ghost Bar where we met DJ Skyler in the elevator and expressed our discontent (without knowing who he was).  He took care of us and got us a reserved table and assured we had impeccable service the rest of the night.I think the Palms should be embarassed as to what they've let that club turn into.  It's clearly a sign of mis-management.  Drink prices and cover charge aside, which is standard for Vegas, the cocktail waitresses set the ambiance and attitude for the establishment and it's obvious they don't care.
5	I'm not real easy to impress but I do like this place a nice relaxed crowd a good selection of dance music and Beautiful Women Every ware! A must stop place for sure just be for warned drinks are not cheap!!! but you are in Vegas! surrounded by beautiful women! be aware they do have a dress code
4	Classay!Not what I'm used to in Vegas! Where are all the Ed Hardy and Affliction tee's? The Coach heels? Why are people wearing suit jackets and forgoing flammable hair extensions? WHAT????A nice departure, I gotta say. The Playboy Club is so much less hectic than the rest of the clubs in the Palms. A nice place to have drinks (the bartenders are quick and not a-holes) and enjoy the amazing view of all of Vegas. Good music and glam ambiance.
3	I think I liked Playboy more than Moon or Ghost Bar.  Maybe it was the big, red bunny logo beaming over the bar, or the set up of tables/couches/dance floor/outdoor patio... or maybe the fact that Playboy actually opens at 9... They played fun music to dance to (Top 40s/hip hop/pop) and the bartenders worked quickly to serve everyone (equally!!)  LOVE THE VIEW of the Strip from here!!It was the better club of the 3 in my opinion..
4	If you're headed to the Palms, do yourself a favor and get there a little early. Playboy is a great place to chill while waiting for the other clubs to open. The music is bumpin', the staff is helpful, and who can resist hot girls with bunny outfits on? Soooo tempting to reach out and squeeze one of those bunny tails ;) Great view, great decor too. Only downsides were that for having probably the best music out of the clubs in this hotel, the dance floor was itty bitty and full of fifty-somethings the night we went. Was kind of entertaining watching them dance though!  Will definitely hit this place again the next time we're in Vegas.
3	Minimum Age: 21+.Cost: ?Crowd: Mixed, 20-30's.Dress Code: Fashionable attire.Music: Top 40.Date Attended: 01/23/10, SaturdayA chill spot.  Nothing too memorable.  I had the 4 in 1 access to the Palms clubs so I went through but didn't stay long.  Don't take pictures of the bunnies or they'll glare at you and say that's a no-no!  :PPros: None.Cons: None.
2	I think my expectations were too high for Playboy Club so when I walked in I was a bit underwhelmed.I went on a Sunday night around 10PM (cover was free for ladies and $10 for gents).  When I went there were only two people manning the bar so it was really difficult to get a drink although my bartender was speedy and apologetic.  Love the view from both sides of the club!  So pretty!Music was good but I'd say Playboy Club is more for lounging and gambling than dancing.
4	Definitely a change from it's neighboring club known as Moon... Here you will NOT find a huge dance floor (no dance floor at all actually). You will not see any ghetto hoochies or Ed Hardy wearing douches. And you will actually get to have a conversation without yelling at the person next to you. Playboy club is definitely NOT a club, but rather a lounge with sexy bunnies serving you drinks and dealing your cards. There are couches to sit your bum on and if you aren't resting your bum you're playing the tables or walking around and mingling. It is most definitely a very chill place that you can easily escape to from the clubbing madness known as Moon, and you still get the awesome view.
1	This club is dead... usually filled with old women that are prob in their late 40's to 50's.  The bouncers like to carry girls out by grabbing their breast... it's soo funny.. I call one bouncer out on it and he said he can do what ever he wants.  Then a manly looking woman that was suppose to be the manager came out and said that person doesn't exist at this club but then the guy shows up hahaha!!!  She then will tell you this is private property and they have the rights to do what ever they want to people including raping and groping women  =/   That is a direct qoute... so drunk girls beware of bouncer laying on top of you when you sober up hahaha!!!!
3	It is an upscale lounge area with a dark feel and pretty girls in bunny outfits serving drinks and offcourse tables, sorry no $10 games here, $20 if you are there on an off-night.  Definitely a good little spot for you to chill or relax before/during/after hitting up the Moon.  My experience could have been better as the bartenders and servers were not on point, "Hi I want a drink, not 20 minutes later"
3	Drinks were good - a bit pricey for Vegas.Quiet environment with lots of memorabilia on the wall and gorgeous girls serving you.Played balckjack and got wiped out with no mercy - $50 minimum tables and the dealer was fast and heartless - my buddy and I lost our stakes in 5 minutes, never winning a hand. Would NEVER gamble there again.This is one of those places where you can say "been there, done that, not again"
4	This spot is chill when you want to relax a bit after partying hard at the Moon or Rain.  If you are a gambler, please stay away when you are drunk! lol  Most of the time being intoxicated and gambling might not be the best idea! They have blackjack and roulette available if you are itching for a hand or two.This place is definitely more loungy rather than a mega club.  I feel like you could actually meet some cool people on this floor of the club.  Plus, it's always cool for a break room to chill after dancing all night.Be back whenever I go clubbing at Palm's again but there are so many other choices!
4	I had a fantastic time at the Playboy Club. It was posh (by the fireplace) and the staff was EXTREMELY pleasant. I couldn't attempt to fill my drink without one of the bunnies hopping up and doing it for me.My table of four smoked cigars and enjoyed drinks all night long. When the place started filling up we had our own area that was kept clear of stragglers and mooches. When another friend dropped in with a gaggle of geese they were welcomed in past the long lines and made comfortable next to us.I'm not a gambler so I can't speak to that, but the music was good, the dancing space was adequate and the drink mixes were tasty and abundant. There were no extra charges or fees (not even for my unexpected guests). The price was good and the seating location was superb. I'd definitely consider The Playboy Club for another night out with the fellas.
3	This place was more like a lounge/mini casino without the slot machines. Aside from the beautiful women walking around in bunny suits, the playboy memorabilia all around also grabbed my attention. There isn't a dancefloor, but I did notice a lot of people dancing in and around their vip tables. This club is okay I guess, didn't really like the music playing. Same hype, played the usual top 40...nothing different. I mostly relaxed and watched the music videos that they played on the flatscreens. Not a cool spot to wild out and dance crazy because there's no space! Unless you want to dance on the card tables! My suggestion, fly to the MOON (the club upstairs).
4	The only bar/lounge where we could find a place to sit and you could get drinks pretty easily for a change!  They also have a dance floor and a decent amount of people were dancing so it was a pretty fun time.  It's not obnoxiously crowded like all the other bars.
2	Kind of like a realllly fancy strip club without the stripping. Interacting with these chicks will cost you men just as much.Too chill to be a real club. Too fancy and restrictive to be a chill spot.2 stars for the decor and view- great attention to detail.
2	Brigitte nailed it, and I don't want to drag on my review too much since she said it so succinctly. Playboy club is the spot where you stop if Moon (upstairs) is still closed, so around 10- 1030 pm.  Great views of the strip, and there are a few higher limit table games ($25+), such as blackjack and roulette. The atmosphere was pretty dead, though, and it really only serves as a way to kill time until Moon opens. 2 stars for the great view and the playboy bunny waitresses and dealers.
4	A relaxing place with some good lookin' Bunnies.Lots of sitting areas with massive windows with views of the strip. The Playboy Bunnies are all over the place and who can write anything about that?Good: Lots of comfy, soft seats.Bad: Gambling here is a little pricey.Final: Relax with some Bunnies.
4	We were there for Memorial Day weekend and went on Sunday night for my girls bday party. We got bottle service and Moon was actually closed that night. It was crowded but not ridiculously crowded. We had a lot of fun at our table and the DJ was great. The bunnies were very friendly and attentive. We had a great time. Great decor and views. I could see it being a very swag lounge in off peak times.
4	Seems to be better for bottle service than standing room. As many people have mentioned, it's like a holding zone for Moon. Good music, decent drinks.
3	well, playboy club is not a real club. it is more like a bar with an open space (what they call the "dance floor") where ppl just dance.the music was good, top 40s. Bunny girls all around but not many. about 10~20?drinks are expensive (like everywhere else), many couches (which only reserved people can sit), there are some chairs where you can relax but not that many. It has the most amazing strip view. Which is the BEST part! there is also few blackjack tables (can't remember if there was roulet table) minimun of $50 and $100. This club is good to relax and meet new people. If you want to go to a real club, go somewhere else. Playboy is like a relaxing lounge bar with great strip views.
4	The Playboy Club isn't the place to go if you're trying to dance wildly, and I'm giving it 4/5 stars because I wanted to dance wildly! Haha, I'm just kidding, but I did enjoy the atmosphere and decor of this club particularly because it was a place to sit back and that it was adorned with Playboy paraphernalia. In comparison to Moon and Rain (also in the Palms Towers), the Playboy Club's scene is more centered on the Bunnies and the card tables, but even then the music was good and I still had a fun time.There's a huge bar on one side of the lounge, in which the other three sides are window panes that exhibit more amazing sights of Las Vegas' city lights. Like I said before, the appeal of the Playboy Club is that the Bunnies are running/dealing at the games tables and that it serves as more of a laid-back Vegas club; meaning that the dance area is small! Also, the crowd here is a little older, so if you're looking to meet younger folks I'd suggest going to Moon or Rain.We actually went to down to the Playboy Club because Moon was SO crowded and our feet hurt, so we ended up sitting in someone's VIP section and weren't asked to move, that was pretty funny, haha.
3	I went pretty early (around 9?) so the club was pretty empty. I was by myself, so the doorman let me right in. There's a nice view of the Strip from the windows and the bunnies are cute, but man, did they look bored. I don't blame them. Standing around in high heels praying for someone to come play blackjack doesn't sound like my cup of tea.It looks like a great place to go later in the evening, maybe 11 or 12. There are card tables set up with bunny dealers and a bar at the end. It's small and there's no music or dance floor, so I guess it's a good place to hang out and chat with friends.
2	The Playboy club isn't really a club. It's more of an expensive place to gamble. All the girls are dressed up in bunny suits and I'm pretty sure the tables are on the high end. It's just a room basically, decorated in Playboy theme with tables to gamble. You can gamble in the casino without having to pay a cover charge. Moon, which is upstairs from Playboy is a dance club. I went here twice, once when it first opened and again over the 4th of July just to show a girlfriend what the place looked like. Honestly, I don't think any of the clubs at Palms is worth it... probably why there are barely/no waits to get into anything at Palms anymore. People have moved on to bigger and better clubs.
3	Can't afford VIP or gambling inside an upscale Hotel, so I'm giving it 3 stars. It's a nice spot to calm down and relax a little bit. Not really for dancing. The view is still nice since it's way up on  1 of the top floors of the hotel. I've gone here to rest my feet a little by sitting in the areas where there wasn't any bottle service that night
3	This is a place more to chill and gamble. It isn't really a hardcore dance club. It was much different from Moon, Rain, and Ghostbar.If you just want to relax and look at some pretty bunnies then this is the place to go.
4	Came here with my friend who was visiting from Colorado for a girls night out. We didnt have to pay and went to Moon after. The view is amazing! We ordered drinks..they were good. Thanks god cuz they were not cheap but it is the Playboy Club.At 10 we headed up to Moon cuz it was free champagne for the ladies.It was a must stop for my friend and we had a blast.Came back here with my hubby and he even enjoyed it. And when we were there  Martin Lawrence & his entourage showed up. Not exciting for me but alot of people were getting giddy over it.Its a must stop for any visitors.
2	Nice views.
4	Its a fun place fo' sho'! I love the bunny outfits and wished I could have one for my own closet! The guys in there are superyouknowwhat, I guess they expect you grab their hammocks and glutes after they buy two shots for $44 (no there are no diamonds in there, I checked!) and take you to their room... but oh well, just grab their butt, tell them how cute they are and you would love to, but you need to go tinkle first, grab your GF and run upstairs to Moon! :) All in all, the Palms clubs are all really great and you MUST go there! But dress good, and look good! At least visit the gym twice a week for more than 20 minutes :) if you get my drifteroo
4	Went back here with a girlfriend, who enjoyed meeting and taking pictures with the bunnies. The drinks are pretty weak and definitely overpriced, but at least there's space to stand and chat in. I noticed a tiny bit of dance floor this time, but it's not really that type of club. It's more mature, laid-back and actually possible to see across the room.
4	We had a group of couple go to the Playboy Club with bottle service.  Having the ability to visit the four different clubs at the Palms was a bonus.  We only made it to the Playboy Club and Moon, but that's all we needed.  The Playboy Club is more of a chill lounge, while Moon was the dance club.  The Playboy waitresses were HOT, and friendly.  Our wives had a great time.  Definitely will do this again when we are all in Vegas again...
3	Gambling in a club, what a great idea.  Former playmates, Min table $50, another great idea...for the casino.  Went on a sat night, dealers are or were playmates, were average in looks compared to the girls in LV ).  The place is kind of small but thats ok.  The club was rated #1 in one of the travel channels rankings but i disagree.  the views outside are nice as well as decor.  have fun leaving cause it may take a while.
2	Did have high expectations about this place. Props for the awesome setup with the gaming tables & playboy dealers once you walk in. Definitely were easy on the eyes. The crowd was small and was more of a lounge atmosphere. Not too bad as a lounge but don't expect a "Club" atmosphere.
3	Located in the Fantasy Tower below Moon in the Palms Casino/Hotel, this is purportedly the only Playboy club in existence, where young ladies dressed as bunnies man the tables and bars and try to chat with you. Definitely a relaxed night club, but a bit spendy.There are little gaming tables here, too, manned by the bunnies, so that is fun. Views here are great, but it is all in-doors. Overall a nice place to grab a drink and relax, nothing crazy here on the nights we popped by, maybe better on Fridays?
4	Was here this past Sunday/Monday to close out my Vegas trip and it was well worth it. Definitely has the Vegas feel, like you're partying on top of the world with views of the city all around you. The music was awesome, drinks were good, although for some reason they weren't letting anyone else sit at the tables anymore so my cousin and I planted our butts at the video blackjack games and kept winning money. Amazing!Even more amazing was getting to meet and take a picture with Pauly Shore. The minute we heard he was there, my cousin and I scrambled to find him and we did. I'm sure he thought we were crazy, but whatever, it's Vegas! The Playboy Club made the end to our trip amazing. I would definitely come here again.
2	probably the weakest club that i have been to in vegas. we came on a sunday night because we got in for free and we were told it was popular. boy were we wrong, we should have stuck with our original plan to go to XS. the place barely filled up. it seemed more like a gambling lounge, which guys would love. there were tables for blackjack and poker and pretty girls in sexy bunny outfits dealing the cards. we did leave and came back past 12 it still was not crackin here. but we still were able to have some fun and found some cute guys to hang with.we also got 3 comped drinks if you enter their playboy club model search. they dont let you know that until you fill out the paper and you have to take several head shots for them. but i guess it is worth the comped drinks.
5	One of the coolest lounges to chill and hang out for drinks and gamble surrounded by nice girls. Main reason I like playboy club is because it is what it is. You see women around coming in and out. Every month it holds a Calendar Model Search contest for Miss Playboy Club of the month. Guys check out this contest. Some of the hottest women participate. I just love this night :)Located on the 52nd floor, Playboy Club offers beautiful sexy bunnies dealing you cards, expensive well made drinks, fantastic view of the vegas skyline, celebrity sightings and great music yeah the DJ here knows his stuff. Whether you come up here to gamble or just kick it, you sure to have a great time. This is a lounge/casino/mini club all in one that has its own style. Spend sometime at Playboy before taking the escalator up to Moon Nightclub and continuing the party.Heads up guys... look sharp. Can't go wrong with a nice suit or blazer, Ed Hardy won't do up here. You're at the playboy club!
4	I had way too much fun at this club. I love the lil bunnies and upstairs the music is bumping. This guy who worked there took my girlfriend and way upstairs to the outdoor deck and the view was amazing! Hugh Heff was having a party there the night we went- so that was pretty cool!
2	Arrived here on a Sunday night where there was barely anyone in the club. A handful of people were on their way down as we were ascending up, which should have been an indication.Pros:Free coverAWESOME view up top w/ glass wallsDecent musicVariable crowdOpen Sunday nightsJeans + Jordans gets in (not so strict with dress code for guys)Cons:Dead on Sunday nightsMoon was closedWait for elevatorPlayboy Club was not crackin at all but I would give this place another shot, maybe go on one of their good nights. Until then the club kinda sucked when I was there, but the view that high is worth seeing.
5	As a male, I will try my hardest *snicker* to remain objective in this review. But the Playboy Club has a place in my heart for a couple reasons: I've won there before, it's proximity to Moon nightclub, and great bartenders. When I head out to the Palms, I always pay the $60, getting the no line bracelets to all the clubs, which eliminates the whole waiting in line experience...worth every penny. I totally recommend doing this.This always gets me to Playboy Club that much quicker. Okay, off of the elevator you will definitely notice one thing THE HOT FREAKIN GIRR.....i mean...the dark red and black decor. It reminds me of an homage to old school Las Vegas clubs with a modern twist. The views are gorgeous up here, the drinks are reasonably priced, and the service is impeccable. The dealers are dressed as playboy bunnies, always very...................................HOT, unless they're taking your money. Friendly, beautiful, talkative...all the greatness you'd expect.Upon my last visit, it happened to be a Latina beauty contest. Made my losing a grand SO MUCH more pleasurable.Give Playboy Club a try, ladies and men alike. I promise, there's something in it *snicker* for everyone.
3	There's such an aura about Playboy and we thought it'd be a great place to see and be seen.  I hate saying that the Playboy Club is a let down because the view of the Vegas skyline is amazing, the club is very swanky and the drinks were strong.  Here's my beef with this place... it's frikin' tiny!  We arrived just in time for it to seem a bit empty (around 10pm) but with-in minutes, we were shoulder to shoulder and it felt more like an Irish Pub rather than a cool swanky lounge.  The drinks were pretty stout but get ready to pay above average Vegas prices.  If you're thinking of gambling, they do have a few tables but all of them are at least $100 minimum!  My overall suggestion-- start out early here, grab a drink and then head to another bar before it gets jammed with the Jersey Shore crew.  Do check it out if you haven't been, just don't make a night of it... you'll be let down.
3	Bottom line: head to the Playboy Club if you are nostalgic for your Dad's old Playboys.  Otherwise, this town has a lot better to offer (with a lot more skin if that's your thing).More casino than nightclub, the Playboy Club pretty much survives on brand name alone.  Well, that and the women.  PC is pretty stylish--a leather couch or two, fireplaces fronted with hanging chains, red lit back backdrops in the shape of a playboy bunny.  You get the idea.  This could be a really nice club to hang out in, but PC made the schizophrenic decision to be two things in one--a casino and a club.  Casino tables cover the main floor--blackjack, craps and roulette.  It all feels very disjointed to me and cramped since most of the space is reserved for the gambling and there are few seats that aren't at the tables.  So if you're not headed there for the gambling, it will likely be a short visit.  There's not enough space for dancing and the bars get crowded quickly.Most of the people I take here are from out of town and male.  The visiting males seem to go head over heels for the bunny outfit.  The waitresses and the casino table workers are dressed in the classic Playboy bunny outfit.   I'll admit it.  I don't get it.  This is Vegas.  We have attractive women everywhere and any club will be staffed with obscenely gorgeous women, many wearing less than the bunny outfit.  Maybe it's because the bunny outfit is a classic.  Shrug.
4	After dinner at Nove Italiano, we headed up to the Playboy Club.  The music was good and we had a few drinks.  It was a little crowded that night. We didn't stay long but I was happy to see the playboy bunnies.  Satisfied my curiosity.  Check it out if you can.
4	I'm a huge reality-TV whore, so when I saw the Girl's Next Door go to the Playboy Club in one episode, I HAD TO GO!It's not your typical nightclub, it's what people in the 1960s considered a nightclub. To us living in 2010, it's a lounge/card club with pretty women dressed up in the traditional Playboy bunny costume serving you drinks or dealing your cards. When I went the DJ was playing great music. There is an unofficial dancefloor, but it was basically empty. I loved the theme and the ambiance, but my girls and I didn't stay for long. There are plenty of tables and a nice fireplace, but I didn't go to Vegas to cupcake,....I went to dance. Of course, my friends and I went picture-crazy in there. The bathrooms here are cool, because each stall has a centerfold on the door in a transparent glass-type portrait and the wallpaper is of former playmates....and basically all naked women who have been in the magazine.I thought that was cool. I'm sure the fellas going to the restroom take a little extra time in there. *wink*If you haven't read my other posts on club entry at the Palms please do! I recommend buying a wristband allowing you entry to all the clubs there or finding a promoter who offers the same thing but FREE for women. Save yourself from the bogus cover and lines.
3	I probably shouldn't be writing a review on this seeing as I was so plastered the entire time i was there. There's a lot I don't remember...however, I DO remember that it seemed to have an older crowd (late twenties to mid thirties). There wasn't really much of a dance floor but me and all my girls were pretty drunk so we made one. I have to say the bathrooms were pretty cool. They were gold and sparkly and had naked women on the doors haha. Again, I was WASTED so perhaps I just thought it was cool because I was drunk. It was a nice, classy place but there are plenty of places that are WAAAY more fun in Vegas!
3	Imagine playboy mansion without any attractive women... This place. Beautiful view, awesome atmosphere, $9 a drink, we left after the first round... Go to the comedy club, skip the club IMHO
4	playboy was nice. more of a lounge then a club. DJ was awesome and a really nice guy. played good music. the place has table games and a cool bar. blackjack minimum was $50 though not for the budget gambler.will go back again.
3	If I go out to a night club in Vegas I would prefer to come to the Playboy Club/Moon. There is plenty of room and lots to keep you occupied. In the PB club, there are two bars and more light than Moon...which is nice if you want to see anything. I never sit at the tables because the minimums can be $50-$100 depending on the night. They do allowing dancing towards the back of the club but typically there are only a handful of people who do so...typically everyone moves upstairs. The biggest downside to this club is that it's no longer the "trendy" spot to be and its off the strip. So unless you are staying at the Palms its a long cab ride over. Also the people who come here now aren't going to be the trendy gorgeous type who are at the other clubs. If you also decide to leave when everyone else does, be prepared to wait 30 minutes or more. The only way in or out is through an elevator and you have to wait in line with a bunch of drunken idiots who push and pull to get onto it.
4	This was a GREAT time.. We had a business event at 'Rain' which was ok, but this ended the night.First, there are a LOT of prostitution in there, which was fun just to talk to and then send them packing.. The neatest thing here was occasional 'street dancer' performance on the balcony. Good fast drinks, big dancefloor, and a great time...
2	It's not a nightclub it's a small casino w/ really dim/dark lighting and boring crowd!.Music was good but a tiny cheap,empty looking dance floor.felt like i was in a home library..i just wanted to fall asleep!.Anyways we left after 15 boring minutes and went to ghostbar which was way livelier.
3	The women were gorgeous and not stuck up and the roulette table was fun!  It had a relaxing atmosphere.  If you are gambling the drinks are free (like most places in Vegas).  If you aren't, a Corona and Red Bull and vodka will cost ya 25 bucks.  Bounces were a bit rude.  All in all, a 3.5 experience.Interesting note: Snooker was there that night.
4	I had my reservations about the Playboy Club since I don't really envision Playboy as the classiest company possible but I was proven wrong. The atmosphere was really quite fun and even I did not find the women in bunny costumes as annoying as I thought I would. Although the dance floor is pretty small it was packed and there were also a number of places to sit as well.
2	This place is overrated.  $20 cover charge.  Bunnies at the table dealing cards. Just a lounge.
3	Older crowd here. They have a few slots machines and poker/roulette tables set ups. Waitresses are dressed like the bunnies! Friday night crowd at about midnight was pretty light. We paid $40 pp for a pass that got us into rain, ghost bar, playboy lounge, and moon for the entire night.
4	very classy place! got in through the VIP guestlist. love the decor. there were gaming tables as you entered and a bar at the end with a nice view of the strip. pretty bunnies walking around the club and dealing at the tables. the ladies room was awesome...they have playboy pics plastered all over the walls. the doors to the stalls even have naked ladies on them in the front....you get the view from behind as you go into the stall. we went there on a sunday night during a long weekend and surprisingly no one was there. drink prices weren't too bad...$10 for a vodka/soda which is actually cheap for vegas. i'd come back.
3	I saw this place more as an area I needed to walk through to get to moon than an independent club. Waiting in line to get up there even at 1am on a Tuesday night the lobby downstairs was packed but there was absolutely no one in there. Maybe 20 to 30 people tops and it feels more like a casino lounge than anything, a very nice looking one but don't go there if moon isn't open, not worth the cover. It was so dead there wasnt even staff working the table games.
2	It's true what they say. Women are so hard to please!Here's a perfect example. Here I am complaining that Tao is just way too crowded, too many people bumping into you. Well we got here, and there was NO crowd. Sure this place is probably good for people who are claustrophobic, but this place is just not for me! No one dancing? Am I in Vegas or what???
4	Had a great time here.  The girlfriend and I bought a pass to get into all the places at the Palms and this was our favorite.  If you're worried about girls wearing next to nothing the playboy outfit covers more then most go-go dancers.  It was much easier to find a seat then Ghostbar.  You can sit at the slots and not gamble!  It was less crowded then Moon, and just all around better than Rain.Also, people watching here is amazing.  Watching all the guys hit on the bunnies and then all the girls eyeballing the bunnies is so fun.  If you go MAKE SURE YOU GO TO WWW.JACKCOLTON.COM and take advantage of his direct contacts.  I paid $60 to get into all the bars, and it was free for the girlfriend.  On top of that we got to go to the VIP lines which were actually a lot shorter then I thought they were going to be. The drinks are spendy, but the same as any other hot las vegas spot.  A Miller Lite and a rail vodka lemonade was $20.
2	I don't pay for anything when I come here.Playboy Club is okay.I would rather go to another place though.The only reason I may come back would be for the attractive women who work there.That's about it.I don't plan on going back.
4	Didn't hang out for long BUT the playboy bunny girls dealing at the tables were the CUTEST things EVER.
1	Famously inept DJs, remarkably weak drinks, and likely the biggest SAUSAGE PARTY in Vegas outside of the Sahara gay bars.
4	I just loved the ladies in their iconic Playboy Bunny costumes.  This is a must stop for a photo op.  If you actually want to drink here, be prepared to pay out some serious cash.
3	It's cool, it's trendy and classic at the same time, but it just wasn't popping when we came here on a Sunday night. It might be much more busy on other nights, but I wasn't there those other nights so I couldn't tell you.Afterwards he headed over to Moon and Ghostbar which were far more lively.The view from all 3 was spectacular. If you plan to go to Ghostbar, be sure to check out the temperature since the outdoor patio was freezing at night. Even though it was cold, the patio was still packed with people wanting to take pictures of the Vegas night lights.
3	It was ok but didnt meet my expectations,,,, small place,,, the girls could have been prettier,,, this seat reserved this table reserved.. Been  there done it.. No repeat
4	Got in for free while registered for the posing audition, so no complain.I posed today!PS: Get a brazilian wax if you plan to pose nude. See my list where I get it done in Northern California.
3	Eh.  Hard to write anything more that can describe it any better.  It's an average hotel bar with pretty wait staff, gambling tables, and a decent atmosphere.  It was highly hyped to me.  It shouldn't have been.  It is the very essence of "EH".
2	I felt like a little girl here. Cougars galore (also, whats older than cougars? Because they were there too) or maybe they aren't really cougars since there weren't any young guys for them to be hunting, but they were that age group.Came here with my boyfriend, we're in our late 20s, and we just went upstairs to Moon since we felt so young. I suggest not coming here if you don't like the older crowd.
2	I don't know what it is about these damn Playboy bunnies, but I always seem to have a problem with the Playboy Club. A few years ago, I was completely sober (well, maybe I had 1 or 2 drinks, haha) BUT I was still NOT drunk. I think a combination between the food and acidic drinks, I had to pay homage to the toilet. Somebody called security and kicked me out saying I was puking from being hammered! Redunkulous!! I also remember having to buy double shots at this place because their drinks were so watered down. My last trip, I was staying at the Palms and they were giving us a hard time about getting in. We were in line then they make us get out of line to get some "admittance cards" so we didn't have to pay and then after we cleared that all up, the lady was being a biatch. Yes, I had to open my mouth and let her know it too... luckily, my friends scooted me fast before I caused any real problems. lol. So when we get in, again, I'm feeling the vibe and energy is just "alright" but my friends hadn't been there and wanted to check it out so I went with it. A few of us went to the blackjack table and they gave one of my friends a hard time because the dealer thought we were sharing chips then started saying my friend had to play our hands too... needless to say, more bullllshit. So we leave and go to Moon where we had a much more kick ass time - and at least they had a little outdoor patio with some breathing room. Playboy Club is my least favorite club at all of the Palms.
2	Boring!  There was only like 10 people in there when we were there on a Friday night.  The playboy bunny bar was pretty cool though.  Really overpriced black jack tables with bunnies running them.  Fun to see but if you can't get in for free like we did I wouldn't go.
1	Was not really impressed with Playboy Club. We stopped by because we had free admission and it was worth checking out but definitely not what I was expecting or my cup of tea. It was very loungey and looked like an smoking lounge for old men, especially with the bunnies milling about. The music was great and I think you would have to try out to see if you are going to dig it.
2	Thanks Yelp. I was looking for the words to describe this place and Meh seems fitting.Playboy club is located under Moon at the Palms. We got in for free thanks to the promoter hookup we got. First you can't take glassware from Moon down to Playboy. Security will take your glass and transfer the contents over to a plastic cocktail cup making you feel like you are a four year old when all of the big kids downstairs have real glassware.There are a couple of tables here to gamble along with some video poker machines at the bar in the back of the club. The atmosphere here is relaxed and seems to cater to an older (40+) crowd. the bunnies here looked miserable, and complained about working. YOU ARE A PLAYBOY BUNNIE!! For the love of god TRY to be happy!I wouldn't come back here if I had to pay to get in, Playboy is rather small, though intimate. There is limited seating available here, and little to no dancing. Stick to here if you want to be able to hear your date and have a relaxing time. Go somewhere else if you are looking to party it up.
4	Cool Place to hang out, The night I was there ( My birthday ) was there with 6 friends, and got the vip club pass with open bar at The PB club . Bartenders were very cool,  The DJ was playing some great Rock & roll, not the usual techno crap. Had A great time . only thing is I would not gamble there . you want to gamble go downstairs.
4	This was one of the clubs we were able to get in free and had a great time. The decor was cool and it was spaciouls enough that you didnt feel like you were being trampled over. There was still a lot of stench of cigarette smoking.  We were there on a Saturday night and the music was pumping. They played a mixture of R&B, Hip Hop, pop and club music.  There were very few places to sit unless you were paying the big bucks for the bottles at the "VIP" tables that stayed mostly empty throughout the night. The drinks were highway robbery at $16 but what do you expect in Vegas.
3	came on a friday night...was dead. loved the atmosphere/decor minus the gambling tables. didnt really stay that long to have a drink or experience the music. i would definitely give it a second chance though...maybe on a saturday night.
4	The Playboy Club in Las Vegas has a great view, and great atmosphere. The only problem is that it was a long wait outside the club.
3	Went to the PC a few days ago. The atmosphere was good, decor good, and the bunnies were mostly gorgeous. The blonde bartender who worked on  10-14-2011 was probably 1 of the most beautiful girls I had seen all weekend in Vegas, let alone just at the club. ( you know who you are). Both bartenders were very good at bar tending. However ( and this is the reason it didn't get an extra star), the drink prices are crazy. A fu fu drink for the wife, and a red bull and vodka was $36. Yeah, I typed that right. $20 for the fu fu, and $16 for the RB and Vodka. Not a good way to start the night. At least the drinks were strong. After I paid, and once the blood pressure went down, I started to enjoy it there. I didn't gamble there at the few tables they had ( this minimums at the tables were high too).Music was current dance music. The view was amazing, and the bunnies attitudes were ok. However, there wasn't an abundance of bunnies. I think 2 or 3 more on staff would be beneficial. Oh, and make sure you wear comfy shoes. No sitting unless you want to pay for table service. I don't know how much it was to rent the company of the bunnies, but I saw 1 plastered dude who was paying enough to have 2 bunny dates for the evening.At 1 point, 2 knockout girls started dancing on the go go stages.Holy shit they were hot, and wearing next to nothing. They were very friendly, letting women on stage to dance with them for a photo shoot.At 11:00, the moon opened up upstairs, and there was a mass exodus to that club.I'd go back there if I ever found myself at the Palms, but I'd be filling up on drinks somewhere else first.
2	This place was not somewhere I would ever go again. I was pretty excited to go here. My friends who live in Vegas had advised against it, but I still wanted to see what it was all about. It was pretty lame. There was no dancing to speak of and we literally walked in, took a picture in front of the sign and left. There was a bunch of older guys which kind of makes sense because who wants to visit a Playboy location more than 50 something men. I wouldn't go here if you are looking for dancing or even just a fun hang out.
4	I remember everything up until those four gulp tequila shots. That's when the night gets blurry. I just wished this was London or the 60s. Or both.Oh and I wished that Dimitri From Paris was DJing. Snap!
2	Amazing decor! And with BJ and good music playing, why is this club so lame? I literally walked in and out. The Palms hotel needs to think about the fact that they have 4 very well-equipped nightclubs capable of each  being the LIFE of the town but it's missing that umph, that pizzazz, that je na sai qua (terrible spelling).  Their clubs seriously have the best and most original concepts thus far; the Palms has the ability to bring them back to life. With their all-access pass, they must understand that people move in and out of their clubs in order to see all of them BUT each club individually needs to be able to compel a customer to stay, to lure them in, to pleasurably entrap them. And clearly, even naked women is NOT the answer. I wanted to dance the night I came and very few people were dancing in this small club (which I happened to believe was going to be big before I actually saw it). So, this club has the goods but the goods needs some magical sprinkle dust. The club has barily clad women, original concepts, gaming options, good music, cool beverages, amazing decor (though a small venue), they have all of that down. What are they missing? What do Vegas addicts crave? What do nightclub fiends desire? What does even the average hotel patron want? NEW! They want New. I would not suggest starting all over because the mold is there. But you have to re-NEW the place and thus re-market as well. You have to bring both new and old faces in. Try different ideas out first and see how customers respond. Get bunnies...and maybe even chippendales that dance...possibly even dance with the patrons (in appropriate ways of course).  Get even better music. Good food, perhaps? Ask employees to come to the club at night and dance and mingle energetically. Anything different. Bring the ENERGY back!
4	I always get in for free here. The table games draw my guy friends in here, along with the hottie bunnies that are running around. I hear this spot is going to be closed down sometime soon. So, that's one reason we paid this spot a visit. The club was exactly as I remembered it from my last visit. The club is tiny. The bars in the back are super packed. The bartenders are beautiful and are a good pour. There are some tables here but you may as well do bottles if you want a place to sit all night. There is a bar near the elevators that take you back down to the entrance. The bartender there is fond of me and always makes some great suggestions. He has been there for a few now and he's also another reason that I always return. The bar is BLING and I wish I had a wall like that at home with my name strewn across it. DAMN!! That's VEGAS!  The music is pretty much all new and old hip hop. The crowd here is definitely more diverse here than it is at say XS, Surrender, or Marquee. I love the diversity! I like the lounge feeling of it all. IT's a place to come and play, drink, and be seen.  There are NO gogo dancers or anything like that. The decor is amazing and so are the shots of patron. Can you say not 2 gulps but more like 4, or 5 if you gulp small. haha.
4	Definitely a place that you want to go to if you just want to sit, chill, gamble and lounge around looking at beautiful bunnies.  It's not the place to go if you want to break it down until your knees hurt and your quads tremble.  The decor is really nice and the atmosphere seemed sharp.
3	This place is pretty self explanatory. It's not a favorite nightlife spot for me, exactly. I usually come here before Moon or after Nove or as another stop in addition to whatever else I'm doing at the Palms. The decor is gorgeous, it's free for local girls, it's usually not too busy. It's definitely somewhere I bring my friends who want to see something really Vegas-y.
4	The Playboy Club was the highlight of our night last night. I've always preferred Ghostbar, but last night the Playboy Club was THE party spot. The music was awesome and the energy was just flowing unlike the other nightclubs we hit up. The crowd (us) made our own dance floor and it quickly became PACKED! There must have been over 100 people dancing between the tables. It's not really a nightclub, more like a gaming lounge. The Playboy Club is pretty tiny and the bar is always packed. It's a great spot to meet up for a few drinks before heading to Moon upstairs.Located near the top of the hotel, the views are simply stunning. I didn't even notice many bunnies, other than the dealers and the servers, but there weren't very many of them.
4	I know im being nice with the stars. Well we had high expectaions for this place but we still had a good time. Sure enough there were bunny dealers. The music was great! The dance floor was great. Sadly there was a small crowd considring it was Vegas and all. We were the party lol we had fun thoughand then left because the crowd was older and we felt out of place. But overall we still had fun.
2	All I can say is, somewhere out there, Hugh Hefner is crying tears of sadness because of this club.(Note- the word "club" is definitely a misnomer for this place. Read on.)But 3.5 stars for a Vegas club? Maybe I went on a bad night...--the music... was whatever. Granted, it was hip-hop, but it really wasn't anything memorable. It was definitely not like XS or Pure where 1) roofs are raised, 2) we went to the window and to 3) the wall, and 4) sweat did drip down some balls. --the club... was was whatever. Pretty, but what Vegas club isn't pretty? There's a dance floor in the middle, but there are SO many couches and lounge areas around the club that people seem to just like sitting around instead of dancing!! But hey, maybe that's because....-the drinks were SO expensive!!! Do you think your customers are ballers? Please. Then they wouldn't be at the Playboy Club!There were SOME good things about this place though: amazing decor and really good view.
1	I cant believe they even call this a club its just a glorified gambling whole.  If you are looking to go to a club just go to marquee
2	Ditto on my review of Rain
2	We bought one of those special VIP passes for the Palms that allowed us to go to Ghost Bar, The Playboy Club, Moon, and Rain.  I was told by a friend beforehand that we would probably end up making a short appearance here, and then duck out within 15 minutes.  He couldn't have been more right.Theoretically, the nice thing about the VIP pass (besides the cost, which incidentally wasn't even worth it) is the fact that it gives you the ability to enjoy four supposedly distinct experiences.  Unfortunately, that was simply not the case.  To set this place apart, it could have been turned into a super-chill lounge where people could come to enjoy a scotch and a cigar.  Instead, this was basically a typical gaming lounge, stocked with a few Playboy bunny dealers (who, incidentally, were also dealing on the ground floor of the Palms casino) and a small dance floor.  I get the feeling that the people who built this had no idea what they wanted to do with it.If you have the VIP pass that includes this place, then you might as well make an appearance, but don't expect to stay entertained for too long.
4	First walk into Playboy Club you like ohhhh nice setup! I guess its more so a lounge to just kinda hang out and have drinks until your ready to go dance...well not the case! Even though there isn't much room on the dance floor people were dancing EVERYWHERE on a Thursday night!  Now, I would like to take a Lil bit of credit cause me and my boys where the first ones out there getting it KRUNK! but I give 95% of the credit to the DJ cause ol boy kept the party jumping! It was just our first night in Vegas so we couldn't spend all our time here but BOY WAS IT HARD TO LEAVE!!..4 stars from me! The view of Vegas from this club is amazing and everyone there was dressed to impress on a Thursday night! Only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars was because of the bouncer...he was being a  D*CK!l Dude we have free passes so why you still trying to make us pay!!?   Still got in FREE PUNK!!...BAD BOY TAKE THAT!!!...lol
4	It's really too bad this place will be closing soon.  The space was really upscale, but comfortable, and the Bunnies were super sweet.  We only stayed for about an hour drinking martini's at the blackjack table before heading up to Moon - but we should've stayed longer.  I'm so glad I got to experience this place before they move on from the Palms.
4	Loved it, cuz, its the Playboy club. Views amazing. I was there for a conference so I didn't have to stand in line, don't know if there's a cover...I didn't get the full effect.  Was there right when they opened so, my rating is for ambience,decor etc. The drink was like $14 bucks but it was so strong so, for me it equalled 2.5x. Good liquor an didn't need another for rest of the night. Didn't have bottle service, but the seating was set up for it. The cons, the elevator!! Squished in, an takes forever, (it's on a high floor) and there's no where to chill (w/o service) and its pretty small so not really room for dancing...they played cool RnB music. If u can do bottle service an u want a nice, dimly lighted place to take you're boo, it's cool. If u wanna dance, go to the other clubs. I was there end of March.
2	This "club" is very small and not the best place, but is entertaining.  It can get packed really quick.  It's pretty small and more like a Lounge with a small dance floor.  I'm not a big fan of this over-rated place
3	We needed access to the Playboy Club for our bunny in a scavenger hunt so we asked if we could just go upstairs for a quick photo.  We were given access and walked in at 9:20pm.  Really nice staff but the bunnies declined to pose tail first when I asked.  Boo.  It's too bad that their contract with the Palms is up so the Playboy Club will be relocating elsewhere on the LV strip.
4	If you're at all interested in Playboy, then this place is a must see. The decor is great, as well as everything else. The bathrooms are incredible, covered all over with playboy images. The leather couches and all really make you feel like you're in a place that a younger Hugh Hefner would love to be, but with nice modern touches. The views are also great. I think the only thing that's stopping me from giving it a 5 star rating is that I don't know how non-Playboy fans would feel about the bar and because I wish you could play lower stakes in the games because I had to budget high just to play here and couldn't play for very long. All the bunnies who work the Club are cute and sweet. As one of the only women at the table, I didn't feel like they were just there to flirt with men but truly there to entertain everyone. I also am new to gambling and some dealers are condescending about that but both bunnies we had were really sweet about it and even helped me play.
2	What happened to this place! This used to be a great club to gamble and party. I don't know if this is a sign of what is going on at the Palms, but this place was as dead as the hotel itself. Good to hear that this place will be opening elsewhere. The new owners of the Palms are trying to squeeze profit rather than build the casino back to where it was. Place is only getting worse.
2	What no bunnies? What no gambling tables? Guy bartenders? Did I miss something? We were cruising the Clubs at the Palms after having dinner at Nove Italiano. Visions of my fathers times took us up the escalator to the Playboy Club with visions of Bunnies dancing in my head. The hottest thing in the club was the bathroom that had pictures of decades of bunnies from wall to wall. Many of which I remember from my youth -"when it was cool to read". We actually went through the club twice once at 10:30pm and again at midnight. There was only one bunny on the floor and she was being overwhelmed by tourist trying to get a picture with her. I asked the bartender what happened to the gambling table? He said they took them out a few weeks ago. Oh, did I mention this was Friday night and the place was dead! Since we we're comp'd and didn't have to pay any covers for all the clubs I'd try it again--but next time I want to see more bunnies!!!!
4	It's a nice chill lounge. It wasn't busy when I went there on a friday night but I bet it gets crowded most of the time. It's not a club, that's upstairs but this is a good place to sit down, have a drink, enjoy good company and check out some playboy bunnies. It definitely gives a sexy playboy vibe which is why I like it. Plus as mentioned above there is a club upstairs. You pay admission and you get into both places. The club newmoon is one of my favorites. Without that club on top I'd probably give this a 3 star rating, but I see them both as the same place so 4 stars it is!. Definitely worth checking out.
5	If this club is actually closed, its a sad day for vegas...one of the best clubs I have ever been in the US, Bunnies galore, probably the closest I'll ever get to one again, and the best dance club/view in the city...balling.
