4	You could not ask for a more non-descript exterior for a restaurant.  It is more than plain, it is nearly non-existent.  But the food, goodness gracious, the food is huge.We ordered the "Hungry Man" breakfast and split it.  Well, we could have taken the entire family and fed them all on these portions!  Two huge pancakes, two eggs, some of the best sausage I have had in Arizona--not those dehydrated, tiny little links, but moist, yummy sausage links.  The ham was enough for a ham and eggs breakfast--we both had some and there was some left over!   Two slices of bacon, country potatoes and toast.  Wow.  Breakfast was a bit slow in coming out, so they brought us a poppyseed roll--made on premises.  This woman can bake!  Yummmmy.....Now, the place is new and having a few hiccups.  There was no tea, and they ran out of sourdough bread for the toast.  But our waiter (son of the owners) was gracious in his explanations, and took great care of us.  They will get their ordering system down, and the orders will flow more smoothly.  For a few months being open though, I was amazed at the  job they did!   Awesome!  It's great to support a small family business, even better when the product is awesome.  May this be the first of many wonderful yelp reviews!
2	My wife has wanted to eat here since she first saw their sign. So- The Iced Tea was either instant, bottled, or incompetently brewed. In any case it rates an F.Wifey's Pulled Pork Sandwich bun was softer than a fine dinner roll and fell apart on her first pickup so she tossed the bun. The pulled pork was, as the menu stated, smothered in BBQ sauce- that came from a bottle. FF Potatoes were hot & quite tasty. But what's with one small slice of tomato?My Cajun Grilled Chicken sandwich was Ok for a chicken sandwich. There was no Cajun to it. Someone needs to run over to New Orleans and taste a real one. OK, Houston's closer or maybe Casa Grande will fit the budget better. Had the one slice of tomato issue, too. Oh, for a "gourmet" restaurant, food is served in plastic and paper. OMG! Hope this place survives despite the loss of our business. I predict that it will not be here very long.There were a lot of cars there for the the number of patrons eating while we were there. Strange.
4	When a relatively small city like Maricopa gets a new restaurant, people are going to be talking a lot about the new dining options. In the months since Helen's opened I've heard lots of opinions...the general consensus was great food, hit-or-miss service, and "meh" decor. After breakfast with the family at 9am on a Sunday, I can say that the verdict on the food was spot on, the service was better than advertised, and the decor wasn't what I went there for in the first place (nothing fancy, but certainly more clean and bright than Headquarters). We walked in and were seated immediately. "Thing 1" ordered biscuits & gravy while "thing 2" had the mini pancakes kids meal. I tried to talk husband into ordering the tri-tip so I could steal a taste from his plate, but he went with the chicken fried steak & eggs. I had the veggie delight omelet and asked if it would be possible to try a sample of the tri-tip since I've heard such great reviews of it. Our server (Jake) started grinning and said absolutely! He proceeded to tell us all about the tri-tip, even bragging that he butchers it! There's something special about a place where people take real pride in what they do. The food didn't take nearly as long as I had been warned it might. It was obviously freshly made, from scratch. No over-prepped components or just-add-water ingredients. My veggies were all fresh and it was obvious they were seasoned before putting in my omelet....this shouldn't be a big deal but too many places overlook these important details. Husband's food was so good that after one bite he proclaimed, "yeah, we'll definitely be back." The kids' meals met the same quality standards. So the food was every bit as delicious as I'd heard, the tri-tip sample was juicy and really nicely seasoned...but what really impressed me was the efforts they made to provide great service. Jake wasn't particularly "polished" as a server, but he was warm, genuine, and enthusiastic. While I will still continue to patronize other Maricopa restaurants, the fact that Helen's has obviously listened to early criticisms and understands the importance of caring for their customers will have me returning more often. I'm already planning to try the "Winter Visitor"....I've hungrily listened to friends' descriptions of poutine and want to try this twist that uses mozzarella instead of the cheese curds I've heard are traditional. As we left (about an hour after we arrived), another server waved goodbye to us and said optimistically, "We'll see you soon for dinner!" Yes. You. Will.
2	We had high hopes for this relatively new restaurant, but we left disappointed.  After hearing all the hype about "Helen's famous tri-tip sandwich!!!", that's what we ordered.  The Works, actually.  We both really liked them.  It was downhill from there.  All the beans were drowning in liquid, my 'rice pilaf' tasted ok, but it was really sticky, and looked like regular white rice with seasoning.  The kids hardly ate their pathetic-looking chicken bites.  Definitely not worth $6 each.About halfway through, Lupe, the woman who seated us offered to bring us some rolls.  We liked them, and I made the mistake of asking her for more biscuits after a while.  I meant to say rolls, but before I could correct myself, she snapped back with "Those are not biscuits, biscuits are for breakfast.  Those are rolls." Ohhhkay... I think I understand now! I was pretty insulted, and instantly lost my appetite.Eventually, we received our check, only to discover that they had overcharged us.  We both added up the total several times, trying to figure out their math, and when the waitress came by, she said they have a 'little machine in the back' that does all the figuring, and adds in the tax.  That still didn't explain why it was higher than it should have been.  She offered to take a little off, but my husband said we'd just pay what they wanted, and we won't be back.I must say, our waitress was one of the best parts of this very negative experience.  Lupe ruined it for us.  A little tip, never insult your customers, or talk down to them.
5	This restaurant is awesome!! The decor isn't what I go for, I go to eat a good meal.  Everything is made from scratch and is perfectly seasoned.  Hubby and I get the Hungry Man Breakfast, and he finishes mine off.  I think the staff is great, although not polished, just down home and that's what we like about it.  Ma and Pa's is what I like about it, No fuss with the decor, but much fuss with the prep of the food.  Go here if you want to taste what eggs taste like, what pulled pork taste like or whateverr.....this place is SUPER!!!  We will continue to go back. That's why it's so busy, it's fantastic!!!!!
3	Good food . Good service . But got no raw sugar for my coffee ! Other then that I like everything but the noise . Need to try lunch and dinner . That I have no clue if there good or not they get 3 Starr 1 short for not having my raw sugar and 1 short for noise level. Hey 3 out of 5 is not bad coming from me .
4	Staying in town with some friends and read a few reviews on Helen's. Decided to try it and from the moment we walked in, I felt like I had been coming in for years. Lupe the hostess was so nice and told us everything about the menu and even gave advice about where to watch the Bronco game while in town. Now about the food, Orange juice was big enough to serve 3 people and at iHop this would have been 12 - 15 $$$. The portions are big enough to share and they will let you replace pancakes for toast and biscuits and gravy etc.. Anything we asked for was perfectly fine with them and made quick work of it. If you live here or are in town, stop at this pace because it's worth it! It's not fancy so if your looking for 5 star hotel food with oatmeal at $14 bucks a bowl, this is not your place. If you're looking for a killer comfort breakfast place with super nice people and killer prices, this is it! Enjoy.
5	OMG!  This place was great!  It's not super fancy or anything... just good old bacon and eggs!  The country potatoes were so amazing... Just like my grandma used to make.  Everything was cooked to perfection and the portions... Just come hungry!!!  Took a family of 3 there and even with a few extra sides along with our meals, we spend under $30.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5	Perfect eggs which is definitely a reason to get excited. The bread was of better-than-average quality. That came out as toast. The chicken fried steak. Mm. Good or very good service.
5	My family loves to come here.   We are regulars.  The people here are nice and the owner herself is the cook.   Helen makes a point to come out of the back as often as she can to converse with her customers.   The desserts are made fresh daily, which is awesome.   They run out of pies and cinnamon rolls often because they are so good and popular.  But they always have the brownies with nuts and caramel; love to warm those up and throw a spoon of vanilla ice cream on top.... yummm.My family are also in love with Lupe... She is a waitress there and we always hope to get her, but like I said, everyone is friendly and care to try to make your visit a good one.
4	We have driven by Helen's several times and always saw quite a few cars parked in the lot, so we decided to try it for breakfast one morning.  Helen's is only open FRI SAT (8a-8p) and SUN (8a-2p). On FRI and SAT, they only serve breakfast until 11am (very disappointing!). On Sunday, breakfast is served all day (great!).There are about 17 tables in the relatively small restaurant, about half and half two-person and four-person tables.  The place was packed when we got there around 11:30AM on Sunday, but I didn't feel overly crowded.  We were greeted and given a table right away - I would expect a short wait for a table sometimes.  The hostess let us know right away that the kitchen was running 20 minutes behind, that was nice and not a problem.Our waiter, Jake, came by and took our drink orders.  Jake was great and apologized for the delays several times.  He and other servers kept our coffee cups filled, so all was good.I got the "Hungry Man" breakfast and when it came, I could not believe how much food was included for a decent price!  The two pancakes were over 1 inch thick but perfectly cooked and fluffy. It also came with 3 eggs, bacon, ham, sausage and toast. I barely put a dent in it. Definitely a good deal.My wife got the Rise and Shine breakfast which was perfect for her. The only downside was instead of country potatoes, they brought fresh fruit due to "a problem with the potatoes."This is a great breakfast spot if you want a lot of food and are not in a hurry.
4	Sorry to hear 5 people called out, take charge & if people don't want to work get rid of them. I imagine it is not easy to get good people in, but keep trying you have a good thing going. The service needs a lot of work they have had to turn away 4 groups of patrons since we have been waiting 30 mins already for food. Waited 40 mins for food and it was not hot barley warm. Haven't seen the waitress more than twice. Jake did come to apologize for the long wait and was very kind. Food is good even if we had to wait a while for it. Layout of restaurant is not good for flow & restaurant management.  They need some help from Robert Irvine. I hope she can make it since Maricopa needs some good quality food place's, any place that can ofer fresh & GF gets a plus in my book.  Good luck to them I hope Helen can continue to make her dream come true.
4	The works tri tip sandwich is my favorite! Along with tri tip cheese fries perfect combo.
5	Love this spot. Before we even moved to Copa, my homeboy Mike told me about Helens. Props to my boy Mike and most definitely Helens. Mike is a picky eater, and most of the time he finds great spots to check out. Homerun on this one. The tri-tip was bomb.
1	Most awful experience I have had at any restaurant. Sat down and took 10 minutes to get a menu then another 15 minutes to get our drinks which were incorrect. We ordered when we got the drinks. After waiting 45 minutes for our food we noticed that 3 other tables who got there after us got their food before us. After an hour of waiting we got up and left. They seemed to be more concerned about taking care of their regulars. I would not ever recommend this dump to anyone.
5	Seriously the best food in all of Maricopa!  Service was a little slow but well worth the wait.
2	Something about waiting an hour and fifteen minutes for your food really turns you off from it.  It was pretty ok food too, as far as breakfast goes, but it was insane...how long does it take to cook an omelette?  And there was this creepy guy alone at the table next to us telling us "You're gonna love this food, best you ever had!" and then we heard him tell the waitress he had never eaten there.  Wouldn't leave us alone (that's not the restaurant's fault).Got a few tri-tip sandwiches to go, thinking it'd be great...$45 later.  No thanks. Not sure if everyone in Maricopa is just starved for decent food (more than likely) but I can't stand the lack of good service in this town, it's atrocious all around.
4	Fantastic food! Expect to wait. Not great place if in a hurry. Reasonable price and quality food. Recommend open faced tri tip sandwich with gravy
5	Here with my girlfriend and the kids grate customers service grate food the works tri tip is awesome
2	Okay,  I don't know what people see in this place.   The staff and presentation of the food is pretty unprofessional.   The food is just OK, and my supposedly "fresh brewed" ice tea, as the menu called it,  was stale tasting.    Also, we ordered the tri tip "works" sandwich,  $10.95 for just the sandwich,  no fries or anything with it!   The waitresses looked unprofessional as well, wearing what resembled gym clothes.  I am disappointed, some of my fellow yelpers really let me down on this one.  :\
1	One star only because the food was ok.. Other than that everything pretty much sucked!!! the iced tea was old, and when I told the waitress about it she just said Oh, as if I was lying about it.. the tri-tip was $11 and came with nothing else but a bun and meat that's it  what a sham I can't believe this place even got close to 4 stars.. benihanas has a 3 star rating. what the heck is going on here people. please stop giving people high ratings that do not deserve it.  I went out of my way to check this place out because of the high ratings on Yelp.. not worth it, not at all. The place was a dump, they only have one toilet in the whole restaurant, that both men, and women have to share.. it was so awkward. not to mention the waitresses are dressed as if they're getting ready to Jazzercise... what a joke! save yourself some time, and go somewhere else." tacos and more" is 10 times better than this place.. also" Teakwoods" is great there's so many better options here in Maricopa other than this place..  the food was ok, I guess, but way overpriced. not worth it! I will not be back to this place
5	We've been here several times and our food is always delicious. It's a small place in town with shorter hours than we'd like but our favorite place in town. Make sure you are hungry because the portions are very large....price is great for the amount if food you get.
1	Okay so I about 9 mos ago I posted a 5 star review and its changed.  I use to come here a lot but the last three times I've come, it's been a Real Big Dissapointment.  First:We walk in to get seated.  No one said hello and smiled. Both girls running around looked at us and said we will be with you in a second.  Still no smile.  More like a 'ugh why are you here?' look. Whole time we were there.....They picked and chose who they want to smile and converse with.  Not once did my server smile at me.  The other girl ran around like she had something stuck up her butt.Second: I ordered coffee and the server was taking orders when I opened my half and half.  I was stunned and gross out from the stench that came out, it was sour milk.  I slowly pushed it away and informed her incase it wasn't obvious with my yuck face and covering my nose. She didn't apologize for it.  Just still got the 'why are you here' look. She did replace it.   Third: Cook was playing music way too loud.  It echoed in dining area.  You add that on top of people talking in that room... It was hard to hold a conversation with people at your table without straining to hear them and repeating yourself. Last: The other waitress started putting chairs up on top of tables to close up shop.  First off, You don't need to flip things up from floor onto my food or table.Second, it's rude.  There where still five tables with families eating there.  Don't start closing up like that when people are still dining.  It's like your rushing us out.
5	I have had several meals there and was very pleased with their comfort foods  .  Deserts are huge portions and very good.  I have also used their catering service. No complaints
