2	I want to love this place. I really do. It's close to home, close to work- very convenient for me. And there is lots to love, too. But... I left annoyed and wishing I had gone to my regular place. Here's what I liked: The young man who did my nails today did a fantastic job. The place appears to be clean (important to me!) and they are fast and friendly. My pink and white nails looked great when I was done. They're a little more pointy-corner square than I usually like, but not a big deal. So here's what annoyed me. First, instead of filing off the old acrylic they way my usual salon does, this guy chipped it away with nippers. I know every nail tech has their own preferred ways of doing things, but doing it like this hurts, and it really chews up the natural nail. Then, to shorten the length, he chopped them off with a nail cutter instead of filing them. Faster, but in the process he broke my thumb nail, which he then informed me had have all the acrylic removed as a result. THEN he charged me for a nail repair- for the nail that HE BROKE. It's not a lot of money, but it annoyed me... a LOT ... that I had to pay for a problem he created. After the fill, I had the world's fastest pedicure. Another woman, who was his next fill client, was getting a pedicure that started 15 minutes before mine started in the chair next to her. My pedicure was done before hers. Seriously- it was MAYBE 15 minutes total. Now there are times when I don't mind someone who's fast, but come ON. A fifteen minute pedicure??? It's supposed to be relaxing! He didn't leave out any steps, mind you, and it looks ok, but he literally flew through the whole process, not really paying attention to details or really doing anything more than cursory, superficial work. I won't say I'd never get another pedicure here, but I would NOT have him do it. I was really disappointed. When I went to pay and he charged me extra to fix the nail he broke, I just decided that would come out of his tip. I am sure he just thought I was being cheap and didn't realize how annoyed I really was. Oh well- vote with your wallet, right?
1	Needed a quick mani/pedi.  This place is close to where I work.  Yes, that's the best thing I could say about it.  It was close.  Not very clean.  Not a lot of friendly banter.  Couple of women there talking about taking half a "vike" and getting into a fight.  Not my crowd.  Will have to figure out a better, cleaner place to go to next time...shouldn't be too hard to do since that would be just about anywhere else.
4	Recently updated! Go check out the newness of the inside and tool of the trade.
4	Seasonal Nails just got a major upgrade!  I was a fan before the renovation, but now I'm totally sold on this being my go-to nail salon.Seasonal Nails is located on Butler Street in Central L-Ville.  I typically call ahead for an appointment, so I don't have to wait.  Same-day appointments have never been an issue, and of course, they also take walk-ins.I'm mostly a pedicure girl - and 25 bucks for a spa pedi is a great deal.  Season Nails does a great job with special designs on your nails - something I'm a huge fan of!Parking is street parking, only, so make sure to feed the meter.
1	Save yourself time and aggravation. I ran in for a quick fix last Thursday. That was simple and easy enough, so I made an appointment for Monday at noon for mani pedi. I drove 15 mins to get there and even though their sign says they are open, the shop was closed. On top of that, i decided to wait and have lunch across the street because I really needed my pedi before my trip. I waited for 1.5 hours and they never showed up or opened up. What a joke and a total waste of time. Very unprofessional. I would NOT recommend to anyone.
