4	Frankley - the food here was pretty great but a little pricey.  Being as the restaurant is inside the Westin, this comes as no surprise - it should almost be considered a given that any hotel restaurant will charge a $10 to $15 premium.  But at least the food was delicious.  Also with dinner comes a selection of bread with a tomato infused Hummus!  This might be worth a buck or two extra to make up for that overpriced Hotel experience.  All that being said though - I can't complain too hard - I liked the Ahi Tuna Tartar - but I also like the Ahi Tuna seared at Hops - and Hops is a bit more down to earth about it.  Aside from the complaint about pricing though - the Fattoush salad was tasty and the service was excellent.  It's a little more swank than some hotel restaurants and there's a good ambiance.  I can't give it 5 stars but the 4 are deserved. :)
5	I've never been a fan of restaurants inside hotels.  They're usually overpriced and mediocre.  The Ember Grille proved me wrong!I had won gift certificates to the Ember Grille from a contest, so we saved them and went for our anniversary.  We ordered a lot since we had a lot to spend.  The bread appetizer with hummus was delicious, but more amazing was the tuna tartare.  It was a huge mound of rare tuna cut up into tiny bite-size pieces.  I was in heaven.  Each bite was so full of flavor.  It was better than any rare tuna I've ever had.  The entrees (sea bass and chicken) were delicious, too, but I kept wishing I could just have another moundful of tuna tartare!I'd definitely go back to the Ember Grille, but probably not unless it's a special occasion.  It can be a challenge to get to in Uptown (and find a place to park if you don't valet) and the prices are more than we like to pay regularly.  But the service and food get two thumbs up!
4	Like many business travellers, I have had my fair share of overpriced, unfriendly, and unimpressive hotel restaurants.  I have had so many of those experiences that I have grown to expect them.I went to Ember Grille for lunch on a Friday and was delighted.  The toughest part of the meal was selecting which dish to order!  The prices were reasonable, while the portions were "lunch-size" appropriate (AKA, small).  The pasta salad was delicate while the smoked salmon tart delighted the eye as well as the tastebuds.
3	$40 for fillet mignon?!?!It was good, but not that good.
5	This is a great restaurant.  Went for the first time for restaurant week for a reasonably priced prix fixe.  And when we went in the second time, there was another prix fixe.  Maybe that's all they do.  Either way, it's gonna cost you a little bit, but the food is so delicious.  They do the typical small upscale style entrees, which is good cause you don't leave feeling like you just ate a cow, but you are still satisfied.For a restaurant in a hotel, it's very reasonable and very good.  The inside is very classy, with a modern look to it, but at the same time, since it's in the hotel, I don't believe they really enforce any dress codes.They provide you with bread.  I got the lamb chops and chicken the two times I went.  I believe it may have been Ashley farms, but I'm not certain.  Both were excellent.  I wanted to suck the juices out of the bones haha.
3	OK, I really wanted to give more stars because there is so much good going on at Ember Grill. BUT when I pay $38 for a filet and it's the size of , well let's just call it "petite-petite", and the "medium" I ordered comes out well done, not a speck of pink or red on the meat, actually cooked into "tough" stage, it became a $16 Sizzler steak instead. Glazed carrots were amazing with candied orange, all four pieces that is, and mashed potatoes squirted onto the plate like a line of white toothpaste, a 1/2 inch wide by 6" long squirt....and the serving plate was barely warm which means toothpaste potatoes get cold really fast... felt like they tried soooo hard, if they had just put a nice guy sized spoonful of good mashed potatoes and carrots I can sink my teeth into, and a steak grilled just right, on a really hot plate, THEN I'll easily cough up $38 + tax + 20% gratuity = $50. Gosh darnit, they just tried too hard maybe.....The flavors really were great, just too much going on for me.
4	I kind of wonder what the Caesar salad would have looked like had I not added chicken ($5) and shrimp ($10). See picture. Note: if you order the same thing at Bar 10, the chicken is $3. The salad itself was only $9, but pricey given it is one piece of romaine lettuce grilled, it's pretty pricey. Not to mention, kind of odd - I've never had my romaine grilled. Not bad.They recently changed their menu and increased prices. Burgers are one of the few actual foods that are under $25, but they have a ridiculous service charge and delivery fee if you order room service. Something like 11% and then 16%. Also the wait is sometimes over an hour. RIDIC. I hear the warm chocolate chip cookies are amazing. But I refuse to pay $10 for cookies or a pint of Haagen-Daaz when I can walk over to CVS and pick one up for $3.4 stars because the shrimp was amazing (gigantic, fresh, and slightly salty) but really expensive. The chicken was generous and tender. And because they give you $25 coupons for breakfast or lunch or dinner, and that was enough to cover this uber expensive salad. And the breakfast buffet is amazing. Blueberry smoothies, steel cut oatmeal, breakfast potatoes, fresh berries, omelet bar, and more. What more can you ask for? Shout out to Annette - best waitress ever!OVERALL: 5 stars for breakfast, 2.5 stars for dinner. Don't bother coming here if you don't have a voucher!
4	This would be rated five stars if it was a little more affordable.  I had a great meal here while staying at the Westin.  The salad, entree, and desert were all delicious.  The server was very helpful and friendly and the manager came by to check how the meal was - good service.
4	I would freely give 5 stars if Ember Grill was not overpriced.  Love the Caesar Salad with grilled chicken added.  Also, the cream of potato soup is so good, I would ask for several bowls, but at $6 a small cup, I wouldn't dare!  The lunch bill added up quickly, $27 for iced tea, Caesar Salad with chicken, and tiny cup of soup.
2	Restaurant was in transition from breakfast to lunch when I arrived at 10:45AM.  Waited till 11:00AM but no help as far as being seated.  11:05AM approached by staff and was told that breakfast was over and only lunch was being served.  I ordered the soup of the day.  Can't remember the name.  Soup was bland.  I also ordered a chicken panini.  It was okay but sweet to the taste.  First time having a panini that was sweet.The decor of the restaurant was nice.  Wait staff were welcoming and helpful.
3	The food is good and so is the service. But, the menu is limited. But, they managed to squeeze in a few interesting items on the small menu. Why only three stars then? I expect much better from Westin.
3	Solid dinner, fish tacos were excellent.
4	Food: 1) Pork Loins: Really tasty and well made! I'm not even a huge fan of pork but boy am I a HUGE fan of this! I just wish they gave me a BIGGER PORTION!2) Salmon: Too dry, not seasoned well enough and WAY TOO SMALL of a PORTION. Not to mention, it was soaked in some type of bland soup AND it still managed to be TOO DRY. 3) BBQ chicken Flat bread: OMG! SOOOOO YUMMY!! But again...portions are TOO SMALL!!4) Biscuits: eh...nothing that great...they were biscuits...Service: Really nice waitress! She kept trying to talk to us and get to know us a bit, but too bad my friend and I were too tired to keep the convo going...but she was nice! Price: So given how small the portion sizes were...this place was WAY TOO EXPENSIVE!!! The meal came out to be OVER $90 and I seriously felt like I needed to go out and get me a nice burger from Five Guys or something! RIDICULOUSLY OVER PRICED!!! Ambiance: Very classy and trendy! I liked the new decor!Overall:I SERIOUSLY CAN'T AFFORD TO COME DINE HERE AGAIN!! The food was good but it wasn't worth an ARM and a LEG!
3	Went to this restaurant on a first date.  I researched a tad about the restaurant, but I hadn't ever talked to anyone who had been here.  The reviews I read shared how small the servings were and how pricey the menu was.  I will agree that the menu is pricey, but not outrageous.  I was also expecting more of a selection, but the menu is only about 20 items. As well, I like draft beer, but there were only four options as well -- a little of a disappointment.  Anyways, I ordered a chicken panini sandwich with fries, and the portion I was served was a decent amount (more than I was expecting after reading the reviews).  Our waiter was very courteous and patient with us trying to talk to one another and yet figure out what we wanted.  All in all, this restaurant is located inside of a hotel, and it would be a place I might go back to without actually staying at the hotel.  So....not bad.
3	Beautiful space and thank goodness we came after six and could enjoy free street paring uptown- I was told when I called for a reservation that the restaurant recommended that I park in the PAID parking deck- so I could be assuming incorrectly that they do not validate parking but weeellll..she kinda said  that.We started off with chicken and waffle sliders- amazing. Smalls was my first entry into chicken and waffles and these are huge. I'm glad we only went with two instead of the four we considered getting for an app. great salty sweet combination and presentation.We both had steak/filet and rib eye and it was cooked and seasoned well. The promised fried green tomatoes as a side turned out to be a friend green tomato. Just one lonely one.Drinks are expensive- well it is a hotel- blueberry mojitos were refreshing but at $12 each the price was not. Also, from reading other reviews I assume they serve beer but it wasn't anywhere on the drink menu.While dinner was pleasant our server was MIA and this place was EMPTY. I know it was a weeknight but still it was dinner time- where were the other diners?Dessert was solid- but not amazing- you can't go wrong with a hot apple tart and cold vanilla ice cream. Overall this meal was a nice dinner out but not the best Charlotte has to offer..
4	We purchased a deal for this place, and found we had an excellent meal here. It is in the hotel, and they do validate parking for you when you ask for it.The burger I had was awesome, along with the sweet potato fries.Hubby had shrimp and grits which was excellent.Both of us tried dessert and really enjoyed it.It definitely was pricey, but if the food is great I don't mind paying.And I would return again for sure.
3	We went here for some drinks & apps during an NFL playoff game.  It was completely empty, so the service was great.The margaritas we got were very good and pretty strong.  The highlight was easily the Chicken & Waffle sliders.  The waffle wasn't dry and the chicken tender was.... tender...and tasty.They have a happy hour(5-7pm) here where the Chicken & Waffles are 1/2 price.  If you are visiting Uptown for Happy Hour, I would definitely check this place out.This place seems hidden, but we enjoyed our time here and will return for some Happy Hours.
1	It is unfortunate that I must give the restaurant one star because our food was good and we had an awesome bartender.  The hostess was very friendly also. The bad part...I had a restaurant.com gift certificate, Not a COUPON, to use specifically for this restaurant. I've had a lot of problems and misunderstandings with restaurant.com this week so I specifically asked them if I could use my certificate for alcohol and they told me that this is one of the few that you can because they did not specify otherwise. There was nothing that stated that it could not be used for alcohol like my other ones. This was basically a gift card.Numerous employees got involved in our situation. One guy said no, then a girl said yes, the a rude girl said no...then the manager got involved.To make a long story short...the manager refused to let us use the certificate for drinks. She said that it is NC law that alcohol can't be discounted...not really sure what that means. Restaurants and bar run specials all the time...is that not discounting alcohol? Again, I had a certificate not a coupon so there  was no discount involved. It was just a lame excuse that she made up. I was so pissed....almost ruined our evening.Our bartender was terrific, he needs to find a more reputable restaurant to work for.
2	Service is superb! I love all my servers.. I came down each day for breakfast and had 3 different servers.. 2 out 3 were fabulous! However, there was no variety in the food selection--- who wants to have the same exact breakfast every single day? Everything was the exact same unless they were out of something then they would just take that off the menu but they wouldnt replace it with anything else! Food was simply okay and if you were paying $20 for breakfast that has no variety, I think you are better off going to something down the street!
5	It's a bit pricey for a breakfast buffet. We get breakfast here on early business meeting mornings. I think it opens at 6am.It's quick food, good service and a nice environment. I LOVE their waffles and potato medley. You can get an omelet or eggs to order too.
3	Nice environment.   Only had dessert.   Very limited dessert menu.  I had the Apple Gallette upon recommendation from the hostess.  It was ok.  Took a long time to make and then it was burnt, but it satisfied my sweets craving.
4	First, I didn't know from reading the reviews that Ember is inside the Westin.   Know that before you go hunting for it!   We came for lunch and really enjoyed it.  Smoked tomato soup is a twist on standard tomato basil, and was excellent.  The mushroom flatbread is excellent, although a little heavy on the balsamic glaze.   Nonetheless, still really tasty.   The cheeseburger with sweet potato tots was really good.  Still just a cheeseburger, but done perfectly.   Service was attentive, friendly, and even brought the check when we were ready for it - usually the longest wait of the meal, but this time right on time!   I would definitely recommend Ember for lunch.
2	I eat here regularly while staying at the Westin.  It's a good idea to get take-out orders from here, rather than paying the $6 fee + service charge + taxes that will be added to a room service order.- Everything on the menu is $3-4 dollars overpriced.  That's just what you should expect at a hotel restaurant.  - The food is decent and in some cases pretty delicious (the short rib grilled cheese is great)- The service is awful - they basically never answer the phone.  When I get downstairs, sometimes I have to wait at the hostess desk for 5 minutes before someone shows up.  Sometimes I can see the hostesses hanging out around the restaurant rather than attending to the customers.  Sometimes they will take my takeout order at the desk, but other times they have refused and told me I have to go to the bar.  Ultimately, it's a frustrating place to get bad service after a long day of work on the road.
4	Breakfast buffet has a made to order omelette stand. Lots of choices- both hot and cold. I didn't love my wife's sausage gravy, but everything else was tasty and satisfying. Buffet is $20 a head and includes drinks. Nice wait staff. Everyone is friendly.
3	I had brunch here after staying at the Westin with my wife this weekend. We got the buffet because we'd heard it was very good. And the food tasted good, everyone was very nice and prompt. But for a $60 breakfast with tip, I have to say I expected something a little better.So it's good food, but not quite worth the money they're charging.
4	Just had a lunch there at 1:30. The place is inviting. The service was terrific. Ordered club sandwich, and it was good as well.
5	I love this place! The food is amazing, also the service is great. The wings are very tasty!!! For breakfast I always have the Eggs Benedict, with spinach.
5	Wonderful restaurant and polite, attentive servers. Our delivery of the food was a little slow but warm and delicious. For a hotel restaurant they have a nice variety and selection.
1	Bad service. Didn't even get to try the food since no wait staff even came our way. Sat 20 minutes, and left. No hello, no water, nothing. When I tried to phone them before I got to the restaurant, I called 4 times and it went to voice mail. What establishment doesn't answer their phone?!  Very disappointed. :(
3	Good spot for a casual meal if you are staying at the Westin or nearby.  Nice atmosphere, good food and friendly service.  I enjoy the food scene in Charlotte and always try to venture out...but if staying you are tired or don't feel like exploring, this is a more than adequate option for dinner.
3	Went here for lunch with some work folks.  Since it's a hotel restaurant, you should just assume it's going to be a little more expensive.  Ordered the bison sliders and spinach on the side, which worked for me.  The fish tacos looked good, though it was a bit messy.  The turkey club looked good too.
4	Outside dining was so delightful but the traffic was extremely loud. We had the GF ahi tuna appetizer and was a really small portion but very delicious and full of flavor. My main dish was the burger and sweet potato tater tots!!! DELISH!!!!
3	sevice is great that's why i gave a rating of 3 stars.  blue crap artichoke dip wad all right (nothing special), pita chips was freshly made.  parafelle pasta had a sauce that was too sweet. my friend had the rib eye sliders...not my kind of tea (shredded beef). mac n cheese was good (had a smoky taste).  i'm not a mac n chz person but this was better than the pasta!
3	A nice brunch buffet if you are visiting Charlotte and need a breakfast before you hit the road back home.  It is a little pricey, $23 per person.  The best things on the menu are the smoked salmon slices and cinnamon French toast style waffles.  The Omelets are just ok, I've had better.  Worst thing is the SERVICE!  Our waiter was nice but I felt rushed with him, and when I tried to ask the guy behind the buffet line about where the syrup was he was so rude about it and just said "ask your waiter."  Really??!!!  One of the other guys had to ask me if I was ok and apologized.  They may need to rethink hiring some nicer staff, that is all.
5	Pretty good food, watched football while I did some work on my laptop. Attentive but not annoying bartender, well made drinks. Everything you need in a hotel bar.
5	We had Christmas brunch at Ember Grille today, and it was WONDERFUL!!!!! So many delicious offerings including seafood, meats, artisanal cheeses, breakfast foods and a fabulous dessert selection. We used to go to the brunch at Ballantyne Hotel every year, and Ember Grille is as good, if not better. Already planning to go back next year!!!
