4	Located in the district, this open seating, open air bar is the prefect spot to chill out with friends. It is loud, the walls are covered with a "graffiti" menu of appetizers, and the waitresses are all friendly and cute! Maybe this is why my boyfriend always want to go...hmm. Another issue altogether...Anyway, their beer on tap is pretty good, and they offer a few other selections as well, but don't go for the mixed drinks. Anytime a friend has ordered one, they either didn't have it, or it wasn't very good. This is a beer joint. Especially If you're a Miller Lite (L-I-T-E, if you've heard the commercials) fan. Al's is always packed in the summer, and pretty calm during the colder months, so if you want a crowd and a lively atmosphere, head out while the weather is warm. When it's cold the crowd seems to shift to Kennedy's, the nice lounge/restaurant next door.Recommended drink: Miller Lite, of courseRecommended company: It is always the best when you have a crowd meeting up at Al's. It is loud and fun, so don't go here on a date!
5	Love the food! Love the waitresses! They know how to make locals feel welcome! Keep up the great work!
3	I was digging this place...I got Al's burger & got the cheese sauce on my fries...On point!!!!  The ranch was also on point!!!  The burger was a double stack, which I wasn't expecting...It was soooo goood, I had 2 force myself 2 finish it even tho I was HELLA full...Good stuff...Got the Blue Moon, on tap...That was on point 2...Can't go wrong with the Blue Moon...Haha....Service was on point...They were very attentive & always checked on us...Good good stuff...
3	One thing Al's Garage knows how to do is hire its staff.  Hot chicks everywhere.  The food is not bad either.I came to Al's garage around 6pm on a Tuesday.  It was a little slow but not entirely empty.  I started with the happy hour special of a 12 ounce Coors Light for $2.  Too bad it came served in a college style clear plastic cup.  I'd rather just have the bottle than something tacky, but hey it's cheap!The food menu is simple.  Your basic bar food fare of chicken strips and burgers.  Really you only have a choice of about a dozen items posted on the back wall.  I went for the chicken strips.  What was a stingy beer experience was made up for with the food.  Five big chunks of chicken breast goodness (these are far from "strips") and a side of fries.  I could not eat it all.  Everything set me back ten bucks.Al's Garage is located in The District retaill and dining development next to the Green Valley Ranch casino.
3	Al's Garage is a really weird place.  The concept was obviously dive/biker bar.  This place is so NOT a dive bar, and there are several things that make it glaringly obvious: the neatly spray-painted walls, the polite signs outside reminding patrons of city ordinances about where they can take alcohol, the shiny well-placed motorcycle rims above the bar, the presence of toilet paper in the bathrooms, the multiple flatscreen TVs, and--most of all--the fact that it's in The District.  Seriously, now.  This is a place for typical suburban shoppers to stop in for a drink and pretend like they got their hands a little bit dirty.  This ain't a dive bar.I actually think it's a great place to get a burger, because their food comes in large portions and it tastes pretty good.  There's nothing fancy about it, and that's a good thing.However, the bar's theme and its District location make for a sometimes uncomfortable mix of people.  At lunch time you'll see families with young children, and then four feet away at the bar there will be a drunk guy who loudly uses the F-word in every sentence.  So it's not a good place for families, but it's also not a good place to go if you want to pound a few beers and do some cussin' (if you have any amount of self-awareness, that is).
2	I went here yesterday for Sunday night football.  They are a "Chargers bar" and I am a chargers fan to say the least.  Lots of chargers fans there but the last time I go there again.  The drink and food specials were a joke. $3 bud light bottles but they dont tell you the drafts are $4.50 for a 12 oz draft!! Really??!! The place is loud and the TVs are in hard to view spots when sitting in booths.  We left halfway throught the first quarter and found a great spot called Bluehawk with awesome specials and tons of flatscreens.  Maybe a good place to hang out but horrible to watch sporting events at.  Cute waitresses but slow service.  Goodbye Al's garage get some better specials during football because enough bars have them them to keep me away.
3	Al's is your basic bar. Twelve or so item food menu on the wall. Four or five tap beers. Coors light happy hour specials for football and that's all folks. Charger bar for you bolts fans
3	Al's?  It's just a faux biker bar in a shi-shi stip mall (The District).We ordered fat tires and they were served IN A CAN.  Burgers were on special, but they are not particularly special: just 2 frozen patties with the standard stuff.  fries cost extra; wings were 45 cents each when we went.  They were just ok.  Waitstaff is eye candy but did a fine job.  Good place for beers and then some wings for when you get hungry.Didn't love it, but didn't hate it, so 3 stars.
5	Every week we go to a different  place to watch Monday Night Football or if the Chargers are not on regular TV, we find some where to watch it. Well. the Chargers were not on the local CBS station so we found out Al's garage was a Chargers Bar. We got there about 1/2 an hour before the game started and loved the layout of the place. From the big garage doors, to the tires and rim all over the place. Three flat panel tv's on the back wall were perfect for viewing and if you were looking the other way , there were 3-4 above the bar.One other thing which was important, When the Chargers games start, everything on the menu is half price. One heck of a deal!!!!The menu was short and to the point and I must say, everything was fantastic. We started off with a plate of cheese fries, that had chunks of bacon and a big dollop of sour cream. The cheese sauce was off the hook!!! Next we ordered the 10 pc. Al's Wings and the Fried Shrimp (both came with fries, which we didn't eat due to  the previous appetizer.) After the half we decided to try their dessert Mud Pie, it came out and was 2 huge pieces for one order, tasted great and couldn't eat it all.The server's were really nice and attentive and during the halftime give-away, my wife won a shirt and Chargers keychain.Who cares if this place is in strip mall in the Classy District. It's a great place to go and well worth the drive from the West Side of Vegas to Green Valley and we'll definitely will be making plans to go again!!
4	If I could I would give Al's 3.5 stars.I like that fries and the buns for the burgers but the food in general isn't that great.  You do get a great deal if you're there to watch the game.  Always make sure to check your check though, sometimes they "forget"I usually go here to watch the Chargers games as they usually aren't being shown on regular cable her in Vegas.  It's about 10 minutes from my place.  If I had the energy and the drive I would go to Michael's Pub but then again I had a negative experience there.What's kind of lame to me is that the servers i.e waitresses as they don't have any males taking orders aren't even Chargers fans although they're decked out in the gear.  C'mon at least find some girls that like the team that your bar represents!  One of the servers admitted that she was a Bengals fan.  Lame, lame, lame.The other annoying thing are the opposing team's fans that come in to annoy the crap out of the rest of us.  My boyfriend is pretty surprised that I haven't gotten into a fight with anyone yet.  Hey, if they're talking a lot of shit, I'm going to talk a lot of shit back to them.  But really, I just want to enjoy the game dammit!They do have awesome raffles during half-time and at the end of the game, that's actually one of the things that keeps me coming back.  I will be back for the remainder of the Chargers games (all the way to the Super Bowl!), however come the off-season, they will probably not see my face there until the Chargers return to take on 2010.
3	This place is interesting. You walk through garage doors to get in and the decor is rims and tires on the wall. The menu is written on the wall in back and so you basically order off the wall. There are no menu's given to you. You basically get your choice of burger, chicken, nachos or shrimp. The burger and chicken (wings or strips) come with fries, but you can order cheese or shoe sting fries separate. Maybe two or three other things on the menu and that's it. The food was OK. The chicken strips were good but the wings were a little heavy on black pepper and they were small. The hamburger looked good, but tasted just OK. Nothing that great. The server was friendly and gave us a card for a discount the next time we come in. and.....maybe we will be back?
3	Had a burger here the other night, it was OK, dry, and could have used some mayo.  The service was friendly and the salad was decent (interesting Russian vinaigrette dressing).  The prices were right ($8 for the burger) and the atmosphere is upbeat.
3	So after i walked out of coldwater canyon wearing my overalls and carrying my 1/4 inch drive and covered in Grease what better place to grab some lunch than in Al's garage..... "Right" I understand the atmosphere and what you are going for, but you have a compettitor/partner restaurant next door that serves the same things as you, out of the same kitchen. The only reason i know this is because my wife asked the server what the difference between the two burgers was, due to the waitress giving us a menu with some other restaurant name on it. She said oh theirs is toasted and has a sauce on it. It made no sense until i walked out and saw that this other restaurant was right next door and had the same menu. The wait staff is definitely easy on the eyes and they attempt to flirt a few more bucks out of you at the end of you meal... I can't complain, you do what you have to do..Right?! Anyways, the food is alright not the greatest, the atmosphere is okay if it were better placed it would make more sense but it works I guess. This place gets pretty packed at night as well.
4	I don't really know where some of the negativity is coming to this place or how someone had it mistaken for a biker bar with car rims all over it? They have some great liquor deals along with some gorgeous staff that actually has a clue of what is going (how to serve) on which is a double plus. The menu is on the wall and small but some decent food for a bar. The secret? The fancy restaurant next store and Al's are one in the same and split the kitchen. If it's not busy they will even let you order things not in the Al's menu and from the place next store. If your looking for some fancy small portioned five star dining meal you won't find it here, but then again, if that is why you came here you must have lost your mind to begin with.Great booze selection (Fat Tire in a can?) which needs to be a bottle but all the while if your in Henderson and the Euro trash/druggie filled  Strip isn't in your interest or worth the drive then this place can entertain you for a minute in Henderson.
5	I had lunch with a friend the other day at Al's. I can honestly say I cannot complain about anything. We got there about 12 noon and it was slow, but I'm sure at night it would be hopping and this would be the perfect place to go after work and have some brewskis. The place is very laid back and they have a basic menu of burgers, fries, sandwiches, salads, your standard all-American fare. A guy was having a chicken quesadilla outside on the patio. My friend and I decided his entree looked so good we each decided to order the same thing. Although the quesadilla was a tad on the dry side, it was still very appetizing. The cheese fries are so yummy. I thought it was some kind of specially made cheese, but when the waitress informed us it was plain old cheez-whiz, it could've fooled me because it was so damn good. We had good service, our food was served to us promptly, and the prices are reasonable. A great casual lunch or dinner spot. I will definitely be back. :-)
4	Roll up the doors and get yourself a burger and a beer.  That is the theme at Al's Garage.  It is a fun time here and the burgers and fries are worth coming for as well.
2	As a few others that have reviewed this place have said, they do have pretty ladies working.  Unfortunately the food is not as good.  Most of us ordered burgers.  That seemed like a great idea since they had so many options.  Unfortunately the burgers are not good.  Thankfully I ordered the whole wheat bun.  It was just fine.  Everyone else went with the standard bun which was hard as a rock.The toppings were great but the burger its self was bland and simple.There are a lot of televisions. so it is probably a good place to catch the game with friends.  I would just eat before you get there.
3	Not a dive bar, not a biker bar, its a garage bar. The front opens up like a garage. Basically If you want to drink and play video poker while a few cute girls serve beer and food then I think Al's garage is your place. Plus I appreciate any bar where I hit Deuces for $200.00
3	Eh, this place is just so-so. They seem to have a fairly decent beer selection (nothing rare or exciting, but lots of offerings), but they don't have a beer list or anything - so you have to look around and peer into the little fridges behind the bar. The food is ok. Wings had a nice heat, but lacked sauciness. Service is often slow and forgetful. The inside just looks and feels like some corporate concept.
5	I was walking to Lucille's BBQ to celebrate a friend's birthday when the smell of buffalo wings wafted into my nostrils. With my head on a swivel, I began exploring where this delicious smell was emanating from.I saw outdoor seating, a sweet looking bar, some good looking girls tending that bar, and... BUFFALO WINGS.I went in, got myself a Sam Adams, ordered myself some wings, and then made the mistake of also ordering myself an enormous burger. I was able to customize my toppings, and the burger reminded me of a better Fatburger. The wings were great, the beer was good, the burger was solid, the fries were pretty delicious. I loved this place, is perfect for groups or a casual date.
2	Eh.  Several of us went there after seeing a movie at GVR.  Couple of us were hungry and the other girls ordered drinks.  The food was alright.  The service was the problem.  I despise it when waitresses ignore my table full of girls to flirt with ugly, old men at the bar because they are hoping to get a better tip.  I did not order a second drink because the waitress did not come back.  Hard to get check.  Did consider for a minute leaving without paying, but I am not that person.  My food was OK, not impressed.  Again, stinky service, eh eh food, why go back?
4	Just moved into Henderson and decided to do dinner at The District which is where Al's Garage is located. Fun atmosphere and pretty good menu! Slightly loud music-wise and not sure, nothing really going on that night. Had a draft beer and one of their burgers, we also had the Reuben sandwich, both were pretty good. The sweet potato fries were amazing! Will definitely be going back to this place.
1	Last night was the first time I'd given Al's Garage a try and it will be my last time going.  I went with a friend and decided to sit at one of the tables outside.  The place seemed dead but it took quite a while before the waitress came out to give us menus.  The drinks and appetizers  came out fast enough but it was pretty horrible service after that.  We had to get up and ask another waitress for silverware, it took forever to get the check.We'd ordered mild wings and those were great.  The Burger and Nachos were meh.I  agree with the statement that the waitresses pretty much ignore you if you're a woman to concentrate on their male customers.  I felt that way last night but thought maybe our waitress was having an off night until I witnessed a table with several women asking a waitress for menus as she briskly walked past ignoring them.
2	I was not impressed the service was just ok, bought a groupon for the place for a dinner for 2. there is not much of a menu as i guess the place is more of a drinking bar. the burgers were not great. the meat was pretty much flavorless. The wings were decent, and the fries were good. but the bar is so close to the dining area that when just one person lit a cigarette. i could smell it right away, that is a pet peeve of mine. im just glad i only spent 22$ on the groupon. needless to say i dont need to go back
5	This is a great concept for a bar and grill. The design is an auto repair shop. The stools are made from rims and axles and it is all stainless steel.  They have good food and cold drinks.  The menu has all the things you would want in your "man cave".  You can also order from the place next door.  It has outdoor seating for those who wish to dare the elements.  What my friends and I do is bring our dogs to the District, and you can drink beers and eat with your dog.  The trick is to make sure the leash is long enough for the dog to stand on the other side of the sign that says no dogs beyond this point.  We have never been hassled and then we stand on the side that says no beer beyond this point...loop holes rule.
2	I went her the other day for drinks after work.  I didn't try the food so this is only based on the bar.  We all gathered by the bar after work on a Friday.  The place wasn't packed but it wasn't empty.  I ordered a Blue Moon and Anchor Steam Beer.  The bar tender was attentive and the atmosphere was cool.  It is set up like a garage.  They have television everywhere with sports on them.  I had a good time.  The only thing I didn't care for is the price of the beers!  I paid $5.50 excluding the tip for a Steam Beer!  The drafts are all about the same.  If I am going to pay $6 for a draft beer I better be at a concert or have a nice micro brew.  Not a good happy hour spot!
1	The mediocre service is only matched by the below par meals.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who has a couple of hours to spend waiting for cold food and watered down drinks.
5	I've been here at least five or six times in the past, and I have to say that this is a very nice place to enjoy a meal. Extremely affordable, nice decor, very friendly staff, and good service. Always a returning customer!
2	The service wasnt bad - though relatively slow, but we wished there was some music or something on the patio itself to liven it up.  The food was above average and several beers that we ordered werent in stock. So frustrating to order and then have a server come back in 2 mins with an apology and no suggestion. Worse to have it happen 3 times total. I wish there were a few more drafts as well. Overall not a bad experience, just not the best. We might be back sometime to try again, but with Quinns and Balboa so close I doubt it.
1	This place SUCKS!!!! Stay far, far away!!!!Terrible, terrible food. Nasty bartenders (that let patrons smoke while I'm eating. NICE).Please, please, please go away, so that a better establishment can take your place.
2	Came in around 6pm on a Sunday, not too busy, yet still took forever to get our order in. Water tasted funny, so we ordered 2 three dollar drinks. Ordered the BBQ burger, not too bad, but nothing special.
3	I got a Club Sandwich the bread was so hard I couldn't eat it. Other than that everything on it was fresh and the fries were good and crispy
4	Definitely a must if you happen to be unfortunate enough to be staying at Green Valley Ranch. We were having such a miserable experience at Green Valley and we decided to go get drinks and dinner off the hotel property (turns out to be a good choice). We found this little place walking while walking around so we decided to drop in for some drinks. Had a GREAT time. Reasonable prices, good bartenders, good attitudes from others in the bar/restaurant, just a good place to chill. Definitely try it out if you are in the area.
5	This is one of my favorite places around. The staff really makes it a great experience, as they're always friendly, especially to repeat customers. It doesn't take a long time to build a rapport with everyone there, and have a great time! My friends and I come back all the time just to catch up with everyone.The drinks are pretty reasonably priced, and the food is a solid surprise for a place that doesn't appear to be much of a restaurant from the outside. Your standard bar fare is covered, and is pretty good stuff. Their chicken nachos are the stuff of legend. If you're feeling like something a little more fancy, you can order from the Presidio menu next door. It's great to have a place like this that is 24/7. It's my go-to bar, by far. Come on in and check it out!
3	The service is friendly.. and the ambiance is cool!  I love the outside benches where you can sit, have a beer, shoot the shit.... and just chill.  On a nice night, it's a really nice place to just BE.  The waitresses are friendly... as well as the patrons.... I do believe that they serve food... though instead of ordering food, I ordered beer.  Beer was excellent.  hahaha!Prices aren't to bad either.... what I really dig about this place is the outside seating area.  I just like being outside.  Thanks for the good times Al's!  I'll be back
2	Sorry, I cannot give Al's Garage a good feedback. We were there Saturday evening. There was a free concert, and although it was crowded, we found a nice place to eat outside on the patio. We ordered chicken tenders with fries. They were alright, but nothing to write home about. We were very patient, but after about 10 minutes, we asked if we could order. It took another 5 minutes until the waitress came to our table. She was very unfriendly and probably unhappy to work that evening. For whatever service we needed (napkins, refill etc) we had to battle to get her attention. She had no smile, or apology whatsoever... The people we shared the table with waited to pay for about 15 minutes. They were also not very satisfied...There are too many good places around, so why bother and go back...
4	Always enjoyed coming here when I lived in Henderson. Probably my favorite burger place in the Vegas area. It has great atmosphere, and I always enjoyed the "open air" feel to it, even though it's not really open air. It tends to feel that way, because the doors are always left open. Definitely a great place to get the classic bar fare, and they offer a pretty nice burger selection. Just be forewarned, from what I remember, the portions are pretty big. Good, but big!
4	I've been a fan of Al's Garage for many years now.  I especially like when the garage doors are open and you get that open air feel inside.  The menu has expanded immensely from what it used to be and I have yet to eat anything there that I don't like.  It's also nice that you can order from the Presidio menu next door.  While the waitstaff service isn't always great, the bartenders are always friendly and on the ball.  Al's Garage has a great vibe and is a fun place to watch a game or just hang out with friends and have a few drinks.
1	We decided the menu looked ok and the music was good so we tried lunch. No one was there, that should have been our first clue. I ordered a chicken sandwich and my friend ordered a Reuben sandwich. His came with brown corned beef and not much of it and the piece of chicken on my sandwich may have been too small for a slider, I wish I had taken a picture, it was comical. It is a shame because I live here, not just a tourist, I am always looking for good local places, but I will never go back to Al's.
3	Overall a solid place.The main attraction for me at Al's Garage is the patio. I like being able to sit outside when it's nice, bring the little one, and relax in their casual atmosphere. It's a good place for a beer or a burger, but not a great one. Actually, for a place with a 'garage' atmosphere, I thought they would have a better beer selection, but it's your standard list. The food is decent bar-style food, nothing great. Service is usually slow or even non-existent, which is too bad because this is the only place that has any real night-life potential at The District. Like I said, it has POTENTIAL, but as of now, everybody pretty much clears out by 9:00.Plus points for being open late (maybe even 24 hrs), and being in my neighborhood.
1	I just don't get this place. The food is decent but the waitresses are horrible, the bartender has zero personality and it isn't clean. I really want to like this place but it's so hard too. One of the waitressess actually told me once that there was a regular customer  who no one liked and that they drew straws to see who was going to wait on him. When you tell another customer that it is really sad!Not keen on going back.
4	They have great wings here.  The burgers are awesome as well.  Overall great food friendly staff and cool atmosphere.
3	In the District, outside seating...like having a lil shindig in your garage! For some reason it doesn't get at busy as it used to be still doing their thang! food is pretty good, drinks specials.
4	Yay! I'm a fan:   With the hot weather turning Las Vegas into an oven, I have burnt out having my after-work cup of coffee. I am trying to stay away from too much of the 500-plus calories Frapucinos. So I have made a current switch to enjoying a cold beer or two after work. Al's Garage is one of the establishments that I have been frequenting lately during happy hour.   Al's Garage is located in The District at Green Valley Ranch in the shadow of Lucille's Barbecue. The first time I visited Al's Garage a month ago, I had zero idea of what to expect. For all I knew when I opened the doors, I could be walking into a biker bar.  When I opened the doors, I stepped into a bar that is garage themed. When I looked straight under slightly dim lighting, I saw a video game and the hall to the restroom. To my right was the table seating. To my left was the bar and TV sets. All around me was car garage memorabilia, such as hub caps. In the slightly crowded room, I walked left to the bar. I have been following this routine since.  When I sit at the bar, it is my understanding that I could get a $3 domestic draft from 4 to 7 PM or Midnight to 8 AM. It is also my understanding that Miller Lite seems to be the only domestic draft. If I want a draft beer for $4, choices include Blue Moon, Guiness, and Pilsner. It is also my understanding that off happy hour a draft Miller Lite is $4.50. Usually I wait the equivalent of doing a Yelp check-in for the bar tender to ask me what I want. The first time I hung out here, the bar tender was super cool. He started chatting with me about policies at Utah bars. Way different from the impression I had of the place before I walked in the door. The bar tender that has been serving me the following three visits is also cool. When I drink the Miller Lite, my attention will shift between the sports events airing on the television and my smart phone. There has rarely been any single women to keep my attention away from the screens. After two Miller Lites in around an hour to hour & half time, I leave in a more relaxed state than when I walked in. I will then spend some time in The District and Green Valley Ranch.Stay Alive-Don't Drink & Drive......Sober up opportunities:  When I review a bar, I also take into consideration the immediate places to sober up . After two beers, I refuse to operate a motor vehicle for at least an hour. Especially when the Henderson Police Department is right across Green Valley Parkway. As the information sign flashed on the 215 "Buzzed driving is drunk driving." I give Al's Garage a high score for the opportunities adjacent to it to sober up. There is the adjacent Green Valley Ranch where you could sober up over a dinner, Coffee Bean or a movie. I usually will get a fast food meal such as Panda Express. Then there is the District with its restaurants and shops. And if somebody plans on getting drunk, they could book a room at Green Valley Ranch.***The Daniel. S 2013 Yelp 200 Challenge. Review 107***
2	The service is  fine I'm just not a fan of the layout of this place. The seating is terrible and it's hard to carry a conversation.
5	Wow. The good I awesome. BBQ chicken sandwich so good. I had no idea they served food. Really awesome my new favorite lunch spot.
3	I have been going to this place for years, it is a fun place to hang out especially in the outside area for people watching and great atmosphere. The food is nothing special but good enough. I have never had a bad experience here except for the other night, the lighting of the Christmas tree event with Frankie Moreno, my husband and I  found some friends hanging here so we went in to get some drinks, there was no one inside and the male bartender, and cocktail ladies, were hanging at the end chatting, and not once in 5 minutes standing at the bar did the bartender acknowledge us, ask us for our order, and it was just plain obnoxious! We walked out! It wouldn't have been a big deal had it been busy but there was no excuse, the bartender obviously doesn't work for tips nor care that he has customers.
3	We were in the mood for some bar food...  i.e. nachos and wings.  We have walked by Al's many times so it was time to try it out. The bar has really neat decor with the tire rims on the wall.  Tables are clean with tall ceilings.it wasn't very busy when we walked in but by the time we left it was.  I only say this because they are a smoking bar.  I didn't realize until after we were sitting there for a bit.  The smoke wasn't too bad at first but when you fill the place up, it was really bothering the hubby.  I would have thought the tall ceilings would ventilate the smoke away from the dining area better, but I was wrong.It was really a one man show there.  He was tending bar and waiting on all of the tables.  It was a little hectic but he seemed to handle it pretty well.  He was really friendly and informative about their menus.  He brought us a menu from Presidio next door along with Al's menu.  They apparently share kitchens so you can order anything from that menu as well.  Makes it convenient if you know you wanted something from Presidio.  As far as the food, nachos were ok.  But that's about it,... just ok.  Chicken that we had ordered for the extra topping was few and far between.  The wings were good.  They were a nice size with a wonderful buffalo hot wing flavor.  They aren't breaded so I feel a little better about eating them.  ;-) So I would go back if someone wanted to go but I won't be rushing back on my own.
5	I always have a great time coming to Al's. Whether it's coming for Monday Night Football, or just to catch up with friends, Al's has become my regular bar to come and hang out at.A large reason for that is the staff. I cannot stress enough how great they are, they remembered my usual drink and food after just a couple visits. Plus, they're easily some of the friendliest around. The selection of drinks is pretty darn impressive, they even have some of the less popular beers and other spirits for those of us with eclectic tastes. Food is the usual bar fair, but the quality is higher than you would expect when you first walk in. If you aren't necessarily in the mood for bar food you can also order from the menu for Presidio next door and just enjoy the ambiance.Come in and give it a try. I enjoy my time here and I hope you will too.
3	This place is great, one of the few patios you can sit on and enjoy a beer and the weather...if only you could get that beer. I keep going back and every single time I am disappointed. The service is just terrible.  It's  usually very empty so I am always baffled that the waitresses can't keep up with the 3 customers they have. It's been this way for years and I wonder is the manager just that unaware of the bad help he hires? Such a cool little spot if they could just get that figured out
1	It wouldnt let me leave a 0 stars. Terriable service. Frozen burger patties and warm beers. There is to much competition in Las Vegas for this below par establishment.
4	Not a bad place for a beer and watch some sports.  Small menu (but hey it's a bar).  Lots of TV's and decent beer selection.
2	My best friend wanted to meet here for Happy Hour so I agreed to his request.  We decided to sit outside on their wooden picnic benches which I have to say had the best vantage point. The age range for the crowd was around early 30's and over although I found the mood to be very energetic and lively. We noticed that the bar was doing a beer tasting with a Eugene brewery called Ninkasi. The event was cool, they simply gave us three sample beers to drink. The only one that stood out for me was the Tricerahops, I was surprised they told me it was a double IPA because I normally do not like IPAs. Although I found it to have a robust flavor not too over-powering with hops and had a really nice smooth finish. The event was probably the highlight of our experience at Al's Garage. The food was just okay, I ordered the chicken quesadilla and my friend had the fish tacos. He could only eat one taco and not because he was just getting full. I figured that mediocre food would at least come to your table quicker so you won't notice it as much. The service was meh, the waitress had a fun personality but she was slow. We had to wave her down several times, for drinks, ordering food, and getting the check. Next time, I will stick to just beers and shots!
4	This is a cool little gaming bar. Also has plenty of TV's to watch your favorite game.
3	I came here on Saturday, which turns out was their last day as Al's Garage?A server told me that it would be re-opening as a craft cocktail & beer spot with a English pub theme.Stay posted to Yelp for updates!
1	As of July 1st or before it's officially closed. I read online that Al's and Presidio are turning into new places but I believe it's the same shitty management.
