3	Was on the hunt for something new to try. After watching too much travel channel I decided that I really wanted to try blood sausage and pirozhki. Gave up on finding pirozhki today because to many places were closed :(I remembered this place was up the street and decided to give blood sausage one more try. To my surprise when I called they answered and had what I was looking for. This was way outside the scope of luck I seemed to be having today.I took a quick drive up there. I walked in and was one or two customers in the very tiny but cool shop. The other customer spoke fluent German and there was mass native tongue flying all around me. Kinda cool but also made me feel very out of place.The only gripe I really have was there were 3 people in the back smoking and chatting and one lady in the front talking and helping the other customer. I was in there for a good 10-15 minutes before someone in the back came to help me. Also bring cash unless you plan to spent at least $10 because they won't run a card for any less then that.The lady was very nice and quickly got all I was looking for. Decided to grab some blutwurst(blood sauge) and some kasseler smoked pork chop. I've had kasseler before and figured at least I had some protein for lunch if I hated the blood sausage.I quickly went home and grilled them both to a nice toasty temp. The pork chop was good. Nothing spectacular but its smoked pork.. it really can't be bad.The blutwurst was.... AMAZING! This may now be one of my favorite tube shaped foods, as Bourdain would call it.It had this amazing dark rich flavor followed by a strong flavor from the barely that was also in the sausage. Very earth.. very.. I would say blood like but I can't say with any certainty I've had another blood product before.
4	Growing up with a German great-grandmother who was straight off the boat, my childhood did not lack the presence of sausages like Knackwurst and Bratwurst. As a child I always tried them, but did not like them. So, in the name of adult research I am starting my Phoenix 'culinaria germany' research at the Edelweiss Deli.I have driven by this deli for 3 years now. Walking in I was surprised to see a small selection of ingredients like mustard, vinegars, huge jars of sauerkraut, egg noodles, etc. along the back wall. Behind the counter there were sausages of all kinds, slabs of bacon and a few gelatinous deli meats I was scared to try. There was also a few different dessert breads and some beautiful Streusels on display.I stuck with the basics and decided on a simple lunch special of Knackwurst with German Potato Salad and Sauerkraut. As Sara K. mentions, it does says "Dieters Beware" on the door - so naturally the German potato salad and sauerkraut had smoked bacon in both. A little overwhelming for my dainty American palate so I had a few bites but that was enough. However, the Knackwurst was excellent had great flavor and went well with the Bavarian Style and Hot Mustard I purchased. Nicely priced at just under $7 the lunch specials came with the meat and sides and a roll.I didn't have the uncomfortable experience some of the others did, and in fact, the sweetly accented German-American woman was very nice but meant serious business behind the counter. I can appreciate a delicatessen that is run by the real deal.I will definitely be back to try more, purchase sausages and to further expand my knowledge and palate in addition to purchasing all mustard from european style delicatessens moving forward!
4	Hey everyone, the named changed!!!   Edelweiss is now Badische Deli.  Same high quality produces and great food. Get your German on, go get some Brats or Wurst!!!
