4	Totally different than one in downtown chandler.  Menu is a little different and the food is more expensive, but still tastes great.  Staff was friendly and place was clean.  Will go back.
5	Our first time at Morenos. AWESOME Mexican Food. Two (of best tacos I've had in long time) rice & beans $8,49 great specials like Wed $1.99/tacos. Chen them out. (S.W. Corner Gilbert & Germann in Chandler, AZ)
1	This was my third visit, and my last. Each time I come, I try something else- thinking my last poor experience was just a fluke. It's not, this place just stinks. This time, the food was average, at BEST.  Though it was hot, it took awhile to get out and looked like it had just been thrown on the plate! The worst was the service. Never have I ever tipped under 10% or had such a poor customer service experience. The waitress came to take our order and then disappeared (busers brought out our food, and then too disappeared). We literally had to waive her down to ask for our check, and even then, she never showed up again. Ten minutes later, we had to waive down the manager to get our check. No water refills, no checking on our order (when we needed items), nothing. Lunch was miserable, overpriced, and long. DO NOT BOTHER.
3	So this is a decent neighborhood Mexican joint. The food is pretty good and the price point seems about right. Have visited quite a few times with the family and the kids really likes it. The good:The bean dip is yummy. They also provides two different types of salsa. The usual red, and a sweet green salsa. I like most of everything I have tried. I like the different variety of meats they offer, including lengua. I wish they had cabeza.The bad:Limited seating. Outside tables are bolted down, so you can't combine them if you have a larger party. Also, if you sit inside next to the patio door, the patio door slams every time a server goes in and out and it's bound to drive you nuts eventually. The ugly:Ordered the crab relleno last night. I was all excited cuz Abuello's used to have this dish called crab mazanillo that's basically a fancy crab relleno. It was my favorite dish until they took it off the menu. Anyhow, so I was looking forward to trying it out at this place. Well, guess what? It's not even real crab. They stuffed it full of fake crab. So it just became a breaded and fried chile full of fake crab. I ate maybe 1/3 of it before I gave up. It just didn't taste good and it really didn't make me want to keep eating it. Honestly I would've been happy to pay a little more for real crab. And they really shouldn't lie to customers and say it's crab when it's "krab". I'm more irritated at the dishonesty than anything else because we like the place. In conclusion: Don't order the "crab" relleno. Everything else so far has been decent.
1	DO NOT COME HERE IF YOU THINK THIS IS THE SAME AS THE MORENOS IN MESA.I was in the area and about to stop at the Chipotle down the street, but I flipped a u-turn once I saw the sign for Morenos. $3.89 for a regular soft carne asada taco?! Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't this the same company as the Morenos in Mesa on Broadway road?? Their tacos are less than $2 each and oh so delicious... I haven't even eaten my food and am already upset. 3 tacos for $11.67+tax... That would've gotten me a burrito bowl at Chipotle along with a drink and maybe chips. I guess they overcharge for "authentic" carne asada tacos when selling them in a mostly new and white neighborhood. I'm normally not one to rant or even give reviews, but as someone who's tried authentic tacos all over the valley, that didn't rub me the right way. There's not even a salsa bar!!! The green salsa had no hint of spice, it almost tasted sweet. To add to the disappointment, these are not authentic carne asada tacos. They come with shredded cheese, guacamole, and pico. Real street tacos usually just come with cilantro and onions. Needless to say, it's a good thing I live not too far from the Mesa location, because I will never be back and don't recommend it. Too overpriced and not tasty.
1	Went in for lunch today and walked out after waiting 20 mins for a server to come to our table.  No one came by, no water, no one to take our order, nothing!  Servers were either all yacking behind the counter or all 3 of them waiting on 1 table. Everyone should skip this place and go to New Mexican Grill instead.
4	So I've never been to Moreno's before and I feel like I have missed out on some delicious food! For any new comers, you NEED to try the Estilo Sonora - basically hot dog heaven. It's an easy and cheap add on to your meal, especially if you like hot dogs with lots of toppings and an amazing bun - You won't be disappointed. My other order was pretty plain and simple, a bean and cheese burrito. It was done right and tasted like it should. Food came out quick enough for a great work-lunch spot and we had great service.Word to the wise: the booths aren't comfortable if you're on the larger side...I'm just saying.
5	Okay, first of all, don't trust all the poor reviews. One of them rated this restaurant when it was only 4 days old for being too crowded and disorganized. It was open only 4 days, give them some time to work out the kinks. Another bad one I read was about how the pricing is too high compared to their other location in Chandler. The other location is not a sit down restaurant with servers so of course the price will be a bit more; more overhead. If you are wanting a quick, less expensive experience, the other location is better for that. My hubby and I went today at 1:30. The restaurant was busy but we were able to sit down right away. They brought us chips with two salsas plus bean dip. The salsas were delicious. The green tomatillo salsa was a little sweet and mild. The red was very tasty and also mild. My husband loved the bean dip. The first batch of chips and accompaniments are free. I had iced tea which was also very good and tasted fresh brewed.Hubby ordered the crab relleno which comes with a good sized portion of rice and beans. OMG, that thing was delish! At only $8.99, it was a very good value. I usually hate rellenos but this one was crisp, filled with fresh delicate crab in a spinach cheese sauce, and was all very flavorful. So good! I highly recommend it. I had the pollo fundido. It was quite good as well. It was, what I consider, a shareable size and came with rice and beans as well. I liked how it wasn't super greasy or completely drowned in cream sauce. It had just enough under the melted cheese to add flavor without overpowering it. The chicken had good flavor and was obviously not canned or frozen. For $7.99, I felt like I definitely got my money's worth and I have half of my meal leftover for lunch tomorrow. The host and server were kind, quick, and efficient. We only waited maybe 10 minutes for our food. The atmosphere was nice and the music was not obtrusive. They have a nice little patio that I'll have to try before it gets too hot. I would not hesitate in recommending this Moreno's Mexican Grill, it was a very good experience.
4	This is a nice cross between a "Garcia's sit down and a "Filiberto's" grab and go. They have an extensive menu selection, you may have a hard time deciding what to get. The salsa's and bean dips that come with the chips taste very fresh and unique. The wait staff we have both times were very attentive and pleasant. The only down side for me was my son ordered bean burro and the first bite made the bottom explode and squirted all the contents out. They were kind enough to make him a new one, which did the same thing. :) All in all, worth a visit. They even have fried ice cream, which is a plus with kids.
3	Fair - beans were barely warm. Rice is real flat. The pineapple sauce on the shrimp taco is good, they use salad shrimp this don't devein the shrimpService was ok seems like waiter couldn't grasp what I wanted thus a mix-up on what was delivered. Straws and food droppings on floor - lunch rush just ending good time to do little fleshing (ok not sure but had customer move so could clean around base of table; should've been done prior to customer sitting)Again, I've had worse and I've had better!  Always worth a try!
5	This is one of our favorite mexican food joints. We can't get enough of their bean dip and green salsa. The green salsa is actually the best I've ever had--whenever we go we end up buying a pint of it to go. My wife always gets the tostada (a.k.a. a chalupa" from where I come from), taco, and enchilada combo which she really likes and I usually swap back and forth between the tamale or the enchiladas. Good stuff. This is also the first place I've ever had a Sonoran Hot Dog which was pretty darn good too. If you haven't tried this place, you should!
4	Small establishment in a strip mall,  but the service was good,  the food was excellent,  and the price was decent as well.   Next time I'm in AZ and craving Mexican,  I'll more than likely make this stop.
2	Loud, small restaurant.  Third visit.  It gets worse each time. Waitress wanted us to order the second we sat down.  When we asked for a few minutes,  she disappeared for twenty.  I asked twice if all the appetizers were half priced. She responded that they were. When I went to order the shrimp cocktail,  i was told it wasn't half priced. I ordered two lettuce wrapped tacos-from the appetizer menu. The chicken one was so dry, I thought it was dry fish.  What kind of a Mexican restaurant cannot grill chicken?  The salmon taco was fine. Surprise!  The tacos were not half priced either! Dried salsa on the wood paneling. Children standing on chair screaming.  It was NOT a happy hour!
5	Went here for lunch the other day and got the spinach enchiladas. They were excellent and there was a large amount of food. The chips and salsas that started my meal were excellent. I'm a sucker for a nice thin, crispy tortilla chip and the bean dip in particular was really good also. I ordered one of each the cream sauce and the green. And I preferred the cream mainly because I are too much of the hot sauce and the cream sauce helped to cool down the heat. The sides were rice and corn so overall it was a very loaded plate. And they were fast. I was well fed and done in less than an hour and able to get back to my day. I'll be back :)
5	This place is really clean, including the bathrooms which isn't common at Mexican restaurants. I like that you can pick where you want to sit. Its a little small but the service is fast and friendly. The food is the best! I love Mexican food and I'm always trying new places and this is by far the best. The prices are a little more than I'm used to but I'm okay paying that because the food is fresh and hot and the place is clean, service is great, and the bean dip is so good. I will be back!
1	Been going there for a while however stopped going because they charged me for salsa when I had a to go order. Mexican food places are a dime a dozen and I refuse to pay for salsa, this was a first time for me getting billed for salsa. Lol
2	Went on a Thursday night. Place seemed em;pty at first, but filled up during dinner. It took forever to get a waiter to take our order. The owner just stood in the front not doing much of anything. They had 2 staff taking orders. When our order finally arrived , the burrito I ordered was filled with dry little cubes of meat. The ingredients weren't mixed well. I ate about 1/2 of it,,before it became unappetizing.  I could't get it taken off the bill as I'd eaten more than 1/2. The food was all in all very poor, along with the service.
4	The family, even the kids  liked the bean dip that accompanied the complimentary tortilla chips- and they usually don't touch bean dip!  The enchilada steak combo was tasty.  Service was good that Sunday evening.
2	I usually love Morenos in chandler!! I went to gilbert location this morning. I had con queso and chips that were good. Then, I had  the shrimp /mango quesadilla. Not only did this meal not have all ingredients the menu said it had, the shrimp tails still had poop in them and the first bite tasted like San Pedro wharf!! The tortilla was so soggy!! What a disappointment. Had the coupon in the mail so my whole family was excited to go. Would def never order shrimp or this dish ever again.
4	I went to this place because everyone was recommending their Sonoran hot dogs. This was not my favorite but I ordered their mango quesadillas and they were amazing.  The chips and their bean dip is also great. Will be coming back to try other things
4	I like this Morenos. Haven't tried the other location, so I have nothing to compare it to. The bean dip is like crack!  I absolutely adore their green chili sauce they bring out with the chips is incredible.  I love it!  It's a bit sweet, so it might not be some people's idea of green chili, but I really love it.I have gotten a bean burrito, shredded beef taco, and shrimp ceviche in the times I've been here.  All really good.The service has always been nice.  My only wish is that the music wasn't so loud.  I'm usually coming there on my lunch break, and I really appreciate going to a place that's quiet.  Oh well.I recommend this Morenos.  I find their food and service reliable.  Enjoy that bean dip!
1	For several consecutive trips, food order was wrong. AGAIN. They say they check the orders, they don't. Eggs ordered over-med, they were raw in center. Vegetarian order of no meat on burrito, they add bacon. Had to trip all the way back. While we waited again, the Mngr sat in a booth and fed himself, never addressed the issue on his own. BE WARNED, they also recently started charging for salsa. Mngr states salsa doesn't come with burritos per policy and charged $1.39 per 5oz cup!  If money is tight and you have to hang customers out with salsa charges, address the smell of cleaning chems first that smack you when u walk in. So hard to want to eat and stay because it smells like a bathroom no matter where you sit.
3	Omg the nachos.... Yes.... And the bean dip.... Stopped at morenos for a quick lunch. Service was quick! Place got busy for lunch so you know people like it. Hubby and I shared the nachos that came with lots of yummy carne asada and a street taco just to try it. Taco was alright. 2.5 stars. Everything else is a solid 3. It's good! Amazing? Eh, not really but I will be back for these nachos...... Believe it. Food 3/5Price 3/5Atmosphere and Service 3/5
4	First things first: the Sonoran hot dog was second to none. The roll it was served on pushed it over the top. In the Valley, there are a lot of mediocre or just plain bad Sonoran dogs. Not so at Morenos. The bacon used was high-quality, and the rest of the toppings were perfectly diced. It was served with a grilled chile that was also very good. My wife had a carne asade chimichanga that was also excellent, and my brother had some excellent flan for desert. Check this place out. You won't be disappointed.
5	Loved this place! Its hard to find a good real mexican resturaunt with authentic food in this area. Dont listen to bad reviews from when they first opened of course they were having trouble, give them a break. Everything about this restaurant now is great,  the atmosphere,  ambience and of course food. Will be coming back.
4	This is my go to spot for lunch appointments and even dinner with my wife. It has a great local feel. Friendly staff, clean, and great tasting food. I can't get enough of the green tomatillo salsa. I recommend the salmon and shrimp tacos. The service isn't the best because all of the servers are young local kids with probably their first server job so they are learning. But that's part of what makes it a cool local place.
5	Best kept secret for breakfast!!!  SHHH don't tell.  Everyone else can wait in line at the chain breakfast resturants.
