5	This was recommended by my friend Kristin - who is an overall pet lover who has the happiest pets that I know of!....so naturally I had to check it out!They have a great selection of everything overall and of course for an pet boutique - the latest in all of the hot trends for pets. What I enjoyed is that they carry some specialty brands of shampoo that are organic and great for sensitive skin. They were very helpful in pointing out so many things to me since I was a new pet owner and needed some attention and remedial dialogue.Of Max was in heaven at this shop - all of the doggie treats and goodies are at eyeball level - so he ate hi way through the store and will never forget it!!
5	Bonnie's Barkery carries most of the high-end, organic, natural, (etc., etc.) dog and cat foods available in major markets. I like the fact that they don't sell anything that is not natural, such as cheap rawhide chews. Lots of great interactive dog toys, deer antlers, tough toys, frozen raw diets and bones. We are so fortunate to have this great shop in our neighborhood!
5	This place is the real deal.  The selection of foods available is amazing; even fresh food in refrigerators. I am a regular as they stock the full line of Origens food that I give my lab.Bonnie sold out and went to school to become a veterinary dietician (no surprise there!), but the new owners are cool.  They have not changed the successful formula.  Very friendly.  Pets welcome on a leash.If you care about what your pet eats, you owe it to them to pay a visit to Bonnie's Barkery.   It's a bit of a drive for most of us, so while in the shopping plaza try a cup of joe at Scooters - excellent coffee, or a slice of pizza at the Number 1 Brother's Pizza - old school pizza joint.
5	Very nice people.  They have your pet's best dietary needs at heart.
1	My problem is not with the pet supplies or the quality food they carry, it was with the GROOMER.  My golden was brought in for a bath and brush and came home with CLIPPER BURN and OPEN SORES on his behind.  He was matted there from swimming in the pool and I consented to shaving his hindquarters shaved.  When I explained how I felt when I saw my dog and his obvious discomfort with the groomer there was no empathy, no apology and no culpability. She didn't even put anything on the affected areas to soothe his discomfort before she sent him home.  She will get no return business from me and no referrals EVER.   The owner did however refund my money when I asked for a refund.  She did apologize for the incident.
4	Very nice selection of quality foods.
3	Since my dogs are on a specialties food, its hard to find at most stores. Bonnies barkery offers the food, but its unfortunately higher priced than some other valley stores.I know that bonnies also supports the local dog rescue that I foster which is awesome. I think they also offer grooming, but I haven't taken my dogs here for that. All in all I think they have a nice neighborhood pet specialty store but could lower the prices on the food.
5	We recently decided, after much research and the recommendations of a few friends, to start raw food diets for our two dogs.  I was still a little hesitant and unsure about going that route but Sam and the other ladies at Bonnie's put me totally at ease and answered all my questions.  They know their stuff regarding raw food menus and have a large variety and supply of raw food items.  My dogs love their new food and Sam took the time and trouble to generate a cost analysis so I could see that the difference in price between the new food and the old kibble was minimal.  It's obvious that the staff takes the extra effort to make sure you'll be a returning customer!They also have a great selection in dog toys, treats and supplies!
5	Super nice staff, smells like animals but that is expected for any place that has to do with animals. Prices for some toys are steep but good quality. Everything is great quality overall and the staff is super friendly. They also have dog cookies and cakes for your pets birthdays.
