4	I went here two Saturdays ago and I LOVED it. Lien was my nail tech and OMG I was wow-ed. I got a manicure (even though I have hardly any nails) and a pedicure. I was in heaven for almost 2 hours. Manicure was $10 and basic pedicure was $20. My pedicure also included a neck/shoulder massage. The way she massaged my hands, feet, legs, neck, and shoulders was well worth the price. I felt amazing. She didn't cut me or do a messy job. It was almost perfect. Only things I didn't like were: the massage chairs had weird massage cycles, I've had better massage chairs; they didn't have complimentary refreshments (like bottled water or cookies). But hey, I love this place anyway.
5	I went here spur of the moment. Brian cut my hair which is very thick. I'm a hairdresser by past history and have been trying to get an edgy a line stacked bob for years but without success. Brian cut my hair. He is a maestro with shears! My hair was washed, cut,  round brushed and hit with a flat iron all for $35.00! He took his time staying past closing. Needless to say he got a $15.00 tip! I got home and my husband insisted I go  to Brian at Azul for all future cuts and I agree! I plan to go back for highlights and a facial at some point. Thanks Brian and staff at Azul!
5	Cut #2 with Brian ... Still awesome! Got a lip and brow wax too which was nice... Thinking facial next time! Try Brian you'll not regret it!
5	Got my nails filled and a Ginger spice pedicure... my nails look awesome and the shoes they gave me to wear home were real shoes ! Awesome service... Attention to detail and friendly staff ! Thank you! Can't wait to get back in and have Brian cut my hair!
1	I just gor my hair done here yesterday. I asked for light to medium brown hair, caramel highlights and long layers. What I got is literally black and white skunk hair. He thinned my hair to the point of a shag and left dye all over my neck and ears. When i called and complained, the owner argued with me and said they would attempt to fix it but it would only be by the original stylist and I would need to pay for the additional dye. I am currently at another high end salon getting this catastrophe hair fixed. I would never recommend this place because if a guest is not happy with the service, an effort should be made to fix the issue, not send them to the same stylist who couldnt get it right the first time.
4	I so love this Spa! I have been going there for over 4 years now and they always treat you so well;)They are a "must try it"!!
4	This four star is for Brian! If you go here for your hair, go to no one but him! Fabulous job every time! Although, he can't seem to get my bangs right that's the only problem I've ever had. I would trust him if I was blindfolded!
3	A very nice spa pedicure that made my day!  Heck, my week!  They are clean and friendly but need new massage chairs.  Will definitely go back again and again, new chairs or not!
5	I came here upon the referral of a good friend who had INCREDIBLE nail designs all of the time. Lien is the SH*T!To begin with, I was a bit early and Lien was right there ready for me. She got right to business, asking what ideas I had in mind- when I told her 4th of July, so was so excited! No one had asked for 4th of July yet (come on people, by a patriot!!). I showed her some ideas off of Pinterest, and there was nothing she couldn't do. Lien spent about 2 hours on just my manicure, and while it could have been because it was a slow Tuesday, I think it was because she really just wanted to take her time and do things right. She gave me a great shape on my nails, trimmed my cuticles perfectly and got to work on the polish. It is obvious she takes great pride in her work, because she constantly stopped to check to make sure everything was perfect. Lien worked incredibly hard on my nails, and I still can not believe how cool they turned out!I have a manicurist already that I will be returning to wen I get a normal mani/pedi, but whenever I want nail designs, I will definitely be coming to see Lien! -Only downside was the price. $45 for a gel mani with designs. However, she literally painted a masterpiece on my nails, so I think it was totally worth it! Thanks Lien!!
5	I love this place it's a little pricy but well worth it. I got gel nails and the lady that helped me her name is lily so ask for her cause she did a great job
5	I am glad that they offer $35 reflexology, 60 minutes long.  The session includes, herbal foot soak, neck, face, shoulder, back, arms, legs, and feet massage.  Renewed!  They often have specials, $30 for 60 minutes longs.  I always check their specials on www.facebook.com/AzulDaySpa.  I used to go to California for this deal.
1	Upon reading the reviews I was looking forward to coming here. I came to get a gel manicure and I have left with cuts on five of my fingers with one of them bleeding a lot. Jessica was a little messy when it came to trimming my cuticles. I know mistakes happen but half of my nails are burning right now. There is not much of a selection on colors for what I am used to, but there were some beautiful colors in the mix. She gave me a wonderful hand/half arm massage afterwards. Unfortunately, there was a bit of a language barrier but from listening to the others, I don't think it is a common thing here. I was disappointed with the front desk service. The woman was a little cold and did not even ask how the service was. I wished her a good day and she said "thanks." It is not that they are blatantly mean but I prefer a place with exceptional customer service so I will not be returning. The polish itself has bumps at the tip on four of my nails and started to crack less than a week later.
1	Extremely overpriced the people working there are extremely rude and not welcoming whatsoever they wanted nearly $60 for two designs( a flower) and just a regular purple tip acrylic nails I definitely recommend anywhere else but this place do not waste your time or money
1	Is it possible to leave no stars? I left with blood all over my fingers. Over priced. And you might as well go to Pro Nail by Tina across the road. They're cheaper.
4	I've gone twice now and had pedicures by Christina.  She did a great 4th of July American flag design on July 1st and then yesterday, a full rose petal pedicure package ($55).  She is very thorough and has a positive personality.  I like the fact that she smiles, pays attention to details, and asks how you are doing throughout the session.   My only complaint is the pricing- it's just very expensive to get anything more than the "regular or refresher".  I know they want you to order more, but the pricing is just too high for a large walk in place in my opinion.  I do like the fact that you can walk in with no appointment and get a good pedicure, but I wish you could get the regular pedicure, and maybe add just a little something on like 10 minutes of reflexology for $10 more or see a list of a la cart items to pick from without having to splurge for a whole package.  The packages are $40-$65.  Anyways, ask for Christina, she is very good at her job and pleasant to deal with.
4	Came here for the first time the other day. Got a brow wax and a pedicure. They did an awesome job with both and I love the atmosphere - very nice! Everyone was very friendly and welcoming. Would definitely recommend! The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because it is a but pricy! I got a basic manicure for $20, which is not bad. However, they have many other options available - unfortunately they are quite expensive and I was not able to add on any of the items individually. I did get nail art on my toes and they did an excellent job! I will be returning, but only for the basic pedicure. :)
4	Went in today and had another great experience.  I had the regular pedicure but added callus scrub and french tips on the toes.  Christina is very very good.  She really gives a good leg and foot massage and your nails are thoroughly examined and cared for.  I also found out they do massage and reflexology without the pedicure.  I may come in for more spa like relaxation.
5	My mother and I went to AZUL for some pampering and we were very impressed. I got a massage which was perfect. It is very hard for me to find a masseuse who uses the right pressure that I ask for and ZOYA, the masseuse, did excellent at listening to my needs. My mom had a pedicure and she was so impressed on how much more effort they put into a pedicure than other places. They do a lot of massage of the legs and feet, they really help you relax even if it's just to get your toes down. I got my nails done with gel for the first time and they look beautiful. This place is definitely the only place I'm going to go for my spa needs. OH AND THE PRICES WERE REASONABLE :)
4	Nice place where you can take care of everything at once!  Massage by Karen including great conversation. Facial was great and I don't have the names of the nice lady who did it or the mani pedi girls but it was nice to walk in and have it all done at once!!
5	I highly recommend this place...prices are reasonable and they have some fantastic artist!
