4	This is a great little place for mani pedis on the cheap. If you don't want to pay for Polish but want more experience than Aveda Institute, Queen City is for you. They carry mostly OPI products and some Essie. They even offer complementary drinks ... yep, drinks.
3	I've gotten the jelly service a few times and I've decided it is pricey and I'm not sure I'd do it again since the actual pedicure quality wasn't as good. I felt their cleanliness was slightly questionable and they used the graters is that illegal here? It was in TX... They'd pull it out of the caddy NOT a sterilizer not cool!
1	I wish I had the name of the lady who did my nails, but I was very dissapointed with this place!! I have been to two other salons in Charlotte and this was the worst by far. Went in for a gel manicure and she ended up having to re-do, as in completely strip and start over on 8 of 10 nails! The finished product, 2 hours later was a very sloppy paint job. Didnt seem to care and charged me full amount after complaining I wasnt happy.
5	Mary and her staff are professional and provide excellent service at a great price!  My mani/pedi's look natural and my nails have grown long and healthy.  I've been very pleased with each service and have become a regular customer.  Queen City is the best in town and I highly recommend them!
5	I had a delightful time for my first pedicure with Mary. I called before they opened and she invited me to come on in early. She did a great job and it was a lot of fun to talk with her while she was making my feet look lovely. Also the prices are great, especially for a location so convenient to SouthEnd and Uptown.
3	I've gotten two pedicures from this play and both times have been just okay. It is not a terribly friendly and welcoming environment but good if you just want to get in and out. Both times I've come on Saturday mornings and didn't have to wait. Most recently, the lady doing my toes did not speak a lick of English. Nothing. I had a cut a cut on me foot I kept trying to tell her about and she has no idea what I was saying. I understand that these ladies are not great English speakers but I like at least being able to communicate when I'm in pain.The paint selection I find small compared to most salons and most of the colors seem to be tailored to older, mature women, which is fine. Mostly carry OPI but they also have some Essie as well.The place seems clean enough. Not impressively clean but enough that I felt comfortable getting a pedicure.If this place wasn't so convenient to where I live I would probably seek out a different option.
5	Love this place!! Lived here for years and this is by far my favorite place for gel Mani's and pedis. Good service and unique decor
