5	This is now called Fahrenheit Tanning. They are very friendly and reall care that you don't get burned. Never a wait and the rooms are clean and good in size.  I love the fans, they are powerful and keep you cool. Can't wait to see serious results.
1	I would never do business here again. I signed up for a12 month contract in their best bed and after a year they kept charging me, claiming that they needed a 30 day notice to cancel my contract even though I had just signed up for 12 months. When I informed them that I had not been made aware of this at the time of the sale, they were rude, acted like it was my problem, didn't refund the 13th month they charged and told me that they had been doing this for 8 years and this is just how it was done. I would highly recommend avoiding this location as they do not do honest business and their customer service is atrocious.
1	This place is a joke. All the women who work here have ridiculous attitudes. Like they're doing you a favor by doing their job. I paid for an expensive bed that I rarely get to use. When I do wait for that bed, they don't clean it after someone leaves they just sit around until you remind them that you're waiting to use it. Once they never even cleaned the bed between me and my friend using it. If a bed is available you still have to wait for them to clean it before you can go in which they look really pissed about anyway. Then they have the nerve to tell you to gather their stuff out of the room. How lazy can a person be, you'd swear they weren't getting paid to be there. The beds are expensive and I'm not even getting what I paid for most of the time. When I asked how many times I got to use it the girl lied until I told her that I hadn't used it that many times then she had to go back on what she said. I wish there was a closer tanning salon to where I live. I won't be joining again after my month expires.
1	The employees are extremely rude and ignorant. They rarely clean the beds due to fooling on the computer or their phones and you have to remind them to clean it and they act huffed and annoyed about it. I left my goggles and towel in the bed because I forgot and was in a rush she snappily told me to bring them up but they have to go in there anyways to clean it? (which they forget to do all the time) I also witnessed a customer come out of a bed complaining and asking if they cleaned the bed because there skin was burning due to the previous customers tingler cream. I'm paying for an expensive bed and would appreciate good & friendly service
1	Would give 0 stars if I could! I used to tan at the location at greenfield and brown. The owner closed the doors without notice!!!!! I had units and $115 lotion that I will never see again.  Trying to get help has been like pulling teeth. This was a response I received!  DO NOT TAN HERE!!!!!!!!!
1	A
5	I go here for my airbrush tanning and it's great! I've never had a bad experience, it's clean and Briana is the sweetest thing! She answers all my questions, gives great tips and makes me feel totally comfortable when she's spraying me.  I've gone here a handful of times and I'm going to keep going back!
5	Great salon! Friendly front desk representatives and rarely a wait!! Love their waiting room although I've never had to use it ha! I will definitely continue to come here!!
5	I have been tanning here for over a year with a  price of about $25/month, which I think is a very competitive rate, I am overall happy with all the girls that work there, they are always friendly and the beds are always clean.  This place will continue to keep my business.
4	The girls that work at Fahrenheit Tanning are so helpful and sweet! Ive been coming here for a long time on and off and have always got great service!
4	Very helpful and friendly staff! Ditto to what Jo D. wrote in her review. The beds are clean and never in a state of disrepair.
5	im new to tanning but the girls at the front desk are sweet and very helpful! no wait, quick and easy.
