4	This is a great way to see a new city on the cheap.  I ended up taking the tour during the day, but I can only imagine how beautiful the trip would have been at night, as well.The tour guides are upbeat, energetic , and knowledgeable.  Since it was 115 degrees outside when I rode the bus, the guides would periodically spray everyone on the open-top with water.  Never in my life would I have asked to be sprayed with water.  Never say never, because being sprayed is a lifesaver when riding on top.  As many times I visited Vegas, I never went downtown, so the bus trip was really an eyeopener for me.  I am now inspired to take the Open-Top tour in Washington DC!
3	We found a deal on Groupon for around half price and it was okay. I definitely wouldnt pay full price for this bus. I've done the hop on hop off bus program in a number of cities around the world and this was easily the least impressive. PROS- If you can, get the Groupon! Its half price and you still receive the promotional offers of a full priced buyer- From the website it seems as if you'll be paying for one route or the other, but realistically you can take both. I've never seen this with any of the other hop on/hop off bus toursCONS:- The timing of when and where buses arrive is really unclear and inconsistent so we ended up wasting a lot of time waiting around- The actual tour isnt great in terms of information about vegas. It was a guy talking about the random facts he knows, desperately attempting to be funny. Some of the guides didnt even do that. - It was cold out so the top level was empty. I went up to take a couple photos and didnt hear anything the tour guid was saying (I'm still unsure if there is a speaker up there that he just didnt turn on)
4	I purchased a ticket for a friend of mine who was visiting from out-of-town when I had to be in school for a few hours. They have several stops like certain hotels on the Strip, Atomic Museum, Hard Rock, Outlet Mall and Downtown. After having lunch at a restaurant on Flamingo, I decided to drop my friend off at the nearest stop which was the Atomic Museum. Well, we didn't see signs/ bus stop so we waited at the parking lot. One bus arrived after 20 minutes of waiting but it drove off. We waited again and I called the tour operator to find out the exact location of the bus stop - agent had no clue. The next bus arrives and I decided to follow it to the next stop so my friend could hop on already.My friend got on the bus in front of Hard Rock. We were just laughing at our experience...what else can we do? The most important part was that my friend was able to get on the bus, saw Vegas and learned a lot about the city. The funniest part was when my friend was telling me "did you know that the billboard on Harmon is the most expensive billboard?" Haha!
