5	My little boy (3 years old) has been attending Children's Learning Adventure (6980 W. Robindale Rd. Las Vegas, NV 702-263-1292) since they first opened. I trust them and feel good about leaving my little boy under their care. The girls that work there have become a part of our family life. Sometimes my son would cry whenever I dropped him off, but his teachers would always assure me that he was fine when I left. I decided to stick around one day and they were right, he stopped crying within minutes after he thought I left. The programs and academics are excellent and well-rounded. The front desk is terrific - friendly and helpful. You definitely owe it to your children and to yourself to check out Children's Learning Adventure. You won't regret it!
5	My daughter has been in daycare since her 2nd birthday here in vegas. I toured 12 daycares looking for the right fit and time window. I work 930-530 on the strip so the daycare facilitites that close at 6pm just did not work for me. I can not gaurantee i will be there by 6 so they were going to charge me  50 dollars for every 15min I was late. On the other hand the daycare she ended up attending was open 24hrs and very inexpensive in comparsion. Although it worked fine for the months of her 2nd and most of her 3rd year..i noticed that she was wanting to learn more rather than play. The 24hr care place was indeed a daycare and my concern was educational structure at about 3.5yrs of age. She was ready to learn more about classroom and teachers. I wanted her to be ready for kindergarten and all the structure that comes with being in school. The moment i toured Children Learning Adventure i felt right at home. The staff was so friendly answered all my questions. They were very supportive ont he mornings that my daughter cried hysterical during the the transitions from one school to the other. I was most impressed by what jazmyn was doing the first week after coming home from school. She had learned the write the letter T and V and was reciting songs about letters numbers and traffic lights. She was so excited to show me what she learned. The staff is also very good about keeping parents in the loop regarding any change in teachers what the children will be focusing on each week etc.. I really like the theme days they do..it helps support my creative little dancer when she can come to school in her pajamas and see her teachers doing so too, or crazy sock day and big hair day..disney day was still our favorite. I plan on having another child this year and have already talked about putting her/him on a waiting list for their infant program..i was lucky to get my daughter in when i did as there was only 2 spots left in her class. I am looking forward to the ease of having children learning adventure pick up my daughter after school once she starts kindergarten and continuing more learning after she arrives there. HIghly reccomend this place to all families..we are very happy with everything here..btw they do provide food so saves me time in the morning when we are rushing around.
4	This is a clean and well run childcare center.  The front desk staff are helpful and courteous.  But the best thing about this facility is the low rate of employee turnover.  I have worked in the childcare industry and can speak from experience that this is very unusual.  My son has been in the 3 year old class since September '11 and has had the very same teachers the whole time.  They are both educated and caring and provide a fun, safe environment for the children in their class.  They really go above and beyond to provide activities that support weekly themes, etc.  This week in honor of the 4th of July they are tie-dying shirts in red, white and blue.  This sort of environment is generally driven top down and the director of the school sets a good example of both high expectations and approachability.  I would highly recommend this facility.
3	My daughter has been coming here for 2 weeks. I know it's a little early for a review, but I'll make sure to update this review in a month. So far I love that they actually do things with the toddlers. This place reminds of Bright Horizon. I think this place is a little cheaper. I love that there is a curriculum. They have circle time and when I picked her up today, the teacher was blowing bubbles and the toddlers loved it. The other day i picked her up one of the teachers was playing blocks with the kids. For now, I am very satisfied. I'll check back in and let you all know how much she has learned. Which is one if the main reasons I moved her here. STAY TUNED! :)
3	My child attended Children's Learning Adventure on Robindale in Las Vegas, NV from the time they opened 3 years ago, until this month.  I was happy with the care that he received there early on.  The teachers were very supportive and attentive.  As my child advanced through the age groups, I found that there was a high turn over rate among the teachers, and the teachers often seemed overwhelmed with the number of children in their care.  Another issue that I had with the center was the fees charged.  Over the 3 years that my child attended Children's Learning Adventure, the fees remained the same.  Paying $205 weekly for a potty trained 3 year old is outrageous to me.  I have two older children, and as an infant I paid $210 weekly, and as they aged and were potty trained, the weekly fees decreased significantly.  I feel if the level of care, and child to teacher ratio was the same as the infant room, then maybe the fees would be worth it, but for my child to be in a crowded class with only two teachers, the fees should have reflected that.  I regret that I had to remove my child from Children's Learning Adventure, as his friends from infancy still attend there, but my son is now at a daycare that he looks forward to going to daily and does not want to leave when it's time to go home.  Whereas for the last 2 years at CLA, he cried every time I left him, and ran to me every time I picked him up, eager to leave.
4	The front desk staff are all nice, but every now and then when I sneak up on the class the teachers are talking and the kids are everywhere. Standing on the desk, playing with the water. Its chaos, but just like any daycare, its not perfect. I've also sneaked up and seen the teachers educating the kids with song and playtime. Its an awesome place to take your kids too. My little one has learned a lot and loves to sing. Its all because of this place. It is pricey though compared to other places.As of 11/18 I pay 235 a week for my 21 month old... If I had to leave, this would be the reason why, but my daughter loves it so much I don't have the hear to take her out.
3	So after being here for almost a year, I am pulling her out. The staff is cool but I think it's a little pricey. I wish that they would work on lowering the tuition but they wouldn't. So if you plan on coming here expect to burn holes through your pocket. My daughter has been coming here for 2 weeks. I know it's a little early for a review, but I'll make sure to update this review in a month. So far I love that they actually do things with the toddlers. This place reminds of Bright Horizon. I think this place is a little cheaper. I love that there is a curriculum. They have circle time and when I picked her up today, the teacher was blowing bubbles and the toddlers loved it. The other day i picked her up one of the teachers was playing blocks with the kids. For now, I am very satisfied. I'll check back in and let you all know how much she has learned. Which is one if the main reasons I moved her here. STAY TUNED! :)
4	Last week was supposed to be my daughters last day. I spoke to the director and they worked with me. I was so sad to have to pull her out because they are so nice to her and my now 2 year old loves every single one of the teachers. This place is so convenient and I don't have to worry about prepping her food. Saves us time in the morning. Thank you CLA for taking care of our family and especially my baby girl...
