5	Yesterday I went to the Russo Salon and Spa for the first time in Fountain Hills, AZ. They just celebrated their one year anniversary. As soon as I walked in the door for my appointment, I was taken back with the open feeling of the salon and how tastefully it was designed. Sharp, modern and beautifully appointed.  It looked like a salon you would find in New York, Chicago, Scottsdale. My stylist was Kylie Sparks, young, upbeat and very personable and extremely talented. She really did a great job with my color, highlights and haircut. I highly recommend her. Hey here is a cool thing also, they have hairdryers that extend down from the ceiling and a work station with wifi. So while you are under the dryer you can be working on your computer. So if you live in Fountain Hills or are a seasonal visitor and need a great salon, call the Russo Salon. Their number is 480-837-8300
5	I cannot even begin to tell you how amazing Russo Salon is. I don't care what part of the valley you live in, but trust me when I say it is well worth the drive to Fountain Hills because this place is hands down the absolute best there is in AZ.Last night I had my hair highlighted by my usual guy in Scottsdale. I don't know what he was on, but he left my hair fried to the point that my ends were turned to mush and breaking off, I had chunks of light and dark streaks in the front and bleach blonde in the back. He even managed to somehow get patches of blue, yes BLUE hair dye in there too. 4 hours later I left horrified and in tears fearing that I'd have to chop all of my hair off to fix it.Coincidentally, my mother had gone to see Patrick (the owner of Russo Salon) that same night to have her hair done. She highly recommended him, so I called first thing in the morning. Theywere able to book me an appointment only an hour later. The receptionist greeted me by name and Patrick immediately started to work his magic on my hair. He only had to take off about half of an inch, completely corrected the terrible streaky coloring, and was even able to remove the blue...in only 2 hours! My hair is soft and manageable again and the highlightslooks incredible.My mother and I are now loyal customers to this salon. I will never go anywhere else and will follow Patrick to the ends of the earth if need be because he is that amazing at what he does. You MUST give this place a try. I promise you will not be disappointed!
5	I moved here in Scottsdale from the Chicago area and have went to several salons only to be disappointed with my cut and color. I recently started going to Sheryl at Russo's and have finally found someone who actually can cut & style my thick hair and really seems to take her time doing a precision hair cut.I agree with the other reviewers that hands down this salon is well worth the drive!
5	Wow! We were at Russo in April for my brother and sister-in-law's wedding and our bridal party spent an amazing morning being pampered and welcomed with open arms! We had the greatest time bonding before the wedding ceremony and Russo made that possible! Not only did they create an awesome atmosphere, but they did an absolutely phenomenal job with our hair and makeup!  My mom wasn't happy with her haircut back home, so they squeezed her in to fix it so she'd be happy on the big day. Talk about service! I can't possibly recommend them any higher, they are truly a group of phenomenal and talented individuals! Thank you for everything!!!
5	Russo Salon is excellent. I chose the salon after reading reviews on Yelp.  I needed help, because it was in Fountain Hills from out of town.  Patrick, the owner, did my color.  His approach was highly collaborative, asking my opinion, but definitely contributing his expertise.  He took time with me, even while the color was setting. He, himself, is a fascinating person and well worth meeting.I highly recommend the salon and Patrcik.  All of the people at the salon were friendly, made me feel welcome, even though they all knew I was from out of town and would not be a regular client.  As I watched and listened to the other stylists I was impressed with their interest and concern for their clients. A great place.
5	What a true find in Fountain Hills. Having moved here from the east coast, I needed someone to color my hair.  Convinced that no one could make me as happy as my stylist back east, I gave this salon a shot. Well, I was right. Jo, who took care of me, did not do as well. She did 100 times better! The quality of her expertise was such a pleasant surprise that I now have to find someone back east who can tide me over when I must be there long enough to do my hair.The atmosphere in the salon is both pleasant and professional.  They made a newbie feel right at home.
5	I got my hair done here for my wedding 4 years ago, back on vacation and desperately needed a hair cut. Maura was wonderful, super nice and did a great job. My mother in law was also very happy with her nails. The salon is very clean and friendly and I wish it was in Chicago.
5	This salon is exceptional  - from the friendly greeting upon entering to the gracious hug upon leaving.    Everything was spectacular and completely client focused.  Wonderful experience - team is confident, well trained and comfortable to openly confer with peers to find the right solution for the clientMora worked her magic - turning a dried out over processed mess into a fresh new look (great color and cut).   Taryn swiftly tamed some unruly brows while my color processed.   Patrick, owner, took the time to be a part of the solution and later complimented Mora in a job well done.   The salon embodies the concept of team which creates a calming environment.No need to look any further - Russo's is a Salon and Spa. Count me in as a long term client -and great advocate.   Love your approach to business and customer service emphasis - best of all.... The results are amazing.
5	Before finding Patrick, I never walked out of a salon truly liking the way my hair looked. I have incredibly thick, coarse, and wavy Asian hair that have always required an exceptionally talented hand. I had been to several of the five-star salons with 5-star master stylists in Scottsdale but never felt like I got the style that I loved.  Patrick at Russo Salon knows exactly how to work with my hair and  brings out its best qualities.  I have been going to Patrick for years, since the salon opened here in Fountain Hills.Compliments on my haircut?  I get them all the time, even from strangers.
5	I moved to Fountain Hills a few months ago. I tried a few other salons but I got bad results every single time until I find Russo salon. I am truly satisfied and happy with the haircut. My stylist Jo was great. She was very kind and she did a great job on my hair. I found the best stylist, so happy!
