4	i have had several pairs of pants hemmed here.  they are fast, friendly, and are always willing to get it done sooner for no extra charge.  i'm sure i could find a place to get my pants hemmed for a cheaper price, but i like seeing friendly faces.  fyi - they charge $8 to hem pants, more for other options like keeping the original hem.  the entrance to the parking lot is difficult and people who park in that lot can't park between the lines for whatever reason.
2	I cannot for the life of me figure out why I keep coming back to Yong's. I have NEVER arrived on the day and time my items are supposed to be done and been able to pick them up. Always an apology and a request to come back tomorrow. About half the time they screw up the work, doing careless things like sewing on patches way off center and crooked, misspelling embroidery, or forgetting portions of work. They also take FOREVER! I recently dropped off a single pair of pants that needed a hem repair on one leg where the original thread had snagged and come out. They said it would be a week.  We are talking about 90 seconds worth of work to those who are skilled at such things, so it shouldn't really take that long, but whatever.  Then I go pick them up, and they have not lined up the hem correctly so it is a bubbly break instead of a crisp one.  They also unhemmed and rehemmed the other leg that had been fine when I brought the pants in, but is now bubbly as well.  The pants do not look good and I am looking for another place to have them fixed.I think there are some major organization issues here, as the place is always a disaster and I think the reason they don't get things done is because they can't keep track of it all. Still, as inept as they are, everyone working here is extremely friendly and they are sincerely apologetic when something goes wrong.
1	I gave Yong's a delicate shirt to repair.  It was my fault for not testing them out on something easier or less expensive to learn my lesson on.  What's that lesson? DON'T GO TO YONG'S!I brought in tunic top which had cotton tulle on the top (delicate see thru material).  There were a couple of small seams that were beginning to come out, less than half an inch each.  We discussed the repair and what I DIDN'T want them to do.  I also made it very clear that if they had any doubt or difficulty to not do the repair which was fine by me because the shirt wasn't so bad.  They said that this material couldn't be sewed so they'd have to make the repair by gluing.  We talked about them gluing very small, thin, stripes of lace along the edge of the seam to reinforce itTwo weeks later I come back and they (badly) glued GIANT ugly patches of lace all over the shirt, not along the seam, like a 2 year old doing crafts for the first time.  To add insult to injury the lace was glued on with dirty fingers (or the lace was dirty) because I can see small yellow stains on it.   My shirt was ruined and it couldn't be undone!I asked them to refund me half the cost of the shirt since it was fairly new and I still had the receipt.  I thought that this was only fair since it was clear to see the shirt was destroyed.  They refused and let me go without paying $6.85 for the repair (duh!).  I can't sew and I know I could have done a way better job.Unlike the poster below I didn't find them particularly polite or apologetic.  Unfortunately  I also think that language is a barrier.  There was only one person in the store who spoke some English both times I came, so its impossible to know if what you're communicating is correctly going through to the person who's working on your clothes
5	Yong's revived my favorite pair of skinny corduroy pants!!  I had somehow managed to rip a huge hole in them (in a fairly unmentionable place, no less), and when I asked around for a good tailor, three different people all said this was a good place to go.  I was pretty scared by some of the reviews about this place - after all, these were my favorite pants!  But I figured I sadly had nothing to lose, so I handed the pants over to them and hoped for the best.  Well, maybe repairing huge holes in skinny corduroys is their thing, because Yong's really did patch and sew the life back into my pants (and for only $4)!  The end result was functional as well as aesthetically pleasing (unless you stare reaaaallllyyyy hard...and you have no business staring there anyway! ;)).  They were also friendly and polite, and my pants were ready when they promised.  Thank you Yong's, you saved me from having to drop a ridiculous amount of money on a new pair of pants!
4	I have taken everything from topcoats to pants here and never had a problem.  Period.
5	I have worked with Yong's for about 5 years.  They are always helpful, they do top quality work and if I ever have had a problem, they rush to fix it.  A few days ago I needed a design created and Mr. Yong sat down and created one with me!  Fantastic people, quality work!
1	Jacket sleeves were shortened, stitching came out within a week. Nuf said
4	Had my greek letters embroidered on a couple of my own personal items. Good service.
