5	Bowled and ate well at Notre Dame des Quilles today with Janine T, thanks to a tip from savvy Amy T. Thanks ladies! This newish, dim,  peaceful dive bar has free old-timey bowling and a simple menu of fine diner casse croute food. We tasted the macaroni and cheese with squash and a jalapeno chutney  - delicious. Comes with a big fist of salad de chou. Another immediately please. Also liked the breakfast for dinner, and the hot buttery biscuit with clearly homemade gravy. Friends walked in unexpectedly (but of course) and spotted whiskey and real ginger ale on the menu. Good food and drinks, $4 pints from 3-8pm I believe, and the bowling! I like the small two lanes facing the cook, framed by the big window. I like setting up my own pins, writing things down to keep track - I don't always need a robot to do that stuff. I don't mind that at this point is nearly barebones, the ceiling is dripping, or that the waitress has to climb on a chair periodically to switch up the playlist. She mixed in nearly half of Midnight Marauders while we were there. Fact: that is awesome. I hope NDQ will remain this delicious and realistically working class, because in those respects so far it's all five stars.Cash only.
5	Monday night after work and I met up with the always fun and lovely Ms. Risa D. for some mac & cheese, 4$ pints and bowling: best...Monday...ever...We were lucky enough to have Frannie as our server and she had me cracking up the entire time in this turquoise-walled, amazing dive bar. The music was all chosen by our server and covered everything from Beastie Boys to Gramatik to Jean Leloup. I love the cute little 2 lanes for bowling, the big picture windows looking onto the street and hellooooo, jalapeno chutney on the mac & cheese? Yes please! The location is close to the Metro and like Risa said, it's cash only.
5	They have started doing the occasional live show on the bowling alleys, and were just voted "3rd Best Lesbian Bar" in the Best of Montreal Poll. The food and cocktails are still good, varying to great depending on who is cooking or behind the bar. The last time I was there the sausage bowl was missing half the salad, and the ceasar was too pickle-juicey, and yet I still loved everything about it somehow.
3	I heard there was a bar in Monty that was ALSO a bowling alley so I had to check out this place! I love sports (is bowling a sport?) and anyone who has read my reviews knows that I heart beer, too. So, it wasn't tough to get me to agree to check out the bowling shenanigans at this place. However, upon arriving we quickly discovered that bowling was out and karaoke was...in? Yes yes, what filled the lanes were not bowling balls and pins, but people of all shapes and sizes belting out their favorite tunes. Hello! Amazing. Do I karaoke? No. Even my speaking voice is awful. But, do I enjoy hearing others bust out lyrics at the top of their lungs? Uh, does James Brown get down? Now, the beer wasn't as cheap as I heard it was, but I think it did the trick...I mean, people started sounding better and better as the night went on...AND, I started shaking my booty to the amazingly awful (oxymorons are not used enough) tunes. I'm guessing the next time I return to Notre Dame Des Quilles it will be on a bowling night so that I can show off the bowling skills that I don't have. But hey, at least I won't have to sing.
4	well first off...disclaimer...I'm kind of a fan of dive bars!...now with that out of the way I checked out NDQ last night with a friend and got to say I thoroughly dug the vibe. Definitely a bit low-budget on the decor and pretty high on atmosphere...youngish mid twenties to early thirties crowd...most men of the bearded or november mo type and girls with toques and tats... even saw a few peeps in the back break out the pad and pencils and have some really nice drawing sessions... drinks are cheap but the bathrooms leave much to be desired (either a pipe was broken or people really can't aim!).... Overall, would go back....
5	Hypothetical for you:What would you say if one of your friends was all, "Let's go in here! It's the best lesbian bar in Montreal, and they've got duckpin bowling and $5 shots of Jamo"?If you know what's good for you, you'd say, "Sold."
4	Spacious and somewhat institutional-feeling (as in, linoleum floors and battered diner furniture) dive bar with plenty of character and very reasonably priced drinks. Although located in Petit Patrie / Little Italy, it's definitely a Mile-Endois kind of place. Mellow 20s to 30s crowd with tats and bad posture. And two bowling lanes (don't get too excited: you have to set your own pins), which seem like a great idea until someone else starts bowling. No TV, which is a huge plus. And the food is excellent for what it is and very reasonably priced. Seriously, whichever variation of their roast beef sandwich is on the menu when you go is probably worth the price of admission. Although this place serves liquor, you should probably avoid any cocktail more complicated than a gin and tonic or Jack and Coke. They're not mixologists here--they pull beers and pour shots.I like this bar a lot, though the ambiance leaves a bit to be desired. If inexpensive drinks and a good crowd are your things (again, you'll only think the bowling thing is cool the first time you go), you should not overlook this place.
3	C'est la place pour etre entre amis, rigoler et prendre un verre.A 4$ la pinte c'est imbattable! En prime vous avez 2 allees de quilles. Tres amusant et sympatique.Leur sandwich sont bons et sante!Place a decouvrir!
4	From the ambiance to music and prices, almost everything here was great. Except: The drinks were mixed terribly. Don't know if it was just these two particular bartenders the Sat night I was there, but they didn't know how to mix drinks at all; they'd erratically mix up signature cocktails within 20-30 seconds, sometimes by stirring them, and the proportions and taste were all off. One would expect better at such a popular bar. Everything was great, but-- please, learn how to mix drinks.
3	A fun place for either a date or drinks with friends.Drinks are very reasonably priced, and the food is surprisingly good given what you'd otherwise expect given the price of the drinks.It's also fun to roll a couple games of bowling -- although having to set up the pins yourself wears thin after a few sets ;)
5	I've been three times, I think that makes me a regular. Once for drinks.Once for dancing. Once for karaoke. Each time was more magical than the one before! It can get crowded, it can get loud, but both add to the charm of the joint! And seriously, where else in Montreal, maybe the WORLD can you belt out Billy Joel on a duckpin bowling lane?
5	If it were possible to scoop up an entire establishment (including it's physical space, the people who work there, the people who hang out there, the vibe/atmosphere, the dancing, the karaoke... everything about the place, really) hide it my very large purse, and smuggle it through customs... I would totally do it. I've never wanted to steal a business out of a city and bring it to my own like I do with Notre Dame Des Quilles!I know it's touted as one of the best lesbian bars in town, but I found it to be both GLBTS and hipster-friendly. It's also considered a dive bar - historically, a place I try and avoid. One of the reasons why I don't tend to go to anything categorized as a "dive bar" is because I understand there will be a serious level of exclusivity involved. Regulars will wonder who I am and why I'm there; NDQ is the exception to that rule. Everyone (both staff and customers) was SOOOOO friendly, and SOOOO accepting, and SOOOOO nonjudgmental, and SOOOOOO laid back... I couldn't get over it. Folks were singing karaoke very, very badly yet people were genuinely cheering them on, or singing along in a show of solidarity, or being back up dancers during performances. I've honestly never seen anything so supportive in my life (it was also the ONLY time in my existence that I actually felt comfortable enough to attempt karaoke... [un]fortunately my name never got called!). For the few hours we were there, I didn't feel like I was in a room with strangers insecurely sizing up everyone around them, but of awesome individuals who wanted to skip past my whole life story just so that we could  get to the heart of our new relationship: being friends (you can't laugh at me for that corny statement because NDQ is a No Judgment Zone; so there!).The beers were big and cold, the lighting was dark and moody, and I couldn't have been happier to find myself there. Definitely one of my new favorite bars in the world!
4	Awesome little chill bar on Beaubien. I've only popped in for after show parties but always had an awesome time.
