4	Nice trendy bar which is frequented by locals and students alike , good food at reasonable prices , students get good deals , loads of plasma tv's showing sport all day.
3	I'd been wanting to go to the Kilted Pig for ages, simply because I think it has the coolest name for a pub, ever.  I finally had my chance last week when a few people from work headed there for Friday beers.  I was surprised when I walked in because it has the feeling of being too bright and cluttered with tables, while not terribly busy.  I think they tried to fit in too many tables without considering people moving between them - I noticed the wait staff struggling to get around to pick up glasses.I don't really have much to say as a pro or con about the place other than I didn't feel comfortable or enjoy the vibe.  It didn't make me want to stay and have another pint, which I would have thought would be the goal of a pub, no?
3	well I think this place is ok. I come here every year for christmas eve and get drunk with my crazy family,the jacksons are somewhat famous in this place. the food is quite good! its a shame Nel J had such a bad experience!! drinks are too expensive though!
3	A pub in my time of need. I was looking for a place to watch some Friday night football and the Kilted Pig performed admirably. It's a suburban place and from what I could see (when not enjoying an entertaining 2-2 draw) it has a loyal clientele. Regular drinking buddies meeting up, blokes clustered round high tables, couples meeting up with other couples. The staff are attentive, buzzing about the place in a higher ratio to customers than many a bar in Edinburgh.I had a bite to eat too, taking the bar tender's recommendation. He recommended the blue cheese burger, which isn't on the menu, but it was duly served up and went down a treat. The usual array of chips, salad and sauces were par for the course and saw me well supped by full time. Now, I'd eaten in here many years earlier and been heartily disappointed by the thin patty of meat that was served up luke warm... the time's they appear to have been a'changed however and I'd be happy to return for more.Why no more stars? It's a fairly standard place that does what it does well with few bells or whistles.
4	Went here after playing at the meggetland sports complex across the road, they hand all the drinks me and my friends wanted to order which is always a good start! Staff were very polite and more then happy to serve you even though it was fairly busy, even the toilets were clean and of good standard. The only reason not the full 5 stars was because they stopped serving food at 9 which really was our fault but as it was busy would have expected to maybe extend the kitchen hours. All in all a good place to visit if you are near.
