5	It's very simple...if you have a Volkswagen and you want it fixed right and you don't want to get gouged, your choices are extremely limited in Phoenix.  Fortunately we have Exklusiv Motorsports.  It's worth the drive from anywhere in the Valley to have Derek take care of your VW.  It's almost mandatory to go here if you have a TDI...all of the dealers in town combined don't have Derek's skill at working on the VW diesels.
5	I've owned 3 VW's and Derek has worked on them all. He does great work, extremely fairly priced and he'll go the extra mile to get you back on the road. Exklusiv is the bee's knees.
5	Exklusiv also specializes in Audi servicing as well! Took my car to Mark to get some work done on my A4 3.0 Quattro... these guys know their stuff! I will never take my car anywere else!
5	Derek @ Exklusiv Motorsports is the best VW guy in the Valley.   He knows these cars inside and out and is one of the only guys in the Valley that really knows the TDI's.  His prices are extremely reasonable and he is very honest about what needs (or doesn't need) to be done to your car.  Derek has been doing all the work on my 01 Jetta for the last 11 years and I have always been very happy with his service.  From routine oil changes, to power upgrades to complete engine rebuilds, Derek is the guy to see for your VW.  He is not the easiest guy to get ahold of but his work, honesty and pricing are absolutely worth dealing with that small difficulty.
5	The best place you can take your Volkswagen or Audi, the owner, Derek is an enthusiast and it shows on the quality of work that is performed and probably one of the few guys that knows how to work on older VW's. This is the only place I will let touch my car.
5	Derek has been servicing my vw and audi for several years now.  His prices are unbeatable as is his service.   His honesty is also a great welcome.  I couldn't imagine taking my cars anywhere else.
5	No one better if you own a vw or audi. Get's repairs done when promised and priced better than anyone around town. Do yourself a  favor and visit Derek if your vw or audi needs some love.
5	Never once have I left this establishment without a smile on my face and my VW running tip top! To add to the experience the staff has personality and it does not cost extra!! Thank you for your endless VW and Audi expertise.
5	Since I've bought my first VW Jetta in 2003, I have had 3 different ones. (2.0 auto, 2.8VR6, and now a mk6 Golf.) Every motor being different and well known to Derek. Since I moved, I've been trying to convince Derek to move to San Diego, but that's not happening. So he'll be my long distance mechanic. His services and prices will keep me loyal.
5	Despite the long drive for me  from Chandler, there is no other shop I would rather have work on my car than Exklusiv Motorsports. Every repair and interaction with the shop and the owner has been fair, professional, and honest. Many times I have been surprised as to just how much I was saving by avoiding the dealer but still getting outstanding service with none of the dealer fluff attached.I've been a repeat customer since 2006 and as long as I own a VW/Audi car, this is the only shop to get my business.
5	Exclusiv Motorsport offers unparalleled service and knowledge on VW/Audi motors.  Derek is personable, honest, and cares about his work. He recently serviced my carbon caked 2.0T A3, didn't hit me on the extra work hours it took to do the job(correctly), and swapped the t belt. I was impressed that he kept the quoted 1 day repair time,  showed me the old parts he replaced, and recommend DIY maintenance.  Exklusiv is an excellent choice, in many people's opinions the only choice, for service or high performance applications.  These guys do solid work, no question.
1	Bought an Audi TT with low miles and went to Yelp to see who could give it an inspection and tune up. Exklusiv showed up on top and so I went. I say I went because showing up is the ONLY way to get service. Phones not answered. Vmails and Emails not returned. I drive all the way there to schedule an appointment for a recommended Oil Change, Transmission Fluid Flush, Brake Fluid Flush, 4 spark plugs, and it turns out I need new brake pads and rotors so I agree...$1100 which I am happy to pay for great car service. I pick up the car and a couple of days later there's a foul smell coming form the engine AND an oil slick in my garage. Transmission fluid leak. I call to get Derek to help BUT no phone, vmail or email answered so I drive over, in a different car. Derek tells me to bring it in, looks at it and finds that a seal failed. He replaces it and we're all good BUT there's fluid all over the under-carriage. He pulls out a pressure washer to clean my car but that's not working either so he dabs it with paper towels. Car stinks for a couple of days and we're good. I ask him if I need more fluid since a lot has gushed out and he says no. So I ask him if it was overfilled in the first place, only makes sense right? He says no, go figure...While I'm there I tell him that my brake pedal is REALLY low, especially given that I now have brand new brakes all around AND new brake fluid. He tells me that Audi brake pedals that go virtually to the floor before braking is "normal". Anyone who has ever driven a car knows that's not normal but I just want out at this point. I go to a tire shop to buy new tires a few days later and ask them about the brakes and in 5 minutes they tell me my master brake cylinder needs to be replaced. They replace it and brakes are fine, pedal is nice and high and firm. The tire shop tells me they also replaced my brake pads because the ones in place were the wrong part # and were moving around in the caliper causing a noisy and possibly dangerous situation. Unbelievable, Derek installed the wrong brake pads on my car!!!So I give Derek at Exklusiv $1100 for Transmission, Oil change and brakes and he royally screws up 2 out of 3. I figure $1100 is a lot for an oil change so I go and check my oil just for fun. As I pull on the plastic ring of the dipstick to pull it out it comes without the dipstick. Yep he also broke my dipstick and glued it back together with cheap glue. So now I have to spend $40 for a new Audi dipstick.Recap: Bad/zero communication - Oil leak - Oil mess - lying about brake pedal feel - missing broken master cylinder - wrong brake pads - broken dipstick.If you still want to take a chance on this place good luck getting hold of anyone to get an appointment!
