5	They have some real good pizza and chicken wings. They are a family owned shop totally not a franchise they make thier own dough its fresh and yummy if your thinking of pizza think of vits and they also deliver so next time you get a craving for some pizza that doesn't taste like the rest call vits or stop by. They are really nice and make you feel welcome!
5	There's a few things I base my reviews when it comes to great food and hot spots, but when it comes to local owned, I have a special attribute that I keep an eye, ear, and heart (awww !) open for this rare trait: family-oriented. I came into Vit's looking for some food before going to play some volleyball with not ever hearing of this little Italian owned pizzeria. First thing I asked when I stepped in was, "How long have you been here!?" And Michael, Vito's nephew, says, "4 years." And I was like, "How come I haven't heard of you?" Michael said, "We don't advertise; we gain our business through word of mouth." And just before he said it himself I said to myself 'They must be doing something right if they're still around since 2007!'I was lucky enough to meet the whole gang there! And i'll tell you, they're one of the most pleasant people I have ever met. Hospitable, welcoming and very warm hearted people! Michael greeted me and was very nice to tell me their specials; $3.95 for a slice of cheese pizza and a soda.  I placed my order and started looking around. Their dining area was decorated with dining room tables you'd find at your own home. Very vintage style and I love it! While I was walking around admiring the place, Michael asked me if I ever had "fried dough with powdered sugar" I told him no, and he offered me some straight from the container he was giving to his aunt's friend. I met Vito himself and he told me, reassured me even, that everything was made from scratch. I tried the cheese pizza after a brief convo with Vito's wife Lois, who absolutely a doll, I headed outI loved the family oriented environment and being that it's a family owned restaurant, I will definitely come back and visit my new found Italian family! Thanks Uncle Vito! :) I will definitely be coming back soon!
5	As I was reading the previous reviews, I wanted to try Vits pizza, so I called and ordered. The gentlemen who took my order was very nice, The delivery lady was also very nice, I ordered the vegetarian pizza, which was very good, The dough wasn't thick and sauce was perfect. I also had the Jalapeno poppers, and they were good as well. I had to try the fried dough and I was very impressed. Everything was great! Thanks guys :)
1	Don't know how this place has a 5 star review. The pizza literally tastes like a tombstone pizza from the supermarket. Oh, I forgot to mention that for a large pepperoni pizza its $24!!!! Really!? Never again thats for sure
4	I've ordered Vit's a few times now and I really like it! The same guy has delivered my pizza each time I've ordered and he's really sweet. The delivery never takes a long time, I get what I ask for (nothing missing) and everything tastes good. :)  I've only had the pizza and mozzarella sticks but I definitely recommend them. The crust isn't too thin but I don't think it's thick at all but my favorite part is the cheese! I don't think Vits is similar to Dominos or Pizza Hut and to me, that's a good thing. Vits is a little pricey but it's worth it, and it's not like expensive or anything. Long story short: Vits is my favorite pizza place I've found in Vegas. Don't go by the bad reviews and try it for yourself. :)
1	Very disappointing.  Found Vit's on Restaurant dot com and printed a certificate that I purchased.  When I arrived, the owner was the only one in the store and we talked about his pizza.  I mentioned that I had purchased a Gift Certificate and he told me that they hadn't accepted that since the end of January some 90 days ago.  I explained that I just purchased and printed the cert less than 20 minutes ago.  He mentioned that they were having problems with the website.  I decided to go ahead and give them a try when a middle aged man who seems to be related to the owner, walked in and the owner mentioned the gift certificate.  He proceeded to raise his voice as if it was my fault that I had purchased the certificate. I told him that I was just trying to be his customer and that his problem surely wasn't with me, rather with the marketing website where I purchased the certificate,  he meekly apologized and then couldn't keep his mouth shut.  I then told him that I would never eat at this establishment even if it was the last restaurant on Earth.  I then left and drove to another restaurant to have dinner.  Never got to taste the food,  couldn't get past the crappy customer service.  Be careful.
3	I want to love this pizza, but it's just not as good as I wish it would be (and I eat pizza at least once a week). Just bland in my opinion - nothing really special about it. I've popped in every now and then since they opened hoping for magic, but alas, still just kinda average. It's a local place owned by a local guy so it's good to patronize places like this. Some people love it as you can see from other reviews, so give it a try and make your own decision.
1	very over priced. pretty sure everything is frozen and just deep fried. hot inside, i understand the overs are hot, but better ventilation systems might be considered to be purchased next. very clickish inside, the "usual's" are treated better, and more serviced. was an awkward experience. Owner talked about finances, and other personal issues that just didnt seem professional. Food was nothing exciting. Blah really
2	Average at best.  Very very nice people, but just average taste at well above average cost.
4	I just have to start off by saying that the owners are really really great here. For my bf and I that can be a deciding factor to try a place. As for the pizza, it was decent. I would consider it New York style. A thin crust, lots of toppings and a little on the greasy side, overall not a bad place to eat. Prices were what you'd expect from a local store. We'll probably go again if we have a craving for pizza and don't want to make it ourselves.
1	This was quite possibly the worst pizza I have ever tasted. And that is coming from someone who is pregnant, craving pizza, and starving. I needed good NY style pizza. And this was so far from that. My negative experience started off by walking into the restaurant, where no one greeted us. The place was empty, so I should have taken a cue from that, but decided to give it a chance since it's right down the street from my new house. One of the owners was behind the counter, the other was sitting at a table with his crap all over it. Judging by the discoloration of the tablecloth,  it looked like he has been sitting there in the same spot for the past 25 years to the point where he has become a permanent fixture in the restaurant. It also looks like the decor has remained the same for the past 25 years. But I digress. We ordered cheese pizza by the slice. $2.50. That wouldn't be bad if it were a big ol' delicious slice of NY pizza.She takes out these slices of pizza.... that looked TINY first off.... and old and cold. I asked "Are those slices fresh?" And she responds. "Yes, I make my pizza fresh everyday." Um, I didn't ask if you made it within the past 24 hours, I asked if it was fresh out of the oven. I clarified, and asked "Was it made recently?" And she said "According to health code, I have to make them in the morning and put them in the refrigerator right away. Then I heat them up to order." Where I come from, that's not fresh.... but okay. I order extra garlic and ask if that's fresh. She says yes, then pulls out a huge jug of minced garlic and uses her bare hands to grab the garlic and rubs it all over my pizza. Gross!  The food comes out and as expected, it looks like greasy, re-heated day old pizza. The taste was bland and unsatisfying. Completely subpar. I would have been happier ordering from a chain.After completing our meal, we leave and neither owner says goodbye or thank you for coming.... and we were the ONLY people in the restaurant. I will never, ever be going back there (even though I could basically walk or ride my bike from home) and do not suggest eating here whatsoever.
5	This pizza is wonderful!My mom lives near here and when I visit her, my daughter & I always have to order a pizza! I am pregnant and have bad reflux, and this is the ONLY pizza in town that tastes great and doesn't make me feel sick after :-)Crust not super thick, not too much sauce or cheese! Perfect
3	Good pizza, nice people and good service. I do think the pizza is a little over priced for the size.
1	this has to be the worst pizza we ever have had :( expensive and tastes frozen . we love naked city pizza and we have to drive 30 mins to get it :( we live aroung the corner from VITS PIZZA and sadly the owners are rude we walked in and nobody greeted us?? I as wondering if they were even open . and u can find them sitting outside on the bench together often? maybe that's why the inside looks so dirty.don't waste your time or $ here
3	My husband and I came here one night because the Chinese place next door was too busy (which my husband was very happy about).  The two employees (I am assuming they are the owners of the place) were  friendly and quick to take our order. I was very disappointed in the amount of time it took for them to make a large pepperoni pizza and some garlic bread. The food was good but a bit over priced for what you get. I will definitely go back as my only real complaint is the amount of time we waited. And I want to give them the benefit of the doubt, and say the amount of time it took could have been due to the fact that they were busy that night with one employee running out the door for deliveries and the other staying back to make the pizzas.  It also could have seemed longer because I was starving and just wanted to eat. Haha Regardless, I will definitely go back because I enjoyed the pizza.
1	Do not waste your money . Sabrett dogs are old. Nothing is fresh.. The pizza taste frozen and we tried them AGAIN ... one more time after we were turned off last year .. still poor customer service and cleanliness...
1	I do not know how this place has stayed open this long???  It's close to us so if it were good we would order all the time..  It is not good pizza and they are over priced,  the wings are bad and super expensive,  we tried it once even gave it a second chance and never went back
