3	Tom's Diner is now Penny's Diner.  Penny is Tom's daughter.  I figured that Tom's didn't offend me enough to walk out of Penny's, and I didn't know just how different the food could be.  Still the same decor and the same servers as before.  The only real difference is the name and the caricatures of Penny's face -- they make her look like Penny Marshall.On our order for the night:Wedding-sameBuffalo chicken (regular or hot)Grilled cheese-cheeseburger with homemade friesHot pot roast sandwich with mash and gravyOur experience was very similar and the food was also similar.  The wedding soup was still good, nothing spectacular.  The Buffalo chicken strips have gotten better as has the sauce.  I prefer the hot over the mild.  I was talked into getting the Grilled Cheese-Cheeseburger by our waitress and was pleasantly surprised that it was actually palatable.  I would never have thought to make such a sandwich, but the beef patty was moist and tasted good between the two grilled cheese sandwiches.  The fries were also very good.   I did enjoy dipping them in my friend's brown gravy.  The pot roast sandwich was nothing too special and we will probably not get it again.Overall, I would say there was a slight improvement with the change in name.  Enough of a change in the food to make me bump up my rating.
4	I ate here when it was Tom's. I eat here now that it's Penny's. The food quality is not as good as it used to be, and some of the prices have gone up, but it's still basically what you'd expect from a diner in the SouthSide. I eat there about once every other week, and plan to do so for the foreseeable future!
4	Used to be Tom's/Follinos, but they changed in the last year and redid the decor to look much nicer and have a more homey feel.Having a sweet tooth like I do, I nearly always go for the breakfast or desert menu and rarely really touch the regular stuff.  The breakfast selection, like any good diet, is available all day with a big selection of pancakes, french toast, eggs, waffles and meats.  I like the chocolate chip pancakes myself.If you want to destroy your teeth and your diet, ask if they have the chocolate tower cake.  It's a huge pile of chocolate cake with chocolate ganache and chocolate icing, covered in chocolate shavings.  One slice will easily feed four people and send each and every one into a diabetic coma.The food is good, though not entirely amazing.  It's not something I crave, but it is a place I'll stop by if I'm hungry and not in the mood for some of the more specific or expensive items you can find on the South Side.Great for large groups.  Groups I attend meet here regularly and the waitstaff is always incredibly friendly, even when we take over the majority of the place with a group of fifty (very loud, often large) people or more.  They're probably the best part of this place because they know the menu and if you come often enough they will get to know your order.This place is my comfort food in Pittsburgh when I'm on the South Side, though the best part of it is definitely the wait staff.
