4	It's been awhile since I was able to gorge myself on sushi, and lucky me, I was able to this weekend.  After visiting two other sushi restaurants only to discover they were only doing a la carte, the BF and I decided to try out Sushi Hana.  With its tinted front doors, you have no idea what you're getting yourself into until you open up.  Inside can appear daunting with his mint ice cream color paint and minimal decorations.  Upon entering, the sushi bar is laid out in front of you and to the left, while tables and chairs make up the right of the restaurant.  Dinner buffet is $25.50/pp, while lunch is $19.95/pp.  Standard rules apply with no sharing among non-buffet eaters, no leftover rice, etc.  They limit you on your orders of Amaebi, Uni, and Toro, which most sushi buffets restaurants tend to do.  (It's a smart choice actually because we can easily eat a few hundred dollars worth of amaebi, uni, and toro.)  The toro nigiri was so succulent!  It wasn't a grand piece in terms of size, but it was definitely good!  What a fabulous way to start our meal.  We were even surprised with our uni order, noting there was a bit more uni than we usually see at other restaurants.  The amaebi is standard, but I do love that sweet shrimp.  Don't forget to ask for the heads deep-fried too!  (Who doesn't love a little head?!)Among the appetizer menu, we ordered some Agedashi Tofu, Soft-Shell Crab, and Seafood Poke.  The tofu came with four pieces and was lightly deep fried and how I like it.  The BF noted a strong ginger taste though, which I didn't seem to notice.  The crab came out in three pieces and was good too.  The BF was pleased that this restaurant offered it as an appetizer as other sushi buffets only offer it as a Spider Roll.  The poke was more like a seafood poke salad with the lettuce greens thrown in.  I could have passed on the salad greens, but I guess it kinda helps fill you up to.We noticed on the "Specials" board a Kobe nigiri, which was also limited to one order per buffet diner.  Of course we had to get it.  It's a tender cut of beef that's rare.  The BF ate his all up and part of mine!  We also had Ikura, Hamachi nigiri, Hirame nigiri, and Negitoro.  The ikura and hamachi were standard, as well as the hirame.  (Hirame is just extraordinary in Peru for some odd reason, I can't quite find the same quality here!)  The negitoro came as a suggestion from the sushi chef, and it was a yummy piece.  We decided to pass on the rolls today, except for the lone Salmon Skin Roll the BF had to order.  It was generous roll with plenty of skin in it.  They also offered tempura, teriyaki, and other hot dishes.Service was good, we didn't have to ask for our beverages to be refilled.  They actually came with a new glass of soda before the BF could finish his first, and he definitely appreciates this.  My water glass was filled too!  Dishes were cleared at a steady pace, often without me noticing.  It was also nice to note that our sushi chef was Japanese as well as some of the waitresses.  Believe it or not, hearing dialogue in Japanese does give some creditability to the restaurant still.  As our bellies got rounder, we decided to call for our check.  The waitress asked if we wanted any dessert, and we asked if it was included in the buffet and it was!  Yay!  (We had sadly noticed no dessert listed, so assumed there wasn't any.)  They had green tea ice cream, mochi ice cream, lychee sorbet, and plum sorbet.Overall, we were pleased with our experience there.  Sure, they don't have a ridiculously huge menu with a million rolls, but we were happy with the quality of sushi we got, and that's what mattered.They are open late - until 2 am! They also offer a frequent eater card - with ten visits, get one free!
5	I don't finish work til 11pm most nights so this place is FANTASTIC!! An awesome sushi buffet open til 2am every night???!?!  Are you kidding me?!?! Raw shrimp?  Toro?   AWESOME.  They even have natto for the wife!
4	Sushi Hana is a good place to go to if you are craving some run-of-the-mill Japanese fair at CHEAP prices. The quality is good, especially for the money. The selection is average, but GREAT for the money, once again. The lunch specials are extremely affordable and although all-you-can-eat is priced the same as most other sushi places, you will actually be better off ordering separately and then it will be cheap for your wallet.  The decor is bleak, but the servers are super friendly. Few of them speak good English, but passible, they understand most simple phrases necessary. Service is super fast and the hours (until 2AM) are great for those who don't sleep early. Sushi Hana is definitely my stop when I am craving sushi at any time of the day/night, don't have much time and don't want to spend too much money.
3	Food: 3 starsService: 4 starsPrice: 3.5 starsWe found out this restaurant from Yelp. Although it has only a few reviews, we've decided to try it because we love Japanese food. Unfortunately, we made a mistake.We went for a $25.50/person all-you-can-eat dinner. As soon as we stepped inside the restaurant, we smelled a very strong grease/oil smell. I guess it was from the deep-fried food. A lot of the sushi are limited to one order per person such as uni (ok), amaebi (ok, but super tiny), fresh scallop (good), white tuna (bad, no taste at all). And they no longer include the toro, which was very disappointed. All the deep-fried food like soft shell crab (the legs were ok, but the body did not cook well, still cold inside), the head of the amaebi (super tiny), and the agedashi tofu (taste arrrh...), did not taste good at all. Overall, the only "eatable" sushi were uni, hamachi, unagi, and fresh scallop.I was disappointed with their food, but happy with their services. The waitresses were polite. Dessert was included, so we had green tea ice cream which was pretty good. I don't think I will come back here again though. I rather pay a little more and try the buffets in the strip.
3	I used to live walking distance from this sushi restaurant and have definitely had my fair share of all you can eat meals here.  Nothing to complain about, but nothing to write home about either.  Fair service, fair sushi, and a below average selection of rolls to choose from.
4	I don't eat sushi, so I'll just say what I know about the rest of the food there.  I've tried alot of the japanese restaurants in vegas (not the super expensive ones), and this one is one of the best.  The teriyaki chicken bowl is fantastic, and its only like $6.50.  Although, of the 15ish times I've gotten the teriyaki chicken bowl, for like 3 weeks straight it was nasty.  Maybe it was the chicken or a new cook or it was being made different, but its gone back to being good most of the time.  Occasionally a nasty bowl slips my way but I pray for the best.
1	Not sure how to rate this place because I did not have a chance to go.  I went to try it on Monday, Dec 7, 2009, but the place was OUT OF BUSINESS.  I looked in the window and almost everything had been cleared out.  Sad to see another one go.  Who knows maybe it wasnt good!
