4	If you're into budgeting, blanche neige is a well kept secret. While it doesn't hide any culinary delights, it is cheap and decent food. The dinners are massive, and if you get the special, highly affordable. It's alright stuff.But the restaurant shines with its brunch special. I'm not sure how they afford it, but you get ham or bacon, eggs, hash browns, toast and coffee or tea for TWO DOLLARS. It is sick - it isn't the best brunch in the world but for two dollars it outdoes itself in value. I was too lazy to get up early enough to get there on week days before class, but the brunch runs until eleven. On weekends brunch runs until 2 pm, and it must be a neighborhood secret because it is always packed. There will be a line.You definitely get what you pay for. Blanche Neige is the sketchy restaurant you pass by a few times. You might look at it and scoff. The inside comes unironically straight out of the seventies and you will have paper place mats. The service is alright in both french and english, but if you complain about brunch they'll tell you to suck it up or get out. But for two dollars, why complain? This place has character baby, and I definitely miss it.
5	Its no secret that Im as cheap as it gets and any place that serves up a delicious hot breakfast for $2, is more than alright by me.Seriously, nothing gets me fired up quite like a sweat deal - and good luck trying to find a better deal than this.We're talking eggs, your choice of breakfast meats (i personally prefer the sausage), home fries, toast and coffee.  $2 bucks - straight up.  I mean - seriously...  $2 bucks!You cant even buy a back alley BJ for that price anymore.  And I promise you that if you can, it wont be nearly as satisfying as this breakfast..
4	Blanche Neiges is a hit or a miss. Avoid things that couldn't possibly be good in a diner... A $12 filet mignon, diner Chinese food, overly complicated salads are all things to avoid. Poutine snobs should be aware that the poutine is made with mozzarella, not curds!Their fries, chicken and veggie slouvaki, and sandwiches are done perfectly. They have ridiculously cheap specials like all inclusive early bird meals for 5.99 or a huge $2 breakfast. More importantly, they're open long after the bars close and they deliver beer as well as wine!A neighborhood gem'
3	Ahh! Blanche Neige, to be advised a fairy tale but only measurably. The menu is inclusive and most connotative of a common diner. Its bill of fare covers from a conservative pasta dishes (i.e. spaghetti with meat sauce) to a similar in style, pizzas (i.e. deluxe and pepperoni). Blanche Neige does not in any ways embodies arrogant pretexts. I had the spaghetti special for 4.99$ that includes the soup of the day. The pastas were al dente and sufficient tomato sauce with a generous meat ratio. The soup was eloquently salted though. The restaurant is mainly populated with regular older folks. And sometime, a younger crowd on a budget.
4	Blanche neige is knowned for their 2$ breakfast! Yes 2$...2 eggs, choice of meat (sausage is the best), potatoes, toast and coffee! You can also get the large breakfast for 4$ and you get two extra pancakes. Breakfast is served daily from 6am-11am (Monday through Friday). Weekends are until 2pm! This place serves about everything..pizza, greek, chinese...anyways the pizza is not that bad but please avoid the chinese. The food is not bad but I wouldn't go and eat there unless I'm around the area or really hungry at night.I like the fact that they offer late night delivery until 2am. It is also opened 24h on the weekends so it could be a good place after a long night. Service is really a hit or miss! Not a bad place, they redecorated the place and It's not bad!
3	Just had the $2 breakfast, nothing wrong with that! basic, simple, but not too bad. Coffee is a bit weak, but doable, extra cup is .75. Left $4 and on my way. A bit slow service when they are full, only 2 wait staff, but just sit back and relax. Very much a diner feel.  I'll be back.
4	People who lives in CDN must know that place.I went a few times with my husband and he always happy because it's cheap.He once said to our waitress when he received the bill: 'That's it?' The food is not extravagant but tasty and the breakfast is only 2.00$. How you can beat that?
4	Vraiment incroyable car on peut avoir un dejeuner complet pour 2$! Cependant  le service est proportionnel au prix du repas..
4	Overall great place.  I went there a lot with my friends at late night or afternoon. Their surlonge steak is great.  I like a lot. Except the portion is not enough for big guy, but the price is amazing. So it's a good place to order multiple foods at same to have a try.
5	Where else can you sit in a fairly clean diner and eat a full breakfast for $1.99?
