5	Just had lunch at Galanga, and I was really surprised.  The interior is really modern, with some custom lighting, interesting seating, and good ambience.The lunch special was 4.95, or 5.95 with an additional item. I got the pot stickers (additional item).  Even though they were not really pot stickers (they were steamed dumplings), they were EXCELLENT, served with a spicy soy sauce that went great.  I then ordered the galanga curry.  It was amazing good.  They don't ask you about the silly number systems that other Thai restaurants use. I hate guessing what the optimum spiciness is at Thai restaurants.  I am not a cook, you tell me! The waitress asked if I minded a bit of spiciness, and I said that it was expected.  This resulted in a perfectly spiced curry.  There were delicious, fresh Chinese eggplant in the curry, and the sauce was good enough to drink.I know it was only one meal, but this may unseat Pin Kaow as my new favorite Thai place, especially when you consider the price of lunch!
4	About a 4.5,the only Thai food  I've had that was better ,was in San Fran off of Geary in the 80's,at a place that has long since closed. Lot's of style and creativity in the dishes (soft shell crab salad is the bomb) and,with the Galanga style curry, makes for a "check this one" out if you like well prepared Thai.  One other outstanding thing I've noticed,is the tenderness of the meats is consistently high in all of their dishes.I've been to many Thai places where the pork is  tough,chewy and dry in their curries. This may be good or bad,but they have no liquor license,so it is BYOB.But the good part is they are in a strip mall next to an Albertson's and you have a good variety of wine and beer to choose from with no corkage fee at the restaurant.Probably the best Thai I've had in LV.
5	Lunch specials here are a super deal. You can spend $4.95 or $5.95 depending on how many side dishes you want. I had the Yellow Chicken Curry, and it was delicious. The Galanga Rolls were fantastic too. If you like Thai Food, you can't go wrong with this place.
3	First time I came here, I recognized Timothy Hutton (Leverage on TNT) who apparently goes there when he's in town.  But I suppose who cares if you don't watch the show.  I enjoy the lunch special options Galanga offers.  My big gripe is really the time it takes for the food to come out.  I have waited up to 40 minutes to be served.  It's not a like a Thai five course meal for crissakes.    The service is attentive so no issues there before AND after the food is served.  They have 5 levels of spiciness.  So I asked for a 1 on the spice level for my chicken curry and swear my dish was hotter than a co-workers curry.  So what's the point I suppose.  Anyone coming here for lunch, I would recommend blocking out 90 minutes seriously because you might just have to wait under an hour before you're served!
4	If they hire some an additional server and another cook, I'll bump my review up to five stars.  The food, especially the variety of curry dishes, is quite tasty and gives you some serious bang for your buck.  When my colleagues and I go here for lunch, the plates are seriously cleaned off.The issue is the service and the amount of time it takes to eat lunch here.  Let's face it, this food is pretty easy to make, and yet if a group of us wants to do lunch here we need 90 minutes, and that's ridiculous.  It's especially frustrating because this place is minutes from my office, which should make it the perfect lunch spot when you have to be back at work in an hour.So, very good food and great value, but far too slow...  If you have the time and consider yourself a patient person, give it a shot.
5	Great lunch specials, great prices, great food, and I didn't even think I liked Thai food :)
3	I came across this restaurant through Yelp mobile. I ordered a chow mein version dish. Although I really liked the service of the lady (there was about 3 tables being served including mine). The dish was very salty, I did not enjoy my meal.
5	These guys made our night, 4 courses for 13.95. The service is just remarkably slow but the guy was really nice. Oh well take the good with the bad. The Curry (yellow) was so freakin good the next day it was even better (the guy forgot to put the rest of my rice in with my left overs). OK there are two glowing blight's on this review yet I am still giving them 5 stars. Why you ask 1. Food is just that good. 2. Food is just that cheap. 3. So maybe you will read this review and eat here because they aren't very busy and I'm afraid they will close. 4. Yelp doesn't have half stars. 5. Oh did I mention super cheap lunch? P.S. BYOB
4	There's no doubt that the food and the prices are great, but the service really needs some work. I want to see this place survive so go check this place out. Just... bring your patience with you because the service is very slow. I've been here for dinner and several times for lunch. My drinks (a coke and a thai iced tea) arrived AFTER my main course. Yes... I waited through my appetizer with no beverage... parched... waving my hand at the waitress.... parrrrched....
3	Nothing special.  Papaya salad was very fresh, but had no heat added to it.Ordered a veggie dish as well which was fine.Thai iced tea was good.  Not rushing back here, will continue trying other places in Vegas for thai.
4	One of our fellow yelpers Rickilane had recommended this place to me a while back and I have been meaning to check it out. So the time finally came to do so and the place was empty... Not just saying it had one or two people in it... We walked in and were greeted very quickly and seated. I was expecting the $13.95 4 course dinner in which Rickilane had mentioned and guess what; not only did they have it, it was $12.95. I went ahead and ordered my food For my appetizer i ordered the Galanga Rolls and the wife ordered the Chicken Satay. For our soup or salad I ordered the spicy chicken soup and she ordered a salad and for the main dish I ordered the amazing Chicken Pad Thai, Rebecca ordered the Beef Pad Thai and for desert we had the sticky sweet rice with ice cream and the coconut rice pudding... Okay so now that your mouth is watering and you are grabbing your keys to head to Galanga, let me point out the not so mouth watering details..... Unfortunately the service is very very slow we finished the appetizer and sat for a while waiting for our soup and salad and the same thing happened course after course, eat sit wait and then start again. The quality of the food makes up partially for the service and I would love to see this place get a few servers and maybe another cook or something and really bring this place to life..
5	I'm siting at the restaurant as I'm typing this Best lunch place to eat curry by far.
4	I'd give it five stars if they offered beer/wine.  Four of us went on Friday evening and the place was empty.  Most likely due to the fact that you can't get beer/wine.We all ordered something different from the $12.95 dinner special, which offered an appetizer, soup, and entree, and desert. Coffee/Tea also included.We chose the satay, the pot stickers, ragoon, and fried tofu for appetizers.  Very small sizes, really just a taste, but won't complain as the soup size was good and the dinner plates were full size.  Only thing that I wouldn't order again was the tofu.  Pot stickers were great.Soup, they offer a couple different, basically a coconut and a spicy soup, both what you'd expect from a good Thai place.  Lot's of lemon grass and very good.Main dish we had pad thai, yellow curry, peanut chicken, and one other thing I can't remember, except they were all good.  Spiciness levels varied greatly as I order a 4 (out of five) which was less hot than a friend that ordered a two and she couldn't finish due to heat.  Desert was coconut pudding and cream, sticky rice and ice cream and a banana eggroll thing.  All good, but I'd stick with the coconut thing.Can't beat the price and the quality and flavor was a good as Pin Kaow for far less money. Unlike other reviews we had zero problems with speed of service, but this seems it could be the case during the busy lunch hours.
4	Another solid 4 stars for this place.  Yeah it is dead, but that's one of the things I like about it.  I love coming here and relaxing and listening to the off-beat jazz or satellite music they have.  It is so much different than the "busy" atmosphere of Pin Kaow.  And way cheaper too.I also love the $5.00 lunch special!  I think a lot of the reviews who say it takes forever to eat are really, really hungry.  I'm in and out of here in 30-45 minutes.  Come and enjoy it!  All the curries and soups I've had here are really good!  Support Silverado Ranch businesses :)
5	I was afraid of the old reviews of this place about the timeliness of their service.  I experienced slow service the first time we ate there and we were the only ones there.  Since then (and there have been lots of times eating in and delivery), they really stepped up on their service.  Their food is also great.  I don't get along well with eating spicy food and they really accommodate my needs.  I love the Panang Curry, Pad Thai, and Thai Fried Rice.  I order from  them once a week and have them deliver.  They are also prompt with their delivery now.  My advice is to forgo the lunch rush so you don't have a long wait time.  With their lunch specials starting at $5, they get swamped.  If you like Thai food, give this place a chance.  They really are worth the price and they need some more patrons.
5	Delicious food!  I normally get take out as I live right down the street and it is always done within 10-15 mins, like they say.  I've dined in about 4 times and each time it was pretty slow inside but unlike the other reviewers, we had very quick service.  Actually, my entree came out while I was still eating appetizer & soup so I was kind of sad.  lol.  I LOVE the decor.  It's not over the top, pretending like we're actually IN Thailand, but it's dark & sensual & usually very quiet, a great place to take a date.  The staff is super friendly and actually speak English too!  I am vegan (no meat, no egg, no dairy) and I order all kinds of special dishes and they never mess it up.  My favorite dishes there are Pan Fried Glass Noodles, Galanga noodle curry & Pad Si Ew.  The sticky rice is AMAZING too!!!  LOVE GALANGA THAI!!!  :)
2	Wow, I think I had my weekly dose of sugar eating here!  If you like Pin Kaow, you'll like this spot.  The food seemes to be the typical Americanized Thai style food that you find in Vegas.  I will say that the atmosphere of the establishment is very cool though.  The interior decorating was very modern, mixed with some Thai decor.  Jazz music played constantly, making me feel like I was eating in some trendy corporate restaurant.   But enough of that, let's get to what really matters, the food!The thai iced tea was ok, but a little watered down.  Thai iced tea is about the only thai food that I like sweet, and this was a bit lacking.  I ordered the yellow curry with chicken and sticky rice.  The sticky rice was very nice in the curry, but this was about all that I really liked about this dish.  The curry was the typical "Pin Kaow" curry; overly sweet and without any flavor that sets it apart.  For dessert I had the sweet sticky rice with mango ice cream.  This was like eating candy; it was way too sweet.  The presentation was nice though, with the sugary cream sauce covering the plate and the rice in the middle, with a single scoop of mango ice cream on top.  Nice looking, but way too sweet.I didn't finish any of the dishes, they were just too sweet.  The service and the atmosphere were nice, but Pin Kaow clones are not the type of Thai restaurants that I prefer.
3	The Thai tea was fantastic and they served it in such a way that I could mix it to whatever degree of sweetness I preferred which I totally dig. Their food may be 'Americanized Thai', but it is consistently good food. Their lunches are great, hot, and on the cheap if you don't want the typical fast food lunch. You get a nicely portioned entree along with soup for less than $8-10. The veggies in my entrees and soups were positively fresh, but not undercooked. The Galanga rolls were excellent and the Thai fried rice was great. The service was pretty swift for lunch and as busy as they were not to mention they were pretty accommodating. They don't take AmEx so bring cash or a diff card for those of you corporate peeps on expense accounts.
5	Potstickers, galanga curry mix, pad Thai chicken, vanilla ice cream with sticky rice! Everything tasted amazing, best Thai food ever! All for $12.95 per person! SJ style!
3	Found this place on Yelp- but actually it was after we drove to Miko's Izakaya to try their ramen but sadly read on their door that they open at 4:00pm (Open for lunch please!!!!) that we drove across the street and I recognized Galanga from Yelp. The BF is always down for Thai- it's the kid that we had to convince to eat there- thankgoodness they have Yakisoba (that won the kid over).This place is located right near Von's (the Von's that Flavor Flav frequents) and when you walk inside it seems very clean with the right amount of Thai decor. Against one window are shelves with various Thai canned foods, Thai sauces & Thai pickled items on display- interesting!!!Now to the food, my daughter right away ordered her plain Yaskisoba with nothing in it just noodles (the waitress seemed very confused by this request...) The BF and I each ordered a lunch special- his was chicken yellow curry and mine was shrimp & veggie stir fry with ginger sauce. My daughter's yakisoba tasted weird but she was happy so I was happy- I just thought the Yakisoba had an unusal aftertaste and not like Japanese Yakisoba at all. The BF's curry was good and my stir fry was O.K. nothing special. My scoop of rice turned me off, it seemed like it came from the bottom of the rice pot- i hate that!!! Both lunch specials came with soup &  one appetizer - I got the egg roll and he chose the cream cheese crab rangoon- both were good but too small.I don't know how it will be with  the regular dishes but my main complaint is that too little food is given for a lunch special. The food was tasty but we were still hungry leaving this place. The soup that came with our meals was what we thoroughly enjoyed. We did have to send back our Mango and Peach ice teas in exchange for water as they were just too damn sweet - i love sweet- but this sweet was too much. I would come back and try out other items on the menu....
3	Food is good but it took half an hour to serve the food.
5	Seriously.  This food is DELICIOUS, and omg they deliver!!!I am staying at the Worldmark by Wyndham resort on S. Las Vegas Blvd. for the week, not exactly in the main action here in LV, and didn't feel like going out or cooking in tonight.  Checked on yelp and found this restaurant is close by.  Easily located their menu online (google searched: Galanga Thai Las Vegas menu), as well as lots of other sites with positive reviews, so decided to give it a shot.When I called & asked if they deliver here, the (very nice) lady on the phone asked someone else & found out they do.  So I ordered one of the dinner specials--for about $13 I got:Edamame as an appCup of the tom kha gai (chicken coconut soup)Chicken panang curry entreeCoconut rice pudding for desert  (Yes, I am in a coconut mood!  Lol)Added in a thai iced tea (they packaged the ice cubes separately!! What a thoughtful touch!!) and then the $2 deliv charge, and it was still under $20 for delivery!!  And better yet--they estimated 40 min but were here in 20.  And the delivery guy was really nice, too.I truly can't believe how delicious EVERYTHING was.  I wish this place was near my home in the SF Bay Area.  But I will be back to Vegas, and likely back to this same resort, so I will do this again. Highly recommend this place.  Check their menu--looks like they have chinese food too.
5	Excellent Excellent Excellent. My only regret is going here on my first night in town.  Now my dinner decisions will be really tough for the rest of the week: try somewhere new? Or go back for more curry dishes at Galanga?
1	The food was not memorable but, getting food poisoning was.I ordered for five people and three out of five got uber sick.The one thing we all had in common was the chicken.If I didn't get food poisoning it would be three stars.
4	Just stopped by here today since it was so close and I have to say its not too bad. However the four stars is a combination of their service and their food. Their service was 5 stars, absolutely attentive, polite, quick and everything that good service should be. But their food was 3 stars maybe 3.5. It wasnt bad but it wasnt very memorable either. The coconut soup was okay, a little too much milk and not enough flavor. The pad si ew was okay too but the spice level was just not there for that either. I really liked the place and really wanted more but the food was just okay. But I would go back because their service was that good and because I'm too lazy to drive really far.
2	Thai me up and take me to a different Thai Restaurant. The price and the decor are the only things going for Galanga. The RJ Food section gave them a cover story review and romanticized about the DIY Thai Iced Tea so since I am junkie for Thai Tea I had to experience this. The presentation was original with the tea iced cubes, but when I individually smelled one of the ingredients it smelled like nail polish remover. Ugh. Maybe my smeller was off so I continued making my tea combining all of the ingredients and it was a fail. I didn't enjoy it and spent most of my meal trying to make the damn tea taste better. FAIL. Now for the food, the only thing going for it is the price. My lunch was $4.95 and came with soup or rice porridge which fell flat in the flavor department. Both my friend and I tried to dress it up with Sriracha, but decided it still didn't work for us. Second out of the kitchen was the Papaya Salad for $7.95. This tasted different than others around the valley which was due to the lime vinaigrette. It was bitter and missing something sweet or spicy to balance it out. Sad because minus the dressing this may have been a winner. Last to arrive was my Panang Curry Chicken. The portion was to my liking and the chicken appeared to be all white meat which usually makes me happy, but with one bite I knew I would never be back. It wasn't so bad that I spit it out, but it was just boring. Nothing should be boring about Curry especially when you order it at the highest heat level. The sauce lacked thickness and spice. It was at a toddler heat level which just pissed me off. This white girl likes it spicy! The conclusion to this story is just because a restaurant looks good and the RJ raves about it doesn't mean shit. I will gladly spend double the price for authentic Thai then come to this fancy shmanzy crap hole again.
4	I was craving this place all day. Once work was over I passed by and saw that they were closed.  Saw movers packing furniture and an empty building space. I was like "damn nooo!!!" I haven't tried a lot of Thai places but liked this place, so always come here. When I went home I thought to myself let me double check and give them a call.  I was hoping someone would pick up and say that I was looking at the wrong place or they were renovating. The phone kept ringing but eventually the answer machine explained it all.They are relocating to Las Vegas Blvd and Windmill. Reopening May 23. I think.Order in advance with this place because might be waiting for a while. I usually order half an hour ahead. When I get there the dish is ready and not boiling hot.
4	Still like their food. They don't have seated table dining yet, just a few bar style counters. More of a take out only place, for now.
4	So they moved from a place that seated about 40-50 people to a place that seats less than 10 on bar stools.  If you  loved them before your still going to love them here,  but just you won't get the best dining experience (paper plates and plastic utensils).  They said they was going to add tables or even expand til then its probably recommend to make your to go. Took pics of the menu, pics seemed ok but after uploading them they looked blurry.  The lunch special, starts at $5.49 give you a choice of around 20 dishes, from 5 different currys to Pad Thai and various meats, comes with rice and an egg roll. I personally like the Massaman (meat, potatoes, beans, onion, curry sauce) or panang currys. The perfect amount of heat and coconut milk that I've drank out of the container a few times when I was out of rice.They have some soft shell crab for $19.99 which I haven't tried yet but think I'll try them soon. Crispy soft shell crabs with garlic butter sauce or honey ginger sauce. And boba drinks at around $2.50, soups, salads, noodles, desserts, other Thai dishes.Located at corner of windmill and las Vegas blvd, on the same center as food4less and chevron.
1	Thai tea tasted watered down and theChicken Chow mien had no sauce no nothing on it. It's was literally just like noodles and chicken and barely a serving of vegetables all tossed together but nothing tying them together. Thank god I have Sriracha at my house to help salvage this meal
4	Galanga gives me some mixed feelings, but it won't stop me from eating here. You couldn't ask for friendlier service or more appropriately sized portions when eating Thai food, especially take out. It's convenient to my work and consistently delivers high quality food. I've eaten from Galanga on a few occasions, always enjoying a form of curry. Panang is my favorite Thai dish and theirs has loads of flavor and tender chicken. Their mango sticky rice is enough to write home about and their coconut rice pudding was delicious. Two stars for food and another for service! However, there's only a few barstools in this establishment and so eating inside would be uncomfortable and hot. Did I mention hot? Every time I come to pick up my food and end up waiting I begin to sweat. I'm not sure if their air doesn't work properly or they just have a hard time facing directly into the evening sun, but man is it HOT. It's happened three times now over a span of four weeks. In fact I tried to get a soda from the fridges inside and even they weren't cold. Not to mention she had to help me get the slider closed because the doors don't work on these fridges. Mediocre inside decor and the occasionally misquoted wait time added to the mixed feelings and I ended up docking a star. But note: the food alone is amazing. Eat here for that reason only and you'll be impressed!
3	I don't really care about authentic. I probably wouldn't recognize authentic if it slapped me in the face. I'd probably just wonder why some stranger just hit me.So I don't know if Galanga is authentic. I just know that it's pretty good food at good prices. For less than $6 during lunch time, I can get my Thai curry fix. I've had their Panang and their Massaman; they were both enjoyable. I actually never used to enjoy Galanga all that much. Perhaps they improved with their move?Yes, this is the same Galanga that was previously down the road in the Vons shopping complex on Windmill and Bermuda. They are now in a smaller location with no tables--there is just a counter along one wall if you want to eat in. For the most part, it looks like they are now concentrating on take out and delivery orders.3.5 stars
4	I've been here twice and both times, I've been very satisfied with the food.Pad See Ew - Delicious! I always add both chinese broccoli and regular white onions as an addition.Chicken Satay - Moist and flavorful. Chicken skewers tend to get really dry, but not at Galanga. The peanut dipping sauce is the perfect compliment.The lady who works the counter (Jib, i think is her name) is very friendly, helpful and always smiling.The reason I give them 4 stars is because they need better seating.
3	From out of town and needing food quickly, two tables with little plastic stools, a cooler full of drinks and a chipper lady taking orders at the counter, we were cautious but it turned out great.  Cucumber Salad spicy and fishy just like in thailand, pad thai/ fried rice and eggplant something all tasty and spiced to level three.  Portions huge, still warming it up for breakfast 3 days later. Steamed dumplings  delish, roti cannai appetiser more than a meal, not the best ever but good.  tons of food and drink for three peeps $48.00
2	If you are looking for a deal, it is only 5.94 for the lunch special. That price includes tax :)Oh and the saying goes, you get what you pay for is true in this case. It might be because I had better, but don't expect to get tasty Thai food from this place because you will be dissapointed.
4	love the chicken Pad Thai lunch special. liked old location better but still good food.
4	Dont let this small space fool you. The food is very good and the service prompt. Many Thai places don't use very fresh ingredients And I can taste the difference. This place uses fresh high quality ingredients
1	The food is not worth eating, I wish I ordered from somewhere else. Appitizer combo is nasty! The Crab ravioli is a joke! Beef jerky is not good, and the pumpkin curry is gross. It's November I thought they would use better pumpkin. It takes weird and it has green skin. The only good thing I ordered was the Thai tea. I will not be ordering from here again.
2	I used to love this place when they were located at von's shopping center. Then they moved to Food4Less shopping cnter, I still like it. The business closed for several months, don't know why. Now they're back and I'm so excited. Today I came back for my favorite, pad thai. It doesn't taste as good and they no longer have lunch special.
2	$10 for Red Curry Chicken in a standing-room only place all of 100 square feet, spicy 2 of 5 came out 20 minutes later so spicy I had to throw it away. Sorry, this 2 stars is for the UNLV-sweatshirted girl who was nice but didn't understand me. Any review for this place prior to June 2012 is for a different restaurant in a different location under different management. I know they are probably decent people running this place now but my mouth is still burning from the 2-of-5 curry. WTF? So, 2-of-5 stars. I'm really sorry, I just can't manage anything better.
2	Placing a delivery order over the phone is just painful.  I had to repeat myself again. And again.  And again.  I ordered the fresh Thai Spring Rolls and a chicken and shrimp pad thai spicy level 5.  The spring rolls fell apart as soon as I picked them up because the shell was too watery.  The pad thai was just dry and gross.  The chicken was so dry I ended up eating only the shrimp.  Not the best Thai food I've ever had.  Lots of room for improvement in service and quality of food.  I won't be coming back.
4	Red curry was excellent.  Small place, but great food.
3	simple/small place. ok service and ok food
5	Food is amazing and they make it to where u can choose your level of spice and I like it spicy. Best off all they deliver which is hard to get by a quality place.
5	I had a great lunch here.  The Pad See Moo was amazing and the service was excellent!  They also deliver which sounds like a good option if you live in the area and like Thai food.
2	We ordered from them for the first time using eat24hours.  The delivery time says 45-60 min and it took every second of 60 minutes for them to get here (even though we live only about 5 min away).  We ordered their Thai Egg Rolls, Pad Thai (Chicken/Hot), and Spicy Fried Rice (Chicken/Very Hot).  The flavor of the food was good, but the quality was just okay.  Since it took so long for them to deliver (although I should mention that it was a Friday, so that might be why), the food was cold.  I would say that the quantities of the food wasn't as liberal as some of the other places that we have been to here in Vegas and the prices were roughly the same.  I think that if you're in the area and are going out to eat somewhere casual, this might be an okay place to try, but if you're going to be ordering out/delivery I would try somewhere else.
3	This is a good take out place.  It's too bad they're take out only.  I love their food and use them because they make my favorite dish- Singapore noodles.  Just wish it wasn't so expensive!
5	this is the only place they give me enough tom yum soup for the price so I drive across town to get it.  Its delicious:)
3	After spending a whole day on the strip, we came back to our hotel that was south of the strip.  Looked on here for some delivery and was surprised to find delivery Thai food.  We took our chances not expecting much and were extremely pleased with the big portions and the quality.The roti canai was amazing, as well as the Panang and drunken noodles.We were so thrilled about this food that we tried calling in for more later in the week, but were extremely disappointed to see that they were closed without any sort of warning, on a Thursday night.  Otherwise I woulda had no problem giving Galanga 4 stars.
5	This is a fantastic hole in the wall.  I noticed many people indicated that there was no seating inside but there is...very little but it is there.  The food was excellent.  I especially enjoyed the Coconut Milk with Chicken soup. I've never had it with so many wonderful mushrooms and zucchini.  I would highly recommend it.  We will be returning and maybe having them deliver since they do that.  YUM!
1	Well I'm a fan of curry and decided to try there's red curry of coarse, wen I got. Back to work with my food I wasn't happy that there was so much vegetables and barley any chicken. Also I order a side of noodles and they gave me steamed noodles I wanted the flavored noodles, the counter lady barley understood me and had no knowledge of English, the atmosphere is dull and lifeless
5	Every year while visiting vegas, I make a point to stop at this restaurant. One of the top thai places I have visited in the country. The panang curry here is the best I have ever had in my life. Also the thai ice tea is simply superb. The staff is really nice and the place is neat and clean.
4	Myself and a buddy of mine just so happened upon this small hole in the wall in the area that we had just moved to and we thought we'd give it a shot. I was amazed  at not only the quality of food but the service as well. They had more than adequate portions for the dishes that we'd tried which were the "Pad Thai" and the "Mei Fun" noodles. I'm no judge of authenticity but whatever I had wasn't disappointing at all. They even have asian deserts and beverages such as boba and mocha ice cream, perfect for those of you that have a sweet tooth!The place is kind of small and sticks to its description of "hole I  the wall" but is very charming for its size. It's a perfect hang out spot for a small group of friends after a long day of activity. My experience as far as service was awesome sadly I forgot the name of the waitress who served me but she saw that while I was waiting for my dish I had already finished the "green tea boba"  beverage that i had ordered and offered me another one, on the house!! I don't know if she was just feeling generous, but as a customer, it sure made my day!!Thanks Galanga we'll definitely be back!!
5	Come here almost every other Saturday.  Best Thai Food in town. Spicy Chicken Fried Rice and Chicken Chow Mein is a must
4	My philosophy is: the more hidden a Thai/Viet restaurant is in a strip mall or off the beaten path, the better the food. This place once again proves me right. The food is terrific and the service great. Highly recommended for a lunch or early dinner. Very tiny place, no alcohol, but you could still bring a crowd here and have fun.
1	I have ordered here for over a couple of years. The food is great. However I am in shock that there located 5 mins from me and it's now been an hour and a half for my order. They said new driver which I understand however I know my food will be cold when it gets here. Last time I'm ordering from here. I have sent a ton of people here. Really disappointed. And am being charged the full amount. Not how to run a business when they know I order here every week.
2	Got take out. Very small restaurant. Got Thai Egg Rolls and taste like just got out from freezer and then fried. Not fresh. Got the Shrimp Tom Yum. Not authentic tasting. No lemongrass in it.  Got Pineapple Fried Rice and Pad See Eew. Both not as tasty compared to other Thai Restaurants. Not recommended.
5	This by far is the best place to get Thai curry. I always get the galanga curry with chicken and spice level 10. This is the most authentic tasting and actually accurate spice level place ever. I've ordered spice level 10 from other places but it always takes like a 3 or 4. Service is good. Water kinda tastes funny but whatever. BEST CURRY EVER!!
3	The reviews for this place is very up and down and the reason I'm thinking is that they hit the mark on certain dishes and just don't on others. That's what happened for me today. I ordered the shrimp tom yum, and YUM it was!! ;) The broth is perfectly sour and spicy. I wish there was a bit more to it, but there's a noodle tom yum I guess I will try next time. 4/5 stars for the tom yum. I also ordered sticky rice and beef larb, which are my absolute favorites as far as Thai food goes. The larb was just ok at first and the more I ate the less I liked it. It tasted like they did not use extra lean ground beef and didn't drain the fat properly, and as a result, the juices were thick with fat. There also wasn't enough lime juice. I was sorely disappointed in the larb. I'm not writing it off though. I want to go back and try other things before I give it a real judgment call. Note: The place is TINY. There are 4 total 4-tops with a long picnic table in the middle that seats maybe 6. Luckily that table was open so it was just me at the picnic table, lol.
4	It looks like a hole in the wall, but the Tom Yum is one of the best I've had in a looping time.
5	Absolutely delicious! Yellow combo meat curry was soooo good and the shrimp tom yum was amazing! Loaded with carrots and zucchini, I loved it. That's one of my fav soups, hard to please me. Ordered through grub and it was there in half of the estimated time, which is also awesome because they usually take forever, but it was New Year's Day, so I wasn't leaving my bed lol. Pad Thai was great as well. A+
4	Liked the quantity of the food they give. Taste is good. 2nd day and visiting 2nd time. Ambience is ok. Small place with 5 tables. But food is good worth coning here.
1	Im on this Thai kick and couple of friends told me to try this place out because its super close to my place but I guess this place is closed down it says they closed at 10 p.m. But it's 7:11 p.m. and it's close????
