5	I needed repairs on a Trek bike for my son to commute to work. It had a bad brake cable, a broken shift cable and two flats. Jon came across town the next day and gave the bike a complete tune-up, as well as recommending different tires for the pavement versus the off-road tires on the bike.  He explained that the off-road tires created drag on the pavement, acting like a brake and slowing the bike down while creating extra pedaling effort. He didn't try to up-sell me; he just gave me the option of purchasing tires better suited for the bike's contemplated use. I opted for the new tires and couldn't be happier with Jon's expertise and the bike runs like a top. His truck is immaculate and well-outfitted, he is both reasonably priced and genuinely helpful. Fun to talk to, and a true professional.  I also had him replace the tubes on a classic Columbia bike the same day, and thanks to Jon I now know that the value of this vintage model.  I wouldn't hesitate to call him again.
5	What an absolutely fantastic concept! We were referred to Jon from our Triathlon coach, Klas who had nothing but great things to say. We have hopped from shop to shop in the Scottsdale area, always searching for the best service and convenience....I think we have found the best of both worlds. Fair pricing, he comes to you (work or home), he is knowledgable, friendly and fast and can order anything you can imagine for your bike. I would highly recommend using Thrill Bikes!
5	Jon was fast, friendly and did a great job. Best of all he came to me. Never had to leave to get parts or tools. Took care of all my needs. Thanks Jon
5	After looking at online reviews of the Mongoose mountain bikes sold by Wal-Mart I found out what a piece of junk they were. This after I had purchased it years ago for my son. You would think the name itself meant something...not any more. Jon tackled a seemingly impossible job on my son's bike, removing the fixed cup that appeared to be just that....FIXED. This man proved nothing was beyond his abilities. I can't begin thank him enough for repairing my son's bike and his recommendations for a bike to purchase. Thanks again Jon...great job!!!!
5	Thrill Bikes came to our house to work on some bicycles we borrowed from my parents.  The brake cable needed to be replaced on my dad's bike and my mom's bike was low on air from sitting in the garage.  In our neighborhood, there are plants that drop pods during the summer months.  Once these pods dry they crack when stepped on leaving sharp edges.  Between the pods and random pieces of broken glass, we filled the tubes with something equivalent to slime and got tune ups.  The pricing was fair and there was no pressure to buy any service.  We borrowed my parent's helmets and pump too.  As I am a novice to bicycles, he showed me how to mount and unmount both wheels as well as how to adjust the brakes so they don't rub on the tire.  Afterwards, I went to give my wife some company and before we knew it the bikes were finished.Even though I know how to mount/unmount tires, it would be nicer if we had a bike rack.  Maybe if we get more serious about bike riding we'll get one for riding outside of our neighborhood.  With Thrill Bikes, the bikes can stay at home while the service comes to us!
