5	I needed a pet sitter for about 2 wks and nobody I knew could make a referral.  So, of course, I get online & start researching the in-home pet sitters that provided service in my city.  There were a handful but Kimbur Pet Care received my business for several reasons:1. The owner loves pets--of all kinds.  When I called her initially to confirm availability, services, & prices, her warm/caring personality could be felt over the phone.  She spoke about her pets as 'family members' so I knew my precious babies were going to be 'cared for' not just 'looked after.'  2. Professional--The owner agreed to come to my house a week before my trip to meet me & the pets.  She brought many forms for me to complete, including info on health history, contact info, their likes/dislikes, etc.  3. Service excellence--She offered to do additional things beyond care for my pets, like collecting mail and even washed the pet dishes a few times over the course of my absence despite the fact that I provided additional bowls and told her not to worry about leaving dirty dishes in the sink.  She also graciously cleaned up after one of them when they got sick on my carpet--more than once!4. Pricing--A full list of her services & prices are listed on the website.  Many of the sites I researched asked you to call for quotes.  That just drags out the research process, which I wanted to avoid.  In addition, I found her rates to be the lowest.  5. Flexibility--Related to pricing, she doesn't mandate daily visits.  Some pet sitters require that you have them come in daily and my pets don't require quite as much care.  I arranged to have Kimbur Pet Care come in every other day to provide fresh water/food and just make sure everyone was ok.  They have also been extremely flexible in terms of my travel schedule.  She even came out on Christmas Eve & New Year's Day!6. Follow up--On the last day of the visit, she summarizes any key points and leaves a little note.  After her first job, she even left me a complimentary coupon for the local coffee house as a thank you.  I now use Kimbur Pet Care anytime I go out of town because of the excellent service I received the first time and recommend Kimbur Pet Care to everyone!!!  (Check out the website for additional information & list of their entire service area).
5	After many failed attempts for pet sitting, including friends and relatives staying in our home, we finally hired Kimbur Pet Care and highly recommend the service, every service they provide. It is very easy to schedule pet sitting, and they are happy to help, even on Christmas. It is also very affordable, and actually cheaper than other sitters I found. The do it yourself wash makes things so much easier, and they can even take over and calm our very high strung dog when needed. Even after returning from a 2 week long vacation, our dog was completely happy because of her 30 minute visits every day, where before she would be extremely anxious after 2 days. They are completely reliable, trustworthy, loving and compassionate to all our pets. We are so thankful for the peace of mind when we are away!
5	These folks are very helpful and nice.  I have been here with both my dogs many times.
5	We love this place! My wife and I have been coming here since it opened. Initially, we just used the dog wash. As they have expanded, we have switched to buying our food, treats, pill pockets, etc exclusively from Kimbur Pet Care. They are knowledgeable and seem to genuinely care for their pets (which makes me believe that they would do a good job in caring for yours).
5	I was on here today looking at restaurants and noticed that Kimbur Pet Care was on here. I would've written a review a long time ago had I known that, so I'll do it now. I've been going to Kimbur since they opened so I know that's been a few years now, I'm thinking like 6 maybe. Anyhow, I am so happy that I met these guys. This is an awesome family run business. The owners Keith and Terri are fantastic, as well as their Daughter's. I will not trust anyone with my animals and I do mean anyone. When I come here, I know in my heart that they care for my dog just as much as I do. They are always reliable and I know that if I ever need something last minute, they'll do the best they can to accommodate. I recently sent one of my co workers to Kimbur for a last minute boarding need. My co worker is definitely as picky as I am, if not more. She couldn't stop raving about how friendly they were to her and how they squeezed her in, even though they were packed for the holiday. Bottom line, these guys have big hearts and it shows. I've never heard of any facility staying overnight to be with the animals... yes, they do this. I am so happy to have met these wonderful people and will recommend them to anyone I possibly can.
