2	I was looking forward to checking out this store, because I frequently think his pieces are cute.  His store was so tiny though, especially in comparison to the other stores in Caesar's Forums.  But, the items they had for sale were just... not cute.  Maybe it's a lackluster season for Marc?  Where was the color, the cute shapes?  It was a tiny grey room with tiny grey shapeless items for sale.  I thought maybe I was in the wrong place.
2	I totally agree with Kristen F. on this one. The items in this Marc Jacobs store are just not up to par with the designs and aesthetic that Marc is known for! I didn't think anything here was particularly cute - not even the accessories. I've been here twice, and both times didn't have the urge to buy anything.I mean, who wants a black tunic dress covered in rainbow colored rodents?Not I!But I'll give the place one additional star just for the friendly and unpretentious salespeople. I'll forgive one salesgirl for affectionately referring to SF as "San Fran" when she heard about where we were from. Hmmmm. San Fran? not quite.
1	what a fucking joke.first of all, the selection was minimal.  beyond that, it was lackluster.  ugly.  hardly any accessories, and jelly ballet flats.  no, no, no.  the sales staff was also useless.
4	I love that store and any time I am in Vegas I make sure to visit. The store is small but it is a luxury goods store and obviously it is not meant to be a warehouse. The staff is really nice and friendly and they go above and beyond to get the stuff you want even if it means tracking it down across America.  Also, they make sure to pack it for you nicely (cute garment bags). Pure pleasure.
3	There were some surprisingly cheap (relatively speaking) items in here! Also, some great sales going on (early December 2008). The staff was really nice and helpful.
1	"You get what you pay for."   I was in the Marc Jacobs forum shop in Las Vegas  in Nov 2008 Thanksgiving week. I purchased a  quilted satin bucket on "sale" as gift.  Well, the plastic handle & the bottom coating peeled off after 4 weeks of  "normal" use.  I had contacted their rep for a credit but was told because the item was on "sale" they do not credit  "final sales."  Why bother to sell an item that doesn't last???   I was very disappointed coming from a high end store.
1	The last time I was at this store was in the summer of 2007, I believe, and I can honestly say that it was one of the worst shopping experiences Ive ever had. The store was smaller than my bedroom, and there were 4 sales associates working. However, none of them even bothered to look at me and when I asked for the price on a wallet, the guy answered in a very condescending tone. When I put my items on the counter for them to ring me up, the girl behind the counter was just chilling and when she finally noticed me, she picked up my things and started ringing them up without even acknowledging me and when she was done, she threw the bag on the counter and didn't even look at me or give me a receipt. The service at the 3 LA stores were a hundred times better and the only reason I would return to the Marc Jacobs Las Vegas store is because I like some of the cheap stuff there.
4	So I've seen all the super low reviews, but to me, I think this store is great. I live in Orange County but HATE driving to the store out in LA... This is pretty much the only place I can go to get Stinky Rat stuf - it fits really well and is surprisingly cheap.  Actually, most of the stuff there is super cheap.  It's a tiny store and I can see why girls don't like it, but if you're a guy and want some nice shirts or hoodies or small wallets, it's pretty great.  Only bad thing was that a few times that I went here the people were pretty snobby. Probably because it was near closing time and they just wanted to go home. Anyway, I dug it.
1	I have no idea if Marc has ever seen this store before, But im thinking that if he did he would be very disappointed. This place is so small and there is not enough merchandise to even look at. The people working there were very nice, but Im sure they would have a lot more to talk about and do if there was more merchandise in that store. The walls go up pretty high too. There is definitely space. This was the first MJ store I ever went to, so it was just a very sad experiance for me that I was looking forward to a lot.
5	This poor store...I think it's great. Went for the first time last month. Bianca helped me (she has been awesome!) and I got some adorable new resort pieces and even a couple of fall items...on sale! And i just ordered more...Very, very small store and I'm going broke but I have gorgeous clothes!
4	This store is TEEEENNNNIIIEEE TINYYYY. Their items are beautiful. I especially loved some of the hand bags and clutches that I saw here during my last trip over to the forum shoppes.  I have to say, I was really impressed with their stock and with their sales promotions. I was in heaven. I found a nice white leather wallet for Walter and a beautiful clutch for me. I bought a few real cute items as gifts for friends. The sales person I worked with was amazing. I figured out why. He is the top sales associate that this store location has. His name is Dean T.  Sorry to put you on blast Babe but you rock!  You know your stuff and you know how to work it! I loved that he could tell me what items were hot at the moment, which ones were cooling down and which ones were heating up. I know it sounds funny but he was SO helpful.  We shared a lot of laughs as I broke into the hubb's bank account. LOL. I had a great time here. I'd shop here again in a minute. THe one thing that wasn't great was that the store was so small and when there was a large wave of customers that would come in, it made things a lil tight. Other than that, LOVED it!
2	I dont mind small- if they are very good with what they are stocking. Who the fuck is supplying and merchandising this store? I say this because I know people that work for the MJ brand and have been a buyer. I know some of the items picked arent the "sellers"....why put it in such a limited space spot? It definitely was a "throwaway" store- where it seems the leftovers get sent. I came in with my brother who was visiting from LA... Wanted this one wallet- of course they didn't have. Nor my backup choices. Shoulda just asked my brother to buy and bring it from Cali. MJ back home on Melrose is spacious, good selection and the staff is both silly and serious in the best possible ways. I didn't even get helped here or greeted....sad because there was 3 people working that weekend. Why do you even need 3 people working at a tiny store? It was "crowded" with only two other customers there.2.5 stars
4	Store: SmallSelection: limitedStaff: CoolIt's a small store with a small selection. They have some cheap accessories if you're a brand whore. I bought a pair of jeans for $78. Any clothing store I buy something from is worth 4 stars ! I can never find anything I like. But yeah, if you're already at the form shops you might as well...
3	Awesome location with nice sales assistants. However, theres a really small selection that has no comparison to that of Marc's other stores. When I visited, the store was still selling last seasons clothes and accessories at full price trying to pass them off as current. These days who wants to spend more money than necessary? Try checking an online website before shopping there, it may save you at least two hundred bucks!
4	As mentioned the store is small but being a fan of Marc Jacobs and his team I love it regardless. While visiting Las Vegas and walking the strip I saw their sign from outdoors and had to make the pit stop. The sales associate just hangs out by the register and let's you browse without the pushy sales tactic. I picked up a key chain holder that was $5 because it was cute and matched my purse. The sales associate also showed me some other key chain holders they had so that was nice. Nice location, nice store!
4	this is a tiny boutique for a huge label. i usually drop by in here after downing a few shots of tequila at the casino, then instead of spending my money on gambling, i spend my money on some shirts with my namesake.Service: 7/10 Variety: 7/10, Parking: 10/10 marc out.
5	The bathing suits are sooooo adorable. So vintage! Lov MJ. Got some frames for my eyeballs
2	Not the best Marc Jacobs selection, although I often find a few neat items.  They mostly carry just Marc Jacobs, although the sales associate said they ere going to carry marc by marc Jacobs in the future.  I have no idea where they will fit it, as the shop is so incredibly small.  You will honestly find a larger selection of MJ merchandise at almost any department store.  The sales associates aren't amazing, but have been fairly friendly.  Not sure what the draw here is.....
4	Cool, convenient location w/ friendly & helpful sales associates who know what they're talking about. This location always has something for me.
3	My bedroom closet is bigger than this store! But fun place to shop. I was visiting Vegas, had won a good chunk of change and money was burning a hole in my pocket. The staff was friendly and helpful, but I think Neimans and Nordstrom have a better selection.
5	First off, this is a Marc Jacobs Collection store not a MARC BY MARC JACOBS (that one is now located on the second floor!!!). For the limited amount of room I feel the store makes good use of it. They have a selection of the Little Marc Jacobs which is adorable :) some of the Jacobs special item selection, and of course collection leather goods and clothes! The friendly staff definitely brightens up the brightly lit boutique ;)
