5	I use the barrier spray summer service. They come spray my yard every 3 weeks for the entire mosquito season - all summer. I am one of those people who if I was a bug zapper, I'd be buzzing all the time when outside. One of my children is the same way. With mosquito squad, I can jump on the trampoline, eat outside, enjoy a drink on the back deck and even garden without getting mosquito bites. It's amazing. I highly recommend it.
4	I am highly allergic to mosquitos...and it is such a painful and ugly process. Now that I'm in a new house, I have a beautiful outdoor patio and deck. However, as much as I sat outside to enjoy the weather, mosquitos ate me alive!In my desperation I got online and put in an inquiry and within an hour, Mosquito Squad gave me a call. I scheduled their service for the rest of the season and within hours they were at my house. Talk about great service!They have two options: natural or pesticide. The natural spray is more of a deterrent and gets 70%, while the pesticide is more effective getting 85-90%. Typically I'm in favor for more natural solutions, except in this instance. Since it's only been a few days (and just turned really cold), I'm not sure if it's due to their service or the weather, but mosquitos are gone! However, if they're still around Mosquito Squad has a guarantee. Yes, I'm slightly mad at myself for not waiting until the weather cooled and feeling as though I spent unnecessarily, but I was desperate and now I have relief.
1	They did not knock on the door as I asked.  I had windows open and they just started spraying...INTO MY HOUSE!!!  Received an email the day before telling me how dangerous the product was and they sprayed it into my house!!  I was looking out the window to see what noise was and got sprayed on!!Did not spray behind out building in back or behind the swing...Husband had to ask the tech to go back and spray those two areas.I will be using another service who has more respect for my home and who is more efficient.
1	After last year's experience with them, I felt I could not sign up with them again.  I was worried about my herbs begin sprayed and we got rid of sprayed herbs.  I spoke with the owner about this he told me to clearly mark where the new herbs were so  sprayers would avoid them.  He would be sure sprayers knew to look for the markers.  I actually watched a worker spray the sign do not spray and the herbs.  When I complained to Randy the owner, I don't think he really cared, I was just one of many customers. No offer to compensate us for the new herbs or even really acknowledge it was their faultWhen it was time to set up spraying again, just couldn't go with them. They get a 1 star because the treatment really keeps the mosquitos away.
