5	this is one of the best dive bars in phoenix. we go there all the time, and they have hot nuts, and cheap cigarettes, and crazy weirdos like a deaf guy with a giant beard that tried to feel my lady up and ex-hippies and old people.they have a pinball machine, and a pool table, and jukebox and a claw machine and a table pac-man and that shooting deer rifle game. unfortunately the darts are a little too awkwardly placed to play. the bartenders are amazing and have been there since probably before you were born. the drinks are pretty strong and reasonably priced.there is also a sister bar located in sunnyslope which is even sketchier and just as awesome.
5	The first reviewer says it all pretty much. The regulars are pretty nice, everyone knows your name here. $1.25 for a beer (bud/bud light/Amber bock) and $6 for a large pitcher, and $3.50 for a small pitcher). They also have a small kitchen in the back where they bake pizza ($2.75 for a pizza that will serve 2! Tehy also have chicken wings, and cheese crisp) They really have it all. Roof leaks when it rains. The A/C works great, though, and all the air comes down out of a slot lining the bar. The tenders know how to mix a drink, and if you tip decent, they'll load up those drinks to the brim.They also have a download-capable jukebox, and an ATM. They dont take CC's at the bar. IF you are nice and they know you, they'll cash your paycheck for ya. True service!..."TO ALL MY FRIENNNNNNNNNNDS"
5	A real dive.  CHEAP drinks!  4 cocktails and a beer came out to $14.50!  The bartender was at least 75 years old, and she was a sweet as a southern belle, but I bet she doesn't take crap from anyone.  She said she had worked there for 30 years, and I believe her!Hell of a great place.  Friendly crowd of regulars.
2	Ok, I'm all for dive bars.  Places with a place to belly up and have a few.  But c'mon, this place smelled a bit.  Like someone took a leak in the corner.I showed up because of the Yelp reviews.  Was looking for a place to kill some time playing pinball.  Yeah, one drink of Ye Ole PBR and I was outta there.The pee smell was just too much.
4	I've driven by this place many times and though curious, I had convinced myself that I would emerge from this place with a black eye and a few missing teeth should I ever venture in. We popped in on a Sunday for a few drinks between brunch and dinner. The place was divey but clean, a mix of clientele but everyone kept to themselves. The bartender was friendly and attentive and they served 8 oz beers for $2.75 (or was it $1.75.......we'd been drinking at brunch). Anyway, it worked for me having smaller beers and at less $$.Not that I'm complaining about price at all, as this place is CHEAP.....I think it just worked for me by having smaller beers. I'm curious how this place is a on Friday night......the neighbourhood is not the nicest.....so stay tuned!
4	Dive bar, most definitely.  This place rocks.  I was picturing something completely different, after driving by so many times, but found my self incredibly comfortable here.  Miss Lil was a great bartender and many would do good to see how she works behind the bar. If you have an open mind and don't cause drama I would recommend giving the Royale a try.
5	The other reviewers have summed up this place well.  It's a dive, unpretentious, welcoming to all, inexpensive and hosted by the beautiful, delightful and 83 year old Lil.Sit down at the bar, be nice and talk to her.  She has a ton of great stories.  Ask about the girl who was kicked out and returned naked.Looking for a place to hang?  Come see Lil at the Royale Lounge.
5	this place is legendary, seriously!
5	This place is an icon. Lil has been here for years. We like to have a PBR and listen to some music and just relax in this great little neighborhood bar.
3	Divey dive, not one, but TWO Simpsons pinball games!!
5	Heather is a breath of Fresh Air.  Love this Dive Bar!  Great juke box! Cold Amber Bock!
5	What can I say this place is a dive bar and they offer egg roles but I don't dare try them. If you want to have a low key night where you can let your alcoholism run wild this is the bar.
5	On a mission to find the best dive bars in America, I stumbled upon this gem while in town, thanks to the glowing Yelp reviews. I was not dissapointed.The Royale Lounge reminded me of why I love dive bars. Open at 6am? Check. Wood paneling on the walls? Check. Pinball, pool, and a CLAW MACHINE? Check. Smokeeter? Check. Interesting drunk locals? Check. Bad classic rock and country on the jukebox? Check (except when I played Donna Summer and Katy Perry later in the night. No one complained. Thanks guys!)If I lived in the area, I'd definitely be a regular. Gina, the bartender on duty, was beyond friendly and awesome to talk to. I played pool all night, and got drunk for about $20. Usually I have to be in Vegas or know the bartender to get drunk for that cheap hahaha. Thanks for the good times Royale Lounge. Can't wait to go to Phoenix again to get all drunk up in you!
3	"This is the place everyone is talking about....?"Pretty sure that's what I said when I walked in. It is indeed a dive bar with cold cheap beer, but I'm not quite sure what the allure is. Sat at the bar and enjoyed a couple of draft beers for a very great price while I looked around trying to figure out what is making this become the new hipster bar. The crowd was pretty much all older men taking turns playing pool. I don't remember the music being anything special. Classic rock maybe? We had the pleasure of being served by the famous Miss Lil who was very pleasant. There were all kinds of food specials advertised on the walls but I don't know that I would ever order any food here. The bar did seem very clean, but it smelled overwhelmingly like soiled diapers.Overall, I probably wouldn't come back here though as it really didn't seem like anything special or maybe I just don't "get" it.
5	If you like dive bars, and I am talking really dive-y...this is your place!  There aren't many more words to describe it.  You just have to go experience the magic yourself.  Play some pinball while you are there.  Do it, you won't regret it!
