4	By far one of the fanciest McDonald's I have ever been in. They had two flat screen TVs, fancy booths and chairs, and an art piece made out of glass. I decided to stop by here for a quick bite to eat. I ordered the McBites...the McBites are not that great, they are way too breaded. I guess I'll just stick to my McNuggets next time. The staff was very friendly and the service was fast.
5	If you're looking for a classy restaurant to take a date; this is the place!  There is ample seating available and the hosts are pleasant.  They even assign numbers to the menu in case you can't pronounce the exotic food names.  I had this dish called a "Big Mac" - thank god for the numbering system because I couldn't pronounce that.  My "Big Mac" was served in some sort of box - almost like a broke down Japanese Bento Box. There were two beef patties and a bunch of accoutrements.  It was amazing!  The beef patties had the texture of a bunch of crumpled newspapers - yummy!  The sauce?  Don't get me started on the sauce!  There are no adjectives to accurately describe the deliciousness.The best thing about McDonalds?  The fact that I was hungry again three hours later!  It's like you can eat a mountain of food and your body just digests it instantaneously - almost like there's 0 nutritional value.  I would totally recommend this place to a friend!
4	I'm a HUGE fan of McDonald's period, (yea I know it's sad, lol) but I very much enjoy coming to this location because it's clean and modern. Love the decor. Came a few days ago to order a happy meal for my daughter and OMG! I loved the Wizard of Oz toys, sooo adorable. Anyways, all I ordered was the pumpkin pie which I was not to fond of, the apple pie is way better and the PSL. The PSL was way too sweet even with the nonfat milk but my biggest thing was that they couldn't even fill it to the top!!. Either way, I know I'll be back, may not be for their PSL but definitely for the food.  :-)
4	So I felt like being naughty and getting a cheese burger, however, once I looked at the menu I saw they had a wrap and thought to myself "humm a wrap sounds good." So that is exactly what I got. I remember years ago they had those snack wraps and that is what I was expecting size wise. They have 3 different kinds chicken bacon ranch, chicken ranch, and a sweet chili one. I opted for the ranch grilled chicken, it had lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, giant pieces of chicken, wrapped in a soft pillowy flour tortilla. FIRST let me say not was I wrong about the size. This thing was MASIVE. I also got the combo so medium fries and a drink. Of course I ate my fries first then dug into the wrap and it wasn't bad, I actually liked it. I could only eat about half of it though because of those stinking fries I was full. I went about a week later and tried the sweet chili one with grilled chicken and like it even more. This time I just got the wrap since there was no need for a combo, I knew it would fill me up. I also really liked the way they boxed up the wrap its in a cool container that  makes it easy to eat.
3	This is a McCafe location. One of the nicest Mc Donald's I've ever seen.I visit this location frequently. I've never been disappointed.The Ambiance is awesome! The decor is very modern and artistic. The dining room is always clean, and well stocked with utensils, napkins, ketchup, plastic lids and straws.The service has always been good when I've visited. My wife had an issue once, and it was resolved.It's in a great location with very easy entrance and exit access. It's near the 215 freeway.It's the location I visit the most.
4	Ok. Let's get things straight: THIS IS MC'DONALDS. You don't go there to be picky and build a salad. When time comes to get that double cheese-burger this is the place.There is a huge salt water fish-tank inside and as for amenities there's a double lane drive-thourgh. That's what sets this place apart from other fast food establishments of the franchise. Not that I'm a fan of McDonalds anyway.
4	This McDonald's is pretty decent.  We've only gone through the drive-thru and we've done this numerous times we've been in Vegas since my mom lives nearby.  They have friendly and good service and the food is typical McDonald's food.No issues.  And they are friendly, unlike the one off of Charleston near Costco.
4	This place is neat and modern. Not really made for kids though. No playground like other mcdonalds. The staff is friendly. One of the better mcdonalds I've been to.
