1	Update: After cancelling my Auto and Home Insurance with State Farm and going with Liberty Mutual, they refused to refund me the correct amounts back. For my Auto Insurance, instead of receiving 90 dollars back, I got 8 dollars and get this for administrative costs (short rate) lol They lied to me, provided me with horrible customer service, then doubled my rate of which in return, I promptly left the company and I'm the one having to pay a 82 dollars in administrative cost?  If that wasn't bad enough, based on Wells Fargo Mortgages own words, they withheld over 200 dollars of my refund for my home insurance basing their numbers on false premium figures ($729 vs $595) Thank god WF promised to step in on my behalf.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------In my 13 years of driving, I have never dealt with a worst Insurance Company. Sarah doesn't care. The problem is you wont even deal with her directly. Instead, you will get Melissa or Becky, both of which I would recommend you stay away from! They will lie and mislead you to an outcome beneficial to THEM, not you. Then when you get mad over the situation and complain, they will cancel your policy and cover for each other while throwing you under the bus. I care about you and I want nothing more than for you to avoid the pain and headaches I've had to endure with no resolution. I hope this reaches you in time. In conclusion, if you want to avoid months and months of frustration and run around over a fender bender that wasn't your fault ($1,600) and caused your monthly premium to double, much less a real accident, then go with State Farm. Don't say I didn't warn you.
1	PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM THIS AGENT! I have had the worst experience with this agent. I've been mis lead and lied to about coverage for my vehicle. Makes promises to take care of the issue and call me back but then never does. I opened my policy with State Farm on 7/4/14 provided a quote for full comp & collision. The stated that underwriting found lapse of insurance / uncleared suspension which i provided proof of and they advised me that all would be taken cared of. Which was untrue!On Nov 6th i was involved in an accident and after filing the claim i came to find out that my policy was for Liability only. Sarah apologized sincerly & said that she would rectify the situation with underwriting/claims & caell me back to confirm. I never received another call from her. On Monday I called again & spoke with another rep and she said he would follow up...never heard from her either.I was finally able to recieve assistance from Valerie Green another State Farm location. Within 15 minutes she was able to provide me with answers to my policy that Sarah H & her office were unable to do in 4 months. Sarah H office emailed Valerie right away & advised her that i was not covered & that a NYS DMV Abstract is not a valid proof that a suspension has been cleared. If that was the case why would Sarah's office not inform me of that sooner? I sent the document to her in Sept. & it takes her 2 months later to inform not even me but another agent?I thought that an agent is supposed to protect you and your vehicle / assist you with ensuring your meeting the requirements as per NC regulates.Over all, the experience with this agent has been the worst i have even experienced with any other insurance company. I now have over $ 4000 in damages to my car & since it was a hit and run, i am not covered through either my insurance (since i only have liability). So i now have to repair my vehicle all out of pocket. In addition, the claims dept. closed out my claim becu.ase i didn't have collision...never s.ent me a letter to advise me of why they closed the claim and never asked if i was even hurt? I had to beg for them to reopen the claim. Please..please stay away from this office. I completely recommend the office at the Arboretum located at 7510 Pineville Matthews Road #13BCharlotte, NC 28226.
5	Sarah Harris is an absolutely awesome agent.  She is very busy but always gets back to me quickly.  I can say it has been my experience that she is hard working and will go out of her way to make sure you understand what is going on and does everything in her power to service her clients.  I would highly recommend her to the local community in South Charlotte.
