5	Just got my first eCig here. Was going to get pho at Lemongrass and noticed this store had just popped up across the parking lot. They actually were about to close for the day, but saw us looking and offered to stick around. Not a huge space, but nicely decorated and they have a small lounge area. Could use a TV or something though. Very helpful staff, let us know about all the options and helped me put together a nice little kit. Much more affordable than I thought it was going to be. And, when I was having trouble refilling it and took it back, they were super helpful and even replaced a part for free. Overall, great prices, great staff, will for sure be back.
5	One 2 Vapor is a new shop that I had not noticed before. I was out shopping for a new Vape mod and to my surprise this shop was right around the corner from my house. While looking for a mod and changing overall vaping style, Jorge "The Classy Mexican" was a great help. Even though I didn't really want to get a box mod He talked me into it by letting me sample and compare the flavor and smokability compared to my curent e-go twist. Learning curve was minimal and he was cool enough to show me a good priming technique for the cartomizer.  I will definitely be back to this shop and will recommend this to any one that may ask for a vape shop.
5	Amazing service better experience here then sim city vapor. The staff there help and answered all my questions no problem I enjoyed my visit I would go back and recommend this place
5	I'm more of a "traditional" smoker, but I do own and enjoy a good "healthy" vape once in a while. Getting into vaping can be an overwhelming process, with the vast amount of kits and flavors out there. A lot of vape shops around the city are busy - way too busy - to the point when the wait just isn't worth it. Add to that the hipster stigma that most popular vape shops in the city are privy to... It's just not something I particularly enjoy.I like One2Vapor because it is small, it is new, and it is almost never busy to the point that you feel like a sardine in a tin can. Don't get me wrong, I hope this place does get the business it deserves one day, but for now I am enjoying how small and "unknown" the place is. For one, the customer service is fantastic and out of this world. The staff is extremely knowledgeable, very friendly, and helpful. One2Vapor also experiments with mixing different flavors, many of which taste very good.I highly recommend this place for someone wanting to start vaping but is unsure of how to distinguish between different types of vaporizers and flavors and what is best for them. The one-on-one service is unmatched here compared to any other vape shop I've been to.
5	I met with Mr. Taylor and Mr. Jorge today at One 2 Vapor. once i walked in, i immediately felt the vibe this place was holding. i like the colors of the walls and the furniture. I walked in looking for a new drip tip and i ended up with a swivel type. i like it!! I have a ton of flavors at home so i wasn't looking for anything new, but they suggested Gummy, and i ended up getting a bottle of that too.Prices are typical, with a few exceptions that i found to be cheaper than what ive seen, customer service is fantastic! Taylor and Jorge are extremely friendly and they know how to get along with just about anyone. After my couple of transactions i sat down on their lounge chair and just chatted for about an hour. now that's how a vape shop should be in my opinion.Great experience, even though i live far, i will definitely stop by again when i get the chance. Definitely check this place out if you have not already!!!
5	These guys know their stuff. I went in not knowing anything about vaping. They walked me through the options, suggested a starter kit, let me try out flavors, and showed me how to fill and use my vape. The shop is clean, nice, and trendy. I will be coming back here for all my vaping needs.
5	This place has such a good vibe. The young guys who work here, Taylor and Jorge are not only friendly, but knowledgable and really enjoy working with the customers to help find vapors, batteries, and accessories that suit their needs. The first time I came to this shop, I was on the hunt for an RBA for my first mech-mod I ever purchased and they took the time to show me the differences in each and even how they prefer to rebuild them.Since then I've returned several times and spent quite a few hours talking to the guys here at One 2, and really enjoy the shop. My only gripe at this time is that they do not currently mix their own flavors in house, but they carry a large variety from local and interstate vendors, so that makes up for it. I foresee myself being a long time customer with this shop so long as they keep to their stellar business model: Friendliness.
5	Great people working here. They were really helpful and was willing to go the extra mile while helping me. The store has a great selection of vaping accessories and a huge selection of juices. Prices seems to be the same as most other vape shops. Highly recommend this shop. They also have a rewards program that gets you $10 off every $100 you spend there.
5	walked in and from the get go the crew was awesome. I've always wanted to get into mechanical mods and thanks to Taylor and Jorge I kinda know what to do. Taylor walked me through building and actually did it for me (hopefully I can remember when I have to do it myself LOL). they also have a great selection of flavors to try and they don't mind talking to you about what flavors are good.BETTY WHITE!! right Jorge..? LMAO!
5	Stopped in today to check out some juices... and I have to say I was very impressed with this place!! I have been to all the local vape shops and this one is top notch. The staff was very helpful and friendly, they have a wide selection of juice at competitive prices, lots of devices mods, tips and tanks... everything for a beginner to a pro vaper!! Check them out.. you won't be disappointed!
5	Awesome vape shop. Good options, great service!
5	My wife and I are rather new to vaping and after exploring numerous shops in Vegas, had the pleasure of meeting the friendly staff of One 2 Vapor at vapefest, long story short even at the feat with thousands of people around they took the time to talk to me and provide just the information I was looking for but couldn't get from anyone else. So this morning we visited the shop, and they actually remembered me from yesterday, after explaining more things and options we walked out with some great juice, a happy wife and complementary tshirts. Definitely our new local shop.
5	As most vape shops offer pretty much the same products, what really sets one apart from another is the customer service. One 2 Vapor is well above par in that respect.The guys and gals that run this joint are nothing short of welcoming, kind, warm, and friendly...not to mention knowledgeable. I've been vaping for about 5 months now, but there's so much to know that I still get confused at times. The employees here answer my questions with enthusiasm and a helpful attitude. I've been to many shops where I felt talked down to or condescended, but not a hint of that at one2.They also have a rewards program for regular customers which I find keeps me coming back (I guess they've done their job!). They mix their own juices and also have top of the line brand names like Uncle Junk's and Epic (if you haven't tried apple jax or Jon Wayne, you haven't lived).Anyway, check these guys out! You won't be disappointed.
5	Love this place!  Clean and super friendly staff  that know what they are talking about!    They even take the time to explain everything!
4	We were in the area and you know that means I have to make detours for vape shops. The BF has been in before, but I haven't. It's a nicely decorated shop and one of the nicer decorated store displays - I like their beveled display trays. We sat at the juice bar and tried a few flavors. I didn't have anything pop at me this visit, but they have some rather good brands, with a few uncommon ones like Uncle Junks that are worth a visit. Don't forget to check in on Yelp, they are doing 20% off a juice, tank or drip tip which is a pretty decent discount. They are pretty friendly here. We talked with Jorge (sp?) at the juice bar for a bit. Good sign of a solid shop when you can chit chat about vaping and it's comfortable. We were on a time crunch to go to the next place, but first impressions were positive. I'll definitely stop in the next time we're in this vicinity.
5	This is my favorite vape shop to go to. Great staff, extremely friendly and helpful. They've got a number of great flavors to try out before u buy. And another great thing is their yelp check in deal which gives u 20% off juices, drip tips and tanks.  If you're on the south side of town or near Henderson,  one 2 vapor is the place to go!
5	Employees were great. My set up was jacked (user error) and they helped me out. Decent prices w the 20% off. I'd recommend
5	Just left with an awesome setup! Taylor made it super easy to decide what I wanted and made sure it matched what I needed. That's what I call A1 Service... And i had a blast trying a ton of different flavors. Thanks a ton!!!
5	Went around town to check out Vape shops. Found One 2 vapors and I loved this place. Had a great vibe! This shop was beautiful. They have A lot of merchandise at great prices. :) They have a huge juice selection. I love that they carry 5 pawns juice . Their employees had great customer service too! Ask for George or Tai. They are really cool people who has skills to build you a great mod! Overall great experience! Will be back for sure. Thank you!
5	If your in Las Vegas and interested in finding a great vape shop this is a must stop vape shop beat in vegas!
5	Small Vegas vape shop with a serious hitI have been a regular at One 2 Vapor for several months now, relying on their quality service and products for my vaping needs. Pros: One 2 Vapor offers a clean lounge, hangout ambience that welcomes guests with great customer service. The shop provides a weekly e-juice special and a variety of juices to fulfill your needs-- they also carry a product not seen in even half of the shops available (check out Five Pawns to see what I mean).  Workers are also open to suggestions and comments which gives a sense of growth and competitiveness within the company.  The shop provides a variety of mods and gadgets that is unique to this shop and hangs in there with even more popular shops.  The rewards program offers a great opportunity for free juices and accessories. Cons: There were times when One 2 Vapor did not have stock of various items (Kanger 3 coils, juices); but what shop doesn't have this problem?  Overall, One 2 Vapor is a great shop that offers some serious products.  Highly recommended!
5	This is one of the best vape shops in town. The customer service is spot on and the staff is very knowledgeable. They take great pride in keeping the store looking clean, the design is very welcoming, rich and inviting.
5	One of my favorite spots in town hands down. They do everything and have an awesome selection! Jorge, Taylor and Alex are all awesome. Shout out to Leo also. Customer service A+. Juice selection is extensive with big names like five pawns, uncle junks, jet fuel ( papi churro...*drool*), and a whole bunch more. I recommend trying this place out even if you have to make a little drive.
5	Staff was very friendly and assisted me in all my questions. They were very knowledgeable in the products they sell and can't wait to back for more. Doesn't feel like a store feels like a hang out to go and enjoy learning and trying vape flavors I love this place everyone welcomes you everytime you walk in the door.
5	Best vape shop in Vegas, hands down. Great customer service and everyone is knowledgeable about the products.
5	These guys are awesome! Taylor, Alex, and the rest of the gang are super friendly and knowledgeable.  They carry all the best flavors and done pretty decent accessories.  Definitely recommend heading over there if you vape, it's a great little shop!
5	I can honestly say that I love this place.Great service and in my opinion much better than all the vapor stores in Vegas.
5	This is not your average vape shop. This place is far superior than any vape shop in Las Vegas/Henderson. It has a modern luxury design and atmosphere. The staff is truly amazing and each one of them will make sure you are given outstanding service. They have a wide selection of batteries, tanks, tips, and mods at very good prices. The selection of juices is even larger and all labeled brands, no house-made juices here. Which is something I personally prefer, you never know what could be in a house juice. They even have a customer loyalty program that gets you free products. This is the only vape shop I will go to in the city. They have helped me stay off of cigarettes for over 6 months and I have been lucky enough to make friends with the staff. Do yourself a favor and come here, I promise you won't go to any other vape shop.
5	Awesome little shop that has a huge juice selection, fantastic customer service, a rewards program, and a Yelp check-in discount. Definitely worth checking out!
5	Very friendly and helpful staff, excellent vapor selection, and 20% off just for checking in! You can taste as many flavors as you like at their vapor bar before committing to a flavor and they help find the right set up just for you. Very adorable decor to set the atmosphere as well!
5	Went to eat at a restaurant across the street and noticed one 2 cape shop. Jumped on yelp and saw good reviews so I thought I'd give it a try. So I went in and tried a bunch of juices. The guys were nice and patient while giving good recommendations. Jeff, Georgie, and Taylor were great. Will definitely be back.
4	Nice cozy Vape shop. I'm from Seattle and back home, we have some huge Vape shops with rediculous selection, so the selection was a bit limited in my opinion. However, their customer service was excellent. Usually, I run in, get what I need and get out at most Vape shops. This place has a friendly atmosphere and I actually enjoyed spending some time trying their flavors. The girl helping me was super friendly and accommodated every request I made. Pricing is about the same as everywhere else I've been, but the 20% off juice coupon they have on Yelp was a bonus. All in all, the only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was selection, but what they lacked in selection, they definitely made up in their friendly inviting customer service. Would definitely return if I'm in town again.
5	One 2 Vape is a great little store. Although smaller compared to some other store locations, they really maximize their space. They carry a solid selection of vaping related items including juices and their displays remind me of a jewelry store. Dark wooden furniture accent a luxurious experience and friendly staff are present and attentive. They are sure to greet and acknowledge each customer upon entry. Tucked away near the freeway entrance on Eastern, make them an easy stop for anyone looking to get that next Vape related item or last minute road juice.
5	I bought a zmax mini here and the button was beginning to malfunction. I brought it in and they immediately replaced it and threw in a free bottle of liquid!  The employees were very helpful and informative and nice to talk to.  They have tons of great liquid flavors and great products. I highly recommend this place!
5	Recently found this place (thanks Yelp!) and it totally lives up to the reviews. Staff was awesome, very helpful, knowledgeable, friendly, and cute . Great selection of product and liquids as well, will definitely be going back!
5	This is a great vape shop... friendly staff, knowledgable, and always keeps you coming back for more. They are upfront and honest, and not just about sales $$$$. They always have great specials and, plus dont forget to check in on YELP and you get 20% off purchase. They are always asking for feedback from consumers, and keep us on top of new things coming in, best part is if there is something you want thats there all ready and they know there is a better product of it coming in they will tell you so you dont end up saying "i just bought this last week and you got something better this week". Its happened to me before at another shop.... never went back. Have recomended this shop to others and they love it. Love everyone there, and love Cheshire , and trance. Also recomend the controled air flow pyrex tank... hope you guys check em out.... really worth it.
2	Excellent selection of juices but unfortunately the shop didn't feel very accessible to me.  For the amount of money I was spending on juice, I was expecting a little more friendly service.  I won't be going back.
5	Great little shop.  Picked up a rda with drip tip and had it drilled and coiled on the spot.  Very friendly staff.
