3	I had seen the curbside sign several times as I went on my Wednesday morning deliveries so I set my schedule to stop here a couple of weeks ago.  This strip mall has been pretty quiet since Trader Joe's Moved a while back to a location in Surprise.The menu is designed both in serving size and seasonings for the older crowd in Sun City.  I had a 2 egg Western omelet with ham, bell peppers and onions with toast.  The total with coffee, tax and tip came in around  $10.  There are daily specials even less.Service was good.  Order, food and coffee were all taken care of quickly.  I gathered by the way the lone waitress interacted with the customers many of them were regulars.This is a neighborhood type of restaurant open for breakfast and lunch only.  The hours are currently 7AM to 2 PM and listed on the window as summer hours.  These are hours normally associated with some place in a business district and I wonder if the winter hours include Saturday and or Sunday as Sun City is noted for a large percentage of the population to leave during the summer.  Some modifications have been made to the furniture to make it easier to clean; the tables have been covered over with Naugahyde  and the conference room style cloth chairs have been covered in a heavy clear plastic.It's a OK place with acceptable food and service but I consider it a rather weak 3.
2	We were so hoping the next door Health Food store was associated with this cafe.  Came for Sunday lunch during an educational course located nearby, so options were limited.Opened the door and received a potent blast of greasy meat smells that set me (omnivore) and my dining partner (vegetarian) running for the door.  To the patio seating.  Thank good they had a good spinach salad. Generous with sliced hard boiled egg.  Mine had one whole slice of well done bacon on top.
3	Me and a friend met here for breakfast, I was pleased to see..S.o.S aka chipped beef on toast offered... I hadnt ate that in years, so needless to say thats what I ordered. Yum!Its a small neighborhood restaurant with alot of regulars, pleasantstaff, I would go back..
4	This is our first time dining at Cafe Maria.  Not bad, not at all bad.  Excellent service, reasonable prices and our food was tasty.  Menu had a great variety with many healthy choices.   Breakfast served all day.  Nice patrons that seem to be regulars, which is a good sign.   We will return.
5	Dark rich coffee, friendly staff, yummy omelets and refreshing salads.The salads are super here and the owner makes tamales for christmas that were so tasty even my husband enjoyed them.
4	We went for breakfast today.  I had the western omlet and my husband had the SOS "chip beef on toast". My omlet was light and tasted fresh.  My husband said the SOS was as good as his old navy days. He enjoyed it. The coffee was hot, fresh but a bit weak.  But nothing on the breakfast menu was over 6.95. Pretty impressive!  Its good wholesome food at a great price. The bill for 2 of us was $14.00 before tip. I definitely will be back. The waitress was ok. Not too friendly but pleasant. That and the coffee is why I gave them a 4.
5	Went for breakfast and the service and food was very good. My wife loved her omelet.  I had pancakes and bacon that I washed down with good fresh coffee.  It was clean small and quick freindly service. You can tell these people want to please their customers.  We live in the area and look forward to returning.
1	Too bad the Yelp address and map do not line up with the restaurant location (it's a residential brick wall).  There are several different addresses in fact when you Google it. Oh well. I was not about to drive around Sun City trying to find it. Ended up at an excellent Cafe 99 instead at 11001 99th.
