5	Located behind an eyewear store, just outside of Nordstrom in the Fashion Show Mall, you might miss it, if you walk by! I found Dr. Tran in the VSP provider directory. My insurance covers a part of the exam (can only do either glasses or contacts, not both) and my co-pay was $25. I've been wearing contacts for a decade now. This is the only eye doctor that has found the right contact lens prescription for me- he fixed my astigmatism. It's amazing how clearly I can see now. I'm very pleased.  Aside from being a great eye doctor, his staff is nice and detail-oriented- gave me a $15 rebate on my contacts and explained everything to me. The order is for either 6 mos. or a year's worth of contacts. (If it's not in stock, it gets ordered (prepay), and a week later, you will get a call notifying you that it's ready to pick up.) I had to schedule another appointment to get my eyes dilated (recommended for certain patients- yes, I fall into that category). So, someone has to drive you to the appointment and you can't really go shopping afterward- it will be blurry for about five hours. (And you wear this hideous large temporary eyewrap to shield your eyes from the sunlight. If you don't want to do that, bring your shades.)It's great when you find someone in the medical field that you can trust here in Las Vegas- heard horror stories. And the location is very convenient for shoppers or if you live nearby- check both of those off for me, please. I will definitely come back, provided that I still have the same insurance coverage. Crossing my fingers.
4	If you're tired of being treated like cattle at LensCrafters, visit Fashion Eye Care for the utmost in professionalism and a well run office.You will be seen at or very close to your appointment time, get a great exam, and my eye insurance was accepted.I took one star off because of the location. I hate the fact that it's in the Fashion Show Mall, since it means you can't just park out front and walk
1	My wife and I went here because our insurance covered it.The doctor didn't do a very thorough job on me and my wife was not given bifocals as she needed and now we we get to spend money on another pair of glasses.I've worn glasses for twenty-four years. I know what to expect. She did not and this caused big issues.Thanks doc. Guess that's what we get because we didn't have the HUGE MONEY we'd need to buy expensive frames from next door... So we got a rush job.Then when she complains the glasses aren't helping anything close up were told it's "only $450 more" to fix. And they tell us "oh but your insurance won't take a second charge this year!"So I feel conned. I really do.I'm sure that this isn't their intention however I would be willing to bet that had we been bigger budget customers we would have had a better experience.Their poor service could have avoided this situation but what do you expect from the optometrist with what's likely the HIGHEST RENT location in all of Nevada?
4	This place was packed on the weekend, with people who appeared to be tourists. I guess it didn't surprise me, since this is Fashion Show Mall. There's also a sign in front of this place that says "Walk-ins Welcome." It appeared that some of them bought glasses next door.Other than being bombarded with touristy folks, this is a really small, one man shop. The eye exam room is tiny and seemed like a storage closet with contact lens boxes all over the place. I didn't really like how one part of my routine eye exam - where you look into some machine - is in plain view for everyone in the mall to see you. Essentially, you step outside of the doctor's room and look into some machine that's right next to a glass window. I didn't really care much for his receptionist?/assistant. She wasn't as warm and welcoming as Dr. Tran.Any who, as a doctor, Dr. Tran is really nice and competent. He does take his time and is responsive to questions. He was also really good with follow up too. He returned my phone call after his working hours, which I really appreciate. The price he quoted me for contact lens was fair, and I know this because I compared it with another store. He fitted me for glasses and reshaped them to fit my head. I really wish I didn't have to go through hubbub of Fashion Show Mall just to get to him.
2	ok enough doctor but his new receptionist / front office staff needs to be more pleasant.  i was previously a patient but just made a new appointment at a different office.  sign outside says walk-ins welcome but have been to the mall with the office closed a few times.  seems to cater more to tourists now as it is located in fashion show mall.
4	I've purchased a pair of glasses at this store and taken an eye exam a couple of times with Dr. Tran next door, and the experience at both establishments have been good for the most part. Dr. Tran was very thorough in making sure I got the right prescription for my glasses. He even had me come in several times (without charging any extra fee) because my prescription had changed over a short period due to my dry eyes. He also sold some eye drops specifically made for contact lens wearers with dry eyes, and this helped alleviate my condition. On the down side, he did not detect my mild astigmatism, and I found this out from another optometrist.As for the store, I was fortunate enough to find a very caring and knowledgeable sales person. I unfortunately forgot his name since it's been a while, but he hooked me up with a wonderful and tres chic pair of pink Fendi glasses. While looking for the perfect pair, he took into account the shape and size of my face as well as my age, and I love, love, love the glasses that he chose! It was the type of tailored service that I would never find at a local Lenscrafters or other national chains. Fashion Eye Care has a great selection of high-end and fashionable brands. On the down side, because their items are more on the high end, the price will also cost you a pretty penny.
5	Very friendly and accommodating. Didn't try to upsell me or push glasses on my kids that didn't need them.
5	I've been examined by Dr. Tran of Fashion Eye Care for several years now, both before I became a resident of the Las Vegas valley, and since.  I've always found him to be meticulous in testing eyesight, and prescribing new prescription lenses.  He has the latest testing instruments, and knows his craft well.With Diane, Dr. Tran has also proven to be a master of the latest available contact lens products, and has been generous in providing her with various types of trial contact lenses to try at no extra charge beyond the cost of a comprehensive eye examination, before the best personal fit is determined and ordered.Optica of Las Vegas next door inside Fashion Show also offers a discount on eyewear (eyeglasses and sunglasses) whose lenses are prescribed by Dr. Tran.  I highly recommend Dr. Tran as an optometrist!
5	Been seeing Dr. Tran for about 4 years he is very good and I recommend him for eye care and glasses.
5	I've been wearing contact lenses exclusively for 24 years.  Dr. Tran provided me with the most thorough exam to date. I had recently started having an issue of tracking objects while wearing my contacts which were only 6 months old, prescription-wise, that I obtained from another firm in town.  The issue was that things were very clear with one eye closed but with both attempting to work in unison I was having a hard time tracking things in my direct line of sight...that was frustrating me for about a week.One day while roaming around Fashion Show mall I spotted an optometrist that I had clearly walked by dozens of times prior, just outside of Nordstrom on level one.  I thought to myself; "Self, you'd never goto an eye doctor in a mall, they are all hacks".  I whipped out my trusty Yelp enabled device and found that several of my friends had been here and gave them good reviews.  That's all I needed to be convinced and what's the worst that could happen? I'd be out an hour of my time and a couple hundred bucks; not the end of the world.This eye exam was hands down the most comprehensive one I've ever had.  The doctor was bringing out contraptions I had never even seen before to attempt to rectify the situation.  Initially the process was frustrating for me as I was unable to express what was going on and each change he made caused more frustration on my part, merely because I wasn't able to explain to him what exactly was going on with my vision.  Let me tell you, this doctor has extreme patience and never once became frustrated with me, not once.  I will admit I'm not the easiest patient to deal with...I want top level care and results without concern of the cost, plain and simple.  That's exactly what I got.  After about an hour fixing up my prescription levels I was back in order seeing properly once again. What was I set back? A recall it was a mere 90 dollars for the consultation.I submit that if you need a new prescription or just a routine vision check-up that you give Dr. Tran a chance; it will be worth your time and money.
1	I really hate writing bad reviews.  I really do.  First off, I have been a long time patient of Dr. Tran.  He's fine; the problem is the front desk.  Just today I noticed I ran out of contacts so I needed a trial pair to get me through until I was able to schedule an appointment.  Yes, they had a trial pair, and yes I could come pick it up, but it would cost me $26.  Wait.  Trial pairs are free.  They always have been.  This ignorant assistant argued with me that they were not, even though this has been common practice in this industry forever and it's clearly stated on the box (see my photo).  She then went further to say she was doing me a favor.  Excuse me??  Doing me a favor for doing your job and then charging me for something that's free - especially a long time patient?  No thanks.  I made one quick call and was able to get another optometrist to give me a sample pair, no questions asked.  They were so kind and professional, that I don't need Dr. Tran anymore or his rude assistant.  Stay away.
