3	First, let's get out of the way that my husband used to work at this Port of Subs...and he raved about how fabulous it was....so I had REALLY high expectations. Unfortunately...I was not as happy with the experience as I had hoped. While I know that subway has it's issues...they have quite the variety. Port of Subs doesn't match up...not even close. I am an extremely picky eater. They didn't have the kind of bread options that I like...although they did have the cheese and meat options I like. Their veggie selection was a bit blah, but ok.....but the condiments....what were they thinking?Seriously...is it too much to ask for a couple different kinds of mustard? They only had 1.....I'm sorry I insist on honey mustard...really I am...but is it really too much to ask?That's really the only reason I couldn't give them a higher rating...they just don't have the selection I like. The people that work their were a little snobbish too. Maybe I don't understand because I'm not from AZ....and quite frankly I hate it there. I'm an Alaska girl thank you very much. Once you hit a certain temperature...what's the point? 115 degrees in the shade? Are you mad? So what if you think it only "feels" like 98....it doesn't change the fact that it's fucking hot! Who can even eat with temperatures like that? I thought the state was going to kill me!Ok...enough of that....anyways....we're swinging back through...and I doubt we'll eat there again...but if you live in the area and hate subway (which apparently a lot of people do around there...) Port of Subs is a pretty good option. Especially if the employees are nice to you.
5	I love port of subs! I stop in so much the employees know exactly what I want. The workers are always friendly, I've never had a bad experience. I usually get the #1 which is Ham, Salami, Capicolla, Pepperoni & Provolone Cheese on white bread. They have their own mayo/mustard mix which is awesome so you don't have too much mustard and end up ruining it. They may not have as many selections of veggies as their competitors but at least their meat isn't made out of cardboard like some giant chain sub shops (cough*subway*cough). If you're in the mood for a sandwich and you're around the area defiantly give Port of Subs a try
3	My kids favorite!  A bit pricey for a sandwich but good quality product and service has always been positive.
4	Port of Subs is basically a higher end Subway. I mean that in a good way though. You still build your sandwich behind a sneeze guard like Subway, but... they actually hand slice all the meats and cheeses, and imho have a slightly better selection of add-ons.
3	Port of Subs is really good, but you have got to be in a money spending mood. Port of Subs is like an upgraded Subway. The people are nicer, the service is better, but their subs are more expensive.
3	Not a bad sub which I find to be something I can eat almost daily.  Prices are a little higher than a Subway but their meat is freshly sliced to order and they do a much better job with their bread.  They are still lacking the hard crust french/Italian bread that I crave since leaving the East Coast but this is something I have learned not to expect out here in AZ.  The girls that work behind the counter are excellent and a few have been there for years.  They know service and are fast and great at keeping the lines at bay.
1	Worst. Sub.Ever.  Pre-made grocery subs are better than these, don't waste your money!
5	Today was the first I tried this place. What can I say, I like this sub place. I were to compare subway or port of sub, hands down on this spot. Roast beef was sliced to order instead of picking from the bucket. That's what I wanna see. Portion was just right. I split it up with my wife. This sub was 8 inches in total. You get what you paid for. It was really good tho. I would go back to this place. It's healthy as subway.
4	Great ingredients and a nice change from the normal subway.  It's a bit expensive for a sub shop. Clean appearance, nice staff.
1	Came to grub on some sandwiches and they are out of pickles and literately out of bread. Who the hell runs out of white bread and sourdough and wheat bread. That's an essential part of making a sandwich. Will not come back!
