5	What a great place to spend a few hours!!!!Unlike the roller rinks from my youth, the Crystal Palace on Rancho is extremely clean.  Seriously, even the carpeting is clean!  They play great music, have a good deal for parties and serve pretty decent food. I highly recommend spending a day skating your heart out here!
3	I used to go here all the time when I was younger.  I went (after the bar) with a few friends as a joke one night and it sure was different.  I remember it being packed on Friday/Saturday nights and there were maybe 30 people there when we went.  Of course, nothing is ever the same as when you're little.
1	I took my kids skating here, and quite frankly the place was terrifying!  Very ghetto!  And scary.  My husband is a big dude, and I was still nervous.  There were girls ages 11-13 talking amongst themselves about  fallatio.  I would NEVER drop my daughters off there, and I don't even like what they see/hear when I am there.  I booked a birthday party for my youngest daughter and they don't have private rooms like the Boulder Hwy rink, they cost more than that rink, they require a non-fundable $25 deposit to book (the other one doesn't), they don't have invitations for you, you have to print them online (I don't have a printer), and they are not friendly.
2	Great place to go on the days and evenings where it is an organized school event. This business does support our local schools with skating parties. Yet I went one open afternoon and the parents were crude and rude and their kids were cursing up a storm too. We could not wait to leave. The facility itself is nice inside, but the crowd can really color the environment.
3	Tuesday night is Family night, you get 4 skate rentals, a pizza and 4 drinks for $20. It's an economic way to get the kids out of the house and get a little exercise. The decor of this place looks like it was saved from the 70s, right down to the loud carpet and disco ball. The location isn't the greatest, and I sometimes worry for my car when i have to park further away from the building. The clientele is sort of the same, so I wouldn't ever feel safe leaving my kids there alone. The food is typical of what you would expect from a skating rink. The pizzas are frozen Digiorno. They sell pizza by the slice for $1.50. They also have hot dogs and nachos.
1	Zero stars this place has the worst customer service ever. Out of maybe 8 employees working there maybe one was human enough to be nice. People that own this place you need to fire almost everyone including yourself if you work there!.... How hard is it to be kind??? I know there's people that go skate there that are total assholes, but don't let that dictate the way you treat US the nice people, that go there to give you our hard earn money the same!!!!!!
1	Horrible place to take your children!!! The staff is very rude, to say the least! Management could care less about any complaints and the refs are very strict and unbecoming. Recently a young girl broke her arm because refs allowed kids that they know to skate out of control. I stopped taking my 4 year old here about 8 months ago because of this type of behavior, also since one of the refs that are still currently employed had threatened to fight me in the parking lot, and assumed that it might be different now but was shown the same as before. I will never come to this skating rink again. Hopefully the staff is better at the Boulder Hwy location.
5	We go to Crystal Palce every Tuesday for family night and it's what my teen and pre-teen look forward to all week.  It's very safe and the owners are very moral and have a strict dress code.  They maintain good order and if anything my kid's would say they're too strict.  We play hockey there now also and I find it a very safe environment..LOVE IT!!
5	Fun place to go to beat the heat or the wind.  Kids love it and it is a good crowd for Vegas.
4	Fun, just like it was when we were kids! The staff is pretty nice & the bathrooms are way cleaner than I ever expected. Prices are usually $9 ($8 if you own your own skates) per session for adults. The music is your typical top 40 & the food is the same as it was 30 years ago, but the fun now is laced with a new fear of falling you didn't have when you were 7... which is exhilarating! -Especially if you don't actually fall. This is one of my top 5 favorite ways to get passive cardio!! The only draw backs to this Crystal Palace location is that they  don't offer an "adult skate" and they close early, especially on Sundays.They only accept credit/debit cards for charges over $20. just an FYI
5	Birthday Party Today Was Awesome!  They did such a great job being hospitable to our large group.  Being out there brought me back to the old days when I use to lace up at our old roller rink back home, except I think this one is three times the size!  Not the best of best neighborhoods but look past that and go!
2	This place is gross. I can see if I had a kid or 7, it would be some decent fun. But Idk, I went with a girl, and I could tell she thought the idea was cute and novel but would have much rather gotten coffee or something. I just felt germs on me, and the food here is for kids only, because they don't know any better. They to update everything and hire some new folks who can still smile and have fun with their job.
3	Family friendly activities!It was a flashback to my childhood skate parties.  The kids had a blast and the staff was pretty good at keeping track of the floor so the little ones didn't get run over.
3	It is nice to see such a large roller rink still around although there is a lot that can be improved here.  First the good.The parties are reasonably priced.  The skates are in pretty good shape, the music is current and loud and the dj changes it up a bit so the skaters aren't always skating around with no goal. The places for improvement - the parties are very disorganized and with the exception of food deliveries you are pretty much on your own.  I really would have liked to see a staff member available to give beginners a 10 minute group lesson as part of the party as several members of the party had no idea how to skate and ended up staying off the rink.Also, they have no water at the counter except really wierd tasting tap water.  I don't care if you want to charge me 2 dollars for a small bottle of water, you should have something for people who do not want the sugary drinks.The staff is very friendly when you speak with them although they seemed a bit disorganized.  They do have wifi.Stay away from the air hockey machine until it is fixed.
4	I don't skate but the kids had fun at a bday party....staff was friendly and the place was clean
3	Lots of fun for kids. Guy at counter was very grumpy. Little bit irritated that in-line skates were $5 extra. All in all fun night for kids!
4	We really enjoyed the interaction with the skaters here. They have girls only and boys only skates. The dice game. We miss the interaction at boulder. Sometimes it's nice to have more then the hokey pokey and limbo.
4	Who would have thought the smell of junk food, retro carpeting, and loud music could bring you back to when you were 11 years old! I went Thursday, which is 70's night and I had a blast. Something about skating just makes you laugh and feel good like you're flying through the air! I always take advantage of the opportunity to get a good work out in and I used the rink as a way to build up my heart rate, work my glutes, and slim those thighs! It was so much fun, and it breaks up the monotony of the gym. I went with some friends and as we went around and around we shared stories of junior high crushes, hoping to be asked for a "couples skate" (which NEVER happened by the way), and reflecting that not much has changed throughout our diaries. Haha...I rollerblade which makes skating on regular skates difficult for some reason, but it only cost me $4 for a good time. I've gone to boulder a few times, but never Rancho. From my opinion, Rancho had less of a "riff raff" crowd than Boulder. I mean---afterall Mayweather hangs out at Boulder! (oooo--just kidding!)My friends and I did get into a verbal argument with this slovenly man. We were there at the start of opening and placed our shoes under one of the tables. When it was time to leave we asked this woman (who we didn't realize was his wife) to take our picture. She told us nastily, "NO! I DON'T TAKE GOOD PICTURES." As we drifted from the table to ask savvy youths who we knew were stellar at selfies and other various technology, the couple took our shoes and threw them all over the floor! They were scattered about and we confronted him on his rudeness. Like a dumpy grown man-child he said, "But we were here first!" We corrected him and made it very clear that he was being a real good role model for his kids, and that we were there before anyone else arrived. He didn't have anything else smart to say and continued to act like he couldn't hear us verbally bash him with his stupid headphones on.Other than that, I enjoyed my skate night at Crystal Palace Rancho.
2	Grew up coming here. It's fun to skate.Here for a school function and the guy up front cannot be bothered. And by bothered I mean he cannot do his job. You show up and wait, literally ten min before he says something to you. Then he rudely screams at some kids and says something to make them feel stupid so rudely. Finally taking care of us he has an attitude the entire time. Later the kids go up and ask when are the races and he acts like you are asking for a million dollars, grumps and says "later." The kids came back to tell me how grumpy the guy was. I understand he probably gets asked a million times a day but if you have an attitude problem you shouldn't be working in customer service let alone with kids. He really ruins the feel of fun. He has to go.
5	We go on school nights, and the entire staff is always so very happy!!  I am totally impressed with their positive attitudes and great deal of patients with the children and parents!!  ;o) no matter how busy they are, they are still smiling!!  Thank you!!
2	This rink is probably ok if your a teenager trying to escape your parents for a couple hours, but I'm a mom with a 5yr old learning to skate, this place wasn't designed with me in mind.On a positive note, the rink has a nice floor to skate on, and we were given tickets for a slice of pizza or hot dog and drink. I have no complaints about the music or employees.First thing is they only take credit cards for $25 and over, well my total came to $24!! Luckily I had cash, but not enough for anything else after paying to get in. This was probably a move on their part to save money on card fees on their end. Of course there is an ATM inside that charges $2.50 for cash. It just feels like a racket. In the end I spent less money total. Not a good move on their part.The next problem is the bathrooms, completely ghetto and run down with a hand wash sink shared outside the restrooms, right next to the water fountain. All I can say is YUCK. The biggest problem I have is that they don't have skating aids that helps kids learn to skate, they told me it was a liability for them if a more experienced skater falls on it. Instead my kid fell every 2 feet, and blocked everyone coming by, way more dangerous, (but therefore the liability is on me) It's really hard for little kids to learn to skate. My five year old made it around 3 times in 2 hours, fell 50, cried half the time and melted down the other, and my back is killing me. I think it would be worth it to them to provide a skate aid to make skating more fun for the moms, kids, and less dangerous for everyone.Not worth the $24 dollars I spent. Not sure if we will be back.
