5	Wow and wow, after many years living in California and Las Vegas, I would have never imagined myself finding a great Chinese restaurant in Montreal, the place where Asian population is not that much. Tong Por, you proved me wrong. My extended family and I visit the restaurant on Saturday and the place was packed, even though it's a pretty big restaurant. We ordered a bunch of food (salt & pepper lobster, prawn, razor clams, Chinese broccoli beef, and many more.) All the food came out hot and they were all excellence. The razor clam, which I tried for the first time, was nicely cooked and juicy, the lobster and prawns was crispy and not oily at all. Everything was sooooooooooo good, I wanted to keep eating even though I was stuffed. Want to know what was even more amazing? All that food that fed 15 adults very well only cost less than $250 bucks ( $ 1 CA dollar = $1.10 US dollar). Wow and wow. If I ordered the same thing in California or Las Vegas, it would have been over 400 bucks and the quality wouldn't even be that good. By the way, Tong Por also served Dim Sum. Their Dim Sum is on the average side. So if you come to Tong Por, go for their menu items.
5	We did not want to drive to Chinatown with all the construction going on in Montreal. After searching the web, we found an old article in CyberPresse about Tong Por. We called and they were opened for Dim Sum. Located in the middle of the Little Maghreb area (mosques, etc.), Tor Pong did not stick out. Once in, we found a huge restaurant with loads of tables. When you go eat at a restaurant like Tong Por, it's to share a good table, talk and laugh, read a newspaper, and share these delicious little dumplings. The carts, Hong Kong style, are loaded with delicious bites, the calmars, the tripes and hineycomb, the chicken feet, the shrimp dumplings. Portions are well balanced. The noise level is typical of these sorts of restaurants but you feel confident that the food is super fresh and delicious. We'll be back!
4	Great place for dim sum and there is parking space!
4	The second you enter Tong Por, you notice the vast amount of space.  From what I've heard about the place, you could be waiting for quite the while on peak days.  This was a Thursday noon hour service, so seating was affordable.  The waiters, who were the ones who seated the customers, made sure that all new tables were seated closer to the window area.You'd think that you would get the chance to sit down and acclimatize yourself to the restaurant, but that's when the action started.  I swear, I wasn't even seated yet and we already had something like 3 dishes on the table.  The one thing to note when you're doing Dim Sum is the language barrier.  If you have someone who can communicate with the ladies pushing the carts, you should be fine.  You're also quite covered if you have someone who knows what's on the carts.  But, if you should find yourself completely shut out of those two situations, patience will become the biggest virtue.  While I knew what most of the dishes were, the ones that were new to me cause a little bit of hesitation.  However, we got everything we came for.For anyone who is trying Dim Sum for the first time, you have to realize that there is a learning curve.  There is a lot of hit and miss that goes into this.  If you don't know what to get, you will feel lost.  It might seem like everything is going on too fast.  But, with more experience, you'll learn how to pick and choose what you want to get the best out of it.Tong Por, which serves Dim Sum daily until 3 p.m., is one of the top places to go to for that service, in my opinion.  You'll find that the quality of their offerings rival anything you can get in Chinatown.  Its location allows it to cater to people who cannot necessarily travel so far.  For a time, you'll think that you're deep in Chinatown, enjoying the best of what it has to offer.
4	We were in the mood for some Dim Sum and I had heard that this is one of the better places outside of Brossard and Chinatown. You can tell that they must do a pretty steady Chinese wedding-party business with the stage motif in the front! Decor inside is your classic Chinese restaurant!  This place is huge and cavernous but we had an excellent selection of pretty much everything you can expect: fried, steamed, greasy noodles, chicken feet, tripe, har gow siu mai, char siu baau!  Carts kept rolling around the whole time we were there and different selections! No nonsense attitude by the cart ladies and the owner is pretty much par for the course at many establishments and this was no difference!  Trekking down to Brossard is a PITA for me so this may be my Dim Sum fix when not in Toronto as these people seem to know what they are doing!
2	I came here with my boyfriend's family (who are Mauritian) on a Sunday night for his mom's birthday dinner. The decor is decent, nothing too outstanding.Although the place was only 1/3 full, it took the waiters awhile to acknowledge us. Five minutes of waiting around later, we were finally seated, without menus. I had to go over to another table where they were all set on and picked up some. A waiter finally came over to bring us water and although we asked for utensils, as only chopsticks are offered on the tables, he walked away with them in hand instead of giving them to us. He finally came back to bring them to us, and took our order. We ordered the seafood soup, crab balls (YUM), beef & Chinese broccoli, crispy chicken, chow fun with black bean sauce, chicken chow mein, shrimp fried rice, Cantonese-style lobster and just regular steamed rice. We had asked to have the crispy chicken and steamed rice served simultaneously, but the waiter got all in a huff and said he can only bring things out as they are ready from the kitchen. Our food started to trickle out slowly but surely, and here is what I thought;- The crab balls, although were pretty tasty, were a lot smaller than say at Kam Fung (for 3$ a piece you'd think they'd offer a little more sustenance).- The beef & Chinese broccoli was pretty good, although the meat could've been less tendon-y. Good flavouring though.- The crispy chicken was a let-down; it was pretty dry, and didn't taste too fresh.- The chow fun with black bean sauce was pretty delicious; it was my first time having it and I enjoyed it.- I have nothing but good things to say about the chicken chow mein; it had a good mix of crispy noodles and fully cooked ones. And the veggies weren't soggy as they sometimes end up being. - The shrimp fried rice was pretty good, mind you they were pretty cheap with the shrimp; they sprinkled maybe 10 mini shrimp throughout the whole dish.I don't eat lobster, and didn't have any seafood soup, so I can't critique those.I was really hoping to get the lentil soup for dessert (soooo good), but, and I know this is stereotypical, I have a feeling because I was at the table (I'm Caucasian, and my boyfriend's family, as I mentioned is Chinese-Mauritian) the waiter brought orange slices and fortune cookies. So all in all, it was ok, but I will stick with my tried and true Kam Fung.
4	Amazing dim sum but impossible parking on weekends! Also quite affordable; we ate like kings and walked out of there with $16 ea. in damages. Worth every penny and more!
1	I really don't understand what's the hype about this place. It's really terrible in every possible way. I went during dinner service so my review does not include their sim sum.First thing first, I called 3 hours beforehand to reserve a place for 3, they said they don't take any reservations for 3 people. Seriously, what kind of restaurant does this? Never have I heard before that reservation requires a certain amount of people, where's the equality in this?The food portion is really small comparing to other Chinese restaurants I've been to. We ordered the Black Bean Beef, Chinese Broccoli Shrimp and Salt & Pepper Pork Chops. I counted literally 7 shrimps which was not properly gutted, meaning the shrimps' intestines were still there and it tasted disgusting.For the Black Bean Beef, all I saw were onions and bell peppers, the amount of meat is pitiful. The pork chops were alright, but slightly too oily.The common problem with all the three dishes were: lack of seasoning. Almost no taste whatsoever, just...bland.Probably went on an off day, but I would never return again regardless.
