3	Wow! Magic tricks are pricey!We decided on a cool, simple magic trick as a bring back souvenir for our 8-year-old. Yes, the prices are high.But, the thing that makes this place fun (especially the Forum Shops location) is the staff. These guys are REALLY into their products and overall craft. Have them do a few demos before you buy. Even if you don't purchase anything, it's a fun little experience.
4	I loved this store, but it was a little pricey. They had everything a kid could ever dream of if they wanted to do magic.  There was only one employee working at the time and there was probably five people in the store and he did a pretty good job of trying to get to everyone helped in a timely manor.  Now while he was helping he was making jokes and keeping everyone smiling.They will also demo products so don't leave the store without having them show you a couple of tricks.
4	I LIKE TALKING MY HUSBAND OUT OF BUYING THINGS HE DOESN'T NEEDSweetheart, you don't need a two-sided quarter. After thoroughly assisting a few other customers, the lone employee was able to come to our section and help us find the quarter my husband wanted to buy. Even though we decided against the purchase (good! he would have lost it anyhow - or spent it!) we did browse the entire store. There was a lot to see, even though it's a small store. It's full from ceiling to floor with little items and games and magic tricks and masks. The clerk was helpful, showing anyone interested in something, precisely how it worked.I saw one woman very happy with her purchase for her children. He taught her the trick so that she could teach them at home. Cute store with good customer service.
3	omg was in there yesterday 2/17/14 with my 12 year and family and the girl and guy working behind the counter would not stop talking and never paid us attention. when one of us asked if we could see a magic trick the lady came over the guy just stood there. when she asked for a dollar i made a joke and said i have not $ then guy then said " then what are you doing in the store if your got no $" i said i don't believe he just said that.. the lady did 2 tricks for my son and we left... never again!!!!! to rude!!!
