5	This is a great antique store. It consists of two large showrooms and has great stuff. Lots of big, solid furniture and the prices are very reasonable. They had a lot of really cool stuff from different periods, but definitely had a lot of "traditional American" furniture. The prices were pretty reasonable, but they were somewhat flexible on them as well.....
4	I try to pop into Mahla & Co Antiques whenever I'm in the Strip District. I'm not really into vintage/antique items, but I really enjoy browsing around this store. They have a great variety of products and it's arranged very neatly. I love the products within the little '60s room. They always have great bedroom or dining room furniture in that room that tempt me. I brought my in-laws here in August, and they thought that it was a bit overpriced.... But they like more of the dive type of antique stores. Of all the antique stores that I've been to in Pittsburgh, this one is my favorite. I recommend checking it out!
5	large store of high end furniture appears to come from the mansions of pittsburgh.  on saturday in july ---they had sidewalk sale---------great prices less than $5 ---------inside they have sections devoted to mid century modern,  turn of the century, art work, glassware, etc....some bargains intermixed with expensive items. plan on spending at least 1/2 hr.
4	I've done a fair amount of antiquing, and I will say that some of the things you will find here are severely overpriced. However, that doesn't mean you can't find plenty of hidden gems that are reasonable enough. We found several antique prints for a steal. Also, some of the jewelry in the long cases is really reasonable! I had to restrain myself from buying it all up. Also, unlike some other antique shops I've been in, Mahla's does believe in sales. We were there on President's day, and they had a 20% off sale running on some of their collection. Mahla's has a beautiful selection of furniture, just be prepared to empty your wallet for it, as none of it is cheap.
