2	OK so for drinks only, this place is your usual bar in a touristy part of town.  For eating, the food is pretty weak.  I had wings, and one of their speciality sandwiches which were both terrible.  Service was fine though so I don't blame the servers.  But this place is much better just for drinking.  The best thing about the place that gets it it's second star is the photo booth which is great since it's a true film photo booth (not digital prints).
3	I went here with a group of friends on a Friday night.  It was a lot of what I expected of a bar in Station Square.  We were just there to drink and dance.  I was the DD, so I can't vouch for the drink prices.  There are two separate bars, an upper and a lower, a small stage where we saw a cover band from Atlanta play (they were okay).  Later in the night they were pouring some sort of peach schnapps concoction into the mouths of the ladies who were willing to be on the receiving end and dance up on the stage.  It kind of added to the wild and crazy fun aspect of the place.  Not bad. I'd probably go back, but not before checking out some of the other places in Pittsburgh first.
3	I must refrain myself from giving this establishment five stars just because I touched, (yes, touched!) a particular football player here. I must question why he was out on a Friday night and he is not playing today cause he needs rest for his sprained ankle....more like he is suffering from a buckhead hangover! I would have gotten my picture taken if it was not for the big scary dude who told me, he doesn't take pictures in bars. Someone just doesn't want 'drink like a champion' pictures appearing again on deadspin.But, whatever. Decent bar. $2 you call it on Friday nights - at least when I was there and it went until 10:30. The place was packed and the music was Pittsburgh - a good mix of everything and country music included. That's how we roll.
2	We ended up here strictly do to the fact that we were staying at the Sheraton across the street.  A more generic booze and grope you will not find.Actually, during the early evening it wasn't a terrible place to grab a drink before heading across the river.  But after 10, it was time to overcrowd the place with uninteresting people looking to hook up with the world's most generic cover band as the backdrop.Which, if that's what you're looking for, you could find a place that has something more going for it. The staff was fairly kick ass towards our group, but other than that, there's absolutely no reason to seek this meh joint out.
1	Unfortunately I was too lazy to walk or drive elsewhere when staying at the Sheraton which is about 50 feet away.  What a mistake.  This place is about as generic issue as it gets, complete with all the fake outdoor stuff you might imagine, and the service is very poor.Aparantely the bartender thought her dinner she was eating at a side table was much more important then serving drinks.  There is very little food selection and it is sub standard bar fare.  I am not sure if all the bars on this street are like this, but I would avoid this one if possible.
4	we steamrolled through here on our road trip.  we were staying at the sheraton across the street and the concierge suggested we check it out.  good suggestion, because it was ladies night.  it was kind of dead when we first got there.  either it really did fill up, or all the alcohol we had made it seem more full.  we ended up having a really great time- girls dancing on bars, learning the cupid shuffle, stumbling through the electric slide.  we may have been a two man crew, but i think we brought so much party in our pants, the buckhead wouldn't have known what to do with more than two of us.
2	Kill me now. Playdoh flavored pizza and live music so generic you'd find it on the shelf just below Valutime. Okay, a nice selection of martinis and some decent specials now and then.  And buckets of peanuts are nice. The dance floor is awkwardly positioned and the decor is perplexing (hunting themed, I guess). The only reason people don't leave is because the music is so loud you can't hear yourself thinking "there's got to be something better to do in this town."
4	We stopped in for a drink after a Steelers game and left with a $200 bar tab-how that is possible with $2 miller lites, I do not know.  With all the tables being taken, we slid into the "cabin" area and claimed 2 couches and a TV-best find ever, it was like hanging out in our own living room!  The bartender was super cool-he quickly learned the name on our tab, was quick with the drinks, and changed our TV to the channel we wanted.  The only real negative was that the wings were terrible-overcooked and almost no meat-but the fried pierogis more than made up for it!  These things were awesome, we tried to get a second order but they were all out!  The mozzarella sticks and onion rings were just your average bar apps, but good for 4 drunk football fans.  The music was pretty loud and we couldn't get sound for the games which was a bit of a bummer, but the music was good so were ok with it.  A great place to go and get your drink on.
3	Oh Buckhead. I want to like you, I really do. With all your tacky decorations and your $2 Yuengling special. But the thing is, the bands you bring in are so so so awful! Like "hey, we're from Detroit and we're here to rock you." Then they try to play a Train song. I just couldn't take it. The DJ isn't so bad, I enjoy that they play a mix of current music and 90's rap. I never get sad when I hear a little Sir Mix A Lot and Biggie. I think the most disturbing thing of all is seeing an old man, and I mean like grandpa at the bar old, pouring shots into young girls mouths. I felt disturbed watching this happen, yet I couldn't look away! Where did this man come from? Who was he associated with? There were so many questions... Aside from that, I'm surprised there was such a large crowd in the middle of January on the coldest night of the year. The crowd was VERY mixed! I saw everything from 21st birthday celebrations to Cougars out on the prowl. I'd say if you took the band away I'd be able to rate this a 4 star, but you're gonna have to just settle for 3.
4	Always too hardcore.Leave here blacked out* and bleeding**Long. Island. Iced. Tea.*Jessiee thinks she paid for a drink here with her Macy's card.....** From the knees(b)
1	This place sucks so incredibly hard!  Avoid at all costs.  The doorman is a complete jackass, and they have the audacity to charge a cover for this gyp-joint.  The music is incredibly terrible, too.  It's basically the kind of place that smarmy morons go to get hammered.  The Pittsburgh police sit outside smoking cigars (yes, for real) and I saw them let many obviously drunk drivers go without incident (though I suppose that could be a pro for some of you).  Regardless, this place is for losers-- avoid!!!
1	After the owner contacted me about my previous one-star review, I felt it necessary to point out that most of the reasons why this place sucks probably have nothing to do with the management.  Yes, I called the doorman a jackass, which was probably harsh-- I'm sure he's just a perfectly nice guy who has simply become bitter after having to deal with the level of drunk idiots who frequent this place.  I guess he kind of has to assume that everyone is drunk enough that they might potentially attempt something that they will forever regret, so I suppose it makes sense that he assumed the same of me even though I arrived entirely sober.  Also, being that I'm 35 years old, it's fair to say that this just isn't my type of place, and a one-star joint for me might be considered the best bar in history for a 22 year old frat guy who isn't aware of how crappy Pittsburgh really is.  This place sucks because the clientele is made up of people that I generally try to avoid, not because the management is incompetent, which I can't really speak to.  If you are a 21-24 year old male who is forced to reside in Pittsburgh or surrounding areas and your typical Friday night consists of drinking until you throw up and going home with a girl who will only speak to you because she's even more hammered than you are, have at it, loser-- FIVE STARS!!
1	Went there during when their site said they would be open and they were closed. This totally ruined a group outing and watching the All-Star game today. We gladly gave our business to someone else and will never try to go here again!
1	Do you love fist pumping bros converging with several bachelorette parties?  A siren going off every 3 minutes to let you know you're having a good time while a girl standing on the bar pours free shots down your throat?There are a lot of people having fun here.  And while I laughed out loud at this ridiculous scene, I'm not all for it. Especially when I have to pay a cover for a place as crappy as Buckhead.Buckhead is basically a frat party, except people try to pretend that it's better than that.  It's not.
3	I stopped in here at either the best time or the worst time, depending on what suits your fancy, meaning, it was completely dead. I walked in to this taxidermist's wet dream, log-cabin bar in Station Square and looked around with a "Is this place even open?" look on my face. Apparently it was, so I sat down at the bar to get something to eat/drink. Menu selections were pretty standard with a few unique local twists so I decided to try the Pittsburgheese Cheesteak Naan Pizza, a thin-crust with cheddar cheese sauce, mozzarella, provolone, shaved steak, onions, mushrooms, green peppers...and French fries. Sounded interesting and it was actually pretty decent. The Happy Hour special was $2 New Castle pints, so that was a no-brainer.The bartender was a cool, personable guy and the service was excellent, since I was the only patron at the time. From what I've read, it gets much livelier at night/weekends, so I was content to enjoy a semi-quiet meal before heading back to the hotel.
4	I went for lunch before I set off on a tour. I chose here because most all other places at Station Square to my knowledge were chains or at least places we have where i come from. This place is huge and looks like it has the potential to be fun later on. I asked about local Pitt beers and the bartender offered up 2 one being IC and the other their draft special of the day, yuengling. I ordered what appeared to be the healthiest two menu items. I got the meatball appetizer and a salad that came with all the veggies grilled on skewers and laid over the greens. A cool presentation idea. There were some very comfy looking couches in little booths along the one wall which looks like a fun place to have table service at night.
3	2 Words:  $2 Beer.  The appetizer we had wasn't that good.  We had the pizza roll.  We'll try something else next time.  I would give this place a second chance.
3	A group of more then 5 drunken ladies who were obviously part of a bachelorette party stampeded my friend and attacked him on the dance floor.HAHAHAHAHA .We still to this day don't know how we feel about that.I wouldn't go out of my way to party here, but if I'm in Station Square I'll stop in. The crowd is less rowdy then what you would find on East Carson street.
5	I just had my sisters bachelorette party there this weekend. There were  26 of us. We had two VIP sections which were great because we had our own area all night. We had our own sever all night and we even got champagne and chocolate covered strawberries upon arrival!  The music was great and we danced all night long!  Free cover and no wait in line included in the VIP! Definitely recommend this bar and would go back again!
2	I don't want to be too unfair to this place - I suppose if I was still a 20-something looking to get blitzed in a non-dive bar that was inexplicably decorated by the Sportsmen's Guide, this would be the place that I would head to. However, this time it was just me and the wife some randomly stopping in a place to have some food and drink while watching the Steelers game.  It wasn't really good for this purpose.  First the good parts. The table service was fine, and we enjoyed the food. She had a steak hoagie and fries, that while over priced at $14.95, was enormous and quite good.  I had a plate of wings, which were also good.  Obviously nothing special to them, Franks and some spices on a nice, meaty wing.  Wings are not something that you have to do spiff to get right. And these were definitely done right. Also, $2 New Castle drafts were a nice surprise.   The AV system was a disappointment.  Yes, they had several TVs, but some seats did not have a clear view. None of the TVs were HD. The sound system was awful.  The DJs PA system, aimed at ear-level, crank several levels too loud for the size of the room and the number of people in it.   Shoddy and unprofessional. When we moved to the bar, things went downhill.  First of all, the drink special actually ended two hours into the game.   Now, in a practical sense, this meant my draft price went from really cheap  to cheap, so I don't have much to complain about. However, I think it's just good customer service to inform the customer when a special price is ending.  And that's the main problem I had with this place. The bar service was dreadful. There were always 3 or 4 bartenders, and at most one of them could be seen actually serving a customer at any time.  I literally had to try multiple times to wave down one of the wandering bartenders in a 3/4 empty bar just to order another round.   This inattention led to another more serious problem when I got my bill and I found a drink on it from another table. Yes, just one mistake, and just for a few dollars, but it was caused by a new guy trying to figure out the register, while his cooworkers just ignored him (we witnessed this. Other bartenders were inexplicably hand washing dozens and dozens of glasses in the bar sink rather assist him).  No one was rude, it's just that they obviously weren't interested in doing there jobs at anything other than a minimal level. Probably OK for the drink-your-face off frat crowd, but not good enough for actual adults,
2	Went to Buckheads on a Thursday during happy hour for a beloved colleagues farewell outing. Number 1 they don't have Coors Light on draft that's a big no no for me. Number 2 they had a bar tender in training. That almost always proves to be a disaster.  I ordered a Coors Light bottle and was given a Miller Light instead. Buckhead is trying to do some fusion bar menu which leaves a lot to be desired. I ordered cheese sticks because I thought I'd play it safe...well that was a mistake. The cheese sticks were egg rolls with a cheese filling and were hollow like almost no cheese in side.   Who does that Cheese is not a primary ingredient in almost any Asian dish and did not work at all inside of an eggroll. The only happy hour special they were offering was buy one get one free Miller Light Pitchers. How about no thanks! Needless to say I will not be rushing back to Buckhead Salon anytime soon.
1	One of the worst establishments I've ever had the displeasure of getting dragged too by my friaends. I've only been there twice, and I would never go again. Trashy decor, trashy patrons, horrible music, and not much else. In my years living in Pittsburgh, I've patronized all of the establishments that have occupied this building/space (Matrix, Margarita Mama's, Hooters) and they were all trashy places to go. You couldn't even pay me to come here.
4	Went here for the first time this past weekend for a birthday party. There is some kind of deal where you get bottle service half off if you bring 10 people on your birthday. Plus we got free shots, free cover, and the birthday girl got $.01 drinks.Despite the fact that we were taking up prime couch space and hardly spending any money, the service was great. Our waitress kept coming back to replace the carafes and see if we needed anything even though her section was very busy.  The only problem we had was we were sitting in a section that was all tables and nowhere near the dance floor, yet the music was still incredibly loud. It is frustrating to be sitting at a table not be able to hear someone who is five feet away. That said, they play a fun mix of 90s music and recent top 40 that most people who were not trying to talk seemed to enjoy.
2	Don't waste your time going here!!!I came in for late lunch around 3pm and stood in the doorway for almost 10 minutes till I was greeted.  Three servers were too busy standing around doing nothing by the food window but gossip than to acknowledge, greet, and seat me.After I finally got a table, the server I had was fine...she seemed busy with other tables and since I was alone, I guess I was not a priority.  I finally placed my order after waiting what seemed like forever.Please be advised, if you order a burger, you can ONLY get them cooked well done!!!!  The server said it was a restaurant rule!  I tried a Burogi ( a burger with 2 Pierogis on top of it), and although it had decent flavor, it would have been better if not cooked well done.  She dropped my check only after I had to flag her down and ask her for it.  I had to get to the river cruise that was next door.I should have just gone to one of the chain restaurants that was in Station Square, but wanted to try a Pittsburgh place.  If you want bad service and overcooked burgers, than this is the place to go!!!!
4	A couple of friends and I got together the weekend of St. Patrick's Day to celebrates my birthday and St. Paddy's Day.  We gathered a few more people and bar hopped all day long and the first place we stopped at was this place.  It was already crowded at 8 in the morning when we got there!  That is always a good sign.  The drinks were strong.  They had great booty-shaking music.  Fun party atmosphere and a great live band too!  We did go to other bars, but we kept coming back to this one. I will make sure to go back to Buckhead next time I'm in PIT!
2	I was here on a random Friday afternoon.  It was okay, a different experience than I usually have, but I probably won't come back any time soon.  There were very few people here with us, so the waitress was around to check more frequently than I'm sure she would have if it was during a peak time.  The draft and bottle lists are unimpressive, but it'll get the job done.  They have a pretty decent liquor selection, but I can only image the price here.I had a few of their nachos off their nachos to share plate and they were a nice, thick chip with some non-descript lettuce, tomatoes, cheese sauce, and a few jalapenos.  There were small sides of salsa and sour cream.  I'm used to a big mess on the plate, but these were actually fairly neat to eat - I almost missed the soggy reject chips that are always left on nacho plates because that means the first ones were the perfect balance of crisp and gooey.  They also ran out of grilled chicken, so we had to substitute chicken tenders.  I'm wondering why, since it was SO packed (read: not at all), they ran out, but it happens.Redeeming points: Big Buck Hunter.  My boyfriend and his friend selected this place because they have an ongoing competition.
4	We had my friends 30th birthday party here. This is actually the 3rd birthday party we've thrown here.. The VIP is the best. We love having a place to call home base..Also loved the hot waitress we had. She was hustling all night for us.. We had about 15 people who are big drinkers so we kept her busy. Drinks are fairly priced. I don't feel like I spent more than an average night out in the city.. We didn't try the food except the pizza we ordered to take back to the hotel across the street. And from what I remember it was good. I have been in for lunch before and I love the cheese sticks.. Definitely will be back.. Thanks Buckhead!!!
4	My 10 year class reunion was at Buckhead.  Buckhead provided us with a private area for our party.  We also received finger foods (meatballs, cheese sticks, pepperoni rolls, chicken fingers and cookies).  It was $30 per person for the area and the food.  The music selection was perfect for 90's babies!  Lot's of 90's songs.  Their wine selection was very minimal and I thought their prices were kind of high.  Parking can also be very expensive and limited.
3	My friends and I find ourselves here every month to unwind from the week. We win some drink specials so we get VIP seating. We usually get there earlier in the night so it isn't as crowded. That changes around 10 or 11PM and the bar becomes a dance club and bar. The drink selections are okay and the waitresses are attentive. Buckhead Saloon is a good bar to go to with your friends to have fun but it isn't anything special.
3	Nice and clean but there wasn't but there wasn't more than two people there. Had drinks only with great service.
2	you people need to go to burger schoolour burgers looked white-probably frozen burgers boiled-grossthe pretzel rolls,beer and the steeler nation were the only good thing about this place
2	I gave 2 stars because the staff is very friendly and the bar and restaurant are clean.  There are many screens to watch a game and kitschy decor.  The beer selection is lame and the food is extremely average.  I had "The Mario" Burger which was served on a fresh bun and accompanied by a mound of hot crispy fries (the other star).  I asked for a side of mayo and got a cup of shiny, translucent around the edges beige stuff I DID NOT EAT!  It looked as if it were scraped from the pan in the chilling table and had been there for days.  There's a Buca Di Beppo down the sidewalk...  I wish I'd gone there.
1	Didn't even get in. After Steeler game on Sat Night . Went there to get drinks and maybe apps.  We went in. Door guy on 12-3-15 said our friend had a ski like pants on and said his pants were not proper entire.  Said if he stripped to next layer of jeans or kakky's. He was.  Good. Not. We left went to next pub spent 200$.   f u a hole door guy you suck!
