5	This place is actually a new fancy Mc Cafe. Inside looks like a starbucks with wood finishes, pendant lights and wood flooring. VERY NICE for a McDonalds. We just ventured in for a Free Mc Flurry. So, there may be just a little bias on this one. We won coupons at the ballgame. They were, of course, delicious, and the price was right!!!!
1	I've eaten at a LOT of McDonalds' in multiple countries but this place is the WORST when it comes to quality. My wife takes the pickles off her burgers and when she recently opened up a southwest chicken sandwich there was what appeared to be LINT on the bottom of it! We were busy that evening, kept it in the fridge to take back, didn't have time the next day and then it obviously didn't matter.. I've bought filet-o-fishes where the tartar sauce is slopped so far on the side of the sandwich that most of it winds up in the box, and a couple of nights ago we gave them one last chance - wife brought back my order of 2 filet-o-fishes and I looked in the bag and asked why they'd given us chicken sandwiches? She checked inside and said they were just the wrong box but the f-o-f's were correct. Fair enough. Then she had another look in the fucking bag and found they'd given her a spicy chicken sandwich instead of a double cheeseburger. WTF? I mean obviously she checks the bag when they pass it into the vehicle window but when you see the correct number of boxes/items in a darkened car interior you assume you're good to go, right? You're not going to check between the damn burger's legs to determine its gender, right? Basically this place SUCKS, the franchise owner has no clue about quality control and we're not eating there again. I'll see if I can find the pic of the lint on the burger that she sent me from her Blackberry. Avoid this place and just get Culvers or Jack in the Box instead.Incidentally, this is the first McDonalds in over thirty years that I've had anything near this sort of tragic experience with, which is mainly the reason we went back after we got the lintburger..
1	How hard is to keep track of a small fry and smoothie? They have yet to get my or my parent's order right at this location. It would seem that management is lacking as everyone is standing around trying to figure out what they should be doing.
1	Dumb dumb DUMB. Shame on me. I went back here again after I swore I wouldn't. Ordered a #4 combo - that's 2 cheeseburgers - plus diet coke, at the drivethru. Get my order and reach in the bag to feel around. I can feel a frickin BOX in there. Lo and behold, they've given me a single filet-o-fish in the bag!! Back home I take a sip of the diet coke, and stop dead. Give it to my wife. She confirms. It's regular coke. IDIOTS! This place should be shut down, it's the absolute worst McDonalds I have EVER experienced. INCREDIBLY annoyed, enough to write in to the head office.
2	Why bother to ask what kind of sauce I want for nuggets at the time of order if you aren't going to add them to my bag at the drive-thru window. Not just isolated either, its EVERY time.  I always have to remind them about the sauces even though its on my order ticket.  I can't even remember a time when they got my order 100% correct.  Took my son there today.  Time was around 2pm so not busy at all.  Went through the drive thru.  Ordered a mighty kids meal for a BOY and when asked what kind of sauce for his nuggets I specified sweet n sour.  Also ordered a #1 combo with diet coke.  Think thats a pretty simple and straight foward order right? Well of course I get to the window and no sauce in the bag so I ask for the girl for some sauce.  Hand my son his mighty meal and he freaks out because they gave him a princess toy!  This is not good!  So I have to now park and go inside just to swap the darn toy!  I sure hope that management reads these reviews so they can make the changes needed.
3	Wow, new interior with contemporary seats & WiFi, yet mostly old farts as patrons enjoying their Egg McMuffins 'n Coffee.  Decent parking.  Nice vibe.  I got to see one guy spew profanities at the manager for a problem with his order.  Oh well.
1	What can I say! The changes! McDonalds has been around forever! And now they want to change! Just because a few people wants to run our lives!! I get it! You can always make it an option! But no! You have to request fries! or soda! If I want a freakin apple or milk, I'll just eat at home! We come to the golden arches to get away from everyday life. Give me that processed food! That's why we come here for!!! Anyway, this location is like any other place. Good service, at least they try! You have to realize that if these workers were more valuable, they would be working somewhere else! Give these kids a break. We have all been there!
3	Food was ok WiFi was great thank again
2	Maybe its new, but it sure is on the slow side?  Maybe I got a bad crew day.  The employees sure were unfriendly and seriously 1 napkin for 3 meals?  1 sauce for 10 nuggets?  I had to keep asking for stuff.  Maybe more fast food places like this will make me not want to eat fast food.
3	Chicken wings.  When we asked if they were regular or spicy we were told regular.   Wrong!   They have a kick.  IMHO. If you are going to do a national roll out on the product, you should test your employee's knowledge before putting them on the register.  The store we went to didn't even have signage up.  We had to ask If that location had the wings.   Now before you tell me they are just teens,  this was lunch time, in a senior community, during a school day, and the person who waited on us was mid to late 20s.The wings are pre cooked, spicy, and a lot of breading.
4	The playground here is a lot of fun.  We came here on our way up to Flagstaff and the kiddo loved the playground!  I liked it, too, because you didn't have to do a whole lot of crawling trying to get to your kid.  We had breakfast there and food was par with other McD's.  Good service, too, probably better than average of other McD's I've been to.
1	Awful. 6 times in 6 visits and every order incorrect. Maddening. The last was a quarter pounder with cheese where they forgot.....the cheese.....there's just no excuse. 6 times is just too much of a coincidence which leads me to believe that the workers here are neglectful, forgetful and Just don't give a fig. I'm done with you guys and MacDonald's, period.
1	I am very disappointed in three McDonalds stores in Surprise Az.   We have visited the bell and 303 location 2 times, and the Walmart @ Waddell rd 2 times and the Grand and. Reems location 1 time,  since Thanksgiving ordered the XBOX promo, and each time I had to ask for XBOX game pieces, they employees did not have the right containers out to play the game.    Early on in the game I guess I understood, but not weeks into the game.  These stores need to be made aware of what is going on and the stores managers and assistant managers need to be more attentive.
1	Go to Taco Bell across the way. This place sucks. Rude and can't get food right or even hot. They can even keep the play area clean and they weren't that busy.
1	Tried the clubhouse burger.  YUCK,  the flavors don't blend, the bun tasted weird, too much sauce that was not complimentary to the sandwich, long story short didn't like.  Gave it a thumbs down to manager, who seemed un interested when I told her that we ate only a third of the sandwiches we purchased.
2	Not a good McDonalds experience. They were out of quarter pound beef patties and self-serve ketchup. Cashier was not competent even towards simple questions and staff just looked unorganized- suggests bad training. The lobby was dirty with trash on tables and food on the floor even as the restaurant was not busy and was adequately staffed.
