4	Just opposite Cineworld in Fountainbridge, Wing Sing Inn provides a truly Chinese experience, in sometimes amusing ways.  Their menu, for example, features appetising items such "Water Swamp Morning - glory in Malaysian style" and "Salt & Pepper Fog Leg," and when we phoned to place our order, they answered initially in Chinese, and even when persuaded to speak English had a brusque manner that made no concession to conventional notions of customer service.Nevertheless, this did not detract from our enjoyment of the food they delivered.  Me and my friends steered away from the more, umm, unusual sounding dishes and stuck with things like Pak Choi with Mushrooms and Yu-Hung Aubergine which were excellent and came with delightful garnishes.The many Chinese customers who frequent this restaurant bear witness to the fact that Wing Sing Inn, despite its cheesy name, is the real deal for authentic Asian cooking.
4	Ill have the "spare ribs", followed by the "and the"Ignoring the obvious lack of grammar and spell check on the menus, this place really rocks when you're looking for an authentic Chinese experience.It has to be one of my favourite sit down Chinese meals in the city, it's authentic from the "hello sir, what you like today?" when you walk in, to the "bye bye sir, see you later sir" when you leave with a full belly.The clientele is very Chinese, which is a good sign for me, and the food even more so. They have the traditional chicken fried rice type food, and also more authentic pig intestine goulash. Needless to say, I went for the former and wasn't disappointed! Staff are friendly, and food is tasty! For this side of town, it's a top choice and it makes a great meal before you catch a flick at Cineworld. Highly recommended!
3	It was my favourite Chinese restaurant in Edinburgh, until the change of ownership about two years ago. Service was fast and friendly but the dish just not as good as it was before.  Anyway still a good place to get a quick meal.
4	I haven't eaten in here so I can only comment on the take-away food. Which was splendid. What I do love about this place is the nearly totally incomprehensible menu. Most of the time you have only a very slight idea about what you've ordered. The food is almost wholly proper Chinese, with a little section at the back titled "western dishes" - this features sweet and sour, lemon chicken etc. The menu includes frogs' legs, weird little dumpling things, quite a bit of pork, and a variety of other authentic dishes. What adventure!I went for some kind of aubergine dish to take out. I had no idea what I'd ordered. But it was AMAZING. So, so tasty. Will definitely be ordering from here again.
4	So another review long in the making!This is by no means your average Chinese Take Away... even though they do take away, strike that from your thoughts if like me it conjures up thoughts of sub par Chinese food that is pretty much the same up and down the UK.That said, some may find this place a bit too adventurous compared to your standard Chinese establishment... if you've been to Red Chilli somewhere else in the UK then cross that place with one of the better take aways (even though this isn't a take away), and you may have an idea of what thisplace is like. It's not as posh or big as Red Chilli, but still takes the off the beaten path approach to some of it's dishes.For an example of dishes I've liked... the Pan-fried Dumplings Stuffed with Juicy Pork were good and definitely seemed home made... the Salt & Pepper Squid was cooked perfectly, but I do wish it had been cooked with chillies and garlic as well and may ask if they can work that one out next time... I can't fault them for it as it is though, it's not Chilli Garlic Squid after all.My favourite dish, that keeps me coming back, is the (Boneless) Szechuan Style Chicken with Chilli & Pepper in Deep Fry... it is simply crazy if salt and heat are your things... I'm literally craving it now just thinking about all of those peppercorns and dried chillies... nom! It won't be for everyone, but if a salty and spicy dish sounds up your alley then perhaps worth a go.For starters, I actually really like the Mixed Jellyfish which seems to surprise them... it has a great garlic taste, but one that I wouldn't fault.For more basic fare, I've had the Fried Noodles (really enjoyed, not too oily) and the Shrimp Fried Rice (on par with better take aways, a bit oily but with good flavour)... to counter this however they offer things likeCucumbers with Garlic Sauce, exactly as it sounds, to offer a healthy alternative.I could actually go on about the different foods that I personally like, but I think if you came here with a few friends and/or ordered a few dishes you would figure out if the food was for you. I've had things I haven't loved, and things that really stood out, but the biggest compliment I can pay is that I look forward to exploring the menu.On to the place itself... adequate probably sums it up to be honest... nothing mind blowing, but nothing bad either...  it seems to have just enough space, I've never been turned away at a busy period, but I havegotten the last available table... generally it seems quite calm, but as others have mentioned there is normally a group or two of Chinese people there eating all sorts of wonders (I'm so crashing one of their feasts one day!) which is a good sign I suppose.The staff are brilliant, but can be a little rough with English... I don't fault that however (I mean, ask me to speak Chinese!) and I actually find it a bit charming, it never gets in the way in the end regardless.The downsides to me are the varying hours... I'm not a fan of "open untillate"... I think Yelp and some other places have posted hours, but trust me... call if it's past 9pm... they are definitely open late sometimes, but I've also shown up at 9pm to find them closed on two occasions. They also seem to be less accepting towards cards towards the tail end of the night,but otherwise accepts them.Regardless, these guys have also gone out of their way holding pick-up orders for me and creating home made chilli sauces so personally I let the weird hours and card policies slide... I wouldn't be so forgiving had the service been bad, but I can't pretend that's the case.All in all, I'll definitely be back and am grateful that these guys are in Fountainbridge.
4	Great Chinese restaurant (sit in or takeaway). They don't have things like sweetcorn chicken soup, but they do serve (seemingly) authentic Chinese food, given the number of Chinese patrons regularly seen here. Give it a whirl - it's like going on an exotic holiday without leaving your city!
