4	I like Fresh & Easy and this one is no different. Just recently opened in March 2010, it's the most recent location in Vegas. Same basic selection, nice friendly staff with your usual self-check out, never a wait. Prices are pretty good, better than the grocery stores. Lots of yummy, fresh food, $.98 produce packs, and ground beef $1.99/lb. when purchased in a 2 lb. pack. Between this and Target I can get my groceries at the best prices. Nice big parking lot, stop by Smashburger out front on your way in too!
4	I like Fresh& Easy a lot. Even though it doesn't have everything, it has a lot of items that are quality at a great price....I come here first and then what I can't find I go to another grocer for. Just wanted to add that this one has really nice staff who say hello when you past by and help you check out even though it's self checkout. It's pleasant to see more cheerful staff at stores...other grocers seem to hate their life.
4	This is one of the largest Fresh and Easy stores I've been in. It is literally a mile from my house so I believe I will be a regular for sure! They have really low prices and a great selection of produce, cheeses, meats and rices. I am always amazed when I walk out with 6 bags of groceries and have only spent $30. The produce is so fresh it lasts a lot longer than what I've bought from Albertsons. The pre-seasoned meats are very helpful on nights when I don't have a ton of time to prepare dinner. The BBQ chicken breasts can go straight on the grill for a matter of minutes. The ready made salads are tasty, and also lead me to discover on of my favorite salad dressings ever! It's a lemon hummus vinaigrette mmmmm soooo yummy and low calorie to boot! It's a Fresh and Easy brand dressing. It's really easy to get in and out of this store, the parking lot is easily accessible and the staff is super friendly.
5	I'm a huge fan of Fresh & Easy.  This location is a good one.  I visited it for the 1st time the other day since I was in the area.  They are very consistent and have the same great products as the others.This one earns 5 Stars from me because it also has easy parking.  The other 2 that I've been to have very small parking lots and can get congested during busy hours.  This one is in a strip mall and has a ton of parking.  Of course a 5 Star is not earned on parking alone......they have the Il Fornaio Bread and discounted items that I love so much.  If a Fresh & Easy doesn't earn 5 Stars from me, they've got issues.Will I return?  I'm sure I will.
5	I love this grocery store. It is exactly as the name implies and the staff at this location is friendly, and helpful.
5	The new bakery is awesome. Plus they are getting seasonal veggies like acorn squash and sweet potatoes. I love the large case of bottled water and the 2 for $3 on cherry tomatoes.
5	We were visiting Las Vegas and stopped in this store to stock up on some basic items.  What an awesome grocery store!  The employees are awesome -- everyone was so friendly, said hello, chatted about our trip, and made us feel welcome.  The selection is great -- lots of organic and gourmet items, a big selection of wine and beer, and delicious baked goods.  Sure wish we had Fresh & Easy on the east coast!!
5	I love the fact fresh and easy is convenient and they provide fresh, good food.  The pomegranate white iced tea is fantastic and the staff there are always so friendly
5	They carry POG juice!!! [A Hawai'i favorite] The atmosphere is pleasant and the food really is fresh and easy. The pork ribs are great especially when on sale for $3.99 and I love how they have all the extras in a ready container [ex: lettuce, tomatoes and onions in a container ready for hamburgers] I love this place!
3	My recent conversation with a worker:ME:"Where is the Smoked Salmon?"WORKER:"We don't got Smoked Salmon."ME: " I bought some here three days ago."WORKER: "No you didn't.."ME: ????
5	Recently discovered this store. The produce quality and prices are awesome. Love their premade food and healthy snacks too. I am a big fan
4	Great place always have fresh nutrition items
3	Great place to buy groceries when you need them as you can always save money and find the freshest food in town. Sadly though, their customer service sucks. It truly is a self service checkout when the bag lady helps out the person spending $30 and not you, the person spending $100. Sad sad customer service I tell you!
5	What a great place to buy everything you need. European standard just like they do it in London, Uk. I was a exchange student there and Tesco in London was absolutely a necessity to me. At Fresh and easy, most products are fresh and easy label which mean they do not use corn syrup - one thing I try stay away from at all time. It sells freshly brewed teas and a variety of to-go lunch/dinner boxes. Most of their veggies are already washed in steamable bags which you can simply put in microwave and serve with a bit of salt and pepper. They have microwaves in store so you can literally do it there and eat it in your car. They also have organic dairy products, juices, tea, nuts at very reasonable price. I am sure most people will be sad to see fresh and easy go. With all the stuff Tesco is going through, the grocery store at centennial plaza can close at any minute. I've been trying to buy everything I can at fresh and easy hoping I can contribute a little in keeping it here. I can't live without it!
5	Definitely one of my favorite grocery stores. They have great organic options. Their lines are ALWAYS short. It's big enough to offer all the necessities and small enough that you can literally run in and out very quickly. **must try their spicy cilantro dip and lemon hummus**
4	I've always frequented this F&E cause its close to my house. I usually stop here for a quick meal after work. The employees are always friendly and the store is clean. Last time I was there I dropped a container of soup on the floor and it busted open. I let the guy working know and he was really cool about it. Said it coulda happened to anyone. Not too much else to say. Oh and they are now open 24/7 yeah!
5	What a great place to buy everything you need. European standard just like they do it in London, Uk. I was a exchange student there and Tesco in London was absolutely a necessity to me. At Fresh and easy, most products are fresh and easy label which mean they do not use corn syrup - one thing I try stay away from at all time. It sells freshly brewed teas and a variety of to-go lunch/dinner boxes. Most of their veggies are already washed in steamable bags which you can simply put in microwave and serve with a bit of salt and pepper. They have microwaves in store so you can literally do it there and eat it in your car. They also have organic dairy products, juices, tea, nuts at very reasonable price. I am sure most people will be sad to see fresh and easy go. With all the stuff Tesco is going through, the grocery store at centennial plaza can close at any minute. I've been trying to buy everything I can at fresh and easy hoping I can contribute a little in keeping it here. I can't live without it!
4	The Fresh and Easy brand is good quality. I like all their pre-made entrees for when I don't feel like cooking. Try their chicken pot pie. Delish! They also have a good selection of wine and beer. I am also a big fan of their new Wild Oats brand. The Wild Oats eggs were laid just three days before and you can tell the difference in quality. I am selective when I shop here because some items can be on the pricy side, but overall I am happy with this store. Check it out!
4	Since the kids moved out the wife and I don't ned to buy the large quantities. Fresh and Easy gives us good selection in sizes that fit a small household. Lots of prepared dishes and their meat selection is really good!The staff is friendly for the most part. They have great prices on breads. Their can goods can be pricey but you can catch good deals on marked down items.
