4	Pretty good dinner with a nice selection of food. Open 24 hours and provide nice service. I usually go here after a night of partying. My favorite dish is the Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict.
4	Good truck stop dining at the right price. We love coming here on the weekends when we don't feel like cooking.
4	If you like lot lizards, you'll love the Pine Cone!
4	Enjoyable experience for the whole family. The wait staff was courteous and friendly; the food was reasonably priced and a good value. A word of advice--LEAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT! the deserters are great but huge! Plan to bring some home
4	One of my favorite truck stop diners with solid food and friendly, quick service. My god, those desserts are huge! I can't imagine eating that giant cream puff. All the food we had was delicious and I love how they leave a carafe of coffee on the table. Love this place. Would definitely be back if I was in the area!
4	Only went here once about a year and a half ago, but they had great pancakes! My only problem with it at the time was that they allowed smoking, so I left smelling like a cigarette. With the change in law, I'm sure the atmosphere has improved!
4	Great truck stop restaurant.  I've had breakfast and dinner here and it has always been good.  Huge portions and reasonable prices.  The bakery I guess is legendary.  They have doughnuts the size of your head!  Eclairs the size of your arm and Cream Puffs that are about 10" high.  On our most recent trip in the area, stopped at the gas station attached to the restaurant fo some quick snacks and of course BAKERY.If you are driving by and see the sign for The Pine Cone Restaurant - Take the next off ramp and stop it.
5	Yeah, thats right a five freakin star rating.  Five Star Truck Stop Dining At Its Finest.Be prepared to eat.  I was first introduced to the Pine Cone at its Johnson Creek location years ago and freaked out at the size of the awesome, delicious desserts.   Then on a recent road trip someone mentioned about eating at the Pine Cone, I thought is there really more than one?  I looked out the window to see exactly where we were at and it wasn't near Johnson Creek -- when we arrived, and I saw the bakery....I knew I was home.It was near dinner time so I ordered stuffed chicken breast.  The dinner roll alone is a meal.  I can't say enough about dinner.  Everything is homemade. They don't add alot of salt, if any.  You can tell its fresh.  Its plentiful.  Its cheap.  You literally can stuff yourself for next to nothing.You can't possibly leave this place without indulging on some bakery goods to take home, IF they can make it home.  In our case, they were safely packed in the trunk for our safety and yours.  The last thing we need to explain to the police is we were under the influence of bakery goods from the Pine Cone.
3	Ate a Saturday morning breakfast at the Pine Cone.  Friendly,quick service, normal prices.  But for the new year - the special was all-you-can-eat pancakes for $2.12, I added a breakfast sausage patty ($3.00).  Father had the typical, two eggs, toast, hash-bowns (seem fresh cut), sausage links.  Food was tasty, no major qualms other than - the hash-browns need a bit more cooking and the coffee needs a bit more bite.very nice assortment of bakes goods - massive - as large as your head cream-puffs, eclairs - I took a blueberry muffin to go - which I enjoyed.  Quick exit from I-94...just northeast of  Madison
4	Attention fans of David Lynch.  Do stop by this place.  The atmosphere, staff and patrons will certainly help to make your visit enjoyable.Last time I was here I ordered the caramel nut covered cinnamon roll.  The waitress asked if I wanted it warmed with some butter.   I thought that sounded even better and said to go ahead and do that.  She nodded agreement.  Then when she brought it to me it was unheated and no butter.   Odd but also kind of humorous.  I always enjoy being in a David Lynch film from time to time.The service and food is way better than the country restaurant just a mile south on 51.  Be sure to go here instead.   Their booths are made for skinny people from the 50s.   take a table.  start a conversations with the truck driver to your left. We used to go to the Pine Cone when it was across the street.  Must be hard times for these guys because the interior appears to be older than what they had when they were on the other side of the street.   That place now sits empty.   Why is this area depressed?   Don't ask me, I don't know.  Do I look like I have all the answers?The food here is good and the prices are cheap.   Go here for a nice meal and a flash back to the past and don't forget to take home some bakery.  Or if you aren't hungry just stop by for some great baked goods.    Well worth the stop.This place gets four stars because of their five star bakery selection.  Crazy big cinnamon rolls and good prices.
5	i rarely give five star reviews but for what this restaurant is, it's pretty perfect.  i've only eaten breakfast here (twice in the last three weeks) and the eggs are cooked perfectly, the sourdough toast is made in the kitchen and is delicious, and the bacon was perfectly crispy.  the hashbrowns are the best i've had in a long time - perfectly crispy on the outside and fluffy inside.  the pancakes are huge and light and amazing.  the cinnamon rolls taste just as good as they look.prices are right on, baked goods are pretty great.  service is fast and friendly - really fast.  i haven't had to wait more than 5 minutes to get my meal.  i might be in the honeymoon phase, but perfectly cooked poached eggs or over easy eggs are hard to come by!  it shouldn't be an anomaly to discover well cooked food, but i suppose it is.  sure it's a "greasy spoon" but how many greasy spoons bake their own bread?  can't recommend this place enough for great breakfasts.
4	With a recent addition of a truck driver for a BF I have found myself frequenting truck stops to dine. This little place is quite a pleasant surprise. Basically it is just great home cooking. Everything is homemade and quite good. The baked goods in the front counter were amazing. The size of the cinnamon rolls was insane. And of course I couldn't leave without a piece of pie.
4	This is one of the best breakfasts I have had! Is the decor dated? Absolutely but it just adds to the nostalgic charm! The place just reeks of beef cooking... Ahhh delicious! Check out the pastry cases!!!! OMG, is all I have to say!
5	hands down one of the best breakfasts my wife and i have had. stopped in here based on the positive reviews from fellow yelpers and was sure glad i did. this is a good sized diner at a truck stop. the first thing that caught our eye was the pastries - they were all huge and all looked great. tip - be sure to save space for at least one. i went with the cinnamon roll french toast and was very pleased. very large portion and great taste - go witht the sausage patty over the links. people behind us had links on their plate and they didnt look too appetzing. the patty was good. wife went with a chicken friend steak, eggs, and hashbrowns. hashbrowns left a bit to desire but they get bonus points for being real potatoes and fresh. overall, great experience and we were in and out in 35 mins so we could continue out journey. looking forward to stopping here again sometime soon.
1	I was dining here with my boyfriend when I was served chili and mac with HAIR wound into my fork. I had barely taken 3 bites when I noticed this, and the manager, Debbie, FLAT OUT-REFUSED TO COMPENSATE - Neither my boyfriend or I approached her in an uncivil manner - I simply asked to not be charged for the food which I had barely taken a few bites out of and found hair in! I was running short on time and did not have the time to wait around for another 15 minutes for them to give me more food with hair in it. Even though I had barely eaten she absolutely refused to simply not charge me for the hair-food which I had been served. When we called back later to speak to a manager, the same manager from earlier picked up and tried to insist that she could help and that we didn't need to speak to her superiors, and then simply said that she didn't know when or how we could get in contact with a store manager when we insisted - incredibly rude and unhelpful. To reiterate I was CHARGED FULL PRICE FOR FOOD WITH HAIR IN IT WHICH WAS NOT EVEN 1/4 EATEN, AND TOLD THAT THERE WAS NOTHING THEY COULD DO. We used to eat there a lot but never, ever again will I eat here! It is the absolute worst service I have ever received, and the only place that the manager has acted irritated when consulted with a problem like hair in the food. I would never recommend this restaurant.
3	This is definitely not your usual truck stop. Pastries look delicious. Dinner rolls are large enough for a meal themselves and good!  We had a young waitress who I think was new. We found her to be sweet, polite and trying very hard. The lady managing the restaurant was really rude to her. We could all hear it.
4	A delicious breakfast.  Amazing fresh bakery and pastry items.  HOWEVER, the parkinglot/gas station area is filthy.  Strewn with debris, dead cars, broken glass.  If you judge a book by this cover you would NEVER venture inside.  I hope the Mgr.  sees this and cleans up.
5	Don't be fooled because it's in a truck stop, truckers know where there are good places to eat. Stop here just for the desserts, I bought an eclair that must have weighed a pound, delicious, like they are supposed to be made. Cream Puffs look like they wouldn't fit in a one pound coffee can... grin. Don't miss this place...
3	Continuing on my Saturday morning hangover theme: there's just something about a plateful of greasy food when you're slightly hung over that makes it all better. The Pine Cone has down-home, rib-sticking, greasy food in spades.  The SO and I split the chicken fried steak, which comes with plenty of toast, hashbrowns, and two eggs.  I could'nt finish mine!  The gravy must be the same that they use for biscuits and gravy, because it tasted sausage-y, and as my plate sat there I could see the grease rising to the top.  BUT--I didn't come here in search of health food, and it was just what the doctor ordered. I'll work out later.
5	Some times Jane and Michael Stern are on point and other times the story of the place beats the food.  I would definitely return to the Pine Cone.  It's a bakery and diner attached to a truck stop on the Wisconsin highway.  I live in Chicago and work in a famous Mexican restaurant and I get up to Wisconsin for the old school steak and butter as much as possible: it gives me the energy to do my job.  Pine Cone has eclairs and cream puffs the size of my cat.  And I got a pig cookie.  This little truck stop gives me the big energy to get even deeper into steak and butter territory.
4	I like this location better than the one near Johnson's creek.  It is a bit tight when you walk in, but the charm soon takes over.  I was not really impressed by the food.  However, their pastries won my over.  Try it all!  The pie was delicious.  I went with a simple apple selection.  Delicious, perfection.  It is nothing crazy, no fancy name but truthfully one of the best piece of classic apple you can find around here.  The service is a little slow but once again, it is a small restaurant with lots of charm.  You get what you get and I love it.  It is near a Christmas tree farm so it is the perfect place to stop and get some cocoa on your way.
5	This place was excellent. We were a little nervous because it is in a truck stop but the food was absolutely delicious and the service was fast and friendly.
5	OMG!  The bakery items at Pinecone are AMAZING!   Cinnamon rolls as big as your head and absolutely scrumptious!   The food in the restaurant is great for truck stop food.  We've only come for breakfast but stop every single time we head up to Rhinelander,  WI.  Do NOT miss this place if even only for their baked goods!
5	Wow! A hidden gem. Best bakery. Had the giant cow cookie, under $3. Great flavor. The pig cookie is super cute. The giant cinnamon roll is nothing like I have ever seen before. It is gigantic and very good. The pumpkin square with cream crease frosting is wonderful. And the size is enormous! The dinner rolls are sweet tasting and huge! It's a meal in its self. This is worth the stop off the highway.
4	Best breakfast in Madison MINUS the coffee!  I have tried the coffee on multiple occasions to give them the benefit of the doubt, but could barely stomach it every time.  By all means, go and eat breakfast, but take your own coffee!  I've never eaten lunch or dinner there.
4	This place is actually a pretty good diner, which is surprising considering its a truck stop.I'd say that even though it's pretty similar, this Pine Cone is actually a smidge better than the one out in Johnson Creek. It's still a truck stop, mind you--the food is still greasy and hearty, but this location always seems a little bit cleaner and the servers a bit more on-the-ball. I've had messed up orders at the one in Johnson Creek, but never here.The bakery of course, is the main draw. They have a huge variety of sweets and  they're always very delicious. I'd say for the baked goods alone they're worth checking out if you haven't been--in that respect they could easily compete with standalone bakeries.The prices are extremely low compared to a lot of places around Madison, as well.
4	I may not be a truck driver, but I do appreciate the portion sizes.  If you are looking for big cookies and other bakery items, be sure to stop here!I love their chicken and dumpling soup.  It's always warm, and hits the spot!
