4	By chance I went by the newly opened Target store when they were forming a line for a autograph signing session by Montreal Canadiens defenceman, P.K. Subban. There was a lot of hooting and hollering going on needless to say. I did not stay in the line for the 2-3 hours that many did to get their photos and signatures. On this occasion, I only took a quick tour of the beautifully curated store floor, which felt spacious despite seeming to have a little bit of everything; from chocolates, housewares and hockey sticks, to clothes, toys and hand towels. It's really a pleasure to walk through and checkout the eye candy on the shelves neatly piled and hung. I won't burst into a Christmas carol, but they are definitely gearing up for the upcoming season of shopping sprees. The prices seemed fair at first glance, and I am sure the Starbuck's that is placed directly behind the checkout area will be a welcome sight for weary shoppers as the holiday season comes closer to the big day. Bienvenue au Quebec, Target.
3	I was very excited to hear that Target would be opening at Alexis Nihon at the beginning of November.  With the closing of Zellers, downtown Montreal was lacking a lower end department store, a place to go to stock up on this and that.  Don't get me wrong, I much prefer supporting smaller businesses closer to my home, but sometimes the big box stores fill certain needs.  After visiting other Target's both here in Quebec and in the US, I knew what to expect.  And while overall this is a-ok, I found the layout a little confusing. Somehow things just weren't in the places I expected them, right down to the fact that most customers entering the store walked through the checkout lines rather than the designated entrance . . . myself included.  Within the store as well, I found myself circling around and around, because I somehow missed something I was looking for.  And what's up with the chocolate and candy being way in the back near the bathrooms?  I heard several other people comment on this.  Same thing with the magazines, instead of being right in the front the near the cashes, there's a wall of magazines in the back of the store near the electronics.  I keep telling myself there must be a reason.  So organizational issues aside, it's a Target, it's downtown, it's metro accessible, and I'm glad it's there.
4	I'm a fan of any underdog, and Target has it's work cut out under the shadow of Walmart.I was mostly wandering aimlessly when I entered,The food is pretty well priced, the aisles are wide and bright.I like the fact that I walked out from the cashier without taking my change ($60) and the cashier tracked me down to give it back. A big plus
2	Were the prices great? YeahWere the shelves stocked? SometimesWere the staff helpful? Nope.Went to the self check out because I really hate bothering people (I know it's their job but still) unfortunately my $4.99 mascara tagged as $6.99. Pressed the "help" button, the machine said someone was on their way. A few minutes later, looking around I realized the free staff were too busy chatting to give a f*** even though there was a red flashing light above me. Went to a cash where even the cashier had to put effort into having the supervisor come over. Once they confirmed the mistake they tried to just lower the price, I had to point out that Quebec law means mischarge under $10 means I get it free. The supervisor told me I would have to go to the Customer Service counter to have that happen. The cashier there was apologetic at my evidently unimpressed face when I explained that this was my third visit to a register.Yeah the pricing is good, but when the store is near empty and a bunch of you are hanging out and not doing your jobs you really shoot yourself in the foot. Would I buy here again? Of course, it's walmart pricing in a very accessible area with gorgeous decor peices. Customer service wise though, needs some serious work.
4	I like Target. I like it better in the U.S. where it's cheaper but to Target's credit they do have all the great beauty brands like Sonia Kashuk, Pixi and others that you can't find in other stores, and their brand Merona for clothing is very nice.I liked the open store layout, atmosphere.. it was great. I just wish the prices weren't so stinkin' high.I also found the self-checkout to be kind of annoyingly slow. I scanned a birthday card and it took 30 seconds to register the barcode (WTF?) and then another 30 seconds to pay, which was kind of confusing because the screen wasn't clear about when / where to insert the card and so on. This is the first time it has happened and luckily I am used to self-checkouts so I don't need help at all to figure out what to do, but I'm surprised at how slow it was.
1	Oh Alexisssss.... The Alexis Nihon Target Canada location reminds me of my Dad's stories  of visiting Russia in the mid 80's. Where is the merchandise?! And why are there so many Target employees milling about while there's nothing on the shelves and no one at the cash?At first I thought they were working-out launching stock issues but its just getting worse. They could have fit the merchandise in half the floor space. And as someone who regularly shoped at Target US, Target Canada is just plain ridiculous on all fronts.
1	The one at Alexis Nihon is really the worst. The shelves are half empty, they wanted to put so many different departments that all of them are incomplete. Women's and men's clothes are disappointing. Nonetheless, I took 2 pieces to try on. At the changing rooms, the 2 teenagers were hidden behind a few piles of unfolded clothes and took a while before they saw me. They pointed the way to the room and it was a MESS ! The tiny hallway was cluttered with stuff and clothes and the room as well ! At least 15 pieces were hanging and on the floor with a bunch of broken hangers. I had no where to put the clothes so I just left without trying anything on. A man that seemed to be a manager there was yipping and yapping super loud all over the place and the shopping carts are just carelessly anywhere in the entrance blocking the access. Yes, customers leave them anywhere because that's what lazy people do but no one seemed to have picked them up since the start of the shift. Anyway... It's a free for all and Walmart looks high end compared to Target Alexis Nihon.
