3	Now this is a true dive.  I believe the sign out front says that they open at 6a.m.  And no, they don't open that early to serve you scrambled eggs and coffee ;)  Ladies, smart to walk with sharp side of your keys out when walking in the parking lot.  Better to wait for your friend (or date but that would be a very unromantic date) in the bar rather than sitting outside Wanderin.  The name 'Wanderin' fits.... That is what it feels most of the patrons did ... literally  'wander in' to the bar.  Quite random... older crowd... heavy drinkers...  That is not to say very friendly... had a great debate on the correct recipe for a Moscow Mule with a gentleman down the bar.  No one won, since neither of us had cool phones with internet capabilities. This is not the place to order a cosmopolitan, wear patent leather pumps or sport that pseudo Louis Vuitton purse :)  I 100% agree with the other reviewer.. this is a MUST visit on any dive bar crawl.
1	a dirty li.ttle hole.had a roach crawl on my hand. Joyce the bartender just laughed
3	Good dive bar,Serve good drinks.... Yes, even mixed drinks.Pool tables are decent.There is a wide variety of bartenders.I will be back.... Maybe in a few months.
3	Yeah, this place is indeed a shithole. I guess it fits the neighborhood. Stopped by here recently on a trip to Phoenix for Spring Training and this place was by our hotel. I got a small pitcher of bud light and a healthy sized shot of Patron (we're talking a half filled rocks glass, not a shot glass) for under $10. Theres a few TVs and a few pool tables. Unfortunately, they also had Karaoke going on. I hate Karaoke and it seems to be the thing to do in Phoenix. Anyways, as shitty as this place is, it has good prices and its been my experience that places like this usually provide unique experiences and colorful people to talk to,. worth a look.
5	Dive, divy, diviest bar in Phoenix I think, and so awesome for it.  Staff is friendly and no-nonsense, so keeps the trouble down, Cheap drinks, and a fun time if you're into that sorta thing.  I highly recommend a visit if youre looking for a divy spot to have an ICY cold beer.  By far, the coldest beer ive ever had, but not frozen or slushy.  The glass alone will make you beg for the Arizona Summer.  Even the owner is friendly,  which seems common sense but we all know isn't always the case.  If anything changes, I'll update the review, because I am definitely coming back here again.
