1	It's amazing that they are stil running this place the way they do.  Even on a Saturday or Sunday in the heavy season, there are few patrons and the service is still unbelievably slow.  On our last attempt to have breakfast here, it took us 55 minutes to get served some eggs, bacon, and the usual.  Prices are pretty high, food quality is just middle of the road.I suppose this is why the other restaurant in the area, Dillon's, is always packed while this one is empty.
1	Went there on a moderately light and hot weekend to get the kids something cool to drink and some ice cream....they didn't have anything nor any dessert.  We didn't get anything to eat service was alright for the amount of time we were there.  Being that this is a pretty busy marina, I would think you would want to keep people out there and enjoying things.  It was not exactly cool inside the restaurant and no real drink specials other than on a few beers.  Nothing to write home about here either.  I will not be driving out to eat here anytime soon nor feel like paying a $6.00 fee at the gate to get in when I was already over at Scorpion Bay eating there and had to pay a separate $6.00.  So you restaurant managers and owners might want to think about comping that $6.00 fee if people order a certain amount at the restaurant.  It would make it worth it to everyone and people would want to do it.
3	My husband and I are regulars at this bar and restaurant. The decor here is adorable and fresh with great views of the lake and an outdoor patio with mist system, tables and cushioned seats. My honest review of this place is that if your looking for fine dining and top notch service this is not the place to find it consistently. They do however have a few amazing employees that are A+ if your lucky enough to be there at the right time. The drinks are stiff and the food is good. Prices are a bit high but it is a marina/lake restaurant. If your not boating or out on the water already, I wouldn't suggest coming here solely just to eat, due to the long walk you have to take to get to the restaurant itself. (unless your lucky enough to be there when the shuttle/golf cart service is around) I really hate giving only two stars to this place because I do dearly love coming here and love all the staff. The three stars are based on the fact that I have been here when it is super slow and get the best of service and also when its insanely busy and have had terrible service. The breakfast food on the weekends is amazing but there was a holiday weekend where it was almost an hour and a half before we got our food. That was due to the new waitress forgetting to put in our order. Other patrons were just as upset and some even walked out. I was told later that they had a few sick calls that day so Im sure that didnt help much either. Overall I love the laid back feel of this place and the few great employees that they have. They did just hire a new manager about two weeks ago. Im so hoping that I will be able to do an update soon and give my favorite marina and bar 5 stars.
3	This YELP is only for the Saturday and Sunday Breakfast Buffet.Memorial Day weekend (2013), we came on Sunday around 10am, the sign said to seat yourself and server will be right with you. So we sat and waited, another table came in and was attended to for drinks and plates to the buffet. I eventually walked up to the bar to ask for service. The server did then come over to apologize and give us our plates and get drink orders. Once we got up to the buffet it was slim pickings. The plain eggs were gone, the chorizo and eggs had maybe one serving left, there was a meat trio with egg and also a vegetarian dish that were pretty good and more than compensated for the other two egg dishes that were low or out. There was plenty of bacon and one sausage patty that I left for the next guy in line. There was what appeared to have been a quiche that was gone and some homefries.  There were a few pieces of French toast and one biscuit and plenty of sausage gravy. The gravy is pretty good. There are also assorted cereals and milk and some breads and bagels. After I finished I went back up to see if the quiche had been replaced, in which it was not and get more French toast, which I got the last piece. They did put out some more potatoes and bacon that I saw while I was eating. We really look forward to dining here when we stay the night and the price per person is reasonable ($10 per person). I am sure the earlier you get here the better, but it was a holiday weekend and people were still coming in after 10:30 am, so it would have been nice to have had more of a variety to choose from. My suggestions are: * Have a hostess during the 8-11a buffet or maybe someone collecting money right at the door so you can get in line rather than wait on the server for the plates, then once you are seated she can come over and get you set up with drinks. * The place needs a good cleaning, the windows were filthy!I don't particularly like to leave reviews on the negative side, but I am hoping that the managers or PR people will see this post to see where improvements could be made. The first visit was La-bor Day weekend (2012), we had the buffet and everyone in our group loved it and could not wait til next season to do again when we brought the boat back out.
1	I have been to a lot of water front bars and this place shame with a great location. With one other place of competition no wonder Dillions has no dock space.. Poor poor poor service. Its like they really do not care. Menu was a stapled together blue wrinkled copy of copy paper. Food was less than average and the Sunday buffet was horrible... On top of bad service.. No management what so ever...
1	Stay away is all I can say.  So bad in every aspect.   Dillon's is the only place to go on the lake.  Do not waste your time or money.   Got sick from their horrific so called "breakfast buffet".  Nothing but a joke.  Absolute filth and neglect.  Just stay away.
1	Slow service. Greasy nasty food, not friendly at all. Such a shame because this place could be a goldmine. I agree stay away. Only good thing was the shuttle drivers .
4	I don't know what happened when everyone had such bad experiences. Throughout the entire night from the moment we walked in, ordered, ate our food and left, we were completely satisfied. How about those sunsets! Our waitperson was very friendly, courteous, and informative. I went with her recommendation on the Cuban sandwich, which was a special. All I can say is Awesome! I tried my daughters fried fish and that also was very good. We will be back.
4	We were a little concerned when we saw the reviews but we had a great experience!! It was a wonderful evening on the lake, food was excellent, and service was good! They do cater to their members but if your not a member someone will come pick you up in a golf cart at the parking area and drop you at the front door. My husband had the special that night which was a pastrami hot sandwich. It was amazing!!! Fried fish was good too. Beautiful sunset on the lake and cold beer. We will be back!
1	We have been here on a couple of occasions, only by default when Dillon's at Scorpion Bay Marina is packed. There is one thing you can count on with this restaurant, on any busy weekend when Dillon's is packed you can always walk right in and get a table here. That's your first sign that something just isn't right. And, that should be Waterfront's sign that something is terribly wrong. It only goes downhill from there. Each time we have gone the service is ssssllllloooowww. I have never been able to understand why that is, it's not because they are busy. Dillon's is busy and their service is great. The food has always been just OK, except this last time we went, which, by the way, is the last time we will ever go. I had some family in from out of town for Memorial Day Weekend and that Saturday I took a group to the lake for some wake boarding. At lunchtime we went to Dillon's, it was packed with an hour + wait time. So, we hopped in the boat and went to Pleasant Harbor. Not only did we have slow service, but by sister had mold in her salad and they screwed up our food order. Then, they screwed up our bill. Any time that I have had a problem with food quality or billing problems at any other restaurant the staff and management will usually make an effort to make it right by either replacing the food or taking that particular item off the bill. Not here! The waitress did say "sorry". I contacted Ben, the manager, the following week on the phone. He explained that they had recently taken over the operation of the marina and restaurant, and were working to make some changes. I told Ben about our experiences, and he had asked that I send him an email outlining the problems and that he would email back some coupons for some freebies. I figured if I got some coupons I would go back towards the end of the summer to give them time to iron out the problems. That was over a week ago and I have not heard back. And, the email didn't bounce back, so I guess that they just don't care.As I told Ben, this place has so much potential. Look at Dillon's!!! Their food is good, not spectacular, although some of their waitresses are spectacular. But their service is great. This could be a really cool waterfront bar & grill. It has the ambiance and the dock space. Unless I hear otherwise, I am done trying to give Waterfront Bar & Grill second, third and fourth chances. 15 years ago it used to be pretty good. That was then and this is now.  I did provide what I thought was constructive criticism. I do wish them the best.
1	If you are visiting Lake Pleasant,  skip the Waterfront Grill and go Dillions.  The food at the Waterfront Grill is some of the most overpriced and unappetizing food.  We have had a boat slipped at this Marina for over 8 years.  We always being our own food or go to Dillion's and try to avoid this restaurant.  The portions are small, the presentation is awful and the flavors are non existent.  If you visit the waterfront grill, the pizza is the only item on the menu that is worth ordering.  The atmosphere is great with the views and the service varies by staff and shift.  If you are looking for a good meal,  go to Scorpion Bay and visit  Dillion's.e
4	Had a great time here! Really cool place! The wait staff weren't pushy at all, let us hang out for 2 hours waiting for the band to start, said "No worries,  we're on lake time!" The band was awesome, the ambiance was playful & casual,  mostly people who had been boating all day stopping in for a bite to eat and some drinks.
2	My second and third times to this place really let me down. Service was non-existent and the food was poor compared to our fist experience. I know this is on the water, but I really didn't appreciate people coming in with no shirts (men) and no shoes. What a shame, this could be a real gold mine. We'll go back just to have a beer and watch the boats.
1	Terrible.  Don't waste your money.  We spent $65 on the worst meal that we have ever had.  We ordered buffalo wings and they brought out their boneless version.  We did not ask for boneless.  Their boneless wings are made out of processed chicken nuggets!  Gross.  Then the pizza came out.  The outside was over cooked and the crust on the inside was undercooked.  The server commented on how bad the pizza looked, but did not offer to comp it.  My 5 boys thought the pizza was gross.  They love pizza and never turn it down.  My husband tasted it and said it was bad.  I do not recommend this place.  My order was wrong as well, but the server fixed it.  Sweet potato fries were good, but my burger was nasty.  We plan on NEVER returning.
3	This place is in a great location.  The decor is tired and could use an update.  The service was good and so was the food.  My only complaint is being asked to close my tab before my food was served because the bartender's shift was ending. This is a pet peeve of mine. It seems rude and it is not good for the customer, the business or the server.  I left a smaller tip than usual and rather than ordering more drinks, we left. We'll be back to say hi to Sam and see if anything has changed.
4	We had breakfast before going on the boat tour of the Lake.  The Chicken Fried steak was really very good.  The eggs were cooked perfectly.  Service was prompt and friendly.  This is a very rustic location, very nautical as is appropriate for its location.  If you are looking for Michelin stars, this is not your kind of place, but for good food, excellent service at very reasonable prices, you won't be disappointed.
