5	I love love love this store. It's a mecca of kooky gifts, books, cards, calendars, tshirts, jewelry, candles... pretty much everything you could ask for. I've spent over an hour just browsing, and around the holidays or birthdays, it's the best place to go if you have no idea what to get. You can pick up anything from a barista action figure to chocolate body paint to the complete set of Harry Potter hardback books. And don't forget the fizzy bath salts or the stick-on mustaches. You'll be hard pressed to NOT buy anything before you leave.
5	Despite the kooky spelling, Kards Unlimited is a great place to shop for a gift. The card selection is extensive, so if you go there in search of a card you're unlikely to head home empty-handed. Even better, there's a wide assortment of knick-knacks and books that are perfect as gifts or impulse purchases for yourself. It's easy to lose track of time as you wander up and down the narrow aisles.
5	Such a great store. They stock everything (EVERYTHING), including: cards, hand puppets, necklaces, books, etc... Kards Unlimited seems to take great care in choosing store products for sale. Definitely my favorite store on Walnut.
5	I regret to say that I have walked past this store for four years and never went in. That's four years of gifts that I could have found in one place. The books, staionary, gift wrap, and kooky/fun gifts are all instant inspiration. They have way too many things to classify the store or its demographic, but if you need something unique and have no idea of what it is just go in and look around. You'll find it.
5	Probably THE best card and gift store in the East End of Pittsburgh, if not the entire city.  Even the picky and indecisive card shopper (such as myself) can find plenty of good choices.  Need a present to go along with that card?  You can make a one-stop trip to Kards Unlimited.  There are toys for both kids and adults, gag gifts like beer goggles, books, bath and body products, ornaments and what is my favorite to look at, funky jewelry.  If you're shopping for a literary friend, a bunch of the paper collage-style necklace pendants incorporate literary references (Why, yes, I would like one!).  Even if you're not shopping for a lovable female book nerd, the jewelry is beautiful.The aisles can get cramped with people browsing, but you can't blame them--there's just so much to see.
4	If you are looking for an outstanding comedy gift, this is the place for you.Also: a strategically hip book selection, high quality puppets, a wall of giggle-worthy novelty shirts and a jewelry case.  Oh, and KARDS.Found along the wall: bacon band-aids, insta-Irish accent mouth spray, famous philosopher finger puppets, librarian action figure, vulgar piggie banks, zombie plastic animals, etc.  A tiny sampling of the silliness.
5	They have a huge selection of greeting cards in the back, but I've usually come here to browse the books (lots of Kurt Vonnegut) or the stationary and other gifts like that (notepads like "While you were out" but with snarky commentary). Not only do you have a ton of options here, but they're very well curated options. One of the very best gift shops around!
5	Much more than just a card shop. A very unique store. Tons of pop culture stuff. Take your time and look around.
4	I stepped in here a few weeks ago while I was waiting for my appointment @ the Apple Store....This is a very cute Boutique-y shop!Lots of cool and unique books, gifts, cards, etc.Lots of Pop-Culture stuff, funny gifts and novelties.I really liked it in there a lot!Bacon Flavored Dental Floss, FTW!   ;)
4	This is where I go when I can't think of a gift for someone. The store isn't particularly large, but there is such an array of cards, books, tees, stationery, soaps, and dozens of other uncategorizable things. They stock a great selection of books-- nearly every one is compelling, and I never feel like I'm sifting through a lot of less interesting books to find the best ones. The editions are always nicely designed. There is also a great collection of shirts, including Pittsburgh shirts that only a Pittsburgher would understand.
5	I have to stop myself from stopping here once a week and stocking up on cards I don't yet need. Great card selection and perfect for gift shopping, they literally have something for everyone.  I go at least as often as I need a card for some occasion and they always have new things. A bit expensive but worth it to support this great store.
5	A door sign reads "hiring enthusiastic, energetic and humorous employees" , so I walk-in. Immediately my expectations are exceeded as a lady behind the desk responds to a radio call from the staff upstairs announcing that her radio (which is strapped to her body) vibrates every time someone calls her and she "kinda likes it". I couldn't help but laugh out loud the first 30 seconds I walked through the door. Super savvy, humorous and fun: This is one novelty shop you don't want to pass up! I left with unique childrens books & hand puppets for my son, silly sticky notes for my secretary's desk, witty comic novels, and an irresistible coin pouch. It's more than shopping in here, it's a whole experience. Go in, get lots for awhile...
4	kards unlimited is similar to pulp in dc in that it features offbeat gifts and unique cards, but adds jewelry and literature to the mix.while i've found gems here in terms of cards, i really had to *search* for them, unlike other stores where i find so many awesome cards i don't know which to pick..and end up leaving with seven birthday cards, spending more money than anticipated, and no money for food*. the back area has more mainstream cards by hallmark and shoebox (read:: cheaper), as well as posters, gift bags, and ribbons.the gift selection are great and span from make-your-own-porno kits (do you like to do it yourself?) to cookie cutters, noveltees**, journals, children's toys, and items only locals would understand and find amusing.i appreciate the space dedicated to graphic novels, the corridor of books, n'at***, but this place is brimming with so much product, it's damn near impossible to navigate through the twists and turns, even when you know exactly what you're looking for and where it is.still, stopping by is a must when on walnut.---*priorities, people. at least all my friends will have epic birthday cards!**seewhatididthere.***i'm basically a local now.
5	One of the few non-people I have purposefully sought out and "liked" on Facebook, Kards Unlimited has the highest quality and variety of cards I've ever seen. Plus wacky tees. Plus random crap usually found in gift shops at the airport, only with infinitely more edge and non-bloated prices. I always stop in for a visit when I'm wandering around Walnut and I rarely leave empty handed.
4	What if you got a scavenger hunt list that looked something like this?:1) "Where's Waldo?" complete collectors set2) bud rubber duckie3) Hippopotamus necklace4) Food Face plate5) Bert and Ernie finger puppets6) I Heart Guts plushie7) "Goodnight Moon"8) Cat butt magnets9) Stick-on mustaches10) "Family Guy" Monopoly11) PacMan candy12) The Dude Abides t-shirt13) Unemployed Philosopher Guild doll14) "Pickles to Pittsburgh"15) Over the Hill birthday cardYou could knock the whole list out at Kards Unlimited 5-1.
5	Kards Unlimited is, by far, the most fun and interesting novelty shop I've ever seen.  They have tons of the most random things, and I really enjoy buying gifts there.  Most recently, I found an ironic magnetic Sarah Palin dress-up doll for the refrigerator and some very nice bath products for a gift to a very Republican family member.Every time I'm in Kards Unlimited, I find new and exciting stuff, and I'm always surprised at how reasonable the prices are.  Gotta love this store!
5	Any type of sentiment that you would like to express Kards Unlimited 5-1 has it in a card, which I think all are ordered by the marker of the cards and then by the type of sentiment. Because of the unique and grandiose assortment you can easily spend a few hours easily going through everything from cards and the other odds and ends (books, toys, jewelry, tshirts and so on). I've spent a fast 15 minutes looking for one thank you card by just being in the middle of the store - not even tackling the back. Rite Aid just doesn't even come close, and I keep returning back whenever I want to snail mail a ray of sunshine to someone.
5	What more can I say about Kards Unlimited that hasn't already been stated?  The reviews are glowing and well-deserved!  More than just stationary and cards, Kards Unlimited is locally-owned in Shadyside and has a quirky selection of everything from books, jewelry, toys, posters, games, bath/body, and novelty gifts.  I have found many a birthday and Christmas presents here, as well as plenty of knick-knacks for myself.  Since I moved from Pittsburgh, I haven't been back, but I am going to make a point to visit next time I'm in town!
4	Large selection of unique/cute-tastic gifts.  Humerous knick-knacks/books galore.  Very adorable and staff was very pleasant.  Looking forward to going back again.
4	Every time I'm on walnut st I have to make a stop at Kards Unlimited. It's a pretty exciting place and funny enough I have bought some great cards there. For my friends birthday i found a card with a chubby puppy passed out in it's food bowl. I had to have it! Its also good for those awkward Christmas party gifts, you know the grab bag ones where you always give a great present and get back a gift certificate to a grocery store whose only location is two hours away. If you're like us and like to give cheap gifts that are nice then this place is perfect! We bought a bunch of coffee mugs with pictures of Roger Hargreaves Mr. Men series, you know Mr. Silly, Little Miss Giggles, and Mr. Grumpy. They were fairly priced, around ten bucks each, and they were a huge hit with his work group. It's a way better option than a scented candle. They have wonderful tea options! i'm a huge fan of their Tea forte, Belgian Mint Herbal tea! I can't get enough of it. It's sweet and perfect for when your sick or craving something chocolaty. Overall fun place. Just be prepared to enter very small spaces. If there are any other people in there (which there normally is) it will be an awkward mess.
5	I LOVE this store. Always have to take a look when I'm in Shadyside or have any kind of excuse to buy a card.
5	This place is so quirky and cool I love it. Darren and I spent hours in here just looking. Of course, Darren had his face in the graphic novels (him and his comics lol i like them too btw). I was gawking at everything else including Cat Lady action figures and all kinds of silly stuff. They also have a nice book selections and of course greeting cards galore and t-shirts and so much stuff! Even if you don't buy anything, it's fun to just look around.
5	Going into this store is like going into a vacuum.  You loose all track of time.  That's not a bad thing.I started in the traditional card section and slowly made my to the homemade, more explicit card section.  I didn't even take time to examine all the calendars and knick knacks they had because I was too enthralled with all the cards to choose from.Between here and Wildcard, I doubt I'll ever step foot back into a Hallmark store.  Better quality in cards and the staff are excellent.
4	The store is really fun, just know it gets crowded quickly, especially around the holidays. Don't recommend going with a stroller in tow!
4	I found myself in the Pittsburgh area this Christmas season on a quest for an ornament to exemplify our trip and mark the year.  Of course I immediately turned to Yelp for help and Kards Unlimited popped up to the top of the list as a place to find ornaments.  A quick read of the reviews, a tap on the directions button and I was on my way. I was there two days before Christmas and the store was all a buzz. There was a line halfway through the store which moved quickly. This store has tons of choices. Books, cards, toys, jewelry, knick knacks and - ornaments. The first one to catch my eye was two turtle doves. It wasn't what i was looking for but it did satisfy another quest I am on.  I also liked a set of decorative yet functional measuring spoons. I thought it would make a nice ornament. They displayed their collection of ornaments with fishing line tacked to the ceiling with plenty of "ask for assistance" signs.  I also noticed a sign that explained the meaning behind their pickle ornament but unfortunately they were out of these.  Had they had these in stock, I suspect my quest would have been complete. The sales Team was helpful and polite without rushing even when the store was full. The shelves were neat and the store had a pleasant atmosphere. If I lived in the area I would definitely be a regular.[On the Second Day of Christmas my true love gave to me... Two Turtle DovesDecember 2102 Yelp Challege]
4	Awesome serivce
3	It's stocked with little knick knacks and other random items. I would say this place is perfect for buying gifts  for a quirky friend.I like to check this place out every once in a while because I just like window shopping. I don't think I'd buy anything here due to the fact that it's overpriced but I do like to appreciate their merchandise.
5	This is a gem in Shadyside. I make sure to stop in here every time I'm in Shadyside. It's a perfect little novelty store equipped with funny quirky cards, books, T-shirts, and little stocking stuffers and the like. To be honest, it's a little expensive and I generally don't buy anything while I'm here, but it's the perfect little place to browse on a Sunday afternoon stroll on Walnut Street with a coffee. I lived in Shadyside for a while and grabbing coffee next door at Tree Roasters and walking in here for a peek became a part of my weekend schedule.
4	Overpriced, so I wouldn't really buy much, but gosh I love the experience of looking through everything. It's worth popping in for twenty-thirty minutes and seeing all of the cools things you could read (or play with haha)
4	4.5 stars...I love stores like this! It's got a little bit of everything funny, geeky, and cool. They have the most random things for all ages, especially if you're into topics similar to Star Wars, Dr Who, Harry Potter, Game of Thrones, bacon (yes, bacon), and so on. Aside from random knick nacks, gifts, collectibles, they do have an extentive card (greeting cards) selection, lots of books, and oddly enough an aisle of Yankee candles. If you've ever been described as quirky, dorky, funny, or geeky, this is a store for you. If not, I'm sure someone you know is and this would be a great place to find a couple stocking stuffers for them. The only reason I rounded down on the rating was that the prices were a bit high on everything.
4	Books, cards, calendars, and candles galore (and not just the run-of-the-mill ones). This novelty store has many things you might want and might not have thought of wanting but will want after you take a look. Are you in a witty mood? Their wide selection of tongue-in-cheek, politically (in)correct, and sexually (in)appropriate cards will cater to your whimsy. Just looking for some normal books? They have cookbooks, contemporary fiction, and old literature for your perusal. Are you celebrating a special event? They have a large selection of cards in the back for occasions ranging from Thank You to Mother's Day to Happy Birthday to Christmas. Looking for something to satisfy your or a friend's geekiness? They sell products with themes ranging from Dr. Who to Harry Potter to A Game of Thrones. Just looking for laughs? They have an assortment of interesting little thingamajigs that may pull a chuckle out of you and others.I think you find something there for any occasion. I even purchased Thank You cards here for me to give to my interviewers after my interviews. I also got a relatively normal To-Do list here, but you can opt to choose for something more entertaining. You'll just have to come here to see what they have.
