3	To be completely honest, this is the only college baseball stadium I've ever been to.  Been to plenty of major league parks and a handful of minor league parks, but never a college stadium.Not sure if it's a normal occurrence, but when I went, the tickets were for general admission.  Which on a non-crowded day is awesome, but could be annoying for a crowded day.  The seats were comfortable enough.  Okay width, okay seat pitch.  Most of the stadium is seats, there were a few bleachers but not many.Concessions were boring.  The normal hot dog and nachos stuff.Bathrooms were somewhat clean.Being that it's Vegas, they could really use an overhang and create some shade.  It wasn't too terrible when I went, but I could imagine it being dreadfully hot during the late spring.Parking was free and easy.
5	I went to my first college baseball stadium game today, two actually as this was the second day of the Rebel Classic. Hawaii v Bradley played first, then Loyola Marymount v UNLV. I kind of expected a larger stadium, due to exposure from watching professional baseball games on TV, but after awhile, it grew on me. UNLV students get in free which is always a bonus. I just flashed my ID card at the gate and walked in.After the first game, I switched over to the Home side where UNLV would be playing and met a bunch of really nice people, albeit crazy for the love of the game. They were awesome and told me stories about players and baseball, as well as heckling the other team with shouts of "Hey!" and barking noises. It was a lot of fun to be in the middle of it all. One kid even got a baseball just for sitting near the dug out with his dad.The bathrooms were clean and the hot dog I bought at the concession stand was warm and delicious. This was my first college baseball stadium and it was certainly a great one.Best part? UNLV won it in the bottom of the ninth. Go Rebels!
2	Concessions are fine. Every seat is a good seat. The problem is the timing of college baseball season with Las Vegas weather and the lack if NO shaded seating no matter the time of day is a horrible design flaw. Otherwise a good time.
