5	Don't let the suit's fool you...I don't hang out in Paradise Valley too much, however I went to meet with a local radio/writer celebrity at the local starbucks. As I pulled in to the parking lot I noticed Ambassador Fine Cigars. After the meeting I took a stroll on down to the store with my wonderful mocha. First saw dood in a suit smoking and I was like ok nice. Then old guy came with a suit and I was like oh damn these guys work here!!After all that noise, I was thinking what the hell did I walk into... the prices are going to be outrageous! I asked him where the Padron's were and he kindly showed me. This walk in humidor was like no other walk in humidor. HUGE, packed, humidity was great! "Just push on the door" the kind gentleman said. I was expecting it to slide open automatically like home depot or something.Walk to the Cigars I was looking for, Padron 1926 #1 $20.70, Padron 1964 Imperial Maduro $14.70. (prices subject to change over time) These prices were about five dollars cheaper then other local cigars stores in Scottsdale. The other guy on the couch welcomed me back to smoke as the kind old man was telling me we sell all of our cigars at suggested manufacturers retail price. I will be going to this store again, saving money and smoking fine cigars from Ambassador!
5	The other two reviewers are right on target. This is a fine tobacco shop in every sense of the word.  And their prices are very competitive. They carry all of the best brands and have a large selection to choose from. My girlfriend bought me a travel humidor from there and it did'nt fit my ring size of smokes so I returned it and they couldnt have been more gracious about it.  The owner, Vartan is always dressed to the 9's and is an old school tobacconist in every sense of the word. He takes a fine smoke very seriously and knows his business.   Dell is person in Ambassador who is very professional and makes you feel like a king.  I would go there more often if it weren't just a bit out of my way.  Also the only other thing I can say about it is there hours are a bit limited.  I think they are only open until about 7PM most nights.  If I lived a little closer I would be in there all of the time. But if anyone asks my opinion I give Ambassador Cigars a very enthusiastic thumbs up!
5	An oasis in the desert!I have been a customer at Ambassador Fine Cigars for the past 5 years and I can say there is no better place to purchase and enjoy a cigar in North America. The Staff (Nick, Del, Josh, & Grady) are extremely knowledgeable and willing to assist in locating the perfect cigar or accessory. Vartan, the "Ambassador" (owner) of this fine establishment is a one of kind host! His knowledge and style are world class. The spacious walk-in humidor has everything a cigar lover could dream of and more. If you are a cigar novice or want to learn about the fine art of cigar smoking the Ambassador family will take the time to answer questions and make you feel at home. We are lucky to have one of finest tobacconists in the world in our backyard. Sit back, relax, and enjoy the good life!
5	My favorite smoke shop I've ever been to. Great atmosphere, massive humidor (probably as big as they get) and incredibly knowledgeable staff.  Not only that, but they don't even mind if you just bring a cigar in from somewhere else and smoke it there. I brought in a cigar I bought off the internet (which wasn't even that good although it got rated a 90. I found out I hate Olivia cigars) and smoked it there, but still bought a cutter just so I didn't seem cheap. haha. They didn't mind at all. Overall, as long as I live in Arizona I will be going to Ambassadors and no other smoke shop for my cigars.
5	Wow. What a beautiful store. There really is no comparison when it comes to cigar shops in the Valley. Ambassador excels in just about every aspect. The best part of the experience is the personalized attention from Mr. Seferian, the stores owner. Mr. Seferian obviously cares deeply about his customers, and knows a great deal about cigars. Highly recommended.
5	As a Native Phoenician who now lives out of state I come here every time I visit family and friends.  The merchandising of this business is incredible.  Even if you are not into cigars you will be wowed by the display cases and the way they are laid out.  It is masterful and graduate level stuff.This business is truly a place that backs up what they say on the web site.  The staff is very friendly and helpful and it  comes from example from the top, Mr. Seferian.  He is a cigar afficianado supreme and so courteous.  The selection is second to none and the atmosphere to enjoy your cigar is superb.  As a bonus, most of the people there introduce themselves to you.  Very very friendly.  If I lived in Phoenix, I would be a fixture at this establishment.  It is off the charts.  In terms of doing all the little things that make an establishment a masterpiece, this place has all things covered.
5	Vartan was my "Master Yoda" when I started cigars in 2006.  If you buy a few sticks, he'll pick one that he thinks you might like, and throw it in gratis.  If you get a dud stick (het, it happens), he'll replace it.
5	Best shop hands down. Ambassador's does not disappoint.
5	These people are so helpful. They don't care if you are new to cigars or not. Great service and selection.
5	As I don't visit many Cigar Stores, I have to say that the staff here is very knowledgeable about their products.  They take the time to educate you and answer all your questions.  You see people from all walks of life coming in to get what they are looking for in a fine Cigar.
5	Vartan what can you say about him that hasn't been said. A true gentleman, a humble man, a generous man... hospitality is A++++ at Ambassador. Make time to burn
5	Excellent experience and very knowledgeable.   Great job guys, we'll be back!
5	Gorgeous store, helpful staff, comfortable lounge, great ambiance, best cigar shop I have been to in the United States at least.
5	My friends and I travel to Scottsdale every Labor Day. We found this cigar shop by chance 4 years ago. It was a pleasant surprise. We've been going back ever sense. I can't wait to see their new location. They have a great selection and we love the Vartan cigars.
