3	I've been waiting for this place to finally open!  Now I've got good quality Mexican food within 10 minutes of me whenever a craving strikes--24 hours a day!Only open two days, the doors at last opened for me for a late lunch.  There were a few opening week jitters, but by and large the experience was a good one--although room for improvement definitely exists.Located in a strip mall with large picture windows overlooking Ann Chevron on Losee Road, the layout is standard Roberto's, with a condiment area featuring a colorful array of orange carrot slices, green peppers, white and green onions, cucumbers, and red and green taco sauces located next to a dispensing area for fountain drinks, of which there are many choices.  But here, besides new hard ceramic table tops, the seats are also new and nicely cushioned.  This is an improvement over the hard wooden seats at the Commerce Street location.For my first food selection, at a cost of $4.55 I opted for the #1 Daily Special of Wet Bean & Cheese Burrito with Cheddar & Enchilado Cheese and a small refillable soft drink in a Styrofoam cup that would be considered medium-sized most anywhere else.  The burrito was excellent except for a couple of small over-charred areas on the flour tortilla holding everything together.  The refritos were smooth and tasty, the cheese well melted inside, and the wet Enchilada Sauce spilled over the top was just right--not too mild and not too spicy.  I also ordered a Beef Taco, which is made with shredded beef at all Roberto's locations.  But even though the receipt indicated "Beef Taco," I was instead presented with a Chicken Taco.  It took me a long time to realize the mistake.  But it was rectified by the cashier giving me a replacement Beef Taco at no additional charge to take home, even after I had finished off the entire Chicken Taco.  That is good customer service!  I also ordered a good Bean Tostada, which, to my delight, was peaked with lots of shredded lettuce and cheese.  To this I added chopped tomatoes and some guacamole, just as I did with my initial taco.  And, at meal's end there was still plenty of each left to even dress up my taco to go.  The guacamole was not stone ground.  It was of the creamy variety, but not overly mixed with sour cream.  In fact, it was pretty tasty.  The chopped tomatoes were fresh, almost all red, and abundant.  But a piece of greenish tomato core had been left in the cup that was used to hold them.  For this I only had to pay an additional 75 cents.  Although I had been told that a side of guacamole also cost 75 cents, the actual charge was $1.10.  I later confirmed that $1.10 is the current appropriate charge for a side of guac, and took the discrepancy in stride because for the amount of guacamole I received, the true price was reasonable.     There were a couple of cleanliness issues on my single outing.  I saw a straw wrapper on the restaurant floor when I arrived, but it quickly disappeared a few minutes later, and the floor was mopped while I was still there.  And, the women's restroom was spotless, but some paper remained on the floor of the men's restroom soon after I arrived until I departed about 45 minutes later.One thing about the food struck me.  Even for Roberto's (which is known for delivering nice-sized menu items), portions were very generous, with heaps of cheese piled on the tostada and initial taco.  To all big eater Yelpers who enjoy Mexican food with California-style tacos, I recommend coming out soon and reaping some of these large portions while you still can, just in case they diminish after the Grand Opening week has too quickly faded away.3-1/2 Stars Overall!
1	Although I also REALLY enjoy Mi Familia (just down the road, literally), I really hope BOTH restaurants succeed. This Roberto's have a drive thru and is open 24hrs which is always nice when looking for something at any hour.Service here was good, food was yummy as always!Restaurant was clean inside and out (always a big deal for me, after all-they ARE preparing our food) The only reason it is 3 stars and not 4 is their phone service: i've called 3 different times now (we've been eating out a lot lately) and one time the phone was answered in Spanish, so I hung up. The next time was ok and the last (3rd) time was 'Hello?'-phone skills are every bit as important as anything else. If you're rude to me (as they were) then i'm going to go somewhere else (as i said, Mi Familia is just down the road). Please, Thank You, You're Welcome: theseshould be standard on every phone call. Don't act like i'm inconveniencing you when ordering...Update (down grade from 3 stars): I went to pickup my order ("Ready in 10 minutes", then she hung up) 15 minutes later and it wasn't even started. Today my neighbor and I both have food poisoning-stay away from the chicken AND do yourself a favor- go down the road to Mi Familia. Nicer people, family owned, and quality food.
5	Granted this place is new so cleanliness is not an issue but the staff here is so friendly and the food always tastes fresh and the salsa bar is always clean.I know a review of this Roberto's may be premature because it's so new but because it's across the street from work and in comparison to it's sister stores it gets 5 stars from me.
4	I'm convinced that this is the best Roberto's in town. The staff here is much friendlier than others, and get this.. they actually make your food to order which means no more second guessing if they gave me a regular carne asada burrito instead of the breakfast burrito I ordered. Other than the spectacular service, the food here just tastes slightly better, we aren't really sure why, but halfway into our burritos we turned to each other to confirm that somehow the burritos were better than the other locations. Open 24 hours and has a drive thru. I just got lazier.
4	I had oral surgery scheduled the next day with general anesthesia.  And, after reading and having to acknowledge in writing all the dire warnings of unwelcome side effects that could potentially occur, including death, I gave some real thought to what food I would like to eat the night before the dental procedure, for what could be a last meal.  And after great reflection,rather than selecting a gourmet experience, Filet & Lobster, or a high-end AYCE casino resort buffet feast, I opted--surprise!--for a Shredded Beef Taco and Bean & Cheese Burrito at Roberto's.  And they both were delicious!The burrito was large and elongated in shape, with the smoothest, obviously slow-cooked Refritos imaginable, and oodles of melting Cheddar Cheese.  The taco had a crisp wavy shell, mounds of Cheddar Cheese, fresh lettuce, added diced tomatoes at no extra charge, and some requested Guacamole at a nominal cost.It was only my second time at this Roberto's, and on this occasion I encountered no mixed up order or cleanliness problems.  A solid 4-star experience all the way!
4	Back I went to Roberto's for lunch, where I indulged in a large Wet Bean & Cheese Burrito and a crunchy Shredded Beef Taco.  The burrito was almost swimming in Enchilada Sauce, and the burrito's interior was chockfull of refritos and cheese with some strands of cheese on top as well--although I would have preferred some melted cheese.  With creamy guacamole and pieces of fresh tomato added to shreds of beef inside a crisp but malleable taco shell, the taco was excellent, except not much guac was included for $1.10 extra.  Service was friendly, and a somewhat complicated order came out exactly right.  It was another satisfying lunch at this Roberto's.
4	Overall this place is really good. I like the burritos and have tried most things on the menu. The only complaint I have is the selection of sauces for the food. They have the typical red/green sauce which both are not even slightly hot, salty, tasty and honestly just add some sort of wetness to a dry burrito. I will say hands down my favorite item is the beef taco bowls. They cook the bowls fresh and they use a nice thick shredded beef which is plentiful. I also really enjoy the menudo which is only served on weekends and is first come. I will say that sometimes when I get a container to go, about 50% of the time there is a huge bone with fat on it which takes up a good portion if the container. Also the menudo does not contain hominy and they don't offer it at all. The restaurant is clean and has nice seating area if you are eating in and the staff speaks English well enough that your order is easy. I will say that anything that involves beef tongue has a weird taste. I have tried that multiple times and maybe it's the way it's cooked but it does not taste as good as other places I have tried. Overall good prices and a great place to get a bite.
4	Roberto's in Roberto's this one just happens to have a drive thru. I'm lazy so the drive thru at this 'berto's is great when I'm having lunch in the area, which I have been more often so this location is convenient. A carne asada burrito and a cheese quesadilla top off my tank just most of the time. The tortillas they use here are bomb.com and the cheese is shredded fresh. The red and green sauce are good too and they don't skimp on the amount put into your bag. Cheap and satisfying lunch. Drive thru can back up and the only negative would be the way you have to pull in and enter the drive thru because it's a tight squeeze and rather confusing the first time trying to get in. If paying with credit or debit card they charge .50 cents for that.
1	Drive thru service was horrible. Was rushed off the drive thru radio while ordering. There wasn't even any other people there. Then wen I got to the window, I didn't get a "hi hello thank you you're welcome bye" at all. I just got a rude stare, even got an eye roll when I took a second paying exact amount of coins.
4	I've only been here twice.  They have a great chorizo and egg burrito.  I don't see this available outside of my kitchen very often.  Great chorizo flavor that is not overpowering.  The place was clean on the inside and service was good.
4	Giving a chain 4 stars??? A taco place??? Fast food??? Really???Well, yes. Why not? I only get items that I've tried and tested: chicken chimichanga, chicken taco salad, carne Asada quesadilla and horchata.It's a convenient place to get food from. Next to a gas station by my gym. They're open 24hrs and they have a drive-thru. The food is inexpensive. When I think of Mexican food, I think about lard, salty fried fatty food, sour cream and mushy beans. But you don't necessarily need to get all that if you don't want to. I'm very specific with my order (no beans, no sour cream, with guacamole) and they've never screwed up my order. The chicken pieces in the taco salad are huuuuge and juicy. They don't skimp on the protein here.I'm not a fan of soda or sugary drinks but every once in a while, I do crave for some horchata. I trick my lactose-intolerant self to think it's kind of like cinnamon-y milk.
1	Drive thru is terrible. You are rushed the entire time, even if you are the only customer at 10 o'clock at night. The lady had no manners or any sort of restaurant (fast food) professionalism. While ordering she interrupts you with your total. I had asked for a specific item and it seemed as if she was in a rush to hurry and say "no". There was no entry and exit greeting as you pull up the window.  As far as the food, I am disappointed. Putting aside the horrible customer service, the Carne Asada meat is too heavily seasoned, the spanish rice is also the same, and the burrito is wrapped as if it were done carelessly. I could wrap a burrito tighter then this with my eyes closed. Worse Roberto's I have ever been to thus far.
1	These People are horrible! Their customer service sucks, they're rude & don't know how to make customers feel welcomed.. Every single time we come in we have a bad experience.. I don't understand why like if we should feel privileged to spend $50 on one meal with them & be stingy with their crappy condiments..
