5	I've used Eff-Mech for my home HVAC needs for years and highly recommend them.  They are HONEST, have never tried to sell me things I need and have been nursing my 19 year old units along.  Rick in particular is awesome.  Last year he came out and I asked "Well, is it that time Rick?" (meaning replace) and he said, no, they're still in okay shape.  I've recommended them to many friends and they have all been happy.
5	This company just came to our home to fix the AC after it had been out for a few days and no other companies could get here to fix it for another 24-48 hrs.  They were here in less than 30 minutes and got the AC running, cleaned-up, etc fairly quickly.  Mechanic was clean (esp considering his line of work), polite, and didn't leave a huge mess for me to clean-up.  It also took him less than 30 seconds to know what the problem was & how he was going to fix it.
5	When it comes to purchasing a new A/C unit or maintaining the one(s) you currently own, why you would look anywhere else but to Efficiency Mechanical, I simply don't know.  For years now, they have been competitively priced, always on time, and the job always gets completed as I had hoped.  Bill Smith is always polite and very respectful of the family chaos (I have three kids) which at times surrounds him as he works.  Thank you.
5	I have used Efficiency Mechanical for three years.They responded when my existing unit (serviced by a different company) died.  They came out on Saturday diagnosed the problem and installed two new systems on Monday.  They have been servicing my heating and A/C units ever since.Bill Smith is their technician and is the most detailed person I have ever met.  Prompt, efficient, respectful, on-time and knowledgable!Highly recommended!Bill W.Scottsdale
5	We recently moved here full time last July. We were having trouble with an air conditioning unit in our new home when the first company showed up and told us he could not even get into the furnace/blower area without first removing and re-plumbing the water heater because it was in the way of the unit...Your company was a referral from our friend and contractor P.J. Lane Contracting, He ask us to say nothing about what the last heating & air company had told us and just see what you guys had to say.Tim Ryder was the tech that showed up within two hours of our call to you, he was very nice and professional. Tim went through the top part of the unit and cleaned out all of the debris that had accumulated through a remodel and had it working like a charm!I then ask him to service a second unit which he did.Then I ask him to service two other units at a rental property that we have here in Scottsdale.I would not go anywhere other than Efficiency Mechanical or your technician Tim Ryder!Thanks Guys!David HolbrookScottsdale AZ.
5	If you have HVAC systems on your home that need regular professional maintenance, you should really consider Efficiency for your service company.  They have serviced 5 different condenser/air handler systems on my home for ten years and my systems work flawlessly.  My wine room was never properly cooled until Efficiency  put in a commercial level system that does the job.  I highly recommend this company.  They go above and beyond to make things work.
5	Once again, I am grateful to Efficiency Mechanical! Bill Smith came out today and not only fixed my problem-but explained everything to me and offered helpful suggestions. In the valley of the sun- it's reassuring to know we have a company we can trust!
5	I'm very pleased with the maintenance service Efficiency Mechanical has provided on my two rooftop units over the past year. The technicians (Tim Ryder on my most recent visit) are always on time, courteous and professional. I'll definitely be renewing my service contract.
1	I have a 5 year old unit and am on my 4th blower motor. 2 summers ago I had them come out to repair the blower motor on a 3 year old Carrier unit. The tech took forever to fix and even had to call out another tech, they didn't finish until after 10pm and even then the repairs weren't complete because they had to order a defrost board. The part was supposed to be replaced with manufacture warranty parts. A year later the blower motor failed again, this time I called another company, The other company tells me that they didn't use a manufactured replacement part and that the part they did put it was to big. So called efficiency to come fix the motor, luckily it was still under their 1 year warranty. 1 year and 2 months later the blower has failed again but this time all they offered was 15% off repairs.
2	They fixed the problem, but it was stressful working with them. They tried to sell us a contract to have check ups 2x per year for an exorbitant amount. I had a contract which I showed them that covered the parts 100%, but they tried to "bribe" us and say that if we purchased their plan, they would be able to replace the part because then that showed we were "properly maintaining our air conditioners". First of all, purchasing a plan AFTER we had a problem would not show proper maintenance for the past which contained the problem. The Supervisor tried to persuade me that he probably would not get paid from the company for the part that they were replacing and after arguing unpleasantly with him, he said he would check with the manufacturer of the air conditioning units WHICH WE HAD A CONTRACT WITH. Then they finally replaced the part. Secondly, after our research, we have found that these units only need checking about once per year and there are honest, air companies that charge $50-$75 for the visit!
