5	First the address on here is wrong, it is 1313 E. Osborn Road. This is a very good facility. I have been here several times over the years. This year when i went. I had a Mammogram and was diagnosed with 2 lumps. So i was given a sonogram on the same day and saw a DR. The results were immediately sent to both my family Dr. and my Woman's health Dr.  Everything was explained to me in great detail and i was invited to ask as many questions as i needed to. I was very happy with the care. They scheduled me for a Biopsy. When i came in for that, i waited for 1and a half hours to be seen. But, when i finally was the Nurse and Dr. were absolutely  wonderful. They both explained everything in great detail. Which was very comforting.  Go for your mammogram every year and when you do this is a great place to go.
4	I used Solis for both a mammogram and an ultrasound. The wait to be seen was not bad and they had great magazines in the waiting room. Once I was see the doctor was quite helpful. She really took the time to explain everything with me, including my options for treatment.Hopefully I will not have to get another mammogram, but if I do,  this is where I would go.
1	For a place that is supposed to cater to women I found them very insensitive.  Due to family history the annual mammogram day is stressful for me.  In addition, I have had thyroid cancer and a near miss with colon cancer so my annual sonogram for thyroid screening also creates some apprehension.  Finally throw on the fact that I am rather introverted and just not Chatty Cathy.  The mammogram was ok and the sonogram was nothing special but apparently the ultrasound technician decided to write rude and impolite things on my record about me on the record which was then transcribed so that I saw her calling me names when I got my copy  - wow.  I have had a lot of testing done with my history but NEVER have I seen anything remotely like this ever done.  I also work in healthcare so I was shocked.  Clue in people-not everyone is comfortable in these situations.  Professionals make them comfortable rather than call them names in reports.  I will not be back as I am sure there are facilities in the valley that will treat me professionally and respectfully.
5	I will never get a mammogram anywhere else!! The most professional staff and the most clear images you can get.  They also offer the 3D imaging.  Kudos to the entire place!!
