2	It began two years ago. We signed a lease, and were so badly misquoted, I had to pay  an additional $100+ in fees the first month. Then, we were told we could not hang sun blockers on our patio, the heat in the single pain windows required us to buy special curtains, to keep the 2 bedroom apartment a scalding 80 degrees for almost $200.00 per month in cooling bills. The pool turned into a bathtub for the children, often having an off yellow color and high crime indicators of loitering individuals became prevelent. Now, after scrubbing down the apartment, paying to steam clean the carpets and paying numerous deposits, I am sent a bill, dated mid-December, received today (mid-January) and told if I fail to pay $143.99 in 14 days I will recieve action on my acccount. BBB....here I come!
1	Well, upon receiving a letter from management, they want confirmation from an agency we paid to have the carpet steam cleaned. I have seen their vans, from Carpet Genie, which look like child predator vans and their employees look like un-checked felons (I am almost sure they do not conduct back ground checks), and we purchased a steam cleaner and because of my cats, cleaned the carpets a minimum of three times. Why would they offer to refund my money if I had a receipt if the carpets were not up to par already? Then they charged for light bulbs, when I put in energy efficient ones, when originals burnt out. I am not sure if they think they would have charged me for a service call as a tenant when they did, but they sure are now. If you are military, STAY AWAY, they will use your need to get things moved as a reason to rack you with fees and allege they have "pictures" of the place, which in my case were not taken while either of us were able to be there. Oh, and don't bother getting a drink at the pool from the vending machine, if it does work it is a rarity, when it doesn't, Mr. Garcia has no clue about how to get your money back....why would he allow some one to put that on his property without ensuring it works properly and know who to contact when it doesn't? Because the complex is sheisty.
3	Been here for 5 months and its ok. Not great but fine for the reasonable money. No apt issues, responsive maintenance, and the office peeps are ok if you can deal with the slower paced front desk. Some sketchy people but nothing too intense.  Biggest issues: people do not pick up after their dogs even tho there are multiple poop pots around the property. And even more noticeable are the large number of VERY young unsupervised children about. Crazy- 5year olds left in charge of 3 year olds etc. get a place that faces the parking lots instead of the inside and this is not such an issue. Not noisy that I've noticed. The steam cleaner issue mentioned in the other review is a LAW in a lot of states that have mold issues- the have to show a professional service has carried out the terminal clean to insure the right chemicals were used. They tell you at the lease signing and you can use there service for a fee or get your own guy- just have to have a receipt to give them to satisfy the law. For the hassle and $ it's easier to just let them handle it.
4	I've lived here for nearly two years and have been mostly satisfied with it.  The maintenance is very responsive and the office personnel are very friendly.  The only issues have been: 1) occasionally shady people move in, which prompts several visits from Surprise PD, 2) the nearby haunted house that operates Sept-Oct gets a little old after the 5000th blood curdling scream and 3000th chain saw attack, 3) the lazy pet owners letting their dogs dump without cleaning up after them, and 4) these 3 birds keep crapping on my car like they own it!!!  Wth???
4	I moved into Canyon Ridge in late July 2013. I am a college student who does nothing that a typical college student does, my studies are important to myself and my roommate and when looking for an apartment for our senior year internships in the Valley, Canyon Ridge offered affordable and by far the cleanest and most renovated for cost apartments in the area. We frequently enjoy the pool and spa as well as free covered parking in non-reserved spaces. Yes the apartment can be a little rowdy at times with children but they are always inside at a reasonable time. The staff is amazing! I love Norma, and Chris the maintenance man always gets everything done so fast he's truly a blessing. The only thing that prospective renters should be warned about is the Haunted House that runs Sept-Oct on the South end of the complex. It was really annoying when trying to enjoy opening up the windows to save some money only to hear screaming, chainsaws and loud music until late hours of the night. Request an apartment on the North end if possible and this won't even be an issue! To end on a postive note I have enjoyed the time I have spent living at Canyon Ridge and I believe it is a good fit for multiple types of renters.
4	We have been here for 5 months almost 6. The front office staff is awesome, so friendly and quick to help with any issues. I have no complaints really....except, the washer sometimes doesn't work, and the carpets were not properly cleaned upon our move in. It did smell like the previous owners had a pet that pottied on the carpet, when I brought it up, nothing was really fixed lol but whatever. They should have been replaced, just sayin. Other then that and the fact that the surprise police are ALWAYS in the apartment leaves you kind of uneasy about who is living here haha. But for the most part quiet and lovely. Thanks!!
4	The staff is extremely friendly, they always do things to keep our community active, the grounds are always maintained and they do a background check so you know it is a safe place to live! My biggest complaint would be that there is a nasty smell coming from under my kitchen sink and no matter how many times the maintenance comes they can't find where it's coming from so it still smells every time I open my sink cabinet!
