1	I was surprised by the nasty attitude of the owners. Will not be returning.
5	Stopped in today on a fluke and was so impressed. Have lived in Australia for the last 14 years and mentioned to the owner that the coffee and atmosphere reminded me of the cafes in Melbourne....funnily enough I was told that Code Black has Australian links! The owner was extremely friendly and showed me and my partner around the  beautifully designed shop. Wish they were located in Ottawa as I am desperate for a great coffee venue!
4	A lovely place, with a knowledgeable staff and wonderful coffee! People are working away in their laptops with funky music in  the background (not tool loud). They had this amazing cranberry white chocolate biscuit! Mmmm! The coffee is from Phil Sebastien Coffee Roasters in Calgary, and oh sooo good!
4	Good macchiato. A bit acidic, but well balanced with soya milk (I am lactose intolerant but I personally like the nutty flavor that soya or almond milk adds). The barista also made a cute heart shape.Quiet and chill. Lots of outlets for people w/ laptops or whathaveyous.I was thinking about heading over to Cafe Neve but got dissuaded by the weather.No regrets thus far. :-)
5	Excellent cafe! This is the best cappuccino I've had in The Plateau.
5	Can I get a raise of hands (both hands) for excellent customer service?They can make anybody smile and say "wow, thank you". The employee receiving my order was being trained, but she was very warm from the beginning, maybe 'cause she just started working there. Anyway, I was pleased with the full-on attention she gave me. Everything she did was done with a smile. To the employer/manager there, you made a terrific hiring decision. The other woman on the same shift poured me a glass of water, without me asking her, and brought it to my table. Never before have I had an unordered glass of water brought to me at an actual cafe! It was NICE! I had a chocolatine and a small latte ($4), and paid a total of $6.90. The chocolatine was better than the McGill cafeteria ones. The right amount of chocolate and the right amount of flakiness. The latte tasted much differently from the lattes I've had in Montreal, but in a good way. I would say it was stronger than an average latte. I can't complain though. It gave me the boost to start and finish a cover letter in one go, and the latte art was pleasant to look at. And as some other reviewer mentioned, the WiFi is incredibly fast here, uncommonly so. Therefore it automatically makes Cafe Code Black an ideal place to study or to muse over business data with a co-worker. The tables are kept very clean too.
5	I asked for an americano and I have come to expect the usual decent black coffee everywhere (except for the bigger chains) and to my surprise I was given a large cup with a shot of espresso and hot water on the side. I might add that the coffee was amazing.. Just the right amount of bittersweet. The staff are very amicable too. Definitely worth a visit.
4	Great coffee house, with a good bagel to boot! The owner is super friendly, as is the staff. That said, the coffee is ground and brewed fresh (any beans ground and left for longer than 10 minutes are tossed out! - which is wonderful for customers). They also offer barista training; not too shabby a place if you just want to hang out while chilling out.
5	Love this place the atmosphere is actually so calming and relaxing and it's such a fun place to be in and the barista wasn't Bad either, I sat outside with my dad and also brought something to read from inside, such a great environment. I had a latte and bagel for lunch , and my dad had a salad with his latte ( weird mix ) I loved the design he made on the lattes it was so creative! Definitely going again soon.
