4	Firehouse is great. The subs are warm and toasty, and the cool firemen hats are fun for kids. My niece loves coming to this location, which is also conveniently located near the dollar movie theater. I've had many a cheap date night eating either at Firehouse or Cicis and then heading over to the dollar movie theater, sometimes with my Firehouse sub shoved down in my big purse to sneak in the theater. The sandwiches are reasonably priced, and they are always pretty quick with getting your order. I can't say I've had a bad experience there, ever.
4	Going to Firehouse Subs, you always know you will get a filling meal pretty quickly.  The sandwiches are decently priced and I always get chips and a drink to get a big gulp of their Cherry Limeade.  Most times I mix the cherry limeade with sprite to cut a bit of the sweetness out and give it more carbonation - it's actually a pretty fun game to play with yourself in mixing the "perfect limeade combo".Walk in, order at the counter and they will call out your name and bring you a nice hot sandwich.  Along the order counter there are a ton of various hot sauces to choose from.  I haven't tried any yet since I think the flavor of the sandwiches are great and don't need anything extra.
2	The sub itself is pretty awesome. We got a 12inch Italian. The only complaint is that the employees leave the back door open and as you walk in you can see them smoking. I'm not the type of person to get mad over people smoking... it's just when you're about to prepare my food  and I can see you rushing to finish your cigarette before you fix my sandwich. It's kind of gross..Tip for Firehouse: If your employees are going to smoke make sure the customers can't see them before they walk in.
3	I am on the fence about Firehouse.  The store is nice enough and all, but we are talking about subs here, right?  You look at the board, choose your sub, order toppings and... then you wait.There is no doubt that the problem has to do with comparisons to Subway, because the two stores look a lot alike.  You order from a board, you check out the toppings behind glass and everything.What I really do not get is why it takes Firehouse so long to get the subs to you.  Even if you want a toasted sub at Subway, it takes a few seconds, not several minutes where you have to sit down and then wait.  The sub itself is good enough, but it just puts a damper on eating it when you order it, they make it and then you have to go away and wait for your name to be called.
5	I love firehouse subs and this location is great! I am glad that moving from Huntersville to Matthews I still managed to have a great Firehouse subs right down the street. The service is wonderful and subs always taste fresh. Try the cookies. They taste so soft and chocolatey! The best is the meatball sub with hot peppers. Can't be beat! Best subs around. Can be crowded at lunch but order online or on app to speed process. This location is very clean inside.
