5	Sprouts is a store you walk into because you think you want to eat healthy.  When you get inside and see the prices and the quality that you are getting you realize YOU ARE EATING HEALTHY.  They have double Wednesday ad day, so you get two weeks worth of ads in one day.  They have a huge health and wellness section.  I love the fact I can get things in bulk- so you can just buy 1/2 cup of Almonds if that is all you need.They do have a few samples out.  (My boys are all about the samples.)  The bakery section does lack a little in my opinion.  I love the meat section though.  I also LOVE the produce section.  I do not buy produce at any other store.  Not only does it look great, but it tastes great as well!
5	Sprouts is probably the best place in the East valley to get most of your groceries.  Their produce is fresh and the prices are excellent.  Seriously, buying stuff at Sprouts is cheaper than buying at CostCo, and you don't need to buy 500 pounds of everything you want.  For example, today I got 5 pounds of yellow onions for $1 and 10 pounds of russet potatoes for $0.99.  Their spice section is excellent too as you can buy bulk spices - if you need a tablespoon of an obscure spice for a recipe, you can just buy a tablespoon for 25 cents instead of buying a $10 jar that will mostly just go to waste.Sprouts also has very fresh meat and seafood.  They have a decent selection of fish - I get ahi tuna steaks here and they're quite good.  Sprouts also has a huge section of various kinds of fresh sausages which are giant and fantastic.Since Sprouts is a Farmer's Market/Organic type place, there will be some things that you can't find here and will need to go to a "normal" grocery store for.  Not to worry - there's a Fry's just across the street on the Northeast corner of Ray and Dobson.If you shop here, you will save a *lot* of money compared to shopping at other grocery stores and you'll probably end up with fresher food, too.  So check Sprouts out sometime - you'll be glad you did.
5	I think I am in love with Sprouts! No, seriously. It's a little crunchy (lots of mountain biking, spandex-wearing, tree-hugging-like people), but these guys do have one of the best selections of fresh, organic fruits and vegs around (maybe with the exception of Whole Foods) at a reasonable price. That's not what I like most about this place, though. I LOVE their free guide to gluten- and wheat-free eating that's placed throughout the store. The booklet contains a no-nonsense list of foods and brands that do not contain gluten that are sold within the store. The staff members are very knowledgable and can explain which supplements are best for people who are sensitive to gluten. It's not until you try to eliminate this substance from your diet that you truly gain an understanding of how much crap actually contains it. It's EVERYWHERE! Anyway, this store chain is so much cheaper than the majority of mainstream grocers, e.g., Fry's, Albertsons. Their bulk product sections are really phenomenal and offer customers a great deal of variety to choose from at an even better price. Love it, love it, love it!!!!
5	Sprouts is a tiny, but well deserving little farmers market.  Journeyed in for a few items, but always have to try just one more item.  I know eating 'organic' and healthy is trendy, but this place is down to earth.  For being smaller, they do manage to cram a lot in there.  There's a good sized section of vitamins, teas, and the such.  You can find almost anything that would be in a normal grocer, but just with the 'natural or organic' labelings.  Prices of course tend to be higher, but it's worth it right?Bulk food section still amazes me, many large bins of dried fruit, nuts, flours, snack items, and more.  You can bag up as little or as much as you like.  Produce section is what keeps me coming back, healthy organic produce is not easy to find.  They do a great job keeping it in stock and fresh.Service here is top notch as well.  Always ready to help and offer simple free advice on their products.  While trying not to mention competition inside businesses, the words Whole Foods slipped out in a conversation.  Sales rep spoke up quickly against them, but it's true.  Sprouts is cheaper and fresher, just lack the overwhelming selection of previously mentioned competition.  But who needs that right?
4	I love the prices on produce I just wish it lasted a little longer once I got it home.  I also buy most of my vitamins here.  The sandwich counter is good and really inexpensive for what you get.  Don't forget to pick up a fresh fruit popsicle!
5	cheaper than whole food and same stuff
3	Everytime I go here, the produce is wilted and wouldn't last by time I got it home.Only good thing here is that they have a good variety of bulk stuff.Meh.
5	Sprouts always puts a huge smile on my face. I love it here. Yesterday was my most recent trip and I went for some very specific items. I make all of my daughters baby food so I went for fruits and veggies for her. I came home with 1 bag organic carrots, 1 bag organic peas, 5 organic apples, 3 sweet potatoes, 4 pears, 2 acorn squash, and 4 peaches. My total came to just over $16. At 55 cents and up for a jar of baby food... you do the math! This will feed her for well over a month! I do shop here on a regular basis for my fruits, veggies and grains. They have a huge selection of bins housing grain, nuts, fruits, trail mix and candies. Always a fabulous selection of health items like vitamins, I am a huge tea drinker and they always stock my favorites. The employees are friendly and always willing to answer questions. They usually have some meats that catch my eye for dinner that night... stuffed pork chops and the like. They carry this amazing hummus by Oasis Naturals, my favorite is the artichoke but the jalapeno is also divine. Make sure to pick one up! All in all I don't find the prices to be unreasonable in the least, they always have what I am looking for and they run some amazing weekly sales!
3	One of the places that I will go if I just don't feel like making dinner is this Sprouts. I like their sandwich bar a lot, and it's always fresh. Buying some macaroons to go with is nice too :)I am however marking them as a 3 stars for service. On a few different visits, I have had the staff seem very uninterested in making my meal, and  gave the attitude like it was not really part of their job.
5	There should be more of these stores! They have good prices on the fresh products and I like their selection on grains, beans and the best they have lots of Quinua products!!
4	Sprouts is a crazy, crazy land of fresh, delicious meat and produce.And if you're buying fresh foods, it tends to be ridiculously inexpensive--even compared to the huge conglomerate supermarkets. Super cheap, super tasty apples? Sign me up. The meat is also usually a steal, too. On more than one occasion I've found their whole chickens to be cheaper than Fry's, even in spite of Fry's offering a two-for-one deal. And the Sprouts chickens were frou-frou free range/manicured/massaged birds. Craaaazy.That being said, I'll totally agree with the comments about the service. Sprouts has a bad knack for putting people who don't give a shit on the butcher case. This doesn't work particularly well since climbing over the counter is frowned upon. Worse, even if you can get a disinterested slacker, chances are good they have no idea what they're doing. Be prepared for lots of pointing, "Your other left"ing, and "No, salmon is the pink one"ing. Not the place to go if you want your meat prepared specially or don't already know what you want.The rest of the store is awesome, though.
3	Only if I'm buying vegetables will I go to Sprouts... Or the fresh bread. Not a bad place. Never been treated wrong. Prices are just below moderate.
4	If i'm looking for a great selection of produce, I like the fact that i have choices. I think that's the benefit of living in the suburbs. Choice wise I can go to either Lee Lee or Sprouts. My favorite Sprouts location was the first one in Chandler and I think in the Phoenix area. Anywho, what I love about Sprouts is that the prices are cheap and their specials especially double Wednesdays. DoubleTuesdays/ Wednesdays (not sure)!?! It works like this the specials from the week before run from wed. to wed. and the new specials take over the same wed. ending... so let's say the special running was 4 apples/$1 and the following new week it was 5 apples/$1 so on that wed. from the week it was 25 cents an apple and the new week it's 20 cents so with the savings combined you get a very good deal. How's that for customer appreciation... LOVE IT! As for produce, Sprouts usually makes sure to go for local which is awesome because they support the state farmers. low prices fresh produce make my Sprouts shopping quite worthwhile, and love that they stay open from 8a to 10p weeknights and Sat. yay!
4	LOCATION: In a shopping center where Pita Jungle is on Dobson and Ray.ATMOSPHERE: I was looking for farmer's markets in the area and found Sprouts. This place doesn't say farmer's market when I walk in but a mini-Whole Foods with large barrels of nuts, seeds, flour, etc sold by the pound. A section of organic snacks, vitamins, and shampoos. Small wine section. Free samples of coffee - yay!FOOD: Where in the world is all the reasonably priced lamb in this town? I found some at Fresh and Easy but it's ridiculous expensive as is Trader Joe's. I might as well go to a restaurant and have lamb at those prices BUT I want to cook at home so where do I go? Sprouts! The meat section overall is very small but they have a good selection of lamb that is also reasonably prices. Ground lamb, lamb shanks, cubed lamb for stews, lamb steaks, lamb chops. Decent prices on produce if it's on sale. However, sometimes I've seen them sell less than average freshness produce..... Bought some orange honeydew here! It was awesome.Bread is yummy here! (The one sold in the red package). Their store French baguettes are okay. Nothing special. PERKS: Discount for each non-disposable shopping bag used!PARKING: Plenty available in the lot. CONCLUSION: Good for supplemental grocery store to purchase items on sale and lamb but not my main grocery store or excellent if you are on a super special diet. I stick to either Lee Lee's or Walmart (since they price match) for most of my groceries. I will be back though!
5	Top notch!  From the food quality, to the prices, to the level of service...this is possibly my favorite business in Gilbert.  We moved here from LA almost 1 year ago, used to shop Whole Foods and now shop here, exclusively.  For the health-consious, quality consious people, this is your place.
5	Sprouts is my favorite market to shop at! They are a great company who have a very friendly staff in their stores as well as their corporate office. They are also very involved with the community and with local farmers and businesses!The prices for all the fresh and natural groceries they carry are the most reasonable out of all the grocery stores I have been too! The Vitamin Department has everything you could ever look for to help your well being and they are always extravaganzas in the stores so you are always getting the most out of your money, and in times like these I know people are very appreciative of that since groceries are becoming more and more expensive everyday, or so it seems!I most definitely recommend anyone to shop at Sprouts!
5	SUCH great prices on produce! You'll never want to buy your fruits and veggies anywhere else after going here. I am an avid "juicer" and find that the pricing and quality of their produce is fabulous! It's often a bit crowded, but everyone is so nice there that it doesn't even bother me. Plus, I like to be among the others who like to go the healthy route anyways!:) Sandwiches are bomb too, you can fill out a little form and customize your sandwich, shop and swing by the counter and it's waiting there ready for $3.50. Nom!:) Staff is super-friendly too!
5	Great fruit and vegetables. Bulk items like nuts and cranberries are a good value. Check out the meat and deli. Cage free chicken and grass fed beef. Salmon and Tuna are fresh. They do have some good values here. The cashiers are good and give the nickel bag discount.
4	If you want to shop at whole foods on a trader Joe's budget this is your place.Organic, local, bulk, GMO free they have most of your buzz words covered. They also have a very large selection of dietary supplements, with decent prices. This includes some items that are hard to find elsewhere.I enjoy the bulk food for snacks, but I do question how sanitary it is.Next time you are in the area check it out, its a great store.
4	Usually, I go to Sprouts to buy chicken.  Their chicken is just better than any other supermarket out there.  It even tastes like how chicken used to taste like in the 80's.  My absolute favorite thing to get there is their Apple Sausage.  Actually all of their sausages are excellent.  They don't contain any "fillers".  It's nice and cozy at Sprouts.  It's the perfect size market for my taste.
5	Sprouts is a true gem!  Whole Foods on a budget!  Their vegetables, fruits and meats are top notch.  They grind their own hamburg, make their own sausages, which are outstanding.  They also have bulk items, a wide selection of organic, natural and homeopathic products.  I can't say enough good things about this store.  We are snowbirds here and I will definitely miss Sprouts!  Hope you're planning on expanding East -- all the way to Massachusetts!
4	Love this store and it's location! Growing up with my parents owning a grocery store you learn a lot about food selection and quality. I'm also a microbiologist. Over the last year I've noticed the large chain grocery stores meat isn't the freshest. Even though the expiration date is days away, I can already spot one of three pieces of chicken or pork already spoiling. Once that spoiled meat drips it's juices in the tray the whole package is bad. I've also noticed national name brand meat companies are making there packaging labels larger so you can't see most of the meat. Not at sprouts. It has been very, very rare that I've had any meat spoil before the expiration. In fact, I rarely buy meat anywhere else.  They're produce selection is great, quality is good, and the prices are amazing. If you shop there on Wednesday you get last week and current weeks sales ad prices. No other grocery store does that. I also like that they have a large variety of supplements, health products, green products, bulk food items, and organic products. The staff is always helpful and friendly. The staff in the supplements department are a wealth of information. I wish they had a fresh bakery department, but maybe that kind of goes against their focus on healthy foods.
4	Contrary to what many think, Sprouts produce prices are usually much better than typical grocery stores, including walmart - parsley at Walmart $1, at Sprouts, $0.40. Their Tzatzikii is delish too! But their produce gets me every time!
1	Looking to expand my list of healthy food stores as I continue on my healthy food plan, I went out of my way to this market on Ray and Dobson.  I had mostly good experiences at the Sprouts in Phoenix that I used to go to so although I knew the prices overall were higher than Sunflower, I thought a little variety is good.I would not recommend this Sprouts to my friends and family.  They short bagged my order and left out vitamins and then did not want to replace the items or give me my money back. They interrogated me, and made me feel like a criminal. I didn't even want to tell him about the busted chalula and my foot being hurt by their bags.  They finally did replace the missing items, but only after making me cry and keeping me from using my phone and taking my drivers license.  I felt threatened and unsafe. I would say if you go there, double check and make sure all your bags get in your cart, ask for double bagging and if they short your order go back with a big guy as a body guard or something.  They are scary there and they do not take complaints well.Probably better to avoid them all together.  As for me, I will never return.  I made a complaint to their corporate office, but not let myself in for such treatment again.
5	They really go out of their way to keep customers happy!
5	This place rocks for fresh excellent produce and fish and their service has always been good - best day to go is Wednesday as that is when their sales start and stop, so you get the advantage of previous week's sales just ending and the new week's sales just starting on the same day.
5	Freshest fruits and vegetables in town. Great deli and bulk dry foods. Love the butcher counter. Fresh breads for all tastes.
3	I've been coming here for awhile now and the produce and other products have been very good, but there's been a noticeable decline in the customer service. The past three times I've been here the checkout people have been more interested in what they did last night as opposed to looking the customer in the eye. As I stand here writing this review, I've had three workers act as if I was in the way and were busy dropping product and complaining about customers to even bother to ask if I need help finding anything. But, just as I was about to one star, I noticed Alfred (I think that's what his name was). A delightfully tattooed young man being over the top helpful to some ladies in the next isle. So, other than the annoying kids that work here, this place is pretty good.
3	Sprouts is my new go to spot to pick up vitamins and supplements that I can't find at Costco.  Their selection is quite large and encompasses several aisles.  The prices are pretty good too.  This particular store is not in my neighborhood.  I was at a friend's house for a BBQ and forgot a few of my supplements at home, so I drove around the corner to this joint to pick some up so I could stay on my daily routine....it saved the day!Parking is kind of tight in this shopping center....very busy.Return Factor - 70%
3	The selection here is dismal compared to the Whole Foods down the street.  The prices at this Sprouts seem to be higher on the packaged goods than the Whole Foods too.  Customer service is mediocre.  I understand this is a small store, but I've never gone there and found what I was looking for.
4	Sprouts, where have you been all my life?Started buying all of my produce here after a serious decline in quality at my neighborhood Frys. Have yet to see any rotting produce. Everything is organized and easy to find, which is kind of hard to mess up in the first place seeing as it's a smaller grocery store. You go into these types of stores expecting to pay an arm and a leg. Well, not at Sprouts. Organics for the same price as regular Frys produce? Done!  And as much as I love Whole Foods, Sprouts is by far more affordable for essentially the same items. The vitamin and supplement selection is insane, and associates are knowledgeable, and more than happy to assist you in finding what you need. MSM, Niacinamide and Traumeel all the way for Rosacea management . . . Screw your antibiotics, dermatologists. Love the abundance of bulk. Spices, snacks, you name it. So far, have only stopped in for quinoa and flaxseed. Can we also talk about the ambiance in here? Haha, how often do you hear THAT word in a grocery store review?! Not a whole lot of Southeast Valley douchebaggery to be seen...yet. Everyone always seems to be in a pleasant mood. It's like a little slice of Northern Colorado in Chandler. Also, thanks for not judging me for doing my shopping in sweaty spandex after hammer practices and workouts, Sprouts. Blend right in with all the cyclists, etc. I think we're going to get along just fine and dandy. Recommended!
4	I like Sprouts market.  They are all very similar in terms of what they carry, and I've reviewed other locations about that.  Good meats, good produce, and better processed foods than most groceries.This day we were using their deli.  They offer sandwiches, freshly made to order.  They also have a little soup bar (generally three choices on any given day).  So we got a soup to share and a pair of fresh sandwiches.  The bread was fresh, the sandwich was good, and the price was hard to beat.  I don't know if all Sprouts do this, but I know this one and the one by our house does.A good lunch option.
5	It's been about a year since I first switched to Sprouts for my groceries and it's about time I updated this dusty thing :pOriginally I was only going to Sprouts for the fresh produce. The fruits and vegetables I've bought at Sprouts have always been fresh and affordable. The produce is well organized and well stocked. Only section that I wish was stocked a little better are the peppers. There's been more than once that there have only been one or two Jalapenos if any. Admittedly, the peppers we buy are probably not in high demand (not many people buy a slew of Jalapenos and Habaneros every other week) so I can't hold it against them.Now however, I'm finding I d almost all of my shopping here. Since our discovery of the bulk spices, we've been refilling our spice bottles for half the price of what it costs elsewhere. This comes in particularly handy when I need some obscure spice that I need when trying out a new recipe. It's a lot easier to buy just what I need instead of a $5.00+ bottle of a Spice I will rarely use. And if you like to really spice up your homemade chilli, the New Mexico Chili Powder will knock your socks into next Tuesday.Speaking of bulk sections, you have any idea how much we've been saving with the bulk baking goods? Holy crap! Again, great for the obscure item that you only need a little of but since the girl and I have started using other grains, we've been hitting this section up more often. I pound quinoa is cheaper from the bulk than it is from the box. And can easily fill up my flour, sugar, and other baking items for less and as needed.Lastly, the meat section. Honestly I never really thought there was much of a difference between normal meat and grass fed. Boy did I learn how wrong I was. Chicken is almost always on sale here and tastes amazing. Not to mention I can easily make a meal for two out of one chicken breast given how big they are. And the bulk cut bacon is to DIE for. Bought it on a lark a few weeks back and will probably never buy bacon elsewhere (DAMN YOU SPROUTS!! XD). As I mentioned in the old review, the premade/premarinated meals are also great. The Pollo Asada and Spinach/feta stuffed chicken breasts are some of our favorites.Food aside, let's talk the customer service. The meat counter staff are always super helpful. Not only are they friendly when working with you, they go above and beyond to help you. I found out the hard way that I am atrocious at removing skin from a fish fillet the first time I bought one. the second time we wanted fish, I asked if they could remove the skin after weighing it and they didn't even bat an eye. Went home with a freshly skinned fillet that I was able to cut into nice fish steaks instead of butchering them. The girl even got help the last time she came in needing a custom cut on a pork roast. Had we asked the same thing at other grocery stores, the staff would be reluctant to help if not just flat out rude about it. Sprouts on the other hand have always been helpful and happy to do so.As for the cashiers and baggers, the majority of them are good natured and chatty making the checkout experience that much better. Particularly if you go during the downtime hours. I've had more than one instance where I left laughing with a smile on my face after working with them. Not something I can say about many places. You can genuinely tell that the people at Sprouts take pride in their jobs and are happy to be there. Because of these great experiences, they deserve the updated five star rating I'm giving them.Sprouts has been my first stop for groceries for the last year and I have no reason to change that anytime soon! Sprouts, keep up the great work!
1	The store is dirty, but much worse, the folks at the registers seem to be trained to be rude, and have the social skills of a grocery bag.  I live less than a mile away and was excited to find a Sprouts in my new neighborhood.  After the first few times there, I stopped going and drive well past this store to others.  Recently, I needed some organic tomatoes quickly and so, I thought I would give this Sprouts another try. The girl behind the register never spoke to me and seemed as if it was a real inconvenience to ring up four tomatoes. She practically threw my change and receipt at me.  Never again.  Five or six times of poor service is enough.
3	This Sprouts has all the great organic goodies, cheese, and meat selection. I love their $2.99 to-go- sandwiches, which are made fresh with somewhat generous on the meat portions. You can pick between roast beef, tuna, chicken salad, BLT, or turkey sandwich. I love their meat quality and their meats can be a steal when on sale. I tend to think of Sprouts as the awkward store between Trader Joes and Wholes Foods in the grocery hierarchy. Don't miss out on the 2.99 Lbs sausages. Sprouts also has great weekly deals on beers at time. I think I got a 6 pack of Full Sail Beer for 4.99! The cashiers here are kind of downers, as mentioned in some of the other reviews for this Sprouts. Most of the time when I get to the checkout point, the cashiers seem like they all hate their jobs or are too cool to smile and say hello to you. I feel like I'm checking out my groceries at a hospital. I definitely prefer Wal-mart cashiers or Trader Joe's cashiers. I feel like they need some more enthusiasm and should all enroll in a spirit fingers class to get a little more yippy! Maybe I should bring balloons to cheer everyone up.  I expect high-fives all around when a "Welcome John!!" banner when I walk in next time.
5	I love shopping here.  Terrific prices, friendly and helpful employees, wide selection, clean and tidy.Some of my favorite things at Sprouts - BULK items!  Need I say more?!?   They even have bulk spices and coffee!I've never had a disappointing visit to this store. Today I asked if they carried TVP - I used to be able to find this on the top of the bulk aisles in clam shells.  I asked an employee who contacted the bulk manager.  Bulk manager, Sergio went into the back and packaged up some TVP that was in the back.  So great.I also received excellent and friendly customer service by Brianne up in front.  We looks to enjoy her job and is great interacting with the customer.  She even helped the elderly gentleman who was ahead of me in line when he had trouble with his credit card payment.  Thanks Sprouts!  I'm a loyal fan!
5	When I travel to Chandler for work,  this is where I do my shipping so I don't have to eat out.  2/$6 deli wraps, prewashed kale $2, kombuchas, an amazing olive bar.  Very clean,  super helpful staff and only 2 miles from my hotel.
1	Hard to believe an average four star rating. I visited a Sprouts store on Ray Rd in Chandler today. This was the first time  I have been into one of their stores, and after today's experience will be the only time. I cannot comment on their merchandise qualityas I have not had time to try the fish, fruit or wine I bought there today. The reason I am writing this review is because of the terrible attitude of most of the staff/ managers there. I just cannot understand why anyone would ever go back. I initially asked a meat dept employee as he was wrapping my fish purchase if he knew whether they offered any discount if 12 bottles of wine were purchased. He did not know and suggested I ask another employee. That answer seemed reasonable as he could have been a contracted out department and was unfamiliar with general store policies. However I asked the same question of an employee in the actual wine department who also told me that they did not know. I then found another employee and asked the same question. Again, they did not know BUT offered to find a manager who might know. They directed me to this other guy whowas stacking produce and I asked him the same question to which he immediately responded, "you have to buy 6 to get 10% off" I replied that sounds great as I thought ifthere was a discount I would have to buy 12. He seemed to take that as an insult and just turned his back and went on with what he was doing.After buying the wine my next ordeal was finding jams. I walked around the store twice and could not find any. I found another employee and asked them where they kept the jams. Of course, they did not know and as was expected offered no help in finding the answer. I walked around the store again and still could not find anything even related to jams, jellies, hone, marmalade, etc. As I was about to give up on this quest and embark on the next item, I came across another employee  and asked the same question. and yes, you can guess the answer. At that point I had decided enough was enough and decided to check out what I had in my cart as it  had taken a lot of time to  get that, and to go onto another store for the rest. I have never been in any store where the people were so unfriendly and unhelpful. I normally shop at Bashas, Trader Joe, and AJ's and I have never been treated likethat in any of those stores, in fact the staff are very friendly even though they all seemed busier than Sprouts at the time. What is it that Sprout's are doing with theirstaff that they treat their customers this way? I'll bet it is because they treat their staff with the same contempt and disdain and it just spreads down the line!
4	My sister got me hooked on Sprouts and I am now slowly giving up my one-stop-shop mentality. Even though stores like Fry's Marketplace have everything from electronics to wrapping paper in addition to groceries, there is something to be said for buying your food in a place that sells solely edible items.Sprouts produce is fresh and cheap. They have a variety of organic items but also sell non-organic. But most of it is local whenever possible. I also love that they have a pretty decent selection of nutritional supplements, herbal remedies, and essential oils (all also at reasonable prices). If you are trying to get healthy or live a more holistic lifestyle the this is place for you. My only gripe with them (and the reason I have been tending to lean towards the nearby Whole Foods lately) is that they don't provide a whole not of information on their meat suppliers. Even the packaged meat has their own label on it and usually no indication if it was humanely raised / grass fed / pastured. I know a lot of people don't care about that stuff but we are big meat eaters in our house and I want to make sure that the animal I am eating was raised well. What's the point of buying organic produce if your meat was not raised organic? You are basically eating whatever they ate in their lifetime.Anyway, I will also say that I almost bumped them down to 3 stars because the one in Ahwatukee is a much bigger and nicer store and also their produce seems to last longer. But the last few trips to this location at Dobson and Ray I have been pretty pleased. Also, this one is much less crowded.
3	This one doesn't seem as nice as the one on Ray and 48th St. I like that location much better. But I just come here for the awesome Gummy Bears. Those damn hippies sure do make some awesome Gummy Bears. The best I have ever had. Everyone I have given some to agrees.If you haven't tried them yet get over to a Sprouts and get a plastic bag and get two big scoops of bears. You will not be disappointed at all. In fact since I am talking about them I will have to run over a grab some. They are that good.
4	Since I last reviewed this Sprouts location in 2009 (!), it's time for an update. Overall rating: Still 4 stars.I still have a love affair with Sprouts. The produce is still terrifyingly cheap, the natural foods are still reasonably-priced and frequently on sale, and Double Ad Wednesdays are still the best thing ever. That being said, the deepest discount produce is a little dicier than it used to be; berries in particular suffer from the giant sale displays not being refrigerated. The stuff you envision crazy coupon ladies screaming about? Be prepared to dig for the best stuff. The less desirable produce--you know, the stuff you should probably actually be eating--is still in good shape even on sale.The meat counter, on the other hand, is vastly improved. A few of the old slackers are still hanging around but the awesome new guys more than make up for it. I've actually had them offer to go dig around in the back for me, which was unthinkable a few years ago.As part of last year's remodel, they've added a hot soup bar, fresh muffins (delicious), a giant artisinal cheese case, and (foodie trendwhores rejoice!) a gourmet olive bar. Better yet, not only has the bulk coffee taken over A WHOLE AISLE, but the dispensers are now at adult human height. Mmm. Bulk coffee.If you've been to other Sprouts stores, do check your expectations before walking in the door here; this is store #1 and isn't as large as the later locations (never mind the former Henry's or Sunflower locations). You won't manage one-stop-shopping here, but Fry's is directly across the street for all your not-made-by-hippies needs.
4	Nice place. Fresh food every day. I love this place. I wish it was closer to our house.  If it was, I would go more often.
4	I kinda miss Sunflower Market but Sprouts is very similar to me, a non regular health food grocery store shopper.  Yeah, that's what ya call 'em.  But really, I like the fresh, ripe produce, the spices and herbs you can purchase by the oz., the extensive selection of vitamins, supplements, and homeopathic items.  This is one of my go to places for  Boiron.  They have raw milk here too.  And let me just tell you this, their prices beat Whole Foods by at least a buck ($1.00).  How's that for a bargain?
4	Hello to all my fellow fresh produce and fruit lovers,Times have changed and u can no longer walk into any market and feel you are getting what you paid for!If I could afford A.J's it would be no problem but like most I have to really shop around.I tried Whole Foods for a month and nothing was consistent and I wasent about to pay those prices if the items were not impeccable! I went to this SPROUTS location and decided to chat it up with a few employees hoping they would pick me some good fruit and it worked! Ronnie ( hope I spelled that right) came to my aid and told me best fruit and produce to buy... Ronnie made excellent suggestions on what to put in my fruit salad to what other items to serve and suggestions on how to make them.Seems Ronnie was a chef and has a love for food, which is easy to see when he talks about it.All of the employees seem to really enjoy what they do which makes for helpful smiling place to shop.I recently went to the location on Val Vista and although the employees were friendly and helpful,  the assorted apples and oranges I purchased were terrible! I had purchased these same items at Ray location just the week before and it was all terrific!I called Ray location and spoke with Tony who was gracious and professional and told me to ask for Laura next time I came in and she would take care of me... And she did just that!I brought the items back and Laura was friendly and professional and I left there a very happy camper!I love that Tony stood behind his products therefore representing this Sprouts store in the best way possible!I will continue to shop there each weekend and I look forward to seeing Ronnie and meeting Tony and all the other wonderful employees that make up the BEST SPROUTS I have yet to  been to!So, go try this store and say hi to Tony and Ronnie and if you ever want to know if the fruit is good... Ask Ronnie.. He will cut you a piece to try so you know what you're getting!Only the best for us.... Because we deserve it!Enjoy your fall season and Bon Appetite'
5	Sprouts is just a few minutes from my home and it has quickly become my one and only store for produce and deli/specialty items.  Prices for produce are always excellent....meats are bit higher, but the quality is always excellent.  Dairy is often overpriced (Fruyo at $1.79 for the tiniest cup is ridiculous), but buying the brand that's on sale makes it more reasonable.The bulk items are great and well priced, as are the bakery items.  My wishes are for more already-prepared items....the selection is a bit slim here.  Would also LOVE a salad bar.The olive bar is fantastic!
