3	Have you heard that old saying about lipstick on a pig? Well, that is Crescent Ridge Apartments. Sure, they are brand new, but every thing is also half assed (at least in my apartment). Like the shower curtain rod that's just sitting on top of the tub liner, so every time I open the curtain when I step in or out of the shower, it comes crashing down. Or the not properly installed toilet paper roll holder-- or toilet seat for that matter. And then there is the 747 engine that is the air conditioning. If you enjoy turning the TV up, turning the TV down, turning the TV up, turning the TV down every time it clicks on (and then off), then more power to you. It aggravates me to no end. And then there are the paper thin ceilings. I'm sure my neighbor upstairs is a pleasant fellow, but five out of seven days a week I listen to his TV/Stereo system from the moment he gets home, to the moment he goes to sleep. If you have ever seen National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation you will know the scene where Julie Louis Dreyfus goes to slug Chevy Chase's character, but she ends up getting attacked by Snot because the squirrel flew onto her chest once Chevy opened the door to let the squirrel out. So, she hobbles back home, rings her door bell and upon Todd opening the door she slugs him in the face; that's going to be me one day. I swear to whichever deity you prefer. Oh, I cannot believe I almost forgot about the paper thin walls too. If you plan on renting here, DO NOT GET A FIRST FLOOR IF YOU DON'T HAVE TO. I kid you not, as soon as the crickets come out at night, every 5 - 10 minutes I have to open and slam the door so they shut the f*ck up, because I cannot handle the incessant chirping. And then there's the gym. The gym is.... smallish. I know it's not supposed to be Bally's or Gold's; the facility has free weights, a Bow Flex machine, a couple Elliptical machines, couple treadmills, and stationary bike, and a couple exercise balls and the gym is 24 hour access with the key management gives you upon renting. The problem is NONE OF THE MACHINES WORK. I went in there the other day for the first time and found that only one Elliptical machine worked out of all of them. Oh, both of the TVs worked. Whoopity-doo! So, the next day I bought a membership at a real gym, that requires me drive 10-12 minutes to. I know *the horror*. But I digress. That's another problem I, personally, have; if you want to be away from the strip, this is the place for you. Sure, the area is nice and it's nice to be 10 minutes from Lake Mead, but it is the EDGE. OF. CIVILIZATION. You have to get on the expressway and drive two miles just to a grocery store, for Chrissakes!*Turns TV volume down*Anyway, beyond all that they are nice apartments. The management is friendly and accommodating, which seems to be rarity in this day and age when it comes to rental-property management and the pool/jacuzzi is lovely. I've heard there are two pools, but I am yet to find the other one and I was told it's broken anyway. As far as maintenance goes, they seem to be on point, though I have never needed them in terms of fixing something in my apartment, but the pool's filtration/pump/waterfall system wasn't on one day, I notified management and  within 5 minutes two men were there to turn the system on. And they do have a business center for residents to use which includes computers with internet and copy machine (it may have a fax machine, I've never actually stepped inside.) and that's a bonus, especially for job seekers and students. Oh, and one car garages for rent ($70 bucks extra) So, you know there's that. In summation, if you're looking for a place away from the buzz of Vegas, this is a great place. They are very nice apartments; high ceilings, nice stainless steel appliances, front loading W/D, nice cabinetry, and deep soaker tubs. Just make sure you go for the second floor. But for myself? I'll be moving to Spring Valley when my lease is up next May.*turns TV volume up*
2	When you roll off I-515 at the Wagonwheel Exit and head West towards Nevada State College the first thing you see is the former Alexan Black Mountain property. Alexan is a good company but they bailed on Nevada and the new group isn't the best property management team. You want to avoid those apartments so with that in mind if you look past the Black Mountain apartments you'll see Crescent Ridge. From the outside Crescent Ridge looks nice. The advertising signs say it's new, the management says it's new. But it's actually a few years old and all is not as it appears to be. I've lived in this apartment complex for almost a year now and I want to share our experience with you. First off the view from our apartment is one of the better ones as we get to see the River Mountains. Some units are not so lucky in this regard. We are in one of the first units built and that has caused us some issues. Hot water has always been an issue, it took almost 2 weeks to get our hot water turned on and working and even now it takes sometimes 4 minutes to reach a hot temperature for taking a shower. We have a bedroom window that won't open, maintenance has come over to look at it yet it still has issues. We've had ant problems that wiped out our pantry, they've sprayed and sprayed until finally that got taken care of. Our stove suffered a control board failure, it took 3 weeks to get a new unit that wasn't the right one, then another week for the right one to come in. That didn't fix the issue so we finally got a replacement stove...took 2 weeks to get control knobs for it. We have a hallway light that has no switch at all to control it. Yep, no switch of any kind. It's just dead. And the dryer has an annoying buzzer on it at the end of the load cycle that will wake up sleeping kids in the front bedroom more often than not. Moving outside, management claims the place is a gated community. Yet the gate has been a problem since day one. On weekends it's been left wide open. Or if they close it sometimes your card key won't work and people have rammed the gates to get in and out. The problem got so bad they put metal teeth on the gate to stop that...but the gates still have issues. I saw a repo tow truck just drive right in at night, hook up to a car, and dragged it out tires chirping and all and they rolled right on out of the complex with the gates wide open. It gets worse, my car was broken into. I sustained damage to my wiring and ignition cylinder and some interior damage. When I brought this up to management the attitude was one of apathy. I called Henderson PD, they sent an officer out who took a report so no, I'm not making this up and can prove it. We've also had a problem with one of the grounds keeping guys digging into our trash. When I said something to the office about it I got blown off about that too. Also despite bags being provided people will walk their dogs and let them defecate in the grass and the rocks alongside the sidewalks. Also despite Clark County having fire ordinances banning BBQ grills next to the apartments on repeated occasions I've seen BBQ grills in use up close to the units. One guy doesn't even bother to put his inside, he leaves it outside the door and it's been that way for months except when he moves it to use it. Parking is also an issue. Some people are lazy slobs and like to park on the South side of the complex because they are too lazy to drive around to the North side. They claim they want to be able to see their cars from their apartment. The problem is they take up all the extra spaces so if you have visitors come over they have no place to park. If you leave on a Friday or Saturday night there's a better than 50/50 chance someone will park in your assigned space. If you say something to the office you get a shoulder shrug and the "we can't do anything about that" statement. Our lease is up at the end of April and we won't be renewing. Please steer clear of this apartment complex. After looking at the lease renewal letter they sent and the so called market and discount rates they listed you can get a rental house on the East side of I-515 with more space and more amenities for a little bit less money. 2 Stars: 1 for the maintenance team who tries their best despite dealing with a front office that's got issues (Excluding "V" in the front office...she's nice), 1 star for the ease of access to I-515 and the view if you're lucky to get a unit that's not overlooking the industrial plants or the train track.
3	I wanted to post an update for the original review. I've sent Crescent Ridge notice of my intent to vacate, and more importantly the reasons why which are listed in the original review. I received a hand delivered reply from the property manager in under 24 hours after they received my letter. In it they say they are sorry to see us leave. They next state that they are aware of and are working on improving the parking situation I identified. As for maintenance issues the missing light switch is a construction defect, the stove / oven control board problem is being blamed on a slow vendor (true enough), and they were sympathetic to the time it took to get it fixed. They also covered the ant infestation and that they went the extra mile to spray the entire building and not just one unit to get the problem under control. They also state they are in "close contact" with the Henderson Police Dept and are aware that my car was broken into. She understands why I am upset about it. All in all, the fact that they responded is a good thing...I'm still moving, but I feel Yelp readers deserve to see both sides of the story. It's one thing to write a negative review. But if someone tries to make it right...I believe in acknowledging that. If I get my deposit back without fuss I will post an update saying so and maybe...just maybe add a star back. But we'll take the wait and see approach to that for now. 3 stars is all they get.
3	Update Review #2 - 2 months after move out. It took 3 weeks but after we moved we got our deposit back, all but $3 of it. So that's good. What's not good is on the last day of moving out we found roaches in our apartment. We went a whole year without seeing any. It's like if someone sprays in another unit, whatever the pest of the month is migrates elsewhere. Then when you spray they move elsewhere. While at Crescent Ridge we had an ant invasion and then the roaches showed up. It's the first property I've lived in where I had a roach problem. As I look back at the time spent there, I liked the ease of access to the property, you can be on I-515 in 5 min. They look good from the outside. They have washers / dryers in the unit. And if you have the right apartment some of the views are really nice. But then you have to look at the bad. Ant invasions. Roaches. A month without a working oven. A dishwasher that wouldn't clean no matter if you used powder, gel, run cleaning solution in it, it sucked. On weekends your assigned space would get taken by others and good luck if you needed a second space. My car got broken into, and after signing up for the Henderson PD's alert services I quickly learned that management's claim of low crime in the complex is a flat out lie, and the stats back that up. The grassy areas were nothing but overglorified litter boxes sprinkled generously with copious amounts of dog poo. At least the sprinklers diluted the prolific concentrations of dog urine that got deposited all over the grass. As for the pool, the one time I stepped into it the water irritated my skin. The outside showers to wash off at the back of the clubhouse had issues, broken shower heads, etc and maintenance was slow to fix them. And as for management, while the staff inside did their best, a lot of the things that caused problems wasn't their fault, it was the management company that hindered them every time they turned around. Online payments were a pain in the rear for awhile. When they did their original background check the cheap service they used got me mixed up with someone that had a criminal record which I don't have, and they socked me with an excessive $500 deposit. Again, all of which was unnecessary as they were always paid on time, never late, and quite often early. If you move here, I suggest the following. Shoot video of everything. Every room, every detail. I shot 20 min of video going in, 20 min on move out, and told management I had it. Wanna dispute something? How about seeing it in glorious 4K high end video? Ok, you may not have access to a RED camera but your iPhone will work. Document everything, and you're good. Be prepared as the A/C is noisy, hot water takes a while to heat up even when cranked to 190 degrees. And if you need maintenance they do respond, but if you need parts..you're quite often screwed until they can order it in. And some of the outside vendors they have to turn to are slow and that makes the maintenance teams look bad. So in the end blame for issues can be spread around. After writing war and peace here, I did like the place. If they could fix the issues it could be one of the best places to live in Henderson, or Hendertucky as I call it. For even more detail read my earlier reviews....yes, there's more if this part hasn't bored you to sleep yet. Oh and 3 stars is still all I can give them...I just can't bump them any higher.
4	I've been a resident here for just over 2 years. I was probably one of the first bunch to move in. I would say, overall, I'm happy to live here for as long as they'll have me.The apartments are lovely, everything feels new and fairly spacious. Most include a full size washer and dryer, a walk in closet, kitchen pantry, stainless steel appliances, high ceilings/ ton of wall space, and a surprisingly spacious balcony with a storage closet. You can get more or less, depending on your budget.I've done apartment living before and I knew a 2nd floor unit would be the wisest choice. Its tough in the summer time to go up and down the stairs with groceries, but hey,... totally worth it! (BEYONCE LEGS, as I say)  The bug situation.... now, there are a TON of crickets. The manager actually tried to guilt me one day by saying "Well, this WAS their home before we came along..." I don't care. A cricket is a type of roach and I want it dead and/or far from my apartment. By the pool in the summer, real roaches do come out at night too. The pool is open to residents 24 hours, but I just avoid it completely after dark. Its the creepiest thing because before I moved to this state, I never even saw a roach in my life!!! It comes with living in the desert, I guess. But bugs aren't a big issue in the apartment itself since I live upstairs. I've learned having the exterminator come to spray around, even if you don't find anything, is a good idea, especially on the balcony. The location is perfect. It's very quiet. Anything you could possibly need is nearby. Complaining about driving 2 miles to a grocery store is a little ridiculous. The 2 pools are nice. The larger one attached to the clubhouse has a nicer set up, even though most of the glass tables in the BBQ area (that's behind it) are broken. No idea why they haven't been replaced, its been that way for at least 2 summers. I don't use that area, but I would imagine it can't be too safe considering all the kids that live in the community. The office staff is nice, maintenance too. The residents are a little nutty, but I think that's a Nevada thing. Thinking realistically.... for all that you get, it's really a steal.
1	I'm in the process of having a house built and needed a place to stay for 4 months. I looked into a short term lease with Crescent Ridge as we had been there before and had an idea of what to expect. We filled out the application, paid the $100 hold fee, and then...waited. And waited some more. Oh someone's on vacation, someone hasn't cleared the unit to be rented, we're totally booked, insert excuse of the day here. We ended up getting a town house not far away and we won't be getting even a partial refund even though they were the ones doing the foot dragging and couldn't get it done. Oh and they ran a background check and just like last time it came back that someone with my name had a felony stealing charge. Turns out it was for someone with my middle and last names that generated the hit. Excluding my legendary lead foot I have no other items on my record so having the staff obtain a messed up report and look at you suspiciously because their background service is clueless is not something anyone should have to put up with. Rating: Drop to 1 Star, with placement on the appropriate lists and yes, even a braying jackass could have handled this one better. One positive, their front office staff kicks ass. The problems here start at the site manager and go up from there. Oh and they finally joined the modern age and started accepting credit cards! Amazing!
5	My husband & I Moved in September, 01, 2012 & we love it here beautiful area, Gated community, nice size one bedrooms 750 ft big kitchen with all stainless steel appliances with a window, great view of the mountains, very quit I LOVE IT HERE WILL BE UP GRADING TO A 2 BEDROOM SOON =)  THERE LIKE MINI CONDOS it's also near Lake Mead, and Boulder City.
1	We've lived here over a year and up until the last couple months it was great but unfortunately  they recently were bought and new management took over. Every since we have not been happy residents! The rent and pet fees were raised quite a bit and conveniently the front office is under going a makeover  that is very much not needed!  They did get some new gym equipment however my son who has been working out there for over a year with me is no longer aloud to go there because he is not 18 even tho he is with a parent and i am more than willing to sign a waiver ... ridiculous!  It would have been nice for them to atleast send out a notice informing of the rules instead of yelling at you after the fact when you had no idea  they changed. Which also includes the pool not being open 24 hrs anymore, i mean really this  is Vegas and almost everyone  works odd hrs.  Also my kids are no longer aloud at the pool without an adult, another rule that has changed without notice and then instead of politely telling them they were yelled at and told very rudely to get out of the pool. Not cool, the new staff has been nothing but rude and snotty!!! Our lease is now up and we were gonna extend it and stay but now we are looking for a new place asap!!!
3	I did leave Crescent Ridge, to move to a larger place in a more central area. Aside from the fact that my needs changed, I was growing increasingly turned off by some of my extremely nosey neighbors. (In fact, upon moving out, I watched several people picking through my trash in the dumpster. Creeeepy!) Since I've moved, I can see some major differences already,....the first being, it's truly a gift to have a dishwasher that actually cleans!! I always assumed it was a Nevada thing, hard water and all, but apparently CR just had really low end appliances, despite their stainless steel appearance. My hot water now lasts and laaaaaaasts. And, *knocks wood* I have yet to have an issue with bugs, crickets specifically...which leads me to believe, CR never sprayed around the buildings like they claimed they did. The walk from my car to the steps leading to my apartment was always a nightmare!! The thing that bothered me before moving was that the staff apparently changed multiple times in the past two years alone. They're friendly, but I never saw the same person twice. Management also changed *at least* 3 times in the (nearly) 4 years I spent here and many unnecessary renovations took place to their office. Also worth mentioning, the online system to pay rent was always down. I will say- I did NOT receive my deposit back. The complaints against us were that the carpet had to be re-stretched. This was something I noticed when I moved in, the carpet was almost baggy and bunched by the walls. But it was well hidden by the couch, so I thought nothing of it. It's cheap apartment carpet, that's to be expected. To be blamed for it? That's not really cool.They also kept it due to holes in the walls from hanging multiple items, aka, typical wear and tear of four years of renting. In the end, it really wasn't worth fighting them over it, so I didn't make a fuss. Overall, it was still a nice starter place.
1	I DO NOT RECOMMEND THESE APARTMENTS!!! The Management is the worst. I have been harassed non stop from them since I moved in. The office manager John is the biggest jerk around. I used to have a truck and I left 3 perfectly good tires in my parking spot for less than a day, they didn't even give me a warning and when I got home from work they were in the trash. Than when John has a problem he comes knocking on my door with no call or nothing. He is unprofessional and needs to get over himself.
1	my 15 months o fcrescent ridge isabout done im already moved out ...the first 24 hours of livving there Iwastoldtomakea list ofthings to be fixed ....stillnot fixed after 15 of living there .theyshow you abeautiful model apartment quiet isntwhat you are gonnaget ..but bugsyou willget....the manerger  andher drunk boyfiend who is matance I saw him breakinto the people below me and steal there thingsin the middle of the nite .. the new manment theguy does not care  if your things were fixed or not..that was theproblem  of the old manger ...I got a letter from them wanting metorenew my lease but with an extra 180bucks a month.... not happywith these people and theydontevern want to reinbust me for 15 days I haveleft  on thelease itsall aboutmoney money not caring about the resident .....I will not recommend living here...
5	As of right now I been here for about one month now and loving the space and quietness in the area I love these Apts
