5	Greco Fresh Grille recently opened at Blakeney in the spot between Five Guys and Brixx pizza. I had lunch there today, and I was very impressed by how nicely the restaurant (which used to house a Salad Creations) has been redecorated. Greco Fresh offers a basic menu of the sort of food you'd expect, gyros, salads, hummus and kabobs. I was pleasantly surprised to see a truly traditional (no lettuce) Greek salad listed on the menu. I ordered a chicken gyro combo for $7.59 (gyro, fries and a drink). The menu notes that the gyro meat is prepared fresh in-house, rather than using the pre-pressed/seasoned meats you see in other restaurants. The fries can be ordered with one of two different types of seasoning, but I asked for mine plain, along with a side of tzatziki sauce.My food was made fast, and it tasted great. But aside from the food, I really enjoyed the traditional Greek music, and the grecian-blue decor of the restaurant. I've eaten at a couple of counter service "Greek" restaurants in Charlotte, but this is the first one I've been to that tries to capture some of the ambiance of being in Greece. Of course, it's an Americanized version of the experience, but I enjoyed it nonetheless. I will definitely be back.
4	Great, fresh, greek grill.  The fries are really good.
5	Simple Menu!  All the Meats and the Tzatziki are Exceptional!  The Pita Bread is Amazing!  This is my Favorite Greek and Favorite place for a Wrap!First I had the Lamb Gyro and Fries.  The Gyro was Fantastic - Great Pita Bread, Red Onion, No lettuce (nice touch), Tomato and Tzatziki!  They have an "Open Kitchen" which I think always puts the customers at ease!The fries are not what I like, (I'm real picky about fries, if you see my very short "Fries" list) and what does it matter, though they are fresh (Not frozen)!  The Salad dressing was good, not great (I'm very picky about EVERYTHING!!!)!Then I had the Chicken Gyro with two sides of Tzatziki. Excellent!  The music was soft Greek sounding, relaxing, great dining music!  The Decor is Greek: Blue and White.  Very comfortable environment!The service was Outstanding!  Superb!  Top Notch!!! Fast and Friendly!  Had lunch there today and they were busy and handling it with Skill!!!
4	Fries were excellent. Spinach phyllo were really good especially dipped in the tzatziki. A bit worried about longevity d/t no one else there the two times we have been.
5	Brst spot for a quick Greek meal in town.  Stopped in the other day with my wife and ordered the chicken gyro, garlic and cumin fries and baklava.  The food was amazingly good.  My gyro was served brimming with fresh cut seasoned chicken breast in a warm pita accompanied by red onion, lettuce, tomato and tzatziki sauce.  The fries were fresh cut and seasoned perfectly (better than the 5 guys fries next door).  The baklava was baklava...they all kinda taste the same to me, though it was still delicious.  Prices are reasonable and the place was nice and clean.  Folks in the kitchen wear disposable gloves when preparing food, which was a welcom sight.
5	Stopped here wanting a REAL gyro. So the husband & I met in this tight congested shopping center & walked in this nicely decorated eatery. There is a crisp decor & not overly done. The staff is very friendly & helpful. There is a large menu hanging over the open kitchen area. A long counter in front of the cooking are does have s few stools to sit & eat or maybe wait for your take out order. The are several small tables & seems to have a nice patio out back that would be a great place for a group. At the end of the counter is where you order so after standing & looking up for several minutes we proceed to the register & order lamb gyros & make it a combo for $2.50 for, which gave us a drink & fries. We choose the lemon & oregano fried just for a change of pace! We were given our paper drink cups & a number & found a table placed the number card in the stand & waited for just a little bit. Soon a girl brings our meals that are served in plastic diner basket with wax paper lining it. Gave us real silverware wrapped in a napkin.opened up my gyro and my eyes just were so very wide looking at the massive amount shoved in this pita bread. ive never been given to much meat in one of these before! it was 2 slices (not super thin either!) nicely cooked with just a hint of pink in the center. Tzatziki  sauce fresh and placed on the bottom then a lot of sliced purple onion, some tomato slices and topped with that meat.the fries were really good, I didnt detect the lemon but hubs said he could sometimes. but the oregano was really nice. served with a small solo cup of ketchup. I think next time I might get some Tzatziki  sauce to dip them in!~The drinks are a fill it yourself, so if eating in this is nice since you can fill er up before you leave. They had 2 tea urns, but i didnt see which was sweet and which was unsweet so I just went with soda.my only negatives are that it was a little loud, people trying to talk over the loud greek radio type music/talking over head. also I found it really weird that neither my hubs or myself could get a cell signal in here! (AT&T). strange! we had to check in on yelp once we were done and walked outside.
4	Lamb gyro and the "lemon and oregano" fries. Fresh hot and tasty.  Was a little louder than what we like, but no issues even with several children in the restaurant. I would like to see them rearrange the drink and condiments area as it is a bit cluttered and so close to the table across from it you almost bump into them if they are seated there. I think they have wi-fi if you need it. Great Greek food without waiting for the Greek festival. We will return on a regular basis.
5	Fantastic!  I have found my favorite Greek restaurant!  They have a relatively limited menu, but it's GREAT food!  The cabbage -style salad (Lahano Salata) is wonderful!  Don't know what a previous reviewer (Chris S.) was expecting - however, since I am a huge fan of Greek food - I loved it!  Even my daughter liked it, and she doesn't even care much for Greek food.  The french fries (lemon/oregano) are a MUST HAVE!
5	On a return visit, my husband had their Gyro, and said it was one of the best he's ever had.  I had their shrimp pita....OMGsh!!!  It was SO good!
5	Wow!!! Seriously, drop whatever your doing now and run to Greco Fresh Grille. The menu is simple; greek salads, pitas , gyros, kabobs, veggie options. I am on a bit of a health kick, so I asked if they could serve one chicken kabob with a side of grilled veggies(not on the menu). The cashier was more than accommodating,  and said it wouldn't be a problem. A few minutes later, she brought out my food.  First i took a bite of the grilled veggies They were flavorful, and not too salty. Next came the AMAZING chicken kabob. With out a doubt,  the best I've ever had, and that's coming for a girl who loves Greek food. It was tender, juicy, and seasoned to perfection with herbs/spices from the heavens.  I scarfed it down in 5 minutes! To top it all off, the owner and his staff were friendly & make you feel right at home. I will definitely be a regular at this place. It's a ten: great prices, fresh ingredients, and awesome service. I'm thrilled that I found this gem in South Charlotte! :)
5	The best Gyro I have EVER had! Try the lemon oregano fries.
5	Visiting from Baltimore and stopped in for lunch.  Had a gyro and fries which were outstanding.   The lemon basil fries were crispy and very tasty and the gyro is the best I've ever had!
5	Another update on Greco Fresh Grille as they've been open now for about six months. We stopped by last Saturday around 3PM and the place was hopping. Great to see they're doing such a brisk business.They've added a few new items to their decor, and a few new specials to their menu. Pastitsio was listed as a special with the description of "Greek Lasagne" - sounded good but I was there for the gyro and fries. The food was great, but I wish they'd offer a combo with side items other than fries. Perhaps some hummus or a small greek salad. It's so easy to go there and get a gyro and fries, and then leave feeling like you've eaten something as heavy as 5 Guys next door.The owner is there every time I visit, and he stopped by to check on how things were going. This is still a winner of a place to me. It's exactly what I'd hoped for when they opened.
5	Great food I appreciate the authentic Greek food
5	Love this place! Casual and really kid friendly! Fresh cut fries~ Lemon oregano are ROCKIN'. Great quality ingredients, no skimping. The staff is friendly and helpful. The owner is usually there and always has a smile on his face. I love their salads and the kids really dig the chicken kabobs. We tried another greek place, near Earth Fare in South Charlotte...it did not come close to Greco!We keep coming back for the great food and the everyone's friendly attitude. SOLID casual and soooo good!!
5	Love the food here.  Growing up near Tarpon Springs, FL, which has a very large Greek population, I am nostalgic and picky when it comes to Greek food.  That's why I was pleasantly surprised when we first discovered this place a few months ago. Ate there again tonight and had the chicken kabob with lemon oregano fries.  The kids had the same thing and scarfed it down.  We also had the hummus, which was creamy and tasty...almost a meal by itself.  I wish I had fasted to make more room.  Everything always taste really fresh and flavorful.  The staff and owner are also incredibly friendly.  Looking forward to the next trip.
5	My husband is Greek.  100% Greek.  As in, Easter means the family roasts a whole lamb on a spit. Uncle Dimitri will offer you the whole head of the lamb.  Meaning our wedding, yes was very similar to My Big Fat Greek Wedding, the movie.  AND...everyone's last name ends in OPOLOUS or ISIS. We know Greek food!  Greco Fresh Grille is the real deal, and like the name says, FRESH. GFG is bright and cheery inside, and immaculate.  There's a definite blue and white Greek theme going on-- but it's modern and fresh.  Most Greek restaurants, I'm sorry to say, don't serve real tzatziki sauce.  Most places use a cheap pre-made, preservatives-laden substitute, or they'll use sour cream.  (GROSS!  For sour cream, have Mexican food, mmmkay?) Not here.  You can tell the sauce is yogurt, you can tell someone has shredded cucumber into it, and the garlic is nice and strong.  Just how it should be. Another pet peeve of most Greek joints, is the gyros are made from a pre-molded mystery meat that just gets shaved off a spit to look like it's the real deal.  It's not greasy and Pepto-Bismol-inducing.  It tastes distinctly of lamb and spices. The gyro is moist, the pita nicely warmed on the flat top, and full of flavor.  The really friendly woman who served it to us, suggested keeping the foil on, and unwrapping like a present as you ate, so not to make a mess!My husband's lamb burger was delicious and unexpected.  Very clearly this was lamb, and it was served on a pita, not a bun.  Our only suggestion would be to season the patty itself more, and to include yogurt sauce with it. Instead of fries with our combo, we subbed salads-- not the traditional salads, but the shredded cabbage and arugula one. (The Lahano) It was crisp and refreshing.  I'd like to have seen more arugula, but bottom line, it was a very nice accompaniment. After we ate, my husband was in the mood for fries, after seeing someone else with a piping hot basket.  The lemon oregano fries are killer!  Think hot, fresh FIVE GUYS-like fries with the skins on...and freshly cut...except crispy on the outside and tender and fluffy on the inside.  Then add plenty of lemon juice for tart...salt and oregano...mmm, we ate it all!After overhearing another customer say "...since I had the hummus here, I can't eat the stuff at the supermarket..." we asked the cashier if she thought the hummus was good.  She said it was great, and gave us a small sample cup with two flavors, a traditional one and a roasted red pepper feta.  Alongside, were 4 mini pita wedges.  Again, super fresh. (I'm used to more tahini in mine, but I suppose this is different than Lebanese hummus.) The most rockin' way to end a meal...the galaktompoureko.  This is a traditional Greek dessert made of an eggy, custard, set with farina, between sheets of buttery phyllo.  HOLY MOLY don't tell my mother-in-law...but this is the best version I've ever had.  It's flavored with orange zest, and super light but creamy and milky....oh how to describe it.  Just give it a try.  If you like flan and rice pudding you'll like this. Bottom line, we were really impressed to find a Greek place that does things right.  They're owned by Greek people, and obviously hire good employees, because every single person we talked with was kind and helpful. My only wish, is there was a Greco Fresh closer to where I live!
5	My husband and I regularly drive an hour to Charlotte (from a tiny SC town) to get lunch at the Greco Fresh Grille. Bright decor, friendly staff and owner, but the food is the hands-down best part of this establishment. My husband's favorite is the lamb gyro and lemon oregano fries, and my new favorite are the spinach pie triangles. Paired with a wonderfully garlicky tzatziki  sauce, I absolutely devoured the treat. My family lives in the area and dines at GFG at least weekly, and we continue to rave about it to all our local friends. Can't wait to keep trying new items off the menu - we'll be back soon!
5	Awesome place. Awesome food. Casual place. Fresh food. Great staff. Try Greco fresh today!
4	Yay for Yelp! Was looking for a reasonably priced non-chain and Yelp told me to go here. I did what most of you suggested and got the simple lam gyro and lemon oregano fries combo. About $10 for the combo, which was a little more than I wanted to spend, but it was delicious. The tzatziki sauce with the fries were SO GOOD. Definitely homemade sauce. The gyro tasted really fresh and the lamb was obviously cooked fresh too. I personally like a little feta on my gyro, but that's alright...it may not be traditional Greek to have feta. Nevertheless, high recommended! Will go back soon for sure!
5	Fantastic Food, Fantastic Service, Fantastic Value!  Friendly staff, authentic food, budget friendly prices.
4	Finally ventured into this little Blakeney gem. My wife had been before and had great things to say so, needless to say, we were long overdue. Resting amongst more attractive and simple options for suburban folk, I'm happy to say Greco Fresh Grille is local-biz lover's haven. Small, shotgun setup on the inside and a handful of tables out back. The outdoor seating is great, but goes quite fast if it's a nice day. Get at it quick! Always nice to see filled tables at an off hour. Telltale sign this place is doing something right. Friendly service behind the counter. Welcoming and helpful. Here's our order: Got cups for water. They have pepsi products. (No hard feelings. I'm just a coke guy through and through. I'll make an exception for Cheerwine, however. Viva NC)Spinach Pie. To the Greek-savvy, Spanakopita. Amazing. The phyllo is perfectly crispy, flaky and crunches/dissolves with each bite. The spinach filling is savory and not too rich and creamy. Comes with 6 pieces, so perfect for a table of two. If you're sharing with more than two, you'll have to fight for more than one piece! I'd get this every time. My wife got the veggie gyro. Great mix of roasted red peppers, cucumber, red onion and great tzatziki. I'm a fan. The pita is thick and chewy, but not offensively so. I'd be hard pressed to shove a few pieces of the spinach pie in this bad boy! Loved all of the textures and flavors. Not overpowering and a great veggie option. I got the lamp gyro. Voted best in the QC by the Observer. I say rightfully so. Generous helping of lamb, balanced well with fresh veggies and, yet again, a nice slather of that great tzatziki. Each bite was great and I was only disappointed once it was gone. Prices are very reasonable. We ate for $20 and were happily full!Parking can be an issue, as there aren't many spaces directly in front of the shop. Not uncommon for Blakeney spots. I'd park over near the Starbucks. Can't wait to head back and stuff my face with more Greek food. Opa!Cheers.
4	I was somewhat saving this for my 200th review as I wanted it to be a write-up about something good.  Greco's Fresh Grill in the Blakeney area near Rea Rd and Ardrey Kell Roads is one of the best places in the area to go for fresh, quick, and reasonably priced, mostly authentic Greek food.  It is counter service.  Peruse the menu above the grills and sneezeguards, then order what you'd like and they'll bring it to your table. Lamb gyros, chicken gyros, vegetarian stuffed grape leaves, lemon oregano fries, etc..  I have had the chicken gyro, the plain hummus, and the lemon oregano fries.  The gyro is delicious; they do not skimp on the chicken, and there is a lot of seasoning and oil on it.  Do NOT remove it from the foil lest you would like oil dripping all over you.  The hummus is probably the best I have had around here.  It's very fresh and there are no fillers in it.  The menu states "If it's harder to pronounce than a Greek last name, then you shouldn't be eating it.".  The lemon oregano fries are decent.  They are not necessarily my flavor preference, but they are good for what they are.The people working, from the Greek cooks/owners, to the teenage girls usually running the register, are all very friendly.  So if you want a good, fresh gyro at a fair price in south Charlotte, Greco's is the place to go.
3	Very convenient to my home and work.I am Greek and was so excited to see this open up.The food was good... except I was upset that the teenage girl behind the counter told me the baklava was homemade... my whole family was disappointed with the obviously store boughten baklava. I would've preferred that she told me the truth so I didn't waste my money.I'll probably be back one day...., but not for the baklava.
4	Went to Greco for a quick lunch after school today. Walking in, you notice the sleek decor paired with older Greek decorations. It's an interesting vibe they create, but they pull it off pretty well. I ordered the grilled chicken gyro. We sat outside, and our food was out in about ten minutes. My chicken was very very good. Fresh, and not chewy at all. Probably some of the best chicken I've had. The tzatziki was fresh and delicious, and the onions and tomatoes complimented the whole thing. The pita was also very good.Service was fine, really not enough interaction to judge anything. Overall, if I was in a bind for time, I'd go again!
5	WOW WOW WOW!!!  This little hole in the wall is amazing!!  My best friends when I was a child were Orthodox Greek straight from the islands and one of my best friends now is Greek and she and her Mother make AWESOME Greek food.   With all of that being said, I'm a major Greek food snob and I have unreasonably high standards, as a result.  I have been to dozens of Greek restaurants over the years and a handful from Charlotte, NC to Columbia, SC and, hands-down...Greco is far superior to any other that I have been to.  The freshness of the ingredients, the flavors and seasonings, and the quality of the meat is just like my Greek friends have made me accustomed to.I visited Greco for a late lunch.  Even at 2:00 on a weekday, there were several people in their enjoying their meals and more coming in as I was waiting.  The decor is unpretentious and captures the essence of Greece beautifully.  It has a bit of a Greek Diner feel, which I LOVE!  The service was fast and friendly and I enjoyed watching the chef  (owner, maybe??) prepare my food..."FRESH' is the key word in the title here.  I watched intently and everything was homemade (Tzatziki, Greek dressing, Lamb patties, etc).I ordered the Lamb Gyro combo with Lemon and Oregano Fries and a Peasant Salad.  The lamb patties for the Gyro are made onsite with fresh lamb and the most perfect Greek Lamb seasoning blend.  It's cooked on the grill-top to order (not made from greasy pre-fab mounds kept warm on a a spit).  This is real deal!!  The meat was moist, tender, and delicious!  It was served with housemade Tzatziki and tomato on a warm pita (I asked them to hold the onions).  The Tzatziki is made with yogurt, fresh shredded cucumbers, fresh herbs, and TONS of garlic....it's a flavor sensation!   The fries...OMG, the fries!!!  The most incredible seasoned fries I have ever tasted.  Tastes like traditional Greek Potatoes, but in french fry form (brilliant marketing move, BTW...everyone loves french fries!!).  French fries are fresh cut with skins, fried crispy on the outside and fluffy in the middle and then they are tossed in a bowl with salt, lemon juice, and oregano.  I will have dreams about these fries!  LOL   Last, but not least, is the Peasant Salad.  The Peasant Salad is everything that you love about a traditional Greek salad, minus the lettuce.  Giant wedges of plump red tomatoes, thinly sliced red onion, sliced seedless cucumbers (with the skin on), Kalamata Olives, and big cubes of deliciously salty and tangy feta cheese.  Again, all of the ingredients are put into a bowl and hand-tossed with Greek dressing and an extra dash of seasoning.  Salad is served with warm pita wedges.   It was a fantastic salad and the serving was huge!  Salads can also be topped with their house-marinated Chicken or Shrimp or their yummy Lamb.  They also have a Vegetarian Pita made with Red Peppers, Eggplant, and Zucchini and a kids menu.  They also offer Whole Wheat Pitas for a mere .25 charge.Prices are excellent as well.  I paid $15.00 (Gyro combo with Fries and a Drink and a full-sized Peasant Salad) and I made two meals out of it!  BTW, the Fries reheat perfectly in the oven!  If you are looking for heavy Greek dishes such as Pasticio, Baked Fish, or Leg of Lamb, this isn't the place.  If you are looking for delicious Greek quick dishes, this is a must-try!I can't wait to go back with my husband....he is going to love it!!!   I must try the Spanikopita next time!I have a new favorite lunch place!!Update Oct 8, 2012: I have been back 3-4 times since my original review and the 5-star rating still stands!  The service is always excellent and the ingredients are always very fresh.  My Husband, Son, and Mother have also eaten here with me and they love it, too.  I truly can't say enough about the house-made Gyro meat...it is moist and perfectly seasoned every time!   We have also tried the Spanikopita and it is very good, too!  This is "the" place for Gyros!
4	The best lamb gyro I've ever had. They always have different flavored hummus (so far my favorite is the chipolte flavor. Kind of a hole in the wall but well worth it.
5	DELICIOUS!!!My wife and I waited almost 6 months before we decided to try this greek place.  I don't know why we waited so long but it still pains me to think of all those months I missed of spectacular greek food less than two miles away in Blakeney.  Growing up in the Greek Orthodox church, being a foodie, and spending our honeymoon in Greece, I am very picky about my greek food from the quality of the meats, to the tzatziki sauce and pitas, to the salads, and the dressings.My ultimate favorite dish they serve is the lamb gyro.  The meat is by FAR the best in town.  Hot, flavorful, and with just the right amount of tzatziki and olive oil...mmm, my mouth is watering now.  DO NOT overlook having fries with your gyro!  So many greek places have those fat, undercooked, unflavorful fries that I CAN'T stand!  Not here.  The Greco Fresh fries are hand cut, served hot, and if you want, drizzled with lemon juice and topped with oregano, that's right, superb! (I like mine with tzatziki sauce for dipping).   My wife loves the peasant salad which I always have to help her finish.  If you're not familiar with a peasant salad, it's just the good stuff, no lettuce filler.  Think fresh cucumbers, green peppers, onions (if you want), tomatoes, olives, lots of feta, and of course, their delicious house made dressing.  You can't go wrong with this salad.  This is the way salad should be, why waste space with lettuce that has no taste.  One word of caution, the homemade tzatziki sauce stays on the breath for a while if you eat as much as I do so come packing a few pieces of gum for after your meal, especially if going back to work.They also have Cheerwine on tap which is the shizzle if you are a true born and raised North Carolinian.  The customer service there is top notch, probably the best in Ballantyne, and the owner always walks around if he has time and talks and jokes with his customers.The one comment about the "greek" guy who was angry about the baklava being store bought obviously needs to have his greek cred checked.  Maybe it didn't taste like your mommas but it is definitely not from any store. Not only are the desserts baked in house, the owner's wife makes them which is why they sometimes don't have galaktoboureko, doesn't get more small business greek than that.With that being said, go eat at Greco Fresh and enjoy!  Maybe you'll see us there tonight as well...
5	Lemon oregano fries!!!! Cumin garlic fries!!!  (which we dipped in some extra zazikki) hand cut, crispy and  wowza!! I had the lamb gyros too!! Soooo good. Plenty of seasoning, the zazikki is home made, cucumber and yogurt goodness.  I did eat mine in the foil wrapper as the juices want to slide out the back. Lol. The food is served in plastic baskets which makes it hard to eat with fork and knife but there are plenty of napkins to be had. The place is in a strip mall, just a little hole in the wall but clean and nicely set up.  Place your order at the counter and have a seat. Only took about 10 minutes for our three orders to come up. The staff are all friendly and attentive and the owner chatted with us while we ate. I recommend saving room for the home made baclava. Layers of crispy FILO, just the right amount of honey and yummy walnuts. Fresh and moist! All those flavors created a party in my mouth!!Thanks! We'll be back!
4	Tucked in between the Five Guys and that God-forsaken Encore Bistro at the shopping center at Blakeney is this quaint and quite delicious Greek restaurant that adheres to simple options and a ginormous bowl of tasty.I always lean towards the salad to start with, especially the Peasant Greek salata, chock full of giant tomatoes and a super generous serving of red onions, cucumber, and oil and vinegar. Sop all this up with generous serving of pita wedges. Feel free to ask for me, if you run out of pita wedges. And while you're at it, sample their hummus; choose from the traditional, or be bold and try whatever wacky-yet-gastronomically-awesome combination the Mad Hummus Scientist in the back's whipped up for you.Main course, I can't stay away from the grilled chicken breast gyro. Generous, and I mean GENEROUS servings of diced chicken breasts, smothered (but not drowned) in tzatziki. DELISH! You gotta have their hand-cut fries. Sure, you can play it safe and order the plain hand-cut fries, but be bold, the same way our Greek forefathers were bold, and plop your pretty little face into a basket of the lemon oregano fries. I could make a meal out of these delish little delights on a daily basis. Who cares if my arteries clog up with thick coats of peanut oil and lemon oregano? You only live once.Everything here is clearly fresh and homemade, and if you the Greeks, you know they take their food seriously. They respect the dish, and you better damned well respect the dish too! Their homemade hummus and tzatziki is available for take out as well, so pick some up for home. Perfect for entertaining guests. Or yourself. Whatever works.I also love the contemporary Greek pop music that's piped in on some Sirius XM radio feed. I'm noshing on my grilled chicken breast gyro and bopping my head to some Greek version of "Call Me Maybe," and it occurs to me that my bopping may be misconstrued as mockery. Oh, come on! I love "Call Me Maybe," especially when sung in another language!Also, as a side note, I've seen Steve Smith of the Panthers eat here a couple of times. If this place is good enough for the best player ever to wear a Panthers jersey (and why am I gushing, considering I'm a lifelong Giants fan?), then Greco Fresh Grille is good enough for me.Another also: Steve Smith is really short for a wide receiver. I mean REALLY SHORT.
4	Yum, the best Greek chicken pita around!  I either eat chicken or vegetarian, so I can only speak to those items.  The greek salad was fresh and filling.  The lemon fries are too die for, but trying to eat healthier, so I have cut back on those..even though they are tempting....the baklava is to DIE FOR!  Cinnamon flavor, not overly sweet.  If you haven't been here, you must try it!!
5	Great eats here. My wife had the gyro with a side of garlic fries and I had the seasoned chicken kebabs with the lemon-oregano fries. Our tastebuds exploded. Period. The lamb in the gyro is so delectably tender and well seasoned that nothing even comes close...anywhere. We're from NYC and have had a good gyro here and there but this really kicks butt. Not to be outshined were the kebabs. Seasoned to perfection and moist! The portions and price are just right. We've been here before but we continue to come back because of the consistency of service and food. The owner, by the way, is a rare guy indeed. In a world where the dollar is what motivates us all, this man has has a passion for his food and it shows.Give this place a try and you won't be sorry. There are some businesses I'd like to see stick around and be successful and this is one of them.
4	Considering that the wife and I live close by and love Greek food, it was shocking that it took so long for us to try this place.  I ordered a lamb burger and the wife had a lamb gyro.  The wife decided that we split the lahano salata, which is a traditional Greek salad made with cabbage, fennel, green onions and dill, if I am not mistaken.  All the food was authentic and the chef/cook came out and talked to us to see how everything was.  It was nice to try something a little different than the usual Greek food.  The service was great all around and we ordered baklava to go.I can't wait to return and explore more of the menu next time.
5	A great family restaurant. The food was excellent and had great prices. The chicken gyro was delicious as well as the choices of hummus.....
4	I don't see how anyone could make a better gyro wrap than this one, it was simply perfect! Juicy, tasty and well worth the $6. Normally I shy away from spiced (spiked)  fries, but this time I tried the lemon-oregano and they were very good - still, I'll stick to plain next time. The special last nite was Melitzanosalata  (Greek babaganoush) it was served plain on a leaf of lettuce but the taste was a treat. The peasant salad was ok.  Honestly we make it at home all the time, we use big fat kalamata olives and strong tasting Bulgarian feta - from Agora the Greek market - Spanish olive oil, ripe tomatoes etc, the restaurant versions always pale next to it. We also took home a portion of Galaktoboureko. It was a square piece, cut from a large pie, it was good but there was almost no philo.  I personally like them better individually wrapped in philo leaves - like an oversized baklava. This is just a shop rather a restaurant, which means a limited menu and no beer or wine, but the place is bright, clean and pleasant for a quickie meal. Finally the owner and his daughters were super friendly.  I'd probably make a habit of  stopping here all the time ......if it wasn't so darn far from my beaten path.
5	My hubby, son and I recently moved to Charlotte and decided to try Greco's out tonight.  WOW, am I glad we did!  Do yourself a favor and eat there as soon as you can!  The food is amazing...and equally amazing is the owner and the young girls that work there.  We will definitely be back, over and over!!!  Yummmmm!!!!
4	Love this place and have been here 3 times in the 1.5 weeks since we discovered it.  Excellent, fresh ingredients, friendly service and inviting prices make this a must try. We drive 20 minutes for Greco Fresh goodness....As everyone has mentioned this place has the best gyro in town but----everything else is superb as well. All varieties of fries and the daily Greek specialties are must tries....One request would be a beer license for an ice cold Mythos or Athena.
4	Love their chicken gyro, really messy to eat, but worth it. When you order the combo get the oregano fries, really good.  This appears to be a family run business with all the staff very friendly and efficient. You are always asked if you enjoyed the food; so far a resounding yes. And make sure you try the Taziki sauce, yum! Next time you're at Blakeney, give it a try.
5	The rosemary hummus is the best !  We stumbled on this place while we were doing some last minute Christmas shopping and were so happy with our find!  Greco is a little cafe in the shopping center that is absolutely perfect.  I had a lamb gyro with a side of lemon garlic fries--these were the best fries i ever had.  The lamb burger on pita is very good as well.  The owner is friendly and the place is family owned/run, which I always like.  By far the best Greek food I've had in years.
4	Very good Greek food. Probably the best in the area (South Charlotte). I had the traditional gyro. My wife had the chicken gyro. Both were excellent. Employees are awesome. Friendly and quick.  Can't wait to go back!
4	Greco Fresh Grille - Wow.  What a great experience.  I first went to Greco Fresh Grille with my family - in search of authentic and tasty Greek food.  Growing up next to Tarpon Springs Florida - the largest Greek community in the US - I have had some pretty awesome Greek meals.  I was shocked and surprised by HOW MUCH BETTER Greco Fresh Grille is from their local competition...its really no comparison.  Greek posers look out.  The staff is friendly, doting and mannerly, the service is quick so there are very short wait times, and the owner is engaging and takes old school pride in the quality of food, service and experience.  The Giro is the best you will find in Charlotte - hands down. Tzaziki sauce is incredible, meat portion is generous and perfectly seasoned, and price points and portions are perfect for a casual meal.  Today I waited until 1:30 for lunch because I knew I would be in the Blakeney area at that time.  I'll wait a few hours for superior food and service.   I highly recommend Greco Fresh Grille...pop in and enjoy.  Boe
5	Fast food atmosphere - but quite possible one of the BEST Greek Gyros in all of South Charlotte. The owner is authentic Greek descandant and they were playing Greek radio (Pandora) while we ate. Very authentic, and large, generous portions of sliced meat.
5	The service is fantastic! The food cooked freshly as you order and are prepared quickly. I tried the lamb gyro and my friend tried the veggie gyro, both are amazing! This is one of the best mediterranean restaurant I've been to! If anyone has tried their stuffed grape leaves or the orange phyllo dessert let us know how it is!
5	If you like a Mediterranean flavor, Greco Freash Grill is a good choice. Love their chicken gyros with oregano & lemon fries. Food is consistently good with generous portions. Staff is very friendly and pleasant, and seem to go out of their way to make sure your enjoyed your meal.
5	I'm so glad I bookmarked this place to try! I really could kick myself for not trying this place sooner! Greco's is awesome! It's a cool spot hidden in the back of the Blakeney shopping center with awesome food and super friendly employees. Sure, parking is a bit of pain but once you find a spot you are totally in for a treat! When I walked in there was Greek music playing and the aroma smelled simply delicious! There were two super friendly employees behind the counter and they definitely made my visit amazing!I decided to try the chicken breast gyro and lemon and oregano fries. Holy Moly!!! The chicken was so tender and well seasoned! The pita bread was so fresh and mixed with that tzatzaki sauce....yum yum yum! There was nothing about this gyro that I didn't like! And those fries were freaking killer!! The tartness of the lemon and freshness and flavor from the oregano...two words: Simply delicious! I couldn't stop eating them!!! I only wish I had more...I enjoyed the entire experience! My food was hot, the portion sizes were huge! And the best part of the visit, was that the employees came by and asked if my food was delicious or if I needed anything else!I can't wait to come back and try something else on the menu! This is by far some of the best Greek food in Charlotte! Totally a must try!!!
5	Authentic Greek restaurant! Very friendly staff and consistently good food.Definitely one of the best fast-food like greek restaurants in the Charlotte area. Been there three times so far and loved it every single time.They have outside seating as well.
5	The lamb gyro is the best I've ever had.  Their Greek burger is amazing as well!!  The burger comes on great bread - not a bun, and it's excellent.  It comes with lettuce, onions, and tomato on it.  The platter with fries and a drink is definitely the way to go here!
4	YUM!  Fresh is indeed the word for this place, what a delightful stop for a quick dinner.  The owner asked if it was my first time, how I had heard about them, etc. and I told him that I had seen some glowing reviews on Yelp and had to try it out for myself.  He laughed and said when the Yelpers like you, you're in good and when they don't it's not good.  :)  Such a charmer, excellent first impression, but I had to try the food.As the other reviews have stated, Greco Fresh Grille is located at Blakeney along the restaurant row portion on the far end.  Parking - meh.  Directly in front of the restaurant is 15 minute parking, so swing on past that towards Bath and Body and Wells Fargo and you should have some luck.  At 5:30 on a Monday, I was a little ahead of the dinner rush, but as I was finishing, folks started to pour in.  I am glad I got there early, as I got a chance to speak with the owner.  The food:Grilled chicken gyro:  well seasoned white meat served on a warm pita with tzatziki (totally had to look that up) sauce, thinly sliced onions and tomatoes.  Delish!  It tasted bright and fresh, very good.  The fries:  I ordered the lemon with oregano fries (the owner said if you are getting fries to go, the plain or garlic/cumin is suggested as the lemon that is tossed with the fries can make them a tad soggy if you aren't going to eat them soon).  I liked them - different, tasty.  But he was kind enough to send over a sample of the garlic/cumin fries and they were AWESOME.  I like crispy (burned) fries, and these were perfect.  Lightly seasoned and such a tasty change from plain old salt.  Quite good!As Ben stated, they have the Pepsi (sigh), but they do have Cheerwine - YAY!Awesome Greek music playing, but not loud or obtrusive at all.  If I had any friends to eat with, we could have easily carried on a conversation.  There is a TV that was on the Cooking channel when I was in with subtitles.  Friendly tip - your breath is going to be WHEEEEYEW from all of the deliciousness, so I wouldn't do this for a first date (or third, *wink*) or before a trip to your dentist (unless you hate your dentist), but any other time would be fabulous.Great little spot, the owner and his staff are incredible and definitely made a great impression.  Come for the friendliness, stay for the food, I can't wait to go back and try some more food.
5	This place is the real deal and serves authentic greek food. The lamb gyros are hearty and will satisfy even the hungriest of eaters. The Pita's are super fresh and the tzatziki is creamy, garlicy and tangy. Highly recommend the greek salads which come with large chucks of veggies and feta cheese. The baklava is also excellent. I havn't tried the lamb burger yet or the garlic oregano fries but I hear those are great too.This is my new goto Greek joint in South Charlotte.
5	Wonderful fresh ingredients in this family run business. Their love of what they serve and the passion in which they serve it is great. The food is casual, wonderful and reasonably priced! Delicious!
4	This is located in the Blakeney shopping center. Ordered the chicken gyro combo, comes with drink and fries for $2.75 more, I think. The gyro is always packed with chicken and really flavorful with the tzatziki sauce. I get the lemon and oregano fries; also yummy. Nice people, good food at a reasonable price.
5	The chicken gyro was awesome! The chicken is seasoned to perfection, with thinly sliced onions, tomatoes, tzatziki on a warm gyro! I chose a side salad which was just as great, lettuce, tomatoes, olives, feta, onions & an amazing homemade dressing! Love it!!!
4	Hummus was good, gyro was great, and staff was nice.
4	Really solid spot for casual Greek in Blakeney.  I've tried both the chicken and lamb gyros, and both are quite yummy.  I appreciate having the option for whole wheat pita, even with the 25 cent upcharge.  Have tried both types of fries, lemon oregano and garlic cumin, and while they're sure to make any fry lover happy, I didn't find them particularly spectacular.  I prefer to opt for their hummus, with an interesting rotation of flavors, having tried the chipotle hummus which was good.  Prices are very reasonable, with pitas going for $6, with an extra $3 to make it a combo with fries or hummus and a drink.  Highly recommend for a quick lunch if you find yourself in the area.
5	Food is amazing and the owner is super nice.  Great local business!
2	The food has sadly Americanized, too much success too soon?I've been back a few times  - not as often as I'd like because 22 miles is a long round trip for a Gyro - the fun has been going down but today, finally was just a big disappointing. They no longer offer the delicious Melitzonasalata, I was told because locals are not interested. Galaktompureko sorry no we don't have any, I didn't see any spinach pie ... it's pretty much down to people lining up for Gyro and "Greek" fries. Even the gyro (which is still good) is not what it used to be - more grease, less flavor ... is that pressed lamb meat? Not the same.I brought home the Lahano salad, which turned out to be nothing but shredded cabbage with a tiny bit of Arugula, essentially $7 for a plate of slaw. Studying the menu after the fact I see I was supposed to spend an  additional $3-$4 for chicken or some other protein on top, Greek salad? I think not.  If enough people notice maybe the owners will raise their standards but I won't be holding my breath.
3	I asked the cashier for recommendation as this was my first time here.  Lamb gyro was good, but i should have skipped the lemon seasoned fries - they were cold.  I will come back another time and reevaluate my 3-star grade.
2	Being from new york, I have tried greek food at several places. I didn't quite like the food at Greco as it came across as not authentic at all. The chicken in the gyro was very dry and hard to chew. The hummus that came along with the meal was cold, stale, dry and not tasteful at all. I can say garlic hummus that is store bought could taste better. Overall, My experience was not great. Greco needs to step up their game!!!
4	I'm so surprised I haven't reviewed Greco Fresh Grille yet!  It's a favorite spot for quick, fresh food. My favorite is the the Lahano Salata with Grilled Chicken. It's shredded cabbage with arugula and green onions tossed with a yummy lemon dressing.  My description probably didn't give it justice but it's so good and it's nothing like coleslaw. I do recommend adding a protein, either the chicken or shrimp to elevate it to a meal.  It also comes with pita bread on the side.My hubby usually gets the shrimp pita - it's so good!  The best part of his pita that you can make it a combo and get lemon & oregano fries!  It's an expectation for him to share his fries with me. I admit that I tend to order the same thing but I will venture out one day and order the lamb burger, it sounds so good. The service is always very friendly and attentive - especially with the quick service format.  You order at the register,  they give you a number and they'll bring your food to you.  Try it, I'm sure you'll like it.
4	OK the traditional lamb gyro was excellent.  I would give it 5 stars.  I got a combo with the fancy fries.  I give the fries 2 stars.  The flavor is excellent but the texture is poor.  They are cooked for too long in oil that is not up to temp.  Too greasy, too limp.  Bump the temp of the oil up 25 degrees and shorten the cooking time just a bit.  The hummus was very good.  Not the best I've ever had but very good.  Service was pretty quick, food was hot.  Simple place. Place your order, pay, sit, wait, they bring your food, eat.  I left a small tip at the time of the order.  Price is good.
5	Had the lamb gyros and it was super tasty (and i've tried a lot of gyros!).  I also got the spicy hummus.  Will definitely come again and owner was super friendly which is a great bonus :)
5	Love their baklava. The queen makes it. The owner and his daughter are very nice people too--they run the joint.
5	Lamb gyro and cumin & garlic fries were awesome. Didn't have room for baklava, but it looked yummy. Definitely will be back.
5	Greco Fresh Grille is a tiny shop tucked in Blakeney between Five Guys and Brixx. The parking can be a chore but well worth it even if you have to walk a little distance.Hands down the best for a gyro sandwich. The lamb is fresh. The flavor and texture far exceeds the normal pre-frozen strips you get at other places. The pita is soft and chewy and the homemade tzatziki sauce is delicious. I often order the Greek salad and ask to have lamb meat added. The salad is light and the dressing is a perfect compliment. I only wish the salad itself was a little bigger.Of course no meal here is complete without the fries. Lemon-oregano is my favorite. I eat way too many and savor every bite. Citrus, salt, herbs...mmmm!The owner is wonderful and greets his patrons, cooks, busses tables, and mingles with the guests. He is invested in his business and customer service. The personal touch adds to a terrific lunch.This is our go to Greek!
5	They ground their own lamb, which means you can order a rare burger. They cut their own fries. They check on you and ask how you're enjoying your meal. That means they care.
5	Favorite place for lunch, wonderful family owned restaurant, great gyro's and the garlic cumin fries are to die for. Hummus is made fresh daily, this is a can't miss!
5	I'll go ahead and reiterate what everyone has already said, this place is fantastic. There isn't anything I can even think of to nitpick, their ingredients are fresh, consistent, and certainly filling. The gyros are awesome, the lamb is juicy and well seasoned, the tzatziki is creamy, and the onions are nice and crisp. The baklava is fresh and flaky as well. As good as their sandwiches are, the fries are even better. Probably top five I've ever had, and some of the best seasoned. I've ordered a couple orders of their fries in different flavors for parties and it's always a crowd-pleaser. In a neighborhood full of choices to eat, this is one of favorites in Blakeney/Stonecrest area.
5	I LOVE this place.  My family gets take out from here a lot.  I usually get the Greek salad with grilled chicken.  It's not a boring old salad.  The chicken is delicious and there's also feta, greek olives, cucumber, tomato, really good dressing, and pita wedges.  My husband opts for the lamb gyro which is delicious.  Their garlic and cumin fries are out of this world and an order is definitely large enough to share.  The staff are super friendly.  It's also a nice place to eat if you want to grab a quick bite and eat outside while shopping at Blakeney.
5	The best french fries in Charlotte.  Period.  These are delicious fresh cut seasoned fries that are french fry perfection.  I have had the lemon & oregano and the cumin & garlic and both are excellent.  I enjoy the shrimp pita and the veggie pita.  Both have creamy delicious sauce and fresh purple onion slices wrapped in a warm soft pita bread wrap.  Employees are friendly and helpful.
5	My wife and I decided to try Greco's for the first time and it was delicious. The smell when we walked in was divine. The gentleman behind the counter was so nice that he made us feel like we were his family walking into his home. He checked up on us as well and had a deep love for his food (which I love to see). The food was perfectly prepared and amazing!! Will definitely come back again and again!
5	This was one of the best places I have ever eaten ... The people were so nice and good was so great will be a life long customer ...
5	Absolutely the best Gyro you can get around! Coming from New Jersey, I've tried many Greek places in the NY/NJ area. Never have I tried a place as authentic and as delicious as Greco Fresh Grille! Employees are friendly, place looks great, and food is the best! I had the lamb gyro, Greek fries, lemon rosemary hummus, and peasant salad. All fantastic choices! Highly recommend!
5	My husband , daughter and I were at AT&T yesterday and awfully hungry. We searched yelp of course to see what was available food wise and saw this place and it wasn't long ago we were craving some gyros with lamb.   This Place Is A Bit Small . It felt cramped with it not busy I would not want to experience it busy. We ordered 3 traditional gyros garlic cumin french fries, and lemon oregano french fries. Service was quick. We were sitting outside. And we were amazed at how phenom this food was.   The tzatziki sauce tasted identical to my homemade one. Everything was prepared in the least messy way.  And the French fries were out of this world like we've never tasted before.   We bragged about this food the entire way home and we are looking forward to going back soon
4	3 words....Lemon.Rosemary.Hummus.  GAME CHANGER!  Best hummus I have had in Charlotte.  I don't know how or why but this hummus is on point!!!  They could be adding gasoline for all I know and I wouldn't even care.  The consistency is perfect, the flavor mixture is spot on, the pita bread served with it is warm and fresh.  Yummm...what a treat.  They offer other flavors of hummus as well including Chipolte and traditional.  I'm sure they are great.  The greek salad was very good and the dessert we ordered was phenomenal!!  I don't know the real greek word and I am too lazy to look it up but it was some type of custard in a phyllo dough, baked, warm and ridiculously good.  It was big enough to share but I could have housed the whole thing on my own with no problem.  The place is not much to look at and the Blakeney location is sandwiched inbetween Brixx and Cold Stone so it gets a bit lost and a bit crazy on the weekends.  They can't really seat more than a table of 4 inside but they have a small outdoor patio.  Word on the street is they have another location...I think they said Stallings?  Somewhere out there.  Anyway, love them.  Far from where I live but worth the trip.  I need to try a few more things but this may be my go-to for Greek moving forward.
4	Cool, quick and good eat! The lemon parsley fries are a must have. The shrimp pita was fresh and delish! The tzatziki sauce was a little much...may ask for little next time. Greek salad was just that...nothing more and nothing less. Local fav!
5	While visiting Charlotte, NC  today we stopped at Greco Fresh Grille. Oh my goodness! The BEST Traditional Gyro I have had.  Flavorful, tender, juicy and the greatest Tzatziki sauce. Family owned. And I must say, a great friendly family they are. We must go back before our trip ends.
5	We love going there for their Gyros and also the Lamb Burgers... don't miss the fries... without a doubt the best in all of Charlotte..
4	One of our favorite places in Ballantyne. Kid friendly, fast service and delicious food. My favorite by far are the Stuffed Grape Leaves "Dolmades". The Cumin Fries are always a hit on our table also.
4	5.95 for a gyro? I'll have like four please.. to feed myself.Greco isn't the most high-end, upscale restaurant on the inside, but you really shouldn't judge this little book by its cover.  The food and service is definitely A+. The food at Greco is cheap cheap cheap but doesn't taste like it at all.  The best part of the meal is paying 3.00$ extra for Lemon-Oregano fries and a drink.  Getting an entree + fries + drink is a little too much food for just one person honestly so if you're looking to just be 'full' when you leave instead of 'super stuffed', maybe share the fries with a friend?  Lastly, they have baklava that's the size of my entire hand.  The baklava I've had before was the same price and literally the size of a quarter (but I kept paying for it because it was sooooo good).  Thank goodness I've found a better alternative in this wonderful little place.
5	Amazing everything.  I have never been disappointed or left feeling hungry.  Great food, nice staff, always a pleasure. Also....REALLY Good food.
4	The Chicken Gyro with fresh cut Lemon Oregano fries is AMAZING.. So why didn't I try this place sooner??? That's the question that taunts me to this very moment as I write this review. I'm in Blakney shopping, enjoying the live music on the weekends and taking my daughter to get Five Guys (right next door) and not once did I think to step foot into Greco until just recently. My husband and I were hungry and of course my daughter wanted Five Guys and we of course are not fans of burgers and greasy fries. So my daughter suggested we step into the quaint restaurant next door and we DID. This was one of the BEST IDEAS ever, we both ordered the Chicken Gyro and my husband got hummus as a side and I ordered the Lemon Oregano fries (which my husband ate majority of). The service was on point and the food was made FRESH and the taste was perfect. We entered the restaurant only 15 minutes before closing and the manager was so nice in catering to us and coming over to the table and talking with us trying to figure out the same question we ask ourselves "Why is this our first time in the restaurant"? He ensured us that we would not be disappointed and he was definitely correct. We LOVED it and we have been back twice since our first visit and I indulged in the same item, my husband has also tried the lamb burger and he enjoyed it.Check out Greco Fresh Grille and again I highly recommend the chicken gyro and the fresh cut lemon oregano fries.
2	After seeing this on Yelp I decided to try this place for lunch. Mostly everything about this place was average to me. The layout, decor, and atmosphere all had that very plain and standard restaurant look. Wasn't terrible but nothing that stood out. I did find it pretty odd that "Days of out Lives" show was playing on the TV, which the cook was watching while making my food. 0_oAnyways, I decided to order the chicken pita with lemon-oregano fries and a drink. The total came a little over $9, which is pricey for lunch (portion size was big though but I don't want a huge lunch).I did not think the food was worth $9. I'm pretty sure my pita bread was not freshly made at the restaurant. If it was, that's too bad because it tastes store bought. The chicken was cooked well and was juicy, but didn't have any flavor! All the sauces and extras on the pita were also very average and didn't taste fresh. The fries were my biggest disappointment. I love oregano, but the problem is all the flavor for these fries relied on the oregano, which was too much. Again they were cooked well, but the flavor is a complete failure.I'd give this place 2.5 stars if I could, but since my $9 lunch was so underwhelming, I'll round down to 2 stars. I might try this again in the future, in hopes that my order was an exception to their quality.
4	I have celiac disease and the cooks cleaned the grill before making the lamb to go on my Greek salad. Bravo! I could see them so I had increased confidence. Not sure if the used a fresh spatula and gloves but  no problems so far. The food was good and fresh and their attentiveness was superb. I'll have to teach them more next time around.
5	I have been eating at Greco regularly for 3 years now and have been delighted during each visit.My kids loooove their chicken skewers with the tasting Greek seasoning. (They beg me to take them there).You can't leave without indulging in the lemon oregano fries. I dare to say they are the best fries in the state! Only get one order for the table though; as the portion is ample and you WILL clean your plate.The tzatiki is so creamy and light...I always get extras.Mmmmmm, I am hungry remembering the lamb burger on pita; wow...I call that happiness on a plate.Greek salad and shrimp pita are just some of my other favorites.Oh, I almost forgot the prices are so reasonable for the quality and if you want extra tzatiki, they don't nickel and dime you; they happily give you more with a smile.And they are family owned; very nice people.Gotta go; I need me some Greco love.
5	They do an unbelievable job here . Can't belie it took me 2 years to give it a try. All the reviews are spot on. Traditional Gyro, cumin garlic fries,, make you wanna slap your momma!  Great job guys keep it up.  Owner is awesome and make sure you are satisfied and happy.
5	Gyros are awesome!!
4	While driving all over Charlotte to buy things for my Halloween costume I stumbled upon this place and decided to give it a shot. Walking in, it almost reminds me of a little high school cafeteria (my HS at least lol).We were greeted by a very nice young lady who promptlytook our order.(You order your meal at a small little counter while overlooking the grill/cooking area.)We had an order of hummus w/ pita, chicken gyro with lemon oregano fries, and a greek salad w/ grilled chicken. Everything was delicious. I must say that I'm not a "seasoned" fry type of guy....in fact I HATE when fries have anything on them other than salt...and these fries were very good. This was my first time here but I was very happy with the entire experience. If your looking for a quick delicious bite to eat, this is the PERFECT alternative for a fast food joint/quick lunch place.
