4	this place is bit hard to find. It is worth it. The prices for food and drink are pretty good. A place that is more sports bar and has requesite drink and food specials. I'm giving this place an extra star for having sake, in a bottle, in the reachin. It can be warmed up and excellent price forsake bomb $7.50 = 2 or 3 bombs.Karaoke on Saturday nights. I might have sung a Turtles song, but our group sang along with those standards - Bohemian Rhapsody. Cheers to the guy that did Dennis Leary's "I'm an A$$hole." Yet, tell your friend. It was about yesterday(Sunday) and fumble for TD - Niners win.
1	Boo!  This bar does not have anything going for it.  The place is tiny, and the karaoke painful.  On a Saturday night, only one other party was present with my group of 10.  Yet, the two bartenders on duty still found it difficult to make sure everyone's needs were tended to.  The location is very hard to find as well; I wouldn't have made it without additional directions from a friend.   When I finally did arrive after my 45 minute drive at 10:00p.m., I found out that the kitchen was already closed.  Weak.  I will not return.  Oh!  Did I mention that I was charged for the soda I ordered at the bar?  Generally the soda is free of charge at most establishments, when you are with a group of drinkers.
2	There is nothing remotely interesting at Deemo's.  An obviously premade frozen hamburger, fries of the sort I can buy at Safeway, and prices that are higher than any one of my beloved restaurants where it's all fresh?  No thanks.I ate lunch here today, as it's in my office complex.  The place itself is actually pretty cute and seems like it would be fun to grab a few beers after work, which is why I gave it the two stars.  But every other restaurant in the complex would have to close down before I'd pay $10 for anything on Deemo's menu again.
2	Deemos American Grill is a tiny little bar tucked far, far away in the rear (heehee) of the Camelback Esplanade.  In fact, its location is so obscure, I honestly don't know how people stumble upon it.  Deemos is neither interesting nor original; if you do happen to find it, I can't imagine that you would go back.I, however, did go back.  Let me explain...First, I would like to say that I have been a Deemos patron a handful of times and only on Wednesday nights.  Why Wednesday nights, you might ask?  Well, Wednesday night is karaoke night!It all started when a friend of mine called and asked me to go to karaoke with her and of course, I obliged.  I love to tear up a mic every now and then.  I had trouble finding the place (surprise!) and I wasn't terribly impressed when I got there.There is a smoking patio outside, so if you're a smoker, that totally rocks.  If you're not a smoker, you may get turned off dodging smoke rings as you walk through the patio to get in the front door.  Inside, there is a U-shaped bar, some high tables, low tables and a couple of booths.  I'm pretty sure they have a menu, but I've never eaten there and I've never actually seen anyone eating there.  The drink prices aren't great but they aren't really expensive.  I know this because I am a patient person.  The bartenders are awful.  Wait.  Let me tell you what they're good at doing.  They are really good at ignoring you for an exorbitant amount of time, going outside for a 20 minute smoke break, mixing the wrong drink and treating you like they don't really work for tips.The ONLY reason I went in the first place and the ONLY reason I went back was the karaoke.  And that's also the reason I gave a 2-star review instead of a 1-star review!Nickstar Entertainment (www.nickstarkaraoke.com) runs the show at Deemos on Wednesday nights from 9pm til 1am.  They are awesome.  They have the biggest selection of songs I've ever seen in my life AND their books are organized.  Their collection is digital.  Their mics are good.  They are fun and genuinely good people.  "Dear Nickstar, I am your biggest cheerleader.  You are the only reason Deemos is still in business.  They should thank you... and pay you extra."But now I have a problem.  I won't be going to Deemos anymore.  Unfortunately, Nickstar is having a censorship problem due to poor management (surprise) and a group of people who have apparently complained about being offended by some of the performances, namely those that incorporate the use of curse words.  Hmmm...  Bar + Drunk People = F-Bombs.  Isn't that a standard people have come to expect?  I can't imagine someone being offended by a couple of curse words IN A BAR.  But apparently, it's become a problem for some and a disappointment to others who enjoy flexing their 1st amendment rights (and their wicked ability to rock a mic).Honestly, I can't believe that Deemos would sell out like that.  Wait, actually it really doesn't surprise me that much.  The only thing I'm disappointed about is missing out on some great karaoke, but I can catch Nickstar in Tempe (and I will!).Deemos American Grill, I will never visit your establishment again and I won't miss it.  Shame on you.
2	This place is really not great. The fajitas are, to be generous, merely ok, and much of the fare is actually bad. but i go here weekly. b/c it is in my office building and the other option is quizno's. so, i would mainly recommend this if you work in my building and are too lazy to walk to quizno's. god, that's sort of a depressing thought...
1	Wow. This place sucks.Honestly, don't waste your time. The food is overpriced. The service is awful. I hate the parking structure. It's just a mess. A hot mess.How are they staying open?My arnold palmer was $2.50. The tea was flavored and tasted really gross with lemonade.We split the house salad which was obviously the prepackaged spring mix from Costco (or Sysco -- whatevs) Then we split a medium pesto, tomato, and basil pizza. The tomatoes were not ripe, the sauce was bland, and the pesto was non existent. And then the 30 pine nuts that were smashed into the cheese were overkill.The crust was fair.The server took my plate before I was finished and then set it back down after she realized my fork was in my mouth.So for two teas, a house salad, and a medium pizza our tab was $22 ??? Costco Pizza would have been better.Bleh.
3	Went here after seeing a movie in the Esplanade.  Drinks are a lot more reasonably priced here than Merc or Morton's.  Happy hour was from 3pm to 7pm.  They have expanded since I had been there last.  Room in the back seemed decent.  Check it out the next time you are in the area.
2	I really was expecting more for being at the Esplanade. I would think that they would have a minimum standard or something, right?Well, I had the grilled tuna melt. It was okay, nothing to write home about. My friend had a ham(?) sandwich and the soup, which he told the waitress was good but I noticed he didn't finish half of it.I guess this is more of a bar than a restaurant but the food was obviously a low priority, even though it was a little on the pricey side. None of the veggies in my sandwich were fresh; avocado was not even ripe. Fries sucked.Although the place was about 80% full, the wait staff still seemed surprised and ambivalent to see us come in.I should have listened to my friend when when walked by the Quizno's!
1	Don't even bother. This place is a ghost town with less than bright servers.
2	Was on my way to see a movie, thinking I could get a casual quick bite to eat, I didn't realize there are so few places to choose from in this immediate area. I stopped in here and picked a seat at the bar. It was about 530p on a Friday and I was one of maybe 6 people there. The bartender handed me a happy hour menu and a regular and convinced me on getting one of her "signature" margaritas. Well I looked over the regular and the happy hour menu. Some items were only like 30 cents below the regular price and another item (Edamame) was $3.98 on the regular menu and $4 on the happy hour menu. I decided on a Shrimp Cocktail ($9something on the regular menu and $6 on the happy hour). While waiting on my shrimp, I was served up this "signature" margarita. The rim ooozing with a strange red concoction. It was weird,  I asked what it was the bartender said it was chile and claimed that it was the key to making the margarita so great. [Hummm...ok?!]  I was brave enough to sample, which turned out to be some strange chile lime slime instead of salt. Ok?! Just weird I used the lime at the rim of my glass to wipe off this ooze when the bartender wasn't looking...she seemed so proud of this mess she was calling signature. Not one to waste liquor I finished it. The shrimp cocktail arrived and looked promising 6 good sized shrimp, garnished nicely. The cocktail sauce was spicy with lots of horseradish, which I enjoyed. The avocado was a nice compliment not too much. The Shrimp....over cooked, tough....but I ate 'em. The crackers, provided while still individually wrapped still had a taste like they came out of my grandma's purse. I ate the 2 crackers in the packet,  left the rest there and chased it all with my "signature" margarita. *shiver*   Safe to say given the options across the street and in the area I will not be headed back here if I have a choice.
3	I'm always perplexed when the staff knows nothing about their on-line specials. This time it was the Yelp ad. Luckily it was quickly resolved by the bartender this time which was refreshing. The place it's self is a pretty generic bar. I just had a few drinks along with the Crab Cakes which were actually pretty good.
1	Going down hill fast and signs of stopping! Sorry I have not reviewed this joint sooner. I have been going to Deemo's since they first opened at the Esplanade. The food and the service used to be fantastic! The Portabello mushroom burger was my fav! Now they can't get nothin right. The last time I had the burger it was different they swear its the same meat and everything but my taste buds don't lie. This burger was awful, maybe even freezer burnt. The huge mushroom was the best part. I tried the Philly cheese recently and um I really to prefer to have meat on my sandwich! This was the sorriest Philly steak ever! Barely to bites of meat all bread and not good bread either! Their crab cakes are awesome but the last time I got those they were under cooked and had bits of shell in them YUCK! Today I ordered eggs over medium and crisp bacon. I got eggs over easy and under cooked precooked bacon that was so thin you could see through! All this for 6.17! Plus tax! This is bad eggs and really bad bacon! YUCK!Don't bother dropping in here for the free app unless you go for the crab cakes and then leave. Just not what they used to be and it just keeps getting worse.Also on a side bar the service has gone way down hill to. The servers are not very bright here at least the ones I have come across over the past couple years.
3	This was one of the most hilarious and hardcore ab working nights I've had in a really really really long time!  The bartender was awesome and kept the drinks coming...  Sorry, can't comment on the food.  I'll go back, just for the people watching!
4	Cheap drink at happy hour and a free appetizer just for mentioning the Yelp ad. Great place to wet the whistle.
2	I met some friends here for lunch, the menu is a weird mosh of Italian, Mexican and American food....it is almost like they can't figure out what kind of restaurant they want to be. I ordered the cheese enchiladas which was probably the wrong choice at a non-Mexican restaurant, but I just wasn't feeling anything else. The two people who were with me got their food, and I was still waiting, and waiting and waiting. Finally the waitress came over and asked if anyone had been here to talk to me...isn't that her job? She said that they gave my dish to someone else by accident, so they are making me a "fresh" plate. My enchiladas finally arrive, and look like they were just slopped on the plate. i take a bite and guess what? They were barely warm! You would think that a "fresh" plate would be served piping hot! I took a few bites, but by now I was over them and late for a meeting. A waitress that was different than ours brought over our check, which included my enchiladas. I told her what the problem was, but she didn't seem to speak English very well and said she would go ask someone. They did take them off the bill, but that really should have been done automatically since the other people at my table were done with their food before I even got mine! The decor is odd too, it is like they are trying to be a sports bar, but maybe aren't sure, evidenced by the 6 plasma TVs sitting in the corner still in their boxes! If I have a say in the matter....I won't be returning to Deemos.
1	We came in here to have a few drinks before going across the street for dinner. As soon as we sat down at the bar, the bartender (who couldn't speak English very well) comes over. I immediately ask her to relay the happy hour specials. $3.99 house wines, and $2 drafts. My companion has a budlight draft, I choose a house pino grigio. We ended up staying for two rounds. The bartender disapears and we ask the "manager" for the check. After he brings it over we notice that my wine was $10 a glass. After explaining to the "manager" that we came in here for the happy hour. He says he will go ask the "owner" in back. He comes back, shrugs his shoulders and says that there is nothing he can do. Meanwhile the bartender (who can settle this) is still nowhere to be found. I explain to him that I live very close by and usually come here to watch football on sundays, but sadly I will not be returning. He says "Oh.... let me ask the owner again" and walks back. At that point, I had enough. It wasn't about the money. I stood up, left money on the bar and walked out. This place is a joke.
4	I'm in love with the street tacos and the only place for a great pesto pizza with chicken. friendly staff and had a blast at happy hour with my friends
1	Out of business, not surprising they have been going down hill for years.
