1	I hate this wal-Mart I hate it! Yes it's wal-mart and well they are always busy and large and what not. But this one is confusing and annoying. It makes me want to punch wal-mart in its face if it had one. The lay out is a freaking maze! Of course I know not all wal-marts are created equal. But this one clearly got the short end of the stick, the drop out, the designer few wish to speak about cause they are " different." Well wal-mart needs to bitch slap this lay out into one people can figure out cause right know it's one hot mess
2	I guess Walmart moved its Yelp page?  So I'll move my prior review.  What can you say. There was a time when Walmart was an industry leader by using inventory control techniques that made sure they were always on top of supply and there stores always had what you were looking for. Apparently inventory control, along with employee wages, and just employees in general, started cutting into the bottom line because Walmart has become the store Kmart became in the early 2000s. Understaffed by a bunch of people who are so underpaid they don't give a thought to doing a good job or caring to help anyone. The store looks like something out of a post apocalyptic movie with shelves half empty and disorganized. Some of the most basic items go unstocked for months.The Maricopa Walmart is one of the worst I have encountered in Arizona. I know they have low prices, but even those have steadily increased in the last few years. Poor stock, poor appearance/cleanliness and an overall we don't give a damn attitude best sum up the Maricopa Walmart.
2	Poorly organized Walmart. Borderline Ghetto. The layout is horrible. The only reason I go there is because it's close to home.
1	Update from last time, Still freaking hate it. The fact that we walked by a group of people that were doing gospel like prayers in the middle of the store while a women was in heavy meltdown, major crying moment, makes me question. WHAT THE HECK IS THIS PLACE!  Of course to each there own, I judge not, but it makes  it awkward to shop there when you need to get a shirt and some one is having a religious moment. I agree with every one, this is one ghetto strange wal-mart.
