3	I was so excited to try this place out. I came here for dinner and it was grand opening. When we enter the staff was just sitting and one of them got up to assist up.  This place is clean and the staff was friendly. Very patient as we decided on what to order. I'm a huge fan of chow fun (fried thick rice noodles) so I went ahead and order that. My friend order sweet and sour chicken. Our food came out and timely manner. My noodles were very tough are hard to chew.  Which is not good start. They're suppose to be soft. Ugh I never had a bad chow fun. But I will go back and try it again. Might be their first day so well see. Beside that it was good. My friend like the sweet and sour chicken but he didn't like how it was prepared. They serve it with the sauce on the side. He preferred it came already sauced up. The price was great about $10 and under. They had a few dishes that were $10 and above. They also do lunch specials until 4pm. I will definitely try it again.
4	Great lunch special! I was excited for the opening of this place, and was not let down. All in all it really is just a very standard chinese restaurant, but it is very tasty. I have tried the orange chicken and lemon chicken for the lunch special and both were good. I requested Orange beef on the special , but they would not do it. Which to me is confusing because they have beef plates, and orange chicken on the special. Why not combine them? That so far has been my only disappointment. I also really enjoy the chow-mein.The staff has been very nice so far. I will say that there is an older gentleman who worked there that has been there both times that I have visited that was very awkward. He just sat across the room from us with his head in his hands looking angry. SOO I dont know whats up with that, but ohwell. They are not quite 5 star. Nothing out of the ordinary for a chinese place. It is still a great place to get lunch or dinner though.
3	I was hoping this place would knock it out of the park. There are not many options like this that are as close to mi casa. Wife and I walked in and sat to read the menu. Nobody came over to us or greeted us so after a few minutes I went to the counter. The girl working took our order and was very nice. The food was ready in about 10 mins and we were given free "egg rolls". That was a nice gesture and I was grateful but they were not good at all. They have plenty of options so I will be back for some other types of dishes.-Chicken and Broccoli-not bad. I ordered extra chicken and there was plenty of broccoli. I would order again-Sweet and Sour Chicken- your average dish you would get anywhere. It was a nice portion-Crab Rangon- these were my favorite. Very creamy and not a lot of onions-Fried Rice- just mediocre, on the bland side
5	This place is amazing. Their chicken wings were cooked perfectly, and tasted fantastic. For a small, catering, takeout, delivery restaurant you would think this place would be really bad. But boy, was I wrong. Their menu was huge, with more than 70 dishes plus their specials and catering food! Their service is great, the staff were kind, and checked on us to see if we were doing okay. Most takeout places do not ask that. I even noticed they had half of a crispy roast duck, wow! Most orange chicken I've ever had was sitting out in the open (Panda Express). This orange chicken was freshly cooked. Hot, juicy, and flavorful. I know where I'm going Saturday to eat! Keep up the good work!
2	After reading some recent reviews posted here I will give this place 1 more try...my  updated review on China Wan Wan is pending...the weird thing is I stay across the street from this place and over the last few weeks I've passed by 50 times and I have only seen about 3 customers in there in all the times I've passed by.
4	Finally, a Chinese restaurant outside of Chinatown worth going to. not to mention I only live 5 minutes away. here's what we ordered: ( crab rangoons, egg drop soup, salt n pepper wings, Szechuan beef and roast duck ). I give hole in the wall spots a try atleast once because you just never know and I'm glad I found this place. it's clean and they have friendly staff. Food came out fast and everything tasted good. little refinements here and there and this place will blossom.
5	This place is legit ! I've had the sesame chicken , lemon chicken which is made different , sweet n sour pork , and egg rolls all delicious
5	First thing I noticed was the restaurant was very clean and the staff was very attentive. I got the #19 Combination Chow Mein which tasted great.  I also tried their Mango Bobs which was delicious. Definitely a place to check out!
5	I am so impressed with how good their food is. So far ive tried the orange beef, shrimp w/lobster sauce, combination fried rice, hot & spicy chicken, and hong kong style crispy noodles...everything i mentioned was DELICIOUS! And best part of all is they deliver to my house:)
5	I saw this place was officially open after a not so pleasant experience at Pizza Hut next door.  I decided to give them a try for lunch since I work from home and need something quick. I ordered the lunch special with orange chicken, fried rice and noodles.  I also added egg rolls and everything was superb!  Huge portions as always, and everything tasted great. Service was remarkable and the place was really clean.  I'll definitely be back since I live around the corner.
1	Just when you think they finally bring some good eats in the neighborhood :(   Service was good and fast.  We ordered multiple items from their menu and have to say they were all TERRIBLE...Panda Express Quality- if not worse.   Seemed items were prepared hours-weeks ago or even months ago...who the heck knows??? Everything we ordered lacked freshness, noodles seemed flat tasting-soggy , veggies not fresh, combo fried rice was like glue all stuck together with something that appeared to be shrimp.  Overall food lacked flavor, but our biggest complaint was nothing seemed 'fresh.  One would think with Chinese food things would be much more crisp and fresh...Oh well we tried...hope u don't waste your money ...Come on now China WanWan...your spanking new....step it up !!!
5	Finally a Chinese restaurant that does NOT disappoint me....I'm from New England and been living in Vegas for 2 1/2 years now and nothing even comes close to our food back east but I can finally say I was very pleased by this place, I'm actually very happy I can finally enjoy some Chinese food!!!! (and its only a minute from home)
1	Too much styrofoam. They have no real dishes. Hot soup is in a styrofoam bowl. Egg roll are all doughy
3	The staff could have been friendlier.  We were greeted by "What do you want?"  The food was O.K.  We ate there and everything was in Styrofoam.   I was expecting some plates.  The price wasn't bad. I will give it another try.
5	I have been driving by this place for weeks now and finally I got to try this place out last night! I am so happy there's finally a great Chinese restaurant close by me. I ordered the salt and pepper chicken, shrimp pad Thai, and their Szechwan beef! It was delicious! The pad Thai was not as good as real pad Thai, but it was good enough to fill my expectations.  The place was very small but intimate. I like how you can see the chefs cooking your food and they have boba's!!! They also have lunch specials which is priced very reasonable!
5	Being stuck in an office were we rarely have the chance to eat outside food, delivery idea is awesome!!! plus in addition, you order online as a convenience. The delivery service is super fast. average has been about 20 minutes from confirming order.Food is super hot when it arrives and boba is delicious!! I wont complain!!! Awesome!!!!
5	It's amazingly good. Three words. Fresh, fast, quality. No more review that it !! Go try out !!
4	Definitely happy I found this place on Yelp.The restaurant is nice and clean, the service was good, and the menu is big enough to satisfy anyone's Chinese food craving. I should point out that this is an American Chinese restaurant in a strip mall on Boulder Highway in Hendertucky, those craving "authentic" should head into Chinatown. The food was prepared very well, came out very quick, not oily at all and I was happy that my 1 1/2 year old found somethings to enjoy :)Ordered:Cashew Chicken - I always order this extra spicy and they delivered as promised. Really enjoyed the flavor and the chicken/veggie ration was excellent. Could of use some more cashews.Shrimp Mu Shu - If you like fried egg, then this Mu Shu will be right up your alley. Yes, there was plenty of shrimp, but instead of the rest being veggie filler there was a real good amount of stir fried egg.Beef w/string beans - served in a black bean sauce which was nice and garlicky. Again, good meat/veggie ratio and this was one of the dished my little boy loved.Hot & Sour soup: More flavor than some of the other places, the only way it could of been better is if it had a bit more seafood in it.Egg rolls - A free bonus. They call them egg rolls, but if anything they were closer to spring rolls as they didn't seem to contain any meat. A little oily by nature, but they kept their crunch through the night, this was the other item my little boy really enjoyed.We are definitely giving this place another shot, their half roast duck looks good and we really want to try their fried tofu dishes.
3	Decent Food. Good Customer Service.We ordered the salt and pepper chicken wings and while they were tasty, it was like they added five spice seasoning to it and well, I just didn't expect that on Salt & Pepper Chicken Wings.Beef Chow Fun is alright. My noodles were a bit too soft for me but it had decent flavor.I ordered a shrimp dish and it was very plentiful with shrimp. I was actually surprised by how much.What i love here is the taro boba. For $3 bucks and some change you get a very large drink. That makes my belly very happy. They also mango and strawberry flavor but I have yet to try those.Overall, China Wan Wan is good to me. I will continue to order from them if chinese carry out strikes my fancy.
3	The fact that they are the only Chinese place in this neighborhood and they deliver kept me going back trying new things.  I was here opening day and have been back several times, each time hoping to find something better.  It is average at best and I am not a picky Chinese food eater.  I just thought nothing was great.  I keep trying new things but nothing has impressed me.  I am really surprised by all the good reviews.  I'm sure I will try them again and will update if the food gets better.
5	Delisous !!!! Near my house love that and best Chinese food in Las Vegas / henderson. I have gone a few times and it's great always. My hubby is from NYC and he loves it. He's very hard to please with Chinese food. Wonton soup is great as is sesame chicken.
5	Not only do I love saying this name, but their food taste amazing!  I grew up on Chinese Food so I won't be satisfied with just any wok fried entree. I did my usual test when eating at a new restaurant. I ordered shrimp fried rice and boy was it yummy! After I felt there was now some sort of trust built I ordered sesame chicken. Not every restaurant can make that delicious sweet sauce that coats EVERY bite, so I was very impressed with the deliciousness of the chicken.I also ordered Mongolian beef. It was the MOST tender beef I've had in a very long time. Who wants Mongolian Jerky??!! This is a fairly new restaurant so I hope they not only stick around long term, but stay consistent in their cooking style. I love how they are in uniform and how the kitchen is exposed to the public. I've peeked at their ingredients being prepared and everything looks fresh in color, and chopped to perfection. Reasonably priced considering you pay a lot more at competitors, receive less, with mediocre taste. China Wan Wan is my new hidden gem.
1	This place should be called China 9 Wan Wan. This place was awful. After reading all the reviews I thought I would give them a try. Bad mistake, we ordered the Pad Thai and Egg Foo Young both were absolutely awful. We have eaten many Chinese places and Thai places, this place is just terrible. The chicken didn't taste like chicken, not going to say it was dog but it wouldn't surprise me. When you go in, one of the chefs just stands there as if this is a Bruce Lee flick and he is waiting for his next opponent to fight. Not friendly and the food was disgusting. DO NOT GO THERE... save yourself the trip and go to Bangkok 9 or china one. This is my first review and probably my last, I just had to warn my fellow citizens.
4	Been here a few times and ordered delivery, all times were quick, easy and pleasant.Family oriented, friendly staff and decent food! Lots to choose from - few items my family and I have tried and liked are : Szechuan Beef, Vegetable Egg Foo Yung, Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings, Crispy Duck and Eggplant Tofu!Some items need work but glad this place is really close by, if there's ever a need for delivery and/or Chinese food!
4	I have now come back a couple of more time and I have to say the staff is so friendly.  The food is really good.  I have had some food delivered and it came quick and was still really hot.  I would recommend this place to anyone.  Thanks China Wan Wan!
3	This place is 50/50. Some dishes are amazing and some are not really good. Fried wantons and crab rangoons are so good. The black bean fish fillet lunch special is really good to. I was expecting one or two pieces nd I opened it nd there were about 10 pieces. Really good deal. The chow mien nd fried rice is really generic though. It feels like it was frozen. Doesn't taste really good. The hot garlic chicken is also generic, the sauce is really watery nd that's what has the flavor and the chicken and vegetables and drenched into it . I'm guessing other dishes might taste amazing and it was a 50/50 experience. But overall for the price I was satisfied. Definately get the crab rangoons and fried wantons though. I'm going to go back after work just to buy some.
5	For only being open for 7 months you guys are great! Manager is nice and the food is great! And I'm picky with food. :D
5	Chinese cuisine is my favorite food and good food in this cuisine is hard to find. I am from LA and we were just visiting for the weekend. I was craving Chinese food so bad, but I don't know the area. I looked at a few reviews and we chose China Wan Wan. Best choice I made that weekend, let me tell you. It is a quick food joint, not a nice sit down kinda place. Plates and other utensils are disposable, it is an order at the counter kind of spot. The staff was SO GREAT!!! This being our first time in, he was very quick to make sure that we had exactly what wanted, even if we didn't know how to order it. He suggested Mongolian beef, which was fantastic. It was spicy and flavorful, as it should be. We ordered an appetizer combo plate, which was fried deliciousness, chicken chow mien, fried rice and orange chicken. I have nothing to bad to say about any of it. My family ate family style, there were three of us, and we still had plenty of food left over. Pricing was cheap. For the quality of food we got and the amount we got, we got a fantastic deal. I can not wait to return!
5	I love the food! Their crispy duck tastes authentic. Their fried rice is really good. Go there for their lunch special. The only drawback is during summer it can get hot inside.
1	It is hot over here,make sure you bring own AC . I think they never turn on the AC ,even they already had one . Maybe it is for display only never seen that work.
5	My family loves eating at China Wan Wan.  Whether we are getting to-go, delivery or eating in they always remember us and are very nice.  We love the food, the war won ton soup is the best we have ever had!!  Just love the freshness and they definitely don't skimp on the veggies! A must eat when we have Chinese.
3	Note: I only give out 5 stars to surprisingly EXCEPTIONAL, best-in-class establishments.  After driving about 5 hours from the LA area to my in-laws' home in Vegas, I placed a pick-up order since my wife & baby were tired from travel.  (I only say this because it might affect the taste/quality of the food since it took me time to get to the restaurant & about 15 mins. to drive back.)We ordered the General Tso's Chicken, Salt & Pepper Pork Chops & an order of sauteed bok choy (at least, that's what I ordered).  I would have given this place 4 stars since the food was surprisingly good, but I have to subtract a star since I experienced something that annoys me about many Chinese restaurants: you don't get what you ordered.  When I placed the phone order, I had a convo with the order taker that led me to believe I was ordering sauteed bok choi--I received sauteed cabbage (NOT bok choi, more like napa).  Chinese cabbage can refer to both types, but bok choi is only one type of the two.  If you don't have bok choi, say so, and I'll order something else! Nonetheless, the food was surprisingly tasty, with a decent amount of spiciness and not too much sauce.  Despite the bok choi issue, I would order food from China Wan Wan again.  The servers are very friendly and courteous, which is a very nice plus.
4	This place has great variety on their menu. I've ordered delivery and they are always very professional. My favorites are the beef with brocoli and won ton soup!
5	Been here 3 times in 2 weeks!  I love the hot and spicy chicken and sesame beef. Try the potstickers and crab Rangoon. Small small, but busy. Try it, you will love it
5	Great service quick and easy to order family place great food decent prices a must if around this area!
1	I was really excited to try this place since they just opened close to my house and delivered ! I ordered online which was easy and arrived in about 30 mins. Delivery man was extremely rude he did not bring any of the condiments I requested (forks knives plates fortune cookies soy sauce sweet and sour sauce) and when asked to come back with it he said OK but never did ! He refused to give me a copy of my receipt also! Tried calling the restaurant to speak to manager but they HUNG UP on me!! Food was bland and tasteless ! Crab rangoons were burnt .. Eggplant was ok but certainly not the best .. Chicken with broccoli was disgusting my kids spit it out ... Hong Kong style noodles absolutely gross .. All in all  super disappointed with this place ! Horrible service and gross food .. Never coming back here unless management changes and new cooks are hired
3	We came here on a Thursday evening and ordered 1. Combination fried rice, 6.95 2. Hot garlic chicken, 8.953. Beef chow fun, 7.954. Honey walnut shrimp, 11.955. White rice, included with meal 6. 2 fried vegetable egg rolls, on the housefor $41- Fast food. Really. They made all our food in less than 10 minutes. Walnut shrimp took the longest. - Too much batter on walnut shrimp. Poor texture as if it were orange chicken.- Hot garlic chicken had good flavoring. Vegetables need finer chopping. - Horrible presentation. Reminded me of eating at Big Wong's but with EVEN MORE styrofoam. haha. Borderline food court status.- Nice service. - Chow fun and fried rice not too oily. Pretty good and nice portion. Comparable to LV Chinatown- Not like Panda. Better than Pei Wei. Out of League of dim sum Chinese style. In the middle. - Similar taste to food in a Chinese restaurant in a California Indian reservation casino- Best served to-go. Wouldn't want to dine-in again.
5	Best Chinese food I've had. Everything is fresh made, even pot stickers made fresh. Everything I've eaten here has been fantastic. General tsos chicken is my favorite, Mongolian Beef, noodles, rice, pepper steak, I could go on and on. I won't go anywhere where else again. And great lunch specials.
5	I give this place 5 stars for the chicken wing appetizer alone!!!!!!!!!!  Stopped here for a light dinner.  BF ordered the wonton soup, I the vegetable soup and we were going to split the chicken wings but I ended up eating most of them.  They are served on a bed of lettuce with a tomato-onion dressing/topping?   The man who brought them promised us that we would like them and he was right!  They were so light and crispy, not greasy and sooooooo tasty!!  The soup had lots of vegetables, the broth was not greasy and had a wonderful taste.  Service was very quick even though they had a lot of to go orders being processed.  The restaurant itself is very casual, I do not recommend sitting near the door if it is windy or cold.  The staff is very polite, service is quick!  Our water glasses were kept full and the food was hot and so tasty.  We have since ordered delivery which arrived quickly and the food was still piping hot.  We've called for pick up and the food was ready fast and still piping hot by the time we got home.  Their pork egg foo young is so good, the sauce has vegetables in it and the egg foo young is not the least bit greasy while cooked good throughout.  We really like this place and will e
2	The food is okay, but the service really is disappointing, so disappointing I'll just give the food back and I got it delivered. Why does it takes 15 minutes, asking the gate code to my house? That's like getting lost in a dead in? Then food was cold and they fuck up on my order and I ordered online. First time and last time very disappointed
4	This place is awesome! Close to my house AND they deliver! I got the Singapore rice noodles, I was pleasantly surprised with the taste and slow heat as you eat! I am a VERY picky person and I ate everything in my box! I think this will be my new Chinese restaurant! I'm thoroughly impressed! Keep it up!
4	For good service , good food , good portions , and good prices,  China Wan Wan is what you're  looking for.  It is a small amd CLEAN dine-in and take out restaurant . As soon as you walk in , they  are ready to serve you. The staff is very  friendly and stay attentive  should you need anything while  you're  eating. If you have lunch  from 11am-4pm , you can enjoy any of their 17 LUNCH SPECIALS ! The lunch specials  are served with fried rice , chow mein , and soup of the day (usually corn egg flower soup), and of course your choice of entree for $5.95-$6.55 (no drink included) .  The food is really good and it keeps me coming back. I will definitely recommend this place  to friends and family when they are in this area.
