3	This place practically opened in the blink of an eye - or so it seemed. One day I was walking past it and it struck me that Pink Olive must have sprung up over night, because I had never noticed before. When I explained this to my friend, she laughed and suggested we went to try it out. Over all, I liked Pink Olive - it was stylish, friendly and had a great atmosphere - if it was a bit too lud and the tables seemed very crammed together. The food was pretty good, despite being from a menu which - if I'm truthful - didnt fill me with hope. The food was a tad over seasoned too, but I just took it to be a one off as other than that it I did enjoy it. Price wise Pink Olive was reasonable, and I would come back again.
4	I quite like pink olive! It's a really nice place to go for a lunch with the girls, or boys, or both. It's quite stylish in its own little way - it doesn't try to be cool or chic, it's just happy in its own skin, which is kinda refreshing! It's in a good location too, just off Edinburgh University's main campus, and as a result I think they have tried to get as much custom as they can, and cramming in the tables to accommodate.It's a nice place if you're looking for somewhere easy, simple and really pleasant! To quote Arnie, I'll be back.
4	This small restaurant close to George Square has a surprisingly good brunch on Sundays. After hearing mixed opinions about the place I decided to try it myself and was pleasantly surprised. They have a choice between healthy brunch, a hearty Sunday roast and everything in between (including yummy pancakes).Despite its rather strange appearance and name, its interior I found a lot more appealing. Its prices were very student friendly. I myself did not have enough room for a dessert, but my friend had the homemade ice-cream and the spoonful I stole was delicious.
4	What can I say? Pink Olive is cah-yute! And a little bit cuddly. Definitely lives up to the pink in it's name! After multitudes of arguments as to where deliveres a good Sunday Roast (by the way, still don't have an answer for that!), a bit of Yelping didn't get us much farther... except for Pink Olive. Never ask a veggie where to go for a Sunday Roast...Pink Olive delivered an apparently delicious roast, complete with roasties baked in dripping (ie. not good for veggies) - I tucked into a rather pleasant green pepper and black olive tagine - not particularly memorable I have to admit, but pleasant nonetheless and note to self... much better than my attempts at a tagine. Myself and my nephew also knocked back a Pink Olive Mojito - a virgin cocktail of crushed raspberries, cranberry juice, lime and mint (and gomme) which was a tasty way to sink the afternoon. Overall, Pink Olive has a nice wee bistro vibe going on. Good music, good food, good staff. Can't go wrong with that now, can you!
4	I hadn't spotted Pink Olive, previously, so was very pleasantly surprised by my visit. The place is very neat, the dishes very good, and the service very friendly.Overall, we said: "I was very impressed with Pink Olive. They served me two excellent dishes and great coffee. I hope to pay a return visit soon, as their breakfast and brunch options, which I saw sampled by some of the other diners, looked delectable, also. I'd recommend you pay them a visit soon, too."
4	Tasty food, friendly service, and value for money. What else can I say? I am a fan of Pink Olive.I love their soups. My favourite is the beetroot and apple. They've got sandwich and soup combos as well. Hmm, what else? I like the baked coley fillet. Never tried their haggis, but heard its good.As a last note, they've got the credit crunch lunch deal. Can't remember the price of this deal exactly, but can remember it was a very good deal!
