4	Got a decent deal on Groupon so we decided to make a balloon ride our anniversary/my birthday present. The staff were very friendly and respectful, the ride was very smooth and memorable; and afterwards there was a champagne and goodie "picnic" where we all got to socialize while they packed up the gear.Any more than 4 passengers/basket will be a tight squeeze and sort of uncomfortable after a while; so if you can afford a private ride for less I recommend that; otherwise I recommend organizing a group of folks that you don't mind rubbing up against ;)
5	Yesterday my 2 children and I celebrated my Dad's 75th Birthday with a Hot Air Balloon Ride over Gilbert. It has been my Dad's dream to soar above Gilbert so he could see his home from above. What an adventure we had. Ironically we took off right across the street from my home and soared west towards my dad's. The view from above was spectacular. Shane was our pilot. His professionalism and focus on maintaining our safety. Made our trip a memorable one. Knowing there is no guarantee where the winds would take us, Shane fulfilled my Dad's dream. We have great shots of both of our homes from above!. Thanks Shane for a great ride. I highly recommend Aerogellic Ballooning.
5	My best friend and I went on a 5am hot air balloon ride for her birthday last Friday and IT WAS AMAZING. I booked our ride a few weeks in advance with Jessica and was able to get the date we wanted with no problem. The meeting location was easy to get to, Shane, the pilot, was hilarious, knowledgeable, made us feel safe, and the view over Gilbert was phenomenal. I would definitely recommend Aerogelic!
5	Woke up extra early to take this balloon flight was expecting to find the balloon already waiting for us that was not the case.  This was the greatest to see how they actually put the balloon together with the basket then we boarded the balloon basket.It was so well done that we were so comfortable and had the best flight thanks to Shane, Sean and Mario.
5	Aerogelic Ballooning has always been one of my favorite ballooning companies in the Phoenix area.  I've previously worked for 2 separate broker companies partnering with Aerogelic Ballooning and our customers consistently gave great reviews and never a complaint for this hot air balloon company.  I would highly recommend Aerogelic Ballooning to my friends, family, and even my current boss who lives in Glibert.  He may actually be getting an Aerogelic Ballooning Gift Certificate from me this year for Christmas!  Compared to other hot air balloon companies that operate in the Phoenix area, Aerogelic offers a very personable experience.  With smaller baskets than some of their competition, Aerogelic's balloon rides provide great visibility and tons of fun.  I had the pleasure of meeting up with Aerogelic's owner in Albuquerque where he invited me to dine with his family and crew over breakfast after a morning flight.  The crew is loyal knowledgeable, and always strive for the best customer experience that can be provided.
5	Our family celebrated my mother's 80th birthday with a balloon ride.  We wanted to fly out of the East Valley (Chandler/Gilbert area).  Aerogelic Ballooning was the only one taking off in this area.  They have a very safe flying record.  Shane's experience, great stories, and humor made this a wonderful flight.  We thoroughly enjoyed our day and flight.  Would recommend Shane and this company to anyone.
5	Is there anything that brings smiles to peoples' faces better than a balloon? My kids and I have been  watching balloons in the area for the last 4 years. We consider living  in an area that is conducive to ballooning a definite plus!  We have watched many, many landings and I can only say that this crew makes it look easy! Obviously lots of experience and talent here... top notch professionals.   When I look around at those who come to see the landings, everyone is happy... laughing, clapping, smiling. Kids and adults alike want to see and touch the larger than life balloon.  The crew is very kid-friendly. We recently had the luxury of going on a flight and all I can say is AWESOME!  I hope Chandler is still a place for balloons in the future when my 2 young kids are grown.
1	Aerogelic Ballooning didn't cancel our reservation for our ride until 16 hour prior.  We had no opportunity to rebook this event in a timely manner.  I had purchased this as a gift for my parents who flew into town specifically for this event.  They stated we can upgrade to a private flight for only $699!  Not accomodating at all with the situation and they SHOULD have canceled in a resonable manner as noted on their policy.  Policy is for US to cancel 72 hours in advance or they will charge us a fee.  It should work both ways.
5	These guys rock! I took my whole family on a balloon ride for my Mom's birthday. We did the sunrise ride mid March. The winds were too high on our original day and so we went the next day. The team that helped us were very original and you could tell their love of flight. They were friendly, explained any questions that we had, and took us on an excellent balloon adventure. A great tradition and toast we had on a beautiful morning! The estimated time that was given was spot on for total time to plan for this. Thank you for an awesome memory!!
5	My boyfriend and I had a fantastic time up in the sky!! It was my Xmas present and it was so much fun! I thought I was going to be scared to death being lifted off the ground at 100 miles an hour and floating into things.  That totally did not happen. The balloon slowly lifted up and off we went! The landing was also smooth with no complications, although we were forewarn that it could be bumpy if the wind picked up.  It was light and felt like I was on cloud 9 admiring the scenic beauty of our city and desert. Shane was extremely funny and my boyfriend got a kick out of his humor.I read a few of the negative reviews on here, and I'd just like to say, 8 passengers is not overcrowded at all for the smaller basket. Each pocket can easily fit two people that totaled 600lbs from my speculation. My boyfriend and I totaled 370lbs and had plenty of room to move around. So unless you are super obese, I don't see an issue. I would highly recommend them for an experience well done! Thanks!!
5	Had a great time, Shane and Andy were funny, knowledgeable and excellent pilots. Great anniversary present for my wife :) get a group of friends together and he may give you a good group rate ;) besides its more fun with friends!
5	Aerogelic was amazing...while everyone else was ballooning over the barren and bland desert we had an amazing experience over an area where we could see the city, camelback, and tons of cool vegetation and buildings. Our pilots were amazing and talked to is the whole time about ballooning and it's history as well as providing us tons of cool facts about Arizona. They were all very hilarious and friendly and made the experience def. worth it. Got champagne and pastries after we landed at a scenic desert location. Also received certificates and champagne flutes. Got the trip on living social and went with family and friends. Paid $100 but looking back it would definitely been worth paying even twice that. The guys we flew with were Shane, Andy, and Sean...they were all very funny and knowledgable and were def an integral part of making the experience amazing!
5	Would highly recommend ballooning with Aerogelic!Arrived at the pickup station (in Phoenix) on time and Shane, Andy, and Sean were ready and waiting. After quickly signing some waivers, we were on our way to the ballooning location. When we asked if it would be ok for a quick restroom stop, they had no issues, even stopping at a 2nd location when the 1st wasnt available. They prepped us with what to expect, where to stand when the balloon was being inflated and said if we wanted to help they would let us. The setup was the most interesting part...the work these guys do to get an 8 story balloon ready to go is impressive. After helping (such a fun experience) we all fit into the balloon and were up up and away. We soared to 3,000 ft getting amazing views of the area. We even got a chance to fly closer to the ground briefly back up letting the winds take us. We were able to see all sorts of vegetation, mountains, and suburb locations all making for interesting conversations. We were a group of 6 in a balloon (+ 2 for the pilots) and had more than enough room. During the flight, they were quite knowledgeable about flying, the area, and the history of ballooning (such a great ending to the trip). Side story: while flying relatively low, I dropped my sunglasses by accident and thought it was a loss (would have been 100% my fault)...but Sean was driving behind us and managed to get them back to me without a scratch! Super lucky for sure but it really shows that these guys are willing to go that extra mile.If youre looking to book (especially in a group)... book with Aerogelic, theyre down to earth, LOVE what they do, and make the experience that much better.
5	This was our first hot air balloon experience and we loved it! I would not hesitate to book with Aerogelic Ballooning!
