1	this is a business located in the fry's grocery strip mall on mckellips and recker I wont say much but don't bother the waitless girl was about as pleasent as a hemroid the beer selection sucked. I belive the owner was there at least the guy looked like the owner. it's always amazing to me how the service can be so horrible w/owner in house.
1	The place is called DESERT PEAKS now. I and 3 coworkers went yesterday for lunch. Our company relocated our office off of McKellips. We have been trying to look for a good lunch place. DESERT PEAKS has now been crossed off our list. We must have gotten the hemorrhoid waitress also. She was not attentive to our needs at all. She was more concerned on flirting for tips with her bar patrons. It took 30 min for us to receive our food. (there was only one other table for 2 seated) When she brought our food out to us she placed it in front of us and immediately turned and walked off. She did not ask if everything looked ok or if she could bring us anything else. I actually  did need sauce and cheese for my italian sausage sandwich and my friend needed ranch for her fries. I sat without touching my meal hoping she would come and check on us. The waitress never came back. After 15 minutes my friend finally got her attention to come to the table. I asked for my sauce & cheese and ranch. She took my plate. Then came back said she forgot what the other request was. We told her ranch. She brought back the ranch and my plate. My fries were now cold. One of my friends had pizza. His dough was not baked in the middle. It was very soggy and alot of grease was formed on the top from the pepperoni. It was a HORRIBLE experience. She was a crappy waitress and the food was less than average. This is coming from someone that eats lunch out 5 times a week.
4	Well it's a dive, free pool, great service, awesome nachos, every football game, I wish they had better happy hour specials. If they had good happy hour deals I would give them five. I'm a regular so my views may be tainted, ha!
1	I've ordered carry out pizza at least a dozen times from this place.  It has always been pretty good, especially the crust.  Tonight they screwed up the order, which I didn't realize until I got home.  When I called to let them know, I was told the only way to make it right was for me to come back in for another pizza tonight.  A guy that I assume is the manager told me he made what I ordered (not possible), they don't give credit, and apparently just to be a smart ass told me they have buy on get one free on Monday but not today.  I told him I won't be coming back and he said "OK, fine".
4	If you live within 3 miles of this place.....it's your local "Grille".  It is a place to go after work or an after "workout" place to get  drink.  Jen the bartender, is awesome.  It's like walking into your local Starbucks and she already is making your drink.  Yes, this place is in a shopping mall pad, so the atmosphere is all locals...but I think that's why we all come here.  The staff knows who comes on Mondays, Tues. Weds.....that's us!!!! etc.  Due to the fact, we only come here after our workouts.....we have only had their veggie pizza...not bad.  But, Jen makes a great a low calorie concoction...which  I can't name right now-working on the patent.  You come here because the bar service is great and they have cold beer!!
1	I had been here once before a couple years ago. I should have stayed away. The gyro meal was terrible with no taste. I do not recommend. The bartender and waitress seemed nice though.
2	Based on name alone, this place sounds like a restaurant that also has a bar.  In reality, it's a bar that happens to have food as well.  If you look at it that way, this place is just fine... great if you want a bar, not so great if you want a restaurant.  Although I've only been for lunch, I'm sure this is a fun place for happy hour or hanging out after work/on the weekends.  Like previous reviews have said, it's a dive and frequented by a lot of locals.  It's clean and there are a number of TV's.  It's just not a lunch spot.  It's got that dark bar atmosphere inside, and their sandwiches are nothing to write home about.  To be fair, I have not tried their pizza, which is their showcased menu item.  And their onion rings are fantastic.  If you come for a beer and stick to bar food I think you'll enjoy yourself.  The waitress/bartender who helped me both times I went (not sure if it was the same lady both times) was efficient and pleasant.  I won't be back for lunch, but maybe I'll try out the happy hour some day.
