1	How to Lose $627 in a WeekHave you ever had a spare $627 lying around that made you sick every time you looked at it? Would you like to quickly get rid of that excess money that just won't go away on its own? Well, Wonder Travel Inc. has the solution!  Just sign up for their 4 day trip to New York, make sure to get a verbal confirmation that the trip won't be canceled, and watch the money disappear when the trip does in fact become canceled just a day later!  It's so easy, anyone can do it! An agent will call you to inform you that the trip has been canceled, you will ask for your money back, and they will confirm that your refund will be issued in seven business days (yuck! A refund!) Seven business days later, PayPal will inform you that no money has been refunded, you'll attempt to contact Wonder Travel Inc. by email and phone four times, and no one will answer or reply to your letters! Soon, you will be urged to drive two hours from Ottawa to Montreal to speak to the office directly.  This is where the fun part starts. Grab a sandwich, grab your loved ones, and settle in for the show: a woman will yell at you, refuse to give you back the money because in their system you are noted as saying you would gladly go on a different trip with the company instead of getting a refund (no confirmation, no proof of this, nothing!).....fists will be pounded on the table, followed by screaming (not for the faint of heart), and finally you will be told that you just aren't getting your money back and that's not their problem.  It's so easy, and you'll never see that pesky money again...unless you contact Paypal, open a dispute, escalate the dispute, have your dispute be rejected, contact your bank, and have them re-open the case.........then and only then, if you really have to have those gross dollar bills back...they shall be yours.Ask for Margot if you want the special. You'll know you're getting it when you start to feel threatened!On a serious note, do not ever deal with these ridiculous people. Despicable customer service, horrendous work ethic, disorganized, a complete mess, exceptionally rude...and it took almost two months to get my money back.  One of the most stressful situations I've ever encountered.
1	Hi Alisa,Thanks for your review. I am having the same problem (they have cancelled the trip and didn't reimburse me). I have tried to contact them by email, phone calls and no answer at all. I went to their office around 17:30 on Monday and they were closed (accordingly to their working hours they were supposed to close at 18:00).Their website is not online anymore.Can you tell me who solved your problem? PayPal?  The bank? I have opened a dispute with PayPal but so far I have no news.
