5	This was my first ATV free roam trip at the Nellis Dunes location, and it was so much fun!!!!!!!!  3 riders, 2 hour, at 125 per person.   I felt that was the best 125 i've spent at Vegas.Nellis dunes offers steep hills,  ATV/Dirt Bike "park" with large bankings, sand dunes.  The sand dunes area has a good view of Vegas strip from afar. As an added bonus, we saw 4 F15 flying in formation as we were riding. I know i 'll be back for sure!Tip: Bring long sleeve, sun block,  and water
5	I had an awesome time ATVing yesterday with this company. They provided transportation to and from the Nellis Dunes and we were able to free-roam for 2 hours through a wide variety of terrain (sand, dirt, hard-pack gravel, loose gravel, hills, hairpin turns, dirtbike type hills). The Trail Boss 330's were more than enough to be able to climb steep hills, even those covered in sand. It was like a 15,000 acre playground. They provide helmets, goggles, and riding gloves but definitely bring sun block, water and long sleeves as mentioned by the other review.I will definitely rent from this company again!
5	An awesome part of our bachelor extravaganza this past weekend.  Initially was set up for 12, the 6 who survived the strip club the night before barely made the 10am pick up (originally 9.30am).  Steve was flexible about it, and we requested him to even take us to the convenient mart to fuel our bodies though it was on our time.  We ended up riding for 1.5 hours instead of the full 2 but well worth it than passing out and falling off the ATV.The terrain was amazing, remember the arcade game "Off road"?  It was just like that, but instead of being behind a plastic steering wheel, this is the real deal with miles and miles of bumps, humps and dirt.  Not sure exactly where he took us but it didn't matter, it was fantastic and the 3 hours of sleep didn't phase us one bit.I was fine in a tshirt, shorts and sunscreen.  They provide helmets, gloves and goggles but you can wear sunglasses instead.  When you're following too close behind the other, you'll be eating a lot of dust/dirt so those times i wish I had goggles.  Stay on trail or you might encounter a cactus.  On the way back, sleep deprivation finally caught up to us, we slept upright and there was even an un-sheeted bed/mattress in the RV but I'll pass.Now every time I come out to Vegas, you bet I'll be setting up another ATV ride with these guys.  Free-roam and tour guide-less has given me a new appreciation for ATVing.  Well worth the cost!!!
4	If you have an independent spirit and would rather travel on your own, renting from Steve definitely gives you more liberty than some of the other ATV tours in the area.First, my BIG TIP to those who are simply directionally clueless or map illiterate (like me): we used our cell phone to mark our starting location on Google maps for the ATV tour. Without it, we would have been hopelessly lost trying to find our way back since we got so disoriented after the lake bed. Definitely bring some way to GPS track yourself if you're unfamiliar with the area.We arranged for a 2 hr rental (not really a tour, since we went on our own). Meet Steve at the address on Yelp (it is in a residential, not business/touristy area), and he drove us in his truck to the Jean Roach Lake Bed area. He did tell us he used to take parties to Nellis but Nellis has gotten more dangerous lately with reckless riders. Once at the area, we were given a map and some general guidance in terms of where to head (or not to head).We spent the first 45 minutes driving through gravel/stony and sandy terrain before we found the LARGE lake bed. It was a blast going fast on the lake bed as it was simply a large and flat terrain with a little manmade pond in one section where you could go up and down mounds of dirt around the pond. We did not have enough time to do this but had we not stuck around the lake bed we could have also driven into the surrounding mountains for even better trails. Overall, it was a great time and we enjoyed have the freedom to time and pace our 'tour' the way we want.If you want a different experience than the usual "follow the leader" approach of most ATV tours, this is it.
4	The service was great!  The pick-up was on time.  Lots of freedom after getting to various points.  We all had a blast!
