5	WOW!  A gym that I love at first sight.  Let's start off with the receptionist; friendly, not pushy and laid back.  I needed to get in a workout ASAP and she did not make me go on the obligatory tour/sales pitch walk.  I was told that this platinum location has free bottled water and towel service, yay!  Also, the locker rooms have digital locks so no need to bring your own pad lock, another plus!  Once I entered the womens locker room I felt like I was at a spa; great lighting, well equiped "dressing" area to include hair dryers and tioletries needed for getting ready at the gym as well as TV's.  The members seemed very friendly and I was told that they have a cap on memebership to keep the club from being crowded.  What a novel idea.They have a great collection of cardio machines that have a flat screen TV attached to each one.  The assortment of weight machines as well as free weights is plentiful as well.  They offer classes that are part of your membership rather than paying out for them individually.  The average member ship is around $35/month; not a bad deal at all for what you get.Other notable items:  1)  the gym is attached to the ice den so you can watch ice skating while you workout.2)  great music.  they were playing Mazzy Star while I was there.3)  it seemed to be douche free, a rarity in Scottsdale4)  they offer a clothing store if you need or want anything5)  free WIFI6)  massage services available7)  personal trainingI was told that not all the locations have the same ammenities so check your local Mountainside Fitness for their offerings.  This location is smaler than most so I was told.
4	Who doesn't want to watch the Coyotes practice when working out? That's what I call some inspiration. Mountainside Fitness truly is my place to go and sweat. The people are nothing short of welcoming and who doesn't love their own personal tv on their cardio equipment? (Finally I can watch something other than ESPN!) Forget your ipod? No worries, the playlist on the overhead is always good, and the equipment is always clean and working. It's a nice change from the 24 hour fitness' chaos. Only concern is that there can be a lot of personal training sessions going on in the late morning hours. I would say go early morning for your pick of anything, or late afternoon. Trust me, this is a gym you will love. (and it's at a price that is much more affordable than some other luxury gyms in the area). Go get your stair-thrower on!
5	Been a member here for 7 years.  Its kinda my home away from home.  I'm there 4-5 times a week (at least I try to be) during the evenings.  Even during its most busy time, 5-7pm, it's never too crowded.  Their equipment is brand new and the gym has a great layout.  It's less of a social club than the big one on Shea Blvd. which is what I'm looking for.  Still, you get to know the regulars that work out there if you ever need a spot.  The staff is great.  They are friendly and helpful, but not so talkative that it gets annoying.  Locker room (with steam and showers) is a bonus.  Also, its nice to watch some live hockey action and grab some cold air in between sets.  See you there.
4	This is a great smaller gym and I tried to convince myself to join. In the end, it just didn't offer a wide enough array of weight machines or free weights... and the other Shea location isn't convenient for me.  Its perfect for my girlfriend who does mostly cardio and some weight lifting  (she pays $42 monthly). They have plenty of cardio machines to handle peak times (ellipticals, treadmills, steppers all have individual TVs/cardio theater). If you're intimidated by aggressive salespeople/trainers, juice-heads and/or leering, this gym's for you (my girlfriend quit Golds because she wasn't comfortable there even though it had a separate women's area). The management and members are low key and it rarely gets overcrowded at this location. The gym and locker room are very clean and the towel service is a nice bonus. I didn't like the digital locks in the locker room because I had trouble seeing the keypads without reading glasses, but otherwise a great idea. They keep the AC running at a nice cool temp in the summertime... it doesn't get the warm, humid, dank, overcrowded smell and atmosphere of other area gyms during peak hours here.
4	Just a quick update: Mountainside Fitness is doing a minor renovation and recently moved its locker room upstairs. The new locker room is very nice, and the lockers no longer have keypad combinations (ie: bring your own lock).  The renovation added some additional floorspace to the gym. This would have been a good opportunity to add to their somewhat limited weight machine selection. So far, the space is being used to hold some additional free weights and kettle balls. The only change my girlfriend doesn't like: There is a new stocking area behind the front desk with a variety of snack foods available. While some options are healthy, others (like bags of Goldfish treats) just create temptation for her every time she passes by (which is often due to the gym floor layout).
3	I visited one Sunday afternoon just to check it out in reply to an ad I saw to visit for free for (5) days. Typically, when you respond to ads like that from a gym, the staff requests your information such as name, address, & phone so they can sell you on a membership later. That was not the case with me. It was very informal. I advised I was not a member and wanted to give their place a shot. The guy in the front desk said come right on in; no personal information requested and no tour. I'm glad there was no sales pressure. I thought the no tour part was kind of odd, but after doing my walk through, I understand why. The place is not very big. They have weights and cardio machines and the treadmills each had a personal television on the machine. The whole facility appeared clean and there were free towels for the taking for your workout. The lockers in the men's locker room were really nice. They were made brown wood. You can view a sample of the interior of the facility on their website. They looked really classy, but they were not free. There were cabinets offered outside of the locker rooms that you can keep your personals in with a latch that allows you to insert your personal lock on. There was also a small room for classes.I wasn't very impressed with this gym mainly because it was very small. I came during a Sunday afternoon when most gyms don't see much traffic so I don't know what it's like during normal high traffic periods such as early mornings and after 5pm on weekdays. I would imagine that due to the small size of this gym that they cater more to the very local crowd. I wouldn't give this location a poor rating because there wasn't really anything that stood out that was negative other than the limited space and equipment. You might think of this location as the alternative to the larger chain gyms like 24 Hour Fitness, LA Fitness, or Lifetime Fitness. You can always take a look for yourself; apparently, they don't provide too much sales pressure for visitors. Anyway, that's my say on Mountainside Fitness at Bell Rd in North Scottsale next to the Ice Den skating rink.
4	Nice gym, i'm a member. It's a little on the small side, but it's got enough space so I don't feel invaded. It tends to get a little crowded around the dumbbells, but that's to be expected. The music can sometimes be a little loud, but that's what iPods are for. The front desk staff is always polite, not overly friendly, but polite. There is always room to get a thorough workout in. Overall I am very pleased with the facility. The locker rooms are quite lovely and always clean.
3	I took advantage of the 5 day pass that Mountainside Fitness offers as I'm new to the area & didn't want to commit joining a gym before trying it out. Very friendly staff for starters. They weren't pushy at all & explained their pricing. If I remember correctly it's about $44/month.No tour was provided, so I took a peek around for myself. Pretty standard weight area, step machines, treadmills & ellipticals (with TVs attached - nice!). I can't remember if they had bikes of not.They have a small retail area of Under Armor across from the machines. Child care, tanning & what looked to be a CrossFit area complete the first floor.The second floor has 2 studios as well as the locker rooms. The locker room was clean & had a spa-feel to it. I didn't try any classes, so I can't comment on those. I never figured out where the spin room was - if I return I'll have to find it.I went between 10-5p & never had an issue with overcrowding.Overall, good (small) gym.
4	Love this place.  Small upscale gym.  People are great and not at all obnoxious.  During the off hours feels like your personal fitness center.  Lockers, machines, layout all well done.
3	I've been a member for eight months now and here is my take on Mountainside...PROS: 1. Lots of cardio equipment   2. Nice locker rooms   3. Adequate amount of dumbbellsCONS:1. It can get crowded in there. The Scottsdale fire department comes in and uses the center. 2. The hockey team comes in and uses the center and today the fire dept. & hockey team were in at the same time....gimme a break!  3. During the summer months the functional room is unavailable during the morning and day because of kids programs.  4. The staff is not friendly. Chance is the nicest guy there, I think he's the fitness director. Chrissy is the nicest woman there, she's a trainer. Nicole, perhaps the club manager can't be bothered to speak to you and the others look at you and acknowledge you if their in the mood....whatever. 5. We have our monthly dues automatically charged to our credit card and when it's time to renew, they wanna charge us a one time fee of $50 for something or another....no. When our memmbership is up, we will not rejoin.
4	Yes, I ended up joining another gym.  Mountainside has a few things my other gym does not have.  I love several of their classes and that is a good thing because I am easily bored.  I also love that they provide you with towels, so I don't have to worry about packing them for a work out or even for showering, which makes it easier.  The gym is small, but efficient.  I am not crazy about their treadmills, but I will get over it, or use the other gym for that.  I guess I can count this one as another Groupon winner.
4	I've been a member now for about three months and have really enjoyed this gym.  It's not too big and not too small.  The staff have always been very pleasant and helpful.  I'm here 3-4 times a week and it's never been so crowded that I've had to wait to use the equipment.
1	poor service , rude customer service and they open late on saturdays quite frequently , and there cardio machines are dirty most of the time , i wouldnt refer a friend to this place theres much better out there......
5	I've been going to Mountainside at the Ice Den since they opened.  Everyone is always friendly and helpful.  The manager, Ralph, is especially friendly and seems to have a great rapport with his staff and the members.  I also have used Steve for personal training and the experience was great! I like the small size of the gym as it isn't overwhelming.
5	This is a great gym. It's small so it isn't overwhelming. They have exactly what you need to get a good workout in. There aren't any meat heads like at globo gym, I mean golds. The staff is friendly and Ralph is great! There's some nice eye candy from time to time as well. The steam room is a great feature as well. I actually prefer this location over the Shea location because you don't have to deal with all the D-bag high school kids working out on their phones taking up equipment. Arin at the desk makes a killer smoothie too!
2	I have to agree with other comments that the staff is not very friendly but I have gone to the one off shea and they staff are just as rude. At both locations I have had to check myself in and leave without even a glance from staff. I like ice den because it is small but I cannot always get the equipment I need and staff does nothing to ward off the creepers even if you complain. I bring my own clorox wipes to the gym and i can tell you that lady during the weeks does not do a good job cleaning. Membership is definitely overpriced for what you get. If I pay 600$ after tax i want a hello and goodbye from staff and I want clean equipment.
4	Gotta be honest, at first I was not very satisfied with the gym or the staff but over time I really do love the one off Shea and 116th. I don't like ice den because it is small and I feel like I'm in a basement. The one off Shea has a couple trainers that are super helpful and down to earth but a few that walk around all cocky and unprofessional. The facilities are clean and they have a large variety of equipment. Overall I'm pretty satisfied.
