5	Love their sushi and teryiaki chicken! My husband thinks it's the best sushi he has tried in the US.
5	After a busy morning of running errands, we looked for the nearest eatery and found the newly opened Sea Star. What a fortunate stroke of luck!  Although it looks like a typical strip mall fast food type of place, the food is very high quality.  And, for a small place, it's surprisingly high tech, with menus scrolling on flat screen TVs mounted on the wall.  Two other flat screens play sports channels.We chose usual combos, although the menu is more extensive, which we hope to explore on future visits.  My husband had the beef teriyaki combo with California roll and I had the chicken teriyaki with tempura. Even though it came in styrofoam containers, it was nicely presented, with the teriyaki strips lined up perfectly on a bed of rice and then covered with a patterned drizzle of sauce.  In both of our meals the meat was very, very tender, and the rice was a perfect texture.  The prices are low and, compared to the quality of the food, a real bargain. Fountain drinks are priced about half of what one usually pays at similar restaurants. We've been back a second time and had the same happy eating experience.  The staff is very eager to please.  When I mentioned just one little issue with the broccoli tempura, the staff quickly volunteered to replace it and give me double the amount. I think the biggest compliment one can give an establishment is what my husband said when we left:  "We'll be back and next time we'll bring friends!"
5	I love this place! It seems I go there weekly now. My new love(s) are the Las Vegas Rolls. To echo Candice's comments, the restaurant is clean and modern. The scrolling menus on tv monitors along the wall are great for sushi rookies like myself. The staff/owners are wonderful and ever-so patient. Nestled between Subway and Burger King, Sea Star is a hidden gem that should be found and frequented...often.
5	Another great experience here at Sea Star! Perfect food, great service, and genuine care were all received this past Saturday night. Thank you again!! Man I love this place.
5	My son and I ate sushi here and it was delicious! So nice to have healthy places to eat. The restaurant was clean and the service was great! I would highly recommend this restaurant.
5	Teriyaki was great. Melted in your mouth. Need to try sushi next time. Lobster roll looked fantastic. Surprised to fine good teriaki place since pizza and Mexican seem to dominate the restaurant choices. But sushi looked good.
3	I went with my husband, around 7:15PM on a Friday.  I called ahead; thank you yelp for having their phone number!  This places is not listed on Google, and I wanted to make sure it was still open.  Perhaps they need more marketing?The place was small, and only one couple with two small children were eating when we arrived.  One other person came while we were there.The best thing was the rice!  If you love rice, you'll be quite happy.  This may sound silly, but it was the perfect consistency, which is difficult to do.  When sushi means "with rice," it better be good.  Seasoning on the sushi rice was good too.Service was great, and the waitress was quick.  Food was good. Sushi pesentation was beautiful and clean.  However, recipes seem to have been augmented slightly for American tastes. The tempura batter on the veggie tempura was rather thick and oily.  There was more mayo in the California Roll than my husband prefers.  Chicken Teriyaki was quite good; the chicken was moist, and the sauce tasted yummy, although thicker than hubby likes, and there was more of it than needed.  There was also no ginger to go with the sushi.All in all, not the best sushi place I've been, but it's close by my home.  If I have a craving for good rice, I'll know where to go.  :)
4	This place is a little out of the way if you don't live in the Seville area but is worth a drive. Call first to make sure it is open because one time I wanted some huge shrimp tempura and the place was closed for an hour. So Great tempura, great chicken teriyaki. Hand breaded child's chicken strips. Delicious tuna rolls. Decent prices and fabulous service. The only reason for just 4 stars is no alcohol and no online menu so I can't easily place a to go order.
4	I love going to a place where the owners treat you with the same respect you would find as if you were in their own home. This is how the Asian culture is; concerned about your stay and gracious. That is how I felt at Sea Star. The sushi was delicious, for sure. The darkened windows make me feel like they are closed when driving by. Worth a visit.
2	I've been here twice.  First time, they had a hand-written sign on the door that they were closed for a few hours (in the middle of a business day when normally they would be open).Second time they were actually open. The service was good, very friendly and the server gave me a miso soup on the house.  But the positive ends there unfortunately.The miso soup, was less than stellar.  I noticed on the menu they charge $3 for it.  I would maybe pay $1 for it.  Not much flavor at all, probably one of the most bland miso soups I've had.I ordered the lunch roll combo which was a great deal, $7.50, for 4 pieces each of CA roll, spicy tuna, and spicy salmon.  The price was good, but you get what you pay for.  There was very little fish in any of the rolls.  They were very generous with the cucumber and rice though! :/ Maybe the regular rolls are better, but I think I will pass on this place in the future.
4	A very small place but it has surprisingly good sushi. We went expecting lower prices based on the menu posted on urban spoon. I think maybe the menu posted is for happy hour. Either way, it's one of the better sushi places I've found in Arizona.
5	I really do not understand some of the semi-negative reviews.  This place is one of my favorite restraunts. Sushi is my favorite food and i  have eaten at most sushi places in the east valley and this place is one of the  best sushi in the south east valley.  The prices are normal for sushi, the quality is always very good.  Chicken katsu, miso soup, chicken teriyaki, all the rolls have been very good.  Mango roll and lollipop crunch roll is my favorite. The service has always been excellent.  Owner is very nice.  It is small so usually only one server there at a time.  So she can get busy if four to five tables show up at same time.  It doesn't look like much from outside.  Actually I drove by it for almost a year before trying it.  Inside it is pretty nice.  We come here at least once a month.  I definitely would suggest it to anybody who is looking for good sushi and Japanese food especially if you live in gilbert/ queen creek area. There is one negative... No liquor license so no alcohol... And I like a tall beer with sushi.
4	The food is amazing. Service wasn't as good as I'd have liked but it was decent. The price was a bit on the high side but it makes up for the quality. Decent atmosphere, I like how they had the tiny tv on the walls.
4	The service is the only thing keeping me from leaving a 5 star review as far as the food and ambiance of the restaurant were top shelf I will eat here again
1	My husband and I went for dinner the other night and there was just one woman working.  We ordered water for drinks and after sitting there for 20 mins waiting we decided to take off.  Really really bad customer service.
4	Ok made the rookie mistake of reviewing a place before giving it  more than one visit. Gave Sea Star another chance and boy are we glad we did! First visit for us must of just been an off night, this time the sushi was amazing. Highly recommend the Summer Roll, good job Sea Star we will be back. Had a daddy daughter date here, my little girl loves Cali Rolls, and I must say neither of us were impressed. We were the only two in the restaurant,  the staff was very friendly but the food was below average.  Chicken teriyaki was bland, the chicken tasted like frozen Tyson bagged chicken, edamame was over cooked and also tasted frozen and the Cali roll mix had way too much mayonnaise in it, to the point where that was all you were tasting. Total bummer because we just moved into the area and are in the market for a good sushi joint. Maybe it was just an off night but we will keep looking.
5	This place is wonderful. Small family owned local sushi restaurant just the place to go on date night. There combo bowl and sushi is okay. But there special rolls are amazing.  I ordered the Arizona roll, "my favorite" Las Vegas roll and the crazy crab roll. All very delicious.  Great ambiance so you can carry a conversation.  I highly recommend.
3	Good sushi! summer roll was great! However small portions for the price! Good service. Good place to have around the neighbor.
2	The food was good.  We ordered sushi and some yakisoba.  The reason I could not give this place a higher rating was due to two things.  First of all, we had to wait about 20 minutes for our food, when there was only one party (of four people) that were ahead of us.  I think this has to do with being a two person restaurant.  Everything is done by just two people.  Perhaps they were just understaffed that night, but I've already been to this place twice and had the same experience in both ocassions.  Secondly, the portion size is small relative to the price that they charge.  I've been to Yogi's Grill and their portion sizes for sushi were bigger.
4	I came here and liked pretty much everything about it. Their happy hour is very scarce. They don't have much variety offered for happy hour. Also it's not half of it's only $1 off but that's fine when the roll is only $5Bucks. This place is way better than Red Koi down the road. I would recommend you try it out!(:
2	So we just moved to Gilbert Arizona and the best thing about moving to new places is finding new restaurants to make it our regular.  It's been two weeks and we have already found our favorite Mexican restaurant so now we are looking for Sushi.  We are huge sushi lovers especially great Sashimi.  Any how, this Sea Star is less then a mile from our home so we went there for dinner tonight.  The decor of the restaurant and the cleanliness of it was A+.  This restaurant was small but in a good way.  Our waitress was 15 or so year old girl who could be the owners daughter.  She was sweet and attentive.  Awesome waitress.  We ordered Seaweed salad, Dragon rolls, and Chicken yaki udon.  Seaweed salad was refreshing and yummy.  We really liked it as appetizer.  Then Dragon rolls came out.  Oh my gosh Unagi was covered with so much teriyaki sauce I didn't need my soy-sauce and wasabi at all.  I never had my Unagi with such a strong teriyaki sauce.  I prefer normal unagi sauce on my dragon rolls.  So it was disappointing.  I was hoping Yaki Udon would be better but first bite it was also too salty due to crazy amounts of teriyaki sauce.  We had to order white rice so my husband could eat it.  Now will I go back NOPE.  There are way too many sushi places to try since Gilbert and Chandler has hundreds of them in every corner.  Also I can't respect a sushi place with mozzarella sticks and french fries as one of the menu items.  I hope we can find a great sushi place here in Gilbert.  We've found great sushi in San Diego, LA, Salt Lake City, Hawaii, Lake Worth and Dallas.  I'm sure we will find one here in Arizona:)
4	A great suburban Teriyaki Grill. While I don't live in this area, I was hard pressed to find much else when it came to Japanese cuisine. This is a family owned place that looks like a lot of care when into it. They make a variety of dishes and use Fresh (or as fresh as ocean-less AZ will allow) meat. These aspects combined with great service, make Sea Star a great solution for Japanese cuisine!
3	I'll try it again but there are some downsides. Teriyaki bowls have very thin and small portion of chicken with way too much sauce. I want to try the sushi so I'll be back for that.  Service was ok but 20 min at lunch was a bit of a wait with only two other tables filled, maybe there were a lot of takeout orders they were preparing but it was 2pm. Also, rice is good here.
5	Best sushi I have ever had. I miss eating here, I use to work here so I got used to eating it everyday!!! I have yet to find sushi as good as the sushi here. And since I worked here I know how CLEAN and sanitized everything is! The owners are very nice too, I wish I would of stayed there longer but I had to take care of family issues.  Anyways, if you're looking for GREAT sushi and/or teriyaki that is cooked and prepared properly, this is the place to go!!
4	I love this place- I frequently get take out here and am always surprised at how quickly my order is done for hand wrapped sushi.  Excellent flavors, great service!!!
2	The eel roll was good. So was the spicy salmon roll. But that Los Vegas roll was no good. I could not taste anything but cream cheese and rice! Bleghhh. Kona grill was definitely better. And surprisingly cheaper.
2	I'm giving it a 2 star review from a 4 star because the rolls have gotten smaller, happy hour is even more minuet than before. The prices are ridiculous and the hours are horrible. Go to blue wasabi!(:There a little farther but worth the drive.
5	This is a Sushi Palace.  The tastes, textures and ambiance far surpass all other sushi restaurants in both Gilbert and Queen Creek. My son and I have tried them all. We always come back to Sea Star.  We typically start with 3 or 4 rolls followed by noodles.  My son says that the Yakiudon is the best. Tonight I tried the Katsu chicken.  It was awesome.
2	I really wanted to like the place, the customer service was great.  However I will  not be going back, the prices were high and there was nothing special about the sushi and sashimi.  I would rather drive a little farther for sushi elsewhere.....
5	The chef prepares excellent sushi here. I don't care for the teriyaki, but that's my personal opinion. Our favorites are the dragon roll and caterpillar roll. The customer service is great. The music is peaceful. The people are friendly and polite. The prices are reasonable. I can't understand why this place isn't filled with customers, except that no one knows about it yet. I long to see Chef Ramsey come and make superstars out of these nice folks. I'm no expert, but I know that these sweet people deserve a break! Come and help them out.
