5	Submitted measurements online from New Jersey about a month ahead of our Vegas wedding. Week or so later received an email saying my tux was ready and I should stop in to try it on when I arrive in Vegas. Was not going to since I had arranged for delivery and pickup to and from my hotel. But I am so glad I stopped in a few days beforehand.The shirt was a little big as well as the jacket (was our fault, we did our own measurements). They fixed that right up in the shop, and the tux that was delivered to the hotel was perfect. A classy tuxedo at a decent price.Just super nice people. I am so thankful they took care of me.
5	I haven't needed a tux in several years (since high school), but this was one special New Year! I popped into Tuxedo Junction, and was quickly measured for my Tux. I got all black everything. The staff is really friendly, and professional (whatever that means). They even know quite a bit about house music. EDM is taking over Vegas!They know how to properly measure you, but most importantly, they know their clothes!Two days after my fitting, I came in to pick up my Tux. Word to the wise...try it on before leaving. I apparently lost some weight in the two days I waited, and had to get a slightly different size. No big deal. They took care of it on the spot.I'd come back for another tux! Most likely, next year for New Year's!Thank you Tuxedo Junction!
5	I have lived down the street from this place for ELEVEN YEARS, but never went in until yesterday. I needed a tuxedo for a weird sort of lesbo-chic photo shoot, where I would be wearing a purple 80s bridesmaid dress and another female model would be wearing a tux. The other model was too busy to go to the tux place, so the photographer asked me to do it.A SUPER-friendly, helpful kid named Zach helped me try on all kindsa creepy mini-tuxedos that must have been designed for teenage boys or something, because they fit me perfectly. Then he helped me find the right shade of purple for the bowtie/cummerbund....and this was going off a shitty cell phone pic I had of the dress.The photo shoot isn't until the end of the month, but I'll be sure to post a pic here... so you can see Zach's fabuous work. The rental is going to be $100 for the day...not bad at all!This shop was clean, well-lit, and VERY well staffed! Check it out!
5	This place!!  I walked out of Men's Wearhouse very angry after being told my son's vest rental would cost $75!!  Yes one vest for one night!!  I called to check prices and felt like I had returned from the twilight zone.  I drove directly over, got my son fitted for a vest and even rented shoes for a total of $25.  After realizing I may have been a little angry still when I arrived I told the clerk where I came from and it was obvious he immediately understood my frustration.  Love giving business to local businesses to help out my town and without a doubt have my business for life!
5	Service was so good I had to write my first yelp review! Danny Lyon took care of me. Do not hesitate to go here for a tux rental!
5	I'm a larger woman and had a hard time finding a woman's tux for a work event. Looked at yelp and found this place;) The employees at Tuxedo Junction were so kind and helpful and made me feel comfortable;) it was a great experience ! Thank you all so very much..;)
1	I do not recommend this place. I gave them 2 chances, both times they were unprofessional and unorganized.
5	Went in to rent a tux for prom and although it looks a little run down, the service is actually really really great, the whole staff was friendly! I was helped by a pretty woman called Nicole and she was on top of everything, and the total was under $80 which blew me away. Great great place.
5	While growing up, my family owned a formal and men's wear store, so I understand a little about the business and some of the challenges.  Working with them upon different occasions, I am always impressed by their professionalism and dedication to making things right.  When I referred a friend for his wedding, I had pre-selected a style which I thought would be perfect.  Upon arrival, and pulling the full tuxes for them to try on, we realized it wasn't the right look for the guys.  Nicole was outstanding in helping us switch out to try a couple other looks and making sure everyone was comfortable.  Having worked with Nicole before, I can attest her patience and demeanor is perfect!What I like most is that they have just about everything in stock.  They can make alterations there as well, so if the groomsmen arrive with the wrong measurements (which is not so out of the ordinary), they can measure to make sure they have the right fit.  Michelle is my main contact and is always ready to provide guidance and support.  I have yet to find anyone in the group that is not exceptional!They are definitely customer service oriented and are always there to help walk you through the process.
5	This place is so great. The service is amazing and everyone is so friendly! I can't believe how many more options there are! Many more options here than mens wear house. I was so disappointed at their service and options. We can't wait to use tuxedo junction for our wedding day
5	Being a guy, waited until the last possible minute (no, literally) to get a tux for my wedding (my wife was horrified).  Linda (hope I got the name right - short firecracker) had me in and out in under 30 minutes with the exact tux I was looking for.  Need a tux?  Go here.
5	Showed up day before our eloping at the Cosmopolitan.  Could not have had a better experience.  The woman who help my fiance was a true professional; polite, patient and friendly.  She literally had him all fixed up with a suit in 30 minutes and told us to simply return it the next day at the bell stand at the hotel and they would pick it up.  He looked great on our special day and we could not be happier...both with our experience at the Tuxedo Junction and with each other (lol).
5	I had a fantastic experience working with Julio at Tuxedo Junction.  I was producing  a show in Las Vegas long distance from San Francisco.  I had originally ordered a Specialty tuxedo weeks in advance with another store (not to be mentioned, argh!), to be delivered to my hotel the day before my arrival so everything would be in place for my show time. Was my tuxedo waiting for me at the bell desk as was requested, planned and confirmed three times prior to my arrival??!!  NO it was NOT, ugh!!!  So I had to scramble and locate this specific Specialty tux.  I lucked out and called Tuxedo Junction first and spoke to Julio.  He was kind, courteous and took the time out to make sure he had the tuxedo in stock while I waited on the phone.  He not only sized up my needs for me immediately, but found a second jacket as a back up just in case we needed another size fit.  Oh and I forgot to tell you this was all taking place on a Sunday at 2:30pm (they closed at 5pm).  Above and beyond all that he kindly took care of over the phone with me, he personally delivered the tuxedo to me at the hotel I was working from. And at no additional charge!!  He is a stand up guy, let me tell you!!  He made a frustrating, inconvenient experience a profoundly better one for me.  I can't thank him or Tuxedo Junction enough.  I highly recommend Tuxedo Junction and their services to anyone in need of tuxedo - even at the last minute!!  Thanks again Julio for everything!  You are a prince!
5	My wife and I celebrated our 5 year wedding anniversary and I rented my tux from Tuxedo Junction.  This was by far the best experience that I have ever had as it relates to renting a tux!!  JULIO was fantastic!!  Very professional and a great eye for fashion.  He helped us select the perfect tux and color for our occasion.  JAZZMIN is the most adorable and funny sales associate that I have ever met!!  She made the whole process just seamless and I would DEFINITELY recommend this place of business to EVERYONE that would consider renting a tux for their special occasion!!
5	Michelle and the crew at Tuxedo Junction are a class act. My band, Pink Pelvis, had the pleasure of wearing some of their beautiful white tuxedos donated for the 2014 AFAN benefit. The staff was friendly, professional and very accommodating. 5 Stars for Tuxedo Junction!
5	Last minute as I can be. Coming in clutch with 25 minutes to spare and a wedding around the corner, these women fitted and tailored me in minutes. Came in at 10:15 left at 10:40 superb experience all around. Excellent customer service, wide selction, and reasonable prices. This is the place to go for any tuxedo need.
1	Let me start this review by saying, if I could give this place a negative 5 star rating I would. This store and it's owner are the biggest ripoff I've seen in many years. You go here to get suit's for the biggest day of your life. You set up the groomsmen party and discuss pricing. Everything is supposed to be all set for pick up right before your big day right? Wrong!! The day before my wedding,  we go in to pick up the suit's and when we go to pay for the rental's, the owner Mikka does a bait and switch. We were quoted a price of 84$ for kids 12 and under and 125$ for anyone older. The owner and sales associate both claim they never said that. Now I'm in a rock and a hard place. I felt helpless, knowing I didn't have anymore time to go anywhere else. The owner Mikka was shaking in disgust that I would even challenge her. Now keep in mind, I had 10 men and 4 boys in my party.( 2 little boy's aged 2 and a 9 and 12 year old) I asked her again "why was she trying to charge full price for children?" She then said " the lower price was for size 12 and under not age." So I was forced to pay the full price and left. Felling helplessness,  I reached out to my CC company, who to no avail told me there hands were tied because it was a verbal agreement not a written one.So at the end of the day, I'm left with this bill and a taste so bad in my mouth about this store and the owner. Buyer beware. Go to another store, one that will honor there verbal agreements. I will never shop with this store again and I recommend you do the same.
1	Save your money!!!  You get quoted one price and get charged way more, happened not just once but twice!!!  Not worth it...
5	Jazzmin was so nice, helpful and knowledgeable about getting my husband his suit. We were very happy with the service and we did it an hour before the wedding!Being able to leave the suit at the bell desk of the hotel for them to pick up was so convenient. We would recommend them!
5	Wow!!  What a great experience. From the minute I walked in Lyne made me feel great!!  She did all my measurements within 5 minutes. She helped with my tux selection because she has excellent taste. This entire process has been painless and very inexpensive!!  The next time you need a tux and need it the same day, come to Tuxedo Junction and see Lyne!!  She will definitely take care of you!!
5	I have rented all my high school formal tuxedos, and my college fraternity rented here for our formals. Over 4 of my best friend's wedding parties I always had the best experience and service. The owner/staff were always sweet and professional to my myself/friends. I hope to one day rent my Tuxedo here for my wedding. :)I absolutely give this place 6 out of 5 stars!
