2	Eh.... 2.5 stars, maybe? 3? Not sure, yet.After looking at the menu online, I really wanted to like this place. The menu has some creativity to it, unlike the template-North-Indian-restaurant-menus you find at many of the Indian restaurants in the Valley. Aside from offering things like korma, kadai, vindaloo, etc. with a variety of options (chicken, lamb, paneer, shrimp or fish for each) they also have some other more unusual choices, like one of my favorite dishes, mattar malai methi (creamy fenugreek and peas). And dahi vada in the appetizers... I couldn't wait to check it out.Unfortunately, three friends and I went at lunchtime on a Saturday - and there was a buffet. So I didn't get to try any of those tempting dishes.The restaurant itself, while  decorated a little haphazardly (Chinese paintings?) is bright and clean. There's a TV on a wall, which happened to be playing one of my favorite Bollywood movies...so I was still excited about the place.But...after tasting the food...meh.The buffet was all right.. but nothing to write home about. Pluses? Once again, it had something different..fish curry as well as an Indian-style Chinese dish or two. So that was cool. But the food was just so-so. I was there fwith three other people - one of them said the cuts of meat, especially the chicken, were of higher quality than most Indian buffets. But he didn't like the sauces so much. One other friend said he liked the tikka masala, but that was about it.As for the vegetarians, well, we didn't have a lot of choices. Veggie manchurian (which was pretty good), a very bland chana masala and some pea/carrot thing that reminded me more of baby food than anything else.The dessert was just all right, too. And the rice was very bland.So, overall, I wasn't impressed. But I don't want to judge the place too harshly based just on the buffet. After all, Curry House was packed on a Saturday afternoon, so I'm thinking maybe it's got something better to offer me.. I'll have to go back for dinner and see what their non-buffet selections taste like before I totally write this place off my list.
4	I have been a fan ever since I decided to try the Curry House. Finally, a restaurant within the vicinity of my home!I have been to my share of Indian restaurants, and let me tell you, I am finally happy to say that there is one up to par with my standards. Phoenix does not offer various culinary adventures, or restaurants that make my taste buds water by just hearing the name. Curry House has proved me wrong.The Chicken Tikka Masala is impeccable, and Curry House offers various other dishes as well. I suppose the reason why I adore it so much is because the food tastes like food you could get in India. Many other restaurants try to emulate this style, but Curry House has succeeded.
3	Not bad. Stopped in to grab some take-out Chicken Tikka Masala and Naan. The sauce was very good, as was the naan, but the chicken "felt" as though it might be under-cooked. I was surprised that I didn't get any rice or anything with the tikka masala, just a tub of chicken in sauce.I'll happily give them another try though, when I have time to eat in.
3	We went there for dinner. Food is not bad, above average but the place is not clean enought. For ex: waitress put the extra plates back to the shelf from our table. They had been sitting on our tables a while and how could she be sure that we did not use them at all? She need to take them back and have someone to clean them before putting them back on shelf.Pirce is bit high. I rather go to Elephant bar for paying about the same price.
2	The sad thing about reviews of Phoenix Indian restaurants are made by non-Indians and others who have no real experience with Indian food. The reviews of Curry Leaf are an example of that.  This is not a restaurant by any means.  This is fast food Indian.  The food was bland and tasteless.  I'm Indian so I know what I'm talking about.  I ordered a Chicken Tikka Masala "wrap"  The chicken was dry and had little sauce. It was also expensive.  It was made by some Auntie who has no experience cooking; she is not a professional cook.  I hate to write this review because the people were nice and it's in a nice convenient location but I was very disappointed.  It really looked as if a couple quit their jobs and decided to open an eatery.  It was very cheap looking and they charged a lot of money for very subpar food. I know we need more Indian restaurants/eateries in the Phoenix area but at the same time we should have standards. This place would clearly not be in business in a city with several quality Indian restaurants like Dallas, Houston, NY, Chicago, LA and SF have.
4	It's tasty and reasonably priced.  Service has always been good.  I have been here 4 times, twice for lunch and twice for dinner.  Dinners are usually big enough to take some home, so I think it's a reasonable price.
1	I felt so tricked after trying this place out. I read about it on azcentral.com and decided to give it a try since it got rave reviews. I was super eager because it is actually on my side of town for once. There are practically no Indian eateries in Chandler. My friend and I arrived on a Friday night. The first thing that greeted us upon our entering? A table of about eight monks, all decked out like the ones you see in Chinese action movies, silent around a table, I kid you not. When we walked in, they all craned their heads to look at us. . . unblinking. I wondered if it was some kind of aesthetic effect the owners were going for.  Add to that creepiness was the fact that no one else was in the restaurant. . .on a FRIDAY night. I didn't see any staffers walking around. We were at this point VERY uncomfortable and were actually backing out the door when a woman emerged from the back. She caught us--we were trapped. So we took a table. I ordered a chicken marsala dish and my friend only ordered their dessert because their prices were ridiculously high. When our orders came out, I was kinda shocked at how small the portions were, considering what they wanted us to pay. So I eagerly dug into my meal--and almost spit the chicken out. It was mushy and tasteless. The sauce seem to consist of water and hmmm, let's see, more water?  It was such a disappointing experience I haven't been back since. The only plus? The owner was really nice and pleasant. I just kinda suspect that they have a Korean person back there attempting Indian cuisine.
4	Really good. I'm writing from the table. Full as the day is long. Hot girl in the movie on the screen. Music could stay or go... If I lived within 30 miles of this place I'd be back all the time.
1	Is this restaurant now closed? I tried to call in an order tonight and the line has been disconnected. I tried the number on yelp, their website and google.
