4	I've been here twice now, both time with coupons. Joined the email club for one, and one came in the mail. This location is fairly new and very clean.The counter staff is super friendly, greeting you when you walk in and leave. The pizza variety is awesome, esp cheeseburger and this deep dish ranch sauce pepperoni :d there is also a streusel Pizza akin to cake and pudding that is just divine.They have a jukebox, a tv that always has on icarly, and a small arcade for kids.Will definitely be back for more because I love variety!
4	Ahhhh Cici's Pizza... what can I say?My first experience here a year ago at a different location was not good at all. I seen a 3.99$ price and was sad since they closed down the Pizza Hut Buffet by my house so opted for this place. When you first walk in theyre very nice with their standard "Welcome to Cici's!!" welcome. Our cashier was very friendly and we paid. For drinks its 1.89$ for a small and 2.29$ for a large, childrens drinks are .99$. We got a seat and proceeded to the buffet, Im not a fan of pre-made salads and here they offer only 2 choices, a blt ranch, and some Italian one. I opted for the blt. I went on to get breadsticks and was excited when I seen the deep dish and macaroni pizza. I sat down to try all my yummies. The salad was meh and the macaroni pizza was ok. The deep dish was def yum, and I was surprised I liked it bc it had white sauce on it.They also special make slices for you! I get the deep dish with pepperoni and jalapeno, super yummy!!Come here for cheap eats and pizza! Right now the buffet is only 3.99$ which is a killer deal for pizza!
4	Can't beat the priceFor 5 bucks!!The service is  better than some fine dining  restaurants in same complex .
3	The pizza was ok here...it's not much you can choose from. But, for $5 what more do you expect?? No waiter service. You serve yourself. But, if you want a different kind of pizza that isn't on the counter you can order it and they'll bring it to you.It doesn't busy here, so you don't have to worry about waiting for a table.
3	Cici's pizza is ok. It's cheap pizza for lunch. Their price matches their quality.  Service is nice and they are willing to make a special pizza/slice for you if requested.  Their brownies and cinnamon rolls are FANTASTIC though.  I'd go back.
2	Ok so this may be partly my fault...I had never been to a Cici's Pizza before and had expected a lot more out of the experience. The only thing I thought was good was the cinnamon roll things. Everything else was not great...or not available. There was no salad or pasta available the entire time we were eating (we were there for about 25 minutes).I guess you get what you pay for here. It's cheap.
1	i figured it out, Young people especially kids and teens have no frigging taste buds, cardboard garbage, but as I looked around all the kids and teens were dogging it out going back for more and having so much fun.. I just dont get it....No taste buds
