4	We wanted to have some tree questions answered, so we paid them a visit. This nursery is huge, so I was shocked when we were continuously approached to see if we needed help. We had all of our questions answered and the employees were extremely helpful. Prices seemed reasonable and everything was nicely organized, which made it really easy to walk around and check out their inventory.
4	This was my first visit to this nursery. We bought a few plants and a tree. The employees were very helpful and kind. They have a large selection of items for you to choose from. Our plants and tree are doing great because of the quality they have. I was hoping for some more plants to add some color to my backyard but the choices were limited, however I do beleive that is becuase of the season and the State :) Great place to shop to spruce up your yard!!
5	We went to Moon Valley Nurseries first, mostly due to their aggressive advertising. So glad we got disgusted and came here instead. Excellent customer service, beautiful plants and lots of knowledge. We got exactly what we were looking for without paying DOUBLE at Moon Valley. We will be coming here for all of our landscaping needs.
5	After going to Moon Valley Nursery I left because of hi pressure sales people & the price being twice as much as advertised, I came to Desert Horizon Nursery, all of the people are very nice & I have never felt pressured in any way & they have a wonderful array of plants to choose from ! Miguel has helped me more then one time & he is very knowledgeable & I never feel like I am pressured to buy ! Desert Horizon has my business from now on !!!!!!
1	Heard great things about this place but was incredibly disappointed with my visit. I searched around for several minutes and no one seemed too eager to help. When I did ask for help, the woman sent me the exact opposite direction. When I finally was helped...the salesman was rude and used profanity several times. Plants were bent and overall low quality
5	This is a great nursery. They are family owned and operated. They have large selection of healthy plants, decorative items, fountains whatever you need.The people that work there know what they are doing and are happy to share their expertise. When you do have a problem with something they delivered and planted they honor any guarantee they have made promptly and fairly. Their prices are very competitive and as mentioned before their plants are very healthy. Could not be happier with a nursery.
1	Don't use them. Had to call after no response from message previous day to ask if they had installed drip line to plants I paid to have installed. Website states they run irrigation but they claim they don't. Headed out of town so good thing I called, it's 108 degrees, no water. Poor customer service in my opinion. I'll stick with A&P on Ironwood.
4	We needed to redo our back yard and being new to AZ didn't have a clue about local plants.  Our visit to DH was very informative;  employee took us to the plants that would suit our needs...sun, shade, etc....and explained the facts about each one.  We decided on some plants and had them delivered and planted.  The crew was polite and thorough....we did have an issue but DH was great about taking care of it.   Very satisfied with them.
4	Great selection of plants and a knowledgable staff. We get our Christmas trees from here every year and we also buy our outdoor pottery and decor here.
