5	I've been to my fair share of esthetician's and Brittney is the best!! I have already recommended her to everyone I know.  Here are just a few reasons:-Hand Extractions (No more facial injuries from metal pore popping instruments)-Massage, Brittney does a great job of incorporating massage into her facials, score!-A nice-smelling spa ( I know this is minor but I hate that chemical smell spas can sometimes have like a doctor's office)-A friendly face ( I've already met my fair share of esthetician's with attitudes, thank goodness Brittney is not one of them)-A follow up.  Who takes the time to do that anymore?  I don't think I've ever had such personalized service.  Sometimes you get a facial and get the feeling that the girl could care less if she saw you ever again unless you came back with wads of cash.  Brittney is professional, experienced, capable, and knowledgeable, oh and my next appointment for Microdermabrasion is already booked!!!She really cares about what she does and how she does it.  http://www.facebook.com/?ref=logo#!/profile.php?id=100000526711436&v=wall
5	I had my microdermabrasion/facial on Saturday and just want to say that my skin looks and feels fantastic! I have never had a microdermabrasion done before so I wasn't sure what to expect. It is like a little vacuum cleaning your face. Thanks Brit for doing such a great job and for making my face feel so good. I will be back in about a month for another one!
5	Thank you, thank you, thank you!! I just received the results from two biopsies I had last week and both are Basel Cell Carcinoma! I would NOT have known about these if it weren't for you....I also would not have gone to get them checked without you pushing me!! You are an amazing Aesthetician and have kept my skin in great condition along with being a wonderful advocate for skin cancer checks and wearing your sun screen!!
5	I have always been blessed with pretty decent skin (even skin tone with very few break outs) however out of nowhere my face became very dry, flakey and red due to seasonal changes.  I had never had a facial before and I was also very apprehensive that it wouldn't get me back to my usual self. Brittany took time with me to do a consult and give me solutions she also made me very relaxed. I truly enjoyed every moment. Brittany is also a miracle worker. She is so friendly and sweet...she knows her skin.  She made my face glow and get back to its usual state. She truly is amazing and I highly recommend her.
5	Okay, so I used to see Brittney a lot more often, but life kind of got in the way, and I got away from it.  I recently when in for a facial with her, and am kicking myself in the butt for not going back sooner. Brittney is SO meticulous with her clients.  She is one of those service providers that really actually does care about her clients, and her clients skin.  I think the best thing was that I had a question about my MOMS skin, sent her a quick text with a question, and she got back to me IMMEDIATELY with advice, and saying to have my mom come in for a complementary analysis/consultation so she knows what products to be u sing.  Brittney's skin room is always really really clean, she plays nice relaxing music, its always the perfect temperature, and it always smells AWESOME. She always has services that match the season, so most recently she is doing pumpkin and fall scents, and facials.  So her room always seems to match my mood.  Its awesome. If you have a chance to get in to see her, she has really made a name for herself in her industry.  Shes super sweet, and really really awesome at her job.  She won't disappoint you, and her knowledge is unbelievable, I really think that is what sets her apart!
5	Brittney is awesome!!! I'm so grateful to yelp because great reviews of her work led me to her. I just moved here from CA and used yelp to try and find a great esthetician.  Brittney got rave reviews so I tried her. She's the BEST!!!! She takes great care with clients, explains everything, and is very nurturing and friendly.  You couldn't ask for more!
5	Brittney is so knowledgeable and kind. She does a fabulous job with my skin which is very sensitive. Her gentle products have proven to be perfect for my skin. I can't say enough about the thoroughness of her services. Do not hesitate to go in for a consultation and a customized treatment perfect for you!
