1	Never would I recommend again to go through this rescue. They are impossible to get a hold of and are so unbelievably rude. They DO NOT take care of their dogs, they most likely will have fleas/ticks as well as other health issues that even on a foster basis they will not get back to you about medical care. They also lie about the dogs/cats having vaccinations. I personally would like to adopt through a rescue where I can at least trust what they are saying to me. It's sad that they take in so many dogs and don't take care of them whatsoever. They do not know how to run their rescue at all and it's just a mess.
1	I adopted a dog here, Danny said it was 4-6 months old and a small dog, under 30 pounds and two vet exams (one being their recommended vet) said the dog was 7-8 weeks only and would grow to be a full-sized boxer!  The dog came with ticks, mange, kennel cough and distemper. We paid $350.00 for a sick and misrepresented breed and they refuse to give us owe money. Danny is rude and Melanie Murphy just lies and doesn't do any actions. They yell, they are sarcastic, rude does not encompass all that they are!  I am going to blog on every site, check the code for a charitable organization, talk to every petsmart and go to the news station. I was a court reporter for 28 years and I am now retired with nothing but time on my hands and I know how to use it now!  Not fair to the public or the Animals. Such a sin.
5	Had a wonderful experience both volunteering and adopting from Woofs, Wiggles, and Wags! Volunteers and staff were all very friendly and knowledge about the animals. Facility is clean and all the animals are well cared for. Adopted an amazing boxer mix from them, and they checked up on him to make sure he was adjusting. Sent me all his paperwork no hassles at all. I'd recommend this to anyone looking for a responsible and amazing rescue!
5	Ive personally worked with Danni on rescuing a small dog from a sewer drain, she climbed bushes, got scraped up and made sure this dog was safe and had a warm place to go. She is a angel to community, always going above and beyond!!! Truly a animal hero and a great person, I am so shocked that anyone would have anything negative to say, I did not experience anyone being rude, dishonest or aby of those behaviors. I witnessed compassion,care and love. Danni is awesome!!!!
5	My fiance and I had a checklist of things we needed to get done before adding to our family. At that time we had a female cat and a female chihuahua. I had done my fair share of "stalking" local rescues for almost a year until he said ok it's time. WWW was the only rescue I kept going back to. We saw that they were having an adoption event in October at a Petsmart and decided to go. As soon as we walked up, Dani greeted us and we told her about our current fur babies and that we were looking for a male to add to the family. She introduced us to Freddie. He's a giant goober of a pittie and we knew right away he'd fit right in with us! Dani called his foster mom so she could come talk to us about any questions we had and she could say goodbye to him. We were given his paperwork with current vaccines and microchip information and away we went! I still keep in touch with Dani and his foster mom! I have had nothing but a pleasant experience with this rescue group and my fiance and I are SO grateful for all of the hard work that they do! Not many people can do such a selfless thing like saving animals day in and day out. We love our big goofy Freddie and couldn't thank the staff and Freddie's foster mom enough!
4	I adopted am American pitbull terrier named Mary kate....she is an awesome dog..why someone gave her up is beyond me.. She is smart.. Great with people and other dogs. She is a huge lover...so happy i stopped at petsmart the day i did because i found my new "best friend ".. I had no issues with anyone at the rescue..they were polite and gave me the medical information i needed.. They were also honest about vaccinations..i just chose to get them done at my vet as a personal preference..i would recommend them :-)
