3	We affectionately refer to Taco Bell as Taco Hell. Sometimes they get your order right and sometimes they don't. Just make sure you check it before you leave. This one has an outdoor patio which is nice when it is cool here in Arizona.
4	they usually get the order right. I don't like how they don't offer or include a spork when you order nachos supreme or nachos bell grande. All other Taco Bells that I've been to, it's policy, they just give it. This one, not.
3	They have so far always gotten the order right and friendly workers, but it's the only taco bell I have found that it doesn't occur to them to give a fork for nachos bell grande.  They also pnly gave us 1 napkin in the drive-thru. You would think that 2 drinks would maybe clue them in that 2 ppl are eating.
2	Eh. I know it's only fast food, but how many idiots are working in the kitchen? I wish there was a closer one so I could go there in the hopes that they'd get our order correct!
3	Dependable tacos.
2	Omgoodness 20 min wait in drive-thru and no apology! And then they got my sons drink wrong. I would have gone in if we hadn't had the baby w/ us.
1	This location is horrible. They would not honor their Diamondbacks special. I have not been to Taco Bell for over a year because of my bad experience, guess this place hasn't changed! Give Del Taco over on Ray & Dobson your business instead of this place!
3	After all the commercials airing on TV and radio,  Taco Bell finally wore me down and I ordered a couple of their waffle tacos.   I have a soft spot for waffle based food,  being a big fan of Bruxie in OC,  and it was difficult for me not to compare the two experiences.   First off,  the waffle.   It was more along the eggo waffle lines than somthing you would make for yourself,  made thin enough to fold without breaking.   They filled it with eggs,  cheese and sausage (or bacon), and even though the eggs are probably powered and definitely rubbery,  it auctiually works.   Pour the syrup they give you on the side over it,  and it works even better.  Also of note,  it was pretty small.   It's a good thing I ordered 2, but it makes me question if it's even worth $1.99.  The Waffle taco is deffently worth a try,  but I'm not sure if it will be somthing I go back for on a regular basis.
1	Let me start off by saying that I love Taco Bell! This particular one, however, is at the bottom of my list. I've been back a few times, but it's always bad. The order is always wrong, usually due to the person taking the order.  This last time I got sooo sick after being the only one in my family to eat the chicken. This was my only meal of the day and about 5 hours later, I was stuck in the bathroom for 4 hours. I have no doubts it was Taco Bell as I hadn't eaten anything else that day... I won't be back for sure.
