5	Great place to take your wife or girlfriend to get their nails done and get a pedicure.  My wife has not complained once after going to this place!  I may or may not have even had a pedicure done here once or twice...
5	Love going to this place :) My nails last for a really long time and the nail technicians use excellent products. Everyone is really friendly there and strive to make each client welcomed. This place is the only place I go to get my nails and waxing done. Walk-ins are welcomed. I love it!
3	It's sanitary and my pedicure seems to be lasting for a few weeks now.Other than that, I'm not too pleased. I understand that we all have lives and sometimes things that happen in our personal lives trickle into our work lives too. And maybe gossiping is bigger in Arizona than it is in North Carolina, but I just don't want to talk about what a bastard your ex-husband is. It's a nail salon, let's keep things light.Otherwise the chairs work, the polish lasts, and they have ample nail polishes to choose from. They'll charge you for every little thing (Grate your feet? That'll be an extra charge. Blue salt in your water? That'll be an extra charge.) So if you can't understand what you're being asked, assume there's an extra fee involved.I hope my experience was a one off. Based on other reviews it sounds like it was.
5	I don't get my nails done very often, but when I do I go here because they last a long time.  The shop is very clean and decorated nicely, which I like.  This place is good for groups too... I brought my bridal party here, and they were able to work on all of us at the same time so that we could socialize without waiting around.  The staff is very friendly.  I come to get my eyebrows done too because they don't make them too thin, and they take walk-ins.  I have recommended this place to all of my girlfriends, and I will keep going back!
4	My fingers and toes are happy thanks to All About Nails. They live up to their name here because they truly are all about nails. The salon sits in the strip mall that houses a movie theater, shopping and restaurants so it's a one-stop-shop location. I walked in on a Saturday afternoon and they were able to accommodate me right away! I first started with my pedicure in the comfortable massage chairs. I had the choice between three different services and I decided to go for the callous remover and sea salt scrub since it had been awhile since I'd given love to my feet. After my pedicure, I moved over to the mani chair for a gel manicure. I was a little nervous because I've been having bad luck with matching my regular nail polish on my toes to the gel polish on my fingernails. However, they matched the colors perfectly! In fact, the first color we picked out didn't quite match, so before we went any further, they removed the nail polish from the one finger they did and picked a different color. I like this salon because it's open and airy, the staff is friendly, the shop itself is sanitary and my polish is lasting!
1	I had never had gel nails before and eaten at the Tea Light Cafe when I noticed this nail spa. Kenny did my manicure and when he was done, I was quite disappointed. Not only did he knick my cuticle which is still red and sore 5 days later but the next day my friends told me it looked like the manicure was 2 weeks old!  There is a gap between the end of the polish and the cuticle giving the impression my nails have grown out and this was the next day!  The gel polish looks shiny and nice but the application is very amateurish. Needless I would not recommend this nail salon and I will continue searching for a competent salon.
5	One of my most favorite nail salons! All the staff is very friendly and do a great job! Kenny did an amazing job on my nails, he executed what I wanted perfectly, and I'm very happy! Definitely recommend All About Nails!
3	Very friendly staff. However not a great selection of colors. I was getting a pedicure and the massage chair was broken. I was disappointed. The service was good enough so I would return... But with my own polish!
5	This was my first time coming here but this is my new place to get my nails done at! I had Michael and he was a doll. The massage chairs are a perfect touch too :) My only tiny complaint is that they don't allow your feet to soak before they get started on your pedicure but my color lasts for 4-5 weeks and I always get compliments!
2	Overall a very blah place. The atmosphere is clean and positive, but the staff are not super friendly. The prices are competitive, but not the greatest. My manicure has a lot of air bubbles!! It does not look good. There is a very limited selection of colors as well. I am new in town and trying new places and I will not come here again.
5	Susan and Michael did an amazing job this evening !!! My fingers and toes are always happy when I walk out of all about nails. Clean and friendly... I don't go anywhere else
1	They use dish detergent for soap on the feet. Extremely rude staff. I went in 35 mins before closing time and this is what I get...rude attitude n dish detergent. It would have been better if I was told to come in at another time rather than the kind of service I got. Will definitely not visit again.
5	Jackie gives the best foot massage ever!!! I have been here many times and everyone is pretty good but Jackie is the best for pedicures.
5	Great nails, wonderful service. Went here with the wife and kids, I had a pedicure. The girls got a pedicure with cute designs and they fixed one of them when it smeared walking around. My wife was very happy with her nails. Highly  recommend.
5	Love this place, well run, clean, close to my work at mayo clinic! Michael is awesome, treats me and my 3.5 yo daughter like queens!Very accommodating, never had to wait longer than 10 minutes even for a walk in. We go there all the time!Highly recommended!
5	This place is best nails salon in this area. I have took my friends and kids here to get their nails done.  My kids felt in  love with their polishes and designs. It's a great place to relax and enjoy with family. It's very sanitary place and a great peoples here too. I'm very happy that our  polishs stayed on for a several weeks.This nails salon is so imagine!!!
1	I've been going here periodically for a few years, but my most recent visit will be my last. I went into get a quick eyebrow and lip wax after work. I wasn't in dire need, so neither was "bad", but they were enough to get them done. I was taken back right away and the one woman did my eyebrows first. After the initial wax, she started using tweezers to get missed hairs- except a process that usually takes a minute tops started taking over three minutes of her just plucking. She pinched my skin with the tweezers a couple times and I finally had to tell her that I couldn't have her continue because it was hurting so badly. Next she did my lip, which went fairly normally at first. She did get wax incredibly close to the corner of my mouth (and a little in). Then she started the plucking again. She was plucking at the small hairs right on the corner of my mouth (and once again, close enough to say she was almost in my mouth) and kept dabbing at the skin under my nose like she was getting extra wax off. After she was done, I found out what she was dabbing- I was actively bleeding from two places. She shooed me out fairly quickly (never gave me a little mirror or anything to see my eyebrows) and when I got to my car, I noticed my eyebrows were noticeably uneven. The one she had been plucking (that I had to ask her to stop) was significantly thicker than the other one, among other things. The skin around where I was bleeding was incredibly sore and uncomfortable. The next day I had multiple small red marks along my one eyebrow from where she had pinched my skin. I did have fairly good experiences here for many years, but that was the end.  I will be going to a different place to get my eyebrows fixed after the mess she made of them. 48 hours later and my one eyebrow is still sore and feels bruised, while the skin above my lip is dry and flaking off. If you go to this location for waxing, proceed with caution.
