5	This is a new poke shop in North Las Vegas. There's a good assortment of poke (ahi, tako, shrimp, salmon, snail), pipikaula and other dried food. They also have shirts, drinks, and frozen goods. I loved the salmon & tako poke. And their service is very friendly.
5	Great Place. Family owned and ran. gotta try the spicy ahi.
5	Poke Express is a family owned and operated poke shop which offers super fresh island-style seafood and other products.  My family and I were so excited to hear about their opening and even more thrilled after we met the owners and experienced their aloha.  My daughter asks for poke instead of McDonald's.  Imagine that!So far, our favorites are:Hawaiian-style ahi pokeAhi Limu pokeSpicy Tuna Spicy EdimameImitation Crab saladWe also bought and enjoyed Zippy's Coconut Napples, Hawaiian Sun drinks, and some pork manapua's. All were ONO!The only problem with Poke Express?  They're closed on Wednesdays!  Now we can't get poke seven days a week! Highly recommended- guaranteed to please!
5	We are a true fan of the poke in Hawaii. We were so excited to get here LV and find the place. They have it all. Been there a number of times. Always fresh and friendly service. If you know what poke is , then it is definately worth the drive to the North LV for the great kine.
5	Poke express offer a huge selection of island style Poke for a great price. The store is very clean and well run, while the food is fantastic
5	I love this place! We got enough food to feed 4 people for $35.  Try finding enough sushi grade fish to feed 4 people for THAT anywhere else in town!We will be back very soon!
5	THE SASHIMI DEAL OF THE CENTURY!!!I hang out with a couple of Enlightened dudes (and yes, they are the real deal) and the other day as we were chewing on the Dharma one of them said, "I'm going to show you a place that is going to blow your mind, and I mean, really blow your mind." When an Enlightened being tells you that, you better hold onto your ego (if you wanna keep it, that is) 'cause mind-blowing is their forte. But how many times have I heard "I've got the BEST sushi place in the city!" only to have it be a decent but standard restaurant?Once we got to Poke Express, however, my mind WAS blown. Poke Express is not your typical sushi restaurant. Hell, it's not even a restaurant, it's more like a sushi deli. Scratch that, like a SASHIMI DELI! This place is run by a bunch of laid back Hawiians and they sling some of the best damn raw fish that I've ever put in my mouth. Poke is basically sashmi cut up into bitesized pieces and then dressed in various sauces. The Salmon was awesome (although I love it best when I squeeze a bunch of fresh lemon on it). The Ahi is incredible and can be prepared several different ways. I highly recommend Wasabi style and Hawiian style, but I can't imagine that any of the styles would be anything but lip-smacking GREAT.You buy it in 1/2 lb and 1 lb containers. A half pound is great for lunch, but if you're a glutton, you can get 1/2 lb of one and 1/2 lb of the other and really pig out. "But wait," you say, "A POUND of sashimi? That's gonna break the bank!" Au contraire, mon fraire! This uncooked sea dwelling yumminess goes for only $9.00 PER POUND. Yeah, I said PER POUND! Holy Hamachi, Batmansan, one could get THREE POUNDS OF SASHIMI for the price of an All You Can Eat sushi deal, and it's SASHIMI, not the rice laden sushi that we AYCE suchi buffs have to tolerate to get our little fishy friends down our gullet.Friggin MAKE THE DRIVE to Craig and Revere and check this place out. Buy some for today and buy another container for lunch tomorrow. I'm going to be finding excuses to make it over to this part of town every chance I get. If Can, Can. If No Can, No Can!
5	Yes, Poke Express is all that and a bag of chips!  Bringing the Husband here earned me some definite brownie points - we liked it so much that we returned twice within a week, despite us living all the way across town!They have a generous selection of tuna poke, salmon poke, dried fish, and a bunch of other edible goodies that one would expect from a place like this.  Upon entering, we were warmly greeted and took our time perusing they offerings.  When they learned it was our first time, they insisted we try their fish selection.  They wanted us to be sure we liked what we ordered and we happily obliged. Our first visit, we finally walked out with: * Ahi Poke Chile Water Style ($10.49/lb) - Tuna poke that is fresh, tasty, and with a bit of spice.  * Spicy Salmon Poke ($9.99/lb) - I love spicy sauce that is mayonnaise-based with masago mixed in and they do this right! Yum!* Ahi Poke Limu ($10.49/lb) - I slight mix-up in my order since I wanted the Spicy Tuna Poke, but decided to keep it nonetheless since we had already left.  Still tasty and fresh! * Raw Kim Chee Tako ($16.99/lb) - An acquired taste for those not too sure about raw octopus.  The Husband and I like this slimy concoction and they offer it two ways here.Our return visit, we also added an order of:* Top Shell Poke Kim Chee Style ($17.99) - These sea snails aren't for everyone with a slight rubbery texture.  They will mix up the raw fish with whatever sauce they have, so it's pretty much mixed to order!Poke Express is a deli of sorts, unfortunately there's no tables inside or out for eating right then and there.  But I'm sure you'll find a bunch of customers chowing down in their cars right in the parking lot, like us! Be sure to call ahead to find out when they close.  We came the week before Christmas, so the hours varied. They are also CLOSED on Wednesdays!  Also, they ran out of salmon poke during our order so ask to be sure about they have left if it's near the end of the day. They are located in the shopping center where Big Lots is!Thank you yelpers for bringing me here! We'd probably be here everyday if it was closer...thank goodness it's not then!
5	This is not a gem, it is a diamond find for me.Very simple and clean store with a few Hawaiian frozen,snacks and cold drinks on the right side of the store and a glass counter filled with items. Apparently once it hits past a certain time, they freshly make your poke as they don't want any poke to carry onto the next day (we were there about 3:30-4ish). We mention that we havent been there yet and she was like " oh if you come back next time earlier you can sample all the pokes and proceeded to let us try a few ready made items- a marlin limu poke, just a plain tuna cube with shoyu to taste the shoyu sauce, and dried seasoned aku. . I really like the fact that she wanted everyone to try things out as theres so many goodies that sometimes it's hard to decide when you're new what to get.The owners were very much what I love about Hawaii- friendly, talkative and genuine. Talked us up while we were waiting for our poke to be made. Mentioned that I found them online through a yelper's list and that they were getting shining 5 star reviews and he seemed real surprised and happy to hear it.  Very cool, humble island folks.We decided on Ahi limu style and wasabe style and a ocean/seaweed salad. Quality is amazingly fresh and nicely seasoned so $9.99 for 1 lb of poke is a deal!  We had somewhere to be so we ate ours in the car....and yeah I'm such an Asian, I brought me a bowl of rice from home!! HAHAHA! It was fantastic flavors- the Limu had a light garlicky taste and I love the limu/red seaweed in it. The wasabe style was very lightly wasabi flavored, not too overwhelming on the palate but just a kick balanced with the shoyu sauce, fish and seasoning. 1 lb poke, half lb seaweed and some rice, we were full. Our total was $13. Other than 9 or so styles of ahi poke, they had salmon salad and poke and marlin limu poke (I think the salmon and marlin were "seasonal"),  tako/octopus and top shell/snail poke, cucumber kimchee, seaweed/ocean salad, dried aku/seasoned dried aku, dried marlin, pipikaula meat, few kinds tako salad, smoked tako, crab salad, tempura salad (looks like various fish and shrimp cakes). Again, it's a simple and wonderful diamond find. Definitely will be coming on a happy regular and wish this business lots of success. Will be sharing this find with poke fans. She mentioned her family is opening a Hawaiian restaurant next door soon...if it's on par with their poke then this will be the happening Hawaiian area!UPDATE 7/11-ONO like always! I've been wanting to go back since my first time, but it hasn't worked out to come back. Ouu limu and wasabe poke..still as good, consistently fresh fish. I heart this place. Wasn't feeling adventurous today, but I WILL try the tako and snail next time.
5	It's a deli that sells.. what?!....POKE!!I got 1/2 lb ahi poke hawaiian style and 1/2 lb tako poke kimchee styleI think it was under $11. The ahi poke was great. The tako poke was a little salty so I had to eat it with rice.The place was clean. Everyone behind the counter was super friendly. They let you sample everything which is awesome cause there were so many things to choose from.
5	I really like this place.  If you love Sushi, especially Sashimi, you will love this place.  Great quality food and great customer service.  You need to check this place out.  If you're not sure what you'll like, they do provide samples.  So far, everything has been YUMMY!!!
5	I go home to Hawaii every year and the first thing I do when I get off the plane is buy poke (and beer). Now I just make the drive from Henderson to NLV to get my fix! Well worth the drive. The fish is top quality. My favorite is the spicy ahi. They were out when I got there but promptly made a fresh batch up for me!The owners tell me that they will be opening a new location in Henderson sometime soon. Sweet!!! Save gas money.
5	Great selection. For the selection of Poke- all around $10/lb. I tried the Ahi Hawaiian and the Ahi Wasabi- delicious. It's a clean, friendly, family owned deli/market style set-up.  I work less than a mile away once/week which is great, but the only problem is they close by 6PM. :(They also own a new restaurant in that same plaza "808 Hawaiian". I definitely will be trying that next.
5	Not much more I can say than OMG!!!!!!!!!!  SO Amazing!  I tried a bite of just about everything while I was there and STILL couldn't choose!!!  Came back to work with 1.5lbs of Poke.  (1/2 lb each of 3 different kinds) and am already planning my next trip.  If you like sashimi you simply can't beat this place!  They also have a small wall of Hawaiian groceries...
5	After already gorging myself with a pound of poke from another location, I decided to head to this place at 3pm. The nice lady at the counter gave me samples of a lot of their items. The Tuna, Salmon, Tako are all very fresh! The octopus has that proper crunchy taste to it (not mushy and rubbery like other places aaagh!!) and you can literally hear every crunch when you munch! So I ended up going with 1 pound of hawaiian style and 1 pound wasabi style. Sure its a good 30 min drive from me but well worth it, especially when they keep giving me samples after samples!My order came out to be $20.30 to be exact, and while I am saving these tubs for dinner, I think I am going to have another peek under the lid :)Nice clean store, friendly service, they got a nice fish tank too.5 stars
5	After having ahi poke bowls in Hawaii last year, my husband and I have not been able to satisfy our poke bowl addiction...until a few days ago.  We decided to go on a "poke adventure."  We jumped in the car and yelped on the road for poke.  What we found was a 5-star rated place, not far from our house.  When we walked inside, I was a little intimidated by the smallness of the place.  But as we walked to the deli-style counter, we were quickly greeted by the friendly Hawaiian behind the counter and encouraged to try everything.  We tried the ahi poke limu (chili water) and chuka ii dako tako poke (looks like red baby octopus).  We bought both.  The only thing we would have liked was rice, like in Hawaii.  To solve that, we went to the 808 Hawaiian restaurant a few doors down.  I love that we found this place and will definitely go back soon for some poke and Aloha!
5	I was craving some poke so I stopped by to finally try the Wasabe Ahi Poke. It was just ok. I picked up half a pound and also a quarter pound of the Raw Wasabe Poke which was very good. I love how the employees were speaking pidgin with some Hawaiian customers. Even though the Wasabe Ahi Poke didn't satisfy my poke craving, I still gave them 5 stars because everyone who works here is always super friendly.
5	Holy baby.. this is THE go to place for your poke fix.  I have also grew up in Hawai'i and this is the closest poke you are gonna find to Hawai'i poke in LV.  I took home a pound each of the shoyu poke, wasabi poke, and the spicy ahi poke and I had to restrain myself from not eating all three pounds on the way back home!  I wish this location was a lot closer to my house so I wouldn't have to drive so far to get my fix but, all in all, the drive is well worth it.  The prices were much better than other poke places, the fish is always fresh, and being able to speak "pidgin" to the staff was a very nice experience indeed.  If it wasn't so far from me I guarantee I would be here a lot more often than once every few months.  5 stars for price, taste, and experience.
5	During numerous visits to downtown Las Vegas, I was introduced to Hawaiian cuisine.  Nothing too far out of the ordinary - loco moco, spam musubi, oxtail soup, stuff like that.  Good comfort food.I'd never tried poke before:  after doing some searching on Yelp, I decided to shoot up to NLV and try Poke Express.Poke Express is like a deli for raw fish.  The number of choices was somewhat overwhelming, and I didn't know what the hell I was doing.  Thankfully, the folks behind the counter were EXTREMELY HELPFUL.  In fact, they were all over me like flies on shit, let me tell you.  Usually I get a bit defensive in the presence of aggressive service, but these people were so sweet that it didn't make me even slightly uncomfortable.The poke was extemely fresh and I enjoyed it a lot.  However, I made a couple of rookie mistakes.  If you've never had poke and want to try this place, don't make these mistakes.(1)  Don't automatically pick the first two things you like.  The staff will make you try at least six-eight items.  They will, I'm telling you.  They're very persistant.  I'd already purchased 1 lb of poke when I tried the kim chee octopus.  It was FABULOUS.  Wish I could have bought some, but how much poke can one person eat???(2)  Get some rice next door or pick some up on the way home.  You really need some rice.  I ate all the poke and 2 beers in my hotel room, but some rice to cut the poke with really would've helped towards the end...I'll be back on my next visit to LV, and I'm having the octopus...
5	I am amazed at the selection of fresh fish at Poke Express. I read the Ninth Island email last week and was intrigued that a place like this even existed. I have only had "poke" on an appetizer from the Yard house. After viewing the pics and reading the reviews I decided to trek on over since it was only about a 15 minute drive from my house. In my eyes, poke is sashimi with sauces, and this place does it right! First of all, the service is so friendly, they encourage you to sample everything they have. The guy behind the counter was so nice it was like talking to a long lost friend, so laid back. Secondly, the value of the poke is unbelievable!!! If you compare it to the price of sashimi, this place is a steal!!! I also saw little plastic sashimi containers (similar to what I buy at Whole foods) for about half the price that Whole Foods charges. Now for the 3rd reason I stand in awe of this place: the taste!!! Spicy Ahi Poke: Yummy small bits of the freshest Ahi ever, mixed in a spicy mayo/masago sauce. Eating this reminded me of when I was a kid and would eat Cool Whip by the spoonful. It just gets better with every self-indulgent sinful bite. Ahi Poke Kim Chee style: Spicy Kim chee tasting ahi, with crunchy bits of cool cucumber that made a perfect balance. Tako Poke Kim Chee style: My favorite of them all...The octopus was the absolute perfect texture. It was cut in precise thin strips and the flavors all worked together harmoniously. Tako Poke Limu: This was also a tasty find, the flavors were much more muted than the kim chee style, but the crunchiness of the onion slivers and sea weed combined with the sauce to make this a delightful treat. My 6 year old stole this one from me and nearly polished off the half pound container by herself. I LOVE this place...so much that I think I'm going to go there this afternoon again!!!
5	After all the great reviews on Yelp and my undying craving for poke, I decided to give this a whirl.I drove over here on Saturday afternoon to pick up some lunch.  They had a lot of choices but I went for:- 1/2 lbs of the Furikake Poke- 1/2 lbs of the Hawaiian Style PokeI also saw that they had some Lau lau in the freezer so I picked some of that up for another time.  2 Lau Lau for under $9 seems like a really good deal.The poke was fresh and very good.  Completely satisfied with the taste.  Even though the location is pretty far out of the way from me on Craig Rd, I think I'll be making the trek at least twice a month.  The women behind the counter were very nice and let me sample anything I wanted.  There wasn't very much Furikake Poke left but she offered to make some fresh for me and it came out very quick.The store was really nice as well and wasn't too busy when I came by around 3pm.There wasn't anywhere to sit and eat here, like I thought there would be.  This is more of a store where you buy and eat somewhere else.  They do send you off with chopsticks to go.My one wish for this place - that they would open a location somewhere closer to me in Summelrin. I bet they'd get good business on the west side of town.I recommend this place for anyone wanting some genuine Hawaiian food.
4	I have been wanting to go for a long time, but it's hard for me to make it before they close at 6pm. I got there w/ 10 minutes to spare, so basically all the tuna was gone and I couldn't taste all the different things. They still had dried fish looking things and other stuff that doesn't need to be so fresh. The prices for the tuna is about $10.99 a pound, so it's pricey, but not if you compare it to sitting in a restaurant. I ordered some stuff w/o trying, but they were pretty darn good. We had the spicy tuna poke and the furikaki tuna poke. I loved that they go in the back and make a fresh batch for you. While I was waiting, I tried the Kimchi Taco poke (Octopus) and it was really good, so of course I had to get some of that cuz my dad loves Octopus and I knew he'd love such a snack w/ some cold beer.I also love salmon, but they said it's a huge seller and you have to order that in advance, cuz they always run out. I'm totally going to order the salmon w/ the spicy sauce next time. I have to try and come on a morning when I'm off so I can sample all the different things and get a better idea of what I'd like. I did not like the kimchi mussel poke, but that's just me.on a side note:parking is plentiful, location is hard to find on Craig, but look for the Party supply store. i haven't tried the Eastern and Serene location at Island Sushi, but since it's not too far from my work, I'm totally going to get some for lunch and buy some rice at Island sushi. there was just a husband and wife so when they place is a little busy, it's not going to be fast service. this japanese couple from hawaii is super nice. maybe because i was there so late, they never pushed me to try a bunch of things.
5	Was spending a weekend in LV and was amazed by the variety of Hawaiian food options.  Based on the Yelp reviews, I decided to try Poke Express and was glad that I made the drive to the store.Craig Road is a little big of a drive from the Strip, but good food is always worth the extra drive.  I tried a selection of different pokes including the ahi limu, kimchee mussel and the raw tako (octopus) kimchee.  The ahi and mussel are standard poke options, but the raw tako was a unique experience.  A little bit more slippery than squid, and I felt like the guy on "Bizarre Foods".  But if you like sea urchin or salmon eggs, this is a good choice for the unique texture.The service is top notch.  They're willing to give you free samples and when they found out that I was staying at a hotel, they gave me some additional bags of ice to keep the fish cold until I got back to the room.  I'm definitely up for another trip to Poke Express on my next trip to Sin City.
5	Based on Yelp reviews. we had to try Poke Express when we visited Las Vegas. If you are a fan of Poke, this place will not disappoint.The location is set up like a deli counter with a couple of refrigerators and a rack of Hawaiian specialty items for sale. We were only familiar with one type of Poke, so our server was quick to provide samples and recommendations. We bought the spicy ahi, the furikake ahi, the kimchee octopus and the limu ahi. The furikake was our favorite, with its mild sweetness from the oyster sauce.
5	I loved being greeted with a friendly smile immediately upon walking in. The staff was helpful giving me details of their seafood on how its prepared and made from scratch all while sampling about 6 different varieties of ahi. I left with 1/2 lb of shrimp poke kim chee style, shoyu poke and spicy ahi poke for less then $15. I couldn't of been happier! Don't forget to check out their poke bowls. I promise it will NOT disappoint.
5	If you give this place a rating of anything less then 4 stars then you better seek help cause something is totally wrong with you.
4	This place is way too far from me for me to come often, which is a shame because otherwise I could probably spend a lot of money here. They primarily carry ahi poke, but they also offer tako and salmon varieties, plus several other kinds of salads like seaweed and a creamy seafood one. The people behind the counter are exceptionally friendly and willing to offer you samples if you seem curious about a variety. There's also a selection of dried goods and two refrigerators/freezers filled with lumpia, meat skewers and other goodies.I opted for a half pound of their sea salad, a half pound of ahi limu, a half pound of ahi wasabi and a tray of ahi sashimi that comes with a small pile of sea salad and lots of cabbage and sauce. The ahi was fresh and the dressings were tasty but the location is a bit of a downer since I'm on the opposite side of town. The prices are pretty reasonable considering it's fresh fish and the food is tasty, so if you're nearby definitely try it!
5	First time coming to this place, wanted to try it since it had such a great Yelp rating.  The service was very friendly and the food was amazing for a great price.  I ended up getting 1/2 lbs. of Furikake Poke which was to die for.  Definitely coming back=)
5	Best Poke place by far. Staff very friendly they really brought the ALOHA to Vegas besides the fish. Great selection!!
5	So they offer a good selection of island styled poke here! They also bring in a lot of other product from Hawaii to make any island transplant feel right at home here in Vegas with some of there most favorite comfort foods. From lau lau, Portuguese sausage, and even poi! The prices here are reasonable especially for being out here in Vegas. I totally recommend Poke Express for any islander looking to fulfill there need of island styled poke and other local cravings! The area it is in is not hard to find and there is ALOT of parking. The staff here is definitely friendly and more then willing to answer any questions you may have or even products they might or could bring in from back home.
5	Absolutely love this place!  The employees have always been so friendly and helpful.  We loved the Chili Water Ahi but an employee told us about Kimchee Ahi and we were hooked!  So much flavor pops immediately from the bits of poke.  We just wish they served rice and had a little seating area (outdoor or in).  We usually go down just a few shops and get rice from 808 restaurant and eat the poke in the car!!!  YUMMMY!
5	I LOVE LOVE Poke express! Especially the mussell poke. If you're looking for more than just Ahi poke, then this is the place. Not only do they have about 5 or 6 different kinds of Ahi poke, they have tako, opihi (top shelf), mussels, yummy goodness! The staff is super friendly with great pigeon accents and if you are weary, they let you sample some first before buying. I usually buy two or three kinds for myself and end up chowing down on them as soon as I step out the door. The only downside is the store hours. I wish they were longer for those night cravings, but still five stars!
4	This place is AWESOME! I wish we had one of this places in the Bay Area. Nothing beats fresh raw fish with a nice cold one. This place reminds me a bit of Hawaii. The employees here are EXTREMELY nice, well I'm not sure I should call them employees as I believe that it's a family owned business if I'm not mistaken. One thing I like most about family own restaurants, shops etc. Is that they know how to treat their customers, they value you them very well, that goes for any family owned place, not just this one.Back to the poke. We came this was my first time here, but I've tried their fish a few times when my brother brought some back from there. Even though this was my first time here, I've nearly tried everything poke here. From their crab salad, to their seaweed and of course their ahi. My favorite is their ahi they have ocean water ahi, spicy ahi and their regular ahi. They were all good. If you want to try a sample of any of e'm before buying the nice gentlemen will be glad to let you taste anything in their fridge. The prices here you can't beat if I'm not mistaken I got a pound of spicy ahi for no more than $11. That pound of fish will last a whole night with me and the fellas drinking. You surely can't beat that.If you love poke, you better stop by here they have anything you want and more, check it out!Keep up the good work guys I love Poke Express!
5	I had the limu chili pepper ahi, shoyu ahi, Kim chee tako poke and smoked marlin.  They all reminded me of Hawaii instantly from when i walked in till I left, the ladies are so friendly and the food is ONO so go check it out.
5	So, we found out that most of their poke is from the islands.  No wonder it taste so freakin' awesoooome!  It tasted like the real deal.  Worth every bit of a detour in Vegas if you're Hawaiian or if you just love eating poke.  They're in North Las Vegas though so it's impossible to get there without a car or forking out some cheddar for a taxi.  Thankfully, we had a car handy, but I wouldn't mind paying a taxi fare to go there though...yeah, it's that good!The people at Poke Express are cool too.  They allow you to get some samples if you're unfamiliar with a certain item they sell.  The customer service at Poke Express is incredibly good.  True Hawaiian kind.  We left the young dude that helped us with a pretty good tip...it's Vegas baby, Vegas!  Gotta reward good customer service.Anyways, check out my pics to see what I got.  I liked everything but my favorites are the Raw Crab Poke Kim Chee Style and the Wasabi Raw Tako.  You can't go wrong when you're there.  Just ask for a sample and let the poke take control of your senses.  Peace out, brothas and sistahs.
5	The best poke ever tasted outside of Hawaii (except for mom's, of course).  After sampling a few kinds of poke, ordered the salmon w/special sauce, limu ahi, chili limu ahi, wasabi ahi and tako pokes, all super fresh and very ono!  Stop by 808 Hawaii Mixed Plate a few doors down for the gohan and anything else to complete your lunch or dinner....they are ohana so it's all good.  And for dessert, try the green apple slushy with ice cream, you won't regret it!
5	Bomb poke! Best in North Las Vegas, this place delivers the goods!
4	4.5 starsToday was the first time I bought poke at a store.  Until now, I only had poke when I ate out.  All three of the varieties I bought - wasabi ahi poke, garlic style shrimp poke, and kimchee style poke were excellent!  What a great dinner!!The staff was very, very pleasant and the young woman who got my order gave me a garlic shrimp to try.  It convinced me to split my 1/2 pound shrimp order into two types.The price is very reasonable.  Now if it wasn't so far from where I live, I'd stop more often.  Ever think of opening a Summerlin Poke Express?
5	Poke heaven! These folks really understand. I tasted my way through many of their selections, all delicious. They are so patient. Finally got a lot of kimchee style tako poke, plus of course ahi shoyu poke. Made me want to go back to Hawaii, um, how about go back to LV? Now that I found them, I can eat lunch here and then go to 888, a few doors down, later. Both have made me forget about buffets.
5	Friendly staff, Awesome Poke! each bite took me back home to Hawaii! BEST POKE IN VEGAS! HANDS DOWN!
4	If you've never been to Poke Express, think of a deli.  Walk on in, see the items on display, choose what you want, how much you want, and you're on your way!  Your longest visit will be your first visit, since you will take your time and try a sample of everything they offer.  The samples are free, so sample away!  Your future visits will be quick because you will already know what you want.My favorite right now is the spicy combo poke: ahi, cucumber, crab and masago all mixed in a (slightly) spicy sauce.  The other types of poke are tasty, and salmon is offered for some of the mixes.  Outside of tuna and salmon, the other seafood offerings include octopus and mussels.  Non-seafood items include side dishes such as kimchi, seaweed salad and other assorted veggies.  On average, it seems most items are around $10 a pound.  Half pound servings are also available (perfect lunch serving!).One thing I hear often from people that enjoy Poke Express is that they wish they served rice.  No worries, they have that covered now, though it's only on Monday's and Tuesday's.  For two days out of the week they offer rice bowls in two varieties: rice and poke (for $6 I think); or rice, poke and a side (for about $8; Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ewmTwsZqCHH2gvCeDKz0dw?userid=lsZlV02ZdqEzR-qILdT7Cw).Poke Express has changed my view on sushi.  Now, when I'm at a sushi restaurant and someone orders tuna nigiri, I think to myself, "Self, you could get a half pound of poke at Poke Express for that price."  Poke Express has a new fan!
2	The quality and cuts of their fish is declining since they open couple years ago. Do a taste test before buying.
4	Being new to North Las Vegas, I wanted something different for my taste bud and boy did I find it. This was my first experience with Hawaiian Poke and what a great experience! This place was a little tough to see when driving through W. Craig Rd but eventually found it after a couple of tries with the help of my phones Google map navigation. I didn't even get to smell the food on the first try since it was closed. This place have some weird hours. I persevered and made it inside the door the next day.Once inside, I was overwhelmed by how many different kinds of Poke there was. The people behind the counter was a big help. I tasted pretty much everything they had. When it came to picking which ones to take home, I couldn't pick. Everything tasted really good. I just packed up 7 different ones. After trying out all the poke my favorite is the Spicy Ahi Poke and the Wasabi Poke. This is my go to spot for Poke at least once or twice a week. Awesome place!Only cons about this place is their hours as mentioned before and there is no seating area.If you ever end up in North Las Vegas and is looking to try something different or looking for some good Poke, this place is a must.
5	I've been numerous times with no questions about product freshness or quality.  I love the kim chee shrimp, spicy ahi and wasabi tako.  I've tried other items that were great as well.  The staff has always been extremely friendly and more than willing to provide samples and make their offerings to order (I like the spicy ahi with Da Bomb habenero sauce).
4	Let's start this review by saying that I have to go out of my way to get here, but it's so wonderful that I am willing to do so.I walked into the store and was very quickly greeted. I went to the counter and ordered the Spicy Avocado Poke and she asked me if it was a favorite of mine. I told her that I'd actually never been to the shop, so she quickly asked me if I'd like a sample. I tried it and decided it was definitely what I was going to order! She then told me to try a different type, that it was a little bit sweeter. The sweeter sample was also delicious! She asked me if I'd like to sample anything else, so I tried the salmon poke, and again, I was impressed.The overall quality of the fish is very impressive and it is definitely something worth making my way to this location. They have a very large assortment of poke salad using all types of fish. Definitely worth a try!!! Only reason I'm rating this 4 stars instead of 5 is the prices are a tad bit on the pricey side, but they do pick from a high quality of fish, so it's a moot point. Give this place a try, you wont be disappointed.
5	I won't lie, I was hesitant to pop in here because of the location-I mean who gets quality, fresh fish in North Las Vegas? Really? Really?Poke Express is a refreshing change from the below average chain establishments that litter Craig Rd. from east to west, offering not only the freshest catches but Hawaiian products and customer service that is really unparalleled.North Las Vegas. I KNOW. Hear me out.I've stopped in here a couple of times and I believe the owners are a husband/wife team and I've been helped by both individuals while there. Maybe being a lifetime Las Vegan has conditioned me to not expect good customer service....anywhere. I don't know why I'm always surprised to be treated well when I patronize an establishment, but I was really caught off guard by how genuinely nice, helpful and friendly the owners of Poke Express were. Samples. Check. Thorough explanation of daily offers. Check. Recommends of nearby eateries, including what they might consider competitors. Check.But let's get down to what really matters: the fish. You'll have to dig deep in these parts to find ahi this fresh, but I'd dare say that you'd have to do some serious digging around town period to find ahi of this caliber. Fresh. Fresh. Fresh. They have different kinds of poke which I didn't know was an option (my knowledge of poke is minimal, so thought that poke was just another name for tuna)-shrimp, octopus, other kinds of fish-raw and cooked all available in a variety of flavors. I've ordered the spicy ahi and wasabi ahi and recommend both, but the spicy ahi was my favorite. If you come earlier in the day you can get samples and all available varieties are out on display. The first time I went was later in the afternoon and the glass case was mostly empty, but one of the owners explained to me that when it's that late in the day, they make it to order. Prices are market price and they charge by the pound. I found the prices to be pretty reasonable as again you are paying for top notch seafood in the middle of the desert. And their top-notchedness (yup, just made that up), isn't relative to surrounding crappy food establishment-Poke Express sets the bar city-wide for quality. Simply amazing. I would have left here pleased even if the customer service was just so-so, but the owners are quality which made the experience really count for me. I hope they liked me as much as I liked them. Because they're going to be seeing a lot more of me. Soon.
5	So ono! Wonderful fish, wonderful service! I can't believe I didn't find out about this place sooner. I'm bummed they're closed tomorrow!
4	We arrived at poke express with 10 minutes to spare.  The lady behind the counter was SUPER nice and made me wish i really were in Hawaii.  They had put away the poke but she let me know it's made to order.  I was not disappointed. LOVE LOVE LOVED my furikake poke and hawaiian poke.  Next time i'm in vegas i for sure am going earlier to sample it all and to make a picnic out of it.!!
5	The poke was so fresh! Reminded me of home! I drove 30 mins from summerlin for this! I am so glad I did. I got the ahi shoyu poke, Kim chi tako poke, Kim chi muscles, and Taegu....I would say that this poke was better than some place in Hawaii! To the owners: please open one in southern Vegas!!! I would be there all the time! Love love love!
3	the fish is usually fresh, but some things are drenched in sauce so they can get the weight up without putting to much fish and sometimes hide the unfresh fish and dont even put the real weight most of the time.
3	Stopped in here after looking on Yelp for something different. I was pleasantly surprised at the wide selection of fresh authentic Poke. I like that I was able to sample before I bought. I finally chose the spicy avocado ahi. It was good, and mildly spicy. Not over spicy. I really enjoyed this as it was all I had for lunch that day. I know this doesn't look like the place to get amazing Poke(NLV), but you will be happy you did stop in.
5	Another gem of a local business here in North Las Vegas! It's always been a bookmark of mine, but I've never been able to stop by! I've recently gone back (3 times in a month and a half) and went back to see what new combination they've come up with!I really enjoy the freshness of their poke and it really takes you back to Hawai'i if you've ever been! I love their customer service and small talk whenever I come in to order! The couple who owns the joint is extremely cool to talk to! My favorite is their Spicy Avocado Ahi Poke-- your perfect combination of spice and sweetness from the raw Ahi tuna! I also found their selection of different kinds of poke I never knew existed like the mussels poke! If you aren't a seafood person, I don't recommend the place, but if you know someone who loves seafood with an island twist to it, let 'em know that there's a place in North Las Vegas that serves it fresh and unique!Their generous helpings of samples and willingness to have you try their newest inventions gives Poke Express the 5-star rating! As you can tell from my previous reviews, I'm not easy to give a 5-star rating, so don't take the rating lightly! Majority of exceptional places get the 4, but "unique and original with excellent customer service" gives it that 5!So, HI-5 to Poke Express! I'll be back soon enough!
5	I love poke.  How can I not give Poke Express 5 stars.  The choices that you can get here at Poke Express are amazing.  Kim Chee poke, Spicy Avocado Poke, Salmon Poke (I need to try that one!!!)  The list goes on and on.  Just imagine a regular super market deli but all poke!  All of the pokes run about $16.99 per lb which is kinda steep but you indulge in this flavorful poke any chance you get.I have only had the Spicy Avocado Poke but it was amazing.  They let us try out the poke before buying it which is really nice of them, considering each piece is a hefty chunk of the almost extinct tuna... my bad mother earth, tuna tastes too darn good.  My family was able to share a 1/2 lb container with our lunch and have some extra.The first time I passed by Poke Express I thought they were still building the store because it is surrounded by a bunch of empty store fronts.  Second time I saw the actual store and almost slapped myself in the face for missing it the first time.  There is a second location inside of Island Sushi in the Plaza hotel but it is a more limited selection of flavors.  It may be more convenient to get to though!The owner is super nice and he is fun to talk to.  My parents had a nice little convo about back home in Hawaii.  I will definitely be coming back to load up on some more poke flavors!  It goes great with the plate lunches down the street at 808 Mixed Plate, another one of my favorites :D
5	I have to admit, I had my reservations about Poke Express as who would think that you could find good poke in the middle of the Las Vegas desert. In North Las Vegas of all places. But my dad did and because he was such a fan of Poke Express, I stopped in to try some in a way, to honor him. I'm glad I did - not just because my dad knew the owners there - but because they serve some really good freakin' poke. Anyway, the owners are uber nice and informative. I also appreciate, though I didn't really do it - how they offered up samples before I bought. Prices are in line with the cost of fish - and considering it has to be shipped in (remember the location) it's worth every penny. There's a great variety of different flavors of tako and ahi. There were a few other items I didn't take notice of but I'll bet they'll be good, if it's what you like. I went with my usual limu poke and spicy ahi. I got a half pound of each. I had intended on eating a little bit of each as a lunch snack, but it was so fresh and tasty, that I ended up eating the entire pound for lunch, in pretty much one sitting. Anyway, over on Craig Road just east of MLK, on the south side in a strip mall - in North Las Vegas ... there's a place that serves up poke similar to what you'll find in Hawaii. My family lives nearby so it'll just be one more reason to visit ...
5	I love this place. The owners are nice and friendly. The poke is perfect for not being close to the ocean. Wasabi Ahi is the thing to get if you like that wasabi kick. Kimchi crab is also great too and the shell is soft too. The best part is its close to me so I try to go every week. Yup the poke is that good.
5	Fresh tuna/salmon chunks + deli style presentation + delicious sides = win. That is all. You must must must go here for your "sashimi fix."
5	Searching for places around my house in North Las Vegas I stumbled across Poke Express on Yelp. I had ordered poke numerous times in restaurants but had no idea how many different types of Poke there were. Visit in the morning, because the afternoon is just made to order, which is a bit difficult on your first visit. When you visit in the morning the beyond friendly owner will let you sample as many different types as you'd like. I'm pretty sure my friend and I got half a pound of just samples before even deciding what type to purchase. Prices are based on the price of fish so they have been different every time I've been in, but its always been worth the price. My personal favorites are the wasabi poke and the kimchi poke. Both have a bite to them, yum! Great addition to our North Las Vegas community =)
5	The poke is AWESOME here. I come to visit my family in Vegas at least twice a year and every time I'm there we always stop by poke express and usually get the kim chi tako, ahi poke w/limu, ahi poke w/avocado. The prices were expensive when I came out in August 2012 because of a shortage in fish, but it's still cheap compared to other places so AINOKEA. Definitely check it out! It's in the corner of a shopping plaza so its pretty easy to find.
4	Stopped in for lunch today (8/20/12) and saw the following note posted: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ewmTwsZqCHH2gvCeDKz0dw?select=GN9FFYajLyrz9m8Nm7b_-w#GN9FFYajLyrz9m8Nm7b_-wFrom what I remember, most poke was about $9.99/lb when I first started coming here; now it seems prices are around $16.99/lb for most poke.  Same quality food, but higher prices.  With those prices, I'd recommend getting one the poke bowl specials (not pokeball specials) on Mondays and Tuesdays: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ewmTwsZqCHH2gvCeDKz0dw#XgryYTqiWJlmS5EE1cBgWQ
5	Poke is great and the service is always friendly.  Flavors are very precise.  Sometimes a little under seasoned, but still good.  Nice to see the good quality madako.
4	Fresh poke that tastes great. Friendly and charming owner. I'd give it a whirl.
5	Best place to get poke and other stuffs. Owners are really friendly. This place is a go to.
4	Good pokeTasted like the ones on the islandLiked ahi shoyu and limuSalmon poke good tooWasn't crazy about tako thoughDefinitely worth the trip
5	"I love this place so much. They even have lomi oio and poi. My favorite. The owners are so cool. Poke is Ono. just like back home on the islands. Mahalos so much for making this place here. Aloha"
5	"ALL AAAAAA'BOARD! FULL STEAM AHEAD FOR ONO'KINE, ISLAND STYLE POKE!" Who would've thought that this small shop, located in a strip mall in North Las Vegas had some of the best poke around?! Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poke-express-north-las-vegas?select=9Mto2GARkgh9NYhFUHphzw#UIGZnmsLLoZ-9M5ca7bSCAOwned by Darren & Alison, a husband & wife team from Kaneohe.Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poke-express-north-las-vegas?select=9Mto2GARkgh9NYhFUHphzw#SSXen6-ZzE_gm5UbiYee1g'And served with plenty Aloha!The closest thing to poke from the aina that I've found to date on the mainland... 'And of course, I had to drive 4 1/2 hrs from Orange County to find it! (Just think a 1/2 hour more on a plane, I could've been sampling in Hawai'i!) I've tried plenty mainland poke, this was a taste of "home." (People have grumbled about the prices but if you've been to the islands lately, you'd know the prices are comparable to Foodland - $14.99/$16.99 per pound.)'Was on a weekend trip to Vegas and to change things up, my cousin, SE, & I ventured out from the main hub of the downtown/strip area to check out the surrounding, local cities. (Plus I wanted to cruise by the local COSTCO & fill up the tank... 'Not to mention, pick up a case of water versus a single bottle from the hotel lobby for the same price, $5.) Eh brah, I local, not "loco!!"On our way back we yelp*d "lunch" & up came Poke Express - A solid 5 Stars w/eighty-plus reviews, those are good odds. It was about 11:30am & the case was jam packed with great looking choices. If you get to the shop early enough, you can sample as many of the different poke dishes. "Like sample?!" SHOOT'Z!'Looks like we arrived before their afternoon rush, because the unadulterated trays of poke were... 'Beautiful. (Eyes tearing up)Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poke-express-north-las-vegas?select=UIGZnmsLLoZ-9M5ca7bSCA#uFNmAf24mVXopY_NKM4KbgBy the time 3pm rolls around, most of their trays are empty.We left w/a 1/2 pound of:Salmon Poke w/Special Sauce - "Winnahs!..."Kim Chee Tako Poke - "Winnahs!..."Spicy Avocado Poke - "Winnahs!..."Combo Poke - "Winnahs!..."Ahi Wasabi - "And mo' winnahs!"(My two favorites were the Salmon & Spicy Avocado.)After we left here, we stopped by "808 Hawaii Mixed Plate," located in the same plaza. Da poke was ono w/rice!808 Hawaii Mixed Plate - http://www.yelp.com/biz/808-hawaii-mixed-plate-north-las-vegas#query:island%20mixedIf you want to try what local kine poke should taste like, stop by Poke Express.Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/poke-express-north-las-vegas?select=9Mto2GARkgh9NYhFUHphzw#cLy9oIsg3VEEPSz6Cgj5vA(Sorry cuz, no mo' Kama'aina Rate.) 8/Great plaza - Poke & plate lunch?!... 'No can lose bruddah!!- Big Aloha!Food: 4+Service: 5+Ambiance: 5Value: 5
5	Awesome!  Easy 5 stars!Most important thing....the seafood is nice and fresh.  The tuna was super tender and cut well.  The octopus was the same....nice and tender, not chewy or tough.The seasonings were great!  We had 3 different kinds...the wasabi and two others.The wasabi one was amazing...but beware, if you don't LOVE wasabi, some bites are super concentrated and tickled my "wasabi experienced" nose.  Still great!  It was made to order, and not sitting in pans all day, so I know it wasn't due to that.I forgot the other two varieties already, since we got to sample a bunch of them while we are there, I kind of just ordered off the hip lol.But the octopus had some spice to it as well...very good.  Might have been the kim chi one...And we had one more tuna, in another spicy concoction....a mayo / yum yum sauce looking mix.  It was white overall....and super good.  This was probably my favorite one of the 3.Service was cool, and it was nice for them to give us plenty of samples and recommendations to try.It is a little spendy...I think I spent about $30 for 2lbs of meat, but the quality and taste is well worth it.  Save me from an AYCE sushi splurge every once in a while lol.Really wish they had a sit down area or sold rice to enjoy it on site, but for now, this is an excellent take out spot.I will be back!
5	As good as it gets. This place transported me back to Hawaii. These guys do one thing and they do it right--make the best poke in Las Vegas. The variety is unrivaled, and you don't have to worry about picking the right kind. The owner, Darren, was so kind that he let my wife and me try about a dozen different samples before ordering. In fact, he told us he doesn't care if we order or not, so long as we left satisfied. What a sales pitch! I mean, seriously? Leave without buying any poke after sampling how delicious it all was? Get outta here!I will continue to make the hour long round-trip drive to this place as often as possible. Worth every minute. TIP: On Monday and Tuesday, from 10am to 2pm, you can order your choice of poke over fresh, delicious rice (I believe with furikake) for only $6.99.
5	Anyone looking for some true poke to eat can find it here, at Poke Express!You don't understand how long I've been searching to find the best poke in Los Angeles. After being introduced to it in college, the only place I knew about was Tommy's Sushi in Tustin. Fast forward 15 years and places are starting to pop up. Being in Vegas, this was the first place I trekked to.This place is your traditional poke, where they have many varieties. Tako, Ahi, Salmon, shrimp in various poke styles. This place is similar to Hawaii where you buy it in containers and take it home and eat it with rice. My favorites are the Spicy Salmon Poke, the Ahi Chili Water Poke, and the Shrimp Kimchee Poke. I like it tasty and with a kick. If you do too, I recommend those varieties. You can go down to the other end of the plaza and buy your rice at 808 since they two restaurants are family joined.If you have never tried poke before, you are in for a treat. If you love sushi, I guarantee  you will love poke, especially the ones at Poke House. Traditional food, traditional people, reasonable prices. This is now on my top 10 list!
5	Ono Ono Poke! I like how sometimes they will get fish specials once in a while. I really like the Kajiki (marlin). I got to keep my ahi taste buds excited and this is the place to get them working. The fish is always fresh, and if you don't like driving around las vegas for hawaiian food, they also carry poi, lau lau, and kahlua pork in the refrigerator/freezer. I can't remember if they have portuguese sausage though. This is usually my one stop hawaiian shop.
5	Having just come back from Maui earlier this year....this place is legit!  The fish is extremely fresh and I'm in LOVE with the furikake ahi poke....yes this is the bomb diggity!! It's so delicious, that I even ate the onions that come with it...generally I avoid the onions but the marinade soaks into the sweet onions and it doesn't even taste like an onion anymore.  I also tried the shoyu ahi poke which was also delicious, but I like the hint of sweetness with the furikake.  I thought to myself I can probably make this....so I headed over to Greenland the next day to check out fish prices....$25.99/lb for ahi there....the price for ahi at poke express $15.99/lb....on second thought, I'll let Poke Express keep my belly full and happy.  Some places also give you big chunks of onions and charge you for that instead of big chunks of fish...but not this place. They also have poke bowl specials Monday/Tuesday until 2pm.  If you haven't been here, you NEED to go!
5	fresh poke everyday. even when they are about to close, and they are out. the owners will go in the back and whip it up for you fresh. As good as it gets. I have had the imitation crab avocado combo. not a big fan of spicy, but this has just the right amount. kimche mussels poke was great and so was the shoyu and salmon poke. you get what you pay for, and it's worth every penny.
5	So good. I am so happy that I found this place! I was beginning to wonder if Las Vegas had any place to buy fish. It took me three years to find this place, but I am glad I did!
5	I first tried the deliciousness of Poke Express back in January when I was in Vegas for work. Since then, I had been having mad cravings for their salmon poke. Flash forward to this past weekend when my partner and I decided to take an impromptu road trip to Las Vegas. We're both from Hawaii, so Las Vegas is really like the 9th island to us. We drove 4 1/2 hours from LA and headed straight to Poke Express (instead of hitting the slot machines)--best decision we ever made.Coming around lunch time was perfect because they had everything in stock (I imagine they probably run out of their popular items a bit later in the day). We were able to try some of their specials of the day (marlin, yum yum!), but eventually we settled on some of our favorites: shoyu ahi poke, salmon poke, and shoyu furikake ahi poke.  The cuts of fish are fresh and good quality and their sauce is unrivaled. My favorite is the salmon poke--the buttery taste of the salmon complements their sauce well. Customer service there is always awesome--the owners are so friendly, it really makes me feel like I'm back home. If you're feeling homesick for other Hawaii goods, they do have a few shelves of some of the Hawaii staples: shoyu, S&S saimin, soda crackers, nori, Hawaiian sun juices, and even frozen malasadas! Just a note, this is not a proper restaurant, but more like a deli. There are no tables inside, but you can go to the plate lunch place in the same shopping center and cry your homesick for Hawaii tears in your food.  TIP: If you plan on buying some poke for later (or to take home--which is what we did), you can ask for the sauce on the side for the salmon poke. It prevents the poke from getting too soft by the time you get around to eating it. The owner also suggested calling ahead if you plan on buying a large amount, so they can set it aside for you. You can bet I'll be doing this next time! *Check out my pictures for close ups of the shoyu ahi poke, salmon poke, and shoyu furikake ahi poke.
4	I drove by on a Wednesday and they were closed.  This time I made sure they were opened.  They were located on W Craig Rd/west of I-15 in North Las Vegas.I was given 2 samples of Ahi Poke.  The first one was the traditional Ahi Poke.  The second one was a Shoyu Ahi Poke.  I ended up buying 8 ounces of the traditional Ahi Poke.  There were big chunks of firm ahi with just enough flavorful marinade.  The ahi wasn't swimming in the sauce.I will be back!
5	This place so good and very fresh
5	I have been to this location many times over the past year. The quality of the Ahi Poke is consistently high quality, and the price is very reasonable. Also there are many varieties of poke to choose from. The service is quick and the owners are extremely nice and helpful. Store hours are 10:00am - 6:00pm, closed Wednesday. TAKE OUT ONLY.
5	Love this place! Everytime I'm in Vegas I have to come here n grab some to go. It also walking distance is 808. Both places have awesome food & service! And Monday you can get a poke bowl!!!
5	Awesome family owned seafood deli! Me and my coworkers devour the tuna and salmon poke on a regular basis! I'm hooked!
5	I went here since I was craving some fresh tuna and it's close to home. They have a lot of options: spicy, Hawaiian, wasabi, octopus (tako), crab, imitation crab, shrimp, salmon. There also also garlic bulbs, edamame and kimchi. They have Hawaiian goodies such as Hawaiian popcorn, chocolate covered macadamia nuts, lihing powder, crackers, guava jelly, etc.I got a pound each of their wasabi ahi, spicy salmon and Hawaiian ahi - per the boyfriend's request. They gave me a free tub of wasabi ahi! The ahi and salmon were so fresh (not mushy and gross) and packed with flavor.  A pound of fish is about $14.  The wasabi ahi can clear your sinuses without a problem.  The spicy salmon isn't spicy at all - it has a mildly spicy mayo and masago.  Everything was soooo delicious!I had to make rice for the boyfriend since they don't serve rice at Poke Express - which isn't a big deal to me since rice is easy to make and I don't even eat rice.  They don't have tables and chairs - it's mainly a to-go place.The owners (husband and wife) were nice and very friendly. We were talking about baskteball and that sealed the deal for me! Good conversation + excellent food = happy customer who definitely will be coming back for more.
5	Great service, amazing poke and crab combo, and a nice atmosphere overall. I will definitely keep coming back for more!
5	I have driven past this place dozens of times going to get teriyaki without know what it was. Finally saw Poke on a food show about a month ago and knew I had to try it. Stopped in yesterday and got the Monday/Tuesday bowl special with spicy ahi and crab kimchee, the owner with a smile warned, "Now you're gonna be hooked." Only complaint I have is that when I went back to get more today I realized they're closed on Wednesdays. But there is definitely tons of Poke in my future.
5	This was worth the 8 hour drive. I felt Aloha spirit here @ Poke Express. and I could taste it in their Poke. The gentlemen made sure we had samples before making our decision and it was worth every penny. This is a must visit in Las Vegas.
5	fresh poke awesome people, as good as you can get in las vegas! love the spicy avocado poke!
5	As far as poke goes, this is as good as it gets. They have so many options I didn't know where to start! I only wanted a light lunch so I grabbed some Kimchee poke and the ocean salad. The poke was so extremely fresh. I instantly regretting only buying 1/4 lbs because I seriously could have eating double that. The kimchee flavor was subtle, there was a nice kick of spice but not too overpowering. The ocean salad was nice and fresh. This is pretty much a seaweed salad and it was a nice accompaniment to the poke. Great fresh flavor. I'll definitely be back to try some of the other offerings. My only complaint is that I wish there were some tables to sit inside. My mouth was watering so much I could not wait to get home to start eating so I was chowing down in my car. A must try.
5	Alright, I'll admit it, I was one of those skeptics who thought there was no way a place called Poke Express in North Las Vegas could have a legitimate 5-star rating. I was wrong...Poke Express is a small deli-type store which serves... you guessed it... poke! For those of you who do not know, poke is small cuts of fish (mostly tuna) that are seasoned and served cold. The poke selection is not as big as those you would find in Hawaii' but you got to remember you're in the middle of the desert. Ahi Shoryu Poke - Tasted fresh with a slight soy sauce flavor?Dempura? - Fish cakes, tasted just like that which you would get at a Korean restaurant, so if you like those, then you will definitely like this one.Spicy Combo Poke - The money of all pokes. The slight spicy kick is what really set this poke over the edge. Beware though as this poke is not "light".Rice w/ Furikake - At first I wasn't quite sure if I wanted rice, but after furikake was mentioned I had to get myself an order. For only $1.50 you get a pretty good amount of rice and the furikake adds exceptional taste.The one thing that really made Poke Express was the great service. The owner was a nice Hawaiian man who really spent time to explain all the different types of poke and let us try EVERYTHING we wanted to try. He was very patient and definitely made the experience very pleasant for everyone. On top of that he could definitely hold down a good conversation.Overall: If you love poke than you will love Poke Express.
5	if there is a silver lining to the sad fact that too much of the best sashimi grade fish in the pacific gets sucked up by casinos to shove down the throats of gluttonous fat cats from dubai and nyc and hong kong, poke express deserves the honor.i wouldn't have known to visit this joint except that it got a perfect 5 star rating on yelp. you can imagine how disappointed i was to find a storefront appointed with a exactly a deli case, a few hawaii travel posters and a couple strapping something-teen young dudes working the counter. they leisurely interrupted the conversation they were having in a lazy pidgin with a couple other islanders, one of whom was the size of a volkswagen and who couldn't stop smiling if his life depended on it. "you like poke bruh? it's raw fish ya know." i told them i did in fact love poke but that i had no idea there were so many kinds (they offer about 8). they let me try the lot of them. the limu and the chili water were the clear winners, so i grabbed a half a pound of each for less than hat i'd expect to pay for a custard dish full at a sit down joint in SoCal. the hiyashi wakame was a steal at $5 a pound, so i grabbed a bunch of that too. the raw wasabi tako is one of the most delightful things i have ever had the pleasure to taste. needless to say, the wasabi was real and not this green horseradish paste that virtually every sushi place gobs on your plate.  they had no tables, no plates, no rice, nothing. they did kindly refer me to the teriyaki joint next door who were virtually empty and only to happy to sell me a plate of rice and veggies, thus giving me a place to scarf down my ahi and octopus. that's good neighborshow good was it? let me just say that before my visit to the poke express, i had no idea i could come in my own mouth. now i know i don't need to take my clothes off to do it.like the sign on the wall say: "IF CAN, CAN. IF NO CAN, NO CAN"poke express definitely found a way, carry on island dudes. carry on.
5	Working in Vegas and was looking for something different and was just taking a chance to see if there are poke restaurants in the Sin city and lo and behold Yelp had several listed.  My attention was directed to Poke Express based on 5 star ratings and the close proximity to our North Las Vegas data center.  I had to wait for Thursday since they are closed on Wednesday.  The glass shelf have a lot of selections and the young kid offered samplings to about 6 items that I asked about so very accommodating and friendly.  I bought a total of 3 different pokes and seaweed salad and rice and the first bite made me feel like I am back in Hawaii.  I plan to hit this place a couple of more times before heading back to the Bay Area.  Add this to my Vegas favorites when I return.
5	Went to the Poke Express 10:00 am on a Sunday morning. The owner tells me that by the afternoon, all of the stuff in the glass is normally empty so if you want to try samples, its only in the morning. Overall, the poke was awesome and pretty darn fresh considering this place is in the middle of the desert.
4	Who would have known I'd be able to get my poke fix in Las Vegas? Fresh poke made to order and every single bite did not disappoint. We ordered limu poke and spicy ahi poke... mouth watering! Every piece had the perfect amount of seasoning and blends. Not only do they sell poke but they also desserts. I wanted to try their malasadas but unfortunately they had ran out already. In addition, they also sell Hawaiian Drink mix! For those who drink more than the can this is the best way to go! Next time I'm in town, you know I'm for sure to hit up Poke Express!
5	Best Poke Place!  The food was fresh and the Owner's were really nice.  Went their early and the owner insisted that we try their poke and we were not disappointed.  Being  my first poke experience it rocked my world especially for the price.  Sushi quality food for half the price
5	Just have to give them the credit they deserve!As far as finding a place in Vegas to get poke, it doesn't get better than Poke Express.They have lots of options and everyone I have tried has been delicious!The people there are always friendly when I go in, and they always make me try the different options. I love free samples as much as the next person!The store is very simple, nothing fancy. Also, it isn't really a place to go sit down and eat.  But the food, which is what matters, is ono!They usually have poi shipped in on Thursdays. Anyone who likes pokes (or who doesn't know if they like poke) should try this place!
5	Yummmy yummmy yummmy, I love coming here for my poke fixing whenever im in the north town. Everything is so fresh and tasty here, I could never get enough of it. I love the variety at poke express( limu,wasabi,soyu,spicy and garlic) so theres alwayse something for everyone. I can eat poke all day everyday lolz, as long as I have some rice! Everytime i drop in i'll usually pick up a couple pounds of limu poke and limu tako to eat at home and work. Anyways if your looking for delicious poke make sure you come to poke express, YOU GONNA LOVE IT !
5	Not even a week after I moved to Vegas, I was already searching for somewhere to get my fish from! Soooo glad I found this place! Everything was so good, the guy who worked there was super cool. Giving us tips where we can find rice and other stuff. They also sell stuff from home that you can't really find here, gallon aloha shoyu, mochiko flour, the good kine Mochi crunch. Making this place a ritual for sure!
5	It's as close to home as I can get and right around the street from the house.  Staff is aloha-spirit to da max and takes care of you for whatever you need.  Go on the days they have the poke bowls... I can't remember what day.  They also have fresh poi.
5	Its no secret why poke express has 5 stars. Anyone who has been here knows what I'm talking about! I have recommended this place to all my friends and without a doubt they are very pleased! Fresh poke everyday, my favorite is hands down the kimchi tako poke (octopus). Also try the tuna poke, kimchi mussels and seaweed salad! You order by the pound and the prices are market priced which is fair I think. Don't mind the smell walking in, you'll get used to it.
5	Love love love this place. I know all good things should be in moderation but I can't get enough of this place. They give you samples of everything so you can be sure you'll like it. It's a little pricey but that's the norm with any good fresh fish.
5	Came here because of Nelson Q. and his wonderful UYEs.  Their poke is wonderfully good!  I love both their traditional style pokes as well as some of their explorative variations.  I don't think you can go wrong here with what you order, but even better than that is the fact that you can taste anything before you buy it!...I'm told you need to come earlier do that consistently though since they run out of some of the prepared items.  If you need a place to start though, check out their   Ahi Shoyu, Spicy Ahi, Ahi Limu,and Limu Tako Poke.Some have complained that they are a little expensive...I still think it's worth it though and don't know of any better poke around...so if it's poke you want Poke Express is a must.They are a counter style small business without any seats.  Nelson brought us a few doors down to 808 Mixed Plate since they're owned by the same family and allow you to eat Poke Express items in their...plus 808 is tasty enough to check out while you're there as well.
2	2.5 stars. Express indeed. Everything are premade and marinated. Reasonable pricing but average taste. 5 stars here doesn't reflect how it is everywhere else. Poke wasn't as fresh as you'd like it to be but passable. I didn't rate it 3 stars because it'd be giving them too much credit.
5	Delicious poke at very reasonable price. I tried a couple of things and ordered 1/4 of the ahi poke limu, spicy poke and crabmeat salad. Love all three of them and I can't wait to try to the other ones on my next visit! Also, friendly and great customer service!
5	Bristol Farms used to have the best poke. Sadly, they have been dethroned!!! I say that for selfish reasons as now, if I wanna enjoy the most scrumptious poke ever, it'll take a four-and-a-half hour car drive as opposed to a thirty minute one.Don't believe me?! You can hit the pool party later cause you know your phat ass is hungry anyway. Plus, it's November n cold as heck. Nobody at the pool n Bubba gonna be on turtle status.We had the spicy, limu, n wasabi styles ahi poke. My favorite was the wasabi. Helped me keep from pluckin dem long nose hairs cause they was on fire! That was a compliment. LOL peeps inside were hella cool too!
5	this place is top fish in terms of poke. vast variety of tako, ahi, and crab poke. they even have dried aku, opihi, and hanalei poi. their poke is something I can eat everyday no joke. I read a review saying they would drive four an a half hrs for this poke and I would agree, this is one of those places that driving for hrs is worth the reward cause their poke is crazy good and would highly. ..HIGHLY!! Recommend them to anyone! I go there weekly and their specials is mean!! poke bowls, cone sushi, maki sushi. dis is one place you cannot go wrong, da people is awesome and you can tell they have the aloha spirit and it shows in the food they make! Mahalos for bringing a piece of home to las vegas Poke Express!
5	When I first got here, I felt kind of awkward because I was the only person here. The person working was really nice. I asked what a popular one was and he just said "I don't want to steer you to get something you don't like, so it would be better for you to try it." He was very concerned about me just trying something without knowing if I'll like it. I thought that was good customer service. They have a lot of different flavors, he let me have samples of everything so I knew what to get. I was getting food for my friend too and decided to get 1/4 of each flavor. Honestly, I don't remember everything but my 3 favorites are: shoyu, kimchi, and kimchi mussels.The food: the food had a fresh taste. There wasn't too much sauce so you could really taste everything. I would definitely recommend this place and get multiple different flavors! It'll be like a fish buffet, can't go wrong with that!
5	If I can add 5 more stars I would. Best Poke ever!!! I used to be a live and work a couple of miles away from thus place and would frequent it. Whenever I'm back in town, I always always come and get my poke fix. If you like poke... This is the place to go to.
5	I'm going back again tomorrow - this place is extremely delicious! The fish tasted great and the service was excellent. I tried most of the flavors and they were all great.
5	I decided to try it after reading the raving reviews and I am so glad I did!!  I can't believe how good everything tasted...I mean, this is seafood in the desert! This is definitely going to be my regular go-to place :). To top it all, the staff was so friendly and helpful...made me feel like I was in Hawaii.
5	Very happy to review this place after so many visits. It may not look like much with no seating and a deli-like set up, but the food is something that really temps & fulfills the soul.  First off, the quality and authenticity is truly something to be admired. I have always been impressed with everything I've  received. My personal favorites are ahi limu, ahi wasabi, and ahi kimchi. Although the sauce base is used for most or all of the ahi poke I believe, each one is still unique and nothing short of flavor. *Come in early and they are more than happy to let you sample anything to your interest or liking, when fresh product is still available around noon or so. Also, they do military discount which is a great deal for such quality. Customer service is so personable and warming. Really makes you fee like you are walking into their home. One of my favorite places for raw fish anything.
5	So I went for the first time today with my husband and son.... I was very pleased! The moment I walked in... We were greeted and was asked if we needed any help... I had let them know that it was out first time... They were more than happy to let us sample almost everything and the atmosphere felt like home... Okay so after trying basically everything I decided to go for the chili water ahi.... YUM! The quality is very fresh and oooo so good... My only downfall is that I wish I knew about this place when I first moved here years ago! The ocean salad is yummy also! I was surprised that they had kimchee marinated raw crab... This was one of the foods that I ate being brought up as a kid and oh did it bring back great memories! I am soo glad that I decided to go and try this place out! This is now my favorite place to go and living close by is such a plus! I would def have all my friends and family come here for some good fresh food! Good Poke! Great job! This place is a keeper!
5	Best poke in Las Vegas! No discussion needed. Don't be deceived by the strip mall. This isn't a restaurant, it's a small market that serves up the best poke in town. Grab some on your way to the beach for energy to surf. Oh wait. It's so good, you'll think you're on the Islands. Seriously.Just tried the dried seasoned Aku. Wow! So tender and flavorful. Better than beef jerky.Wasabi Ahi poke is still my favorite. Not too spicy, packed with flavor, Ahi melts in your mouth. Get it with the sauce on top.My stomach says mahalo!
5	The OTHER poke place in town with two locations, one in the North side on Craig, the other one on Eastern on the southeast side. This location is not attached to a restaurant like the other location is. No pros/cons in that. just saying. Less busy in comparison but still popular. A lot of times i'm in this area, is due to work, and usually that's sometime in the mid afternoon. By then, most if not all the ahi poke is gone but the best thing is, even if they are out, you can still order and they'll make some for you ! My two favorites is their spicy ahi poke and the limu ahi poke. Spicy Ahi Poke is the one with a mayo/kewpie sauce with masago and some chili sauce (probably sriracha). Slightly spicy. (prefer to be more spicy... wonder if i can request it to be more spicy?? NEXT TIME !) masago gives a nice surprising popping texture which is nice Limu Ahi Poke is a poke with limu (algae or seaweed), and chopped green onions. In comparison to Hawaiian Poke in Chinatown, i actually like this a bit more. Their limu is a bit more crunchy and the salt crystals they put arent as big.
5	I actually found this place on yelp years ago,I figured I see. A lot of kama'ainas, they gotta get food somewhere .. Now I can't go to Vegas without coming here for my poke fix... Best poke in the mainland... Period...reminds me of getting poke at Foodland...I'll be back there soon... Aaauuuu raaiiiii!!!!
5	Delicious! This place is amazing. The owner and staff are absolutely wonderful and very accommodating. They are more than happy to give out samples and to me, those samples got me hooked!Every morsel is packed with flavor. I particularly like the Spicy Poke Combo and Wasabi Poke. Yum! Fresh and mighty tasty.
5	I can't say I'm a poke expert but this poke experience was pretty amazing! Fair warning though that there is no where to sit and eat inside Poke Express. However, the guy working the counter told us to just walk a couple stores down to 808 Hawaiian (a restaurant) after we bought it and they would have rice (extra charge) and seating. He was actually quite helpful and gave us samples of different poke and told us a half pound is just about enough for 1 person if you're eating with rice.  We ended up trying 4 different types of poke. The first was the fresh salmon with shoyu (aka soy). This has a very sweet flavor and the shoyu sauce is more of a thicker glaze than a regular soy sauce. It tasted very good but I'd recommend getting this with another poke as it could become too sweet eating just this one alone. The second poke was the wasabi tune poke. Very delicious and you can definitely taste the wasabi! My two favorites were the spicy tuna pokes. We actually tried a regular spicy poke and a hotter poke. I enjoyed both equally. The price was roughly $13.95 per lbs for the tuna and salmon pokes.Tips: - Go early as they run out of fish throughout the day- Get at least 2 kinds so you don't get sick of eating just one kind. - Go to 808 Hawaiian down the street to get rice and seating. Over all a 5/5 on the poke! Super fresh salmon and tuna! You guys have to try it!
5	From the service, to the fresh selection, and to the prices... This place nails greatness all around. They mix the poke fresh with each order... Many different combinations to choose from... The lunch poke bowls are what many can describe as get it while its available! Because as soon as he runs out of rice your just stuck with the fish lol... But awesome awesome awesome... You kinda have to question how the hell this guy has some of the freshest selection of seafood in the middle of the desert valley!
5	Freshest poke I've had in Las Vegas!   No reason to go into too much detail about Poke Express since it's been done with all these reviews on here. If you love fresh poke and never been to Poke Express, then you're missing out.  All the 5 star reviews for Poke Express isn't hype.  If you crave fresh "as good as it gets" poke, then Poke Express needs to be on your list. My Favorites:-Spicy Salmon:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=boCExakbpzFzpWRfuTFuZA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ-Ahi Poke w/Chili Water:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=hUDI7snJJ5DGwl7YO8239Q&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQTips:-Don't expect a dining area here.  You can enjoy your poke standing inside, grubbin' in your car, as take out, or do what I do from time to time...I take it to Teriyaki Madness next door and eat it with a bowl of brown rice. -Expect to meet the nicest owners.  It's been a long time since my previous visit and they still treated me like they know me.  They definitely know their regulars by name. YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (054/366)
5	I love trying new things and heard about Poke Express. This place is pretty out there for me in terms of what I am used to. I tried the Mussels Kim Chee style, Baby Octopus and some sort of Salmon Ceviche. All of the items were fresh and while the only thing I personally enjoyed was the Mussels, all of the items that Poke Express had looked interesting. They will make Ahi fresh and cut it when ordered. They also offer other items which are presented in a convenient store setting. I will be definitely going back for different things to try. The prices are fair and you can make a mix of anything they offer. I am so glad I found this place.
5	Love this place because this is the closet to what I enjoy back home in Hawaii. It doesn't taste as fresh as Hawaii but it still good to me.
5	I see what all the fuss is about.. The store front does come to you fast if your looking for it for the first time on craig so make shure you look for it or will be doing a u turn like I did. I ordered Ocean Salad and the kim chee style dish. I have been to many Korean restaurants in the past and have tried ocean salad and bye far this rocks basically ate the whole thing in one sitting ! I wanted to try the kim chee dish cause I love kim chee and its really good not to spicy like you might see but descent heat to it. The products are really fresh and great. flavors etc. The owners are very friendly and accommodating to new customers witch is nice. I did see a blue fin sashimi looked really good. I wish they did have a little flyer hand out though for call in's or catering would be nice to have since I am a new local its always great to find restaurants that are really amazing thanks yelpers. !
5	Excellent!  Can't believe I found this place. Everything is so fresh and the owner is just the nicest!  It's really nice to get a REAL taste of Hawaii.  I am so impressed!
5	I'm dreaming of being on a sandy beach near Kona, Hawaii and craving Da Poke Shack and so sad it's not real, but BAM, here come Poke Express with the exact same thing! Total Score & totally worth the drive anytime I'm craving poke. The only thing that made me sad was no rice when I came in (not sure if they ever have it). The poke here is really good & can't wait to go back
5	My first review, for a place worth reviewing! Was looking for food places in north Las Vegas for when me and my friends come up from San Diego for the spartan race, and i am sooo glad I came across this! Best poke in the mainland!! So many choices and all of them are sooo good!!! I ended up getting the ahi furikake, garlic ahi poke with shoyu and salmon poke with special sauce... I only got less than 1lb of each cause of it being perishable and we had a 5-6hr drive back to San Diego. ;( ;( I wish they had a store in SD cause I would be hitting it up everyday! The owner and I think it might've been his son? were really nice!! They totally showed the aloha spirit. Now I know why the have perfect ratings. Next time I come to Las Vegas, I am definitely hitting this place up again! This place is def a "must go-to" spot now for me.
5	If you want amazing ahi and nice, genuine employees then come here! The poke is delicious and definitely something you wouldn't expect to find in Las Vegas! The owner is so nice and funny and you can tell how much he loves bringing poke to the people of Las Vegas. I just want to make a point of how nice he is. Usually when you go to places you get those annoyed looks from employees when you want more than one sample of something. BUT this guy was encouraging us to try almost everything! He loved showing us all the different kinds of poke/other fish he had! Definitely recommend this place!
5	All I have to say it that this place is defo 5/5. Fresh fish. Delish. OMG, am I in Hawaii? Nope, it's north town.Ordered the following: Ahi poke with furikake: 5/5 just like a regular poke, with it's usual seasonings but it comes with furikake. Comes with a kick of sweetness.Ahi poke with limu: 5/5 Comes with seaweed. It's not bad, it's actually good! This one would be my fave!Ahi poke with wasabi: 5/5 A kick of spiciness. Yum! Ok, I lied, this one is my fave.Ahi poke (regular): 5/5 Obviously the regular version.Fresh crab poke: 5/5 A little raw for me but if it's too raw you can always pan fry it for a quick minute or two. Service: Well, the guys need to up their game. STOP MUMBLING! I had a hard time understanding the guy who helped me. He was trying to explain to me what one of the pokes tastes like. I gave up. Would defo come back. I would come back on a hot summer day, buy poke and head to a pool. It'll like Hawaii but with fake water. Ha.
4	It's basically a store front, there's no seating, but they seem to love offering you samples. Great for sushi parties, and if you've never had one, throw one, they're awesome!
5	The 9th island comes to my rescue again. Outstanding poke.  The owner is great to visit and discuss poke, deep sea fishing, and the finer aspects of what make his poke so good. Good food like this is not cheap, but you only have so many meals in this life so why not make them worth while? This is something I look forward to once a week. Can't wait for one to open in Summerlin! Please!
4	First tip: This place has NO seating. Don't plan on eating there.Quality was great, they make the spicy poke while you wait - it's not very spicy, but super good. That and the hawaiian style are the best. Service is not so great, disgruntled teenage boy who I think completed 3 sentences. But who cares? I will be going back for sure.
5	Ahhh....Maui all over again...at least it brings me back to my days in Maui when I sample the creamy ahi poke with the tobiko, the spicy wasabi poke, and the spicy avocado poke.  This is my first time to Poke Express since it is in North Vegas.  I live in Hendo so I am rarely in N Vegas for anything.  Because I went to volunteer at Three Square this morning, I decided to make a trip out of this.  After Three Square, I went to the UFC Gym to sweat a bit, and head straight to Poke Express.  The time was 1:30pm, so I figured I might not get to sample many items since per the other reviews, it may not be available.  Must be my lucky day because I get to sample  all types of ahi poke.  I decided on 1 lb of wasabi poke, 1/2 lb of creamy with tobiko poke, and 1/2 lb of spicy avocado poke.  All for only $32 pre-tip.  I raced home to share with my husband since we both enjoyed the poke in Maui together (in which the trip was for our wedding).  So, even though we may not be going to Maui anytime soon, we can get a taste of Maui by coming to Poke Express and get our ahi poke fix.
5	I'm not going to pretend I am an Ahi Poke expert. I'm not going to claim I know what Poke is suppose to taste like. But I will say this-- BEST POKE I HAVE EVER HAD thus far. I've been wanting to try this place out for years but for some reason Poke Express always loses the argument when it comes to other places to eat. Today I wanted something small & not a big meal so I opt for poke! Definitely not what I had imagined. It's a very small store. You can't sit anywhere to eat, not a restaurant. You just tell them what you like and you gotta get outta there. The Pokes weren't out because we came around 4 & they make it to order at this time of the day. If you come when they open, 10am, all the Pokes will be out so you can actually try them all out before you decide which one you want. The staff were very helpful to us first timers. I decided on the Spicy Ahi & the crab combo. & they were sooooooo good! The crab combo had a good kick to it. The ahi wasn't spicy at all but nonetheless still really good! Only bad thing about it was, I didn't order more! Next time I want to try the Kim Chi Ahi & the wasabi ahi! Definitely coming back!
5	Even if this place served the worst food, it would still do well because the owners/staff are too nice!  But it does serve fantastic poke.  It's my favorite thing about working in my North Las Vegas office on Wednesdays, it means I can go here.My personal favorite is the one with avocado (yes I understand that you get less fish for the money if there is avocado mixed in... but you know what, I don't care!!
5	Wow. I tried this place based on the reviews and it was better than everyone said.  I've had poke in many locations but this by far the best. The service was amazing, they let me sample the different poke and gave great advice.   The prices were very reasonable, I've bought plain sushi grade fish for more than this poke.
5	Soooo ono!Thank you for being here so I can still enjoy my local-kine-island-girl roots. haha. I have actually never been to the location, but my family picks up poke all the time from Poke Express and I have never been let down yet. All kinds of deliciousness coming from you.
4	Love this place - great Ahi Poke and friendly staff - great accommodating service - Highly recommend - cleanliness could always be a better factor - however nobody is perfect - Great Job
5	This was the first time I had Poke.  It will not be the last.  The food here was fresh, interesting, and delicious!
5	Hands down the best poke shop we've been to. The owner is so nice. We bought 1/4 of 5 different items to try. Everything was great. We especially liked the salmon furikake. Went next door to 808 Hawaiian Mixed Plates to get some rice and eat there.
5	There's a reason Poke Express has a solid 5 star rating with the amount of reviews that it has.  Poke on its own is absolutely delicious and amazing, but what really sets this place apart is the owner.For an "express" eatery, the customer service that Darren and company present is above and beyond what you would expect.  He takes incredible pride in what they produce.Upon hearing that my friends and I were from New York, he insisted that we sample every single one of the pokes they had available, with absolutely no obligation to buy anything.  The passion with which they believe in their product and authentic happiness they express for your enjoyment of their stock is infectious.Of course my companions and I ended up getting a few pounds of poke.  It doesn't matter how full you might be, there's always room for pounds of poke!
4	Very good, simple and fresh poke served by nice people. They have many different flavors to choose from and the value is excellent. Definitely worth the trek away from the Strip to get a good take-out meal. It would have been nice if they had some seating so we could have eaten there, but I would definitely go back.
5	By far the best poke I've had outside of Hawaii thus far.  We were greeted by the owner, who showed us such friendly Hawaiian hospitality and took the time to let us try their different flavors. The selection is great and the fish tasted delish...all-around fave was the Ahi Furikake.  If you're ever in Vegas and craving that island poke, this place is legit and you could even get Hawaiian specialty items that they import in.  This place definitely has that Hawaiian island feel that I love...and miss :)
5	My husband and I have been stalking this place via Yelp for a while now. We come to Vegas on an annual basis and after our poke filled honeymoon in Hawaii last fall we knew we could not pass it up on this trip. Although it's quite the trek off the strip (if you're a tourist like me) it is totally worth it if you're looking for that same poke experience you get on the islands. The place is family run and every person working was happy to talk to us, explain the different dishes, offer tastings, and share stories about the family and business. The service alone is reason enough to come here. If you're not familiar with poke it is important you know what to expect. The store is not a restaurant but more of a small deli. They main dishes are all seafood with the majority of them being raw and seasoned with spices and oils. You pay by the pound and carry out. Poke Express had a ton of offerings and definitely had all of our favorites. We tried many of the dishes but left with the spciy tuna, sesame tuna, and two salmon dishes that we had them make to our specifications. You can order anything you want a la carte with your choice of preparation. We walked away with two pounds of fish at under $30 and could not have been happier. The only cons to Poke Express is that it's not very accessible if you don't have a car and the fish is mostly ordered frozen. (Who knew there was such a lack of fresh ahi tuna in the middle of the desert???)Like I said, my husband and I make the trip to Vegas once a year and we will definitely be making this one of our routine stops from here on out.
5	If there is ONE thing that I love, its raw fish!! People think it's weird that I only like my fish raw, not cooked..but damn, I feel like that's the way to GO! Poke Express is a Hawaiian Poke Deli shop. It almost has an Asian mart feel with lots of choices for those seafood lovers, baby! There IS more food than just poke, but I haven't tried them yet!! Still trying to cover the whole poke area of the store. ;P They have quite the selection!It is located kind of in the corner of a shopping area, so you -really- have to look to see it! AND ya can't eat there because they don't have seats, so please just don't stand there and eat..that's weird! Go home!The owner gives out great customer service! He tells everyone to come in at 10 AM to try free samples! He was also super friendly, patient, and helpful in explaining all of the food to my boyfriend, who had never eaten poke before :) Also, they do give a military discount here, which was pretty cool of them. The only two poke flavors that I have tried are the Hawaiian and Garlic poke, but I really loved both of them. The quality of the fish is excellent~ It's as fresh as it gets and delicious, too! The prices are pretty reasonable as well!So if you want a taste of the Island, stop by Poke Express--it's a place to be!!!
5	Ten stars! First Poke experience and I had to fly from Texas to get it. They literally gave me about 15 samples. The described just about every dish and answered every question I had. Walked over to a Hawaiian cafe to order some rice and munched out. They have no tables strictly to go.
3	Kimchee Poke - rubberySpicy Poke - goodTako - okGreat idea, but perhaps I was there on a slow day with not so fresh freshness.
5	Wow... super fresh fish! Walking into this tiny spot you 1st realize something.... No smell what so ever was present. 1st cue that this place takes pride in what they serve. Also it was immaculate inside. Long counter / case of super fresh items. The young man behind the counter was super friendly and willing to help. They allow sampling and it is a good way to get you hooked. Had the Tako with shoyu and it was outstanding. Also got the spicy ahi which consisted of Japanese mayo and Sriracha which was very good. No tables to be found, but don't worry. Walk a few doors down, towards the opposite end of the strip mall that they sit in and you will find tables at 808 Hawaiian plate. If you buy a drink or even grab some food you can sit at this location and enjoy the food. My two choices of poke (1/3lb) each ran around $3.50. It was more then a sample and not a full meal which was great.
5	To all my Vegas friends who don't mind driving a bit off the strip for some really good and fresh poke, come here!It's a small family owned business with friendly service. The food is more for to-go and is fairly priced.My friends and I tried the:- Spicy Ahi Poke - So good with brown rice (which we bought separately next-door)! It's a bit heavier than the other poke since it's sauce is made out of mayoinasse & sriracha.- Ahi w/ Oyster Sauce - I really liked this one! It had a bit of a Chinese spin on poke.- Ahi Poke w/ Limu & Chili Flakes - If you like spicy poke, order this! It was quite good!- Ahi Hawaiian Style - Very traditional poke if you want something solid.TIP: they don't sell rice here with their poke but you can buy rice at Teriyaki Madness within the same plaza!
4	Poke Express is seriously a gem that I am so glad I discovered while we were in Vegas.  At first, I was a bit skeptical to try it because how could there be fresh poke out in the hot ass desert?? BUT I decided to put my faith in Yelp and went to check it out anyway and I was glad I did.  All the poke selections average about $15/lb, but you can order by the half pound and quarter pound as well.  Mikah (?) and all the workers were very sweet and helpful.  They offered samples and gave us their opinions when we were unsure of which ones to order.  I ended up getting a half pound of their salmon and a half pound of their spicy combo.  If you get the salmon, be sure to ask for their special sauce.  It looks so simple, but oh so good! Don't skimp out on the onions either ;)  Their spicy combo is a mix of spicy mayo, tuna, imitation crab, cucumbers, and avocado.  This one was also good, but a little too rich after awhile because it had a too much spicy mayo for my liking.  Another thing I love about this little shop is that they also carry various Hawaiian specialty items such as soy sauce, drinks, pancake mixes, candy, etc.  I would say the only con about this place would be that there is nowhere to eat.  We were so hungry so we just ate outside on the steps, but there is a park across the street or you can wait for one of the surrounding restaurants to open.
5	It took me several months, but I finally took the time to drive to this location from Blue Diamond, just to find out that there's one off S. Eastern. I got there just when they open, walked in and seeing all the different poke and trying almost everyone of them was awesome. I couldn't decide, they all tasted freaking great.. I ended up getting the spicy mayo poke, the wasabi poke and the Ahi w/ Oyster Sauce, all three I ask them to make them extra spicy with their Habanero sauce..I think  lvl 5 or 6... Well, worth the drive.... Deserve another visit soon
5	Best place to grab your Poke! Always fresh and the owner is always so nice. We come here for the Raw kim chee crab, mussel poke, spicy wasabi and my fave their spicy avocado.
5	Love, love, love poke express. Walking in makes you feel like you're back in Hawaii. I love that they offer hot rice as an option so that I can create my own poke bowl and throw down immediately. Ono poke especially being in the middle of the desert and the guys there are full of aloha.
5	This place is AMAZING! I am even more impressed with the freshness and taste of poke here than I was by some of the restaurants in Maui that we ate at when we were there in February. It was my first time here - one of my husband's coworkers recommended it to him and since he doesn't tend to eat much seafood, it has just remained on the backburner for several months. BIG MISTAKE!! I could have had so much more poke goodness by now.  We were assisted by Brandon, who was absolutely spectacular. He let me try several samples, and even managed to get my hubby to try 3-4 different things when I said he doesn't eat seafood! He promised to start him off with the easy stuff and did just that. I was shocked by how well my hubby received everything - he even ended up picking up a couple of items!We ended up getting spicy salmon poke, ahi poke with shoyu, tako with shoyu, idako tako poke (omg yum) and shiba zuke (seasoned cucumber). I am so looking forward to my next 2-3 meals. Yum!!!!!
5	Tried the food twice and it was so good. The staff was very friendly and let me try a few different things before I made my decision. I will definitely go back... a lot.
5	I had the Kim Chee ahi poke and the spicy wasabi ahi poke for the first time here! Both were extremely fresh and tasty!! I would definitely recommend this place to poke lovers!
5	Best poke you can find in Vegas! :)
5	Such a great idea. I'm from Cali and I'm always finding new places to try. Such a good and creative spot. Prices are reasonable as well. I love poke. Def will be a returning customer.
5	I just stumbled across this place driving. When I walked in I was greeted with smiling, friendly people. They asked if this was my first time in, when I said yes they wanted me to sample everything they had. After many samples I came out with 4 items. Awesome FRESH Poke. This place is awesome!!! Definitely a must for the poke fan!!!
5	Love this place! The owner Darren is soo nice! The Aloha Spirit can be felt here the moment you walk thru the door. You are always greeted with a Howzit or Aloha along with a smile. This place is authentic and the owner is from Hawaii. They are so humble here. Aside from the Island, this is the closest you are going to get to getting onolicious poke! Prices is fair and so worth the money! Fish so fresh and can get other kine poke as well as different kind island kine food. They open only from 10-6 so make sure you come early because they run out quick! You can sample before buying. Gonna end this now so I can enjoy my broke DA mouth Ahi Poke!
5	Poke Express is legit when it comes to refreshingly clean tasting poke. It's a small business, run by people who know Hawaiian flavors. They are friendly and even offer you samples prior to purchasing. You can order in half pound plastic containers and up. My favorite was the spicy wasabi ahi, while the shoyu ahi was a close second. For around $15, you could get a pound of a couple poke flavors for your next meal. Forget the buffets. It's a little bit out of the way from the Strip, but if you love fresh fish, this is the place.
5	Poke Express, excellent, excellent poke! I am blessed to live nearby this gem. Their poke is the best, there are a wide variety of flavors to choose from and they will adapt them to your liking. Want extra something? You got it!  I made a beautiful lunch and returned with 8 different poke styles for my family from Tahiti to try and they were impressed! They went beyond poke and you are welcome to have a sample and go on a palate adventure with octopus and dried marlin ec... I love the ocean salad which is a seaweed salad and often they also have rice available. I always bring my little ice chest with blocks if I have to travel, this time I did not come in with it and they offered some ice! I loved that!They have a variety of other delectables too for you to try as well as in the refrigerated area with linguisa, salmon belly, desserts, as well as packaged foods, and t-shirts etc...It is like going to Hawaii on vacation. It is a family run business and everyone is treated like Ohana! (family)This is a to go place, however Teryaki Madness does not mind if you order some food in their restaurant and eat your poke. Sometimes I grab a pair of chopsticks and sit outside on the wall and I enjoy each and every bite!
5	My Yelp buddies deserve all the credit for pointing me and my wife in the right direction for a terrific lunch in North Las Vegas. Poke Express is a no-frills eatery; actually, it's more of a market with a few shelves of food products and two refrigerated cases of their sublime poke. Although traditionally served raw, there are many varieties of poke offered here: on your left are the cooked and on your right are the uncooked versions. These include different types of seafood, but I still prefer the standard tuna.  What makes Poke Express five-star worthy is not only the seafood, but the stellar service. Our server was thoughtful and friendly, and he encouraged us to try the various poki while explaining each. Even after a few samples he persuaded us to try others and we happily obliged. Finally, we settled on two uncooked selections: the poke with oyster sauce and the spicy ahi poke. Both were amazing: the tuna in each was fresh, meaty, and flavorful. We enjoyed each one, but gave a slight nod to the spicy ahi poke, with the spicy sauce being an excellent blend of heat and flavor. You pay by the pound here, with most in the $14.99/lb range, and they have plastic containers to show how much you'll receive. For our two half-pounds, the final total was just over $15 with tax. Again, nothing fancy, just our containers of fresh and delectable poke (and two pairs of chopsticks). My wife and I could not wait to eat our lunch, and we devoured both containers in the car, A/C keeping us cool as we stuffed ourselves to the gills.
5	Howzitt!?! Eh you know fo' reals dis dakine local place ladet! While my pidgin may be a tad rusty, there is nothing at all rusty about the Poke Express. They have several kinds of poke & you can sample the wares before buying, how's about that eh? Mo' bettah, they got Poi! Fresh flown every Thursday (oops shouldn't have said that) from the islands with lots of aloha. As I am a poi boy from the get-go, I will stand there by the door before opening time on Thursday & be ready as a Waimanalo buggah who baddah you brah if you try zoom eh!? Well wadayaknow, my pidgin just got better already. Seriously, we are so blessed to live only a few miles from this place because in the Vegas Valley everything stay so fa' ladet!
5	This place is amazing  I live in summerlin and it takes about 30-40 minutes to get here but it is definitely worth the drive. I always get the salmon poke, spicy mayo poke, and the shoyu poke. The poke is always fresh and delicious and the people are very friendly in helping you decide what you want if you're unsure. Love this place!
5	Best Poke in Vegas! Love this place and the selection.  Little disappointed when I walked out to my car and realized I was still in Nevada! Friendly people serving great food.
5	Ended up here on Saturday around lunch time when the other Hawaiian joint in the same plaza was oddly closed for some reason (not enough cooks/catering gig). Whatever the reason was, I'm glad it led me to Poke Express. Thank you Yelp app... To me it was some of the tastiest poke I've had on the mainland. I'm for real! I feel like wherever they've had it in Southern California, I've sampled it. If a restaurant in Vegas offers it, I'm ordering it. But the poke I had here was as close to Hawai'i as I can get. And mind you, I was just on Oahu earlier this year, so my taste buds can sense the difference. Ha!It was busy and there were lots of choices left even though it was getting near the end of their work day. You can tell this place is popular because of the amount of people waiting and some of their different types of poke being almost all out. I went with two individual 1/4 lb orders. One was ahi limu... You gotta have the limu. That is what's missing in most versions of poke & I feel it's so necessary,. And yes, I do know it's so hard to get and its scarcity is increasing. But for me, the limu makes the poke that much more delicious. I luh me some limu. The ahi limu poke was great. Loved the flavor. The tuna was fresh, the limu had a crispness to it and the shoyu along with the onions went along marvelously with it. So good...The other poke i ordered was tako poke with limu. I love octopus and i love tako poke. I had some delicious sesame tako poke at Tanioka's in Waipahu (BEST I've ever had) and I've been searching for something close to that since I left Oahu. I would say that Poke Express is the closest I can find to what I remember having. And that's high praise... When I ordered my 1/4 lb, I asked the guy if the tako had sesame with it and he said they could add it if I like. Boom! Let me just say, the combination of the octopus, limu, shoyu and sesame oil/seed was so good. I can still taste it... I wish there was a place in LA that had something similar. I would probably go there once a week. So good... So I got those two 1/4 lbs containers of poke and also a can of Hawaiian Sun tropical iced tea. My favorite. I love hawaiian iced tea. I should've gotten 2 of them just like I should have gotten TWO 1/2 lb orders of poke instead 1/4 lbs ones. Fast, friendly service and delicious, quality ingredients. Winner winner poke breakfast, lunch and dinner.
5	Amazing little gem! A little tough to find but well worth the effort!!! This place has a great selection of Poke, sides (such as seaweed salad) as well as a small section of Hawaiian goods you can't normally find in the grocery. The staff have been super friendly as well as helpful. Next to Da Poke Shack in Kona, this place is my favorite place to get fresh Poke...so much so that I'm willing to drive from Summerlin to pick up a few pounds of this delicious food. Thus far, I've had the Spicy Avocado Poke, Tako Poke KimChee style, Ahi Poke KimChee style, Ahi Poke with Oyster Sauce, and Tako Poke Limu....this place rocks!
5	What you don't understand is since I left Hawaii 8 years ago I've been looking for a decent poke place. Well this place is not decent at all! - Poke Express is Amazing. So close to poke from home I'm so floored! It's Da Bomb!I went from looks to taste to flavor.Look's- It is poke like it should be. Looks fresh like it was made in the morning.Taste - So close to local kine back home in Hawaii. Talk about it might even compete with them.Flavor - The taste is to die for. It's so much flavor and bang for Vegas. I recommend this to everyone who likes raw fish and for everyone who is missing the Hawaiian Poke with some good beer..
5	This place never disappoints. I get 20$ worth of fish and then 10$ worth of material(Rice, seaweed, vinegar etc) and I make sushi at home! They really have the best poke and at great value too. I go to maui every year and I am so glad I have a piece of  Hawaii in my backyard
4	It's not the poke shack but then again we are not in Hawaii either.  It's a great place to get you fix for poke.  Great selection.  It's tough in the middle of the desert to get the same caliber fish.  Go check it out,  chances are you'll want to come back...
5	Can't give anything less than 5 stars for Poke Express. Fish is so fresh Will Smith would be demoted to court jester here! Tip: Come early or phone in your order to get the most selection. They sell out of salmon faster. Service was very nice. Free samples help reduce buyers' remorse. Noteworthy items we ordered: crab combo, wasabi tako, and the salmon poke with house sauce. Warning: Your eyes may be bigger than your stomach!
5	I've been here about 4 times this past week. Needless to say, the poke here is amazing, and the worker there remembers us hahah!! The flavors they use (my fave is the Spicy Ahi and the Limu Ahi) complement the ahi so well! I honestly don't think you can really go wrong with any of the flavors here! Texture and taste of their food is on point :) Like the other yelpers have said here, go early if you want to sample any of their pokes, because they run out of them by around 2-3! If you're a procrastinator like me, have no fear! If you don't see your flavor there, they can always make it for you in the back :) Come before 2-3 to get rice w/ furrikake for $1.50 because they tend to run out of those!
5	Awesome place great food. People here are very friendly they give you samples to make sure you like what you are going to by. I had the imitation crab salad which was bomb then a bunch of poke. I ate some of it raw but it was actually really good when I made it in a stir fry rice which one of the guys working there suggested. I'll be back.
4	They have a huge variety of marinated poke that you can choose from, and better yet, they let you sample before you commit! Their selection is better than the poke shack in hawaii! The only down side is that they don't serve poke bowls, you'd have to buy rice on the side for $1.50 and they give you a generous amount. Another down side is that they're more of a market so they don't have any seating.
4	I just got back from Hawaii and remembered to yelp this place. The poke is great. A good variety and very fresh. It's out of he way but worth the trip off the strip.
5	PHONE YOUR ORDER AHEAD OF TIME!!!! The tuna poke goes FAST. I was already warned to do this, but I didn't because my schedule was very loosely planned. *shrugs*.I was still able to sample some stuff and enjoyed my order thoroughly. \LOVE that they do tako wasabi here. The kimchi octopus is tasty as hell too. I usually get this at sushi boat places but they sell it here by the lb! In the end I wound up with tako wasabi and spicy salmon poke. SO GOOD. Wish I had some chips to eat it with..They also sell Hurricane popcorn by the bag. Service is prompt and they've very friendly. P.S. This place is way out in the boonies.. like, the hood. If you don't have a car, don't cab it.
5	I always come here for Hawaiian style poke. Large selection and the fish is flown in fresh daily.
4	Pros:1) The fish quality is excellent. Very fresh and tasty. The salmon poke is one of the best I've had.2) They have various size containers, but it goes by the pound so you can get as much or as little as you like. We ordered at 1/3 pound of salmon poke, and another container that had about five cubes of tuna limu because I wanted to try it. Great way to sample multiple flavors, instead of committing to a pound of just one type.Cons:1) No rice or rice bowl option here. It's strictly fish by the pound. I'd rather have a Hawaiian-style bowl, as I have trouble eating a pound of pure fish with nothing else.2) Hard to find. It's in the corner and the sign is hidden.
5	As recommended by yelpers, I arrived early and was able to sample the Poke. Yum. Great quality Ahi, Salmon etc.  I loved the pickles also. We will go back. My favorite was the spicy avocado and the ahi in oyster sauce. Customer service was great and super helpful. They explained the menu and offered sampled of items I had not asked for.  Highly recommend sushi lovers to give poke a try if you never have.
