4	i was dropping off some stuff at Goodwill and noticed this shiny new store across the north east parking lot and decided to check it out since i love 2 things....guns and ammo (not really, but it sounds pretty badass).the store has been open 3 weeks so their selection is small but varied. all the handguns are new and they had a couple of 9mm, a .40, a .45, and  .380. there were also some semi's on the wall. the owner was extremely pleasant and helpful and not super over pumped intense like most gun shop owners (SO....YOU HAVE TO PROTECT YOURSELF AT ALL TIMES!!!! I CARRY NOT ONLY 4 HANDGUNS, BUT A SHOTGUN IN MY PANTS AND 46 MILITARY GRADE THROWING KNIVES AND A GRENDADE LAUNCHER STRAPPED TO MY BACK!!!!!! YOU NEVER KNOW WHEN A PSYCHO WILL ATTACK AT WAL-MART!!!!!!!!!!).no, he was extremely polite and calm and showed me all kinds of goodies. i'm not in the market for a new handgun, but i would check this place out more if i were.
5	So this guy has the best prices in town. This shop is small and the selection is not the best, but he can get you just about any gun you are looking for. This place is highly recommended. I saved a $100 on a weapon that is in high demand. You can't beat it.
5	My husband & I took our CCW class here & we were pleasantly surprised that this little hole-in-the-wall shop was so well equipped & really enjoyed the instructor, John. We had to get going right after the class, but we'll be back to check out some guns in the future.
5	This guy was very up front and honest about everything we talked about. In addition to that you can't beat his prices. If you need a gun and he has it, save your time searching for anything better. Brandi Blake
5	I just purchased an LC9. This was handgun of the year 2011 and Is somwhere between an LCP and SR9. Nice compromising middle. I had called and spoke with Mike. He had the gun I wanted and was about $194.00 less expensive than if I would have gone with my normal Gun Broker. It has been over 8 years and this was my first purchase anywhere else. I know with the pricing it will not be my last. John introduced himself after the sale was complete. A nice guy who knows a wee bit about firearms. Asked him about Tavor....he knew right away what it was. I liek this place and 5 stars is appropriate.
1	Mike from CTR would not honor a Living Social voucher purchased for a CCW class for their establishment. I attempted to book well before the expiration date almost a month from now. I was basically turned away with no consideration or any attempt to ameliorate the situation because their classes are booked (with availability in September however). Basically, I was told to either pay for something which: A. I already paid for or B: just lose my money because I would not get a refund. Instead I got a lecture like I'm some high school kid in "you should have booked earlier like months ago" right when you bought the voucher. Well CTR, you shouldn't have put an expiration of Sept. 1st then! Or you should have put a 'must call in to book 2 months in advance of deadline' in the fine print! Poor execution and poor communication. Excuse me for having things to do and a busy life, how I am suppose to know when it doesn't indicate when I should book by or (since I've never been to CTR) how small of a place they have. What a scam, they probably sold a ton of these vouchers knowingly that they will conduct the smallest classes possible or they just wouldn't be able to accommodate the number they sold (they should have limited it, in other words). A 'normal' establishment with any regard to customer satisfaction would have offered you a refund or booked you for the next available class if you called in before the expiration date of a voucher, giftcard, etc. In other words, offered you something instead of brushing you off! What terrible customer service!!  I will be buying my firearms and taking my business elsewhere. On a good note, however, LIVING SOCIAL has great customer service and they were great enough to work with me on this issue.
5	I had been in ctr guns a few times before just to browse and check out the selection. I asked several questions about multiple guns, all of which were politely answered by the helpful gents that work there. we even got to talking about conceal carry and different aspects of being a gun owner in general. when I decided that I wanted a new LCP, they were my first choice to go to based on their customer service alone. Got a great deal also. Thanks fellas.
4	Small little shop that carries a basic selection of firearms from the more popular manufacturers such as Glock, Springfield, S&W, and Ruger, although more uncommon models may be delivered and purchased through them by using the Gallery of Guns website.  They provide good customer service, and if you order online with them through Gallery of Guns, they'll often give you a discounted rate off the retail price.  Once you've ordered your firearm, it's a easy process getting it delivered here, filling out all the paperwork, and payment.
5	I have yet to buy anything here, but the owner graciously gave me a great rundown on a bunch of different suppressors - including a line that I'd been VERY interested in, but had not had a chance to see in person. Note that right now, at least, they are NOT accepting cards. This is probably temporary (I didn't ask), but don't show up to buy something with only plastic without calling and checking first.
2	Firearms are very fairly priced--- but working with whoever it was who helped me (seems like the only employee there, actually) was a total nightmare.  He was very short with me and not helpful at all.  The phone prompt, website, and signs all had misinformation about their financial policies-- very unorganized.  Won't be returning here for future purchases.
4	I was in and out for a specific item so I didn't really get to check out inventory or full layout but the guy that helped me was really cool and they had what I wanted.ATTENTION:  temporarily not accepting credit cards.  I asked the employee about this and he said it is due to banks holding funds from gun stores.  Hope all the ban talk and craziness goes away soon.
5	Took my CCW class here, bought a gun here, and also done transfers through CTR. Always a good experience.As someone else said, they are currently not accepting plastic right now - os bring cash. Previously they did accept plastic with a +3% fee, but that was before the gun/ammo rush.Prices on new guns seem to be pretty good here (at east even with other places). If you've done business with them and are interested in a CCW class, ask to see if they have a discount since you are a previous customer (they gave me one).Firearm transfer with or without a CCW is $20 for a long gun.
5	I found CTR on backpage and decided to check them out. Good selection and great prices! Me and a friend of mine both walked away happy owners of new handguns. I have been and will continue to recommend people I know to CTR.
5	I was looking for a particular rifle and found it at a few gun dealers in town including Cabelas. I actually stumbled on this place from a review written for another gun shop. After extensive research (OK, I just read the yelp reviews) I emailed them and told them what I was looking for.  I got a reply back and they told me they didn't have it in stock but could have one in a few days and they gave me a price that was about 20% less than Cabela's and 10% better than the best price I found elsewhere.I went down after they got it in stock and did the deal.  Great guys, easy to talk to and they have great prices.  Although their store is small, they have a nice collection of popular rifles, handguns and accessories. And, of course, they can order whatever you like. Give these guys a look.BTW, they are now taking credit cards but the prices they show on their website are cash prices - add 5% if you want to use a credit card.
5	I enjoyed my experience here. This was my first time into a location as such and decided to take their CCW course.  Our instructor John was rather thorough, answered all of our questions and ensured we understood the material in the allotted time available. While browsing products and asking basic questions about their products I received very insightful answers and recommendations.I will certainly make my first firearm purchase here.  If you are in the market, check this place out.  They are knowledgable and well versed in their field.  You won't regret stopping here.
5	Employees are generally to the point but informative when asked questions, and attentive to your needs. They don't give you that condescending look if you ask simple questions that I've found to be pretty common in gun stores. They advertise the lowest prices on the valley and from what I've seen that's true, I chose to buy both of my guns here. If you're looking to purchase a firearm and they have it, they can typically get it to you quickly and at a very reasonable price.
4	Got a great deal on a gun I wanted and also took the CCW class. The Class was just over an hour long and informative.    Small shop that I would support over bigger places because of the personal attention you can get.  Definitely with be doing business with them again.
5	Good price, small shop, and knowledgable staff.They could benefit from more inventory and a bigger easier to find location but given how awesome they have been on my past three handgun purchases from them I'm sure it won't be long before they upgrade.One of the better small stores in town if your not looking for something specific.
5	Went in and knew the gun I wanted. I was greeted right away which is always a pleasure. John the owner had me in and out in less than 10 minutes. I will be taking my CCW class there too. Great prices and so far really great service.
4	Hands down, the best pricing on firearms.  It's about the size of a large walk in closet and the selection is sparse...but if they have what you are looking for on display, you can bet it's the lowest price in town.  Also, it should be noted they can order anything and still get you a great great price.   Nice people and always busy.  Highly recommend.
