5	My wish has come true! Not only is there now an Einstein Bros Bagels near my home, but it's THE BEST Einstein's I've possibly ever seen :D Nope, not even kidding!! Here's what I found:-Large building-Very organized ordering line-Well designated coffee/drink self serve station-LOTS of tables (seating for 6, 4, 2 & single seating at a window bar) indoors-Covered patio outdoor seating -WiFi (& the connection is so cute, it's titled BagelNet, lol)-Doggies are welcomed in the patio seating area!-Plenty of parking-Friendly staff-DRIVE THROUGHI found not a single negative thing :) I'll have to keep coming back just to make sure ;)
5	I was SO excited to hear that Einstein opened up by my work. Their locations are few and far between. My 1st visit I went in with a Coworker and we had 8 orders. We were excepting a long wait and were sure because of how many orders we had, there would be a few mix ups since they just opened........ We were pleasantly surprised!! The staff was VERY friendly, organized, and you could see they were all working as a team. Felt very welcomed, even though it was just the two of us coming in with 8 orders. Everything was delish too! Already looking forward to going back to enjoy a lunch on their lovely patio!Happy, happy, happy!
4	The coffee and bagels are always great. My favorite is the pumpkin creme (yummy). I grab a yogurt to go and it end up being spoiled. I was so disappointed. :(
4	I like that you can order any sandwich with a bagel thin. If you haven't tried one of their sandwiches you should. For the coffee drinkers, it seems popular. Breakfast sandwiches all day!!
4	AMAZED that Surprise would finally catch up with the rest of the world and open up Einstein Bagels here!! It so nice and clean. I haven't seen any decline at Paradise Bakery just over the road, however not many people know these awesome guys are here. Once that happens, hold onto your bagels and lox! My only worry is that the little mom and pop bagel / deli literally 50 yards away will feel the pinch and close. (Next to Starbucks across from Bank of America) All and all. Check them out if you have never been!
1	I really wanted to love this new location but I feel like every time I go in to the location or through the drive thru something is always something wrong! It's so annoying either the coffee is gross or I order a sandwich or bagel and later they tell me they don't have the ingredients for the sandwich or no bagels.
4	Love the fact that I can go to einsteins in surprise now. I used to go to the other bagel shop but got tired of dealing with the grump at the register. This place is brand new and has a drive up which is neat. Lots of different things on the menu to enjoy and most are pretty good. I don't do the lunch items though so I can't comment on those.
1	Friendly staff, but they think it's okay to serve a burnt bagel.  Check your order carefully or go to the other bagel shop next to the Starbucks that's just yards to the south.
1	This review is for the Einstein's in Surprise,  Today was the straw that broke the camels back for me.  Almost every time I go here, it's something.  I gave this place plenty of chances to, but after a while you just have to say enough is enough (Bad Service).  They can't even put the right coffee in the correct pot for cryin out loud.  I go to get a cup of coffee and they have the wrong coffee in the wrong pot.  There is only 4 coffee pots to choose from so how hard can it be to put the correct coffee in the right pot.  But that's not all it's always something at this place so I'm calling quits, I can find some place else to buy coffee and bagels.  All this place does is sell bagels I mean how hard can it be.
3	Einstein has been a place I wanted to try, finally had the opportunity. Ordered a bacon and egg bagel sandwich. Wasn't to bad, wished the bacon was more crispier. But other then that it was fine. Want to take the wife their and check it out more to see what they have to offer.
1	Wanted to try this place for the first time. Finally tried it and they have horrible customer service. The lady at the drive through window was rude and not real helpful. Nobody else was there and we had to wait at the window for over 10 mins for 3 bagels. I looked inside and everyone was just standing around talking. Plus they must have the best butter because it's 60 cents more. Never going back!!!
2	My bagel was toasted but still chewy, and they smeared it too soon so that all my cream cheese slid off. Their iced green tea is awfully sweetened, and they don't warn you of this beforehand. You should be able to sweeten your own tea, if you please.
2	Do not try the napa chicken bagel,should be called nappy chicken. They don't give give a description of what is on the bagels. Maybe I should of asked but it's my opinion that anything named prestigiously napa chicken should at least taste ok..I thought the pairing of an overly sweet Caramel sauce,onions and brie cheese was not at all tasty and prohibited my husband and I from finishing our 16.00 lunch.
1	Horrible customer service in the drive thru two times now.  You'd be embarrassed if you spoke to anyone like they do let alone it being a business.
3	I like the brand, but this Einstein Bros Bagel shop was a disappointment today. First time at this location and maybe my last. The coffee is fine. Caramel Macchiato and it's just as I expected, nice job. I also ordered the Classic Egg sandwich, plain bagel with bacon and cheddar. It was handed to me on a basket, and the top of one half had already fallen off and pieces of bacon were scattered as well. The eggs were lukewarm and the bacon was refrigerator cold! The cheese was colder. They were all out of plain bagels so I changed to a honey wheat. It wasn't toasted right, it was chewy.  Not a good breakfast sandwich at all. I'm giving 3 stars, but if rating just the bagel without the coffee, it would be only one star.
