4	Great assortment of different types of maki, sashimi, and non-sushi entrees. They offer an a la carte menu as well as an all-you-can-eat menu. Both are well priced for the quality of food you get.Not the best Japanese food I've had in my life, but I would recommend checking this place out.
4	Wow.  I went there on recommendation of a colleague and I was NOT disappointed.  They have all you care to eat for $20 with a mind-boggling number of choices.  The food was excellent and the service was great too.  I'm shocked at the great value at Yummyaki.  It's probably a GREAT thing that there's not one in my neighborhood or I'd rarely see my family!
3	After reading other reviews from other sites too, I think it is nice to mention that they have added sashimi into their dinner menu.  This is a small-medium sized AYCE sushi restaurant. Something about the store, maybe it was the lighting, but it gave me a dirty feeling. The staff there weren't extremely fluent in the English language, but still provide adequate services. They checked up on us regularly, maybe every 15 minutes or so, and provided new order sheets after taking in your orders (although they did forget once). The salmon sashimi have a fish taste to them, so that's a good sign. The sushi isn't packed with rice either. The kalbi beef was also pretty good, although 1 order only gets you 2 pieces of short ribs. They provide a pretty big selection of food and specialty rolls. But the hot sauce they use in their spicy salmon was a little off, the maki rolls were cut at weird angles which turned them into uneven pieces, and the sashimi portions stay the same whether you order 10 pieces or 6 pieces. They just cut the pieces smaller if you order 10. LOL.The major issue I have with this restaurant though is actually how they limit you 1 scoop of ice cream. "But this is an AYCE restaurant..." I thought in my head...I always get 3 scoops of ice cream after an AYCE meal, I know, I'm such a fat ass ;Denvironment: 3/5service: 2.5/5 (no free smiles here)food: 4/5 (for an all you can eat place)value: 3/5 (Standard prices here, but I want my ice cream :C)better than most all you can eat but would not come back...
5	I'm not a huge sushi fan, but I enjoyed Yummyaki. Their lunch buffet is relatively cheap and offers a fair variety of items to choose from.
4	One of my friends booked a girl's night out.  She was the only one who been there before.  This was helpful as she knew her stuff.    She was able to describe everything on the menu.  That was a benefit.  Now to the food, I would have to say what an extensive selection they had for all you can eat.  The quality of the fish is simple head and shoulders above any other place that I have been too.  The dishes were visually outstanding. Curry Chicken Don was amazing!  Recommend it to everyone.  I just there was more room for more people!
1	Unfortunately, I will no longer be dining at Yummiakis. I have been eating there regularly since it opened- service tends to be slow but the food, for an all you can eat restaurant, is great and is worth the wait. However, I arrived at 2 pm for lunch with a guest and they refused to seat us. Signage and website say they close at 3. No concern shown for the inconvenience.
4	Great customer service and for the lunch ayce its definitely worth the price. There selection might not be as big as 99 but the quality is still there.
3	Nothing special with their rolls. Not the best but not the worst. Good service however and I love their udon though.
3	Small restaurant difficult to bring groups to. Sushi is better than O'Yummy, but is slower to come out. Menu has less variety than other places. Ice cream and orange slices (!?) are limited to one order per person.Frustratingly, certain items on the AYCE lunch menu were not available when we ordered, such as kalbi beef.
4	Yummyaki has been, and continues to be, the standout All You Can Eat sushi restaurant in K-W. Too many places cover up their food with sauces to mask product that is bland or old. That's not the case here. The food is always fresh, flavourful, and made when ordered. The only exception I've had to that was a tempura roll take away during a busy lunch hour. It was obviously premade, packaged, and refrigerated. It still managed to be good. The staff also stands out. Doubly so in contrast to other AYCE sushi restaurants locally. They are always polite, quick, and attentive. I have yet to feel like I need to flag a server down. Getting the bill and paying at the end of the meal is always painless.Given the choice on where to have sushi in K-W, Yummyaki consistently hits my top three and typically loses out only to my menu preference that day or proximity.
