5	Best late night staff ever. Genuinely friendly and talkative if you let them be. Have almost never screwed up an order.They have gotten me through many a late night hunger pang with a smile and a burrito. Great vegetarian and vegan options.
1	Hit this place after a night on the town. Reliving my youth! Did not end well. If it is only 35% beef what is the remaining 64%?
1	Stopped for lunch yesterday. Drive through is a restricted lane, once you're in, you're stuck till you reach the end. No way to opt out if it's taking entirely too long. Worth mentioning because it takes entirely too long. Seems this is the place where they train slow drive through staffers to excel at being even slower than imaginable. The car in front of me was sympathizing with raised arms. (I was quiet, politely waiting in my car, not even making a scene). DONT come here if you're time limited in any way. Come here if you've got all the patience in the world and you must have standard Taco Bell fair. If thought it would have taken as much time as it did, I would have sought speedy lunch elsewhere.
2	Taco Bell. Cheap, Tasty, and Vegetarian Options. All major pluses.Unfortunately, this location is really not up to par with most other Taco Bells. Most concerning would be the issue of Order Accuracy. Now, I realize mistake do happen, but they should not be happening ALL THE TIME. This location must quickly revamp it's procedures so that they can fix this. One need only look at reviews, or listen to word of mouth, to know that this location is notorious for giving people the wrong orders, charging them incorrectly, ect..Also, please take a look at your shift managers, and frankly, your leadership in general. When asked probing questions about allergy and dietary restrictions procedures, some managers fared better than others, although most did not appear to be well-versed on this issue. All seemed inconvenienced. In general, the managers just need to be held to a high standard, and it starts at the top with the General Manager. This means knowing how to respond to allergy concerns, greeting customers within moments of entering the store, and apologizing when things don't go as they should.To sum it all up, it is more than clear this Taco Bell needs a revamp campaign soon, if they wish to remain competitive.
