3	I chanced upon this small grubby salon the other day while shopping at Tiedemann's Thrift store on Baseline Rd. I wanted to get my face waxed, and having moved into this neighborhood two weeks ago, I was in search for a decent, budget waxing place. When I went in, I was quite surprised to see a man doing manicure. I'm sure men do it in salons, just that I'd never seen a man do that before. He doubled as the receptionist, and asked me (without taking off the mask he had on his mouth) what I wanted done. I was a teeny bit embarrassed telling a man about my waxing needs. But I guess that's America for me :) He asked me to wait for 2 minutes. After exactly that much time, a lady came up to me and took me to a small room behind the main manicure/ pedicure area. The room had a narrow bed, and a tiny mirror, and looked very dilapidated. There was no place to keep my bags, so I just set them down on the floor. The waxing experience was good, though. The lady worked fast, and did a good job. Just that I was totally put off by her attitude. The first thing she asked me was how I found the place. Fine. The next question was if I have any kids??!! What on earth! And then she asked me how old I am. I was annoyed by the personal questions. And after that she didn't talk at all. I tried asking her if she knew of a good hair salon nearby, but she flatly (and a tad sourly) said no. As the name suggests, the place is more of a nail bar. But $20 for face waxing is not bad, and since it's so near my house, I think I will just suck it up and go back.
1	Jenny is very rude!! She is the women with the long black hair and in the 1st nail booth. When she does your nails she makes you feel like you have offended her in some personal way if you say no to ay of the extras she just this side of forces down your throat. As soon as that happens you can kiss a good manicure goodbye. She filed my nails so hard she hit nail bed and on another while she was staring out the window and filing she nicked my cuticle and made it bleed. When I pulled my hand away in irritated pain she continued on telling me it was my fault for having bad nails and to get over it, it doesn't hurt that bad. If you go in during mid afternoon you can even find employees sleeping. Twice I have gone in and the one women was sleeping in the waxing room snoring quite obnoxiously another time the same women was asleep snoring in the end pedicure booth!! Unbelievable I will never return to this place.
1	Yea...never going back here again. SEVERAL bad, odd, and uncomfortable things happened during one mani/pedi session....UNBELIEVABLE!**FIRST -- so yelp has that monocle feature that I had just learned about and I was innocently scanning the buildings in awe as my husband pulled up in front of the nail salon to drop me off. A woman, who I believe is Jenny (woman with long dark hair), hurries over to me as I got out of the car and nosily starts hovering over my shoulder and my phone asking "what you doing with that camera?! why you point over here?!" In an attempt to try to keep myself from pushing her away from me and telling her that what I do with my phone is non of her business, I calmly showed her the app saying that it was something I just discovered and was trying it out... he looks at me for a moment then laughs saying " Ohhh, haha, what they say about us?" and I told her nothing came up for them and that I would just have to trust them. ** SECOND -- as I was getting my pedi, a woman was getting her nails done directly in front of me, Jenny kept insisting that the woman try a color that she didn't want while also prying into her personal life. The woman looked at me and gave me an uncomfortable smile. ** THIRD -- It was time for my mani and same gentleman that did my pedi began doing my mani. So I paint my own nails at home between my manis and I don't always put down a bottom coat before dark colors like red, which if you know anything about nail polish, it can leave the top layer of your nail a yellow color. So this guy was he was removing my nail polish saw the tint on my nails and several times really loudly was like "YOUR NAILS ARE YELLOW. YOU CANT PAINT NAILS AND NOT PUT BOTTOM COAT. ITS YELLOW. LOOK, YEA, YOU CANT DO THAT, YOUR NAIL TURN YELLOW" the few people that were in there turned and looked at me. I was pretty embarrassed as it's not like my have fungus nail or something, but he was so insistent on repeating my mistake, I might as well of had an infections disease spewing from my hands...*** FOURTH -- a man comes in with his maybe 8 year old daughter to get her nails done. He made it very clear that she told him she wanted pink nails with white tips to match whatever  dance competition outfit she was going to be wearing. The man then went to sit down in the pedi massage chair to wait for his daughter to get her nails down. REMINDER this is an 8 year old girl with super small nails. she was only going to get some color and that's about it. they were charging him something like 30+ bucks for that, if I were him I would sit wherever I wanted too. Jenny goes over to him and tells him with a laugh "you want  to get pedicure?" he said no. She replies by saying with not as much humor, "ha..massage chair for pedicures" he looks at her and continues to eat his slim jim. she waits about 1 minutes then says again but more serious "Massage chairs are for pedicures"...when he didn't budge or get up she turns to his daughter and says "sweetie what color you want for your nails" (remember they already established that it was pink nails with white tips) the dad says "pink with white" Jenny continues to say "huh sweetie? what color you want?" and again dad says "we already said pink with white tips!" the little girl stayed quiet looking uncomfortable as her dad is being repeatedly ignored by her.*** FIFTH -- There were a few other occurances of them prying and pushing things on people. I was one. I asked to try 2 colors on two nails to determine which I wanted (it was between a teal or a plum) he gets up and brings me literally a sparkly puke green and says, "this one so nice, you should do this one"... I obviously told him absolutely not! I wouldn't mind green or anything but this color was out of this world gross. Another girl who was a tomboy said she didn't want any color or gloss on her pedi. they asked her about a dozen times if they could put a flower on her toe. she looked so irritated. I was then asked several questions about what I did, where I lived, where did I come from, etc. I don't mind getting asked a few questions about myself, but I might as well have given her my SS number and CC info too. *** SIXTH -- lastly after I was all done getting painted, was complemented several times but without a breath in-between I was told to come back for next time. It made it sound so insincere "Oh that color looks so good on your skin, you come back next time" "oh you from Chicago? you come back next time here" and several others like that. *** SEVENTH -- my nail polished chipped in less than 3 days.... I was not pleased. Also they didn't clean up my cuticles very well. I had to go home and fixed them as I didn't want to be in there any longer than I had to.Well there you have it. I could have gone into more detail but I would have to write a short story... too much drama, too much of a lot of things. Stay away if you can. its not worth it.
5	Very nice
4	Very friendly and accommodating staff. Location is convenient and prices are reasonable. The shop is not the most upscale venue but clean and gets the job done. Steve and staff made sure I was satisfied and let me know that's what they are there for :)
