5	I love you Float. For a scaredy cat like me, I wasn't terribly keen on the idea of a hot air balloon ride, but you guys made it awesome for me. Everyone made my experience so enjoyable. The food was great, they focused on me having the best time that I could, and the amount of people on it was perfect. I would definitely do this again, but I wouldn't use anyone else. You guys are awesome.
5	My two sisters and I wanted to take our Mom and Dad on a hot air balloon ride for their anniversary and my Dad's birthday. We had emailed a few of the well known companies in the area and Matt at Float got back to us first. We were glad to hear they had a balloon to fit us 5 plus the pilot, as we wanted it to be a more personal experience. Our pilot, Peggy, was fantastic as was her crew help, Pat.We all agreed it was a great experience, but the most notable part came when we arrived back home and my mom realized she lost three $100 bills from her pocket (she had similarly lost lottery tickets from her jacket the day before). I emailed Matt to see if he could check the back of the van and he responded immediately that he would have Pat check. Sure enough, the money was in the back of the van and he called me back to let me know and to properly get it back to us.Such an honest and classy thing to do and my mom was so relieved (albeit embarrassed). Overall, it was a really nice experience and in good company. We'd definitely recommend!
5	Well put together half day excursion. Great food at the end, awesomely picnic spread. Champagne toast and beautiful sights. Owned and operated by a young couple, both very spunky and charismatic. You won't be disappointed.
5	Absolutely amazing! Their pilot was incredibly interesting and informative, their food was amazing, and the flight was so beautiful. Their hospitality was only upstaged by how beautiful the ride was.
5	I am a 3rd generation Arizonan and seeing hot air balloons rise up from the desert has been a memory since I can remember. 31 years into my life I was finally able to experience balloon flight and I can tell you how incredibly glad I selected FLOAT. Matt, Olivia and their team provided a one of a kind experience, not just in the hot air balloon but before and after from the moment you arrive to fresh Cartel coffee to a seasonally & local curated breakfast and champagne when you land. There's no question that I'll be coming back to FLOAT with friends and family in the future. Thank you tremendously!
5	Amazing experience overall! This was my first time riding on one and I can say I had a really good time! The pilot's are great and know how to keep the group entertained. The people I rode with were a pleasure to have on the ride aswell. The meal after the ride was sooo good, it was a nice way to wrap up the ride! I will definitely recommend to friends and family.
5	My girlfriend and I took a balloon flight with Float for our anniversary a couple of weeks ago. Both of us had never been on a hot air balloon before. We flew out early on a Sunday. When we got to the meeting site, we were immediately greeted with friendly smiling faces and fresh coffee from a local shop in the area. As we had our morning coffee, the pilot went over our flight plan and safety measures. We felt incredibly comfortable and excited. After that, we got in the Float van and took a beautiful drive through the desert during the sunrise in route to the launch site. While the crew was setting up the balloon they let us help or take as many pictures as we wanted. I got a sweet time lapse video of the balloon inflating! After we took off, the flight was incredibly smooth. The pilot explained everywhere we passed over and also told us hilarious stories about previous flights. My girlfriend brought her go pro with her and we all had fun passing it around the balloon to get good shots! When we landed, we were greeted by Matt and Olivia with a huge brunch made from local ingredients and prepared by a local chef. Before digging in, the pilot told us about the history of hot air ballooning and taught us about the custom of toasting the ride. We all toasted to our first balloon experience with hand picked, freshly squeezed, apple cider mimosas and then had the most delicious brunch! Overall I'd say this was one of the best experiences I've ever had and I would recommend this to everyone! The Float crew made the experience much more exciting than I had expected and added so much more than "just a balloon ride." It was a perfect anniversary for my girlfriend and I! Matt, the owner even gave a toast to us! I would recommend Float to anyone who hasn't flown in a balloon before, anyone visiting the Phoenix area, and any locals who want to do something exciting and out of the ordinary in their own backyard. It truly was so much more than just a balloon ride! We plan to fly again as soon as we get back to Phoenix.
5	By far, best time I've had in a while. Fantastic, beautiful balloon ride. GOURMET, field-cooked breakfast. Great small-business owners. DO IT!
5	My friends and I had so much fun on this tour. The owners were great, the pilot was experienced (and hilarious), and the locally obtained breakfast with champagne toast was amazing! I would definitely recommend Float to anyone wanting to take a tour and I wouldn't go to a different company if I were to go again!
