1	Recently I went into this establishment to have my brakes checked, because I had read an ad that said their mechanics are  paid by the hour and not by commission, so they won't sell you stuff you don't need.  So I went in and and had a brake inspection done and was told that my front calipers on my truck were sticking and that I would need to replace them and I would also need new pads and it would all cost about $580.00.  As I didn't have that kind of money, I decided to get a 2nd opinion.  I went to ATAC on the corner of Recker and Baseline and had them do an inspection and was told I needed 2 new brake pads on the front of my vehicle, and it would cost about $150.00.  I asked if there was anything wrong with the calipers and their mechanic told me they were fine.  They did the repair and my brakes work great.I just want to warn everyone that is is always good to get a 2nd opinion.  In my case it saved me $430.00.    Also, don't believe Brake Masters ads...
2	About four months ago I bought a used Jeep Grand Cherokee for offloading in the Arizona desert. The Jeep needed new brakes, new CV joints, and fresh fluids in the transmission, transfer case and differentials. I went to Brake Masters and had them do all of this work at one time. Three months later, when I had the Jeep on a lift to run down a noise, I noticed that one of the CV joints was already ruined -- incorrect installation. I took it back and had the repair made. Then I learned that they had used regular transmission oil in the transfer case rather than the oil specifically required by Chrysler. So I had to that done over as well, only this time I took it to the dealer to make sure there were no more mistakes. Finally, when they flushed the transmission they didn't bother to replace the filter. WTF! My take on Brake Masters is this: Stay away! Aside from working on brakes, these guys are essentially incompetent.I'm updating my negative review to average. I contacted their district manager about my complaints and he took care of everything. Impressive, actually. Still not sure if I would go back, but my previous bad review needs to be modified.
4	needed an alignment.  Was in and out faster than promised, and no upsell!  Gotta love that.
1	I went in for an oil change and they persistently tried getting me to replace an air filter for $50 and two belts for $200 that were not cracked as they claimed (I got a second opinion). It was just overall not a great experience.
