3	I'm a regular at this place. It's a great price and a decent stay. The people at the front desk are marvelous. Staff provides prompt, courteous service. Bed is so comfortable. Room is nothing fancy. On the down side, the Internet is terribly, terribly slow. And cable TV has few channels for U.S. travelers. Signs are posted, promising upgrades in this area. So my comment may be out of date very soon.Also on the down side: dining options. Choices are mediocre in this area of Montreal. The on-premise options are is just... meh. There's Baton Rouge and fast food joints across the street. If you want better, hop a cab to St-Laurent, Crescent St, Little Italy or downtown.
4	Great Location off Decarie and Jean Talon.  Good service, clean rooms
4	We were pleasantly surprised by Ruby Foo's. When the tour guide told us this would be our hotel, just hearing the name gave me instant reflex that it was going to be ghetto. When we arrived, I noticed the lobby was quite modern and clean. The hallways walking to our room looked kinda ghetto... then when I opened the door, I was surprised at how spacious and well designed the room was. The washeoom was clean amd comfortable. The beds had duvets (and not those nasty layers of dirty thin blankets). The tv was centered between the 2 beds - minor detail but makes a big difference! The window covering is this wooden panel where when closed, it displays a "chinese" art. Cute touch! Shampoo/conditioner mediocre.
4	I stayed at this hotel not to long ago... During our 8 day tour of the East Coast when, I first heard the name Ruby Fool's Hotel... For me it sounded like a Chinese restaurant when I first saw this hotel from the inside and outside this Ruby Fool's hotel it wasnt that bad of a hotel... There is just two things that... I have to say about this hotel #1 the hotel room where I stayed was okay and for #2 didnt like when Ruby Fool's only had one elevator to use that was the only thing that I didn't like... But overall in what, I really like most about Ruby Fool's hotel is the free Wi Fi that they have!!!
4	Came here only once for a very quick short stay (6 hours only for the night.) A friend got married around by and  I needed a nearby place to just crash with the rest of the wedding group. Ruby Foo's staff is great with finding you a room according to needs and tries best to work with what you need. I didnt really use much of their services, but the rooms were well kept, moderately affordable with the adequate supplies. The bed was comfy and the check out  fast. But from what I saw while checking out they have a nice pool with great seating arrangements on the side. Its located conveniently just after the 40west near decarie express. Will positively recommend this place.
4	We always stay at Ruby Foo's when we come to Montreal to visit family.  While it's not downtown, it's a short walk to a metro station.  It's clean, updated, quiet and the beds are comfy.  There are also several eating place nearby - Tim Horton's, Wendy's McDonalds, Burger King and my favorite - Dunn's for smoked meat sandwiches.  Another bonus is free parking.
5	Outstanding hotel.  Big, clean, and friendly.   Good WiFi.   Easy parking.  Great barber.  Comfortable bed.
