5	Great service.  This is one of the best experiences I have ever had at a Red Robin.  We were in the mood for burgers and something the kids could eat that was close to where we were at when we were out and about.  I have not had anything else on the menu but this is a great place for burgers.  Check out the pics if you want to see for yourself.
4	Well I have been here many times in the past so I know what to expect even before walking through the door. There is the Welcome to Red Robin greeting, followed by the question as to how many are in your party? That is where the similarities end with this half burger chain and half sports bar and most chain restaurants. Yes there are other chain restaurants with locations scattered in and around the valley that all promise the same hand crafted burger masterpiece, but how many of them offer that delicious burger combined with bottomless fries? They may all offer similar products but ask anyone with any experience with chain style eateries and they will tell you there are always those small yet noticeable differences. This location is near to the mall which means it is usally populated by middle aged couples, 30 somethings who like a few cocktails with their meal ( watch out for them on the road) , and teens who want to hang with friends and share some really tasty burgers. Their claim to fame is their large selection of burgers, chicken sandwiches, salads, and drinks. I normally order the mushroom swiss, or a bacon blue cheese burger. With each juicy bite I can feel my stomach growing and my waist line expanding LOL. Seriously if you want those little dried out frozen patties found at your local drive through then this is not the place for you. Honestly as with BBQ it is important to understand that if you are going to do something make sure you do it right!!! Don't take shortcuts, make sure you use the best ingredients you can afford, and most of all do not call something that it is not!! It is like saying you want a Philly Cheese steak sandwich and then cooking a package of steakums and placing it on two slices of white bread.  Seriously with about 13 of  what they call their signature burgers, 7 kinds of bread, 7 kinds of cheese, and a toppings list that would make old Mcdonald which they came from his farm this is the place to indulge all your grilled beef fantasies. Just make sure you learn from my experience and wear your large eating pants. Trust me you will need them.Case closed
5	Campfire sauce is great with the fries. Monster style also great. Wrap Burger in lettuce to save calories.
5	This is my husband's current favorite restaurant.  I enjoy it too, although burgers aren't my favorite thing.  They've got a variety of gourmet burgers to choose from.  Their burgers come with bottomless fries, which is a nice touch.  Their appetizers are really good too.  We usually get full after only a few bites of the burger because of the appetizers and bring the rest home to eat for lunch the next day.  Great food for a small price!
3	I've been here 3 times and ordered 3 different things, and each visit has progressively gotten worse.Visit 1: Clam Chowder Soup - pretty good actuallyVisit 2: Mushroom Burger with Endless Fries - eh, pretty good, but I've definitely had better and it's pricey.Visit 3: Salmon Burger ($10.81) - I can make a better salmon burger than this. It consisted of whole wheat bun (not grilled, just soft), grilled salmon (that was dry), lettuce, and tomato, with Side Salad (super small salad but the honey mustard dressing was one of the best I've had). I would've given Red Robin 2 stars, but I felt that there was a lot of salmon in my burger, which is rare in salmon sandwich/burgers.
4	Red Robin, YUM! The burgers are pretty good, the BLTA is great when you hold the A (not an avocado fan). Chesse sticks are pretty tasty and the endless rootbeer float is wonderful! Wait, what?? ENDLESS ROOTBEER FLOAT?? Heaven! Unbutton that top button on your pants and get yer food on!
3	Eh, it's a chain restaurant like all the rest. Red Robin is kind of like the bastard stepchild of TGI Friday's and Applebee's. As it sits along a stretch of road here populated by almost every chain restaurant known to man it is kind of unassuming and almost invisible. Still, after dropping in here the other day for a quick dinner it is definitely worth a second look.Yeah, it has all the standard retro pictures, movie/sports posters, and goofy memorabilia hanging on the walls that is the basis of their cheeseball decor. Also has the over cheery waitstaff that you really want to strangle and just wish they would shut up and take your order. The menu has a lot of burger choices along with many other entrees and appetizers to choose from. One thing I noticed right away - Bottomless fries and root beer floats. Yes, BOTTOMLESS! OMG - that is totally evil. Must. Resist. Must. Not in a burger mood tonight as I was craving some chicken. Went with the Ensenada Chicken Platter. Two boneless chicken breasts rubbed with a chili seasoning and served with a side of salsa and two dipping sauces -  salsa & creamy lime sauce. Also comes with a salad with tortilla strips in it. Honestly, this was pretty tasty. The chicken was cooked just right and the chili rub tasted good, the salad was fresh, and the sauces were decent. Not a bad spot to have a meal as far as chain restaurants go. Attentive wait staff, clean space, and decent tasting food. It's OK by me!
2	I went here tonight for dinner with a couple of friends and I must say... it was pretty meh. I don't really understand how this chain got as big as it is because it is overpriced and not very good. Plus the 'kitsch' is kind of annoying, right down to all of fake enthusiasm and the names of menu items. I got the potato soup and salad combo (which costs 9$) and the salad was pretty terrible. It looked like they opened a bag of rabbit salad and dumped it on a plate with some cheese on it. The lettuce tasted like it had not been washed. The soup was mediocre, not bad, but not as good as potato soups I have had at other chain restaurants. Oh...and there was a bug on our table. You heard me. A bug. I don't know what it was....but it was a medium sized bug and was kind of gross and unappetizing. I'm not trying to say the place is dirty, because I'm sure every restaurant has had a bug come in...hard to avoid....but I think the place should be maintained enough to keep them off of the tables at least. Anyway, I feel that my money and calories are best spent elsewhere, sorry RR.
5	Great customer service! We have had awesome servers every time we have gone & pretty darn good food too.
5	This res robin rocks.  Selena is our waitress, and is awesome!
5	We left another Red Robin location after being treated like dirt & came over to this one. We weren't griping necessarily, just commenting to the server about our experience, and he had the GM & manager come over & talk to us. The food was great, as always, and then they took $20 off our bill just for the inconvenience that the other location had caused us. Great staff, great food, and high on our list of places to eat. We will be back!
5	The red royal burger is the best! Fried egg with bacon cheese burger Yes please! Service is always quick and attentive. One time we had to catch a movie, the waiter whipped out our food so quick that we were literally only spent the total of 30 mins in the restaurant. Great job!Ask for a rewards card. Every 8 burgers you buy get the 9th one for free. Also a free burger on your birthday month.
4	This is a place for families! They accommodate large groups easily and have a great family oriented atmosphere.  Their servers are always on top of their game and very friendly.
3	I don't think I like Red Robin quite as much as I used to. The burger is still pretty good, although I don't really care much for the fries anymore even though I love the concept of free refills on them. The service was pretty good at this location, but I don't think Red Robin offers a very good value for what it is.
4	Visited 11/23/12...This is always a great place for a hamburger.  Endless steak fries.  And great shakes.  I have always had a good burger. Better than fast food with bar and ability to have a beer or other beverage if you desier. Good service.  Quick food. Always a reliable choice for a quick burger.
5	Great food, terrific service, reasonable prices. I definitely recommend.
4	Red Robin is consistently good. This is the first time that we have been to this location, but we have been to several others and they are always good. My husband and I sit in the smoke free bar area if the place is busy and it often is very busy! I almost always get the whiskey river BBQ chicken sandwich and broccoli because it is great!
4	Always been a big fan of Red Robin.  Love the burgers, love the fries!  I wish they would stop changing the menu on me!  Every time I find an item I like its no longer available when I go back.  I always find something else, but it makes it kindof hard to develop a list of favorites.
5	RR is consistently a great place to visit.  It is clean and has really great food.  They don't even blink an eye when asked to customize a meal, no matter how odd.  This place is good for families, as well as elderly.  Alison is always a fantastic server; a ray of sunshine.
3	Overall, I like this place because they allow me to bring my dog if I sit in their outdoor seating area. Dog friendly restaurant with good eats at a good price.The one gripe I have is that the awning over the outdoor seating area is not very good. Too much sun comes in during the summer months, making it hard to stay there very long.
5	Service is just excellent, Daniel seated our family with care. The manager stopped by to ask if we needed anything...nice touch. We have 4 small kids under age 8. They made us feel welcome even though other places make us feel like we are intruding. Oh, and the food is excellent!
3	We sat for 10 minutes before being acknowledged by a server. Then it took another 10 minutes to get water. Good thing we weren't thirsty. A father and son sat next to us and received their drinks before us. Once the server recognized how upset I was, he got our order in quick. First impression is a lasting impression.
4	You're typical all American burger place. Aka Shenanigans. Quality burgers and great fries. The place to go when you can't decide where you want to eat.
3	My Husband, my In laws & I came for dinner. We waited an hour to get our food & when we got our food it was cold. They remade our food & manager was nice & took half off our bill which was awesome but if we go somewhere to eat we don't want to wait an hour to eat & then get cold hamburgers.....
2	I have always been a big fan of Red Robin.  I love their burgers and I love their fries.  It's a real bummer that the last few times we've gone for lunch we've  noticed that both the service and the food quality aren't what they once were.  It's hard to put my finger on exactly what the problem is, but the burgers and sides just aren't as good (lower quality of ingredients perhaps?  Less fresh maybe?)As far as the service goes our waitress really did try, but they seemed like they were understaffed, and the hostess kept seating people in her section.  At any rate the service was slow and we were ignored most the time.I think this last trip to Red Robin really will be our last.  Plenty of other places to get it decent burger around here.
2	I've been to this location twice this past month, it is honestly a hit or miss. First time we were sat fairly quickly by the bar and our server was awesome, corrected mistakes and went beyond. This second time we walked in, three servers were by the bar chatting away, looked over and saw us and didn't come greet us, just continued chatting away while looking around for the host, the host saw us and we finally got sat. Our server came and greeted us and took our orders, but forgot to ask how we wanted our burgers cooked. Our burgers came after watching them sit on the kitchen window getting cold, (couldn't even return them because our server didn't come and check on us and we were starving) then our sweet potato fries didn't come til after we were done with our meal and once again those were cold as well because they were sitting up on the kitchen window. Our server didn't apologize once, or ask if everything was okay and the chipotle aioli and ranch I ordered didn't come til I asked another server for it... Truly disappointed.
2	I asked for a burger done medium, they brought out the most charred, burnt, disgusting burger I have ever had. Two stars because they didn't make me pay for it. Not going back.
5	Red Robin is generally a good place to get a burger, fries and shake. They have excellent onion rings, which is my favorite appetizer to get. The service is usually really good and the burgers are mighty tasty. I enjoy eating here as does my family. I have never had bad service or a bad burger. For a chain restaurant they do have great burgers and an excellent selection of them. I like their protein burger and that it comes with a salad instead of fries. Tragically it doesn't come with unlimited salad. I am also a huge fan of their bacon chesseburger. Their Royal red robin is fantastic, but afterwards I felt like I was going to have a heart attack. They still have unlimited fries. It's a more upscale Fuddruckers with better burgers.I've never sat at the bar so I can't comment on that. However, everywhere else is very family friendly. I enjoy when the wait staff gets together to sing a birthday song. It always makes me think of Waiting, hopefully I never get the dreaded THUMBS DOWN at any restaurant I eat at.All in all its a sit down chain burger joint. You get what you expect, good burgers friendly wait staff, nothing AMAZING but still worth your money and time. It's also conveniently located to where I live.
4	Family dinner night on Veterans Day. Yes I enjoyed a free meal!The food was wonderful, the service was great, the kids had fun, and I hated the wait. I did not enjoy the hour wait time however, I expected delay due to Veterans Day.
5	My friend and I went here for dinner tonight and I was beyond impressed. When we walked in, the place was PACKED, but as we were only a party of two, we were seated within five minutes. We were asked what we'd like to drink, and promptly received what we'd ordered. When it came time to order our food, we both got burgers: I got the mushroom swiss burger, and she got the gluten-free whiskey river burger. Once we put in our order, we waited for a good 30-40 minutes before the manager, John, came by our table. He explained that her burger was not made gluten-free, and for the inconvenience and the wait, dinner was on him. Our food arrived shortly after he came by our table, and still he comped the meal. Our waiter, Nick, was also fabulous, making sure everything was taken care of without hovering.Although the food was a solid 7 out of 10, the service is what made the experience for me. The staff that I dealt with were super polite, very friendly, and made the night great. I will definitely be returning!
5	We have been here several times and our meals have always been good.  Service is prompt and food is hot. Just to note that Micah was attentive and courteous. The amount of fries they give you to begin with is small, but it makes sense because they will give you more when you run out. It is a wise cost decision. I love the Red Royalty Club (card) and if you don't have one, get one - free is always a winner!
4	Red Robin is one of our favorite burger joints for the family.  It's typically busy at this location, especially on the weekends.  Our wait this visit was less than a half hour though.  The chain looks like they've been busy upgrading the decor at all their locations.  The new look is a little retro and is unique and fun.  Our food was delivered timely and tasted great.
3	I like this location and they've done a good job redecorating. They are usually busy at all times especially during sporting events. One thing I've noticed at this location is that when something is wrong with your order they will automatically send a manager over to see what was wrong and was it fixed. This is nice, but today the managers response was " well it wasn't her fault" I was a little taken back by this 1. I didn't ask you to come over here and 2. I never blamed the server or anyone for that matter . Customer service is important and red robin has the right idea but let's keep the responses to "I'm sorry how can I make this better?" It's not a blame game
5	They were very busy with the noonday crowd, but 3 waiters came over to take our orders or to let us know that we were not forgotten. I had a bacon cheese burger. Fabulous. Wife had her fave, the Bonzai burger. Food yummy, service fantastic. We left, full and happy!
3	Service was very friendly and attentive. Food was excellent. However the atmoshphere was unbearable. The majority of the restaurant consisted of families with multiple small children. I HIGHLY SUGGEST you order takeout, unless you are prepared to sit through a meal listening to children screaming, running around, and even nobody doing a thing about it (including the parents!). At one point, one of the tables across from us with a family of 5, the children were opening the salt and pepper shakers, and putting their mouths over it, and their hands inside. We warned the waiter what happened once the family had left, and we don't think he even acknowledged what had happened, therefore the condiments were probably left for the next customers to use. This gave us an awful impression on the sanitary of the restaurant, especially since we'll never be able to know what kind of stuff could of been happening at our table before we arrived. I almost feel bad for the managment. I understand it's not their fault. Most of the staff are younger, energetic and extremely friendly. There was absolutely nothing wrong with the service or the food at all. As a matter of fact, I'd recommend you go as long as you do takeout or sit in the lounge (21 and over). However the level of noise, and amount children in the restaurant, is easily comparable to a McDonalds or Burger King, and was next to unbearable throughout most of our stay. Note: we came to this restaurant at 6:00 on a friday night, a couple days after the New Year.
3	Their food is good, but we were there for three hours the other day.  The waitress admitted that they were always under-staffed.  Their fries are popular, but I opted for the bottomless broccoli, which arrived well after everyone else had their fries, and apparently you need to specifically request more, although they might have been too generous with their endless lemonade, they actually gave me a second before I drank the first a couple of times.  She said they bring out more until you ask them to stop.
