3	It's hard for any bank to get 5 star in my book, but I was pretty impressed with RBC Bank.First of all - free checking - how many banks still do that?!?!  That was what lured me to RBC Bank.  Even though I have a 12 year relationship with BoA and am supposedly an Advantage client, I started getting charged $20/month for a small separate checking account I had in addition to my main checking account.  So I closed it and went in search of a free checking account.I found one at RBC, and since my husband is a Canadian citizen and we plan on retiring in Canada some day, I was intrigued by the idea of starting a relationship with a bank that was affiliated with a large Canadian bank.  Like most things I do, I opened an account online.  That experience was not as simple as I thought it would be.  It ended up taking a couple of weeks as different documentation (drivers license and passport, business license) that was not listed on the initial form was needed and I would scan them and send them by e-mail and the person in Rocky Mount couldn't open the scan, and it all became fodder for a sitcom.  So, that was the minorly irritating part of the experience that made the rating 3 stars instead of 5.But, after getting through that (which could have been avoided if I just opened the account at the branch), I got a call from my local branch relationship manager, Amanda Claudio-Diaz.  She invited me to come in to get my online banking set up.  I normally would be wary of such a call because I generally like to interact with bank's websites.  But she just sounded so NICE and so eager to serve me, that I felt compelled to go meet with her.  And when I met with her, I realized that she really is eager to serve.  Sure, banks like to get a lot of info about your assets so that they can try to sell you things.  But Amanda really seemed like she could help me and serve me better, so I willingly provided her with this information.  She was honest and forthright about areas where it wouldn't make sense for me to drop my current provider in favor of RBC, and was not at all pushy or salesy.  She just wanted to start building a relationship with me so that she could help me. So, I'm embarking on my experience with RBC feeling kind of refreshed and eager - free checking and a really nice relationship manager who seems focused on my needs.  If it wasn't for the minorly irritating online account opening process, this bank would have earned 5 stars from me.  And I can't think of the last time I would have felt that way about any other bank.
1	I was tremendously disappointed in doing business with RBC. They are as half assed as they come when dealing with banks. I have never had issues with my home office, but the toll free customer service is piss poor, to say the least. RBC pushes, and pushes, and pushes for you to conduct everything online, yet only gives you statements back 6 weeks. What fucking good is that? This company will try at every given opportunity to financially rape you. Here I am selling my business, enquiring about getting statements. [ since we only go back 6 weeks ] $20.00 to look into this, plus $7.00 per month? Are they out of there minds? $45.00 to incoming wires and outgoing .... for the fuck sakes. You would think you were dealing with your credit card company. Even though I continuously updated my new address, somehow, someway, RBC never updated there systems online, or over the phone. RBC is as piss poor as they come when dealing with money. Thank god I no longer deal with these morons.
1	I wish I could choose something lower than one star.  I have had a home equity line line with RBC since 2008, and I've been pretty shocked by how much the bank lives in the stone age.  I bank with Charles Schwab, which is awesome on rates, zero fees, range of banking/lending/brokerage/retirement services, customer service, and  super hip technology.  I don't expect Schwab-level performance from other banks, but my first mortgage, for example, is with Wells Fargo, and they at least auto-debit my payment every month like a normal modern bank so I never have to deal with their bureaucratic customer service in the first place. I'll get to RBC's customer service in a minute.  But first, let's talk about the fact that they offer me no option to even make a payment online, much less to choose auto debit.  What's more, they send me a paper bill every month WITH NO RETURN ENVELOPE so I have to go buy a freaking box of envelopes, buy stamps, write out addresses, and then find a mailbox to drop my bill in.  Over four years, this has become a tremendous hassle. As for the customer service, I've had to deal with them several times when my bill didn't show (lost in the mail - shocker!) or when my payment didn't arrive at their offices (lost in the mail room - shocker!).  They pretty consistently do what they can to not think (the robotic, canned response voice of a complacent bureaucrat - you know the sound) and not be helpful.  The people in the branches are nicer, but definitely not snappy.If your mortgage broker turns these guys up, I'd recommend paying a couple extra basis points on your rate and going with a real bank.  The lack of time wasted buying envelopes and dealing with customer service will be well worth it over time.
