5	We just moved to the NW side of town and needed to find a new auto repair shop.  After consulting Yelp, we gave Mike and Doctor Auto a shot today.  Hallelujah!  Just the kind of place we were looking for!  Thank you Kelly & Jasmine for pointing us to the right shop!I have a HUGE pet peeve with repair shops.  I can't stand it when they talk down to either my husband or me, but especially me.  None of that from Mike or his technician!  Yay!  Mike was super friendly when we dropped the van off, honest and to the point when calling with the estimate and then his technician was great when I picked up the van.  I was pretty impressed that Mike automatically gave us a military discount without being asked.  Seriously, a discount without being asked for one.  That NEVER happens!  Granted, my husband was wearing his uniform when we dropped it off but that's happened to us at other places and never have we received a discount on that basis alone.  Can't believe I'm saying this, but spending almost $600 was almost enjoyable at Doctor Auto!  I highly recommend them!
1	I've been going to Dr Auto since 2001 when Dave, and then Mike, ran an honest, reliable, and fair shop. I never felt like I was being taken advantage of, or upsold on services and/or products I did not need. I have taken all of my cars there for repairs for 10 years and have spent over $50k in that time. I don't believe in car payments, so I buy all my vehicles at auction, or fixer uppers. The guys at Dr Auto took care of all my needs and at no time did I ever feel taken advantage of.All that has changed. After Mike & Dan, the Mgr. & the chief mechanic left the employ of Dr Auto about a month ago, I thought it strange that 2 key employees would leave this place at the same time. After a couple of experiences with the new Mgr, I feel that Dr Auto seems more concerned with increasing the bottom line than the "Hometown Service With Integrity", claim. (their tag phrase). I don't like to make negative comments about anyone without careful consideration, especially when those people rely on repeat buisiness to thrive, but I will not give someone I don't trust any more of my money and I can not recommend them to anyone else. Be thorough, and ask questions if you have your car repaired there. Make sure that the recommended repairs are genuinely needed. Better yet, avoid this shop and find someone you can trust.
4	My wife got her water pump on her PT Cruiser fixed here. We shopped around and the prices here were competitive. The staff was nice. We got our car back a couple hours then initially anticipated, but all in all we were happy with Doctor Auto.
5	I have always received honest service at doctor auto.  I recommend to all.  Be sure to mention if you are a member of AAA to receive discount on labor.  Thanks for the professional and friendly service!
1	I had a Engine in warranty from LKQ, these guys were to install its replacement.. They told me done in a few days, ok...   I went there and noticed when the engine was taken out they carelessly left my AC dangling and did not remove it to install new engine. No big deal till you understand the rest.. this is a cheap way to not refill system and do it right...  After going to get my car when they said it was done I Notice AC didn't work and wrong Coolant added to Radiator. ( cannot use regular Green... Yellow Ford required ) Then I say I will come get it when they fix the AC, they tell me hours later its the PCM..( Computer ) well OK you guys shorted it out, the only thing wrong was a Valve Rattle, now this?? After 2 days with LKQ saying they are going to send a inspector I drove past and noticed my Mirrors Loose (broken ) on BOTH SIDES!! I am ANAL when it comes to my car I bought New in 2007..  this was enough, I took it home.. I had enough...  They forgot 4 bolts, 2 in wrong spot, One Digging into Power Steering Rack, Power steering Bottle Cracked on Bottom from a Poor removal and hid the fact it was cracked on the lower nipple and the AC system they claimed did not hold R-134a because they DID remove the AC later and LOST the O-Rings when they filled it, it leaked.. and they SHORTED the AC Protective Diode.. IT WAS NOT THE PCM.. this place MIGHT be good for a Oil Change if you tell them how to do it, but that's all..  Telling me How Do we know you didn't bring it in here like this... BAHAHAHA, a back yard weekend mechanic was able to figure out they were unskilled for the task.. I will make sure with a HUGE online review on EVERY Review site that this place is NOT the place to take a Car... or a peddle bike for that matter..I replaced the o-rings, pulled the diode and got the ac working after I vacuumed it and refilled, what armatures..  I guess I got to go to ford, spend $80 on a new Power steering Bottle and tell LKQ to send me the money..When they first got my car knowing it was under warranty from LKQ they tried to get me to pay them the other $45 per hour on top of the $55 an hour they were getting under warranty... I told them do not touch it until I contact LKQ, they tried to scam me out of $45 an hour x12 hours.... I am not stupid..  LKQ should have pulled it out right there and then, but no.. they agreed to do it for the $55 an hour, but the skill these guys have isn't worth Minimum wage..
1	I recently paid 500 dollars for them to put new brakes on my car. I've since had to come in twice to get them looked at. The first time they repaired them for free and said that I shouldn't have anymore problems. However, the loud squeakiness continued and they quoted me 200 dollars for the second time to repair the same brake pads that they put on to begin with. They are trying to charge me 700 dollars for brakes? I think not! I no longer trust them with my vehicle and would warn others who are attempting to do the same.
4	The only thing I had here was a smog check. It was quick, easy, in and out. Of course I didn't do my research so as I attempted to register post smog I was smacked back to reality b/c they don't do registration there.. Smog Only.. Dah well, I'll be better prepared next time. No real complaints, just wanted a little more convenience..
5	Recently recommended by a friend.  Best recommendation I have ever received! Excellent customer service and mechancial work. Honest and trustworthy, two important items today. I highly recommend Doctor Auto for your automobile service and repair.
5	I've recently moved to Las Vegas. In the process of changing my plates over and needed a smog. I did my research on Yelp and found this place. Not only did they have me in and out in 30mins, it was only $25 for the smog. Cheap and fast! Doesn't get much better than that!
5	I have been bringing my car to Doctor Auto for major/minor repairs since 2008.  I have always received top notch service and reasonable prices (I have called around to other place... national chains and Mom & Pop auto repair shops.. Doctor Auto usually has the lower prices.)  Other people have mentioned that ownership has changed through the years, but I do know one of the mechanics (I cannot remember his name..older gentleman) has been there for at least the past 3-4 years.  If I have ever been unhappy/less than satisfied with the repair job, I have called (they are a AAA shop) and talked to them about my concerns... without hesitation or argument, they have always said, "We're sorry... bring your car back in and we will do whatever we can to make it better."  I was BEYOND impressed with my interaction with Jesse these past two days.  I brought my car in for an oil change; I was using a $50 gift card they sent to me.  He was more than helpful and HONEST with me to assist me in getting the most bang for my GC.  I was aware that my power steering might be an issue... he called a dealership for the part (yikes.. they no longer have that part and require a whole replacement process for the part... $600+... ). Jesse was very honest with me - "not worth it" and provided me with a lower cost alternative.  When we spoke on the phone in the a.m. (when I called to ask about the oil change), I mentioned my blinker light being out and needing to be replaced.  By the afternoon, it slipped my mind completely and I forgot to mention it when I was getting the oil change.  Of course, once I left and had to use my blinker, I remembered!  I called and left a message to see if I could bring it back in.  Jesse promptly returned my call.  Jesse had told me that things like this are at no charge during oil changes.  I felt bad going back in today to have them fix it so I brought them some tacos (Taco Bell is next to the shop) to say THANKS!!!  I am glad I did... they were so apologetic for not remembering to do it yesterday and apologized for inconveniencing me.. no inconvenience... I forgot to tell them to change the bulb.  I just noticed I reviewed Doctor Auto in July 2012... I really am 100% satisfied with Doctor Auto and would recommend them to anyone who is looking for an honest, reasonably priced auto repair shop... something that is VERY difficult to find in this town!
1	RIP OFF!! After calling three different auto mechanics shops and being quoted hundred and $175 to change my spark plugs in my truck. They quoted me $290 instead it would take 3 hours of labor to change them out. I'd rather travel that extra 15 miles across town to get honest quality service then to go just up the road and get gouged in the pocket.
5	For over a year they have serviced my cars and not only been honest, reasonably priced, but offer fantastic service.  With most auto places you get one or maybe two of the three.They do go off the time table printed in manuals to repair items (spark plugs inlcuded) and of course, BILLY C. , the quality of the plugs can make a difference too.They did make a mistake on my ex wife's car but then called me (I was paying for it) and offered to fix it as well as provide a rental car if needed.  We wouldn't have noticed, but they were being honest.As for pricing, they provide military discounts which help.  I'd recommend them always
4	I've been taking my 2004 Hyundai there since 2011 and I have had great service. My engine light came on and although it took some time, they finally figured it out what was needed to be replaced. I was there today and spent quite a bit on a new radiator but as long as my car is working, Im happy. Its better than a car payment.
2	I took my car here in October 2012 and never got around to leaving a review. I noticed a clicking noise inside my dash and Dr. Auto identified it as a problem with the mode-actuator doors that control the heating/ac air flow. They fixed it, but when I got my car back I was frustrated to hear a new clicking or knocking noise coming from inside the dash. It seemed as if when they dismantled the dash, they put it back together wrong, or broke something else when they were putting it back together. After recording the sound, several phone calls, and an email to the owner I was able to take my car back in and they fixed the new problem for no additional cost to me. On that alone, I would probably rate this place a 3, or maybe even a 4 star since they were eventually willing to work with me and fix the mistakes they had made. I'm giving Dr. Auto a 2 star rating though because I recently called to get a quote for a laundry list of repairs that the dealership recommended. I figured since Dr. Auto made it right the last time around, I owed it to them to reach out for another set of repairs. I spoke with someone who said he was busy with another customer and he would call me back. It's been 6 days and I've never heard back from Dr. Auto - for me, that was their final chance. I took my business to other auto shops I found on yelp that had better reviews and have been really pleased with the response and attention I received at the other shops.
5	I live right around the corner from a 12 bay garage. However, I will drive over 5 miles to get to Doctor Auto on Craig Road when I need something done on my car. They give great service, they are honest, reasonable, and they get the job done right. Nick even took time out of a busy day to help me when I needed advice when buying a used car. He steered me away from what could have been a seriously bad purchase. It's nice when you can say "let me have my mechanic take a look at it, and feel 100% safe in doing that. I just can't say enought about these guys. I've been a customer for over 3 years now and very satisfied with them. Gary DayzeVegas Entertainment Radio
3	I came here to have my air conditioning fixed. Living in Vegas and having your A/C go out is definitely not enjoyable. They were the first mechanic I came to because of other great reviews here on yelp. They diagnosed my car FOR FREE and didn't make me feel obligated to have the work done here. He explained the pricing very clearly and said they would even be fine with me bringing in my own parts. The guys were very prompt and friendly. Lobby is clean with complimentary coffee water, and magazines if you decide to wait there. I felt very comfortable with them being the ones to work on my car. Nick was a great guy. Helpful and super friendly :) give them a visit you won't regret it******Changed my review from 5 to 3 stars for the following reasons. I had a second opinion done on my car just in case. Turns out my car was misdiagnosed COMPLETELY.  They said it was a blower and resistor. I bought the parts and everything and they wanted 350 to fix it. The second diagnosis through another mechanic found my blower motor and resistor were completely functional once power was put to them and it was a melted blower pin on the switch and a bad connection at the junction. A lot cheaper labor and parts. I was impressed at first but glad I didn't waste 350 for absolutely nothing. I know mistakes happen but that is too expensive of a mistake for me right now.
5	Just awesome! Came in last few minutes and they took me in, and did a ac evac and recharge, just in time to go on vacation the next day, front desk is extremely nice!!
5	This is the 3rd time I have used Doctor Auto. I am single lady and am always skeptical and afraid of being taken advantage of. But with Doctor Auto I always feel like I am in the best of hands. They are very friendly, the prices are very reasonable and they are very efficient. I was shown the part I was replacing and how worn down it was. I waited in the lobby which had a TV. It was a very quick 2 hours. I will always take my car to Doctor Auto.
5	Awesome service! Fair & reasonable pricing. Took car in for brake repair. Thoroughly discussed the work with me with no high pressure sales pitch for additional work. Thoroughly pleased and highly recommend them
5	Unparalleled work ethics and prices.  My wife had to take her car into Fire Stone at Nellis AFB for an oil chance,  the oil pan hole turned out to be stripped and the whole oil pan had to be replaced, job was quoted at $600.  I am currently deployed to east Africa and had no way of helping her out towing her vehicle from Fire Stone to Doctor auto or even verify the legitimacy of the problem.  Called Doctor Auto, talked to Nick Chavez, and got it all taken care of.  He gave me a quote for $350 including towing and a nice 10% military discount.  Words cannot express how grateful we are.
