5	An explosion of color the moment you walk in, everything was delicately placed with utmost preciseness. Too bad I didn't get to stay here as long as I would've because there was so much for the eyes to see, it was almost overwhelming. There were cards, letter sets, stationaries etc - the place was a girl's paradise. By first impression, papyrus stood out. I'll be sure to drop by soon and write a review update with regard to their price range and actual product quality.
5	My galpal and I went back to Papyrus on Monday 04/23/12 and spent comparitively more time savoring the products. They had a special promotion of buy 1 get half off the second item. Sadly we didn't really have a budget for stationaries and settled with checking the items out one by one. Among the few notable ones we've checked out were the letter sets, European-inspired stamps and tags. There were journals that ranged between the $20s-30s. They were pretty alright but practically speaking, I would recommend you just get them at Barnes and Nobles at a fraction of Papyrus' price. There was this one cute notebook I couldn't get enough off with a cover that had one of my mottos' in it - Keep Calm and Carry On. My galpal also inquired about wax seals for envelopes and apparently, Papyrus sells both seal stickers and custom made seal stamps. There were jewellry imported all the way from Europe and beautiful cards that could bring joy to the occasion it was meant for. Still, it's important to note that prices lean toward the high side so not unless you've got a budget, treat this place like a museum and just savour what it's got to offer like we did.
5	After calling 6 other businesses in the area for gift wrapping this turned out to be the only place that did it.I came here earlier today to have a picture frame gift wrapped and they did an exceptional job. I got a gift card, large gift bag, tissue paper, and gift wrapping for only $11.37!There were 3 ppl working in the store and for the 15 mins I was there I was the only other customer. The staff was very helpful, and went above and beyond to help me out.They gave me a pen and scratch paper to practice my letter, gave me a place to sit, and helped me select the gift card and gift bag. To top things off they color coordinate the bag, gift wrap, and tissue paper... This was I guys dream cuz I have no idea what the heck is supposed to go into a gift much less which colors to choose...Overall great place, with affordable prices and a great team. Tip* act ignorant, be polite, and ask for plenty of help and they'll treat you like a  guest!
