4	Smoky but surprisingly not divey -- I like to think of it as the poor, well-scrubbed step-sister of Silky's. (Just roll with me.)The drinks are cheap and strong, and the locals are friendly. It's the kind of place where families go, along with Bachelorette Party girls, along with Greenfield bro-types, along with retired millworkers. Lots of Nice Drunks who give freely the handshakes and the "Eyyyyyy!"Their karaoke night, every other Saturday, is a bunch of fun due to the melting-pot nature of the clientele, where Right Said Fred rubs up against 50s boogie-woogie. The only downside to karaoke night is that the kitchen closes early because of it.
5	I love Yesterday's. LOVE IT!We really only ever make it here for karaoke, or pop in for a round after the St. Rosalia summer church festival, but every other Saturday night, Yesterday's transforms from a Yinzer Greenfield bar into a magical karaoke experiment that should go wrong - but always goes right.Yinzers. Retired millworkers. Cute Yinzer daughters of millworkers. Someone you vaguely remember from high school. A guy in a business suit who is playing some fierce air key-tar. Those karaoke nerds from St. James Place (okay, that one is us). A well-put-together 40something lady who surprises you when she belts out an 80s song. A bunch of bros who, it turns out, really like 90s rap songs and Miller Lite. Two guys starting an arm-wrestling contest at the bar.You will meet all of these characters and more on a karaoke Saturday at Yesterday's. And while it seems like somewhere in this mix, something will go awry, what happens instead is an incredible party atmosphere with impromptu duets, a packed dance floor, dozens of toasts, shout outs to Pittsburgh sports, and people from every walk of Yinzer life coming together to drink, sing, and tear Greenfield down until 1:30am.DJ Mike (of PartyOn Entertainment) may not have the best karaoke system out there, but he packs a decent selection of songs and does a good job keeping the singers rolling through.I can't remember a time we've been here that wasn't a blast.Drinks are cheap (less than $3 apiece for well drinks), the bartenders are friendly, and even though they're cash only, there's a bank just next door and an ATM on the premises. And if you're like us and fortunate enough to live in the Squirrel Hill/Greenfield area, you're just a short walk away from home after last call.Karaoke runs every other Saturday night from 10pm until 1:30am (since Yesterday's itself doesn't have a website, details about their KJ and karaoke can be found here: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Party-On-Entertainment/146273945406488).So whether you're in the mood for a Bon Jovi singalong or busting out your best Axl Rose impression, Yesterday's is the spot every other Saturday night!
1	Based on the positive reviews others gave, I thought this place would be great. I have never been more led astray by Yelp.Background: I am 22, but I was trying to find something fun to do with some friends who were 19 and 20 and both from Europe. We had been turned away from other places for not all being 21 (which was a huge annoyance to the Europeans who have been going to pubs and bars since they were 16) and saw that this place had karaoke and thought we should give it a try. Outside the door was a sign that said "Must be 18+ to enter" so we thought we should be fine.As we approached there was a dirty looking man pounding on a car. He seemed to be beyond wasted, but we figured he was probably just someone who had gotten out of hand and walked inside. The interior was dirty looking, and everyone at the bar seemed very drunk already (it was only 10pm on a Saturday) and no one was going near the karaoke machine. We were deciding if we wanted to stay and sit, when someone put his arm around me and one of my companions from behind us. It turned out to be the guy who had been pounding on the car outside. He asked us for our ID's and I asked if he worked there, considering he was not wearing anything official looking and smelled like stale beer. He informed us that he was the bouncer, and then insulted my friend by commenting that she looked to be about 15 years old. We all handed over our ID's and he left with them, returning quickly to tell us we were fine and to have a seat. We picked the nearest bar stools to us, and the bartender was with us immediately. We all ordered non-alcoholic beverages (coke, lemonade, water) and were about to start looking through the karaoke options when a man (I'm assuming the manager) came over. He asked how old we were, and we told him our ages. He said that since drinks were being served, we could not stay, even though we had ordered non alcoholic drinks and the sign outside said otherwise. I pointed the sign  out to him, and he seemed unaware of the markings on his own bar and asked us to leave. We ended up leaving without any drinks, feeling like our personal boundaries had been crossed and like we had been super insulted. I like a good karaoke bar as much as the next person, but this is NOT the place to go unless you like random men crossing your personal boundaries. It did not seem to be a safe place for women at all. Or for people who like to be clean. Don't go here. It's awful
4	Well, as of right now, Yesterday's has gotten rid of its karaoke. I'm super sad to see it go! Crossing my fingers that this will return in the near future - I'll be sure to update if it does.
5	I just moved to Greenfield about 2 months ago and I'm pretty glad to have a little cheap dive bar right across the corner.  What all can you say about a dive? This is exactly what I look for - dim lights, cheap drinks and a friendly staff.
