4	I was introduced to Title Boxing Club via a Groupon deal, which gave me 2 weeks of unlimited classes at this location. Amanda, at the front desk, was very nice and helpful.  I got free hand-wraps with the Groupon, and Amanda taught me how to wrap my hands.  They have boxing gloves there, which you can borrow for your workouts, or you can bring your own.  They also have boxing gloves available for sale, in a variety of colors (pink!). They sell various other items too.I came for the kickboxing; I was looking forward to getting my Bruce Lee/Gina Carano on.  However, I was soon just as equally excited for the regular boxing segments.  Something about ending a hectic Monday by fast-loading some rapid body punches to your boss, I mean, punching bag. It was truly a stress-reducer/reliever.  They have their class schedule posted on their website, so you can see the times that are available for kickboxing vs just boxing. The instructor-led workouts are an hour long, and they break them up so that you have several 1-minute breaks, which is awesome for me. Water break!  If you don't want to take the break, the instructor gives you an activity to keep you busy during that time. They start you off with warm-ups, then there are eight 3-minute rounds, followed by a cool down. Those rounds are NO joke! I was sweating like pig in the Mississippi sun after each and every workout.  I never knew how much boxing could take out of you! I have a whole new respect for that profession. I loved the regular instructors that I had. I had my normal instructor, I think his name was Jack, and then there was a lady on the weekends, and I really enjoyed her classes as well (Lisa, maybe?).  These 2 instructors really pushed you to your limit, in a good way.  They were not overbearing, and when presenting one of the more challenging activities, they often gave an alternate activity that was less strenuous.  They were very encouraging as well. "You can do it!"   Sometimes there would be some of the younger girls substitute teaching the classes; I didn't enjoy them as much.  They seemed to have friends in the class and it was very "cliquey," and very high school-like.  Luckily, I only had to deal with that twice out of my 2-week stint.Awesome workout. I would definitely recommend it, especially for women.  It's very empowering. In just 2 weeks I felt and looked stronger (bicep guns, FTW!) and I'd loss weight.It's a decent sized facility; not too big, not too small. Lots of punching bags, a boxing ring, and a couple of workout machines.  There are free lockers for storing your belongings.  Clean restroom facilities. The only thing that I don't like is that their prices are not clearly posted.  I feel like when a company doesn't publicize their prices, they can randomly charge whatever they like. For example, Jane Doe, may be told to pay x amount for a membership, but John Doe is given a different price.  NOT saying that this establishment does that.  I just think they should post their membership prices, to assure fairness.I was sad when my 2 weeks were up.  Amanda, from the front desk,  called me to see if I wanted to continue.  When I called back I spoke with a guy.  He advised I could get a $69/month rate with a 12 month contract. But then there's the enrollment fee, and you have to pay for more than 1 month up front.  I do not recall how much it was to go month-to-month, but it was substantially more. Overall, I enjoyed this Title Boxing Club location, and I may return once my 6 months are up and I'm eligible again for the Groupon deal (you have to wait 6 months). Hidden location. It's tucked behind the mall area that's on the NE corner of Tatum & Cactus. If you go east on Cactus from Tatum, it'll be on the left/north. Take the street next to the Ghengis Grill, but make a right into that parking lot across the street. It's behind the Darden restaurants.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE this boxing club!! Everyone here is so friendly and calls you by name, they act like they've known you forever. I NEVER feel uncomfortable coming here alone to take a class. Everyone that works here is so encouraging, never makes your feel dumb or slow. Iv joined so many gyms (like everyone else) and I'd go for a month straight and quit. So I was a little hesitant to join here because I didn't want to do the same but I honestly enjoy going there and have fun so Iv been pretty consistent with my work outs. Also you go to title you work hard for an hour and your done. Unlike a normal gym, you go then you spend 2-3 hours there 90% of your time is spent on your phone and then you leave unsatisfied. My advise is if you have the money pay in full for the year. It's so much cheaper that way and you don't have to worry about monthly payments. My advise also is to join here. It's really is an amazing gym!!! You won't be disappointed!
