5	You know that feeling you get when you make an important purchase like a home, car or bed,  and after the feeling of wow wears off you are left with the feeling of remorse? Well, that didn't happen here thanks to Jeni (normally works out of the Arcadia location). I went in to ask a few questions that I couldn't get answers to online. Jeni answered all of them without pushing a sale on me, nothing more annoying than a pushy salesperson. Anyway, she explained the difference between the iLE and normal i series as well as the p series... Btw the i10 is the bomb, but a lil more than I am ready to spend on a bed at the moment. I also learned that since the beds are modular you can replace the padding and memory foam anytime you want and it's not too expensive. My sleep number is about 40 and compared to that, my bed is probably an 80 near the head and 50 near the bottom... Needless to say my back aches just thinking about my bed, but when I layer on the sleep number i8 at 40 I could feel the tension fading away. This bed is a pretty penny, but just think how my life will change when I can have a sound nights sleep and wake up refreshed and pain free. For now I'll have to dream of a better bed, but soon enough I will be sleeping soundly and selectively. Thanks Jeni!
1	WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER. Since I suffer from back problems I decided to bite the bullet and buy either a Sleep Number or a Tempur-Pedic. Well Sleep Number lost out because of one of the worst sales rep I have ever met. Once inside the store I looked around and waited for my daughter (who was parking her car) to help me in my decision. In the store there were two sales rep, neither greets me, which I can overlook since the store in located inside a busy mall and they might receive their fair share of window shoppers with no intentions of buying. After a while the blond one, which unfortunately I never caught her name, deigns to greet me and asked if I needed any help, I told her thank you but I'm waiting for my daughter. She responds with a snide tone "Why? Does she sale mattresses?" my reply you might ask? "Why? Do you need to sale mattresses to buy one?" I'm not sure why I got this kind of treatment, but if I'm going to drop over $3000 on a mattress you dam well better believe I need to be treated which some modicum of respect which in this case all I got was disrespect. Overall bad experience, avoid this store at all cost.
1	Whatever female that was working the weekend on 10/11/14 needs to be FIRED. I went into this store to try out the beds & was not greeted by anyone. There was only 1 sales rep who was busy attending some older folks, which was totally fine... I don't like being bothered anyway, if I have a question I'll ask. I came in here with my boyfriend & let me tell you, we may be young & LOOK like we don't have money, but trust me, I could buy any of these stupid mattresses easily without even thinking about it. Money is not an issue. We immediately picked the nicest looking beds, inclined it how we liked (I have a blood circulation problem so I put the lower end up of the bed inclined) felt pretty good. We then turned on our sides to see how it felt from the side..... & this terrible hideous sales rep (who was adjusting her old folks bed as they were laying on it) told us "oh come on, if all you guys are going to do is play around then you need to LEAVE." I was disgusted!!! I looked at her & said "Excuse me"?!! At that moment she realized she was a complete IDIOT & rolled her eyes & continued talking with her clients. We immediately took off & guess what sweetheart???? We were going to purchase a bed but HELL no!! I am taking my business to temperpedic. DONT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH JUDGMENTAL IDIOTS WHO DISCRIMINATE AGAINST YOUNGER PEOPLE.
