5	I took my car here on 1-5-11 to get the windows tinted.A friend of mine recommended this place to me since he got his tint and alarm installed here. They also install audio systems as well, and they sell HID headlights, license plate frames, and other accessories. Pricing for the tint was really cheap, $99 for a 3 year warranty and $139 for a lifetime warranty. Prices will be more if you have a larger car or truck. This place offers 35%, 20%, 15%, and 5%. I got the 35% in front and 15% in the back windows, and they also threw in a free 15% glare strip for the windshield, which was a $50 value. The install took about two hours, in at 3:30 and out between 5:30-6. I was able to watch my car while they were installing the tint, and there was WiFi available as well. While my car was in, they updated me on what was going on and what they were doing with it. I got my car back, and I was impressed by how well they did the tint. It looked perfect and at a very good price. 5 years from now, if the tint starts to bubble, I can take it in again and they will fix it for free. I will be getting my alarm installed here in the near future.
1	I just gave these guys a call to see how much it would cost for my car to be done and ask a few questions about the process and the products. I was given the response "come in and we will talk" to answer every question i had. EXTREMELY frustrating and i will now not bring my car to them because of their inability to simply answer a few questions over the phone.
5	Just got windows tinted on my 2013 Dodge Dart and was very impressed by the work done. Walked in a little before noon and was out the door in an hour. Paid $149 which included a lifetime warranty if any bubbles or mis coloration appears. Definitely be back to get my sound system installed as they do alarms tint and sound all at this location.  Even have Wi-Fi while you wait. And if you like dogs you can throw their german Shepard's ball for him, he's very nice. Had a nice experience.
5	I bought a travel trailer, that I later found out had no radio in it. Took it to these guys, they got right to work on it, great price for it too! after seeing how intricate it was to install with all the different speakers and systems i'm really impressed with the install and even more happy with the price! great guys and great service!
5	Just picked up my car. They did a really good job on tinting. This is my second tinting job from them. Thank you.
5	Great place to get your cars tinted and they also provide other services.  Decent prices as well.
5	Great window tint job on my Nissan Altima . Will definitely recommend. Reasonable prices, great customer service.
5	Love this place, dropped it off around 9:30, got full limo tint, subs wired and installed, picked up by 4, didn't mind, beautiful things take time! Very professional, great work. Wish the shop was bigger, but you'll be better off not waiting, drop off and come back later! No hidden charges, no games being played, just clean cut work
5	I needed to get the windows tinted on my new car and after looking into a handful of tint shops, I made an appointment here. I picked LMS because we've taken some of our fleet cars at work here in the past, and their work always looked good and lasted years so far, still looking the same.I told them that I wanted to drop my car off in the morning and then head back to work, so they asked me to swing by right when they open at 9 am. I arrived the next day 5 minutes early and there were already about 4 people in front of me waiting for the shop to open. I filled out some paperwork, and selected my film and darkness levels. I went with the Carbon film, which is their top of the line and comes with a lifetime warranty, all around and a windshield glare strip. I gave them the key and told them to call me on my cell when it was done. I left the shop at about 9:20 am.Since there were 4 other cars ahead of me and only 3-4 employees there including the guys that work in the front, I expected it to be a while before they even got to my car. However, at noon I received a phone call from LMS saying that my tint was all done and I could pick up my car. Wow, already? The tint looks awesome and exactly how I pictured it looking on my car. The workmanship looks great and I didn't even see any bubbles even though they're perfectly normal until the film sets completely, so don't touch or roll down your windows the first week! This shop definitely does high quality work at low prices. Don't be fooled by how the shop looks on the outside! The film I got will typically run you about $189 for a 4 door sedan which is comparable to or lower than other places I was looking at, but they'll give you a lifetime warranty no questions asked. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking to get their vehicle tinted.
5	Absolutely Amazing these guys. I was extremely desperate to get my windows tinted. I absolutely had no patients, nor did I have any intentions on waiting until the weekend. Just getting off work a little after 5 o'clock pm I Called a million places seeing if they had the time to tint my windows before closing hoping I'd get lucky. Of all the places I called these guys were the one yes I received. Though it was closing time they still managed to fit me in. These guys will definitely take care of you!
5	I made an impulsive decision to get my windows tinted. The service was amazing. Everyone who worked there was really friendly and helpful. They are reasonably priced! I got 5% tint on all my windows, the front windshield 85%, a car stereo and speakers installed all in one day without an appointment. They don't give you the run around and try to help as best as possible. Customer service is their thing! I'm impressed and incredibly happy with my decision!
5	Today I had a stero put in my vehicle by LMS. To begin with everyone was very professional . The owner was very knowledgable of the systems he had to offer. I explained what I wanted and he showed me several systems that would work for me. I did not feel pressure to purchase a more expensive system. They demonstrated the system once it was installed. I am very satisfied with my new stero. I will definitely use them in the future for all of my accessories for my truck. I would definitely refer them to family and friends. Their prices are also very good. I checked prices prior to purchasing my system.
5	We recently bought a used Grand Caravan that needed new window tinting. LMS did a superb job for a very reasonable price. We are very happy with the results and will definitely be referring our friends here.  In fact, I want to surprise my husband for Christmas with tinting for his car!Besides providing a superior service,  the owner and employees were friendly and professional.  I am a huge supporter of small businesses especially when they can provide a great product at the right price.
5	Excellent and friendly service from staff. Answered all my questions and explained all the options before they started the work. My car looks awesome and I am very happy with the work. I will recommend this business to my family and friends.
1	I called this place to get my windows tinted they said "$120 with 3 yr warranty and $159 for lifetime warranty" ok I thought great who needs more than a 3 year warranty on tint, $120 let's do it! So I go down to drop my car off and that's when the bait and switch happened. I get there and they tell me that the $120 option is with the cheaper film and will fade in about 2 years but I can get the better film for $159. Well long story short I ended up leaving because when I called they did not mention anything about different film, just different warranty.  I got my tint done for $150 anyways,  which is fine since the company was honest when I called and didn't bait and switch me.
5	GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE! We shopped around and these guys were the best service and best price!  They told us on the phone what the price would be, but also that they had other types of tint available (metal versus non-metal). We had them explain the different types and the manufactures warranty to us when we got there.  We went with the one they quoted us over the phone... it is the one that most people get which is why they quote that one, but were also honest in letting us know there were other types we could get (cheaper or more expensive). I really liked that they explained it and gave us options... they weren't pushy about getting any one in particular. They got our car in and out in good time and while we waited (when they didn't have customers) would talk with us. Very friendly, great prices, and informative.THANK YOU!!!
3	I give them 5 stars for having great customer service. I was greeted promptly and helped getting the best audio and tint. Their tint was a reasonable price and audio set up was decent. the fact that some of the amps I look up up an amazon were cheaper, but business is business.  The owner and another employee are very friendly and knowledgeable at what they work on. down fall I would say is the lobby, if you don't got a ride and you stay there....well you better find or bring something to keep you entertained. overall I enjoined my experience coming out of that shop with nice tint and sound system.
