5	This is an intimate, friendly restaurant with great food and wonderful service. The owner lives nearby and gets to know his clientele, and the atmosphere is relaxed and neighborly. He plays great music which doesn't overwhelm and this is generally a great little find in Charlotte.
5	Aww! This is a really cute spot with neighborly people all around. I do think that Charlotteans are such friendly folk!I ate here last weekend and had a Turkey Pot Pie which was delicious because of the flaky bread on top of the bowl of veggies & turkey bites. I also shared a pretty great slice of Key Lime Pie.The owner/ chef was super nice and even showed off the new outdoor patio before we left.
4	Surprisingly good.  The menu is not extensive but everything is good.  Very competent and helpful staff.  We were with a large group; the setup was perfect for that.
4	Great atmosphere and friendly service.  Neighborhood hangout is frequented by many.  Food has always been great quality - the artichoke sandwich is my favorite.  Definitely a fun place to eat that is not run-of-the-mill chain restaurant.
5	Get on the email list for Foskoskies and then you'll receive news each week about the lunch and dinner specials which are always interesting and delicious.  The staff are super friendly, the interior makes you feel like you've been transported to some small intimate restaurant in Manhattan.  They also have beer and wine tastings and now they have some outdoor seating too.  This place is great.
3	I went last night and was underwhelmed.  I had the Honey Pecan Fried Chicken - which was pretty good.  The chicken was a touch on the dry side but the sauce was very good. Overall, 3/5The decor was good (4/5); and the service was great (5/5)For dessert, I had the Creme Brulee which was very good (though the torched sugar on top was a bit too thick. (3/5)I'd probably come back (mainly to try something different), but I'm not in any real hurry.
2	Don't piss on my head and tell me it's raining.Preface.   I could not wait to try Foskoskies, two separate friends told me I had to go try it.  I finally had a day off and zipped over there for a much deserved glass of wine and a little lunch after a three hour tour at the DMV.  I order a glass of Prosseco and I tell the server if it isn't fresh, I will take the Sauvignon Blanc.  Simple.  She serves me flat prosseco and tells me it's a new bottle.  Really?  And then she got pissy because I didn't drink it and asked her to take it off the check.    I will post the photo of my sparkling it looks like still wine in a Champagne flute.  It's kind of funny now.  On a lighter note, I ordered a burger and fries and the fries came out piping hot.  That settled me down for a moment.  I will go back and give it one more try before I completely write it off because lord knows I have been pissy to people too in my 20 years of waiting tables.  Waiting tables makes you mean sometimes.  Grrrrrrrr.
4	Foskoskies is the perfect place for a nice meal in the neighborhood.  The staff is downright remarkable, and the kitchen does a great job of providing new twists on old standards, while still maintaining the traditional meals you expect.  For example, they succeed in turning out Pomegranate glazed duck and still have time to make a great bbq pork wrap with a friend onion ring!  The staff is as warm as the 1950s-style ambiance. I ordered the spicy Thai noodles and they helped me customize the spiciness!  One stop location for lunch, dinner, wine tasting, or a long evening on their quiet back patio.Things to try: Country Delights like Fried Chicken dinner, MeatloafSpecials like Osso BuccoVegetarian dishes (those Thai noodles!)Be sure to leave room for the Brownie dessertQuaint, neighborhood charm with a staff that is eager to please and a skilled kitchen!  Definitely a place to become a regular at.
4	I really dig Foskoskies. Can't really pin down why. I kinda like it that way - its mysterious charms sort of gather into a cloud of awesomeness that I end up wanting to be at the center of. Hmm.Retro but comfy decor. Kind of a diner, but more upscale - french brasserie, even - side room has a pretty formal air about it, making it prime real estate for a fancy dinner (or reception, hey hey). Ice cream shop bar stools lining the counter.Veg selection is limited and subs can be a pain in the toukas, depending on who you ask. Waitstaff is decidedly cool with a good amount of quirk thrown in - sometimes it feels like you're in your gourmand Aunt's brownstone, and everyone from her half of the fam is pitching in getting dinner on the table. It works.But now that they're doing brunch, and doing it well, and doing it cheaply, I'll be here regularly. Sundays only, limited hours, but delicious. Specials vary - sometimes, like last week, they'll have a veg-friendly frittata, or quiche, etc - other times, you'll have to stick with a meatless take on the Benedict (with a Sriracha spiked cream sauce, noice). Home fries are basic and good. Grits, tasty. Mimosas and Bloody Marys coming it at a super-reasonable 4 bucks a pop. Awesome.
5	This place is hard to find, and out of the way, but worth the effort on all accounts. Cool old bar, check, great American food, check, friendly folks, check.  My favorite dish is the seasonal duck over mashed potatoes with pomegranate sauce.  If they have it when you are there, get it- even though it is the most expensive item on the menu, it is worth it!
3	Originally the space that housed the Pike's Ice Cream and Soda Shop (now in Southend) that was attached to Pike's Pharmacy (still there) on Shamrock, they have kept the vintage look in this tight little space.  The old school bar is decorated with vintage Jim Beam bottles which I am told are still full (oh my...).The best way to describe the food at Foskoskies in my opinion is gourmet blue plate... at gourmet prices.From what I was told before going, the crab cakes were the must have off of the menu.  They were pretty tasty, especially with the remoulade sauce that adorns it.I gradually made my way through the whole menu with friends and family since it is only a block and a half from my house.  My favorite is the meatloaf and mashed potatoes, although I usually sub fried okra for the asparagus.  The desserts are fresh daily and insanely good.  You can also still get tasty milkshakes as if the pharmacy ice cream shop never closed.  The beer selection is mostly craft beers that are going to be pleasing to the true brew aficianados, but a little much for the casual beer drinker.They have a quaint little patio out back and can open up the space next door to accomodate larger parties if you call ahead.That leaves the pricing as the only hiccup in my book.  I have had dates there that with dinner, drinks, and dessert that left me with a north of $80 tab with tip.
4	A personal favorite.Foskoskies is delicious food that is not pretentious. It is not in the heart of Plaza Midwood. It is small. It is truly a local restaurant. It is charming.I highly recommend the pecan encrusted chicken- it is always a favorite. Always order the tomato pie when it is on the menu (Walter only makes it in season and when he has the best tomatoes). I do think brunch is a tiny bit overpriced and the beer selection is dreadful. (5/19- UPDATE- the beer has improved!! I also think Wednesdays they have beer specials. Oh Walter- thank you!- Spatan was just not enough)Another great thing- you can rent out the side room for small events (rehearsal dinner, bridal shower, big family dinner, so on)
4	A charming eatery on Shamrock Dr., 5 minutes from Garinger High School?  Yep, Foskoskies is one of little places off the beaten path of the Queen City that is worth a visit.I did takeout for a barbecue sandwich and  black-eyed pea salad for lunch.   As a native of eastern N.C., I love me some vinager-based minced pork (this is called barbecue)!  There sandwich was substantial and the black-eye peas were savory.  And they added a slice of watermelon and alfalfa sprouts...nice touch.  Looking at the menu, the place is definitely New South cuisine.  You'll find a lot of Southern and Cajun staples, like fried chicken, dressed up with fancier sides and even some *gasp* French names.  The decor is classy and reflects the historical character of Country Club Heights (no, its not located Plaza-Midwood or NoDa).  The staff were attentive and the dinner menu looked enticing.  Can't wait to taste their Sunday brunch.
5	AWESOME place to eat.  A real hidden gem of Charlotte.  It is a very quaint restaurant perfect for a date night or just a first date.  The food is very delicious in a comforting way.  My boyfriend usually gets the Meatloaf and Mashed Potatoes and I will order the Honey Pecan Chicken.  My only gripe w/ the Chicken is that they serve it with rice instead of Mashed potatoes.  It also offers Specialty brews, liquor and milkshakes behind the bar.  Some of their Specials can be a little overpriced but the staple entrees are always a good bet.  Gourmet food with a down home feel.
4	Go to Foskoskies, sit at the bar, order the special and save room for dessert. You'll be a member of the family in no time.
4	Foskoskies is one of my favorite places to eat in Charlotte.  The food is consistently delicious.  They focus on local ingredients, like Grateful Growers pork products.   Their desserts are made in house and they nail them every time (they do an especially amazing job with cake), so share a meal if you have to but don't skip the sweet stuff.  This is one of those places that I don't have a particular favorite dish that I crave when I go there (except maybe the chicken and waffles at brunch - YUM!).   I go there for the specials.  They're always interesting and delicious.  That goes for both dinner and brunch.They do themed dinners every so often which are always fun.  They have three or four courses, plus an alcohol pairing.  Recently they did a Jameson Whiskey dinner.  In the past they've had Greek themed dinners, and once they did a Grateful Growers/Duck Rabbit beer dinner that is in my top ten best meals of all time.  Add to all that delicious eating a friendly and attentive staff.  You can usually find the owner in the dining room helping the servers or just seeking feedback from the diners.  I'm happy to be a regular there.  Bring on the coconut lime cake!
4	First time to Foskoskies was Sunday for brunch. I had the Chicken andWaffles. They were outstanding. Great taste and the chicken was so tender you could easily cut it with a fork. My wife had the Shrimp andGrits and was very happy with the dish. We also had bloody marysand they were also very good. The reason for only 4 stars. My wife ordered a second drink and they forgot about it. We didn't worry to much about it because we were through with our meal. Other than thisservice was good and very friendly. We will go back.
5	One of the best kept secrets in Charlotte, though it should not be a secret.
3	I guess just because I had high expectations they didn't really meet it. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't really awesome as I expected it to be. I had the hotdog for lunch and it was tasty. The portions for me wasn't that great for the price.Their Reuben was awesome though, I sampled my friend's while we were eating and it tasted really good. I don't know about the best Reuben I've tasted in my life though.I liked the atmosphere though, it was hidden from plain view. Sometimes it makes me feel as if the restaurant would have to be extra good to be hidden from everyone.Overall though, I enjoyed the new experience and will definitely take my friends to eat here.
4	I can't believe I forgot to mention Foskosies....I've been to Foskoskies a couple of times and really enjoyed it. Quiet dining along with a good menu of fresh, local grown fruits, vegtables and meats. I can't seem to get past the Crazy Goat salad. My dinner companion has had the Honey Crusted Chicken and the Shrimp and Grits which were the best she has had (she ordered that again at a later date). Not a Shrimp and Grits lover generally, I sampled it and it was good. Stuffed, we ordered a dessert to go..Peach Shortbread...it was excellent. Fresh, juicy and sweet peaches packed separetely from the homemade whipped cream and shortbread. For the guy that rated them on a hot dog, not exactly a great comparison...go to Chicago if you are looking for excellence in a 'dog.
5	Went to Foskoskies today for another return trip !  this time  I had my 4 ladies I work with ,, it was their very first time there,, and  each and every one of them LOVED IT.     One called her husband up to tell him to get back from the beach early ,, cause she was having Wednesday Night dinner there !     Service was as always Great ,, with  big smiles,    Walter the owner even came out to chat with the ladies a bit, even though he was on chef duties today.  I cant tell you how much  this place has grown,, in Quality of food and Items offered,  if you live in Charlotte you need to sign up for his  Email list  which he sends out at the end of the week with the weekend specials ! ! ! ! !
4	Went back over Labor Day weekend  for Brunch and really enjoyed it. I had the egg sandwich on sourdough bread, yummy.
3	Truthfully, I expected more from this place based on the rave reviews.  The food was good; nothing over the moon but good nonetheless.  I had a Reuben with fries and a tea and my wife had a hot dog and fries and a tea.  The Reuben was different from any other one I have ever ordered since the bread was not buttered and fried and it had a Southern relish called "chow chow".  I liked it but am not sure I would compare it to a traditional Reuben.  My wife liked the dog but said it was nothing memorable.  The fries were terrific! Nice and crisp with a great flavor.I think my expectations were met with the atmosphere.  It has a nice feel being an old soda fountain.  I love the bar and old wooden stools!What detracted from my experience was the service.  We waited forever for the waitress to offer drinks.  Then waited a long time to actually get them.  Then we had to wait a lengthy amount of time to get our order taken.  Notice the pattern? 40 minutes from being seated we got our food.Despite being crestfallen over the service, I know even the best restaurants have their off days.  I think there is potential here so, I will give Foskoskies another go.  Maybe I will try dinner here next.
4	What a delicious little gem! Walking into this place you are transported back in time as everything is restored and has an old time charm about it.I was very impressed with their beer list but decided on an alcoholic organic cider that for $5 filled my pint up more than once (it was huge) and was quite refreshing.The fish and chips I had were crunchy and fresh. The batter stood out and was really light and tasty. The chips were perfectly seasoned and served with malt vinegar just the way I like em!My boyfriend went with the Reuben and his was really great too. It had sweet banana peppers on it which was an unexpected surprise. Overall we were very impressed with the food. I will say the menu was nice and varied-there are options outside of the fried food umbrella. We didn't experience any of the service issues -our server was fast and nice. Boyfriend and I agreed we both would be back!
4	One recent Friday night, we felt like eating dinner someplace we had never been before, so off to Foskoskies we went. We had a hard time finding it, since there's not much in the way of signage, so you'd be better off keeping an eye out for Pike's pharmacy, which is right next door.Once we arrive, we opted to sit on the patio since it was so nice out. As others have noticed, the inside has some interesting decor, but the patio is charming as well. It doesn't have much of a view of anything, but it's covered in vines and garden decor--it's secluded and pretty dang lovely.All that isn't worth much if the food isn't good; fortunately, it was. Our appetizer of bacon-covered fried green tomatoes was delicious. For my entree, I ordered the honey pecan fried chicken, and it was divine. The chicken was moist and sweet and ... You know, suddenly the ham sandwich I'm eating for lunch has lost its luster. I want chicken again.I don't like to give 5 stars to places I've only been once, but I'd say chances are good that I will be revising my rating upward when we visit again. Seek out Foskoskie's. I think you'll like it.
2	We went back on Saturday because we had such a nice experience last time unfortunately this time did not stack up ....I ordered the $18 crab cake dinner which included two veggie sides. I asked if they had mashed potatoes and then asked my server to recommend a second side and surprise me. When my meal came out I thought someone had surely played a joke. The 3 half-dollar sized crab cakes were teeny-tiny and served without the remoulade that was suppose to come with it. They offer a crab cake appetizer for $7 .. if they charge $7 for one I'd be very surprised, if, if they give 2 crabcakes I honestly feel like my meal was a rip-off...why was this $18?  I had a very small amount of mediocre mashed potatoes (about a 3rd of a baked potato) and an odd- smattering of lettuce (like 6 or 7 pieces) with no dressing. My recommended side was basically an oil slick since the unseasoned  spinach was doused in it. I could not bring myself to eat it, and even my boyfriend who will eat almost anything (love you honey) couldn't manage to eat more than a bite.I honestly was very hungry at the end of this meal....it was extremely unsatisfying. I'm not one of those people who eats huge portions as I more often than not end up taking half my meal home with me. For the cost, the amount and quality of food was ridiculous. My boyfriend had a $10 burger which was very good.... this is clearly the way to go.
4	We've been twice, and I've been happy with my Foskoskie's experience. I had no idea what to expect on the first visit - from the name and the sign out front (which, by the way, is very easy to miss), I was expecting a dive-y grill kinda place. Not so. So, not so.The rich, old-style wood bar with the swivel stools sets the mood and what follows is great Georgia-style Southern food. They keep the menu small, but they do it very well. I had the crab cakes on the first visit. Yes, as others have said, they are not huge, but they were incredible tasting. I found them to be just the right amount. Their daily sides rotate, and are usually phenomenal. Second visit led me to try the burger that they proclaim is so great, and that it was. A great char on the outside and moist on the inside.  Pro tip: order dessert, and don't get it to go. It tastes amazing, yes, but the presentation is artwork in and of itself.From the reviews, it seems this place might be hit-or-miss. They've done right by my so far, and I'll keep coming back for more.
4	On a recent trip to Charlotte my dad and I enjoyed a quiet dinner at Foskoskies on Shamrock, a family owned neighborhood cafe with roots dating back to 1947. This place reminded me of Cheers and it was clear that many patrons are frequent customers. The food was spot on, too. I had a nice, basic spinach salad with goat cheese, candied pecans and dried cranberries. My dad went for the fish and chips, a worthy rendition. For dessert we could not help trying the above cake, which was delicious. Even if you don't live in the neighborhood, it's worth making a trek over to try this place.
5	a great neighborhood restaurant.  Sadly, their doors closed yesterday  Perhaps they will still do catering.
5	Sadly   Foskoskies closed its doors :(       I pray that Walter opens something else soon ! !  ! ! !
4	Sadly, Foskoskies has closed their doors....
