5	They took such great care of my grandpa who came in for heart surgery, had a stroke on the table at Banner Heart and was in bad shape in ICU for a while, then moved into rehab at Baywood. Every single person who took care of him was fantastic to him and everyone in the family. We had relatives flying in and out from states to come visit while in ICU and they let everyone in to see him as long as we wanted, got to help with his care and stay with him. I never was treated bad once by any doctor or nurse and they all had amazing bedside manner, I wish every hospital had employees like them and every patient could experience what he did with the staff. He constantly said throughout his stay that every single one of them were angels. I believe it too. Male or female nurses and CNAs, information staff, cafeteria workers, doctors, everyone was just amazing! Always cheery, loved to have conversations (my grandpa's a real talker and loves telling stories) and they always listened and were happy to chat with him and us. It was like getting to know them personally for as long as he was here at these two hospitals. Five stars for Banner Heart and Banner Baywood!Also, I had testing done at Banner Heart too, and the staff, they were just as great to me. You can't ask for a better place to go for care of the technology they have to diagnose you and the people to watch over for you. I'm also happy to have Rodrigo Chan as my doctor. He's a great guy, great personality and bedside manner. These two hospitals are a great environment for everyone. Cafeteria is unique and has some good food. I would say the only problem is parking. It is crowded for both and most times you're going to have to park in the complex garage.I would recommend both of these hospitals to anyone looking for somewhere to go for their treatment!
5	Top Notch Cardiovascular Care Here! A wonderful aspect of BBHH is the comfortable and spacious visitor waiting areas with coffee, TV and helpful volunteers. The gift shop on the main level is well stocked and if you are lucky, one of the volunteers will be playing the baby grand piano in the lobby! The cafe here is not that great, but for a short walk, you can enjoy the amazing cafeteria at BBMC which is adjacent to BBHH. Also, Dairy Queen and Starbuck's are across the street.
4	Lots of old people here, it's a blue haired invasion in the winter months. But that's kind of Phoenix in general I think. Staff is hit or miss.
5	I pretty much have to give five stars to the place that saved my life...Awesome staff, from the nursing assistants to the administrative folks to the nurses and the doctors. Without fail, everyone we came in contact with from the moment I was rushed into the ER with a heart attack until I checked out four days later after having two angioplasties and two stents inserted into my aching heat was fabulous.Thank you all for the terrific care!My only gripe would be the gowns that showed my ass as I strolled the halls during the recovery, and the kitchens uncanny ability to remove all flavor from the food. How do they manage to make green beans taste like meat that tastes like oatmeal that tastes like cardboard? But hey, that's hospitals and it's not like they are going to serve up a greasy double bacon cheeseburger to a guy that just had a massive heart attack.
5	This hospital is the best i have ever seen.  They are taking such good care of my mother. As well as all patients.  The oncology dept is the best, the friendliest ever.  Thank you
5	Continuum Health Partners gives a wide range of opportunities to grow ,offers education as well as great benefits.
