5	A really neat place with great food.  This was my first stop in Edinburgh, and it couldn't have been a better way to start off.  Had a great meal, a cold beer, and got to watch black and white, slient cartoons projected onto one of the walls.  Wish it was closer to home so I could stop by all the time.
5	What a pleasant surprise!  I didn't expect fantastic food in Scotland, but this place was great.  Perfect, not over-ly large portion sizes, food served on carving boards, many choices on the menu, good beer, and decor that was quirky without stabbing you with a funky fork.
5	gorgeous venue, gorgeous people. the music was a little too loud but who cares? if you want an upscale alternative to the riff-raff around grassmarket, dress to impress and head to hanover street.
2	99 is another one of those bars that people rave about, but I'm not particularly a fan of. It is wonderfully opulent inside with dark walls, big windows, chandeliers and Louis XVI style chairs, but retains enough quirks to keep the richer students coming back (the menus are contained within old Bunty/Beano annuals). My complaint is mainly that all the style is not really backed up by any substance: the drinks are overpriced for what is essentially a student pub and the food is bland. They seem to have assigned the task of menu writing to a talented wordsmith: everything sounds delicious. Unfortunately the descriptions of what should be amazing food don't quite make the transition from paper to plate. If you're peckish in Hanover St head to The Dogs for some scran and give this place a miss.
3	If I were going to open a bar aimed at students I certainly wouldn't kit it out as ostentatiously as this place. Although it's very grand and sophisticated inside, you can't help but think it's all going a bit to waste on such a young crowd who, let's face it, we students don't like spending much when we go out.I assume that's why the drinks are so pricey - they know they won't sell many so they have to make as much as they possibly can on the ones they do sell.Don't get me wrong, it's a nice place to go for a cocktail or meal out, and it would be the ideal place for a date. The drinks are well-made and the food is good, and the occasional live music sets they put on definitely make it worth a visit. But and the end of the day it's basically just another upscale bar in New Town full of rah students, and it's not like there aren't already enough of those in Edinburgh.
3	I have become quite addicted to Groupon/KGB and any other similar deal of late so it was no exception when a deal came up for two burgers and two rum and coke floats at 99 Hanover street for a tenner. You can't beat that!The establishment itself is very ornately decorated inside with tall windows and posh decor.  We were seated near the back of the pub so we had a good view of the rest of the place.I was quite excited about this burger deal because we had looked at the menu online before coming.  There were a couple of burgers not available that day that I would have liked to try, such as The Gringo (a Mexican style burger), but after much debate (do I get the Conquistador or the Hangover burger?) I settled for the latter.  The main deciding factor was that I had never had a fried egg on a burger before.  I was not disappointed!99 Hanover Street was an example of a place where I didn't feel the quality and quantity of food and drink reflected the fact that we were groupon customers.  This is in contrast to experiences had at both Highlight (Jongleurs) and Nargile.  We each had a generous portion of shoe-string style chips and a sizable burger that was cooked perfectly, nicely seasoned, and if it wasn't made on site was a good quality frozen one! So yes, the Hangover burger, with a fried egg, bacon, cheese and garlic mayo was delicious.  My partner had the Robert Burns burger (there's a menu on their site: http://www.99bar.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/99-Burger-Menu.jpg    and he was as equally impressed.  The rum and coke floats were also quite nice but we were glad they were included in the groupon deal as the regular priced drinks are quite expensive.  The service was decent but we could tell we only had the table for just over an hour as we were slightly rushed.  However, we probably wouldn't have stayed much longer as the drink prices were enough to drive us out.In summary, delicious burgers and great atmosphere but I would probably only go back with another groupon or some other kind of special. I guess you could call me a bit of a cheapskate to be fair!!
3	This is very nice bar packed during weakends and sometimes even on a Monday. The decor is very nice but when crowded it takes a very long time to get a drink.
4	I've got 99 problems but a drink ain't one. :DPopped in here for a quick drink before dinner. Couches. Check. G&T. Check. Stamps on a wall. Check. :)Nice cosy atmosphere and was able to chat without having to yell over music. Check.
5	Love, love, love this place!  Ok, ignoring the pretentious staff and select few wanky (can I say that?!) customers.  I love the decor, gold mirrors, glitz, comfy banquet seating, luxurious curtains and dim sultry lighting.  This place is perfect for that pre-club drink, the music is pumping, the bar is crowded, there is an air of excitement and the drink is flowing - all is fine!  If you are looking for a swanky bar with a touch of class, then here you have it!  I usually avoid George Street bars, the ones that seem to attract 'that certain kind of person' just don't do it for me, but 99 Hanover, just seems that little bit different from the rest.  The prices are a little on the expensive side, but I'm willing to pay it for that kind of environment.  I like the attention to design detail and enjoy the atmosphere.  I've even been here for an afternoon cuppa and it's a more chilled vibe, you can get a seat, the music is low so you are able to have a decent gossip!It's a thumbs up from me!
5	Our favourite place to drink during our recent visit to Edinburgh.Very cool gothic look, red and black leather decor with lots of wood; couple this with the sultry/romantic mood lighting and it was the perfect place for post Valetines dinner drinks.  Will deffo be going back next time we're up that way!
3	Walked by and went in for drinks.  Great prices and super funky bar. I totally loved the classic Spider-man cartoons and decoration. The only thing that bugged me was that it was a bit too loud. Granted, I happened to be there when they had a DJ. The music was good, but just a tat too loud for 5pm drinks. Otherwise, it was a nice place to get a drink and have a chat on some comfy chairs. They don't have any food though, totally understandable.
4	Fab music and great drinks selection. Some people so cool it looked like it hurt but overall friendly and lively. Pain that the loos are all the way downstairs and not the best for 5 inch heels!!
3	I've been here for a couple of nights out and the cocktails are good and the music is cool! A bit crowded and full of a lot of posers taking selfies but if you can handle that then its a good place to start your night!
4	Met here for a reunion. reserved a table over email, which was nicely available when we arrived. Good cocktails and a nice atmosphere
