2	Was it cause I was there Friday at 6?  There was nothing there I would ever want...unless I was into just crap clothing.  I did find a really nice coat or two, but what is with the missing buttons.  And, being lazy like the previous owner was, I don't want to go out and buy new buttons and sew them on; plus, I'm not such a great sewer, frankly.Very organized, no smells..just nothing there worth anything.I have heard from others that Phoenix hasn't good thrift stores.  If this one is typical then they are right.I'd only go back here if I passed it and it was super convenient for me to go in....otherwise, it just is not worth my time.I can say, however, that they did have LOTS of stuff in here.  Lots of crap, but lots of it if that's your thang.
1	i used to go to this Goodwill and find some nice things but that was before they started opening so many around the Valley.  Be aware they divert merchandise to other stores and pick off nicer things to save up for newer stores to get people in.  After a while, the normal inventory is the norm and it is basically used junk.  I'm pretty sure anything of high value does not make it onto the floor.  Don't believe those ads, most of this stuff is dirty and junky.  Overall, not worth my time.  Go to the Dillards Clearance centers and get something new.  I think Goodwill rips off those with less money.  Items are NOT CHEAP in here considering you are getting something that someone else basically was willing to throw away.
1	Wow...interesting that there is already a review about the store opening late, because they suuuuure are prompt with CLOSING on time! A friend asked me for a ride to this Goodwill (I call it the ghetto Goodwill), so I Googled it and found that they close at 9:00 pm. It was just after 8:30, so we drove on over and upon walking in, instead of a welcoming greeting, we were met with a girl saying "Hey, we close in 15 minutes". 1-we already knew that because we Googled it and there is a sign on the door 2-I understand giving people a warning that they don't have toooo much time to shop, but maybe they could start with "Welcome" or "Hello! How are you?...Ok great...well just so you know, we DO close in 15 minutes so ya better get shopping!" Anything friendly would be great. I feel like the greeting we got basically said "I hate being here, and want to get out as soon as possible, so I don't care if you have shopping to do, you aren't welcome here for longer than 15 minutes. Hurry up." Funny that the last guy complained about them opening late. Opening late and making people feel unwelcome early...great business model.I don't hit up Goodwill much myself, but my friend has some nostalgic fondness for it. In the future I'll probably convince him to go to a nicer one in a nicer area, hopefully with nicer employees.
5	They have the best clothing selection!!! Perfect place to go to find a Halloween costume too!! They are so helpful!
4	Unlike previous posters, I've never had a bad experience at this store. Yes, some of the stuff should have gone to the dump, but I've also found some treasures too! Like a brand new Catalina bathsuit with tags still on (44.00) for 6.99;  a back cushion for 4.99 and NEW sells for 59.00 on Ebay and a temporary old style TV for my hubby's man cave when he was sick for --are you ready for this- 75 cents !!! Works perfectly and will do the job till his birthday in January when I plan to buy him a HD new one. Seriously, don't nit pick unless you've really spent time here like I have. And I have never been there when it opened late or gotten rude comments from any of the employees, even the newer ones who don't know me by sight.  There have been Erumors circulating about Goodwill for years, but I think it's a great place to get one man's trash deals and will continue to shop there!PS I resent that this was called  a "ghetto" Goodwill! I've lived in this neighborhood for over 32 yrs., my house's value is about  $245,000 and I hardly call that "ghetto"!  GET REAL! :-)
2	I really dislike this place. I came here only once on sale day. It was packed full of people. Stuff was thrown all over the place. It was difficult to walk down isles. The furniture section was garbage. Seriously just full of broken things.I didn't look at any clothes because you could not walk down the idles without stepping all over clothes.The home section was better.. they dd have some cool stuff over there. I was able to purchase a few things that have been helpful and I did find a vintage juicer. I had been looking for 1 for a few months. I like movies.. I watch them often. Craft, sew, play with my son, and watch movies. The selections was pretty small here... no problem... but they had 2 Resident Evil  movies! They happened to be the 2 I did not have yet.  I'm cheap so I was super excited! The cases looked beautiful! Popped them open to make sure the movie wasn't too scratched up.... GONE! They were both gone! :( So sad. This won't be a store I will make it a point to go to
5	I was immediately greeted by young, happy employees who did an amazing job at keeping the store clean and neatly organized by color coordination. The prices were a little higher then the other Goodwills in the area, but the quality and selection of the clothing reflected that.
1	On June 15th I visited the Goodwill location at the 4147 W Thunderbird Rd, Phoenix, AZ.  I was there to drop off two trash bags full of donation clothing.  While I was there, my teenage son wanted to look around.  I found an XBox360 for sale for $70 and a jacket for $10 that I decided to purchase.  I was not familiar with their policies because I have not shopped there before but have rather just donated.  So I asked the cashier about the XBOX and if it worked or not.  She said she didn't know so I asked if I bought it and it didn't work if I could return it.  She said that was no problem and I said, okay, well, I guess I have nothing to lose as long as I can bring it back if it doesn't work and return it for my money back --- I mean,come on, its an XBOX for $70, I figured it didn't work but thought, "what the heck, If I can bring it back, why not?".  The cashier, Jamie made me feel like it was safe to try.  I took it home and found that it did not work.  I took it back within one hour of purchasing it.  I was told by Ruth that they could only give me store credit.  I told her that Jamie had told me that I could get my money back if it didn't work.  Ruth told me that I should have been aware of their policy because it is posted in the store on a poster hanging above the entrance and on my receipt.  However, I would not have seen this unless I looked up or had already purchased it in order to have the receipt.  At that time, Jamie walked past me and I asked her why she had told me I could return it for my money back.  She said that she thought I could.  So I asked Ruth why, if an employee didn't know the policy, that I was expected to know it?  I told Ruth that I would like to speak to a manager.  She said that there wasn't one available and she would have them call me.  I asked when that would be and she didn't know.  I said, well should I just leave the purchases there and then decline the charges with my credit card.  She said what ever I did was up to me and was very rude.  I said that since she wasn't giving me any options I would just leave everything with her (including the jacket because I was going to try to get my money back from the credit card company).  So I left everything with her because I told her I would be contacting my card company to dispute the charge.  So I took a video of all the merchandise and Ruth taking it and making a note of it on the receipt (which she kept).  One week later, Ruth called me to tell me she couldn't get her district manager to deal with the issue, nor to even call me.  She told me she could not give me his name or his phone number.  And that I would just need to deal with my credit card company with my issues.  My credit card company denied the dispute because I had nothing in writing - my video was not suitable proof.  Before writing this review I called and spoke with Ruth one last time to ask if I could please speak with the district manager because I planned to file a complaint with the BBB (WHICH BUYER BEWARE, THEY ARE NOT MEMBERS) if it could not be resolved.  She said he was on vacation.  And although she was unwilling to give her district manager's name or phone number.  She did tell me that she was given another district manager as their contact person while her manager is on vacation, whom I also wasn't able to reach (surprise, surprise) . Here are the key issues that I feel warrant this review and my claim to the BBB.  #1) The fact is that I have spent $80 in a store and have no product(s) or services to show for it.   However, I do have a video showing me leaving everything with Ruth and vocalized everything happening in the video#2)  The employee, Jamie TOLD me that I could return the XBOX if it didn't work for my money back and they should honor what they said.  Especially since I have been a great donator to this location.  It is very close to my house and I bring all of my children's outgrown clothes and toys as donations.  The irony of it all is that I actually donated more that $80 worth of items on the day that this horrendous customer service experience occurred.#3)  The policy to only give back store credit, while posted in an area of the store - was not well known, because even their own employee was not aware of it.  Also, having it printed on the receipt is illogical because you don't get a receipt until the transaction is already done.  I don't think that my first trip purchasing something in the store should make me more aware of this policy than a store employee knows.
