2	For a long time, On the Roxx was the only place to go in Ballantyne for nightlife. Good thing times have changed.  I've been here a several times, from Happy Hours to late nights and was never impressed. I was a patron by necessity.  It's hidden behind Johnston Road and rightfully so. In the dozen or so times I've been here, there's been some sort of drama with the patrons and the staff continues on without a care in the world. Not overly friendly and not too mindful of taking care of the patrons. Also, there is an odor of arrogance of the patrons and staff; I know, I know... It's Ballantyne, but... Truthfully, if I'm going to head out for a night out on the town, I'm going Uptown.  On the Roxx just doesn't cut it.
4	Seriously I don't get why this place has such a low rating!  I have a few friends that live in the Ballantyne area they live by On the Roxx.  Every time I visit Charlotte I'm usually staying in downtown but this past trip I stayed at a friends place in Ballantyne.    Most of my friend's usually spot to go out on Friday night is On the Roxx.  I also have a friend who has started DJing there so it was another incentive for me to visit.  All I can say is that I had a blast.   Good friends, great music, and yummy drinks!  What else could I ask for.  I liked it so much I ended up here again on Saturday night and somehow again on Sunday to watch some football before I headed back to Raleigh.  The staff was very friendly and I had no issues as a patron.  If you are in the area then definitely go grab a drink at On the Roxx!
1	My husband and I have been to On the Roxx several times and it's typically been early on a Saturday night.  It's usually low-key that time of night and the bartender has always been friendly and attentive. Unfortunately, the last time we went they overcharged us $75.   It was difficult to resolve the issue.  The owner was unprofessional.  Not only was it clear that he had no interest in customer service, he raised his voice and swore at my husband.  This is a problem, considering technically they stole from US!We will never go back again.
1	Horrible. Stopped in for a drink and had to walk out. Not my kind of crowd. Plus, the woman bartending didn't even notice me walk up to bar and went to the back. I gave her 2 minutes to come back out but that didn't happen. Just bad.
2	did not care for the atmosphere or crowd in this place.   Gave 2 stars due to the GIANT reasonably priced gin martini!   That earned a star.   Hard to get check at the end of the night.
1	This place was strange, and hard to get service.  Not my kind of bar at all.
