5	By far the best burgers in Mount Holly!   Cowboy pickles (dill) and Cowgirl pickles (sweet) are awesome.   The renovation has added plenty of room.   Try the grilled pimento cheese sandwich also, out of this world!
4	If you crave a little nostalgia, Brightstar Drive-In is a throwback to a simpler, more neighborly time. The menu is pretty simple: The LottaBurger that made them famous, pizza, onion rings, tater tots and the like.What I love about Brightstar, though, is the escape it provides from chain restaurants and Charlotte's "Fisher Price" design. Tucked in a quiet wooded lot in Mt. Holly, the place reminds me of burger joints I visited near my grandparents' camp in New York's southern tier as a kid.Grab a deck of cards, a few friends, and head out to Brightstar for an evening. It's not too far from the Belmont Drive-In Theatre, so you could make a true throw-back experience out of it.
4	When you just want a good old fashion cheeseburger, you have to go with the LottaBurger from Brightstar, nothing fancy, but a great burger.  Reminescent of soda shoppes and grills of years past.  Just about the same price as a combo at Wendy's or McDonald's, but so much better.
3	Living near the  Brightstar, convenience brings us in more than anything.  My favorite is the salad bar, which is small, but always fresh, and seems to have all my favorite ingredients.  A+ on the salad.  Lunch includes pizza buffet with the salad bar, but they rarely have more than one or two choices of cold, bland pizza.  We recently had a philly which was on special for lunch, and the flavor was great, but the sandwich was    very small.  My wife, who is not a big eater, was still hungry when we left.  This place has a lot of untapped potential when it comes to the food.   The staff is friendly, but there is very little table service.  This place is OK for convenience, since Mount Holly has little to offer food-wise, but don't go out of your way to get here.
4	Very good burgers,wife had the BLT and loved it.Nice simple little place.
5	This is a treasure from the past!  From the moment you drive up to the original drive-in and come into it's checker board floored dining room you are transported back to a time when food wasn't just processed and slapped onto a plate.  We ordered different versions of the burgers and fries and were treated to a taste from the past.  The fresh meat burgers (never frozen) were seared on a red hot flat-top until they were crispy around the edges and juicy in the middles.  Homemade slaw and chili covered my masterpiece, and the 1st bite sent me straight back into the days when life was simpler and food was awesome.  I can't say enough about this place, but will add that the hand scooped Mooresville ice cream and in-house "rock n' roll" radio station were the icing on the cake.  Can't wait t go back.
5	Great Food!You have to love the lota burger for sure.. but the bbq sandwich is killer, and a better salad bar than alot of larger places..
4	Thought it was a joke when I arrived at the Maps address, but drove in the driveway anyway.  Nice surprise!  Lottaburger plate with Tots, slaw on the burger, and a pepper on the side with drink $8.  Oldies (60s-80s?) radio station.  Free WiFi (ask for the password).  Friendly lady at the counter.
5	We were very hungry and had just spent the day at the US National Whitewater Center nearby.  Didn't really know what to expect from this old Drive In Restaurant.  It looked old inside but what do you expect from an older drive in.  That's where the old stopped.  Food was great.  My son and I ate the LottaBurger with Cheese and all the toppings.  It was delicious.  Meat was nicely seasoned and the cole slaw on the burger added a different taste.  My wife had a barbecue sandwich which she also enjoyed.  Onion rings were very good. If you've had a long day out at the Whitewater Center this is the perfect place to end it.
2	went there with my fiance and the food was not at all what i expected from the reviews.we got two hamburgers and an order of chili cheese fries. the bun was deflated and soggy. the burger meat itself looked promising but was burnt and vastly overcooked.. SAVE your money on the chili cheese fries. at $3.99, you get maybe two handfuls of their fries with two small spoons of unidentifiable meat (pork? beef?!) and cheese sauce that you get for your nachos at the gas station. they do have their own radio station with great music, and fun books to read while you wait. regrettably the food was just not what we were expecting, and it is such a shame.
5	Great BBQ plate, amazing slaw on burger. So glad I found this place right near my house.
4	Salad bar was simple but delicious. The lotta burger was a must try! The salad bar also came with fresh pizza. Super nice staff and nostalgic feel made this a great treat after our mega jump!
4	Burger was great! Fresh meat and great bun. Fries and onion rings were average. Ice cream was a bonus for my kid. Would definitely come back for a burger again!
5	It's like Happy Days, without Richie and The Fonz. Great burgers, great fries, and diet sundrop on tap. No place else like it. Oh, and a radio station broadcasting 50's and 60's hits from the diner too. If you're lucky, they'll play a request for you. Love this place when i'm in Mt. Holly or Belmont.
5	Brightstar is the classic drive-in burger joint. No frills (unless you count the radio station and chess/checkers board) but decent service and fantastic food! You gotta get the lotta burger!! It almost appears closed at first glance, but pull in and head inside and give them a chance! You won't be disappointed!
4	We were in Mount Holly doing some Christmas shopping and used Yelp to find lunch. Thanks to all of the great reviews we have found a little gem! The food is simple, no frills, basic drive in fare, but everything was so fresh. They were pretty busy, so food took a little time to come out. It was worth it, though. A great place to take the family.
