4	This is the location that my family frequents. It's not perfect but it's good enough for me. We have at least 3 or more visits each year for some kids birthdays though we don't opt to celebrate them there per say. We have taken cake and presents there without purchasing a party pack and had no problems. As far as I know, as long as you pay for food you can have access to the restrooms, tables, and games. You don't have to purchase a party pack or reservation to celebrate a birthday here.Location and Seating: This place is a lot bigger than some other PPP's we have went to and there are plenty of tables. They could be spaced a little more apart, though. They have booths in the side walls where small families or single visitors can stay. Would be a nice place to take a laptop to do some work if you don't mind the average noise. Kids playing and the games making noise isn't bothersome- it's at a pretty average volume. They do have music playing so if you don't mind the latest hits playing it's coolRestrooms: Are not squeaky clean but also not filthy.Games: This location has a fair amount of games and has more than some other locations I've been to. I always wish there were more as usually 2-3 games are out of order. The location is quite large, they could use some more ticket dispensing games. They have racing games, claw machines, skee ball, basketball and more. Plenty to keep the kids occupied. There is almost always a person around to help if a machine doesn't give you your tickets or eats your token. On our last visit a few new games were set up like Deal or No Deal. A big plus.Food: I know people always knock on the pizza taste but I don't mind it. I do think that the prices could be lower. The supreme pizza is my favorite. I am not a big fan of the wings but they are definitely NOT dry. You can refill your drink as many times as you want. Salad is pretty good. They also offers ice cream cones for $.99. The wait for the pizza is average. Not fast but not super long either.Overall a pretty good location. We have never had a bad experience here.
2	I stand by my first review but I cannot compliment the weekend service. We went here this past Sunday. It was fulled packed. The game area was horrible with almost every machine being occupied. But that's understandable. What I cannot give a pass to, is the pizza quality. I usually like the pizza here but on this day it was horrible. Too much sauce and not enough cheese on the pepperoni pizza. CLEARLY, they were trying to push out the pizzas ASAP and were ignoring the quality. Unacceptable. PPP, I'm sure many customers would prefer that you take your time to correctly make the pizzas instead of pushing them out as fast as you can. Horrible quality. Will not return on a weekend. We will stick to weekdays.
4	I am from CA and went here with my cousins. I thought the deep dish pizza was great. We had the bacon pizza. I also had a medditeranian salad which was great. I will definitely go back next time I am in town.
2	OMG there making the pizzas with there bare hands. So if your a germ-a-phob don't come here. No gloves. I do like the fact it's not busy every time I come in.
5	I love PPP but my problem is with yelp itself. This yelp location has the wrong phone number listed. Thanks for the goose chase, Yelp. You suck. That phone number belongs to the 91st ave location. And when I search for this specific PPP in Peoria, Scottsdale locations come up first. And this yelp address says Phoenix! Get your shit together yelp. We see through your favoritism antics.
4	The lunch buffer for $6 is a steal!The great white pizza is incredible! If you're into just a simple pizza, you can't go wrong with their pepperoni. Super cheesy, super delicious!
