5	5 stars for a rowdy bawdy queer time!!!!  And the perfect location in the Liberace Shopping Center.  (No joke peeps!)Goodtimes Monday Night Liquor Bust is a gay nightlife staple here in Vegas.   They also have karaoke on certain nights, but, still....they're best known the Liquor Bust. It starts at 11pm and ends at 2am.The dance floor is always full to capacity. The line is always a little to long to get a refill.  But crowds and lines in bars pretty much exist to make you socialize. ( If you can hold a conversation while yelling and drinking....alot, this may be your home away from home. )Ahhhh, Goodtimes, and many will be had with a bottomless glass.
5	Damon asked me to meet him at Goodtimes tonight, and I couldn't be happier that he had.  It's oddly one of the only gay clubs in town that I haven't yet been to and I'm sad that I haven't.The bar is darkly lit but the east facing windows let the evening sun in.  The happy hour denizens were all very friendly, and the bartender seemed thrilled to sell me a drink. There were two well appointed pool tables and a leopard print banquet in the back that was great.  I didn't venture out to the patio, but it looked beautiful from the outside.I realize that gay bars aren't everyone's cup o' tea; but if they're yours, go by Goodtimes.  The name is pretty accurate.
5	Ok so heres the skinny on goodtimes...  Well not the flamingly gay bar goodtimes but the only goth/industrial scene in town right now known under different names like vector and club cyanide (thursday friday and saturday nights).  In between watching girls clad in latex gyrate to vnv nation you have to take a piss with posters of creepy old men staring down in amazement at the size of your pecker.  The dance floor is too small, the sound system and lighting are average at best.   it kinda feels like some rich old gay dude set up a club in his play room.Whats to like about this place you ask?  WHATS NOT TO LIKE I SAY!!!Like many local artsy things in vegas its not the most polished version of what you can find but its always real.  The people there are fun and sweet .  They vary from people  who kinda dig nine inch nails in their izods to some cirque du soliei bitch  who may in fact pee darkness.5 bucks to get in, 3 bucks for strong ass well drinks and the best music to dance to in vegas.  thursdays are pretty old school goth, saturdays mostly industrial with friday falling somewhere in between.Strippers and sci fi dorks cavorting freely in the service of the dark lord,  im in heavenits only thursdays now kids...but still fun if you like dark wave.
3	This gay club had the most real raw energy of any I visited in LV.  Monday night used to be the bumpin' night since most locals work on the weekends in LV.
5	Wow this needs major review updates.Factory, Vector and Club Cyanide is no longer at Goodtimes. Wednesday nights is the place to be. It is a mass mix of all the above plus more run by Carpe Noctem. Manny the bartender will get you trashed for cheap so be careful  lol.
3	Headed over to Goodtimes Bar in order to have a good time last Friday night. I figured it would probably be kind of a weird S & M bar since we had to ring a bell and face a camera to get in...kinda exciting, right?NOT!! There about 6 people in the place not counting the bartender who all turned to see our group come in. AWKWARD!! LOLWell this place was dead and could almost hear other people's conversations..and they were sitting on the other side of the room!Needless to say we had just one drink and didn't stay long..the bartender was super sweet and friendly. And the drinks were cheap! I actually thought this was place was nice looking, spacious and clean. Too bad it wasn't happening when we got there...it was 11pm.  We wanted to get our dance on, the bartender told us it got going around 1am...since we have no patience it was decided to hit Free Zone instead.
4	OK. I was here in the evening months ago and it was super dead in here I mean 2 or 3 people and last night we decided to finish of our night at like (5 am) on what would be sunday morning. I couldn't believe my eye when I went in and the dance floor and bar were PACKED with people, like not just a few people partying but like wall to wall people, I guess it is a really late night underground type place. On a side note me and my bud were the only white boys in the place at this hour,,,it WAS a latino crowd and they were playing latino(ish) house music and dancing hardcore. I must say everyone seemed friendly and there were a few really cute latino boys but also a few fresh from the border Cholo types but definitely a good crowd.
5	So my first time at Goodtimes Bar & Nightclub was April 2011 it was extremely dead when we first got there at 11ish we had a few coronas and decided to hop somewhere else my friends had been there before and said it was crackin' last time they went so we headed back around 1:30ish and it was packed we were there on a sat./sun. which I believe the theme or whatever was "Club Papi Chulo"  the music was most reggaeton, salsa, spanish alt., and a lil hip hop thrown in here and there. Crowd was mostly of course latino y latina I had a good time. I didnt buy any of my drinks there so I couldn't tell you prices, but I can tell you they were good! Good mix of woman and men, Sexy gogo dancers 2 woman and 2 men. Beautiful latina women OMG!  thats just my opinion though haha... I do believe there were a few straight people but not an over powering amount, mostly gay. It only cost $10 when we went. And I would say for that cheap of a cover we had a wonderful time. Def. recommend it to anyone, check this place out on the late night weekends.
3	I was tempted to give Goodtimes 2 stars but since I'm from out of town and have only been here once, i can't vouch for it's consistency.We stopped by Goodtimes on a Thursday night for their Goth night "Carpe Noctem". I could tell we atleast reached the right place based on a few spooky kids in the parking lot and a hearse parked out there too.The dance floor area was pleasently full. All tables/seatting area around it were taken so we headed back to the EMPTY bar area.  The bartender was quick, curtious, and poured nicely.After I got a good buzz on I went out to dance and realized there wasn't enough space. Their dance floor is made out some strange/slick metal plates. I didn't feel sturdy enough to really cutloose. You really can't judge a goth club based on once experience. This lifestyle is a scene and not something one can jump into. It made me remember how long it took for me to feel welcome at the club back at home so i won't make quick judgements here.I suppose since the goth scene is a slowly dying thing (ahhh, pun), you take what you can get in Vegas.
5	Gay and Lesbian nightclub, went on Saturday night. They play cumbia and hip-hop. The music is amazing! Drag queens play at 3 am, Yes! 3 in the morning! Affordable!
2	Visited Goodtimes for the first time last night to support a friend performing in the drag show. I was impressed by the layout of the place and the excellent service from the Bartending staff. Unfortunately, when the drag show started I seemed to grab the attention of the show's MC and she continuously called me out over the microphone whenever I glanced at my phone during the show. Each time she harassed me, I glanced around the room and noticed a large percentage of people also using their phones who were not subject to her "special attention."  A few performers into the show, the MC actually sent security over to threaten me that I would be asked to leave if I didn't keep my phone in my pocket.  I promptly closed my extensive bar tab and left with my friends. In hindsight, etiquette most likely demands that my phone (and the phones of all the other patrons in attendance) be "off" during a live performance...and if this is so important to the MC of the show, it should probably be announced prior to the show beginning. But, was this need for a phone sterile environment critical to the success of the show, or worth the loss of future monies earned by the bar?  Irregardless, my friends and I will most likely not be returning to "Goodtimes," and will instead frequent one of the other thousands of Las Vegas bars that encourage their patrons to come and enjoy themselves; without enduring the egomaniacal ravings of an over-the-hill drag queen in the twilight of her career.
