5	Jeremy was able to schedule an appointment for me the day i called him.  He was able to come after work, arrived early, and finished really quickly.  He did a great job and took time to answer my questions.  He is actually a  little bit less expensive than the bigger businesses and provides better service.  I will definitely call him again.
5	Since Jeremy started fixing my computer it has worked better than when it was new.  My computer was just a year old when I lost the hard drive and DVD/RW.  It was still under warranty so I got the part and left the rest to him.  I am not computer savvy so I am glad I found him!!!  He does amazing work, and does not cost near as much as any of the large size computer department stores.
5	After doing some research, I found Jeremy on Yelp. Took my laptop to his place, he fixed our problem within a couple hours and we got our laptop back the same day! He works out of his home and his price is quite reasonable...which is what I need. I will definitely use him again and recommend him to family and friends. Thanks Jeremy!
5	I had some missing pictures found and  transferred off of an old computer. Service was fast, easy, and affordable. I was able to get everything done in one day. I will be back if I ever have any computer issues.
5	Jeremy spent a god 20 minutes trying to fix it right in front of me and after chasing down every lead figured out the problem and fixed it over night. Didn't charge me as much as most of the other computer repair places said they would.Great Job! thanks a ton!
5	I took 2 computers within 2 days and both issues were resolved.  Very nice and explains what the problems were. Very affordable.
5	I had a Netbook that had some totally baffling display problems, and a hijacked browser by the infamous Ask.com courtesy of a Java download (I hate those guys!). I only used my Netbook a small percentage of the time so I did not want to spend the minimum of $100+/-  to have a storefront repair business to diagnose and treat it. I knew that using a non-storefront home based business is the least expensive, but along with that advantage is the risk you'll work with someone of specious skills.Jeremy of TJ Tech was as courteous, professional, and knowledgeable as anyone could ask for. Sure he works out of his home, but so what??? Do you want skill and competence at a reasonable rate compared to all the storefronts? I dropped off my unit in person. Jeremy listened to my problems and recreated everything in front of me on my netbook to assure me he understood.  It was obvious he understood EVERYTHING I said. I left my little laptop with him and 4 hours later he called me to say ALL FIXED! I must remind you I called 3 other computer repair retailers and the quotes to fix my netbook were all 33% higher than TJ Tech. I give this business and Jeremy my 110% recommendation!
5	Called Jeremy about 4:00pm yesterday because my computer had gone bezerk.  To my suprise he said he'd be right out and he came immediately.  I was truly suprised.  Jeremy had me back on line in minutes and then did a complete check of my computer.  For sure this is the guy to go to for computer problems.I hope I never have a problem again with my computers (we have two) but computer problems are not a "if" but a "when" and I'll sure call Jeremy again.
5	Sooo helpful. Answered right away. Talked me through the problem, which was minor but scared me. No charge. Yay!
5	We have a Toshiba Satellite laptop that crashed over a year ago.  We initially contacted the manufacturer who told us the hard drive needed to be replaced.  After that, we took the laptop to Data Doctors, who told us it would cost over $300 to replace the hard drive or they could simply take the laptop and recycle since $300 was the cost of buying a new laptop.  We did not feel comfortable with Data Doctors, so we held off on doing anything with the laptop for several months.  We eventually came across Jeremy's information on Google.  We dropped off the laptop mid-morning and the repairs were completed by the end of the day.  Jeremy replaced the hard drive with a larger one and increase the memory for only $120.  The laptop works great and is faster than before.Very prompt and courteous service.
