1	My wife went there No creativity,  un willing to give you the designs you want and pay for. The owner told me to draw my own design and he will paint it. They talked about me in Chinese and I was unhappy with services and the design I was stuck with... PLEASE dont go there...
4	I went in for a mani pedi combo.  They were not busy and began right away.  They were not rushed and took the their time.  I really appreciated that the nail tech worked hard to get a design just right that I found on Pintrest.  To make it even better, the gel selections come with regular polish so our toes and hands can match.  Overall, for a first time visit, I was very satisfied.  The only reason I am not giving a five star rating is because I've of my dots came off the same day.
1	Horrible job just don't waste your money coming here. They literally don't care about how your nails will look they just want to hurry up and finish !
1	Worse Gel Mani EVER!!!!! I got a gel mani on SATURDAY, the following day all but 5 had completely FALLEN OFF, as if they were press on nails!!!! On MONDAY by the time I made it back to the shop to have them fixed I only had 2 gels remaining. They fixed my nails and the following morning, TUESDAY, when I awoke I had 2 completely MISSING, AGAIN! So I had to RETURN to have them FIXED AGAIN. They tried to tell me it was because my nails are oily!!! really!!!??? I have had gels done forever and NEVER has this happened, EVER! Then when the guy was fixing my nails the first time, he was playing poker on his iPhone the entire time!!! When I came in, all three times, no one greeted me. They looked up from there iPads, saw me standing there and then went right back to candy crush and video poker. I had to walk up on them and just start talking in order to get service. And now after all this, here it is WEDNESDAY and I now have ANOTHER gel thats CHIPPED and 2 that are FALLING OFF AGAIN, and I just had her fix them yesterday! I will never return to this place! IT WAS A COMPLETE WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY!!!
1	Okay....so I spoke too soon regarding my second visit.  I had my nails for two days before I chipped a nail and the gel polish started peeling off.  Not just chipping.  Straight up peeling! I call and speak to a lady and explain that there might be a problem with the curing process or the lamps because my nails should not be peeling after a couple days.  I asked point blank if they could be fixed.  She said to come in.  I was not able to go in for 4 days, but when I finally go in, no one knows me, remembers my call or the nail designs they've done in the past.  I mean, really? Not to seem full of myself but as a 5'10" black woman with gigantic man feet....nail techs usually remember me.  So they offer to redo my nails to the tune of $20.  So I pick a completely new design and ask (since I'm paying twenty bucks and all) to have my nails cut at short as possible.  The nail tech then says the my design would not be possible because I need a nail tip.  Okay. I have very long nail beds.  Even the shortest nails on me look long.  So I pick another design.  They design looked fine in the salon, but the next morning when I had time to look closer without my baby crying in the background, I see wrinkles in the polish and a chip. I'm officially done.  The first person who did my nails here was great.  She paid attention to detail, and worked her butt off to give me the design I wanted.  The guy from the second time clearly does not know how to work with gel or replicate designs.  The last lady I went to simply didn't not pay attention to detail.  So I am now in the market for a new nail salon.
