5	just like the vegas strip - but with food instead of showgirls. meat, cheese, stiller's gear - the holy pittsburgh trinity, all here for the taking.there aren't many things that get me out of bed before 10am - but this is one of them.
3	Eh.  We may have gone at the wrong times (July 4th when everything was close and a sunday afternoon) but it seemed not that great.  I would have liked it if the cheese and meat places were open but ce la vie.  we did get stuck in a huge rainstorm here.
3	Hmmm if I ever go back to Pittsburgh maybe I will be able to check out the Strip when there's actually people around - it was pretty empty when we were there, unfortunately.  There were at least a few coffee shops around and one over-priced chocolate shop, not much else though that I saw in the way of anything interesting.  Maybe we were on the wrong street or maybe just bad timing.
5	This place was amazing.  I spent over two hours weaving my way  through people and street vendors checking out the wide variety of stores.  I really enjoyed all the different ethnic stores.  It was amazing to have an Italian, Greek, Mexican, Korean, and Chinese grocery store all on the same street.  I loved Penzeys spices!  They had an excellent selection and the staff was very friendly.  Overall the highlight was Wholey Seafood.  The selection was diverse and fresh.This district makes me want to visit Pittsburgh all the time!
3	If you're going to Pittsburgh and visit the strip district, go during the day to go shopping - do NOT believe for one moment that it's a place to go out at night. I read (not here) and heard that the Strip District had good night life and restaurants and booked a hotel based on that. What a mistake. Go to the Strip District for shopping and lunch, but at night, you'll want to be on Carsen St. Learn from my mistake.
4	I highly recommend going on a tour of this area to help point out the good spots and the history hiding behind every corner (Burghs and Bites tour). This is a vast area with two chain stores, tons of independent shops and eateries and an indoor traditional market. There are outdoor street vendors selling foods and clothes and gifts and people everywhere. There is street parking but i redommend a lot which can be obtained for less than $6 depending on how long you stay. I definitely recommend going hungry and spending two hours or so sampling things up and down the streets and checking out the historic ethnic churches. Most shops it seems close by dinner time with one Parma Meats I noticed closed at 1530.
4	The Strip District is a popular hang out and shopping mecca for anyone in the Burgh. Penn ave gets packed and why shouldn't it? It's freakin' great down there.  So be prepared for the crowd. I love the outdoor market feel. There is no other place like it in all the city.  When you're shopping in the Strip you're really a part of History. The area has been around 1814. Don't pass up a chance to go to the Hienz History Center while you're down there.There's never a dull moment in the Strip.  I relish getting a chicken on a steak and perusing the wares of the outdoor vendors. You can find everything from Yinzer pride Pittsburgese t-shirts to fresh fruits and veggies.  The Strip is one stop shopping at it's finest.
4	Wonderful place for strolling around and getting fresh produce on a Saturday morning. Love the sushi from Andy in Wholey's Seafood (you can park in the lot right across the street from Lotus if you're buying stuff from Whole'ys) and the korean chicken kabob on the street outside the small Asian grocery store. Yes the parking is difficult but I just deal with it.
5	As first time visitors to Pittsburgh we were very happy with the tour we had of the Strip District. There are a ton of restaurants and shops and the history of the area is incredible. I'd recommend anyone visit this area.
5	If only all family visits in PA kicked off with a visit to the Strip. Chocolate. Pierogies. Mile high sandwiches. Jazz on the streets. Dr.Seuss fabric. Dried floral wreaths. Just a wee sampling of the items that razzle me while visiting strolling through the District on a Saturday morning. The best part about the strip? No matter the weather, Pittsburghians (does this word exist?) come out in droves for fresh Italian breads on the streets topped with jalapenos, pepperonis and cheese, baklava and produce sold even when there's snow in the air. My favorites:hot chocolate from Chocolat (as close to the Swiss/Italian Chocolate al densa as you'll get) - I recommend the spiced, dark chocolate option - they'll let you sample to make the final callPierogies and other polish goodies from S&D Polish Deli (eat in and take some home for later from the big freezer of pierogies in the back)Sandwiches from the classic Primanti Brothers - coleslaw, meat and whatever else you could imagine mashed between two thick pieces of bread. Macaroni Company: buzzing cheese counter, olive oil barrels, great selection of Italian sweets (including my mom's favorite: poppyseed roll bread)Can't wait for the next visit and to knock off some new businesses off my list. Wish folks from Indy would embrace the cooler weather like this.
5	This is the part of town where you can get whatever you want, somewhere, at a decent price, from somebody who knows exactly what you need and Pittsburgh's always going to the Super Bowl, here we go, Steelers, here we go. Just watch out for the tourists. And the nightclub crowd.My understanding from a lifetime of shopping here: buy your biscotti at Enrico, grab some grape leaves at Stamooli's, catch up on the lasest cheeses at Penn Mac, load up on chocolate at Mon Amis, stockpile steaks at Strip District Meats, catch a fish at Wholey's, appease your orientalist fetishes at Lotus, sharpen your knife at In The Kitchen, engage in spice trading at Penzey's, get veggies at Stan's, bread from Sunseri's, for starters.
5	Wow. Love this place - any day of the week! There is so much to do here; that's the reason why most people feel that this is one of the best areas to hang out in the 'Burgh.It sucks to drive down Penn Avenue on the weekend, but for good reason - there's so much to do! Personal favorites are PBT for childrens' ballet classes, Wigle Whiskey for honestly amazing drinks and great libations, the Lotus Food Company for asian grocery, Wholey's for fish/seafood, and enjoy all the stops in-between!This place is definitely our go-to when we have out of town guests to show the city, and they are always happy we did. Honestly guys, thanks! You've made a "Yinzer" out of this good ol' Southern boy...Will definitely be back...
5	Husband and I have been to Pittsburgh a handful of times now.  After our last visit Moms asked me, "Haven't you exhausted that city by now?"Yeah, no.  Pitt is chock full of awesome things to do.  We've only just scratched the surface.  Every time we visit we try to do something new and different.  Know what we do *every* time, tho?  Visit The Strip.  Usually more than once.On the weekends, The Strip District pulsates with activity.  Brick-and-mortars throw their doors open, street vendors set up shop, local produce markets thrive, and artisans sell their wares.  Throngs of people swell the sidewalks and streets.  Tourists and locals abound.  It's the most vital and exciting place in the 'Burgh.Walk here if you can.  If you must, park early (I'm talking the crack of).  Pop in anywhere that looks good -- don't miss Wholey's, Pennsylvania Macaroni Company, Penn Avenue Pottery, DeLuca's, Mancini's Bread or In the Kitchen. You haven't visited Pitt until you've strolled the Strip.  Trust me on this one.
4	This was such a cool area of Pittsburgh! While on a weekend vacation to see a Braves/Pirates game, we were told by several people to check out the Stript District in Pittsburgh so we did on Saturday. There were stands of fruits, vegetables, flowers, bread, desserts, clothing all along the streets. It was a lot of fun just to walk around and see what all they had to offer. There were tons of places to eat and all kinds of shops. One of the shops we stopped into was Wholey's Fish Market and though we couldn't buy anything because we had no way to keep it cold, it was cool just to walk around and see all of the fish and fresh meat they offered. We also checked out the Pennsylvania Macaroni Company and I wanted to buy all the cheese and olives they had there. Oils, nuts, pastas, meats, cheeses. It was an Italian food lover's dream. We finished the day by buying a cannoli on the street after lunch to share and just enjoyed the beautiful weather as we walked up and down each section. This is one place I would go back to again on my next visit.
5	Quintessential Pittsburgh!!  There is everything here anyone could want.   Parking is a nightmare and I would stay away from this place on the weekend,  and on a holiday weekend forget about it!  That being said I still give it 6 stars if I could.  Great shops and even better food.  I'm here once a month for a good afternoon of shopping and some good eats!
3	I really enjoy places such as this ... and I expect a little bit of grit in my refurbished warehouse/industrial districts, but this is as dirty a retail rehab district as I've ever seen. Asides from the parking being a mismanaged fiasco, I blame the local business owners for not sweeping up outside and around their businesses and not even caring to cut a few weeds outside their doorways.I have no doubts The Strip has earned its reputation, places such as this are really a joy to visit and get a feel for a city, but the business owners are trashing that reputation by not taking better care of it.
4	The Strip District is an old industrial and warehouse area that has become an active street market type district.  Vendors line the street selling produce, crafts, sports team gear and various other products on Friday to Sunday.  Our first visit was on a Saturday morning where we found the place packed with people squeezing their way up and down the narrow sidewalks.  We went for breakfast at a restaurant, but found some cool shops to check out along the way including a pottery shop, kitchen supply shop, Asian grocery store, and a bakery that I regret not buying anything from.  Our second visit was after the market had already packed up leaving the place dead.  It would be nice to see wider sidewalks or perhaps closing off the street to making it pedestrian only during peak times.  Well worth a visit while in Pittsburgh!
5	The place to go for fresh produce, good food, and a lively crowd...year round.  Love it here. I try to come here weekly.
4	This is always an interesting part of Pittsburgh to visit and it's really the place to be on most weekends.  For most Pittsburgher's, it's a tradition.  This part of Pittsburgh dates back to the 19th century and was originally home to mills and factories.  Located along the Allegheny River, this was a good spot for transportation of goods and materials.  U.S. Steel, Westinghouse and The Pittsburgh Reduction Company were early tenants of the Strip District.  This was later the location for H.J. Heinz Company, famous for ketchup. The Strip District later became a spot for wholesalers of meat, poultry and produce.  Even later, restaurants and grocery stores were built to serve the local workers.  By the 1920s, the Strip District was the economic center of Pittsburgh.Today, there are still several wholesalers and produce dealers, but gone is the manufacturing plants and mills. Many of the abandoned warehouses have been renovated into small specialty shops, restaurants, nightclubs, and bars. Stand out historical buildings include the St. Stanislaus Kostka Church, which was built in the 1891 to 1892.  Another beautiful building is the century-old Chautauqua Lake Ice Company building which houses The Senator John Heinz History Center.  The area has developed into a historic market district with an interesting mix of  ethnic foods, art studios, antique dealers, interesting boutiques, and other businesses setting up shop where trains once delivered products by the ton. The Strip District is alive on weekends during the summer months as the ever-changing variety of sidewalk vendors hock their wares, the open-air farmer's markets are in full swing, and others sit outside and enjoy a drink.The area has seen interest by residential developers recently.  Some of the old factory and warehouse buildings are being transformed into apartments and lofts. Examples include the Cork Factory, Brake House Lofts Apartments and more recently the Otto Milk Condos.For us, it's a hangout to casually pretend to shop, generally buying a lot of nothing, but looking at everything.  We also like to try a different restaurant on every visit.
4	Our friends live in the Strip District of Pittsburg. When we visited them last fall between weddings in DC & NY, we had fun exploring the area. We were only there for a few nights and it was in the middle of the week so we didn't get the full deal, but the strip is still worth checking out, regardless of what day it is. If we go back to Pittsburg, we'll try to go between Fri & Sun to get in on all the action. After reading some of the other reviews it sounds like we missed out.  We still had fun and we recommend checking it out.
4	I did a lot of research before my trip to Pittsburgh and saw review after review recommending the Strip District. I wasn't really sure what to expect but I'm SO glad I went.  This is a destination not to be overlooked and Pittsburghers are so lucky to have these foodie resources in their own backyard!  It's basically one big area where old factories have been turned into stores, bars and restaurants. Vendors line the sidewalks.  Stores keep their doors open and offer free tastes.  My first stop was the famous Primanti Brothers, which deserves a review all on its own! Today, many of the abandoned warehouses have been renovated into small specialty shops, restaurants, nightclubs, and bars. The historic St. Stanislaus Kostka Church, a landmark built in the ornate Polish Cathedral style in 1891, lies in the heart of the Strip District, bringing a touch of Old World architecture.The area has developed into a historic market district with many ethnic food purveyors, some art studios, antique dealers, unique boutiques, and other businesses setting up shop where trains once delivered produce by the ton. The Strip District comes alive primarily on weekends during the summer months when street vendors are selling their wares, the open-air farmer's markets are in full swing, and party-goers sit outside and enjoy a drink.  By 1 or so, things have mostly closed down.  I made a stop at Stamooli's to sample some cheese and check out the Greek yummies. I also ducked into the classic Pennsylvania Macaroni Co., known as Penn Mac to the legion of local fans. At Penn Mac you can stock up on Italian goods from olive oils to imported San Marzano tomatoes, and a cheese section with its wide selection.  One foodie item I was determined to sample was Isaly's chipped ham, which I found at Penn Mac and got a free taste. I'd also heard great things about Mon Aimee Chocolate so I decided to take a look. It's very expensive but most of the chocolate is imported. I was able to find some European chocolate for my chocolate snob hubby though, so that was a perk! I've heard the hot chocolate (in back) is to die for.  Didn't give it a try.  Eventually I made my way to Wholey's, another highly recommended stop. Seafood is the draw.If it's any indication how fresh the produce is at Wholey's, the on-site sushi chef uses tuna, yellowtail and salmon straight from the ice-packed samples on display. Wholey's is a locally-owned supermarket and wholesale company, where the aisles are packed with discerning shoppers.  I sampled some soup and it was amazing!! Oh how I wish we had something like this in Lincoln.  There were many items I wanted to take home.In the early 19th century, the Strip District was home to many mills and factories as its location along the Allegheny River made for easy transportation of goods and shipping of raw materials. It was the home of the Fort Pitt Foundry, source of large cannon before and during the American Civil War, including a 20-inch bore Rodman Gun. Early tenants of the Strip District included U.S. Steel, Westinghouse, The Pittsburgh Reduction Company (ALCOA), and later The H.J. Heinz Company, famous ketchup and condiment manufacturer.The shipping infrastructure built around the manufacturing companies naturally lead to an increase in other types of merchants setting up shop in the Strip. By the early 20th century the Strip District became a vibrant network of wholesalers--mostly fresh produce, meat, and poultry dealers. Soon, auction houses rose around the wholesale warehouses and many restaurants and grocery stores were built to feed hungry shift workers at any hour of the day. By the 1920s, the Strip District was the economic center of Pittsburgh.
5	I've been a huge fan of this little piece of the Burgh ever since I was a kid. My dad would take me down here every Thursday to gather food for Sunday supper. First stop was Allasandria Sausage, sadly gone now, but their homemade hot sausage was amazing. Next stop was Penn Mac, olive oils, hunks of Parm and Romano cheese for topping pasta. Flour and eggs for my great Grandmother's home made pastas. Needless to say, the strip has a soft spot in my heart. Today, the strip is an eclectic collection of shops, street vendors, bars, restaurants, food trucks, t shirts, sports memorabilia, bakeries, coffee and ethnic markets. The Cork Factory condos are here, as well at the Heinz History Center. The original Primanti's Is here, Lidia's, and two of Pittsburgh's top breakfast spots Pamala's and DeLuca's. A favorite of almost all locals, if you're a visitor there are two streets in Pittsburgh you must explore, Carson Street on the South Side and the Strip District's Penn Ave.
4	I visited this area for the first time in March 2014 with my family. We were just experiencing the city and not looking for anything specific. All of us loved it, young and old. We loved the little shops, especially Pittsburgh Popcorn Factory, Art of Steel, the European market, various street vendors and the biscotti shop. Even if you fasted, you wouldn't be able to try it all in one day. There are tons of food options from snacks to sit down restaurants. If I was local I would have such a great time experiencing all of the local wonders and flavors as well as take advantage of the fresh produce market which had incredibly low prices. I wish they'd close off the roadways in peak hours. There isn't much room to move on the sidewalks but there is also traffic so it's a struggle to get around, especially with a stroller. I wish there was a little more variety in shops because I can see it getting old year after year if there isn't variation.
4	Since moving from San Francisco to Pittsburgh, I've been struggling to buy once easy to find ingredients. It wasn't until a month in that I've discovered this lovely stretch of colorfully diverse shops and restaurants. It was love at first sight. It might be a tad difficult to navigate during the afternoon as cars tend to double park or drive really slow whilst their hunt for the much coveted parking spot. Although, there are a few places that offer parking lots for their guests. But, besides that, this place is well worth a visit if you're ready for a global food adventure. There are two aspects to the Strip District, the actual establishments that line the stretch of streets and the stands that dot the storefronts. My personal favorite are the food stands of course. Their offerings change according to the season. Winter brings roasted chestnuts and a variety of soups, whereas summer brings the savory aroma of grilled meats and freshly made banh mi (Vietnamese sandwich). I could go on and on about all my favorite stores, but I wouldn't want to ruin the surprise of unraveling this lovely place. So grab a friend or three, and explore what this amazing place has to offer!
5	Although Monroeville is local-ish, I am a total tourist when strolling The Strip!I love the shops and never leave empty-handed (or hungry!!), but destination is not typically narrowed beyond "The Strip".  Great art shops, many cultures, bustle? puts Miss Kitty to shame!, fantastic smells, seafood galore and 100% Pittsburgh.My rating math is this:  6-stars minus one for parking!  Five it is--Hoping that another benefit of empty-nest is becoming a Strip regular!  Wish me luck!
4	In town for baseball from Milwaukee.... Great way to spend and afternoon in Pittsburgh. Picked up delicious bread, a beautiful bracelet and awesome lunch. Highly recommend to anyone visiting.
5	You cannot come to Pittsburgh and not explore these few streets that make up the Strip District. There are old style Italian markets, diverse eateries from every culture, and just lots of good coffee and fun shops to wander through. You need to see it, but come early and bring cash as not everyone accepts cards.
5	The strip district is an awesome place to live. I feel fortunate to call a trendy little loft in the strip my home.Most people who are friends are considered more like family. Everyone is more than willing to lend a helping hand. Very close to the big city with small town vibes.Great shopping at hand, easy access to exotic meats and cheeses. Tons of great little restaurants and places to grab a drink.
5	Pittsburgh Bound!  Part VII moved to Atlanta in December of last year from Pittsburgh and had yet to be back.  Virtually every Labor Day weekend of my entire life was spent in Pittsburgh with my parents, as my birthday falls within the window.  I promised my folks that I would make a long weekend out of it, and head on home.  The following reviews are a step-by-step account of the long weekend.  Enjoy!(For part V, go to: http://www.yelp.com/review_share/XO8oVmObhdsGT1Blrby2-w/review/u9-OxNypeTIcnD6dBuLb9A?fsid=4oLsiunZ6p5Vz1h7XdLLXg)A small section of Penn Ave., Smallman St., and Liberty Ave. make up the Strip District; an iconic marketplace that came to fruition in the early 1900's as a practical necessity in the heart of a steel town teeming with shift workers just looking for something to eat.The Strip was initially a business hub with serious contenders placing offices within its confines.  US Steel, ALCOA, Westinghouse, and Heinz were all aligned down the street that boasted the best in local food wholesale, grocery stores, and restaurants.Not much has changed in a century.  The Strip is still one of the hottest spots in the Burgh.  If you are going to Pittsburgh in the near future, make sure to carve out a slice of time to experience the sights, sounds, smells, and tastes that the Strip District has to offer.  Locals flock to the Strip on a weekly basis, and tourists who are checking it out will immediately notice that there isn't the least bit of a tourist-trap feel to it.  The Strip is a genuine culmination of local cuisine, epicurean diversity, and a place where there are few, if any ingredients, that aren't within a block's reach of wherever you are standing.Meat purveyors, cheese mongers, and a variety of street vendors serve up such delicacies as pierogies, grilled chicken satay, raw oysters, and even homemade dog treats.  I didn't need anything.  My mom didn't need anything.  But we knew that if I was in town, we were going to do what we always do when I'm home and wrestle through the throngs of people, knowing that even if we came home empty-handed, at least we experienced the minor chaos.After two minutes of entering Wholey's I came to the realization that this is the first time in my entire life where I wasn't driving back to my home after visiting with my parents.  A first, I had to board a plane to go home to Atlanta, which created a severe limitation on what I could buy.  Whatever I got, I had to eat before I left which was perfectly fine with me.The Strip District is definitely a place worthy of visiting when you're in town.(For part VII, go to: http://www.yelp.com/review_share/hsRjct8UiUHU54B983GmcA/review/5q1GTAV1pUIq_BgCnNNY-A?fsid=oxxZiKVdfoPZvy9nBFr2AQ)
5	I just adore the Strip District, especially on a beautiful day.  You can spend the whole day just browsing the quirky stores and sampling street foods.  The more this place changes the more it stays the same.  Depending on the day and time of day the Strip morphs into different things.  Family friendly during the day with awesome ethnic food and proprietors, eclectic shopping and amusing sidewalk entertainment.  As dinnertime approaches some of the stores close and other food venues open. Into the night, add a few bars and nightclubs.  My favorite time to go is on a weekday, (Less crowded & cheaper parking)  either get there at 10am or get there after lunch at 1pm.  Since I do not live in the city I always try to get out of the Strip by 4pm to avoid the traffic on my trek eastward.  In saying that, weekends here offer a more amped up and exciting visit.There is never a dull day in the Strip, always something to look at, try, buy or just sit streetside and people watch with a cocktail.   I am happy with all the new business that pop up here and really liked the open market for the summertime.  NEVER a dull day when visiting the Strip District.
5	Love the Strip.  Whether you're a local, live in the city (like me) or from outta tahn, you will love the Strip District.  Open air shops, great eateries, and fantastic bars.  Come dahn on a Saturday or Sunday for the festival like atmosphere and excitement.
5	The Strip in Pittsburgh is awesome. Lots of vendors out on the street selling everything from clothes to souvenirs to Steelers merchandise. And it was all inexpensive!The farmer's market was awesome and had unbeatable prices. If only I didn't have a 5-hour drive home, I would have bought a lot! For fans of anything Pittsburgh...go to the Strip to get loaded up with gear!!Visited October 2014
5	The Strip is one of the best places in Pittsburgh to enjoy everything from fresh produce to concerts! One of my favorite shops there is Prestogeorge, where you can buy fresh coffee and tea leaves. Such clubs and bars that I enjoy are Cavo and Cruze, both of which have an inviting, unique atmosphere with a beautiful interior. Altar Bar, where I've attended numerous shows is sure to impress most. It brings an awesome ambiance to the strip with it's church based exterior and spacious, dark, gothic interior. The costume shop located in the Strip not only has a mural of super heroes and villains painted on the outside, but is so much fun to walk through year round and view the many costumes that the business carries and the characters that the place caters to! There are other various places including "Peace, Love and Little Doughnuts", Primanti Brothers, Wholey's Fish Market, a vet, Spaghetti Warehouse and a variety of unique storefronts and restaurants. You couldn't possibly visit the whole Strip District in one day! There is just too much to see! This is one of Pittsburgh's most unique outdoor strip malls with a variety of cultures melting into one area.
4	This is the spot to be early afternoon when you're in Pittsburgh. Any Pittsburgh sports clothing you are looking for is here for a decent price. The farmer's marketing is the reason I visit the Strip. I have found strawberries for $1! You can't beat those prices.There are also boutqiues and other markets to browse through. Parking can be kind of a pain, but it is always worth it! The stores typically close early, but there is some nightlife. The Altar Bar, a popular music venue, has bands playing most nights.
5	If you have out of town visitors, the Strip District is one of the best parts of town to take them.  There is plenty to see and do and eat--so much that you can't expect to possibly experience it all in one day!  If you're a local, I'd recommend returning frequently to take advantage of all that this neighborhood has to offer!The best part of the Strip is the local merchants and the unique and--for the most part, inexpensive--goods and eats.  If I lived closer, this is where I'd shop for groceries.  As it were, I come here mostly for the prepared food.  The eats range from inexpensive, quality street food (e.g., Edgar's Tacos, Lucy's) to reasonably-priced sit-down or self-serve lunches (e.g., Wholey's, Chicken Latino, Penn Ave. Fish Co.) to higher-end restaurants (Lidia's, Luke Wholey's, Kaya).  You can find tasty specimens of whatever type of food you're craving, whether it's pizza, pho, or pastries.  Be sure not to miss the PGH Public Market, which houses several vendors selling fresh, homemade food.  If you're more interested in liquid refreshments, be sure to check out the Strip's array of coffeehouses (La Prima Espresso, 21st St. Coffee), bars (Bar Marco, Harp & Fiddle, the BeerHive), and distilleries (Wigle Whiskey, PGH Winery, Maggie's Farm Rum). I've recently made the Strip a regular meal stop on my weekend bike rides around the city, and have enjoyed treating my tastebuds to the multitude of culinary treats that it offers. Additionally, I've begun exploring its breweries, and looking forward to checking out more of them. Finally, a trip to the Strip just wouldn't be complete without a stop at a bakery (Colangelo's, Dulcinea) or Klavon's Ice Cream Parlor, a vintage ice cream parlor and soda fountain, for a sweet treat.If you're interested in shopping for food or ingredients, I'd recommend checking out the inexpensive, fresh produce at the Market Outlet and the Farmers @ Firehouse farmers' market, the authentic ethnic ingredients at Penn Mac and Lotus, and the spices at Penzey's. If you love sweets, be sure not to miss the candy stores (Mon Aimee and Grandpa's).  If you're more interested in checking out artisan goods, be sure to check out Art of Steel, the Allegheny Coffee and Tea Exchange, and, of course, the sportswear store.  And of course, be sure not to miss the Heinz History Center, a cultural gem of a museum full of historical artifacts presented in a fun, engaging way.About the only thing not to love about the Strip is the crowds, which are especially heavy during the weekend, and the hectic parking (but see my tips).  They make for great people watching, however, so find an uncrowded spot and take advantage!
3	How to put this neighborhood into a nutshell, well, that's quite a little challenge. I've been around long enough to see the tremendous change this area has gone through through the years, and though some of it is good, a lot of it is not.Now many Yelpers and tourists have heralded its benefit as a 'destination', but really it can only be called a destination nowadays because it really is one of the few remaining neighborhoods in the area that actually shows signs of life somewhat regularly on the streets. But again, this 'life' is mostly tourists and wanderers, with some actual grocery shopping going on.In days gone by, this really was the place to go to get good deals on food. There were several reasonably priced produce shops, meat shops, ethnic markets, and places to eat. But with time, greed, and uppification came the demise of those 'reasonable' places, replaced by bistroids, an abject glut of black-and-gold crap shops, and overpriced offerings in almost every department.Now instead of a hub for necessary shopping, it has turned into a weekend parade of tourists, suburbanites and yinzers milling around aimlessly en masse, eating greasy or overpriced food, and raving about it.With the entrance of the Buncher 'Corporation' sucking up every inch of real estate that they can, and the remaining landlords jacking up rents to further line their pockets, many of the local business owners being of the 'ME, ME, MINE!!!!' mindset, very little of what gave the Strip it's reputation and functional charm is left.And more recently a few historic and very cool buildings have been torn down for Buncher 'progress'. But hey, we need even more unaffordable 'loft' space in no-man's land, don't we?There are very few remaining shops that I frequent in the Strip, or that I believe are worthy of a visit. My first stop will always be Strip District Meats, for REASONABLE and decent meat products. An old fashioned-ish butcher shop, with a little bit of everything from daily basics to exotics like Gator and Antelope. The exotics are a bit pricer, but if you're in the market for it, it still won't be as price gouging as the big bird. My personal advice, go early any day. Before 10 am. They cater more to the WIC crowd, so later in the day can be...well...frustrating.Second stop will be Market Outlet across from Wholey's. Past sell-by date goods sold for what the products actually should have been sold for to begin with. A superb stock up shop.If I need produce, I will hit Stan's produce, a corner staple until recently when they slumlord jacked up the rent and forced them out and across the street. Between Market Outlet and Stan's you will find very reasonable produce.  Just make sure you use it up quickly.IF I need seafood, and can't find it anywhere else, I MIGHT pick it up at Wholey's, fully understanding that price gouging and nickle and diming shoppers may have been invented here.  If I'm looking for some kind of specific spice that I need in a decent quality, I may hunt for it at Penzey's. But their prices are extremely high as well.Places I avoid like the plague are Pennsylvania Macaroni company, which is owned by one of the meanest, greediest, arrogant smug humans I've ever encountered, is staffed a bunch of women who have the patience of Job for having to work with a group of positively Neanderthal men. More abject price gouging, which is laughable since not only do they already own half of the Strip, but they could actually afford to sell at actual reasonable prices. But hey, if people are dumb enough to pay...Peace Love and Little Donuts...sounds all tree-hugging lovely, doesn't it? Owned by a man who used to have his own blog that blatantly displayed his deep rooted hatred for blacks, gays, and anyone else who wasn't a basic tea party nut. Go ahead, Google it.Labad's Middle-Eastern Market. I was a regular until Larry went off on an anti-gay rant one day while I was buying his products. He ranted that he would take gays money, but he didn't have to be their friend. Well, they got no more of my money.Reyna Foods. Talk about price gouging. I lived in Puerto Rico and I lived in Miami, as well as spent some substantial time in Peru, and this guy's prices are so out of control that my visiting Latino friends have gasped. A bottle of marinade, 99 cents on a grocery store shelf in Miami is near $4 at Reyna. For immediate food consumption, I would hit Chicken Latino before any other place in the area. Superb rotisserie chicken, exactly like you'd find on every other street corner in Peru. Excellent chicken and fair pricing.Nothing else that I've ever eaten in the Strip as near worth the price that they sold it for, but when your rent is jacked beyond market value, it's the only way to survive.BUT...if you need cheap black and gold garbage en-masse...the Strip is the place to go.
4	It's fun to venture here on a Saturday afternoon or a weekday when you played hookie from work :x There are very interesting stores and restaurants to be found here. I'd name then, but there are so many I cannot remember the names of all of the little stores that i love. I'll update sometime.
