5	This is small restaurant but with huge quality , strip quality ?!? I guess it's fine dinning quality not only shady strip las vegas quality , it's beyond the words can say .
5	This is gotta be one of the best new opening restaurant here in town.. will definitely be a great successful restaurant too. The flavor is great and not over powering that mask the main ingredient. Rock shrimp is nice and crispy. Edamame made from teppan grill instead of hard boil definitely taste different. Not to mention with sea salt and white truffle oil. Edamame with garlic is good but with white truffle? Out of this world. Their signature dish 24oz bone in ribeye.. ridiculously good. For this steak, plus greens and extra seasoning on side for only $34!?!?! Unfortunately I didn't get to take any pictures of the beef gyoza and dessert. The banana harumaki is very crispy with mango syrup top with cayenne pepper.. exceptional! This is for sure going to be my new stop. Open for both lunch and dinner so I can stop by anytime. Come in and see Chef Kevin and Chef Michael and they will recommend great food to you
5	Came in for lunch with my wife and a handful of good friends. We were all curious to see how they transformed the former Volcano Grille into Japaneiro. The decor was really cool. The place had the same look it did before, but very much upgraded. Japaneiro seemed to have put a lot of thought into the added design. It turned out great! The atmosphere was nice for a date and fun for a group of friends. Though the decor was nice, the food is why I will be coming back. From their Jidori chicken to their certified Angus Bone in Ribeye, there is definitely quality there. Oh, and let's not forget their Chilean sea bass! That was my favorite, I loved the clean flavor of the fish and the subtle flavor of the sauce that accompanied the fish. Quality seems to be the passion of this place. If that's something you care about, this place is definitely worth checking out. An easy 5 stars.
5	Located at Volcano Grille's old spot which just moved down the street on 215 & Durango[CUISINE]Woah. Absolutely AMAZING. I ordered quite a few things to split with the party I was with and was extremely pleased with everything we ordered.Salmon Taco: the sauce has a slight wasabi flavor. I typically don't like wasabi but this was so light and beautifully done. The fish was very fresh!Chidori Bento: This free range, hormone free, dark meat chicken was incredible. The bento was complemented with a small seaweed salad, a spring salad, tempura (omg that sweet red onion), and a steamed egg. Yummy!!!Chilean Sea Bass: Wow! My favorite thing so far! (I'm coming back to try that certified angus beef ribeye steak, looks freaking amazing!) This outer layer was seared to a perfect crisp. Wow. Just wow. Eat it.[DECOR]This small boutique restaurant has beautiful chairs  and large wall to wall windows. They kept the hand painted murals from Volcano Grille which was a full wall of bamboo on one wall and a Japanese Caligraphy art inspired Volcano on the other wall.[SERVICE]The server was very nice. The chefs took the time to greet us and talk about the food, they are all so sweet! The beautiful pastry chef also came out and described the desserts in detail, I was in such awe that I ordered everything! I was not dissapointed! I'm so full I might die though! Haha![PRICE]A great deal for the quality of food. The specialties such as the filet mignon, the Chilean sea bass, and the certified Angus beef rib eye (24oz!) are all top notch quality. I'm happy they described in detail other menu items, I want to try everything here! I will be back!
5	Yes! Yes! Yes! OMG this place is amazing! I have been longing for more great restaurants close to home. This place is soooooo good! The staff went above and beyond to accommodate us, with suggestions about the menu, making sure we had everything we needed add amazing food and you've got the recipe for a  perfect evening. If you are as picky as I am you are going to love this place! I will absolutely be frequenting my new favorite spot!
5	THIS PLACE ROCKS!  Everything, and I mean EVERYTHING that I have had has been TOP SHELF.  The rock shrimp appetizer, truffle edamame, and salmon taco are MUSTS.  The bento boxes are also a great deal, with certified beef, salad, tempura, and a steamed egg for $11!  The chef is extremely accommodating, accepting subs for Miso soup instead of salad.  Again, I highly recommend this place and will be going back many many more times!!
4	This place was really good.  Came for lunch, got a chicken bento and beef gyoza for about 15 bucks... Talented chefs with quality food, and good service.  I can definitely recommend it.
5	This cool, cozy new restaurant is insanely amazing! DEALicious meal (good quality food at reasonable price). Some of its tastiest dishes are truffle edamame, miso seabass, rock shrimp, black cod.....oh even TACO ! We tried tuna, salmon, beef and crab taco. Especially crab taco offer a dazzling mouthful the likes of which we're never tasted.....trust me; order of 4 tacos will not be enough....not to mention SCALLOPS import from Hokkaido Japan! in addition to being fresh and flavorful, they are HUGE. The food is artfully prepared and delicious. The chefs are so talented and staff are so friendly . 5 stars restaurant's quality for 3 stars restaurant's price! Definitely, this place is on the top of our list! Two thumbs up :-)
5	I heard about "Japaneiro" from friends and decided to check it out. I was greeted by whole staff.I decided to try out tuna taco, scallop lotus wrap as appetizers.I was amazed by the quality of seafood and reasonable price-point. The appetizers melt in my mouth so I ordered Lamb Chop. The server brought me 4 pieces of lamb chops that were prepared just right: medium rare,very juicy and flavored with unique sauce. The quality of experience was equal to 5* fine dining restaurant. I was flattered by the fact that both chefs came out to ask about my opinion on the food and shared their inspiration.Definitely exclusive customer and food experience.
5	I love this place, generous portions of food that taste great, the service was exceptionally fast and friendly, would recommend this place to friends and family with small or large parties.... the miso black cod was excellent !!!
5	Came in for dinner last night and was sure what to expect. We ordered a couple items (salmon-tuna tacos etc..) and after that just had the Chefs make us different plates!! And wow they did a great job in coming up with things that wasn't even on the menu. Had so many great dishes that I couldn't really tell what they were but had a great dinner. A bit far for me but would definitely be back to try other dishes when I'm in the area. For all you that haven't been there check out the place and support this local Gem!!!
5	The food here was outstanding!! Nobu quality, affordable pricing.  Must try the desserts!!  I will be back!
5	The food is simply amazing. A new spot that should not be missed by anyone who appreciates good food.I signed up on yelp just to be able to review them.
5	Came here last week with my parents and the food was spectacular with great services, we tried all the specialty foods. the sizzling Toban steak and the tacos was my favorite. If you want something different definitely come to this fusion restaurant.
5	Really tasty, good service and incredibly affordable. Lunch for 2 with a ton of food was about 30 bucks because of happy hour. While that may be average for lunch for 2 off strip, we ordered a LOT of food. A ton of tacos, a few orders of gyoza, butter lettuce wraps, miso soup, fried rice, rock shrimp and something else that I can't remember right now. We were expecting 50+ for our bill. Service was friendly and the chef was running food to help out, since it was a little busy while we were there. He also stopped by once it slowed down enough for him to come out and checked to see how everyone was enjoying the food. The only thing I can say is that I hope they add more to the menu, because I loved everything and I'm excited to see what else they can come up with.
5	Amazing! It was a wonderful experience from the minute we walked in. The food tasted delicious and was cooked perfectly and the presentation was very impressive! Our waitress was friendly and very knowledgable about everything on the menu. We defiantly will be back to try everything else!
5	This place is by far one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas.  A definite "must try" for anyone looking for a great culinary experience!
5	Food and service are on point here! Highly recommend the black cod on butter lettuce, Nigerian prawns, and Uni shooters
5	This place is so good the food and the service the best. U have to give them a try. They do not have their liquor lic. Yet but they should be getting it soon, that should not stop u from going to at least lunch.They open up @12:30pm and close at 2amAnd they have happy hr. 12:30 to 6pmIt's a little small inside so do not take to many if ur friends. The servicer did say he served 20 people as a group. There is also a few seats outside.
5	The new hottest spot in Las Vegas! If you love modern Japanese style cuisine, this place is for you!The chefs of the restaurant get their supplies every morning and their menu and specials change everyday according to whatever they buy that day. You can have something completely different one meal and the next time you're back, they can have a different menu! I love places like these because you know that you are getting something fresh and different every time. The chefs of this place used to work for Nobu so do not expect anything mediocre. You are getting Las Vegas Strip quality of food, but at a local price with no hassle of going to the Strip. This restaurant is brand new, but for how it is going so far, this restaurant is only going to go far! Everything is amazing and this has to be my new favorite modern Japanese spot off the strip!Ambience:The moment you walk in, you are greeted kindly by servers. The restaurant is small, but it is very intimate and romantic. The designs are simple, but elegant and they have a chalkboard where they write their specials that day.Service:Yet again, LAS VEGAS STRIP QUALITY! The servers may be young, but they are energetic and they know what they are doing. The chefs and owners come out and talks to you. How often do you get that from chefs? They care about what you think of the food and your experience so far.Food:Where do I begin? I ordered a few things and here are some of what I tried so far.Truffle Oil EdamameTuna, Salmon & Beef TacosPotstickersSugar Daddy soft shell crabUni ShotsUni ChawanmushiFliet Mignon Tobanyaki (They are one of the few angus beef certified restaurants in the valley!)Foie Gras Green Tea TiramisuHome-made black sesame ice-creamFried banana Green tea is BOMB! They use the highest quality of green tea straight from Japan!Everything I had was amazing! I am drooling just thinking about this.....Overall, this restaurant is one of the places I have tried off the strip that has the same Strip quality of food and service you would get at a 5 STAR restaurant!
5	Exquisite Nobu inspired Chef has awaken me with such amazingly delicious creations of food art that will have me returning every week!
5	I was thoroughly impressed with this place.  The food was nothing short of gourmet and the staff was amazing.  Everything on the menu was affordable, and they even offer a happy hour menu. I decided on the tuna tacos, seaweed salad, and beef gyoza.  The first bite made it abundantly clear that the chef is passionate about what he does.  The tuna had amazing flavor, and was complimented by the light crispy texture of the shell.  The seaweed was plated like a work of art.  The beef was plated with two sauces, both complimenting it's flavor profile. Japaneiro is a breath of fresh air in a city occupied with overpriced disappointments.
5	Walking into this intimate dining area, I was happily surprised to see the subtle differences from its past occupant. The lightening low, which I find makes the room have a nice glow. We were seated promptly and greeted warmly by the kindest server. She was quite knowledgeable about the entire menu. Which for me was a huge help. This was my first experience in Japanese fusion. It was 5PM when we arrived and still happy hour. We ordered the Goyza, the beef taco and the butter lettuce wraps from the happy hour menu. All of the items arrived beautifully plated. My favorite was the beef taco. The beef so tender it melts in your mouth. The aioli with wasabi was the perfect creaminess.   We also ordered the spinach salad and noodles. My Dh loved the spinach salad. We both enjoyed the noodles with Jadori chicken. I am not a seafood eater, it was not my favorite. Still perfectly done, and presented beautifully. The shining star of our meal was the 24 oz ribeye. This plate was so pretty we hated to eat it. It was more than enough for the two of us. I have honestly never had a better steak, even at fine steak houses. The chef brought out the true flavor of the steak. It was presented with a puree of mushrooms and truffle oil, a Peruvian spice dip, and a small sprinkle of salt and pepper. Each bite tender and flavorful.There was no room left for dessert, maybe on our next visit. The service was outstanding. It was a pleasure to meet the chef. I enjoyed learning of his background. He appeared to me to be a chef who took pride in his craft. The prices are more than reasonable for what you get. For myself and my husband this was one of the best meals we have ever had. We will come back to this wonderful establishment.
4	Have you ever been to a restaurant where you ordered a light meal thinking that was going to be enough but after you ate your food it was a battle for you to say no more, cause the food you ate was just delicious? Well that's what exactly happened to me today. I wasn't hungry, just killing time, and Japaniero was just there. I ordered a few of their apps and after eating most of it the battle happen. You can say I'm writing a review a little prematurely but I was impressed about everything I tried. Maybe it's the holiday season or the cold temps outside. The 4 star that I gave could possibly be higher, after I have more of the food which I'm pretty sure will happen in the next couple of days. Expect an update soon and more pictures.The #1 thing that got me, before I even ate anything, was their customer service. I just left my car and was walking to the building when I was already being welcomed by one of the girls who worked there, I was probably just lucky since it seemed like the only business in that building and I was walking towards her. Once inside everyone, which included one of the chefs, was very nice and friendly, asked how I heard about them, recommended items, briefly conversed with me while I was there. They all even stopped what they were doing and said thank you as I left. They seemed genuinely appreciative of me being there. So as it goes for food I ordered only a few items, all which were from their Happy Hours menu. I believe Happy Hours runs 12:30pm-6pm and 10pm-midnight Mondays-Fridays and 2pm-6pm Saturday-Sunday, which are pretty sweet.  Went with a beef taco, an order of black cod butter lettuce wrap, and an order of tuna lotus chips. Each item was reexplained as it was brought out but I don't remember the whole details because I was enjoying and savoring the item that came out before. They were small in size but everything was delicious.The rest of the menu sounds delicious, look at the pictures posted. Also check the chef special menu http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/japaneiro-asian-infusion-restaurant-las-vegas?select=02DBC79VhN80Y-RRzyh3BA#02DBC79VhN80Y-RRzyh3BA There was mention of dessert by the server, a milk tea ice cream and a green tea creme brulee, need to try those.It is a small place http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/japaneiro-asian-infusion-restaurant-las-vegas?select=L7N_-J-m6WrriqvDQIBZhA#L7N_-J-m6WrriqvDQIBZhA with a few tables outside and near the kitchen.Shame on me for writing a review after one visit and eating 3 apps. I guess I need to go back tomorrow.
4	New neighborhood restaurant?! We have to check it out, and we did. What we ordered: Chawan Mushi - Not steamed in the typical cup-size, but rather a wider, slightly shallow dish. Also, their version did not have any meats or veges in the custard. Regardless of the variations, I enjoyed the creamy texture of the custard and the flavor. I did not miss the meat and veges, and liked the fine slivers of pepper garnish as the added texture and flavor. Beef Gyoza - I'm still undecided about this dish. I know the gyoza were made with good quality Angus beef, but I'm not sure I am ok that the beef was cooked medium-rare inside. Bone Marrow - It was good and it was certainly a larger portion than expected. The salts on the side were not needed, as the top of the bones were sprinkled with enough salt. Not a huge fan of the tortilla chips that came with it and there was not enough for the two large pieces anyway. Chilean Sea Bass - Always a solid bet with Chilean Sea Bass.. and was no different here. The fish was pan-fried, not overcooked and seasoned well. The jalapeno sauce sounds overwhelming but complemented the white fish, and added a freshness. It kind of reminds me of dishes they serve in the tropics. The menu tells you the oz. the fish will be, but the one we received looked larger than what was statedFried banana dessert - the fried banana with the Phllyo Dough was good, the Green Tea ice Cream was good... separately though. Yes, it's true, they have large bottles of Panna for $3 - that's a steal for a restaurant. Looking forward to coming back to try other things. Maybe I'll run into LJ! Lol!
4	Uni Chawamushi!... Nigerian Prawns with Yuzu Cilantro!... Bone Marrow with Truffle Butter!...Japaneiro Asian Infusion Restaurant is what you get when a couple of Chefs at Nobu (Kevin & Michael) decide to open up their own place. The menu is saturated with high quality products that are out of the price range of your typical Southwest Las Vegas neighborhood restaurant, but less than the "Strip-prices" where these products are so often found. As expected, there are several items similar to Nobu dishes on the menu.  It is also evident that Kevin & Michael have a fondness for Uni, Truffle Butter, & Yuzu, as these options come up a lot between the menu and the Board Specials.A great intro can be had during Happy Hour from 4pm-6pm (M-F) and again from 10pm-12am (M-F). My favorites from the Happy Hour menu are the Sea Bass & Black Cod Butter Lettuce Wraps. You can also find Tuna, Salmon & Beef Tacos, the same Tuna & Salmon prepared on a thin slice of Lotus Root, flavorful Chicken Kushiyaki, quality Gyoza with Angus Beef, and a couple other items to round out the Happy Hour menu.One of the highlights of Japaneiro is the Specials Board. We came in twice in two different weeks, and saw several interesting items...wished we had come in with friends to taste more! The Uni Chawamushi was amazing and the Nigerian Prawns were a sight to see! We ordered the later with Truffle Butter that was aromatically spectacular! ...also spotted Soft-Shell Crab and Whole Maine Lobster on the Board in addition to other attention-grabbing items.The interior is just as awkward as it was when it was Volcano Grill. That's a shame considering you are likely to spend $40 - $50 per person...and that's a bit unique in this neighborhood. Even more than other places, Japaneiro will live or die on their food alone. I am certainly glad to have this type of an option in Southwest Las Vegas and hope it does well enough to stay open. I'd love to stop in every couple months.Come in for unique food options!Come in for good eats!Come in for high quality proteins!Come in if you love uni!...pretty sure they'll put it on anything for you and it's already an option for 1/3 of the menu!Don't come in for a romantic setting...Dessert?...my wife said it best when she said, "it's not their forte."
4	I really enjoyed a nice dinner for 3 at this restaurant. We ate for under $75 for 3 people and we're satisfied. The food is good and presented well. Some items may need a touch more salt, but the overall experience will have me coming back again. I especially am hapoy that foie gras is available down the street from home when I'm craving it
5	one of the best new places to check out. Will definitely be back!!!!  Everything we ordered on the menu was really good and fine dining quality!!
3	Was really looking forward to eating here based up previous reviews, but left a little disappointed. All dishes seemed extremely oily. Service was excellent, but they were out of chicken that night and they don't serve alcohol. Not sure if we will come back.
5	Yum. Amazing food, more people need to give this place business. Friendly wait staff and humble chef.
5	5 stars for the food5 stars for the serviceI love this place already. I was welcomed the second we walked into this restaurant. The server, named Sarah, was very knowledgable about the whole menu, answering every question without needing to ask the chefs in the back. Even the green tea is great too! It's not too bitter too! So in the end, we ordered tuna tacos, a side of miso soup, and a beef yakisoba.The tuna tacos had a good crunch. With clovers and wasabi added onto the tacos, the flavors bursted in my mouth! For some reason two small tacos were filling, maybe it was the spices in the tacos. After this, the miso soup came out. The miso soup is actually unique. There were micro chives in there, and that gave the soup a unique taste! Last, but not least, the yakisoba.The yakisoba was interesting. It's pretty much fried ramen noodles, but better. The top of the bowl had thin fried fish, and it was moving around! That kept me amused for a good minute before I destroyed the food. Everything was actually pretty filling!Overall though, this is a hidden gem. I hope many people find out about this place so they can bloom with business. They definitely deserve it.
4	Yummy in my tummy!! New cute small place. Loved that it wasn't really big. Service was good. They have a happy hour menu and alcohol will be on the menu soon!! Yay! Had several things and everything was delish! The presentation was great. The combo fried rice was so good!! Definitely recommend this place! And definitely during happy hour!!
4	great fusion taste. there was a funky smell in the dining area. not sure if that's there all the time.the butter lettuce black cod was delicious.the waitress was super nice.
4	Only bad review in this place is no liquor license yet. But all the food were great- the toro, uni and bone marrow were simply amazing.   The owner is very friend. Wait staff is very helpful.
4	Husband and I went there for lunch and sampled their happy hour menu. Everything we've ordered was wonderful and delicious. We've returned another day for dinner and I was disappointed on a few dishes that I've ordered. The food was good but a little too heavy and rich for Japanese Fusion. I wish they have fresh sashimi and a few fusion sushi rolls that are bursting with refreshing flavors. Overall the food was good.
5	Enjoyable happy hour menu - it was a great way to try everything! We will be back again, and are getting the truffle edamame and black cod lettuce wrap again for sure :)...so I made the cardinal mistake of posting before I finished my meal with dessert - the green tea tiramisu was amazing!  I'm a big fan of the milk tea ice cream too. Also, I was really impressed by how knowledgable our server was about the menu. She described everything perfectly. And you always have to appreciate it when the chef takes the time to come out of the kitchen to touch (greet) every table!
5	Delish! A must try for sure. The quality of the food is certainly something you will notice after one bite. They do not skimp on any of the ingredients and you can tell by the finished product. The presentation of the food is something out of a Bon Appetit magazine. The customer service really does set them apart.
5	With so many notable spots for fusion cuisine having popped up in the middle of the desert over the past few years, Japaneiro kicks the door down and slam dunks their excellent menu into the Asian fusion ring with authority. Like a lot of the gushing reviews already mention, the chalkboard specials by the entrance is where the gold is.  My advice would be to take a picture of it to look over with your tablemates so you're not like me and getting up to look over the board again and again as if it were on display at a museum.  I can never say no to foie gras.  If foie gras told me to jump off a bridge, buy it diamond earrings or crash my car through a convenience store, I'd do it.  It was well cooked and those tasty notes of fatty tenderness in a savory sauce were music to my mouth.  I even showed some restraint by offering the last bite to my wife. :PThe Nigerian prawns tasted as impressive as they appeared.  Large and succulent, the truffle butter sauce that it was accompanied by took it to another level.  The green salad offered a nice balance to the whole dish.  I admit I sucked on the shrimp shells to savor the flavor and only felt 3.1% ashamed/embarrassed about it afterwards.  Our meal luckily managed to carry over to the late happy hour that occurs M-F 10pm-midnight.  Ending the meal with some great small bites like the salmon/tuna/beef tacos and miso black cod lettuce wraps.  The standout was the rock shrimp with its terrifically crispy fry, micro wasabi kick and cream sauce made it an absolute steal for $5.50.  I guess that shows how good these chefs are; they even managed to make rock shrimp interesting!The lack of description for many of the items caused me to underestimate things like the "European Sea Bass" until I saw it brought to another table near the end of our meal.  The fish looked marvelous with the meat being filleted post-grill and the rest of the carcass twisted up for an interesting look.  I was practically seething with jealousy!  Lesson learned: everything is awesome and get that the next time.
5	FANTASTIC MAY BE AN UNDERSTATEMENTIt has been a very long time since Yu-go and I had experienced such extraordinaire and sensational Asian fusion meal. Tonight would to be our lucky night.Jeffrey our server was fit for the task. He was like bees to honey. His enthusiasm was twinkling on this Christmas  night.. Just the edamame and sashimi tacos came by way of the main menu. The rest of our dinner was derived from the blackboard menu.The freshness and the ability to taste all the ingredients is liking to deconstruction not on your plate but in your palate. The combination of seasonings of sweet salt and chili combined with the choices of meats, seafood and fowl. Kevin Chong creatively elevates eating to new consciousness. Kevin's  blackboard menu changes weekly. His many years with Nobu @ Caesars serves him well.  Only opened since October, he should fast become a force in the highly competitive Las Vegas culinary scene.
4	Solid place. They just opened so they don't have a liquor license yet, but the food creations are pretty cool and really tasty. I'd definitely come back
5	Phenomenal experience and the executive chef is such an amazing person (he came out to share more about the food with us). We went to some great places while in Vegas -Aquaknox, Chiba Poblano, Gordon Ramsay's Burgr, Scarpetta, Caesar's Bacchanal Buffet, Eiffel Tower Restaurant- and this was the #1 meal for everyone in our party. Ambience is nice but not quite Strip-level which is totally fine. Definitely worth a trip and great quality for the price.
5	Absolutely delicious have the Nigerian prawns with all different three butters Uni butter was my favorite the staff was friendly a lot of similar things to Nobu but for half the price!!
5	Following one of my favorite Yelpers review (shout out to Philly T!)  I stepped in for a quick bite the day we had a sitter for the evening.  Starved from luxurious cuisine for about a month I could not have been more excited to find Japaneiro to be the perfect amount of silver spoon in a strip mall.  The chefs are as magical as unicorns.  To find this caliber of skill in each plate offered at the most nominal of ranges is evident that the owners are either well trained chefs who love what they do, or are quite too humble for their own good.  Japanese-French fusion has been happening for quite some time.  Japaneiro takes this genre of cuisine much more seriously.  Sure one could state that the location isn't quite Las Vegas Blvd.  Then again if you are that type of person, you still are only 7 or so miles away if you need something fancy to look at.  I based this review mainly on the dishes served.  Also upon entrance we were greeted warmly by the staff and chef was also very welcoming throughout.  There is not a lot of seating by normal standards.  Which just makes things more intimate."The Board" was our menu that day.  We started with the Bone Marrow with Truffle Butter & wonton chips.  This was a most filling and decadent bone.  It could not have been more rich or warming for the season.  I found the broiled gelatinous goodness to be expertly timed and not losing much of it's substance or flavor as I've tried elsewhere.  The truffle flavor incorporates subtly with the entire entree and the light crisp of the wonton was a perfect binder.  5/5Seared Scallops with Uni.  How could I explain this differently from the other times I have tried this combination?  Well, this time it was done right.  Large sweet snappy scallop subdued and surrendering oceanic sweet uni flavor deeper into each bite.  The warmth of the slightly seared scallop combined with a cool seaweed salad spoonful underneath it all.  Okay.  That basically explains it.  Next time I'm ordering 4 of these to myself.  5/5Uni Chawamushi with Ikura.  A new adventure for me!  Strange are the ways that the honorable sea urchin has been mixed into cuisine.  This was certainly a change of pace for my Uni addiction.  Dig into the custard and divulge some uni and a few pops of roe on to your spoon.  The softness of custard gives uni a place to mingle and the salty Ikura contrasts the situation.  I need to study this Chawamushi dish further before I can give a premature rating.  I do know I love uni and ikura thats for sure!Now for the Foie Gras.  I wish I could remember what exactly was in those sauces!  I really do because I am known to keep Foie stocked in my house and every month or so I have a break from my seafood diet and sear up a slice.  I realize that there is no way I could possibly replicate Japaneiro's version, yet still.  A thick sauce of a very umami tart miso-like consistency was cooked on top and a light and bright sauce was set aside that had a hint of acidity.  Appropriate.  5/5Ny Steak with mustard and truffle sauce.  Ny is a perfect cut for medium rare.  I don't have beef very often but I had to try this.  Tender pre cut and organised beautifully.  Take a slice and dab onto the mustard then dip it into the truffle buttered sauce and take a bite.  Devoured this lovely slab of beef in record time.  5/5Don't be put off by what surrounds the table.  Take a bite and close your eyes.  These plates hold exquisite quality and the value is the only thing at a premium.  You see my star rating.  I will be watching Japaneiro very closely.
5	Japaneiro restaurant is a must go for the foodie lovers. Charming ambiance and great service with modern food is the ultimate fine dining experience.
5	The whole experience was excellent. It is clear why Japaneiro has four stars. They really take care of the details and Service was the best.
5	Excellent happy hour that starts at 12:30 pm with 1.50 tacos Asian themed beef, tuna and salmon.  Beef kushi skewers are also very good and mango cheesecake beyond awesome!
4	Great place to eat and a cool local spot to chill. The staff is super nice and the chef is really cool. The food is amazing. At par or even better than some of the restaurants on the strip doing Japanese fusion. The sea bass was perfect and the sauce went perfectly with it. Jeffrey one of the servers is really nice and helpful with suggesting items. I will definitely be back again.
4	Went for a birthday dinner.   Great quality but small portions.  Good if you like japanese /latin fusion.  Service was great.
5	The lamb loin was out of this world. The desserts are endless combined with petit fours and truffles. Scallop rosette missed the mark but overall, splendid dining experience with top notch service.
