4	OK, it was kinda fun to watch the little man on my computer screen "take" my order and fake-make my pizza and send it off for delivery in real-time. It was a little startling to hear him address me after the delivery to tell me he hoped I enjoyed the food!  Geekiness aside, the food was made and delivered in under 30 minutes. The driver was friendly and the food was good. I don't know if they're all the same but this one has a variety of sub sandwiches, various chicken wings, miniature parmesan cheese bites (sort of like mini soft pretzels with parmesan), and , of course, pizza. They also have pasta meals.  If you're in a hurry for a quick fix, this place will do.
3	It never ceases to amaze me just how UN-impressed I am when I order a pizza from Domino's.  I guess you get what you pay for.  There's a reason this Domino's is consistently ranked in the bottom tier of their franchise stores.
4	Order delivery a few times a month. The pizza and wings are always hot and tasty (hunger is the best ingredient).  Delivery drivers are usually quick & friendly. They have made mistakes & forgot sauces that were paid for to accompany items I have ordered on more than one occasion. I finally decided to call and complain after the 4th (possibly 5th) time and the manager was very responsive and handled the situation to my satisfaction. We haven't had any issues since.
1	Horrible Dominos! They forgot an item from my order and when I called about it, the way they offered to resolve the situation was like it was my fault.. I should've stuck with my instincts and went for Pizza Hut! Oh by the way, their pizza is so effin SALTY!! Yuck!!!
5	Wow!!  I'm very impressed! You better make sure to get your money ready BEFORE ordering online because it's VERY quick and HOT!! FIVE THUMBS ON THIS DOMINO'S!!
3	I do love dominos but unfortunately I can only give this store a 3 star and them bordering I'm a 2 star. This dominos location is very inconsistent with the quality of food, you can order the same thing for 7 days in a row and every day it will taste completely different. This location is also very inconsistent with the amount of toppings give, I always order double feta on my pizza one day the feta will be overflowing and other days you only see 1 or 2 pieces very inconsistent which is unfortunate because this is the closest location to me.
4	This Domino's is on the border between four and five stars. Very good service, I often order delivery a few days in a row every now and then (who doesn't love Pizza?). I usually get the "two medium two topping pizza" deal along with an order of lava cake and it always comes to a total of $19.97 with the delivery fee (My delivery always comes in less than 30 mins since I live nearby). Their crust is the utmost delicious crust out of all the pizza companies. Domino's pizza will always be the #1 pizza for me. So why the four, and not five stars? The reason being that, sometimes there are days that I get a pizza with a crust that doesn't have much flavor (A few times I get one that tastes pretty plain and bland) or days where my lava cake doesn't have any powdered sugar that it usually always comes along with (which makes it taste more plain to me). Not only that, but, I once also got my pizza with one of the toppings missing (I'm not one to really complain so I just sucked it up). However, when it comes down to it, we're all human and we make mistakes from time to time. It's not like any of those mishaps were major or anything, but they were manageable (for me at least).
4	Delivery in 25 minutes!  Super quick and easy. The spinich, feta cheese bread is awesome.
