4	Empress of India is far and away the best Indian food in K-W. I have tried a number of other places around here and they don't come close. I've grown up eating Indian food on a regular basis, including going to India for it. And believe me, this is as close as you'll get to the real deal in K-W.Often times people are daunted by the sheer number of things on an Indian menu, and this restaurant is no exception. To get you started, I recommend trying their Veg Pakoras, Tandoori chicken, Amritsari fish, Dal Makhani, Garlic Naan and Chana. That's a fair bit of food across the board to get you going.The atmosphere is nice and cozy. It gives the feeling of a traditionally cooked meal, rather than a pre=packaged commercialized food experience.Now, I know lots of people who try Indian food for the first time are worried about spice. And not to worry, the food here is not too hot. I have brought many people here who are "noobs" in the Indian food world and they absolutely loved it... And left with their tongues intact, and their bellies full.
4	This restaurant is excellent if you want great Indian food whether you want to dine in the restaurant or take it back to your dorm.  It is a little pricey for students, but the quality is well-worth the slightly higher expense in my opinion.  I have only ever tried their vegetarian curries, however these have all been excellent.  Their paneer tastes light and fresh, and their chickpea masala is delicious, with just the right amount of spice.  They have an excellent selection of tame to hot curries, though you're not going to find anything too intensely spicy.  If you dine in the restaurant you will get complimentary papadum with two tasty chutneys.  The servers are very helpful and polite.  I'm very happy that they seem to have replaced whoever was constantly burning the naan.
4	Kids took me for Father's day... Yummy stuff. I normally do not like to eat fish except sushi, but I'd go back in a heartbeat for the Amritsari Fish:Fresh Halibut marinated in garlic & ginger paste, lemon juice, special Indian spices and deep fried garnished with salad and lemon. Also had the veggie Pakora, Samosa, Naan and the Tandoori platter. Other mains were the Chicken Korma, Lamb Vindaloo and Dahl. While I wasn't wild about the tandoori platter, everything else was excellent, especially the lamb Vindaloo. Excellent value and capable, attentive service. Can't wait for my next visit.
4	Mattar Paneer is my go-to dish at Indian restaurants and Empress of India makes it pretty well. I've tried the Channa Masala, Vegetable Korma and the Vegetable Samosas and all are quite good.It's hard to find good Indian food in Waterloo. Most places I've tried in the area have fairly tasteless and watery food. Empress of India is not like that.If you're a student, flash your card and they'll take 10% off. I learned this after the guy ringing up my order saw my WatCard in my wallet haha
4	I've tried their Matter Paneer (paneer and peas) and the Bhindi Masala (okra) and both were great. Their paneer is a nice texture and I'm usually pretty picky about that. My boyfriend had the chicken vindaloo which he enjoyed. Their naan is definitely the best I've had in Waterloo. I've been at Empress when it's been busy and also when it's been empty, and the service is always good (water glass was never empty and the waiters are never pushy). It does get a bit pricey for dinner, and you need to buy naan/rice separately, but still a good spot for special occasions.
4	We were searching for good Indian restaurant around Waterloo. Previous to this rest , we had been to other restaurant with very average food in terms of quality and taste.But the food here is terrific. Quality was at top with any good rest in India. Food was very tasty. And I am sure to be a regular visitor here , whenever I come to Waterloo.
