5	Whenever I visit Las Vegas, I always stop by the Forum Shops to watch the Fall of Atlantis show and the best part about this showis it's FREE! The show is located in the far end of the Forum Shops with the huge fish tank and video screens around the top part of the walls. It's near Cheesecake Factory and Abercrombie & Fitch and it can get very crowded with tourists and visitors holding their cameras and kids running around waiting for the show to start. They have security around the fountains to prevent anyone from jumping in the water while the show is playing.The performers are not real people but are electronic statues that move like real people and look somewhat realistic. A lot of fire and water is used for special effects and has a great storyline about jealousy and having control that led to the destruction of this fabled city.
3	Yay! Free show in Vegas! Kinda? :/ We randomly stumbled upon this show while checking out the Caesar's Palace. Its located at the end of "The Forum Shops" between the Nike store and The Cheesecake Factory. Its basically a large fountain with rocks and foliage. Luckily, my wife and I were there about fifteen minutes early and was able to be right up front.  This was a good idea, because it got packed really quick. The show starts when these animatronic "Atlantians" come out from the rocks and narrate a story about the fall of Atlantis. Honestly, the volume was really low. I'm not sure if that was a technical glitch, but I could barely hear the story, let alone, understand it. From what I could glean from the poor acoustics, a sister and brother were fighting for the rights of the kingdom of Atlantis, which led to its eventual doom. The brother had a cool sword that actually lit on fire. Other than that, this show wasn't really worth watching. I gave it three stars, since I can't really complain too much since it was free.
1	Fall of Atlantis? More like FAIL of Atlantis. As much as I wanna say good things about this "free show" my heart tells me I gotta tell the truth. Ever since I have seen this show for the first time a while back, I was never impressed. Nothing has changed since its inception. If the outdated animatronics don't give it away, the voice sounds of the three characters are not only not loud enough, but it's not very clear. Dude, their mouths don't even move! Every time I have friends and family that want to see it that hasn't seen it in town, I have to go through the agony of standing there waiting for this cheesy event to get done.For those that havnt seen this yet and are thinking about checking it out, let me tell you what its all about so you won't be standing there trying to figure out what the hell they are saying.So the story goes that this "king" of Atlantis has a dilemma with who to give up his throne to. You got his daughter who what looks like she has special powers with water. Then you got his son who has special powers with fire. With the greedy fight for power, a higher presence in the form of a dragon comes out of nowhere and states that nobody is worthy of the throne so he buries the City of Atlantis under water.So overall, there is not much that impresses you. Even if you have kids the only things that might impress them are the nice fish in the aquarium and that's not even part of the show! There's various water that shoots out in different spots. To me the most impressive thing if that is all sorts of fire that comes out of the woodwork. Ok bad choice of words. Lol.
2	I went to see this with my nephews since we were at the shops. I feel like I must be deaf or what, but I just can't hear some of the dialogue. From what I gather the King is trying to figure out who the throne goes to between his son or his daughter. I didn't hear their arguments and then this dragon comes out  of no where and was like "Fuck what you just heard" and no one got the throne.  I didn't know that until I asked what just happened and my nephew was able to keep up with the story to explain no one was worthy.The kids like the water and fire, so I guess it did the job. The part of this area that was more entertaining was the aquarium attached to the fountain/stage. We spent more time talking about the fish than the show.  I did not catch the times it is on but I believe it is top of the hour for the duration of the mall being open. Yes, it is FREE, but not worth the special trip to go see. I guess if you're in the building, you can decide if you have the minutes to spare for it and then stay for the little, but nice aquarium. In fact the aquarium have divers feed the fish at 1:15 and 5:15 p.m. You can even take a complimentary below-the-scenes guided tour of the aquarium staff facilities Monday through Friday at 3:15 p.m. I have seen the divers feed the fish, which is pretty cool. I have not caught a guided tour to see what that entails.  I think the animatronics are tired because they're mumbling so maybe they need to retire.(Yelp 100 Challenge 39/100)
3	Ok, so this was kind of a cheesy performance, and the audio could be a bit difficult to hear. However, this was a fire and water show telling a story that was on display for free in the middle of a shopping mall! The effects were pretty cool. Water shooting out, flames bursting forth, a battle of siblings for the throne of Atlantis. If I'd paid for this experience perhaps I'd be a bit let down, but if you're in the mall and have 10 minutes to spare, I'd certainly recommend a stop by to check it out!
2	It's nice that this is free I guess but there'd be a riot if they charged for it. We were already here for the mall so we decided to stop by, and we didn't stay longer than a minute. Something about the audio in this show makes it both booming loud and completely incomprehensible. It sounds like they were eating mashed potatoes while recording the voices. I could see this being fun for a bored kid at the mall but otherwise avoid.
1	Yes, it is free, but don't waste your time.If you have been in Disney or Universal Studios this is ridiculous awful.
3	This Fall of Atlantis show in Caesar's Palace (conveniently located next to The Cheesecake Factory and Fat Tuesdays) is laughably bad.Is it the B-movie style roll on the TV screens? The muffled sound? The janky animatronic movements? Yes.But you know what it also is? Free.
4	The bad reviews puzzle me. This is a *free* show set inside the spectacular Caesar's Palace Forum Shops.No, I wouldn't pay $30 for it. No, it's not as great as Disney or Universal Studios as one rocket scientist reviewer noted (are those free?). But it's a free 8 minute show. You waste more than 8 minutes watching commercials during a typical 30 minute brain-numbing sitcom.It's not a "let's set aside a day to check out" attraction, but it is a "We're already here so let's spend 8 minutes watching this free show" attraction.
2	You want some bread to go with that cheese?I'm immediately reminded of Chuck E.  Cheese, The Country Bears etc.Cheap animatronics with some fire & water thrown in for spectacle, Fall of Atlantis is a free attraction located in the Forum Shops of Caesar's Palace.  King Atlas has to decide upon who his replacement should be to the  throne, his daughter who has special water effects, or his son who contributes the pyrotechnics.  Gods itervene & have some choice words for King Atlas & his offspring.  The climax brings about a dragon who lays the smackdown on all the Atlanteans & lays waste to Atlantishttp://www.vegas.com/attractions/on-the-strip/caesars-atlantis-fountain/I know it's free, but I feel like the Fall of Atlantis cheapens the "baller" atmosphere of Caesar's Forum Shops.  I mean, with Versace, Dolce & Gabbana, Louis Vuitton and Ferragamo attracting the rich clientele, you'd think there would be something more worthy of the demographic?  To me, the best part of the Fall of Atlantis is the large aquarium, with rays, puffers and other assorted marine creatures.  Of course, I grew up on Jacques Cousteau, so I'll always be partial to the sea ;pFall of Atlantis shows at the top of the hour, every hour, starting at 11am.  I suppose if you were slurring your speech & crap-faced drunk, this show would be more entertaining.  All in all, I say let the tourists watch this lame spectacle of out-dated robotics & head over to something more worthy of your time, like the Bellagio fountains or one of the buffets.
2	pros - of course its freebut i just don't feel the worth, vegas is such an happening place, and we use to walk around for the entertainment. The show was very bad, the forum shops will be still better without the show. I do like the aquarium at that place but not the show. I felt bad for some people who came all the way to watch the show. I did the reviews in yelp, before, and decide not to go, since this time i was staying as caesars and i was in forum shops, so I watched the show. It doesn't worth the hustle to go there but if you are already there, than just watch it. It's never to be listed under things to do in vegas which is free.
3	The first time I walked through The Forum Shops, the lights dimmed and a storm brewed overhead.  Was this a sign of impending monetary doom?  All those high end boutiques...  Is that fire?  IT'S THE RAPTURE!  Oh, never mind, a show was going on.  Let's just stand outside all these fancy shops and piss off the store managers.There was fire, smoke, and fancy water effects.  The domed ceilings of The Forum Shops by all mean should have helped with the acoustics and ambiance but somehow, I couldn't understand what they were saying.  I didn't even know they were telling the story!  The animatronics aren't exactly Disney smooth or seamless and it's annoying when you just want to shop and people are just standing around blocking the passageways.  It's free and there's fire and water effects at the least.  If you're in the area, by all means do come see it.  Would I recommend anyone making a special detour just to watch it?  Nah.  You'll live without seeing this show.
2	Pretty lame. It's ok if you're nearby and have nothing to do with 10 minutes to kill. I could hardly hear the dialogue.
