3	Woo!  A brewery finally opened up in the South Hills!  Rejoice in the fact that you can take the T to a local beer joint!We decided to hit up Hitchhiker Brewing Company for their Grand Opening on Saturday May 10th.  I have to give it to the local Pittsburgh craft beer scene in that the place was absolutely packed.  Everywhere from the Post-Gazette to the social media sphere had hyped their opening and spread the news.  Given the sheer amount of people that showed up at once, I'm ignoring any of the opening day hiccups that had to deal with (i.e. waiting 15-20 minutes for a beer and there being a queue to cash out with credit on the single register).Relative to the taproom, Hitchhiker spruced up a rather scant space.  A simple tap setup, standard L shaped bar, and some standing/bar stool ledges around the room, nothing necessarily stood out here.  On a positive note, the space shares a back deck with the neighboring restaurant, so when there isn't a torrential downpour (like there was opening day) I'd imagine that will be the most coveted space for regulars.Relative to the beer, Hitchhiker seemed to go with the standard moderate ABV and flavor affair.  We tried the saison, the IPA, the oatmeal brown, the porter and the ginger ale (wanted to try the black IPA but it kicked early).  Out of all the offerings, honestly the ginger ale seemed best executed (great balance between spicy and sweet), but out of the beer, the brown ended up being our favorite.  Malty, sweet and very session-able.  The others I wouldn't be able to distinguish from any other joint.They did have some food, though we decided to pass.  Hotdogs w/ bagged kettle chips, soft pretzels w/ mustard and spiced beer nuts.  Standard bar food though definitely not anything substantive enough that you'd head here for a meal.Hopefully once they get the cogs moving they'll release some more memorable brews.  While we'll probably head here occasionally simply due to the convenience, I can't find myself specifically seeking out their brews.
4	I'm very excited to have a place like this move into my hood. I came here for the opening day and it was packed. Apparently it was a not so soft opening. It was apparent that many folks had been anticipating the first day of operation of this joint. It was pretty chaotic but I felt that for the first day of business everyone seemed to hold there own okay. After we placed our beer and hot dog orders which we received relatively quick the biggest hurdle we experienced was trying to pay our tab. It took a very long time to even find someone who would take our money but fortunately one of the staff closed me out. The beers we sampled the IPA and Saison were certainly tasty and appropriately priced. The hot dogs were also pretty good not sure if they were worth the $5 bucks a piece. I'm pretty sure they have other small plate options but I didn't try any others.I was also really impressed by the space that the serving area occupies they did a really cool job making this location work. The coolest thing about this is that there is a no smoking back patio area. So folks  the weather is starting to get nice around here and the time to pick up a hitchhiker is here. Writing this review is making me thirsty... I look forward to going back and sampling their other styles and checking out if they have other food/snack options. If you folks stop in give me a shout, I swing down for one, but I doubt in this great place anyone will ever have to have a cold one alone.
2	When we walked in no one greeted us. Then we stood awkwardly at the bar for five minutes while bartenders waited on the few other customers already seated. I just feel like a head nod & I'll be right with you goes a long way. They were out of half of the beers advertised. So we settled on something no one really wanted. No growlers for sale as they were short on beer. The interior was clean but extremely utilitarian. The bar stools are round, metal and uncomfortable. My husband said they looked like the stools used in high school shop class. Seating is very limited. They had a couple of lonely hotdogs on a Target-like spinning electric grill & a block of cheese sitting on a counter. Food is beside the point here.  On the patio, no wait service. Late in the afternoon someone (the owner?) blocked part of the patio off with a piece of rope & declared it "reserved" for "his friends". At some point, sharing a patio with the older clientele at Luma will become an issue.I don't want to pan this place. I feel it has potential. But the devil is in the details. And they need to pay attention to the details.
5	Hitchhiker Brewing Co. is a brewery/brew pub nestled in the bustling town of Mount Lebanon, about five miles south of Downtown Pittsburgh. Owners Gary and Serena Olden opened their doors May 10th, 2014 and have not checked their rear view mirrors since. As we walked through their doors, we knew that this is exactly where we were supposed to be. The brew pub was sparsely decorated with only the fundamentals present. Personally, I loved the simplicity. I felt like I could take a long, deep breath in there. It helped that they had the large window and side door open to allow the summer breeze to filter throughout. The large main bar was adorned with reclaimed joists from an old Belle Vernon farmhouse. The walls were dotted with sacks of brewing malt and antique signage. The brew pub's ambiance was classically comfortable. It's a place where anyone could sit down, relax, and rest their bones for a little while.Toward the back of the pub, there was a staircase that led down to the basement- where all the beer magic happens. The brewery uses a 3 barrel system run solely on electric power. If you know a thing or two about breweries- you'll know this is extremely rare to find. The room right next to the brewhouse is the fermentation and conditioning room. A large walk-in refrigerator houses the beer served in the brew pub and all of their glorious hops. I had the feeling that Andy spends a good amount of time down there considering he turns out about 20-30 kegs a week. Discussions about expansion have already happened. But we know that these things tend to happen when you brew beer this good.Speaking of beer; let's discuss what we sampled on their tap list Alternate Route Altbier (5.5% ABV) Malty, German brown ale Cobblestone Kolsch (4.8% ABV) Crisp with earthy hops Soles Farmhouse Saison (3.9% ABV) Brewed with juniper berries and orange peel Roadie IPA (5.4% ABV) Perfection in a pint glass Rucksack Porter (5.5% ABV) Robust and full-bodied Centerline Black IPA (5.9% ABV)Roasty flavor w/ a hoppy finish Tumbleweed Oatmeal Brown (5.1% ABV) Balanced with a clean finish ** We grabbed a growler of this to cook with**We worked up quite an appetite from sampling all of that great beer. And we were in luck because it just so happens that Hitchhiker serves some delicious small plates. Everything sounded really tasty, so we decided to just order it all. We started with the beer nuts; they were a perfect symphony of sweet and salty goodness.Next, we devoured the fresh hummus and pita plate. Then, we sampled their local cheese and meat board. Life couldn't have gotten much better at that moment.  The meats and cheeses paired perfectly with the well-crafted brews resting in our hands.Finally, we concluded our indulgent eating spree with their gourmet hot dogs topped with house-made giardiniera. Hot-Diggity-Dog! that was one mighty fine hot dog.We came to Hitchhiker Brewing for reasons beyond the drawl of awesome Pittsburgh beer. We came to learn more about the genius behind the great beer- Andy Kwiatkowski. Andy has been brewing for over four years now. He inherited his passion for brewing delicious beer from his father, who also was a homebrewer. Andy challenged and refined his brewing skills when he became a member of T.R.A.S.H (Three Rivers Alliance of Serious Homebrewers). Also, Andy was a cellarman for East End Brewing Co. where he oversaw sanitization and packaging. Currently, he is an active board member for Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week and The Steel City Big Pour. Plus, he's a certified beer judge. Basically, he's kicking arse and taking names. But he's truly an artist. And he's never completely satisfied with his masterpieces. He's constantly looking to improve or shake things up. Every batch has been altered slightly in hopes to draw a little bit closer to complete perfection. I begged him to leave the Roadie IPA just the way it was. It was pure perfection in a pint glass. It seems like Andy lives in a constant state of forward progression, steadily evolving the craft beer scene here in Pittsburgh. Stagnation seems like an impossible concept at this point in his beer career. I'm eager and excited to see what the future holds for him and Hitchhiker Brewing Co.We were travelers, looking to start a new adventure in this craft beer world. Andy was a stranger to us; yet he kindly let us "hop" in for an epic ride. He shared his personal journey which lead him to brew professionally for Hitchhiker Brewing. Through his mouth-watering beers, he reignited the passion we have for well-crafted, small-batch beers. We walked through Hitchhiker's door thirsty, and we left with much more than our physical thirsts quenched. We now have an even deeper appreciation for one of the oldest (and tastiest) drinks known to mankind. Pittsburgh is so very fortunate to have brewers like Andy to revolutionize the craft beer scene here in our city. Start your own journey and pick up a Hitchhiker today.
4	Finally! A brewery/pub around my neighborhood :) Depending on who you are - you might find this place a bit hipster'ish. Personally, I love this place.In terms of decor - it's very minimalist with the industrial look. The bar is pretty spacious and they do have a small garden seating as well a back patio. They share the same patio as Luma with only a chain diving them. So, i suggest you eat something before you get here or you'll be drooling over the foods served at Lumas :) However, they do serve small bites like hot dogs, beef jerky, nuts, flat bread with hummus etc.Since this was my first visit - I ordered the Hefeweizen which the bartender recommended. I guess I've been spoilt by Hofbrauhaus but this Hitchhiker Hefeweizen tasted very watery. So, after finishing that - I opted for a Black IPA which was really good. I can't wait to go back and try something else.
5	Awesome brewery in the South Hills (at last): 9-beers on tap, 2 ciders... Amazing! I am enjoying the Baby Waker: a blackberry cider that tastes like fresh blackberries - not too sweet.
5	Great beer, good snacks and friendly staff! This place has a great vibe. I got the Tubbleweed and my fiancee got the Fest Bier. We also got beer cheese and pretzels and homemade beef jerky. All were good. Not a place for dinner but the snacks hit the spot. Plus they have growlers :)
1	It amazes me how small business owners are so clueless about making their customers happy and building a great business. I stopped here on a recommendation of a friend, driving out of my way to to try it out. Unfortunately when I got there I found them closed. On a Monday at 6pm. The sign says closed Monday and Tuesday. How do you own a bar(beer garden) and close a couple days a week? Crazy. If I owned a bar I would open 365 days a year. Clueless...
3	Hitchhiker is a welcome addition to the South Hills brew scene. While things have had a bumpy start, I'm really pulling for these guys. Whenever I'm out visiting my parents in the South Hills, they almost always insist on going here--and I get why. The space is unique and hip, with lots of reclaimed wood and chalkboard writing. The space is sparse, and while I've seen kids visiting, I wouldn't recommend it. The food offerings are limited to hot dogs and pretzels, the standard fare of a small brewery. I'm not sure I'd recommend this to novice beer drinkers, unless you're adventurous. Each visit I've had to Hitchhiker, the draft list has been very diverse and obscure. From talking with the guys, it seems they're rapid prototyping lots of different beers, and perfecting from there. While that's admirable, it also makes for a lot of so-so beers on tap. I had an IPA that knocked it out of the park, but then a Pilsner I could've done without. I'm happy to stop by here occasionally, and I'm giving Hitchhiker the benefit of the doubt at the moment. The team is working on their craft, and I'm sure the offerings will only improve each visit.
4	What I like about this place is the innocence which is rare anymore in the good beer world. They are genuinely surprised and happy that people come to try their beers. They gladly serve tasters of all the offerings and do their best to educate and initiate. Yes, it's definitely a starter brewpub,  but that's what makes it enjoyable. There's not a huge choice of small brewers in Pittsburgh so I strongly suggest you give them a try.
2	I was pretty happy to see a brewery born within walking distance to my house, and I wanted to love this place a lot. Now that I've been there a half dozen times I think it's safe to say what I've seen is consistent.First, the ambiance is nice, especially the back deck in the summer months. The inside is cozy bordering cramped on a busy night. They could benefit from some high top tables. The space definitely has some stinky brewing smells, but you're at a brewery so get over it. I've also had really great service for the most part, they get beers and snacks in front of you quick, even when the place is full with 15 people in it.All suffice to say; this is a brewery and as such it should be judged especially hard on one thing, but the beer just isn't great. I've had a few good ones and a bunch bad. Wildly inconsistent and always rotating many taps. I just don't believe a brewery so young should be trying so many different beers. They do have good ones, they just need to perfect them and move forward.I'll definitely be returning, it's too close not to. I'm looking forward to seeing how they improve.
