4	Wow, only one review here... that's crazy when I know SO many of my co-workers and friends eat here!OK, so be ready to wait in a long that goes alllll the way to the patio if you come during lunch time... not too slow of a line, but still enough to drive me away or just make me plan on coming earlier than 12.Their staff here changes a lot so I can't really speak for any of them as far as their friendliness or quickness, but overall, when you've ordered, they are pretty damn quick at getting you out.. which is very helpful when you dont' want to kill a whole hour for work lunch.I would say that my only complaint is the 'natural' claims on their proteins.. this is not always the case and rarely do they actually post the signs that say "sorry, we have conventional X/Y/Z".  I totally understand that the good stuff runs out but I'm pretty sure it happens often, so when I don't see the sign often, I'm sure they're just not putting it up when they should.But Chipotle is a great option for people looking to have a more healthy eating experience.. I usually stick to the 2 or 3 (If i'm feeling super hungry) tacos on soft corn with all the fixins.. that or the salad with any of the meats.  Those two are the only things I ever order.. never been disappointed with those.
5	Like most other Chipoodles, this place knows how to make a burrito. It may not be the most authentic, but its a damn good tasty sexy naughty time meal.
1	I love chipotle but this location BLOWS! One of the girls was flirting with some guy in line and ignoring my order. He handed he chocolate milk over the counter and all three of the employees had a drink while preparing food. It was disgusting. I also had to ask an employee 4 times to change the diet coke because it was out but he was to busy standing around to get it done.
5	Back at Christmas I can in to this location during a particularly busy time, and had to wait a while behind a large order. No big deal right? I didn't think so, shiz happens, I'm not gonna get all butt-hurt cuz I hadta wait a few minutes. At any rate, the cashier apologized and have me a little business card with a coupon to come back later and "buy one burrito, get one free"Fast forward to today, I decide I'm gonna get me a burrito, and stop in at this location. Now, I knew that my coupon had expired, but I thought wth, might as well give it a try. I asked the manager, shift lead, whatever, if I can still use the coup and says "sorry sir (yes...he called me "sir") this has been expired for months" I tell him no problem, and order my food. When I go to pay for my burrito, the guy tells me "you know what, don't worry about it, you got that coupon because we messed up last time, I'm not gonna charge you...AND imunna comp your drink too"This is why these guys are the best!!! Pay attention you other quick serve joints. It's called customer service, Chipotle nails it!
