3	Being new to the city, I was looking for a salon, and after getting a recommendation, I ended up booking an appointment with JC Penney salon. Having ethnic hair, it's especially difficult to find the right fit, and unfortunately I realized that first time was not going to be a charm. Let's start off with the good things about JC Penney salon: 1.) Professional environment and customer service. The salon itself put together and in case you're bored, there are magazines to read. (Trust me, that isn't the case with every salon.) The stylist was really nice and she actually bothered to ask me how I wanted my hair styled. Sometimes stylists just jump in and start doing it without asking you your preference.2.) Great price. I have no complaints about their rates. Really, they were decent. 3.) They're quick. Something I hate about black hair salons is waiting around. But I was in and out in a very timely manner. 4.) Affordable and quality products. I'm a big fan of KeraCare, and lucky for me JC Penney carries a bunch of their products.Now there was only one thing about what I didn't like, but here's what it is"1.) I didn't like how my hair turned out. Pretty big, thus them missing two stars. I really didn't like the haircut. I have layers and thought they looking more pronounced after. Also, I didn't care for how my hair came out after a blow dry and flat iron. I prefer my own handiwork--it lasts longer and feels softer when I do.
5	I felt Carla did a great job!!My daughter has long thick hair and it took over 3 and a hours to do!Carla was real friendly and funny during the whole time!She did not rush at all and my daughters hair looks great!Thank you for all you did and I will see her less than a week later!I was very impressed!
3	The JC Penney Salon  is neat and clean in appearance. I am always pleased with my hair when I leave the salon. My problem is the wait time. I arrive on time for my appointments. However, more often than not, I have to wait for the stylist. Sometimes I wait 30 minutes or more. I hate waiting. I understand things can go wrong, but not nearly all the time. The stylist also has a bit of "attitude". I am looking for another salon that is a better fit for me.
