2	I recently walked into this place an hour before closing to be told that they have no pizza. Yes, you heard me, they have NO PIZZA. The rather flippant teenager behind the counter stated it was a busy day and they had no more pizzas for the night. This all happened after they realized I am not a Spanish speaker, having greeted me in Spanish, and seemed puzzled that I didn't speak it. Not all Mexicans speak Spanish! I'm from the U.S.A.!! How does a pizza place have no pizza, and remain open? They only got the other star because when they DO have pizza, it's half-way decent, and cheap.
1	Do not come here. Not worth the time or money, and service was extremely terrible.
3	This pizza place has intrigued me ever since I noticed it late at night after hitting the 24-Hour Fitness that sits in the same parking lot.The bottom line...it's not good, but it's also not that bad.Pizza Patron is a franchise, and strikes me as being a poor knock-off of Little Caeser's Pizza. They operate on the same business model...offering pizza, breadsticks and chicken for extremely low prices...although I would say that Little Caeser's offers more in the way of flavor.If you asked me to describe how the Pepperoni Pizza ($4.95) tasted, it would be difficult because it had almost no taste! It didn't even taste bad, it just didn't taste like anything! The same goes for the breadsticks...they were so bland that they were neither good nor bad, just edible. If I had to place this in the realm of pizza chains...I would say it's a step above Cici's Pizza, but also a few steps below Little Caeser's...definitely not worth checking out for the pizza or bread...perhaps the chicken is better.On another note, they do accept Pesos as a form of payment...so if you have any left over from a trip to Mexico and don't feel like going to the bank to have them exchanged, use them here!----5/22/2013---I returned to Pizza Patron and tried the Pollito Chicken as well as the Queso Sticks, and I have been hooked ever since! Though the pizza is not very tasty, ALL of the chicken offerings are fantastic! Particularly the Lime and Pepper chicken wings and the aforementioned Pollito Chicken. The Queso Sticks are tasty as well! Essentially, these are the normal breadsticks with cheese on them and what tastes like a bit of garlic. This does wonders for the taste and makes them pretty darn delicious!Definitely a fan!
