5	Fresh Salads, generous sandwiches, Fast service, Friendly atmosphere, smiling wait-staff! This is a great place to bring your family, and an easy stop for the lunch crowd. We will be back!
5	really good jewish style deli.  try the matzo ball soup and the sandwiches rock....   phil and his family are very friendly and the service was great.    !!! phil, thanks for opening in lancaster they needed it !!!!waxhaw resident from new jersey
5	The food is home made and fabulous. A wide variety and breakfast anytime makes it a favorite for me. They are now open till 8:00 PM now. I'll be back Saturday AM for more of those exceptional pancakes.
3	I visited for the first time yesterday with my family.  Friday evening around 6:15 and there were plenty of open seats but at first glance this place looks great on the inside.  It's a very nice space.  Located right next to the Publix in an area that has been starving for good food for quite some time.We were greeted promptly and handed a handwritten special menu which outlined the daily specials and sides.  Sitting down at a nice booth near the kitchen area and opening the menu you are immediately overwhelmed by the shear amount of offerings.  OMG, it took me 10 - 15 minutes to figure out what I wanted which was OK in my book.  In the back of my mind with the lack of traffic that I saw this evening how does anything stay fresh?  The waitress came over and took our drink orders and was a little pushy about asking for our order IMO, with that size menu she's got to realize it's going to take a new arrival some time you know?We ordered 2 things off the kids menu for the little ones and I ordered a steak and cheese sandwich which was served on a hoagie roll and a side of potato salad.  Sweetie ordered the salmon special with cole slaw and pasta salad.  The kids tender meal was underwhelming and served with 2 overly breaded foodservice chicken tenders and less than a handful of fries.  For $6.50 I expected more.  My steak and cheese hoagie was mostly bread and the steak was not seasoned and didn't have any dressing of any sort.  Ergo, it was flavorless and dry.  I paid an extra $.60 for mushrooms which offered a small amount of flavor but again I was mostly eating bread.  I will say the potato salad was very good.  Sweetie said her salmon was over cooked and dry.  We left with a piece of lemon pound cake to go which according to Sweetie was the best part of the meal.Hey, it's somewhat new and I possibly ordered the wrong thing.  In theory I liked the concept of a deli like back home, corned beef, pastrami, brisket, burgers etc....I saw plenty of the Sun City Crowd which may explain the blandness but in order to draw in repeat business, they need to jazz things up a bit.
1	Have ate breakfast here and "dinner" once.First of all there is nothing "special" about the specials on the breakfast menu. No special prices or anything. The specials are on the everyday menu. Not happy with cost for the quality of the food. Suspect breakfast potatoes were from a freezer or cooked, frozen, and reheated. Eggs were good, but most people can cook an egg.The time I went for dinner was between 7-8 pm during a weekday. The cook had just turned off the grill, so no burgers or hot cooked stuff. I ended up having a tuna sandwich on the smallest wheat bread ever, tomato and lettuce. And a VIP of reheated tomato soup. Totally underwhelmed and paid over $12 for this meal. Poor quality, little quantity food.  Way over priced for the area. Really had high hopes for this place. They need to make changes or good bye.
5	What a great place to go for breakfast, lunch, or dinner!  Have tried all three and could not be happier.  I have been going to Phil's Deli for years in town but so happy they have expanded out to this area!  Just like Phil's I love the family owned atmosphere and that they make you feel right at home when you walk in.  Friendly staff and wonderful food!However, the food of course is my favorite part!  LOVE LOVE the Challah French Toast, what a treat!  And you can never go wrong with the Reuben!  Will definitely be back to try more on the menu!
1	The place was half full for lunch on a Saturday.  I was barely able to sit before the waitress came and asked what we wanted to drink.  As I was opening the menu, my diet coke appeared and she asked us what we wanted.  Umm, I have been here for less than 30 seconds. We asked her to give us a minute.  In 30 seconds we figured out what we were going to order and put the menus down. Twelve minutes later, I was watching her check people out, touch tables, etc. yet still did not come back for our order.  We gave it another 2-3 minutes....bye!
