4	Until this Petsmart opened I frequented many other pet store locations in Charlotte. Not only do I adore this store because it is convenient to uptown/Elizabeth/SouthPark (you know my bubble) but they have amazing customer service. This is the one stop shop for pet owners. I usually am not a fan of the super store but they go the extra mile. Punky has attended doggie day camp, pet training and goes to the vet here. Not only do the majority of employees and the managers always remember us and his name but they always offer me a hand when buying heavy bags of dog food and go the extra mile to offer coupons for my brand of choice. I can not rave about the vet- Banfield here enough. They always seem to go the extra mile with reminders and genuine concern for myself and my pup. Plus there is a Marshalls right beside this Petsmart- what's not to love.
5	Ok, I know this is a chain store, but I had to review this place. They are AWESOME at this location. Even if we move a little farther away in the future, I'd totally make the drive to frequent this location. The staff here offers the highest level of customer service that I've ever seen in a Petsmart. It's crazy... it's like they went through ninja hospitality courses or something with the level of service I'm getting!!My pup has some skin issues and one of the employees spent at least 30 mins with us to get him the best shampoo and food for his conditions. We have had nothing but great experiences here and I will shout to the hills, or tall buildings, since I'm near uptown, but you get the idea. If you're near there, GO!!! RIGHT NOW!!!
4	I just recently bought a dog, and I bring him to this Petsmart for grooming, training, and supplies.The training is really affordable and effective.  Willie (the trainer) is great.  He is a results oriented trainer, and guarantees his work.  You pay for the puppy training, but if you feel the puppy has not made progress, Willie will continue to train him until you get the desired results.The grooming people here are extremely nice and do a good job for an affordable price.Overall, this is a very clean and affordable place, with extremely helpful and nice people.  I love going to this Petsmart and would definitely recommend their services.
5	I got my dog, Bailey, 7 months ago and frequent this location on a weekly basis!  As a first time puppy owner I was overwhelmed with the amount of products there are.  There is a location 3 blocks from me but I drive to the Cotswold location for the excellent service and atmosphere.  Originally I went because it was the nearest Banfield location, but I kept coming becuase the staff is so helpful and it feels like they really care.    The Banfield staff always greated Bailey by name, even before I could get her signed in.  The Vet Techs and the Vet were more then patient with me and my multitude of questions.  After her spay they called the next day to follow up and make sure she was doing alright.  They are AMAZING!  I was having problems potty training Bailey and the trainer Willie gave us some tips and worked with her.  I then signed up for his classes a few months later and after 2 classes and saw an immediate difference in her and myself.  Willie is calm and patient and the dogs really respond and respect him.  He gives such helpful tips to make you a better owner. I am going to continue to take his classes and wouldn't think of taking Bailey anywhere else.  The groomers are Awesome as well. They gave me advice after the first grooming session to get her accustomed to the dremels and the sensitive areas on dogs to do at home.  The next time I took her in there wasn't a problem as all and she wasn't aggitated. It was the end of the night and they were getting ready to close but Brandy graciously took Bailey in to get her nails grinded, cleaned her ears and brushed her teeth right after a class.  I showed her a brush I was thinking about purchasing and asked if it was appropriate. Afterwards, she educated me on the best brush to maintain Bailey's Coat at home (it ended up being less then the one I chose on my own).  Overall, if you are a pet owner there is no better place to take your pet to keep them happy and healthy.  I haven't encountered a situation where the staff isn't happy to help or advise you.  I'm about to move to Ballentyne and I will still drive to Cotswold to get everything I need for Bailey.
5	I needed to find a doggy daycare on short notice. My usual spot was filled as it was race weekend. All the other places required an initial interview (usually only on certain days/times). Fortunately, Petsmart was able to get my little furball in the next morning. He had a wonderful day (per his report card - how cute is that?!) and the staff all seemed warm and passionate about their job. Added bonus was that my pup already went to the Banfield hospitals, so getting his records was painless. My babydog and I are forever grateful!
5	I wanted to write about the trainer Don.  Everyone praises Willie and I have seen his classes in action. Wow do they have full attention!  But, I went with Don because of the class times, etc. I gave him a try and now know I will never go to Willie.  Don is a gentle man but commands respect. He uses reward for right behavior, and is not too harsh.  Kind of like a dog whisperer. My puppy is rescued from an abusive situation and can't imagine training any other method. She responds attentively and is maintaining the obedience outside of class.  Everything he has told me to do has been exactly what she needed to learn but in a way that doesn't have her afraid I'm going to beat her.
5	I'm writing this review based on training and shopping experience.  I've never had to groom, board, or use the vet facilities here though all look great.The training here is the best in Charlotte. Mr willie is wonderful- he turned my rambunctious crazy pup into an off-leash walker in less than 6 months. We started in his beginner class, went through intermediate and advanced, and are now in therapy dog classes, looking forward to taking the therapy dog test soon. Willie can help you with any problem, from drooling to chewing to car sickness to aggression.  He's the Caesar Milan of Charlotte. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
1	Absolutely horrible experience over this last holiday season. I have no idea what happened but it took my dog a week to return to her normal self! She  didn't eat for 3 days after we picked her up,  drank copius amounts of water, laid around lethargic and wouldn't even wag her tail. That tells me that at the very least they didn't interact with her, even though I paid for the extra interaction time. Will not EVER leave my dog here again and don't recommend it to anyone who has a dog that needs normal human interaction.
1	SAY NO TO THE GROOMING SALON!  I have a 14 year old Australian Shepherd, Barbi.  I shop at this location for everything for her, I have boarded her at this location and she has been groomed at this location.  Today was her second grooming and I asked that they shave her from the summer.  I reminded the groomer that checked her in that she had arthritis.  She said, "yes, we have that in our records."  Three hours later I received a call that my dog could not stand up.  They had "partially" groomed her and I should come and get her.  I went to pick her up and I was horrified by her condition.  She had to be carried out from the back and could not stand at all!  She had clumps of shaven fur still hanging on her body...they had not even bothered to try and make her presentable!  They didn't take accountability for her condition and did not have an ounce of empathy for her or me.  I was in tears!The "Salon Manager" said they would not charge me for the amount of grooming they had done.  She did say "I'm sorry" as I carried my 45 pound dog from the salon.  As I entered the parking lot a gentleman offered to help me to the car.  I received more empathy from him than from anyone in the salon.I called the store and complained about the salon staff to the store manager, who was nice.  However, I will NEVER shop with this location again AND probably will no longer patronize PetSmart at all.
4	I'm writing this review based on shopping experience for dogs, not grooming or training.  The store was very clean and organized.  Great selection of treats for dogs for training purposes.  I was looking for a chain collar because my dogs keep destroying the nylon ones they have, but I could not find any...all they had were chokes.  Ton of toy selections, prices vary depending on the brand...I suggest looking in the clearance rack first.  I was also was looking for collar tags, they did not have much of a variety of tags to choose from and they are a bit pricey for some of them.  Using the engraving machine was quite simple, it tells you step by step as you prepare to personalize your pets tag.  I suggest calling the store and asking if the product you are looking is available before making the trip up.  I would definitely come back to this store.
2	This review is rated on shopping at this location not boarding or grooming. First of all the prices at PetSmart in general are to high and keep going up. I only go there because they are the closest for me.I purchase my dog food at Pet Supermarket because it is $3 less per bag. I will probably start purchasing all my cat at dogs needs at Pet Supermarket. Where to start? It is always chaotic in that store and why must the dog trainer be in front of the store by the registers? If the training is not up front they are up and down the aisles making it difficult to shop. I thought they had a little area off to the side?  I don't recall every having a great shopping experience here. One time I was going to purchase a large cat tree and 2 male employees watched me carry it to the front and never offered to help. I found out it was not the one on sale so did not buy. I carried it back to where I found it and the same 2 employees watched me, again never offering to help. The location of this store does not help after you search forever for a parking space you would hope to have a good experience and reasonable prices to make it worth your bother.
4	They have tons of cute pets here.  I know you can easily find an animal to suit your companionship needs.  The staff are extremely helpful and very knowledgable about the products and will order anything you need of it isn't in stock.  The parking is plenty and of course your own pets are allowed to shop with you.  I have neve seen any pets get into quarrels here, which makes me wonder why places like Home Depot started banning pets on the property.  People who shop with their pets def spend more, because they are happier.   That's my opinion.  On occasions, you will see obedience classes for dogs in the main area near the front of the store.  It is very cute.  The groomers are great, but they aren't too happy when asked to shave a 12 pound Maine Coon cat.  Oh well, I will stick with my vet to de-poof the kitty!  Happy shopping!
3	This location has a lot of features & I love the convenience. Good: No, great! The Banfield at this location is awesome. They know my pup by name and are always willing to help in any way possible. He's had a couple health issues & they've minimized our cost while making sure he's cared for. Ehhh: Boarding. I'm 50/50 on this. My dog apparently escaped (inside the store) overnight but they found him. I made sure to warn them he opens doors but they just laughed. He also didn't eat hardly any while there, but maybe was just nervous. Idk. Bad: Grooming salon. Been twice, first time he came back dirty on stomach, ears and with extremely uneven nails. Second, they trimmed his tail when asked not to, and again he was dirty. Not going for a 3rd attempt.
