4	I went here to get a re-touch. I was scared at first with it being a school but after what I went through at another salon, it was worth a try.  The person I had service me did a great job eventhough he had not done it before. I was surprised even the other students were helping him to make sure he did the job right. By the way, the prices are half the price you would pay at the salon, it does take a little bit longer because they are students practicing but I'm glad I tried it and saved me a few bucks.  I will def. be back!!!! (Don't knock it til you try it).
1	TO POTENTIAL STUDENTS:DO NOT EVEN BOTHER LOOKING HERE IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN ATTENDING BEAUTY SCHOOL!Stuff the school does not mention to you at the time of enrollment:- they PREFER you have at least SOME experience in what you are there to learn, in other words, newbies not apply- Staff does not care who you are after you are enrolled, so do not expect any special treatment and/or caring staff members for any concerns you may have- that kit that you pay for out of pocket, items will be used for practice and on customers if the school just simply cannot supply what is needed- nail techs always run out of paper towels and acrylic, always- its irritating and inconvenient to them if you have no one at home to practice on- if its busy, you will run out of the proper equipment needed and be given a stool and a box to place your ass and supplies on while doing a pedicure-while being taught how to do something, you will not be given any pointers on what you should work on to improve and the only response given to you by so called PROFESSIONAL and LICENSED cosmetologists / manicurists is pretty much, 'good enough.'-unless you are enrolling with a friend, don't expect fellow students to try and help you out or BECOME your friend. SNOBBY SNOBBY SNOBBY!-If you mess something up, or do not do it properly, both your fellow students AND staff, will make fun of you behind your back not bothering to give you pointers or any sort of helpful advice- if you want someone to take any complaint you may have seriously, you have to threaten to drop out and get your money back. But even then, they go back to ignoring you as soon as they know you've given them a second chance- Even if class picture day is 2 days after you enroll, You are expected to participate no matter how uncomfortable you are- If the next competition is scheduled within the first week of you starting, you are expected to participate and be judged on your work. No matter how advanced or inexperienced you are. - Nail techs, cosmos and estheticians do not intermingle. They all talk poorly about each other.- NO student actually LIKES attending here- The only time you are noticed is when you don't show up for class, since that can be held against you- Miss Tana is not a very well liked person, she has the mentality of a popular girl in high school and needs to knock it off with the 6 inch heels and low cut tops- if you pay tuition in full you get less attention from the school. Only because they do not have to come after you at any point to get the rest of their money-they do student appreciation day, and some foods served will be prepared in the sinks dirty foot water, acetone and other chemicals are poured into- Miss idontknowhowtospellhername, the staff member you should be dealing with most, the staff member in charge of keeping you updated about your status, the staff member keeping track of your attendance and hours, is very unprofessional. Shes rude, often pisses students off, doesn't go out of her way to try and help you and VERY much should not be working with people- you are expected to start working with the public after 100 hours (at least as a nail technician) no matter if you've practiced 1 mani / pedi or 5- if you refuse to participate in required competions for any reason, you will be threatened suspension. Even if the reason is that you don't feel comfortable because you just startedI cannot stress to you how terrible this place was.It was like being in high school again,but everyone was over 18, some even over 50.Staff often recommends to prospective students that the best way to get an idea of whether or not they should attend is to get a service done and talk to a current student about it. Don't bother. I can tell you right now that not one student was happy or excited to be there. If any of the students said otherwise, Its because an instructor or staff member was nearby.The quality of work done by students was pathetic. For practicing state board so often, I was expecting some impressive work by at least SOME students. The only student I would have let do any practice on me was self taught for years and was only attending school to be licensed. Marinello was not responsible for teaching her any skills she had.I think as a cosmetology school, they should ALWAYS be supplied with needed materials, especially since they are used on a daily basis. Constantly being out of Mortimer, Acrylic, Paper towels, pedicure chairs, and acetone is ridiculous. Its even MORE ridiculous that they expect you to use supplies in your kit which YOU pay for out of pocket.On top of that, the Orkin man that sprays both at the school and at my work asked me why I wasn't attending, I told him I didn't like the program and the school itself was nasty and he replied 'well I could of told you that.'Even the guy who sprays for bugs thinks this schools gross?eww.
1	DO NOT ENROLL HERE. This is not an expression of just mine, but ALL of the students I attended this school with during my 7 month course in Nail Technology. I do not know ONE student who did not regret enrolling here. You are basically here for your hours, because the staff does not sincerely care about preparing you for a successful career. They are only there to assist in your graduation, and that is a stressful process on its own.- The staff has VERY POOR communication with the students and with each other. - There is no structured teaching. You are shown once how to do something, and then you are on your own and forced to ask questions when you don't know what to do next. Bookwork is not taught, you simply read a chapter, and then take the test. This is NOT how it is supposed to be done, and since this is a reflection of the instructor as an individual, it is also a reflection of the school's lack of interest in how their instructors are performing.- The kits that come with the program are worth $800, and because the school is both financially struggling and unorganized, the students are forced to use their own products from their kits to work on clients.- The school is constantly enforcing new rules, simply because they run their business poorly. A happy student is one who feels secure with what they are being taught, and feels they are progressing and growing. That is not the case here.I learned how to do 95% of what I do from YouTube videos. - The site is filthy, and the students are constantly having to ask for supplies.They are also partners with O.P.I. and should be using their products on clients, yet the teachers are constantly buying other more affordable products for the students to use. - While enrolled, my instructor took a leave of absence, and instead of replacing her with someone qualified to teach Nail Technology, they assigned an instructor whose area of expertise was in skin care. She picked up the class and had absolutely no idea what she was doing, and had very poor organization which resulted in the loss or misplacement of student's timesheets and tests.I could ramble on with many more details, but the point here is the school OVERALL lacks interest in their students. Individual instructors may be awesome people who want you to succeed, but it trickles down to their bosses and so forth. The school needs to be audited and examined by the corporate directors, if they even care to know how incredibly unorganized and unprofessional the staff is. The registrar Mrs Wassenya was the most unpleasant person to deal with as she has a very bad attitude and makes you feel like you are bothering her with questions that only she should be answering. Her replacement Mrs Brenda who was filling in from the Las Vegas campus was no better. IT IS NOT WORTH THE $7,000+ ...take it elsewhere and research other schools. Do not settle for this school for their convenient schedule or price. Your education is what matters and you will waste your money here. I am currently looking for classes offered on Craigslist to perfect the half-ass skills I was taught here, and also what I could not learn from YouTube.
1	In response to "Robert P.", who is clearly employed by Marinello and was given the task to redeem the company by responding to these ACCURATE and TRUTHFUL reviews:Robert P says"We provide each student a kit and supplies to conduct services on the paying public. The supplies are at no additional cost to the student."- Correction. The student is responsible for payment of this O.P.I. kit which is part of the tuition, it is $800 and NOT worth it. There were MANY occasions where the students had to dip into their own kits because the person in charge of ordering supplies had poor planning skills.Robert P says:"We have an open door policy so that student can come and express any concerns they have about the program and/or the school to the school management. Each complaint is taken seriously and looked into by the regional director.- If only it were REALLY that way :) You will be enticed to enroll, and once it is too late to drop the course, you will find that most of the staff is smug and appears to have too much on their plate to really be engaged in your problems and complaints.Robert P says:"We have excellent completion and state board pass rates in the manicuring program at the Henderson campus, which speaks for itself."- They teach you just what you need to know to pass the course. The worst of students passed. It is not about passing, it is about getting your money's worth of education. YOU DON'T. Robert P says:"The Henderson Nail Tech program is one of the most successful programs at the Henderson campus with completion, pass, and placement rates well above our accreditation standards"- Maybe because it is only a 6 month program in comparison to he 9 month Esthetician program, or the 18 month Cosmo program? -___-LASTLY, Robert P. says:"Yesterday, at our Henderson graduation, we had many nail tech graduates and their families thank us for the education we provided, including the valedictorian, who is a nail tech grad. This complainant is not speaking for the students or graduates of the Henderson nail tech program"- This literally made me laugh out loud. Students dont have a graduation day together. Maybe 1 or 2 students, but not a class. You graduate when you finish your 600 hours, and your graduation date can be pushed back due to absences.Also, there is no "valedictorian" - LMAO. Really, Marinello? That was a desperate move. Dont waste your money, folks.
4	LETS BE REALLY CLEAR: MY 4 STARS IS MAINLY FOR THE STUDENT I GOT!  AND THE FRIENDLINESS OF THE STAFF ( they even gave me a tour to see all they offer)if it was just reviewing the facility: I would give 2 stars...I had the spa facial done: my student was great and did a very very good job. she did a long amazing massage. 1) The hair area looked well kept, trendy, and new!2) The students were professional and took pride in their work3) the facility was very clean. CONS:1) the facial room was VERY DARK, so without proper  lighting we couldn't do extractions... she couldnt see!  ( THEY DONT HAVE THE MAGNIFYING/LIGHT ) eeek!!!2) The EQUIPTMENT SUCKED: the steamer was a really really cheap/crappy one. it couldnt get the whole face. you had to have it really close to feel anything so basically one area would get the steam.- I feel bad because my student was good, and here im sure she is paying a ton to learn and they cant even provide decent equiptment to get her ready for an actual career...3) WALK - IN only = long waits....  and you have to Drive all the way over there to see if they have time for you or not..My reccomendations: get some good equiptment for the students! ( tuition is a lot! im sure you can even find decent used equiptment)  and maybe consider taking appointments that would be amazing or at least have a direct number to the greeters so you can call and see if they are busy instead of driving all the way over there to find that ou..
3	Okay I gave this place 3 stars ONLY because of how nice my girl was. We had a fun conversation and she was really sweet and made me laugh. I asked for an almond shaped acrylic. The shape was all messed up, polish got everywhere, and it was very clumpy. You really get what you pay for though. The set was only $10 so I shouldn't have expected nothing extravagant. I also got a facial. It was nice until she brought out the steamer, it was way to close to my face and I to ask her to move because it started making me tear up. Also it was very loud and not really relaxing in the room because I guess a demonstration was going on. For $12, I got my money's worth though Overall, I will not be going back there for any type of manicure but maybe another facial
1	I'd give this place Zero Stars if I could. Where to begin?..The entire place is dirty. Seriously, noone is even cleaning up the hair off the floor or bothering to wipe off counters. The bathrooms are even gross.The staff is lazy and more importatnly, the students have NO clue what they're doing.  Most of them have no business being out on the floor yet.Examples - I went here for a simple mani/pedi. 3 HOURS into my appointment, I finally gave up and told a manager I was leaving. There were too many disgusting reasons to list them all, but a few that stand out - The student doing my nails had never done a gel mani before and had no idea what she was doing. She literally spilled polish remover down my ENTIRE leg and then proceeded to soak my feet - which you CANNOT do if you're using gel polish. I had asked her several times if she was sure she knew what she doing, and she told me she'd gone in the back and asked the senior techs.She had dandruff and was missing front teeth - no, it's not a beauty contest. But when the person giving you a manicure is literally shaking dandruff onto your hands, it's repulsive. Like it or not, if you're going to work in the beauty industry, you do have to take care of how you present yourself.I could go on and on...but I think you get the point.
5	This is the facial department that I go to every two weeks not only do I get whole face wax also my 14 year old niece also proceed acne facial they are out standing and highly recommend  the hair students need a lot of work but the estheticians are highly trained and I recommend anything done with the face go to them outstanding awesome highly praised!
4	Damn, what's with all the hate? Can't  you just enjoy  a good haircut for a great price like i do? Any who I really enjoy this place, because I can get a good haircut for $5 by the kind young women who are students there. It sure beats 13$ or more for a simple men's haircut by some burnt out middle aged gal which is all too common and some of the chain salon's. The ladies who work the front desk are kind and attentive, usually wait no longer than 10 mins before I am able to be seen. I have always had my haircut by students who are kind and talkative with a pleasant personality. So I'm definitely a fan.
