3	I had an appointment scheduled for 11am, for which I arrived about 10 mins early. The lady at the front desk (sandy blonde hair, black glasses) has the WORST attitude in the world. I fill out my paperwork, turn it in to the lady, and wait. For 1 hour 30 mins without a word spoken to me. Finally, an assistant calls for me, takes my temperature, weighs me, and asks me how tall I am (aren't you supposed to measure that?). He tells me to sit in this room and the doctor will be with me. After waiting another 15 minutes, I leave my room and ask to reschedule my appt. Attitude lady starts getting a bad attitude and even goes as far as saying "WOOSA". She then said with great attitude and annoyance, "She just left her room, that's why you can't reschedule it!" Waa waa waa, anything is possible. If you can't handle the stress of your job, take a xanax or quit. There was another lady nice enough to help me and reschedule my appt. for the next morning. I thanked her and left. The only reason I had to leave my appt. was because I borrowed my mom's car and she needed it for an interview. Besides, who wants to stuck in a waiting room for almost 2 hours? Not this chick.I return the next morning, and the happier lady greets me with a smile and sets me up. It's amazing how one positive person can change the environment of the establishment. I met with Dr. Andriola (he's a very, very funny and honest guy), took my x-ray with another pleasant lady, and was shortly out on my way. Walking out, I saw the she-devil. I didn't bother to look her way. I wanted to cross myself when I walked by. The only reason I would recommend this place is because of Dr. Andriola and the helpful employees there. As for the chick with glasses, you're in the wrong profession if you can't deal with people and road bumps along the way. The Walmart down the street might be perfect for you though.
1	I won't go back. Here's why. 1: Misdiagnosis: One doc I won't name couldn't figure out what was wrong with me on one occasion so she writes 2 scripts, recommends tests, and sends me on my way $120 lighter for the visit, plus $130 in script costs. When her scripts fail to work I snap a picture of the problem and send it to a family doctor / Hospital Chief Of Staff we know in Nebraska. She immediately diagnosed it, recommended over the counter stuff and I was healed in 72 hours. And when I told the COS what the scripts were she laughed and said Seriously? She gave you THAT? You wasted your money! 2: Book a 15 min appoint to make sure you cover your issues, she rushes through and doesn't seem to really listen to you. 3: Won't renew even simple scripts for $4 meds without an expensive doctor's visit. 4: Loves to make referrals and especially to labs. Lots and lots of lab work. 5: Front desk staff: Overworked and it shows. In short, Las Vegas healthcare already has a bad rap. This clinic does not help the perception problem one bit.
1	Even with appointment had to wait 4 hours to see the one and only doctor on site. What a mess!
4	Dr. Andriola is the only reason we go here. The wait is usually long and I notice that those without an appointment usually get seen quicker then those that do.
5	This review is for the sweetest nurse I've ever met, Cookie:) she's has gone above and beyond to help me everything that I've come in, which is a lot since my insurance company requires a lot of authorizations. If you're looking for a kind and caring nurse, who always has a smile on her face, she's the one to see! Thanks Cookie!
3	Not to many people waiting this time compared to last time I came here.  Even with the low # of people waiting, it still took like an hour for me to get called into the back.  I don't know if this was due to the doctor I was seeing had more patients than the rest or what, but I hate how every doctor office seems to take forever to get you seen.  Why did I schedule my appointment for 3:30 when I wasn't going to be seen until 4:30 anyways?  I could have stayed the extra hour at work, but instead im sitting in a waiting room.  Aside fromt he waiting everything else was ok.  The doctor was pretty fast with talking to me and getting me my prescriptions and sending my on my way.  I also found the staff to be mostly friendly, although one of the girls at the front seemed a little snobby towards some of the customers I seen walking in.
1	I only left one star because I had to. This place is atrocious. This is by far the most unprofessional, downright pathetic excuse for a medical office I have ever been to. The front desk staff often seem unsure of themselves, or just don't care. The doctors do NOT listen to you; they are more concerned with writing prescriptions and making money from the pharmaceutical companies. One young female student doctor prescribed me incorrect medication which caused me to be hospitalized for three days. I obviously am the one stuck with thousands of dollars in medical expenses and they wiped their hands of everything.Wretched place, I will never, ever return and warn all people against going there.
2	They do not take appointments for sick visits.  You have to do their "prompt care".  That really sucks.  They tell you about a hour wait and 3 hours later you still haven't been called back.  So basically there is a waiting room full of sick people.  Great for the well people who have appointments who are waiting.  My last visit was for a bad cough that wasn't going away.  The ladies at the front desk are super nice and friendly.  I don't know how they do it.  I couldn't handle dealing with sick, cranky people who have been waiting for hours.  One of the women brought me a cup of water because she heard me coughing.  I thought that was really nice.  When I finally got seen, I was given 3 prescriptions the most important being cough syrup.  They only do prescriptions electronically you cannot get a paper Rx.  I go to pick up my prescriptions and only 2 made it.  They have no record of the cough syrup so I call the doctors office and they say they will get it called in.  By the next day it is still not called in so I call the office again, they say it was sent the first time so I call CVS who assures me it was never received.   I call back to the office and they say they will send it over right away, by the time I get off work it still hasn't been sent so I go in person to try and get it taken care of.  They take my id and I wait for 20-30 min.  Finally they give me id back and say it has been sent to CVS and give them about a hour to fill it.  4 hours later and CVS still has not received anything.  I call the office for the last time (thankfully they are open late) pretty much begging them to please get me this cough syrup since it is the whole reason I waited for almost 4 hours the day before.  The woman I spoke to was very nice and finally got it called in for me.  Everyone I dealt with was super nice and friendly but the wait and Rx hassle is just not worth it.
1	They care just long enough to get paid. And that's about it. Their unprofessional front desk administration is my number one complaint about this location. Clueless, careless, unaccommodating, bossy, unhappy, and slow. Come on people, how hard is it to enter text and numbers into a computer nowadays. A real shame because this could easily be made into a real professional business with the right staff. They better call in a business consulting service quick. They are now called "Health Care Partners" I believe. Good luck!
1	Here we go again!!  What a joke this place is. First off the office staff at front counter NEED TO GO TO CUSTOMER SERVICE SCHOOL!!  Don't try to call, they just put you on hold. Oh, and if you go down there, they just ignore you, or take somebody else that walks up to the counter. I guess I was "just a mirage".  It's funny, they are always on the phone and when they get off, eyes go right to stupid computer. WTF??!!  I guess you have to be an ass and say: are you gonna help me or are you gonna go to your little computer world and do nothing. I was there this morning, walked up to counter, like usual one on phone, one on computer, and one was MIA. Computer jerk didn't even look up, probably to busy with stupid book, ( aka: facebook) or online romance with screen. I bet it wasnt job related!! Other had a phone growing out of his ear just like every time I go in there then hangs up goes right to computer. TYPICAL.  Never surprises me anymore. So, I said fu** this place and walked out. Thanks to everybody at Freemont medical on lake-mead and Van Wagenen for you ignoring, crappy customer service, no pay attention to people that walk up to counter, put people  on hold all the time awesome customer service!!  HA HA......YEA RIGHT!!    What a joke this place is.
3	First off I want to state the Doctors here are great and I have always had great service with the staff, but not today... I have normally never had a problem with this place and have always been taken care of and I would like to just state that Arial at the front desk needs an attitude adjustment. Requested for medical records to be mailed to them... 11/6/14.... You have to keep calling to see if they have been received because they can't call you to let you know and here I am a month later still they say they never received them so I request for them to fax the paperwork. Fax number on the website (the main website) should be right don't you think? I call back and tell Arial that a fax should be coming she asked where I sent it and I gave her the fax from their website and she argued with me. All I was stating is that the website is wrong and she says "I don't care what the website says it is not our fax number" really??? She could have handled that completely different. If you don't want to deal with people or give them compassion you shouldn't be in health care. If it wasn't so hard to find a good doctor in this town I would not be using this office. Doctors are great customer service is horrible.
