5	A first for me - a restaurant that specializes in Grilled Cheese sammies - in Vegas - RIGHT ON !!  I've seen a show about a  peanut butter sammie shop ( another great idea - maybe they put one next to this place )  but grilled cheese ? so they got the specialty menu - about 13 different cheese creations with cheese ranging from good 'ol american to Emmentaier / Gruyere ( damn if i know if  i spelled those right ! ) they also have various meats and veggies  - all UNDER $5 !!!  Grilled cheese brings back memories - fond memories of childhood - one of the premier comfort foods.  So i remember when i had a choice of how to make my grilled cheese - it was american cheese, crushed chips on rye bread - so that's what i ordered from the "construction worker " menu - 9 different cheeses you can try,  6 different breads and 17 different toppings,the result - FRICKIN' AWESOME  !  I actually had  a slight tear in my eye - made me think of momma !  All from a simple  grilled cheese sammie - the simple things in life .  I'm adding this to my monthly rotatation .poor pic added
5	Boo ya!  This place is awesome.  I had 2 sandwiches tonight.Started off with "The Apprentice" with cheddar on Texas Toast.  A nice sandwich - the bread was nice and crispy.  The cheese was nice and gooey.  However, this isn't why I gave Dad's 5 stars.  Honestly, you could make this sandwich easily at home.Finished off with "The Teacher" with sausage.  Absolutely delicious.  You have your choice of bacon, sausage, or chorizo as the meat.  I loved the sausage and will try chorizo next time.  In addition to meat, there is a fried egg and cheddar cheese.  The egg was perfectly cooked for a sandwich, imo.  Not too runny of a yolk (as that gets wasted) but not overcooked.  More of a runny medium.  It was awesome.  The bread is a multi-grain bread - seemed about the size of a small english muffin.They've got about 12 preset sandwiches you can choose from or build your own.  Sandwiches are reasonably priced - many of them under $4.  I highly recommend this place.They did forget to give me my hershey's chocolate bar with my order.  All sandwiches are supposed to come with a pickly spear (which was really tasty and perfect) and a chocolate bar.  Oh well...next time.Go eat there.  It's good.
4	Found this place on yelp -- they've only been open 3 weeks -- and I'd have to say, this is really a cool concept! I mean who doesn't like a grilled cheese right?We stopped in to grab a snack. We got The Apprentice, one with American cheese on whole wheat the other with muenster cheese on Texas toast with a side of curly fries and tomato soup.After ordering, we sat down and soon, the food was brought out to us. I'd have to say, the grilled cheese was really yummy! The hearty tomato soup was a little too thick for me, but it was tasty! We couldn't finish the soup so we brought it back with us. The young man said he didn't want any grilled cheese but he ate half of my order -- WTH! There are a bunch of cheese to choose from and your choice of bread including white, whole wheat, Texas toast and thin wheat (I think). The grilled cheese starts at under $3 and if you want, you can build your own or choose from one of the gourmet selections they have on the board.I thought it was pretty good! I'd come back again! I think Orange County needs one of these!! For sure!!PS: they even have soy cheese!PSS: the leftover soup, when reheated and some water added to it, came out perfect!!!
2	Someone's gonna have to roll me over with a minivan, ;probably Matthew C. I think a rock is sitting at the bottom of my stomach.I got the The DJ with corned beef, emmentaler, and extra side helping of heart attack onna plate. I was starving. And after eating more calories than I normally consume in an entire day, I was still hungry, but feeling grossed out. Skimpy sandwich, entirely lacking in meat, with extra helpings of butter or other grease.Perhaps I should have stuck to a more basic grilled cheese sandwich.The French Onion Soup was okay. The croutons were nicely crunchy, though I think this is a soup that needs bread. No melted cheese on top, but the cheese pooled at the bottom was okay.BF got the grampa sized sandwich and it just seemed like more bread.I'd rather spend an extra dollar and get more meat.If you're looking for health food, you're in the wrong place. But I think even a grilled cheese doesn't have to have so much grease/fat/heart attack.I could swear off food for a week after this sandwich, if I weren't still hungry.I wanted to love it. Really, I did.
2	Um, sorry to say, this might be one of the few places I need to pan. I was excited about the concept of a grilled cheese-centric place opening in Vegas a la Manhattan's lamented Grilled Cheese NYC. Unfortunately, Dad's really disappoints. First of all most of the menu isn't even grilled cheese varieties, but other sandwiches with cheese on them...BFD. Secondly, the grilled cheese variety I ordered (The Godfather?) wasn't even that cheesy! I've had more impressive Grilled Cheese at Ruby's Diner (a chain). Thirdly, the tomato soup was strongly recommended...it was thick and sweet and reminded my dining companion of the sauce that comes with Franco-American's Spaghetti-Os. In short: Out of the way, and not worth the effort. Sorry, Dad.
5	Came here with the Adventures in Dining meetup group. I had "The Advocate" a vegetarian grilled cheese with avocado, romaine, tomato and onion. I also had a very generous "cup" of homemade tomato soup. The soup was creamy and flavorful with big chunks of onion. My sandwich was light, crispy flavorful and cheesy. If you are the kind of person who likes the pizza with the cheese in the crust (bleeeargh!) then you might be disappointed in the level of cheese. For me, it was just right. I am certain they would gladly throw on an extra slice or two for you.My boyfriend got "The Teacher" and egg and cheese and chorizo on multigrain flatbread. He is a notoriously finicky eater, but that sandwich was GONE in under ten minutes.Another friend got the DJ, and said his was delicious as well. All items we ordered were under $5 dollars, hot and freshly made to order. Also, this is a locally owned and operated business. Dad and Son run a clean, friendly,  well lighted establishment. I'm gonna come back to get my Scrabble on...
3	Maybe it wasn't a bright idea to go after the superbowl where I gorged myself with as much pizza as I could possible stuff into my under-achieving stomach, but my friend and I decided that we'd give a go.  How can you turn down grilled cheese sammiches?!My friend ordered "The DJ" - other than the given of the toasty and chewy of cheese and toasted bread, the pastrami was nice and tangy.  I actually liked this sandwich more than mine because of the tanginess.I ordered "The Teacher" - normally this combination would win hands down.  can't really go wrong with bacon, fried egg and ooey gooey cheese, but The DJ won.  I would've preferred my bacon crispier, but overall, pretty fatty and tasty.  My side of curly fries were crispy and lightly seasoned.  The key is that they stayed crispy.  Conclusion:  Cheese lover's unite and try it out.  Don't be afraid to get down and dirty.
4	First time at Dad's Grilled Cheese shop, right down the street from my office it makes for a good quick lunchtime place. The prices are reasonable and their ingredients are excellent. I ordered the executive with avocado on the side along side with onion rings. I ordered the dipping sauce (dads) and it was alright, the cheeseyness of it i expected it to be hot but it was cold. Sodas were 1.60'ish -- friendly staff. Good vibe.
5	I fear for my waistline.While the idea of grilled cheese sandwiches has always appealed to me, they tend to leave me unsatisified and regretful in practice.  After stopping into Dad's for the first time today, I can honestly say that I'm a grilled cheese convert.  I had the Cowboy, a grilled beauty with the most perfectly toasted bread, gooey cheese, and flavorful onions.  Toss in angus beef and slather it in barbecue sauce, and you've created an unstoppable sandwich.The fries went down quickly, the atmosphere was spot-on (exactly what you might expect a place with this name to look like), and we were greeted, served, and bid adieu with the sincerest of warmth.The only thing keeping my diet safe is the fact that it's all the way across town from me. But if you're in the neighborhood, it's a MUST try.
4	More like 3.66689219 stars.  My wife and I wanted something different for breakfast on Saturday morning so we got "The Executive" which was pretty good and "The Count" which is their montecristo and that was fantastic.  Already looking over the menu to see what we'll order next time.  Just looking at the description of "The Godfather" makes me think that sandwich could put a few senior citizens in the hospital after eating half of that.  I'm going to run off 2 miles of food guilt now.
2	Greasy food.  I guess what you would expect from a grilled cheese joint.  Was a little pricey for grilled cheese, especially when the cashier helped himself to a big tip on my credit card after we left (I will be disputing that).
4	What to say about Dads? Well there is a lot to say, like, " OH MY CHEESE".  I ordered the godfather and was a pleasantley surprised. They do not skimp on the meat, cheese, or peppers. This perfectly grilled little sandwich of goodness was perfect and really hit the spot. The girl at the counter recommended it and I now feel that she is a very smart person and deserves a tip. The atmosphere is interesting, the red walls tattered with grilled cheese pictures and the row of celeb visitors is an odd blend but it works. IT was a little different when I was standing at the register and the chef came out of the back and was dressed and decorated like he was working at a 5 star restaurant cooking tartar in the back. Now to me, this could be a good and a bad thing he either loves Flare or he is an amazing chef that had an amazing idea to make amazing grilled cheese sandwiches.... Guess what? He must be an amazing chef with an amazing idea because it was very very very good.So to the girl at the counter and the decorated chef in the back, Great job!!
5	For every person with negative points in regards to Dads being to oily, greesey, over loaded with calories... um duh. When I first pulled up the menu online, my first thought wasn't "God, I hope this isn't too unhealthy for me" it's GRILLED CHEESE. Nothing about the name of the sandwhich indicates this is great for my health food fanatic self... Nope, I was delighted with the taste, the selection, and was impressed by the staff. I recommend this place to anyone and everyone that I know, and have been there now 4x since I discovered that it was right down the street from where I live, and work... AWESOME!
4	The thought that wouldn't leave my mind the entire time I was at Dad's Grilled Cheese was "I sure wish I knew about this place sooner."Dad's grilled cheese is tucked away inside a strip mall along Decatur in the Southwest part of town.  Inside it's super clean and well lit.  All the booths and tables aren't too close together.  Just an inviting, non-presumptuous place overall.  The owner (I think his name is Tom) was manning the register.  Imagine the uber-dad type.  Large, friendly but firm and you can just tell he's full of life and a million stories.There are several types of grilled cheese sandwiches with assorted names.  I got "The Teacher" which is breakfast style with fried egg, your choice of bacon or sausage (i got bacon) and cheese.  It was a delight and cooked just right so that you still had a bit of runny yolk left inside the egg.  There's also some home made mac & cheese and soups on the menu which I want to try next time.The walls are adorned with framed pictures of famous tv families.  My booth was right next to Al Bundy and the gang, which is fate if you ask me.  A few photos down was Alex P. Keaton and Family Ties.  The whole vibe made me feel like a kid growing up in the 80's hearing my uncle tell me how great Brooks Robinson was for the Orioles back in the day.Oh, and the owner also chats up the customers, but not to the point of annoyance.  More of it just getting the point across that he appreciates the business.  I'd fully recommend this hidden gem in Vegas.
3	We decided to come here, because there was a 2 for 1 coupon. I ordered the DJ (pastrami, cheese, sauerkraut) and the bf ordered the Made Man (meatballs, ricotta, mozzarella and marinara sauce). Both were decent, but not out of this world yummy give me some more of it. I think its a decent deal with the coupon, but other than that I wouldn't go back for more. I think it deserves 2.5 stars.
4	Here is the breakdown. Had 5 star potential going there with a lot of the hype I have heard. Got there and had to sit down to read a menu so I could figure out what to order. Ended up getting The Cowboy (ground angus sauteed with onions, peppers and mushrooms layered on melted Swiss with a touch of BBQ Sauce all on Texas Toast) and a peanut butter butter boom. My friend got The Godfather and curly fries. My sandwich was $6.99 and the butter boom was $3.29 add a drink and I had a $12 lunch. I was OK with that. However, upon receiving my sandwich it was relatively small and didn't contain a whole lot on the inside. Don't get me wrong the taste was all there. But for 7 bucks I expect a bit more (or include a side for that price). That right there was enough to drop me down two stars. I want value for my money especially from a local place.So how did I come to 4 stars? 2 reasons: BUTTER - BOOM. Yes that is both reasons. Ok, so this dessert looked good on the website and sounded good on the website but I've been there, done that, been disappointed before. THIS did NOT disappoint however. The peanut butter one tastes like a Drakes Cakes Funny Bone but is served hot and with melted chocolate on top and topped with a reeses peanut butter cup. Can you say heaven?! And if you have never had a Funny Bone just ignore that comment and go try it anyway!!!I will be going back, and most likely it will be just for the butter-boom!
4	Heard so many good things I just had to check it out. So on a super hungry day I went down to Dad's, and it was AWESOME. It's a sign when you walk into a place and fire fighters are enjoying the crap out of the food!So many great sandwiches to choose from or make your own. Before going in I have spent much time on Yelp and on their website trying to figure out what to tempt my taste buds with. I ending up getting  the Godfather and was so excited when it showed up at my table in its little checkered basket. And to top it off with a kiss, made my day.I wasn't sure it would fill me up but it did. That sandwich packs a flavorful punch of everything I needed. And the service was fast Got the french onion soup to go and had it for dinner, kinda salty and strangely needed more cheese. Not sure if it was because I reheated it or what but I could have used more cheese. And it was too much salt for me which killed it a bit.Will be going back to eat my way through the menu and try the Mac and Cheese Dinners.  Has anyone tried the Dad's dipping sauces? Next time I am so getting the original one. The crust needs some lovin too. And I think that would hit the spot.And to people complaining about grease... WAKE UP YOU ARE EATING A GRILLED CHEESE. Geez it comes with the territory of a great grilled sandwich.
5	It has become a monthly ritual that on our anniversary, my boyfriend and I head over to Dad's Grilled Cheese. The service and the food is always top-notch and you can trust that I will be in the passenger seat of Matt's minivan full of explosives to anyone who rates this place low. *shifty eyes*Anyways, I had felt particularly awful on this occasion (to no fault of the boy, mind you - just allergies) but on the mention that I would get to have Dad's Grilled Cheese for dinner I instantly perked up. I probably couldn't eat here every day because nothing in my closet would fit anymore and that is just an investment gone to waste, but man is this place quite the treat when we do get to go. Since it was 6:30 and I was in desperate need of comfort food, I ordered the classic mac and cheese - creamy, garlicky, with rotini pasta and two small slices of garlic bread, curly fries, and my boy ordered The Boxer I believe. A cute thing they always do is in the sandwich tray is give you a little Hershey's Kiss. It just shows you that the food really was made with love, and sealed with a kiss. *Aww!* :*This place is always freakin' delicious and the customer service can't be beat. If you dine in the food is brought to you, and we were asked a few times as we ate if everything was alright. They even cleared the trays for us and gave me a to-go box - the mac and cheese bested me this time! This was not my first visit and it certainly won't be the last. My favorite things on the menu so far are The Teacher without the meat, The Matador, and the classic mac and cheese. I can't wait to go back and try more. By the way, this place is even VEGAN friendly since they have soy cheese. Literally everyone can eat at Dad's! Thank you Dad's for existing and staying awesome, I can't wait to see what is next :)
4	Ok, ok..so i'm going through my normal routine, when the 11:30 hunger pains kick in, of tryin to decide what i want to eat for lunch.. So Dad's was suggested..now i heard the hype, but never been to the place..i mean really? What's so special about a grilled cheese spot... Dude, give me a pack of Bologna and a Hot Single Mom with WIC, and i'll make a grilled cheese you won't forget...ok, i'm just kidding, she doesn't have to be single... So i get there, check out the menu, and ordered The Gondolier.. "would that be all".."no, i need curly fries and a drink cuz Yelp needs me, and they demand to know about the tagalongs.."...came to about 9 and some change..not bad...now i wait..i take my number..and pull up a seat next to Barack Obama so we can chop it up about Healthcare and Immigration Reform while i wait..i could've sat next to the Fonz, but he just aint that cool anymore..(you know what i mean if u been there, and you'll know once you go..)Bam..food comes..and the first thing i notice is a Hershey Kiss tucked away...ok, thats kinda cool..an after lunch piece of chocolate..who does that? Add a star for that...curly fries looked good..gave it the ole ketchup dunk..not bad.. now for the main course. Here's where i had to give it 4 stars. Could've had more cheese. Isn't the majority of enjoyment when eating a grilled cheese is when you pull the 2 halves apart and the are still connected by strings of goey goodness..or is that just me? I mean the cheese wasn't even pouring over the edges..now when i picked it up, salami, and pepperoni, and olives were falling all over the place, so they definitely didn't skip that part...Took a bite, and was like "Oh-S***!! this is pretty good"..needless to say it got destroyed in record time..i walked out of there feeling nice and full and completely satisfied. I will be back to make my way through the menu, and hopefully give it a full 5 stars, cuz the potential is there..
3	I was hoping for more than just a clean place with a good Philly Cheese Steak. It was not bad, it just was not great. The restaurant itself is nice and homey but a little blah.The onion rings are pretty good.I look forward to going back and trying different sandwiches.
4	We went there back when it first opened and man were the prices cheap! Sucks they had to raise them but that's life. The Monte Cristo was good, but unlike any other Monte Cristo I've had before. Instead of being "fried" and crispy, it was more just soggy. Still tasty, however, at least to me. Husband found it pretty gross. We also tried one of the more basic sandwiches. Delicious and perfect. Tomato soup was just average. I really need to make it back to try the mac and cheese Matt C. raves about. Overall this place is my style. Reasonable prices, independently owned, tasty creations, and an owner that seems to care. I look forward to seeing how this place evolves over time ! Who couldn't love a place that centers around the world's most perfect comfort food.
3	I went back to DGC and tried the Fireman's Something Something. It was good, but, again, nothing great or special. If you really like grilled cheese, check it our. Otherwise, I can't find anything super special about this place.Don't get me wrong, it's not bad. It's just OK.====================Here is a quick response to Michael P's comment:Hi Michael,Thank you for asking for more specifics regarding my disappointed with DGC.In reviewing my reviews, I agree that they are a bit anemic. Please allow me to adjust some elements..I do not dislike your food. You do deliver grilled cheese and other sandwiches. They are edible. The customer service is top notch, the tables are clean, the concept is perfect.When I take a bite of your sandwich, my eyes do not roll back in my head. That would be a five star review. When I bite into your sandwich, I don't think, "Oh man, I have to tell BLANK about this place." That would be a four star review. When I bite into your sandwich, I think, "Oh ...nice. Good bread, good cheese. Not bad." That is a three star review.Of course each review is independent of any other restaurant that I may have been to in the past. It is also just the review of one person. My taste are different from the other people who love DGC. I do not think these five star reviews are not valid. Different strokes for different folks. DGC just happens to not be my "cup-of-tea". Having said all that, I would love it if everyone in the Las Vegas Metro area visited DGC and had a wonderful experience. I think DGC scratches an itch in Las Vegas and people are going to love it. But you won't know unless you try it. I invite everyone to try it.
5	WOW!! I just ordered From Dads Grilled Cheese and it was AMAZIN!! I would have to give them props bc I got it delivered (thru road Runner who were also very fast and polite) So you know if it was delivered and it still taste good by the time it gets to you, your working with great food. I got the monte Cristo and its very very good along with the sassy both were awesome!!  and very well easy on price
4	On our way home from the Mandalay pool we couldn't decide what to eat and were driving the long way home, fortunately for us! We spotted DGC and I let the wifey know they had good reviews on Yelp and we decided to whip in and give it a try, we're glad we did!I got the Boxer, Philly cheese steak, and it was outstanding! I substituted mushrooms for the peppers and really liked the way the garlic mayo complimented the meat, goodies and that yummie hoagie bread. Personally I would've liked it a little larger but I'm not your average size human either.Wifey got the Executive, veggie sandwich, and added turkey to it. Instead of the Italian bread she had hers on healthy wheat stuff and it was fantastic! She really enjoyed her sandwich and the curly fries she ordered. For me the fries were the lackluster part of our DGC meal and only because they're your standard curly fries which I'm not a huge fan of, we'll try the onion rings next time.On another note the service we received from the cashier/waitress was excellent! Great personality and really made us feel welcome. The chef also came out to check on how our sandwiches were and to make us feel really welcome as well. The only problem I really have is the prices are a tad steep for me in reference to what you're getting. For 2 sandwiches an order of fries and a Coke it was $21.EDIT: Please read below as to explanation of why our experience was a bit on the pricey side, for my taste. Let me again reiterate that we had a great experience at DGC and will continue to go back in the future. And the steak sandwich was excellent :)
4	Third time's the charm. Ordered El Jeffe and it was awesome. The perfect mix of cheese, heat, and crunch. Onion rings are still great as well.I never remember this, but they give you a Hersey Kiss with your meal and it's a nice touch.
3	Who doesn't like grilled cheese? I think we all have fond memories eating this gooey goodness..I had so many expectations for this one of a kind restaurant. However, I was disappointed with the outcome. I ordered The Executive, which came with muenster cheese, avocado and grilled onions..I put some thought into what didn't work for me, and I can simply say there was no flavor to combine the ingredients. Also, the cheese wasn't gooey and melted, it HAD been melted and was just a coagulated clump by the time you bit into it.It could be the type of cheese or combination they are using.The curly fries on the flip side were abundant and nicely fried.I think I'll pass on this one though.. Too little time, too much to eat.
3	Who doesn't love a grilled cheese sandwich?  Not only does Dad's Grilled Cheese serve up these sandwiches, but their dinner menus offer up mac and cheese specials.* The Godfather "Thin cut salami drowned in a layer of melted mozzarella and provolone with peppercinis, on butter-glazed grilled Italian bread." ($5.99) - This was the Husband's choice and it had good flavor and lots of oozing cheese in it.  A decent choice for getting a taste of what Dad's Grilled Cheese is all about.  Our friend paid the two dollar extra for the GrandDad on this sandwich, which meant it was on a grilled French bread hoagie and more cheese and meat.  I'm not sure if it was worth a $8 sandwich.  * The Doctor "Colby Jack cheese melted over tuna salad nested on grilled wheat bread." ($4.69) - This was my choice, and probably not the best thing to try here.  It's a very standard tuna salad mix, so the sandwich is definitely lacking.  I wasn't too impressed.  It definitely needed some kick - seasoning or something.Service - once you put your order in, the staff brings your items to your table.  They also came by to check up on us and to clear the empty baskets.  So, it's almost full service except for the part where you order at the counter.  And you get a Hershey's kiss with your sandwich order too.Overall, we thought Dad's Grilled Cheese is a wonderful concept but we weren't as excited about our sandwiches as we hoped to be.  We found it to be a bit pricey for what you're getting, especially since they only opened in December and were considerably cheaper then.  Nonetheless, you have to love that they are bringing back grilled cheese sandwiches and mac and cheese dinners.Sidenote: Their 4:30 pm to 7:30 pm mac and cheese dinner specials include a $4.99 child's portion for those 12 and under.  It's $7.99 for the big kids!
3	The good and the bad... The bad part is easy to remedy. The extremely polite, cordial and friendly guy who brought me my food forgot to change his gloves from sweeping the floor and just brought my food to me, yuck! :( The onion rings are very good but when they're served with old, burnt fries in the basket with them it tends to detract from their goodness. 2 easy fixes that I hope they'll remedy.Outside of that the gentleman was very friendly to everyone he was interacting with and really seemed to enjoy his job. I ordered the Cowboy this time, Grand Dad style, and thought it was good but definitely not as good as the Boxer for my tastes. O rings were very good but I could do without the old burnt fires that accompanied them.If I were giving them a rating solely on the quality of the food it'd be 4 stars all the way, if not higher. But, not changing your cleaning gloves when serving food and the old fries kicked it down a bit.
3	If you are a fan of melted cheese and bread then you will go gaga for this place. With over a dozen sandwich choices and a create your own option you can't go wrong. I tried the Executive and it was delicious! Plus they have curly fries which are my all time favorite. The people were very nice and the food was good, can't beat that!
3	Went here and ordered the DJ which is kinda like a ruben. it was good but pretty greasy. Hubby had a classic American cheese on Texas toast. He loved it.The fries were good and the onion rings were a bit to greasy.Im sure I will come back again sometime.
5	Tried this place tonight.  Very delicious.  My wife and I both loved it.  I had the godfather and my wife had the teacher,  both very good.  Can't wait to go back and try more sandwiches.
5	The food is great at this place, but it's not the food that would make me want to fly back and visit as soon as I can... it's the people.We went in last week and we ordered the Count, the Doctor and the kid's (classic) Mac and Cheese. Everything was fantastic, the food was served hot and tasted delicious, the curly fries were cooked just to crispy, the onion rings were huge and fantastic and the mac and cheese was really REALLY good.The best part though, was that Dad was there. He had the karaoke machine fired up and his daughter sang us a few songs, we were invited to 'sing for our supper'-with a score of 95 or better on the automatic scoring machine-but since I have never tried sober karaoke, I wasn't about to try it when I was being graded.It was super fun, the people, the food, the atmosphere, it all really worked and we would love it if Dad want's to come and open one here in Seattle, we'll be the first regulars!
4	First let me say that management needs to give Monica a raise! This girl is fantastic. If you have the chance, ask her to explain the dessert. Her clear delight of this product will put a smile on your face! We found the restaurant to be clean with a nice decor. Nothing fancy here, just good ol' American food. The name is correct for the menu. All varieties of grilled cheese are offered. We tried three and all were plentiful on the cheese, and in some cases, meat. We tried one mac and cheese dish and it was very good. Not your baked mac and cheese but more of an Alfredo style mac and cheese. Onion rings are battered and tasted fresh. The dessert was made to order and worth a try. Service was a bit slow but worth it and, like I said above, Monica carried the day with her bubbly attitude.
3	It's okay.... It's a grilled cheese sandwich......  Employee was nice.
4	We came here for a small celebration dinner as we've been by before and it was closed (before they extended their hours). When we walked in, it felt like we had been transported to a small town restaurant found all over the USA. It was a bit past the dinner rush, so only a handful of tables were occupied. We were greeted right as we walked in by the owner. We had a few questions for him, and he was happy to answer. The wife had the Executive minus the fungi and I had the El Jefe (best grilled cheese concept ever). We also shared an order of the curly fries. We were both very satisfied with our sandwiches. The ingredients were fresh and they were cooked to perfection. The fries were a bit salty, but good otherwise. We happened upon DGC on a Karaoke night. One these select nights, if you can score a 95 on your first try of a song, you can get your meal free. We actually called a friend to tell her about this, and she came to join us with the hope of a free dinner. Alas, after all having our chance in the spotlight only performing to each other and the DGC staff, the three of us did not manage any scores near 95. As the restaurant at this time was empty, we managed to close out the evening with a few more Karaoke songs, and left shortly before close. The DGC staff was happy to humor us, and I think they enjoyed some of our horrendous (read: my horrendous) singing. This place feels really homey, and I know we will be back. With all honesty, I struggle with paying money for something I can make super cheap at home, but I do like to support the local small business, and I enjoy that I don't have to cook this comfort food sometimes. I now can't wait until my family comes back into town...my dad is going to love this place.
4	So far everything I have tried here I have gone home and attempteed to make myself. I sandwhich is alwaays better when someone else makes it. I love love love all the dad quotes on the wall, my dad definetly did say atleast half of that non sense, I could eat here all the time.. only problem with that is they close fairly early & last time i was there.. i get off work way too close to that time and cant make it so its a treat when i do
5	I'm happy that I decided to check this place out. The decor was really family friendly.My order was taken by Dad himself. He was such a nice person. I order the executive, curly fries, and a drink. I enjoyed every bit of it. The meal even came with a Hershey's kiss. I didn't get the see the karoeke because it started an hour later. But I would imagine it would've been lots of fun.This place is definitely worth checking out. It's off the strip so it's great for locals and it is cheap but very good food.I look forward to visiting again.
5	An eatery specializing in grilled cheese sandwiches: Simple, unheard of, and BRILLIANT!! After searching many reviews on Yelp for places to eat at on my next visit to Vegas, I came across a review for Dad's Grilled Cheese and thought to myself, "Arley, a restaurant that makes grilled cheese sandwiches. GO FOR IT!" So naturally, I brought my girlfriend and three of our friends to DGC this past weekend and I don't regret it!I ordered the El Jeffe, a sandwich with cream cheese, colby cheese, jalapenos, and frito chips stuffed inside. It freakin makes my mouth water just typing it out. Among the other sandwiches ordered was the Teacher (fried egg, chorizo, and cheddar), the Firefigher (basically a sourdough jack sandwich), the Executive (a vegetarian grilled cheese sandwich), and the Gardener (another vegetarian grilled cheese sandwich). I only tasted the Executive and the Teacher and believe me, I felt like my heart was going to bust out of my chest!Great concept and I bet it would be awesome as some type of hangover food, Dad's Grilled Cheese is officially now on my list of places to hit up while I'm in Vegas.
4	The atmosphere was very welcoming.  The menu is extremely large with plenty to try the next time you come back.  Check it out, great place for the family.
5	What a nice suprise!  I'm suprised that I have not seen or heard of any "grilled cheese" type of restaurant.  Great idea.  This was the first place that we discovered the first day of our trip.  It was close to the place that we were staying at.  We stumbled across it when we had to burn some time before checking in.  We were driving around looking for the hole in wall type places that we like to go to when we land in a new place.  It was open and spacious.  It seemed like a lot of locals go here.  We shared The Teacher with curly fries.  We had ours with chorizo.  I was expecting the sandwich to be greasy... grilled, chorizo and eggs.  But it was not at all.  It was perfect.
3	Huh. The name does indeed live up to the menu. Nothin but grilled cheese. Not a bad thing, and a good idea, but I think it could have been executed better. When I read "Gourmet Grilled Cheese" on the window, I had ecstatic visions of thick slices of hearty artisan bread, goat cheese, and heirloom tomatoes. Nope, just plain ole bread and plain ole cheese. *shrug* Guess I can't blame them for being exactly what they advertised, but I feel like the sandwiches we got could have easily been replicated in my home kitchen. Again, not bad, but certainly nothing to draw me back again.
4	Went here for lunch with my girlfriend and some of our friends. Me and my girlfriend ordered two executives (muenster, swiss and cheddar, grilled onions, mushrooms, avocado, and tomato) on sourdough, and I added turkey and bacon with mine (I forgot to add the fried egg!).  The bread was crispy, the mushrooms and onions were nice and grilled, and cheese made everything come together.Also, the cashier/server was awesome.  She made good recommendations and even saved me money when I was building my own sandwich by recommending I just adding toppings to one of their original sandwiches instead of creating my own.  The only negative thing was amount of fries they give you in an order, enough for one person but your stretching it for two.To do: Look at their wall to the left and see how many of those quotes your dad/parent has said to you.
3	The name, "Dad's Grilled Cheese" certainly does tell you what you're in for: grilled cheese sandwiches. I ordered the Godfather (Italian cheeses with salami and pepperoncinis); my companion ordered the Doctor (a tuna melt). Both sandwiches were hot and tasty, not greasy or soggy, with plenty of cheese and fillings.For dessert, we had a peanut butter Butter Boom, which was delicious.Unfortunately, what the place doesn't live up to is its chosen subtitle: a "gourmet delight." They make good, solid grilled cheese sandwiches, in almost every variety you can think of. They've got their version of the Reuben and Monte Cristo, for example. What they don't seem to have are varieties you haven't thought of, or anything that makes them particularly distinctive. The idea of a restaurant serving comfort food like grilled cheese is a nice gimmick, and that's what got us in the door. However, there's nothing they serve that we couldn't make at home. There's no special ingredients or unique combinations to make it actually worth the trip. If they even offered artisan breads, cheeses, or meats, that would warrant some attention; instead, it all seems to be stuff I could find in my fridge at home or pick up at Albertsons on the corner. I'd be surprised if anything in even their signature dessert, the Butter Boom, had been actually made on the premises.So it's a cute idea, and the actual food is prepared well enough that if I were in the area, I'd consider stopping in for lunch. But the execution is so pedestrian and unimaginative, I don't think I'll be making a special trip.Two stars for the actual restaurant, a third for making their limited, unimaginative menu at least tasty.
2	Umm good concept, but not gourmet! Friendly staff nice atmosphere but food was pretty disappointing except curly fries. They were fresh and delicious! Food was very plain and tasteless. My 11 year old whips up yummier tastier grilled chesses. It was plain plain plain. Not gourmet at all and 40 bucks for two drinks one order of curly fries , four sandwiches and and a soup it is overpriced! Not to mention soup was more like watery flavored cheese. I don't think I would be back only for curly fries, was disappointed with price and quality of food I forgot to try desert. Oh well lesson learned..
2	Had the godfather. Crisp bread but salami is inexpensive type. Hubby had firemen. Bread and bacon crisp, hamburger patty premade/prebought. Would have been better with fresh patty. Curly fries are good. Great and fast service.
1	OK saw something on TV that caught my eye, a grilled cheese place!!( nice little gimmick ) Who doesn't like grilled cheese, and everything on their menu sounded so good, so when i get there i order a Boxer ( Philly cheese steak sandwich) and a Made Man ( meatball grilled cheese sandwich ) the cashier was very nice and helpful but that really couldn't make up for having to wait over 45 minutes to get my sandwiches !!! I ask to get the sandwiches to go and after 45 minutes i finally get them, mind you the place is not overly busy this was about 1pm when i ordered.  So now i get home ready to try these 45 minute sandwiches and was EXTREMELY disappointed, the cheese steak has a paper thin layer of meat hardly any cheese at all and the meat was dry and the texture was one of BEEF JERKY absolutely unacceptable to me , the other sandwich wasn't bad at all  but after all i had to deal with it just wasn't up to par. So Bad Sandwich, long wait is really not my thing im actually kind of mad that i have to give it at least one star
1	Terrible..terrible...and terrible.  Who knows, their Grilled cheese sandwiches might be good, I'll never know.  I went there during lunch, and they were maybe just moderately busy, store was full, everyone already eating except for 2 tables.  2 people in front of me ordering their food for take out.  I made my order, and it took 45+ minutes, like other Yelpers have commented on.  Incredible!  Really? almost an hour to make me a grilled cheese sandwich?really?  a Grilled cheese sandwich? I don't think that even needs any more explaining.  If I owned this store, and I had something come up that would slow down my grilled cheese production severely, I would profusely apologize, perhaps offer a free fountain drink..a discount or something off the next visit...instead I left unhappy that I wasted my time and unhappy that I couldn't get a grilled cheese from a specialty grilled cheese store.  I told customers that were waiting that I was going to Jack in the box(near my office, for convenience, since I had to get back to work).  They followed me out, none of us are going back.if you REALLY want to try their food, call in, order about 30-40 minutes before going in, ask them exactly how long it'll take for the food to be ready...then you might not end up waiting like most do.
1	Came her during lunch. We came with 5 people and was expecting a quick lunch. The sandwiches didn't come out until 45 minutes later with each persons sandwich coming out every 5 minutes. I got the godfather, and it was a little greasy and salty. The curly fries weren't bad since it just came off the fryer. Overall, if you had nothing to do and could wait an hour for subpar sandwich, I would rate it a 5. Otherwise, I rate it a 1 star. We won't be coming back, especially for lunch.
3	I came to Dad' Grilled Cheese because 1. it is close to my work and I get a 30 minute lunch 2. I was boycotting my traditional packed lunch 3. I had a coupon for BoGo from my 2011 Entertainment book :) I reviewed the menu online, made my selection, and then drove down. Easily accessible, plenty of parking, not crowded in the building. Plus. I ordered from the girl at the counter who was very friendly. The Executive on Wheat and The DJ. I stepped back and waited for the food. And waited. Aaaand waited. About 25 minutes. There was no one in line and all people eating in seats had all their food. I text my boss that lunch would be longer than 30 min. Drove back to the office in a hurry. Analysis, The DJ This sandwich has a lot of flavor, but I felt it needed more. It was too skinny, needed STUFF! More meat, more kraut, more cheese! Analysis, The Executive Bland. Here's why: 3 kinds of cheeses, Avocado, Lettuce, Tomato, mushrooms and onions. GREAT ingredients but no one is really sanding out from the crow to hog the flavor attention! It also needed salt, and I'm a HUGE under-salter. My family complains, that's how little I salt. What that party needed was a strip or two of bacon. Now that would have been killer! I might come back, but I will pre-order over the phone and try different sandwiches.
1	My experience here was horrible. We drove by this place many times over the last couple months, and we finally decided to give it a try. We ordered the DJ, and the cowboy. Just two sandwiches... seems pretty simple right?45 minutes later, still no food. I walked up to the cashier and before I could even say anything, I could tell by the look on his face that he knew I had waited too long, and that this was a recurring problem. I asked him where my food was. He checked the ticket, and he told me they hadn't even started cooking it yet! I immediately asked for a refund and left.
3	I stopped into this place the last time I was in town after reading about it on Yelp.  It is in a strip shopping center with plenty of parking and on a main road so it was easy to find.  The interior isn't what I expected----a bit more industrial and unfinished than I was expecting but it was relatively clean.  The cashier (you order at the counter) told us before ordering that there was a "delay" in the kitchen and it would be at least 20 minutes to get our order.  To his credit he did warn us although I think it took 30 minutes for our 2 sandwiches and fries.  I tried the Tuna Melt and my friend the version with Chorizo and both came out hot, crunchy and just the right amount of cheese (not overly "cheesed-up").  We tried the regular fries and they were good but nothing special.  And that pretty much summed up the place-----good but nothing special and definitely not worth waiting 30 minutes for so I'm not sure I'd go here again.  Good concept but probably needs some work on the delivery.
3	I hate to knock it down, but unfortunately I can't come here anymore. Due to my new vegan diet, it's a bit difficult to go out to eat. I thought Dad's Grilled Cheese would be an exception since they offer soy cheese. I'm sorry to say that their soy cheese contains casein (they told me it's Trader Joe's brand, and we went there after lunch because the "cheese" was so delicious) which makes it not vegan. Not fun and really disappointing and I kind of feel sick. Matt and I came here around 1 PM and he ordered his grilled cheese, and I ordered my Apprentice with whole wheat, soy cheese, mushrooms and onions. We also got an order of curly fries to share. 15 minutes later our food came out and mine was without onions or mushrooms but they didn't charge us for them so I ignored it and just ate. The soy cheese was a little too convincing and now I know why, uggh. The curly fries were good as always. Something in the air has just seemed to change with Dad's. It wasn't the usual happy, upbeat joint. Something seemed... off. Maybe everyone was having a bad day or whatever but it just doesn't seem the same. It's a shame that this place can no longer be our anniversary joint, but I guess that's how the cookie crumbles.****UPDATE****This is what I sent to the manager after his comment. I hope it clarifies my review. ------------------------------------------------It was too convincing because casein is not vegan and that is one of the ingredients in the soy cheese you use. Casein comes from milk and vegans abstain from all dairy. (Learn more about it here: http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-casein.htm) Unfortunately a lot of true vegan cheese does not taste the way the soy cheese did which is why I thought something was off at first bite because it tasted like real cheese. If you actually want a vegan option for your restaurant (which that is up to you), I would highly suggest Daiya although for now it only comes in a grated form, not slices, but it is by far the best "cheese" and it doesn't come from soy either (I know a lot of people who can't have soy in their diets so this would be the best alternative). Rice Vegan makes cheese slices and I made a grilled cheese with them for lunch today and it's just not good. I would highly suggest Daiya, and Earth Balance "butter" if that is what you use on the outside of the bread. Both of these can be found at Sunflower Market (cheapest) or Whole Foods at Town Square. The only reason I'm bringing this up is because I've seen a lot of reviews on your restaurant around the internet saying that vegans can come here because there is a soy cheese option, but that isn't the case. I know that this is my lifestyle - I wouldn't review a steak house 1 star because they don't cater to my needs. I thought with the soy cheese option that you offer that you did cater to a vegan lifestyle, but with the ingredients in it you only cater to a lactose-intolerant one which is totally fine, but the vegans of Vegas and beyond need to be informed. I should have clarified in my review that it was the overall tone of the restaurant and customer service that attributed to my 3 star review, not just the lack of options for my lifestyle. 3 stars is still an A-OK rating but I can see why you would take issue to it. I still implore you to consider making a true vegan and lactose-intolerant friendly option to your menu, but that is up to you. Thank you for your time and your comment.
4	Comfort food extraordinaire!Made the long drive from the other corner of the valley with some friends to try out this unique sounding place.  Wasn't disappointed.It's a straightforward place, with a clean diner feel to it.  Reminds me a bit of Ben's Chili Bowl in DC.  I got The Boxer, which is their excellent take on the Philly cheesesteak.  It was the best cheesesteak I've had in years.  Curly fries were perfectly cooked.  All washed down with a fountain soda.If you're coming here for gourmet in the sense of exotic breads and cheeses,  you will be disappointed.  This place keeps it simple.  They have many cool variations on the grilled cheese, but the ingredients are straightforward home-style goods and they don't skimp on anything.  Take a peek at the menu to see if it might be your thing.
4	Since we were meeting friends later, the missus and I took this to go.Gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches.  There's a potential market for everything, isn't there?  But the concept was compelling and unique, so why not try it out?I tried the "Firefighter", with angus beef, and it was a good, cheesy sandwich.  The food options look good, and are going to have to warrant further dining exploration.I tried some of their mac n cheese, the one with the garlic sauce.  One of the cooks asked how I wanted it, and I was initially confused.  He then explained that it had levels, which again puzzled me.  Spice levels are usually reserved for hot wings, right?  I tried "medium", and while it was good, I think the spice overpowered the flavor just a little.  It was still tasty enough, but there was that "but" factor to it.I can't have a big "but" in my macaroni, you know?  I think it explains itself.The servers said it was a shame that we weren't staying, which I have to agree.  This is meant to be more of a sit-down experience, in my opinion.  There's also a karaoke machine on weeknights that if you hit in the high 90% rate, you get your meal comped.  I know a few tunes in which I could destroy, so I may have to attempt that.The food was great, the people were nice, the concept is different enough to warrant further exploration.  I'll be coming back.
3	As an avid grilled cheese fan, I was quite excited to learn about this little strip mall establishment. I ventured there one late afternoon in the middle of the week.Good thing I am such a grilled cheese fan as the wait was ridiculous. There were maybe 4 other people in the place, but it was almost an hour before my El Jeffe finally made it to my booth. And that was only after they attempted to deliver me someone else's sandwich first.As a side, I opted for the curly fries. Also being a big fan of dipping sauces, I ordered one of each of their dipping sauces. When my food I arrived, I had to again ask for the dipping sauces and wait another 15 minutes for them.Well, the dipping sauces weren't worth the wait, but the sandwich certainly was. Based on food alone, this place would earn another star or maybe even two. But I just can't forget about the service / long wait.
1	Only 3 customers in the establishment, 30 minutes wait after we ordered. Grilled cheese sandwich was burned. Fries were over cooked. Will not be coming back. The cook was horrible
3	I was pretty impressed with what I ate:~I ordered the Firefighter........Burger patty, bacon, cheddar, lettuce, tomato, and special sauce on sourdough.  It reminded me of a Frisco Burger that I've eaten in other joints (i.e. Claim Jumper).  A grilled cheese?.......not so much, but still mouth watering GOOD!~Curly Fries........always a favorite of mine! ~My husband ordered the Teacher.......Cheddar, fried egg, and bacon on wheat.  He too mentioned that it really wasn't a "grilled cheese" but rather a damn good breakfast sandwich!  I tried it........it definitely was YUM!~We also shared a griddle toasted chocolate pound cake filled with a peanut butter cream cheese and covered in chocolate sauce and Reese peanut butter chips.  A nice way to finish the meal for sure!~Clean establishment, lots of variety and a friendly staff.~I'd have probably given it 4 stars but was kinda disappointed that it really wasn't a "GRILLED CHEESE."  The cheese that WAS on it felt more like an accessory and not the focal point that I was expecting.  =(
3	This place is hit or miss. I went there both times because I had BOGO coupons. The prices are slightly high for what you get, since the sandwiches are on regular loaf sandwich bread. The first time I went there I ordered the El Jefe. I was actually quite a fan of that sandwich. It was quite spicy and had a good texture with the fritos laid inside. I think I would have preferred it on some specialty spread or even a strudier slice. The second time I came here I got take out.and ordered The Executive. This time I wasn't as fond of my choice. Both my guy's sandwich (The Doctor) and mine hadn't been grilled nearly enough and all the cheese was still in whole grated slices on my sandwich. I was forced to nuke mine for a minute or two long just to get the cheese melted half way decently and that ended up ruining my sandwich because of all the other ingredients. Definitely a bummer. I only ate half my sandwich and thew the other half away, blah. The wait is often a little longer than I would expect for a grilled cheese, so be patient if you go.The food is good, but a few small changes in the right direction could take these sandwiches to a whole other level.
4	My mother had a coupon to try this place out one evening. I'm glad we went for an early dinner because it was a pretty heavy dinner for a grilled cheese sandwich. Nothing is simple here. After looking at the menu for over 5 minutes trying to decide on which one to order the owner, also known as "dad", helped me out with the spicy choice. the el jeffe. colby cheese, jalapenos, cream cheese, and corn chips. I opted to put it on wheat bread instead of white to try and be a little healthy. My mom ordered their popular, the count, sandwich. a monte cristo. we shared an order of onion rings.about 5 to 7 minutes later our food came out. I'm glad we didn't have to wait too long because i was starving. I was impressed with mine. I will be honest i was a little iffy about the cream cheese, but to my surprise it turned out excellent. My mom said her monte cristo was alright, but to here nothing can compare to the monte cristo they serve at disneyland inside the blue bayou. She tried mine and happened to really dig it.We ended up taking some of our sandwiches home because they were so heavy. good, just greasy. the onion rings were okay. nothing that blew us away on a basic food. go for the grilled cheeses. try building you're own too!they also have karaoke. if you sing and receive a 95 or better you re entire check is free. what is better?I'm pretty sure I'll be back to try another grilled cheese masterpiece (maybe with some soup for the cold winter days!) and sing my little heart out.
5	I only hope that the owner of this place has set aside enough to get through the first year when people are still trying to fin this place.  I hope he stays true to his original vision and keeps producing quality gooey sticky grilled cheese sandwiches.
