4	Hy-Vee is an employee owned 24 hour grocery store common in the southern midwest. They recently came to Madison, and my wife & I explored the store on opening day. It seems to be a slightly more upscale Woodman's, with comparable selection & pricing, but a bit more focus on organic & ethnic foods.The parking lot is so big they were offering shoppers parked at the back of the lot a golf cart ride up to the door. There are multiple bicycle racks. Despite the size, it was absolutely packed.The main entrance consists of multiple glass doors, & my first impression upon entering was of an airport lobby. It's a huge warehouse with very high ceilings & bright lighting; everything is in light, neutral colors, adding to the feeling of open, airy space. Large, easy to read signs with solid, physical lettering hang over each major department, while smaller signs mark each aisle. On the left of the front doors is a cafeteria with plenty of seating & free Wi-Fi that serves Italian & Chinese food; further in is the Deli, which takes up the majority of that wall. The back corner is the Bakery, then the Butcher follows the back wall. To the right of the entry is a Caribou Coffee kiosk, then the service desk, on-staff Dieticians, & finally the Pharmacy. A large doorway on the far right wall, next to the Pharmacy, leads into the Wine & Spirits department. In between all that, the interior of the store is taken up by aisle upon aisle of groceries, including health food, bulk grains, magazines & housewares.We hit Caribou Coffee first. They have a couple small tables & a barrel of plastic cup holders that go on your cart. The prices compare to other area coffee shops, but the staff was slow & inexperienced, and the drinks were so-so. They tried to blend my iced chai latte; I'm not sure whether that's a peculiarity of how Caribou Coffee makes iced drinks, or if the employee (I can't call her an actual barista) who made my drink was just confused. The chai itself had a pleasant cinnamon flavor, but lacked the more complex spicing of good chai. My wife ordered plain coffee, which was bitter & lacking in flavor. The experience was acceptable for a quick caffeine fix while shopping, but I don't think they'll be taking any customers away from the far superior Steep & Brew Express across the street.Next we split a tray of duck in black pepper sauce from the cafeteria. I thought it was a touch light on the meat, which isn't uncommon for Chinese food, but it was pretty tasty. Though again I don't think it will be taking any business away from local restaurants, it's certainly more than adequate to nosh on during a long day of shopping.As we explored the rest of the store, I tried to keep two main criteria in mind: selection & price. Hy-Vee definitely gets high marks on selection. Though they don't carry my preferred brand of a couple items, it's a huge store, & overall they have everything you could realistically expect to find, generally in numerous different brands & flavors. The only store in the area that might beat their overall selection is Woodman's; but when it comes to ethnic & organic foods, I'd give Hy-Vee the edge.The issue of price is more complex. Hy-Vee is comparable to Woodman's, but some items cost significantly more or less, so which store will be cheaper for you may depend on your diet. For example, milk is ungodly expensive, with the regular brands ranging from 2.49 to nearly 4 per gallon. At 1.89, Hy-Vee's store brand milk is the only one with a realistic price. I have to assume that either they jacked up the price of the other brands so shoppers would purchase their store brand, or these prices were set by clueless out of state managers who forgot they're opening a branch in the Dairy State. Their produce, on the other hand, is very affordable & also of much better quality than anything Woodman's has carried in years. It seemed like nearly half the items in the store were marked at reduced prices, though, & there's no telling how common sales will be after the opening day promotions end. Of course, if your main concern is overall savings, there's still no beating Aldi's, which is right next door. Hy-Vee does have a few store brand items priced lower, but on most items Aldi's is still the cheapest game in town.Being opening day, the shelves were very well stocked, the place was clean, & every employee was working. Staff was everywhere, greeting you every time they passed. Every. Single. Time. Friendly service is one thing, but there's a point at which it just becomes distracting. This should be less of an issue once they settle in. It's worth noting that every manager I saw except one was thirty-something, white & male. I got the impression the blue-collars were hired locally, but many of the managers were brought in from out of state. Whether they're staying or if they're just here to oversee the opening remains to be seen.
4	This would be the grocery store if Cub foods and Copps had a baby. The produce seems excellent and overall the prices arn't too bad. Not as low as Woodmans but definitely lower then Copps.  Its the complete opposite of Woodmans whereas its clean, well lit, shelves faced, and staff seems friendly. They have a decent deli/kitchen where you can grab something to eat and have a caribou coffee which is the first one in the Madison area that I know of.The liquor store prices seem a little high but they have an excellent selection of...everything. Overall worth checking out....A viable option to get your weekly groceries.  And you don't have the feeling like you have to wash your hands after you get done shopping (Woodmans).
4	We stopped at the new Hy-Vee on our way to Door County to pick up some treats to take to our friends. We were blown away by the store and the employees. The store reminded us of a very upscale grocery store we visited in Birmingham Alabama, but the prices were a lot lower and more inline with Madison prices. The deli is more like a restaurant and deli combination. We had breakfast there and were impressed with the food, real plates and silverware. Not gourmet food, but very good for the price. The deli had lots of items for you to take home and re-heat if you do not like cooking. We picked up some rye bread that was very good and flavorful. All the bakery items looked good and they had a very large selection. The meat we picked up was some of the best we had, an opinion shared by our friends too. The bacon-wrapped steaks were priced very well and were very good, lean and flavorful. I grilled them and you could cut them with a fork. We will be back for those for sure. We also picked up a pork loin and I did that in the oven on a bed of fresh apples, then finished off with a local Door County sauerkraut. It was some of most flavorful, lean and best pork loin I can remember having. Again, the price was reasonable. I hope the great selection of fine meat was not just an opening week trick to get us to come back, but I do not think so. The butcher seamed real proud of his department. They did not have any veal yet, something this Italian Swiss sometimes has a hard time finding in Madison. The butcher said they would be getting some in soon. I will be back soon to get some. Overall, we were impressed with the store. It is a very good addition to Madison.
4	What an improvement to the Madison grocery shopping experience!  Good selection of produce, reasonable prices and every 'extra' you could ask for- full eat-in options as well.  Not sure I'd do that, but I could get hungry shopping, I suppose!  Their salad bar is very well stocked and there's even a full olive bar- yum!  Prices are competetive- much better than Copp's and a little more than Woodman's on some things, but their store brands are as good as if not better than the Roundy's version at Copps.  I am still impressed that the staff seem genuinely friendly and not at all unhappy to be working there- I'll take the Midwestern/Iowa mentality toward customer service any day of the week.  See ya, Copps, see ya Pick n Save- Woodman's- I think we should see other people for a while, just to see how it goes.  Hello, Hy-Vee!
1	Maybe it was a bad day.  There must have been a hundred employees running around the store, but there was only one cashier on full service, a cashier who had plainly just been trained.  She should have had a manager bagging for her to help out ; instead she had to keep calling for help.  As a result, even though she was already in the process of checking out the customer before me when I got in line, it took about fifteen minutes before I walked out with my thirteen items.  Fortunately the ones she undercharged me for more or less made up for the ones on which I was overcharged.There certainly is a lot of stuff here.  Other people I know say the to-go counters are pretty good.  Lots of frills, like a dietitian and clubhouse and pharmacy.  The selection of actual groceries is average, below average for produce.   Prices:  not as good as Woodman's or Trader Joe'sProduce:  not as good in quality as Willy Street Co-op, Jenifer Street Market, or Trader Joe'sVeggie options:  a limited selection in the health food department, with prices on the steep sideTo-go counters:  looked fresh and pretty good, but I didn't see anything vegetarian there so I passed on themBakery:  looked okay, but the items I wanted came only in plastic multi-packs, so I passed on this too
5	Woodman's = Dirty, bad produce... oh, and now no mental health coverage for employeesTrader Joe's = Limited selections & everything prepackaged, frozen. No fresh selection for meats, etc.Willy St. = Membership? No thanks.Jenifer St. Market = Limited selectionWhole Foods = Way too expensive, and not incredibly better by any means.Copps comes close, but haven't been able to find several items that I have been able to find at Hy-VeeHy-Vee has everything and then some. The staff has always been extremely helpful. I have found things there that I have been unable to find elsewhere in Madison. The place is clean, accessible, and I'm willing to pay a bit more for the convenience of being able to get everything I need in one stop. That's something that can't be said for some of the places I've mentioned above. Totally forgot to mention that it's 24 hours...Obeseiogenic society? Go home dude...
3	Obeseiogenic societies rock my world.  I didn't see any super obese people at Hyvee like one of the other reviewers mentioned, but if I did I would be really excited because that really turns me on.  What I saw was a healthy mix of all types of people in all different types of shapes, sizes, and colors.  Hyvee is AOK.  Well lit, clean, and yes, the employees are very nice.  Is that because the store is brand new?  Maybe.  They have organic fruit and veggies at lower prices than other competitors, is that because the store is brand new?  Yeah probably.  But it beats driving all the way down town to Whole Foods or Willy St Co-op and paying eight thousand times more for the same thing and putting up with cashiers who clearly think everyone is beneath them.  My biggest complaint was the bag of shelled pumpkin seeds I bought.  When I got home I started eating them, but stopped abruptly when I read the back label and saw that they were imported from China.  I immediately power washed my lead-poisoned mouth and begged for mercy, that's mercy, not m-e-r-c-u-r-y.  My only other complaint were the bathrooms.  Some peeps around the Yelp community say I'm obsessed with going to the bathroom.  I've even gotten some hate mail, (I love you too hunny bunny.)  Well I don't deny it.  I'm older now, and I wanna go in nice, clean bathrooms!  The bathrooms at Hyvee are filthy, have broken faucets, and empty paper towel dispensers.  It's like going back in time to 3rd grade, and all the toilets are clogged and overflowing and somebody went spastic with the toilet paper in an attempt to redecorate the walls and flooring.       In conclusion my friends, despite not seeing any Obeseiogenic people that I could hug and squeeze and call George, Hyvee is just fine for your shopping needs.  xxxooo
4	Stopped in to try the food court. Grabbed a salad bar and slices of pizza to go.  For two, the tab was $11.50 (awesome.)  Salad bar was very presentable, tasted fresh and crisp.  BBQ chicken Pizza slice was a little greasy, but still tasty.  Would definitely stop in for a meal to go again.I hear they have a pretty good on-staff dietician too.  Haven't grocery shopped there yet, but you can tell they take time for presentation and cleanliness.
5	Love this store.  Their Seafood & Meat counters are awesome.  Produce dept. is good.  Can find items such as FRESH Kale, not bagged, chopped.  Even found Blood Oranges there once.  Heirloom tomatoes.  Yummy!  WAY better than Woodmans, but then that isn't very hard to do.  The staff are friendly, and helpful.  This has become our favorite grocery store.
5	I LOVE Hyvee it was the best thing to happen to the East Side .. They have healthy food, the staff is super friendly.. I am a vegetarian they have a long list of foods and healthy frozen entrees, they have an array of juices and smoothies and they carry my favorite fig and walnut yogurt (its in that healthy section) .. and there is always wine on sale!
5	The English-Toffee cookies from the bakery are probably the greatest things I have ever eaten. Also, the kale I bought was fresh and delicious. But the cookies are far more important...and they have a giant wine selection. Which is also very important.
3	My pick for grocery stores on the east side. I think it's funny that stripped the old K-mart and left the old concrete floor with some patches. Ghetto! But it's really clean and has an open-feel.The organization here is weird. I can never find things where I expect them to be. And - I'm kind of good at that. Maybe it's an Iowa thing?They might have the biggest deli in the country. I can't wait to get the all-you-can eat wristband. And they'll cater your wedding. Win?
5	One liner:  GREAT employees!I love shopping at Hyvee, mostly because it is clean and I can always find what I want.  They have a wonderful fresh meat counter and an excellent selection of good veggies and fruits.The BEST thing about Hyvee?  Everyone is super friendly!  Best part of this?  I recently left my purse in the coffee shop there and they called to tell me they had it locked up and I could get it when I came back in. Not only were they trustworth (nothing missing), but they had to sift through the major mess in my purse to find me!  Sue, the Caribou Coffee Shop manager is AWESOME.What could Hyvee do better on?  They could have a larger natural/organic/health food area, but that isn't their primary gig.  Additionally, I have found cheaper prices elsewhere on some things, but Hyvee does compete pricewise for the most part.Additionally, other reviews commented that they didn't like "this" or "that" about Hyvee.  If it is something in their control, ask them to make a change for you.  Ask them to order something. Ask them and hopefully they can make it happen for you (except for the live lobsters, apparently).I am a Hyvee faithful.
2	I am very particular with customer service. Being "born and bred" in retail, i expect great results.My first visit to HYVEEs was on March 20th,2011, accompanied by my 79 yr old mother and my 21 yr old son. I was actually excited and the chef in me is always pursuant to great finds.Upon entering I came into the produce department.  Seemed to be a nice selection but the prices were scary. Not entirely the retailers fault i am sure.We perused the isles for items that were needed at my mom's request, and I must say the demographics are not very easily navigated.I did alot of pricing comparisons also, and I must say there were few deals to be found if any. Especially on SEAFOOD. wow they were way overpriced.The worst part of our experience was when my mom needed to purchase a Cranberry Juice. We entered the food isle where the juice was located and there were two employees, one holding a device, chatting about work. My mom was having a hard time locating a Cranberry Juice Only Brand. I was trying to help and the horrible thing is, is that this woman employee (the other employee had moved on at this time) heard us in our plight and was standing no more than 4 feet from us, and never acknowledged or asked if we needed assistance after at least a full three minutes of our obvious scanning back and forth amongst  the shelves.That was just plain bad customer relation. I realize grocery stores are not a typical full service establishment, but she did work for HYVEE, not a scanner from an outside company.  She could have assisted or been aware and at least said something.I never experienced one employee during my visit who smiled or looked the least bit friendly. It would have been nice to at least get a "hello"  somewhat like the HYVEE commercial portrays. I won't be back for the reasons of way overpricing and lack of customer service. Many other places offer both.
3	So one morning I woke up at 4:30am for no particular reason, only to remember that I had no cereal left for breakfast.In comes Hy-Vee, which is open 24 hours (this automatically makes it awesome)!Hy-Vee definitely exceeded my expectations of it - it is located in a bizarre, not particularly nice area - and I really appreciated how brightly lit and spacious  their parking lot was at 4:30 in the morning.I realize that I ventured here on an "off-time" - but I found the spacing of the store to be generous, and I was immediately greeted when I entered the store. It was clean (again, I was here probably not long after they cleaned the place), and I quickly found what I needed, and even felt the need to wander around for a bit more after. The bakery looked nice, they had just stocked the doughnut area, and that all looked nice.I was the only person checking out when I did, but the cashier was super friendly - he did not make me feel like I was a pain in the ass for shopping at 4:30 in the morning, which was what I was expecting.I'd definitely come here again, especially during bizarre hours like I did this past time - if it was the closet grocery store to me, I would not think twice about making it my regular shopping place.
5	Never having been to Wisconsin, I was pleasantly surprised to find this clean, spacious and well organized store. Virtually a one-stop shop for all your grocery needs with a number of "bonus" points including a photo lab, US Postal Service, wine & spirits, bulk foods, Caribou Coffee counter, hot food & deli, plus a drive-thru pharmacy. They even had some Badger gear. If I wasn't in such a hurry to catch a plane i could have spent the whole afternoon there.
3	Decent grocery store with a wide selection of prepared foods although I would stay away from the Chinese section.  Prices are comparable to prices in PA so they aren't that great but they do have a goid cheese selection and the rotisserie chicken is pretty good.  They also have bulk foods and health foods sections.
4	Really good lunch buffet...and they have a military discount. Lots to choose from. Big drink selection, generous portions, can't expect much more from a grocery store. The chinese food is delicious and the fish buffet is very delish. Of coure, I am mainly reviewing the buffet, but there was a helpful smile in every aisle...that's for sure.
5	Of all the grocery stores in Madison, this is my favorite to go to. It doesn't always have the best prices; however, if you're paying attention they've generally got great deals on a lot of items.Overall, though, the store is clean, well-lit, the staff is extremely friendly and helpful, and almost anything you could need grocery-wise can be found here. I especially enjoy their produce section. It's also easy to navigate, and if you can't figure out where something should be, there's usually someone around to point you in the right direction.
2	I originally reviewed Hy-Vee based on their first day open. Now that the new car smell has faded, how have they stood up to over a year of regular grocery shopping?In a word... Meh.The staff is no longer particularly helpful; you have to go out of your way to flag someone down if you have a question. The selection is decent, but not as good as it first appeared. The kitchen now charges extra if you want rice -- just plain white rice -- with your hot Chinese food. Worst of all is their dishonest pricing policies. I can't count the number of times I've seen a big sale price sign for one thing placed over a different, more expensive item, or an item marked at, say, 2.99 one day, and literally the very next day marked with "price decline" at 3.99.It's not a bad grocery store... But why come here when there's a much wider selection and lower prices just 2 minutes away at Woodman's?
5	This is the best grocery experience anyone could ask for. If you can't find a product you want, they'll order it for you. They also have an entirely separate health food section, as well as bulk items priced by weight. Clean spacious aisles, and friendly employees in abundance.Also accepts EBT
4	Awesome grocery store. Kind of like a Wegman's if you've ever been to one. The produce was incredibly fresh and the takeout food is perfect. The takeout Chinese food is some of the best!
5	My weekly pilgrimage to Hy-Vee keeps my household well stocked in produce, meat, other foodstuffs, and beer.  After not finding a helpful smile in any aisle in 5 years of living away from the midwest, Hy-Vee is a refreshing welcome home. I convinced myself for a few weeks that Hy-Vee was more expensive than other area grocery stores, but after watching receipts for a few months, Hy-Vee is definitely comparably priced, and a much friendlier environment.  The produce is always fresh, the store is clean and well maintained, and the guys in the liquor store are friendly!  Actually, everyone I've interacted with is friendly. The butchers have advised me on cuts of meat a few times, the deli-ers (is there a better name for this? probably!) are fast and accurate, and again, the liquor store staff have always been willing to help me pick out a few new beers.  It's good for me (new beers!), it's good for them (doubles my purchase!), and it's good for my liver (well....).  There are also occasionally tastings, so hey! Free beer at 10am? That will keep me coming back.
4	(3.5) ~ Good Conventional Grocery Store
5	This is a very nice Hyvee witha large selection, although it could have more organic fruits. There is a nice bulk section here, too.The hot foods area features all you can eat chinese food for a great price- much cheaper than going to a chinese buffet- seven days a week.It would be nice if there were a Midwest Heritage branch in here, but there is not.
3	Blargh.Here's the deal. I dig the employee owned thang. I did the fact that it's HUGE. I dig the beer selection over there in alcohol land. But I can't get over the fact that everytime I check out, it's sort of a mess. Either things get rung up incorrectly, or I need a sup to scan some liquor... everything is fine and dandy as I navigate the aisles, but once you reach that front end, it's like a cornucopia of randomness where sometimes unfriendly checkers are slow as molasses, I wind up paying more because things don't ring up right, an the entire process takes too long for my tastes given the fact that most cashiers are working their first job (aka under age) and need an adult to scan my beer/wine/port/vodka. I think moving forward I'll just eye a lane that I'm certain will be easy-peasy. That exists, right?
5	HyVee is a wonderful place. It is an employee owned, friendly environment. I grew up with the HyVee jingle, "where there's a friendly smile in every isle", and I can tell you, there really is!Things I love about HyVee, - Great selection of delicious produce and fresh meats- Very helpful and friendly staff who are knowledgeable. This is especially true of their liquor department.- The have great proprietary stuff. I actually like the HyVee brand items. - This location has a good organic and local selection. They try to highlight the local produce.- It is always clean and easy to navigate.The only downfall I can think of is that some items (organic foods) will be slightly more expensive than somewhere like Wal-Mart or Woodman's. However, the ease of shopping, helpful smiles, and delicious food are what keep me coming back.ALSO, I noticed the hours are wrong. HyVee is open 24 hours.
3	Plentiful, agreeable staff to help you locate items.   Their "HyVee"  brand is a good choice if you are on a budget.
5	I love Hy-Vee, great produce selection, helpful employees. Local food abound. Lots of natural and organic goodies. I have found some fun new gluten-free and vegan products here first even before Willy-Street coop carries them! AND they offer a discount on ALL natural food items on Thursdays, AND it is employee owned! The store is nicely lit, clean, and organized... really I could keep gushing.
4	So I want to give you 5 stars, but wow you are expensive.Ok, so you run good deals, but it is hit and miss.  There is no reason that you are SO pricey.  I love your produce section but it is not SO outstanding that you can charge $3 for a cantaloupe.  Alas, I will wait until I win the lottery to shop there regularly.  I do appreciate that they have a great bakery section and a wide variety of products.  If there is something you need (and willing to pay), then this is your place!  Now that the hard part is over, let's talk all the goodness!Their hot food section is stupendous!  No one can touch it.  Need a quick dinner?  They have take and bake pizza, hot food to pick-up and a deli.  You can eat it in for special all you can eat deals or take home.  They run sales on this as well.  In Madison good Chinese is hard to find.  It is surprising that some of the better Chinese I have had is in a grocery store.  There are also sales that they run at the hot food counter.Hyvee our love/hate relationship will have to continue.  I love your Chinese food, but I hate your prices.
4	I grew up in Iowa and never truly appreciated how lucky I was to have such a great grocery store chain to shop at. When I moved here to Madison, I couldn't believe how awful the stores were. Copps, Cub Foods, and Woodman's? Terrible. Seriously. Now, don't get me wrong - I love Trader Joe's and the Co-op, but I can't afford to shop there all the time. I need a good store with quality produce, meat, pizza, baked goods, and a good selection of booze - Hy-Vee is that store.Other positives: the store is well lit, clean and organized, properly staffed (this is huge), has a nice health market, and even their deli and chinese food is tasty. Cheap and tasty breakfast, too.Oh, how could I forget... they have pretty darn good donuts. Maybe it is just because I grew up with them and they taste exactly like I remember, but when they are fresh in the morning they are pretty fantastic. I would probably stick with the standard glazed or chocolate, but the rest are decent as well. Good stuff!
5	I've only been to a Hy-Vee grocery store twice, once in Minnesota and once in Madison, WI, and I have to say, I wish this was my local grocery store. I have not had the chance to spend enough time in one of these stores. Everything, from the amazing organic sections to the great store brand products, makes me want to be able to shop here every day. This location has an especially amazing cheese section, naturally. Though the pharmacy wasn't open at the time, it seemed like a great place to fill prescriptions. The pharmacy area was clean and equipped with a roomy little waiting area. There was even an area where you could speak with a dietician, something every pharmacy needs, especially at the grocery store. I found it amazing that the store was open from 6am-5:30am the next day. I'm hoping this chain makes its way over to the east coast.
3	FLORAL DEPARTMENT:We had the flowers for our wedding done at HyVee and could not be happier with how they turned out.  We worked with Gina and she did a great job of helping us select what we wanted and the flowers turned out absolutely spectacular.  Our original plan for centerpieces fell through so two days before the wedding I called Gina to ask if she could set aside some bunches of random flowers (they didn't have to be arrangements, just whatever flowers she could scrounge up). I knew it was last minute and too late to order something, so I told her I didn't care what color or style they were, I would take whatever they had.  Gina went above and beyond to pick out and set aside flowers that matched our colors and style and as a result our centerpieces were beautiful.  And they were good quality- they lasted more than a week past the wedding. We would highly recommend Gina for any wedding or event flowers!!Our only criticism is that they are not very flexible for people who have regular day jobs.  Typically their consultants for weddings are only available on weekdays until 4pm, which makes it nearly impossible for people with jobs to meet with them.  We lucked out and managed to get an appointment on a Saturday, but my understanding is that is a rare occurrence- and they called to change our appointment a couple of times because they realized they weren't going to have a consultant available. The other issue is that they do not give you a price estimate right away- we had to wait over a week for it to be emailed to us, and when it was past the date we were supposed to get it, I called to ask about it and was very rudely told "We're busy, yesterday was Mother's Day, you know."  I get that's a busy day, but we were supposed to have the estimate a few days BEFORE mother's day and if we're spending several hundred dollars on flowers, I would hope they could be a little more accommodating. Luckily the price turned out to be very reasonable and much cheaper than other florists, but I wasn't happy that we had to wait so long just for an estimate.
4	Hyvee feels clean and fresh, and I like the layout.  I often stop here when I only need a few items and don't want to bother with Woodman's.  Hyvee produce is usually good, except for the time I got home and found my strawberries were already fuzzy! I like the bulk and natural sections.  Liquor department doesn't have the offerings of Woodmans, but then again, who does?  Bakery also tasty, and deli nice too.So there isn't really a helpful smile in every aisle, but a time or two I needed to ask an employee for help locating and item, he or she was polite and helpful.Its nice how they have a USPS station.I also like the fuel perks program, when you buy select items you get cents of a gallon of gas, and you can really add those up!  I don't know how long you have to wait to use points, and I'm sure they expire, but its a good idea to gain a little extra from products you'd buy anyway.
4	My wife and I are regulars at Hy-Vee primarily because of their proximity to our condo.  That said they have a great liquor department and supply awesome steaks from the Amana Colonies.  They also employee chef in residence David Martineau.  If you ever dined at the Edgewater Hotel in the 90's you've undoubtedly enjoyed his tableside steak Diane or his flaming tableside desserts.
4	Love their fresh made pizzas.  I visit the deli area and bakery almost exclusively, and that is why it gets 4 stars.  If I had to rate the store as a whole, it would be a 3 star.  They are severely overpriced on most of their other stuff, but their pizzas and cooked food offerings are great.Even though they are priced higher, I choose to support this store.  Woodmans prices have risen quite a bit, so the difference isn't as much now, plus, have you checked the expiration dates on Woodmans food?  If you don't, you're most likely buying expired food.  Never at Hy-Vee.  Great store, great take out food, free wifi, I will go out of my way to shop there.  Screw Woodmans
2	Soooooooo looks like I'm sticking to the Co-Op of Metcalfes. Here's the thing, prices seem much higher than I remember (is that in part because access to produce is a bit more challenging these cold wintry months) and on my last visit the place was an absolute mess. I don't get it. How does a store get so run down, so bad, so quick! I've only lived here a year and a half! Change in management? Fewer employee shifts? Whatever the case, I really don't think I'll be back with the vast array of other options in town.
4	I grew up near a city with a few Hy-Vee stores, so it's not new to me. I've loved this store since I was a kid. And now that Madison has a few, I'm quite happy!The Hy-Vee on East Wash is a nice, clean and bright store. They have a great selection and there is indeed a helpful smile in some of those aisles! I'm especially happy with their Natural/Organic food selection. They also have a fantastic selection of bulk bins, including a fine selection of granola. The liquor department is also great and has a vast selection of beer and spirits. The employees are also there to help you pick something out. They really have almost everything I want.And I'm shocked by some who say their prices are high! Really?! Besides having good prices, they do have a weekly flyer and plenty of good deals. I'm sick of people saying Woodman's is oh-so-great and that their prices are amazingly low. This is often not true and let's be honest, Woodman's is a dump. I've had far too many hellish shopping experiences at Woodman's to ever want to return. No, just no.I haven't been to the other Hy-Vee locations in Madison, but I'm plenty happy with the East location.
4	Chain, I know, but here is why an am writing a four star review: Picture this: Valentines Day, two kids in tow, one who wants a heart shaped pizza. Snow, cold, and we have all ready run five previous errands. I do not want to run another one. So I pray - please let there be a heart shaped pizza here. I scan the pizzas - no heart shaped pizza. My heart drops. Enter friendly pizza man asking if I need help finding anything. I answer, besides my sanity, a heart shaped pizza. He offers to make me one on the spot. I wipe away my tears of gratitude and thank him. In a day where customer service is hard to find I was very pleasantly surprised to find someone who went the extra mile to help a customer knowing they probably wouldn't ever get recognized for it. Way to go!
5	Very clean store!! Amazing selection of everything!!!!!! Huge floral department. Open 24 hrs! Seriously wish I had one of these stores near my home (Milwaukee) ! LOVED shopping here while away from home.
1	Deli...We stopped in last Saturday. Had to pick up a few grocery items on the way out of town. We decided to grab a quick lunch in the deli department. Yuk!  We waited over 45 minutes for 2 grilled chicken sandwiches. There was only one or two clean tables available to sit (we discovered this after we had ordered) ALL the other tables were dirty and had product left on the tables by previous customers.. There was one person cleaning in the area, but she seemed more interested it talking to other employees. We saw other employees just walk by the messy area and do nothing. Place is gross. We have had some good shopping experiences at other locations. But after this experience we are done with Hy Vee.
4	GREAT GROCERY STORE!we love HYVEE because they have a solid selection of groceries.  this includes name bran stuff, hyvee stuff and a good selection of local stuff ie potter's crackers  and yum butter made here in madison.since we both work, we often prefer not to cook.  we used to live on the east coast where boston market was a weekly for dinner.we love HYVEE because of the KITCHEN!!!THEY HAVE EVERYTHING!  and if they don't have what you want...someone will probably make it for you.in summaryGREAT GROCERIESGREAT KITCHENGREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE
1	I like the Fitchburg HyVee, but I hate this one. Something always goes wrong. Either we get prepackaged food and it's terrible or they don't have what we want. Either way, my boyfriend and I have made a promise that we'll always take the extra time to go to the Fitchburg location.
4	Grocery store? Restaurant? Which is it?Haven't been to an amazing Hy Vee food bar and buffet since 2006 when I had taken a work trip to Iowa. My bosses dad made the suggestion of eating Sunday Brunch at the local Hy Vee. I was appalled and replied, "What? Eat breakfast at a grocery store?"  Not sure if the butcher or baker would be serving my eggs, I took the leap and ventured on to see what this new concept in eating out would be like.  My eyes were as big as soccers when I saw how amazing the GRAND Buffet was!! Loaded with all my favorites from salads, to soups, fruits, mashed potatoes and eggs. Just recently moved to Madison so hitting one of these buffets again was on my "must do" list.  It wasn't a Sunday brunch but the salad bar buffet was off-the-hook amazingly delish!Pricing:$4.99 small plate-one trip.$5.99 large plate-one trip.$7.99 UNLIMITED!!Although I can't eat a lot, I opted for the unlimited because I wanted to try a bunch o the stuff on the buffet.  Started out with lettuce salad, then went back for pasta and rice salads as well as taco dip. Then, ended it with fruit and yogurt. There are just so many choices and it will surely fill you up!  They honor service men by letting them eat for $5 if they come in uniform. NICE!The only negative is that all the tables were dirty. (But it was right after lunch). I had to ask the bus boy to wipe off a table. He wasn't moving too fast and thought maybe they could feed me every day in exchange for table clearing duty!
5	I have shopped the gamut in town - Copps, Cub, Woodman's, Whole Foods, Metcalfs, The Piggly Wiggly, etc.  I have even been a regular at several of these chains for a period of time.  I have not liked one of them as much as I like HyVee.  Let me count the ways:1.  Partial employee ownership.2.  They buy local produce, cheese, and deli options more than any store but the Coop in town.3.  Fresh produce always.  Organic options for almost all products.4.  Kid friendly.  Little shopping carts for the toddlers.  Car shopping carts for little ones or groups.  Family restroom by the pharmacy.  Wide aisles (anyone who has gone to Woodman's will know how important this is...).5.  Friendly employees - only had one problem here in the 3 years I have been using the store.6.  They are a mail carrier.  Go to the service desk.7.  They have a dining area with a really nice breakfast.8.  Caribou Coffee.9.  Redbox.10.  Extensive bulk grains section.11.  Good liquor section.12.  Extensive health food market with wide array of Gluten-free options and 20% off on Thursdays.13.  The store brand products are cheap and good substitutes 80% of the time - most store brand foods suck but there are even some of HyVee's stuff I like better than brand names.  Example - their tomato products are BPA free without the plastic inner lining.  Way to go HyVee.14.  Seriously the best pies in town.  I know that sounds crazy but they are.  I have gone to many of the restaurants that are supposed to have good pie in Madison and surrounding areas and none of them are as good as the ones at the HyVee bakery.  They also have really good donuts but there might be some better places in town.15.  Customer service.  I know some reviewers have noted some bad experiences here.  While I don't doubt their reports, what I will say is that if these people had mentioned anything like this to a manager, it would have been taken care of.  And not only would it have been taken care of in the moment, but they respond in their overall business model to suggestions/complaints.  I have dropped some suggestions to store managers or even department heads (like the meats guys).  They will go out of their way to please and accommodate your requests.16.  Take and bake pizza that comes very close to Papa Murphy's.  I would even say they have one of the better BBQ chicken pizzas I've ever had.The last one doesn't get a number.  This store inspires me to cook and create.  I am not a pro-cook but I do like to dabble and make new things, deconstruct dishes, etc.  This store has an in house chef, distributes recipes, and lays things out in a way that give you ideas on new things to make.  Not sure how to really explain it and it may not be something you experience until you have been to the store and know the layout well.Love.This.Store.
3	This place is just ok. They have their definite highs and lows, but I like mixing it into my grocery store rotation every once in a while.On my most recent visit, the store was very clean and I loved the variety of prepared food available. Also, I scored some avocados for 99 cents; only Woodman's can beat those prices, and that's a whole different story. I picked up some Wild Blue beer, which I have only ever found once before in Madison, so that was cool.My biggest problem was that I bought some Gouda cheese and went to use it the next day, but was unable to because it had started to mold. I imagine if I would have driven 20 minutes back to the store, I could have gotten a replacement, but the cheese was only $6, so it wasn't worth a the roundtrip excursion.I would like to stop back and try the "restaurant" everyone is raving about in the other reviews.
4	I love that this location has Caribou Coffee.  And it has a post office kiosk.  Alcohol selection is actually pretty impressive as well.Fair on prices.  Produce is the best in the area.  I was gluten free for about a year and this place saved me!  Great selection of gluten free as well as organic, and other health conscious foods and alternatives.  Safer meat selection than Woodmans as well.  Lines will get long but they usually go pretty fast.  I have had some really friendly cashiers as well.
4	Great Chinese!  Usually not too terribly busy
4	I stopped in Thursday evening around 8 pm to pick up a few things. I hadn't been in Hy-Vee since shortly after they opened. It was just, ok, fine, a store, whatever. Last night I went in with a more observant eye, perhaps, since I'm a Yelper now, and I must say, I kinda love the place.It's kind of like the best characteristics of Whole Foods, Copps, and Target in one store. They have quite an extensive selection of higher-end and organic foods and health and beauty items. They also have all the old standby grocery items. They have pretty much everything.I remember being unimpressed with the prices the first time I visited back then, but last night everything I bought was cheaper than I have seen it anywhere else but Woodman's, and it was pretty close to their pricing. Score!Caribou coffee shop (one of the better chains, in my opinion), wifi, and open 24 hours. A *huge* liquor department, which I spent most of my time perusing, let's just be honest. They even carry Fever Tree ginger beer, whaaaaat!!!! The staff is helpful but unobtrusive, it's a quiet place, love that. I remarked to a manager about how impressed I was with the selection, and he was modest and almost apologetic that it wasn't better. Points for humility, dude, but own your greatness! ;-)There are no self checkouts, but they had plenty of cashiers and no lines. I appreciated the sincerity of the communication with my checker, and the smile and eye contact. I left with beautiful Christmas cards, a fun build-your-own six pack of new-to-me brews, some pedicure supplies, and ice cream and snacks. What more could a girl want to while away a dark, cold December evening? I'll be back, Hy-Vee.
