4	This is more of a general review for all Massage Envies. I've been a customer in three different states for a couple years now, and if you've been to one, you've been to them all, really. Massage Envy is a study in why franchises work (when they do work (and massage envy works)).McDonald's became popular because it took the chaos of the burger joint and made it totally orderly and predictable and reliable and clean (ish). Every McDonald's is exactly the same. Massage Envy is a franchise after the McDonald's model, but there is one big difference: you don't need a license to be a fry cook. Thank god, you do to be a masseuse.Every Massage Envy I've ever been to has had more or less the same design, same color palette, same good, courteous service and same expectations. The only appreciable difference between them is the people who work there, and therein lies the possibility of trouble. Not all LMTs are created equal. Some of these people may just be waiting to build their bona fides to go work at a huge fancy spa. And some of them never will.This means that the quality of your massage at Massage Envy is directly connected to who you work with.  And it can take some time to figure out whose style is best for you, naturally.In my opinion though, setting aside evaluating individual therapists, the Massage Envy experience overall is a good one.  They make you feel reasonably special and their membership is a good deal, especially if you live in a place where massages can be ridiculously expensive (Arizona, DC).  They often have cheap spa add-ons that you can purchase, like using special oils or face masks and so on.  What Massage Envy has done is the same thing McDonald's did - taken something a little dicey and maybe even scary for some folks and made it into a consistent, uniform experience.  While massage enthusiasts will no doubt decry Massage Envy like hamburger enthusiasts do for Mickey D's (and I don't blame them) Massage Envy is a great place for someone who has never had a massage before and wants to try it, or isn't interested in dishing out the dough for a luxury experience at a huge spa.  It's the working man's massage parlor.  Sort of.
4	Massage Envy I'd give you the name of my favorite massage therapist, but then I'd have to kill you. Back when I had a big paying job, I used to go to the Camelback Spa as often as I could. It's luxurious with awesome amenities in a gorgeous setting. Well, Massage Envy is NOT that. However, for those of us who are more money conscious, Massage Envy offers a wonderful experience. Massage Envy is located in a strip shopping mall. When you walk in, it's a pleasant environment and friendly check-in staff. After you sign in, you wait in comfy chairs until your masseuse calls you back. Each therapist has a copy of your chart showing your preferences and past experiences. They'll also ask you if you have any problem areas that need special attention. Then they'll step out of the room while you get ready for your treatment. Most of the masseuses will ask you about the pressure and your comfort. The massage table also has a built in heater, should you become cold. The lighting is soft and the music soothing. All in all, this is a pretty awesome experience for $49 a month for your first massage and then $39 for any other massages you receive during that same month. They also have a family discount plan. If you need to use a different location, even out of state, your membership allows you to use the services of more than 600 Massage Envy locations nationwide.
2	The staff is friendly and the massage was decent, but this place is worse than a car dealership.  Before and after your massage your are bombarded with sales pitches.  Memberships, lotions, upgrades, etc.Also, lets say you buy their stupid membership and don't use your monthly massage.  So, suppose you want to give that massage to somebody else.  That will cost you a transfer fee.Whoever came up with the Massage Envy idea is brilliant and probably a billionaire right now.  However, it won't be long until a better place comes along that offers quality massages at a cheaper price without the high-pressure sales environment.
2	I give the 2 stars because my therapist is the one that deserves the stars. I was very disappointed in the way my appointment was handled. I requested the apt online first and in that request I mentioned I had just ran a half marathon. They called to make the apt, but had to leave me a message. I called them back explained I had ran a marathon again and scheduled the apt. Turns out, when I checked in, they told me why didn't I schedule a hour and half apointment instead of just the hour. I didn't know why they asked this, but it turns out, the extra half is comped for those that ran the pf chang marathon.  They missed telling me this information 2 x's prior. They asked if I wanted to re-schedule my appointment so I could take advantage of that promo......NO I am sore today!!!!
3	I had a coupon for a free aromatherapy treatment which I added onto my 90 minute massage. What I didn't realize is that the aromatherapy treatment (which, without a coupon, would have cost me $10) consisted of nothing more that the masseuse waving her hands around to spread the scent....she sat doing this for a good 10 minutes.  The massage still ended in the 90 minute timeframe, so I think the upgrade essentially cost me 10 minutes of massage so that I could lay there and smell lavender--not a trade I would knowingly make.  I'm pretty sure my masseuse had a cold too since she was sniffling throughout the massage.  My last criticism is that the walls seemed to be unusually thin, so I could hear conversations & laughter coming from other rooms, making it hard to really relax.  The actual massage was good, nothing special though.I was aware that Massage Envy locations push the membership pretty hard so I expected that, but it was definitely a bit annoying since I had just spent 90 minutes trying to relax & clear my head.
3	I have tried this place out 3 times. The last time I went it was only because my sister gave me a free massage there, otherwise I would have passed. This is the thing, I love deep tissue and when I say deep, I mean deep! I have a lot of pain in my back and shoulders and if the massage therapist is not really digging into my muscles, it pretty much erk's me! All three times I went here, I had to keep telling the therapist "deeper, Deeper" They never could get deep enough. I don't know if it's because they are massageing way too many people and their muscles are sore, or is it that they just don't care?I do however like their prices and the fact that they are on time when they go to take you back.But I think it's more important that you get the massage that best fits you and your problems.As for the Deeper, Deeper comments, get your mind out of the gutter!!! LOLHappy Friday to you all...Fay
5	I'm so glad that I went to Massage Envy. Emily was my therapist and she was awesome very knowledgeable, helpful, and skilled. I don't remember the young lady's name with the cool red hair but she was awesome too! I will be back. I went to bed at 11:00pm I woke up at 6:30am feeling brand new and refreshed. I will surely be back.
1	OMG~ generally I like Massage Envys.  It's a hit or miss whether you get a good or bad therapist and you have to learn to ask for specific ones~ the good thing is you can almost get an appointment last minute.BUT at this particular location, the staff seems to have forgotten they are a massage place and not a used car lot!!!!I came out of the massage not entirely happy since the guy that massaged me was a bit I don't want to use the word weird, okay, weird, okay, to be kind~ not to my liking.But I decided I would still be pleasant and pay for the massage . . . at the counter, the girl checking me out just would not let me go without arm twisting me to sign up for membership!!!!She told me they were offering a membership special that was for THAT day and if I walk out the door, the special was expired.  Even after I said no I was not interested multiple times, she continued to strong sale me and would not return my credit card to me!!!!I left feeling upset and very tense, which totally negated the massage that I just received AND I also did not get my credit card back!  I had to go back to get my card.What a hassle.  I felt like I should have been PAID to have been there instead of PAYING for the service it was THAT tortuous!!!!
5	I love Massage Envy!  I would NEVER be able to afford a massage every 3 weeks if the prices were not so reasonable. I've been a member since Massage Envy opened and I get an hour massage every 3 weeks with my therapist Steven. I am a fan!  I love deep tissue and he works out all the knots and pains in my back because I work on a computer all day.  I would recommend Steven to anyone that wants a great deep tissue massage!
5	I have been going to this Massage Envy for over a year now, and I keep coming back. I love how comfortable I feel and of course the massages are great. The front of the house staff is always very friendly and I often see them cleaning when they have down time. I see Janet regularly and she is the best. I have seen other massage therapists when she is off or booked and I have never had a bad experience. Check them out!
4	I went to this massage envy after a pretty bad injury. I really need regular massages so the membership made sense.My therapist was wonderful and really worked my trouble areas. I was in intense pain and I felt almost completely better. I continued doing the stretches she showed me over the next few days and now I have really felt a major change. I will continue to see the massage therapist there for the next few months and hopefully it will really pay off. I only take away one star because they use appointment time to talk about what you need to do, the desk attendant asks you want you need and so does your therapist. I don't object to this but I do object to it taking away from your appointment time. I have been to many spas where you are told to arrive 15 minutes early to check in and speak with your therapist. They should use this method here so customers don't feel they need to purchase 1 1/2 hour messages to get a good massage.
1	Worst customer service I've ever had. I would never go here again,  they are rude and treated me terribly.
5	Book with Daniel!First, let me clarify that I have never had a bad massage here with anyone; they have always been good. Daniel is just extremely good at what he does! I hear more and more people request him and he's the reason I keep my membership. You won't be disappointed!
5	I have always had a good experience at this Massage Envy. I get in on time and never feel rushed to get out.
