4	Price was good, and location was great for us.  We came solely for a game at Chase Field, and it was in walking distance.  Just outside the downtown area, and there is construction all around but not annoyingly so.  Rooms were nice and clean.  The pool was small, but we were the only ones out there on a weekend so it was perfect for us.  Quiet and relaxing.  There is an outdoor mall and movie theater across the street with several restaurants.  I would probably stay in the burbs if I come back to the Phoenix area again (the city is quite quiet), but for our short 2-day trip, this hotel worked out well.
4	Located in downtown Phoenix it is within walking distance to everything. Three stories with a gym, pool, and spa. All the people working here is extremely friendly. My mom hugged the breakfast lady because she was that good! Complementary breakfast and newspaper on weekdays. Our room has two queen size beds, flat screen tv, and a window that can be cracked open. Also has a microwave and fridge which a freaking awesome! I love rooms with a microwave and fridge. The breakfast isn't that great.... the eggs are hard and the sausages taste like plastic. There is bread, english muffins, bagels, cereal, yogurt, instant oatmeal, etc. Nothing special but who really hates complementary breakfasts. My mom loved the pool. She had it for herself for 2.5 hours. Yay.
5	Quiet, clean, super-friendly staff, and a nicely stocked complimentary breakfast. We will be staying here again when in Phoenix!
5	This hotel is fantastic! The staff is amazing, friendly and super helpful. The rooms look newly renovated and very clean. The breakfast is yummy and the location good. That's the place to stay when you are in Phoenix.
4	I have stayed at this property a couple times and have never had a problem.  I won't give it a 5 star, only because of the surrounding area (can be a little rough).  The rooms are large, the staff members are pleasant and the breakfast is actually good.  Plenty of free parking, which can be an issue in this area.  If you are going to this area, stay here - you will enjoy it.
5	Beyond great hotel! I was very happy with my five day stay at Hoilday Inn Hotel and Suites. Guest services were very helpful, friendly, and nice everyday with every person. They helped me out when having payment issues due to a third party setting up my stay for me. My room was nice, with a microwave and fridge, which I do not see often. This was prefect for a yelper on the hunt for great food; meaning I could bring things back with me. My bed was comfortable and room service cleaned everyday, placing things just where I left them if they need to making the bed or cleaning the sink. I was able to control the heat in the room! Big screen tv with hbo. Coffee maker in the room, iron in the room and FREE WIFI were a plus!I also loved the workout room. While small, they had a few machines that could keep this girl happy. This room was next door to me and I barely heard the machines being used on the other side of the wall! Thanks for thinking of me! The wokout room was also clean. Breakfast was great and full of hot/cold selections. Not only pastries, but egged, bacon, cinnamon rolls, cereal, oatmeal, biscuits, ect. Things changed from day to day, but this was what a continental breakfast SHOULD be! Location wise, this hotel was only 7 min walk to the convention center. It is not far from the airport. I would save money by riding on the metro rail and walking down if you have carry-on, as the $24 dollar shuttle was not worth the distance to/ from the airport, but that's just me being cheap. I really loved my stay here and would recommend this place to anyone!
1	DO NOT STAY HERE. They charged my credit card for services not rendered I had to contest the charges with my credit card company.
5	We knew we wanted to do some sight seeing downtown Phoenix and this location would allow us to do just that.  The quality of our stay with Holiday Inn Express has always been excellent, so when we decided to go to a Diamond Back baseball game, we discovered this location within walking distance.The rooms are spacious, clean and very comfortable.  We had a nice walk to and from the game, and again the next morning to attend Sunday services.  Would recommend this location for anyone needing to do business or pleasure near downtown Phoenix.
5	This hotel is a great place to stay. The staff were very friendly and helpful, and the continental breakfast was just what we needed to get a quick start to our day.The hotel has a small outdoor pool, a gym, and the rooms are nice. I wish it had a dining area/bar, but it didn't, and it wasn't a big deal to us. It's located within walking distance to the ball park, museums, and restaurants, which was nice, and is only a quick drive to spring training sites for MLB clubs, the Zoo, and other attractions. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here, and had no complaints about the hotel at all. When I am back in the area, I will definitely consider staying here again.
4	What a great choice for our 3 day stay in Phoenix! We came out for a wedding and to see my twin who lives in NY. We stayed in a suite with two queen beds and there was plenty of room for my husband, two preschoolers and myself. My sister and her two oldest kids also visited and we didn't feel cramped. We loved that there was a fridge, microwave, small counter space, mirrored closet, iron, blow dryer, pool, gym and a decent breakfast. We loved the biscuits and gravy! We were able to use the pool all to ourselves as well. The kids loved it! The staff is friendly and allowed us to move rooms because the first room they put us in was right next to the elevator. The 2nd room we were in had a pool view which was nice. The location is great too just off the freeway, close to downtown and the little artsy area. My sister, the kids and I really enjoyed walking around and taking pics. If we had to come to this area again, we would definitely stay again.
5	A great place to stay if your in town for a game. Within walking distance of everything. The rooms aren't that bad either.
4	Planned to do a little partying before/during/after the 20/20 Experience World Tour with Justin Timberlake so we knew driving back to Tucson after the concert was out of the question.Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Phoenix Downtown-Ballpark is a very convenient and inexpensive choice for a place to stay when visiting downtown Phoenix. We reserved online and checked in on Saturday. Check-in was easy, quick and efficient. Rooms are clean and spacious and the beds comfortable. Our room with 2 queen beds was only $160 with tax/fees included. Split 4 ways between my girls and I - bargain city! Our room had a regular sized bathroom, nice sitting area with a couch and coffee table, a refrigerator/sink area/microwave. Plenty of outlets for us to plug everything in to get ready to go out too. The room does not boast a memorable view, but who cares!Plus the hotel provides free breakfast the next morning. It's all provided in a very clean though small area and the food is pretty good. I've been to a number of these free breakfast with hotel stay deals and I absolutely get turned off when the area is not kept clean and inviting. Not the case here.I have used this location of Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites before and will continue to do so when heading up the interstate to have a little fun in Phoenix.
4	This hotel gets sold out during Spring Training.  I underestimated the demand of this business because it's in Phoenix and the rate is approaching $300 per night.Sodas at lobby are $2.  Sodas in vending machine by icemaker are $1 each.  There is a shopping center within walking distance with restaurants.The hotel has microwave, fridge and free wifi in every room.  There's also complimentary hot breakfast to 10:30.  Erik was very hospitable.  He's very personable and made our stay that more pleasant.
5	The hotel's about a 15 minute walk from the Phoenix Convention Center. Not bad at all. The staff is super nice and friendly. The breakfast is perfect, a step up from the typical donut breakfasts at a lot of hotels. The room was clean, big and comfortable. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat.
1	WORST NIGHTS SLEEP I HAVE EVER HAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Not only was the mattress ridiculous stiff to where I ended up laying on the bed pillows and only got a couple hours of sleep.  When I went down to the front desk at 6am to request a room change due to the mattress (and I should really say I hobbled down due to being stiff & sore) the front desk lady was unsympathetic and said that all the mattress's in the hotel are the same.  She gave me no options and asked if I wanted to check out and of course offered no refund or discount.  Even going back up to my room to pack I encountered other guests who were complaining about the stiffness in their back from the mattress.  DO NOT GO HERE!!!  The breakfast, location, pool, and fitness room nowhere near out way the amount of pain you will be in all day because of one nights stay.  I wish I could give them a zero on Yelp but alas I am forced to give them 1 star which they are undeserving of.
