3	This Nha Trang restaurant has just opened for two weeks and they specialize in a few items from coastal city of Nha Trang in Vietnam. For those that want to try something different, this would be a good place.How is the food? Overall their food is not bad, but it's also not exceptional to really make me drive all the way there. Their spring roll is actually good, but two bucks for a small roll is expensive IMO. Their "Banh Cang" tastes just like fried egg so I recommend skipping it, unless you like crunching fried egg. Their "Bun Ca', which is fish noodle soup, is good.And their Pho? Well, it's kinda hard to explain. When the hot bowl of soup was brought to the table, I couldn't smell any of those Pho aroma, instead the smell of black pepper kinda overwhelmed the bowl. However, when I started eating, it was actually pretty good. The texture of the noodle and meat were nice and soft. The soup was flavorful and sweet, might be a little bit too sweet for me. Now, this is where I got confused. How could the soup be flavorful and good when I couldn't smell any beef or spices normally associated with Pho, so I assumed they must put in a lot and lot of MSG to enhance the taste, which my body is allergic to. After the meal, my body was fine, so my theory of MSG might be incorrect. By the way, their menu is limited so don't expect them to have everything related to Vietnamese food. Like I mentioned at the beginning, most of their items are from Nha Trang area of VN and Pho. They do take credit card and the service is good.
5	At 8 pm tonight I had the Pho Dac Biet (the Pho special) for $7.50+tax+tip.Five stars because:- Best Pho I've had in Vegas (I've had Pho here, at Pho Kim Long and Pho So 1)- Authentically Viet- Excellent service- Free Nuoc Mat (I asked the waitress and she said it's Viet herbs, sugar cane juice, etc) which is pretty refreshing and something different from free hot tea some Asian places give.- Walking distance from my placeThey do have a specials menu next to the cash register which is only in Vietnamese but the waitress can interpret it for you.  Also, the waiter seemed to be Viet, the waitress definitely was, the decor and background music was Viet so it all makes eating there a more genuinely Viet experience.  While I was there I noticed all the customers were Asian, and I think most were Viet, so that's a good sign.  Note: They have the best Pho in Vegas but I do prefer Pho in SoCal (Little Saigon, San Gabriel Valley) and Virginia/Falls Church around the Eden Center.So now Desert Crossing plaza has Nha Trang, Sarfino's Pizzeria & Italian eatery, I-Napa Japanese noodle house and a Subway.  Hopefully Nha Trang and I-Naba draws enough eaters as it's really convenient to have them near my home.  The previous restaurants in those same storefronts didn't seem to last long.
4	Fresh new Vietnamese restaurant.  I had the pork chop combination.  The pork was nicely done.  It had a nice char to it but still remained very juicy.  I went twice in one weekend during my recent visit to LV.  The staff is very friendly and personable; something that is often lacking in an Asian restaurant. The only con is they are rather slow in getting the food to the table.  We actually got our appetizers AFTER we already finished our main entree.  Hopefully they will work out this problem soon.
4	By chance, I found this restaurant's menu at my local pharmacist who is also bomb btw (http://www.yelp.com/biz/procare-pharmacy-las-vegas#hrid:-e7bvzyj0QfiAB5f5vjC-g).  They are located in the same plaza as I-Naba and not very hard to find at all.  So hubbie and I decided to try something new because their menu was different than your usual.  When we walked in, the hostess (owner?) greeted us kindly.  She was very sweet and highlighted the popular items on the menu.  As emphasized by the hostess, the food style has more emphasis with the cooking in central Vietnam (i.e. where Nha Trang is located).  We were also served free nuoc mat!  Sugar cane juice that was just sweet enough and who can complain about free?Here's what we had:1.  Goi cuon ca + tamarind sauce - spring roll with fish + bonus deep fried egg roll inside.  The tamarind sauce was what made it.  It was tangy and sweet and was perfectly paired with the flaky fried fish and fresh crunchy veggies.2.  Pho Tai Bam Filet & Bo Vien - Pho with filet mignon and meatballs.  I agree with Chan L., this is the best Pho that I've had in Vegas.  It's full bodied with lots of herbalicious-pho flavor and if you like the soup on the sweeter side, this is it.3.  Banh Canh Tom Cua -  Seafood soup with thick tapioca noodles.  While it had plenty of Tom (shrimp), I'm not sure I saw too much Cua (crab).  Nevertheless, it was still quite tasty and refreshing.  Conclusion:  Shining star was the goi cuon ca!  Going back just for that and some nuoc mat!
5	i wanted to write a review here because its THAT GOOD! so we started off with Bun Bao..it was a amazing. and then we had pho with filet mignon..Their broth is off the hook, the noodles were perfect and the meat was great...even though its in a bad location do not pass this place up.. the prices are great and the food is great
3	Had a bowl of combination Pho. Broth seemed to be a little on the sweet side and i had some heavy thirst after indicating usage of MSG that's a bit above average.Overall clean and you get some free sweetened drink that i cant remember the name of. It's kind of like a sweet tea.Overall i wont recommend the Pho but if this place is suppose to highlight the beach city of Nha Trang and it's regional specialties then Pho is just the wrong thing to get. I'll mark this place for further review later.
2	I like their spring roll, that's it. The meat in their pho seemed old as seen on it's consistency and quality. Place is clean though. I'd come back for the roll but if I want something else that's on the menu, I'd go somewhere else.
5	We ate here recently and we really liked the food. The hostess is very friendly as well. Pros: Great Vietnamese food even Nha Trang city favoritesFriendly hostessGood locationCleanCons:Closed TuesdaysNo barrier to the outside, so if it's cold (rare) you get a blast of cold when the door is opened.
5	I actually came in here twice in one day.  I have got to say, for a new place and not on spring mountain; it was pretty darn good.During lunch.  We had a van full of people and decided to grab some rolls and pho.  We do it asian style and shared everything.  I had a little of my aunt's hu tieu ca (fish noodles).  I was sold right away since it was not over flavored.  Fish felt fresh and was fillet.  I had a bowl of pho tai (Beef noodles).  It was made well.  Compared to most other places with prices, it was reasonable and portion was very generous.  Beef was very tender and noodles were just right and not over soaked.  We were offered free ngoc mat (refeshing sugar cane type drink).  The last thing I had was the rolls.  The pork inside was very well cooked.  Not over cooked where the pork was harden.  No one likes stiff rolls.  Also important is the sauce that went with the rolls.  They got it right! The sauce worked just perfectly with the rolls.  I love double dipping my rolls and smothering it with sauce..My second visit that day was for dinner.  We did a family meal special (they have a special's board).  I absolutely fell in love with their fried fish.  The fish was fried very well to the point where I could eat the bones.  The fish sauce that they have made to complement fish was also perfect.  The second item that stood out to me was their crockpot fish.  The sauce amazing where I could drizzle it over my rice and it would make it flavorful!  The service was excellent.  We were greeted each time we came.  Always came by and asked if we needed anything else.  Place is well spacious and well lite.  I did notice that they had a tv that was way too small for the wall.  Also a fish tank that was not up and running in the front.  The place may be hard to find.  It is on the side of the Smith supermarket.  Parking a plenty.  I will def come back for some more fish
5	I got to say this place makes really good food. I came all the way from San Jose to try this place out. Pros: great food and services, alot of parking, away from the crowd on Spring Mountain. Cons: NothingI just found a great deal on this restaurant here:http://www.restaurant.com/nha-trang-restaurant-las-vegas-american-pid=163642I will come back to use this deal when I visit Las Vegas again. Very recommended place to go eat.
3	So far a very clean and a modern twist on the menu.  We ordered the nem nuong summer rolls which were a definite must.  The sauce that comes with it is one I've never had.  It was like a ground pork meat based stew to dip it in and man was it good.  My husband used it to dip his grilled pork chop and made sure the server didn't take it away.  The fried spring roll wrap in the roll gave it a nice crunch.  The only thing it might've lacked is more fresh herbs like cilantro or even mint.  The banh xeo was VERY small unlike most places and lacked a lot of flavor.  There was sufficient lettuce but not enough herbs.  They give you a mix of them but it was very little, like 2 stems of each herb.  As you notice, I like a lot of herbs in dishes because it enhances the flavors and brings a freshness to the taste.The bun rieu needed more flavor as well.  They give you a little cup of mam tom (shrimp paste) but it's not enough to make the soup tasty.  There were snails (out of the shell of course) in the soup, but it definitely didn't need it because it didn't do anything to the soup other than give it a different texture.  The crab cake was like eating egg in your soup.  Not much flavor at all.The broken rice with grilled pork chop and crab cake was OK.  The nuoc mam dipping sauce is what really makes it here and they don't do a good job of it.  I had to put loads of hot pepper sauce (which I think they watered down because after putting in a full tsp, it was still not spicy at all).  If I had fresh garlic I would've added some along with extra lime juice.  It tasted like a salty sweet dipping sauce.The cafe sua da was as good as it gets.  Just the right amount of condensed milk.I will probably never come back here as there are a lots of good authentic Vietnamese restaurants on Spring Mountain.  They might not be as clean, but the food is definitely better.
1	Small menu, weird spring rolls, they heated spmething up in the microwave (one of the appetizers we ordered and the sauce (never a good sign). The pho tasted good but the soup was not pipping hot like I like. Inconsistent and unusual service. At one point there were no employeese in the front with us. They were all in the kitchen. It is very scarily slow but it was ranked #2 on Yelp so I tried it out. Jury is still out. Guess I'm still shopping around for the perfect pho place.
4	It's a nice little restaurant. I stop by once every few weeks. The prices are very good for the food they have, the only thing I don't like is the interior, sometimes it's pretty cold inside and it's not that finished.Their Spring rolls are very good, and the noodle soup is good for the price.Other than that, definitely worth trying.
2	They were located in a little strip mall on W Desert Inn Rd/Decatur Ave in Las Vegas. If you were driving by on Desert Inn Rd, you would not see it.  You have to be in the parking lot to find the restaurant which still has their Grand Opening sign hanging.  I don't know how long they have been open, but they need a website and menu.  The fish tank was empty.  There were booths along the walls and large tables for groups.I presented the Restaurant.com coupon prior to ordering.  The server said it was not good with any other promotions.  Okay.  She also said to look at the Specials Board which was located way over at the counter.The menu was very limited.  There were 9 appetizers and only 14 entrees on the menu besides the expensive specials on the board.I ordered the #8 and #18.  The server brought out the #9 which was a NT Style Fish Spring Roll (goi cuon ca). It was actually pretty good.  I had to ask the server what it was since I didn't order it.  It was freshly deep fried tilapia in a light crispy breading, still warm and some crunchy fried shrimp and rice paper inside.  The tamarind dipping sauce was different.The NT Beef with Vermicilli came out in a bowl with a spoon and chopsticks.  The server never returned to ask how my meal was so I could ask for a fork.  The thin amount of beef was on top of the noodles.  The lettuce, sliced cucumbers and shredded carrots were buried on the bottom of the bowl.  The noodles were warm, which I liked.  There were also roasted peanuts.When I finally saw the server, I asked her for a to go box and the bill.  She made it clear to me that the Restaurant.com coupon has been used and not try to use it again.  Okay.There are so many Vietnamese restaurants in the area, that I wouldn't come back to this place.
5	BEST EGGROLLS I HAVE EVER HADD!!!Seriously, I would come to this place just for the eggrolls. They look super weird and I thought they screwed them up at first but boy was I wrong. It's just cook in a different style. This is one of the best Vietnamese restaurant I have been to in a while (as mentioned in other posts, I have a problem with how inconsistent Vietnamese restaurants in Vegas are). But it was so good that my brother and I had to go back a couple days later and I am still wanting to take my friends. (Haven't been going long enough to see if it's consistent but so far so good.)Everything is cook Nga Trang style, so it's a little bit different than the usual-- the taste is a bit different. but it is still fantastic to my brother and me. (I have family in Nga Trang, Vietnam so I'm used to the style, not sure what non-Vietnamese people think of it).This is seriously our favorite place right now. If anyplace in Vegas is comparable to Vietnamese Cali food it's this place and maybe (on good days) Pho So 8. The only thing is I would like to see a menu with more options for the future, the one now is quite sparse.I would recommend people to go and at the very least try the awesome amazing eggrolls that they have.
5	I have cravings for the food from this place; it never disappoints.  My first dish that I had tried there, and honestly the main reason I had visited, was the deep-fried salmon served with grilled rice and nuoc mam (legit fish sauce for dipping, drenching on the food for sure ... and maybe drinking?).  I was in love with it.  My partner usually requests the grilled rice to be extra crispy.  Since this is a preference, I would suggest to not request it unless you know the level of crispiness of their typical grilled rice.  This is such a simple dish but it just hits the spot right.  I am a bit  biased though, because I love me some Vietnamese food. Oh, I forgot to mention that before you even get your food, you are asked for some delicious nuoc mat, which I believe is sugar cane juice - and it's free! You can drink a whole cup, get a refill, and have another refill for the refill and it won't even be on your bill. They have a list of appetizers to choose from.  I have only tried the nem nuong (bbq pork sausage, some thin [rice?] noodles, pickled daikon and carrots, a sprig of lemongrass [i think it's lemongrass], sliced lettuce, a deep-fried, rolled up sheet of egg roll paper resembling a cigarette all loaded and wrapped with rice paper).  The orange, yellowish sauce that goes along with it is smashing and necessary.  If you go alone, you can order 2 of these for $3.99 - and you will live life!They also have this deep-fried chicken and deep-fried sticky rice dish that is so decadent, especially with the fish sauce mixture they serve it with.  (We actually had showed them a picture of the dish from another restaurant in Westminster, CA, when they didn't serve it.  Nha Trang basically adapted the same concept for the dish.)  If deep-fried is not your thing then you can also order from the soup dishes.  I haven't tried them yet.  Back to deep-fried - specifically, the clay-pot dishes. The prawns caramelized in fish sauce dish was very good.  However, the cat-fish version of that dish, Ca Kho To, is simply amazing.  I am not really sure how they cook it, whether it is purely from the clay-pot, or if it's a mixture of deep-frying the fish then transferring to the clay-pot, but the texture of the fish is just slightly crispy and the caramelized fish sauce is just the right amount of sweetness.  I would say that this is a definite must try.  I am salivating now just thinking about their food.
5	Unassuming little place with nothing distinguishing about it. Unless of course, you are here to eat some delicious Vietnamese food!!!! Although I'm Vietnamese, I have no idea what Nha Trang cuisine is but I was very surprised at how much I enjoyed the food here. My sister and I ordered the Bun Bo Hue, Goi Cuon Ca, and Nha Trang beef (an item on their special menu). The Goi Cuon Ca was unlike any summer rolls I've ever tried! They were just so freaking good - crunchy and flavorful and fresh and oh so amazing. Whatever they did to the beef, it had a nice charred and deliciously seasoned taste to it. The beef came with rice and vegetables. As for the Bun Bo Hue, it was equivalent to the same item found at other Vietnamese restaurants.They offer a free drink, nuoc mat, but I didn't like it. It tasted like a watered down sweetened tea. Over all, if you want to try something out of the ordinary when it comes to Vietnamese food, you've got to try Nha Trang!
5	Im from CA and was in town. Came here not even hungry but ended ordering a few plates just to try it. Was impressed with every plate. Bun Bo hue here has to be the best in town. Must try. Service is good too.
4	This review is strictly on the pho and fish rolls for Nha Trang (before they changed their name to Ha Noi Pho). I live next to little saigon (westminster, CA); however, this place has the BEST pho than any restaurant I have ever eaten at. The broth tasted like they have been cooking it for hours and hours, it is just so good! Their fish rolls are served with tamarind sauce and it is also one of my favs! A MUST TRY! Tip: they have 3 dish combo for around $20, it includes sour soup, fish that they cooked in a clay pot, and salad! so good and so worth it!
1	Ok, I guess Nha Trang doesn't exist anymore so I'm actually reviewing whatever the restaurant is  in it's place.Just moved to Las Vegas and was looking for a good Pho restaurant. Read the reviews here on Yelp and ventured out to this restaurant. Mistake #1 - Big banner outside saying "Grand Opening 7/11" should have been our first clue that this wasn't Nha Trang but we were hungry so went in. Mistake #2 - empty at noontime on a Sunday, but we were hungry so decided to give it a try. Mistake #3- menu very limited, only had 1.5 pages of items, but we were hungry so ordered. The egg rolls were terrible. So greasy that the grease dripped off, hardly any filling in it, had a funny taste and something squishy textured in it that left a coating on your tongue, I would swear it was fat or lard. The vermicelli salad I ordered with grilled pork and shrimp was the worst I ever had, I think it is called Bun nuong with thit and tom. The grilled pork was not pork, it was pork fat or some type of fat that was charred to resemble pork. I popped a piece in my mouth and chewed and chewed and chewed getting that greasy coating on my tongue again, so I examined the other pieces in my bowl and saw that it was just pieces of tough fat. Yuck. The nuoc cham (dipping sauce) was red, it tasted like rice vinegar with some sweet and sour sauce mixed in. My son ordered the #8 pho with rare steak, brisket, tendon and tripe. The broth was almost clear like chicken broth not beef. It did not have any tripe or brisket it in but only 2 meat balls and a piece of tendon. We looked at the menu to see if he got the wrong one and saw that none of the Pho's listed had meat balls in it. In fact there was not a meat ball to be found on the menu so how they ended up in his bowl of pho is a mystery as obviously all their ingredients are. He ate the noodles and as we sat there  talking about how awful everything was we watched the broth in his bowl separate into a 1 inch layer of fat on top.Enough said. Awful. 1 star is more than they deserve.
3	PLEASE READ: new owner, restaurant name "Pho Hanoi"Most of the food pictures I saw on the yelp is NO longer on the menu. There is a new menu. But the food Was just okay. Not great.
5	Good food! Nice atmosphere! I love this place.
