5	Probably one of the nicer taxi services in town. Friendly guys and have consistently been my first choice when it comes down to taxis to the CMI airport.
5	Very friendly, reliable and reasonably priced. The taxi was also very clean and quite new. By far the best taxi I took in Champaign.
5	Friendly guy, good and clean taxi
5	Mr. Abdul is EXTREMELY reliable and always on time! His fair is very appropriate. I would definitely recommend him if you're new in town to the Champaign-Urabana, IL area :)
5	Always on time, easygoing guy, and fair priced. Definitely recommend if you're looking to visit Champaign-Urbana are
5	This is definitely a really great taxi service, especially if you are in a rush.  Since it's the summer, the buses don't run normally on campus and it's really inconvenient. I needed to go to Illinois Terminal within half an hour to catch a bus(which would be difficult with public transportation from where I live) and Mr. Abdul was reliable, on time, and friendly. I ended up being a bit early for my bus.  Would definitely recommend!
5	I have been Abdul's customer for about one year since I came here. Abdul is nice guy and he helps me a lot! He always comes on time or ten minutes earlier and his car is clean and big enough to take all my luggages. He is my good friend!
5	Abdul and I has been friend for one year since I been in the US the first time. He is such a good man that makes me feel like he is my family. Never late, never reject and always safe is what his taxi is like. If u are looking for the best taxi in champaign, I do promise is Datta taxi!!!!!!!!!!!
5	My go to taxi service from here on out. Always on time, very nice. Always tries to accommodate. This is my first yelp review but that is only because this guy deserves it!
5	Great service! Abdul is a very nice guy who is always prompt and it's a pleasure to have a conversation with him! The car has a very professional and nice looking interior, and he takes card payments unlike most taxi drivers who only take cash! I highly recommend Abdul for anyone looking for a great, reliable, and friendly taxi service!
5	Good. My car broke down in the morning. I called at 8:30 and I have a meeting at nine. The taxi just show up in 5 min and save my life. Nice service!
5	This guy is fantastic. Independent driver with reasonable rates, very friendly and on time. He had me send the address and time of pickup by text and confirmed immediately. It's great to have a good taxi driver in this town! He does take credit cards through square as well.
5	Hardworking guy. Only been in business for 7 months and already had a stellar reputation,  which he deserves. Very friendly person and got to my location 5 minutes before expected, very professional.
5	Awesome taxi!
3	Dear Datta Taxi, please do not ever send me a Sam's Cab ever again. I read wonderful reviews but did not get the car nor the man in the picture. Instead, I received another taxi service that was sent by you and had horrible service.  Please only pick companies that you think are good enough to represent you.
5	Its been about a year of using this taxi service, and now we are great friends. Never think twice about using another service. There was even a time he had to cancel my reservation but immediately scheduled me with a different cab, no hassle.
