3	Pluses: they have amenities you might see at a waterpark for a fraction of the price in a clean, well-run facility. They have food available at the snack bar ranging from a popsicle (25 cents) to large pizzas. They offer a "dry pass", a discounted ticket for adults to come in as chaperones and non-swimmers (and they have nice beach chairs lining the perimeter). The lifeguards and staff members are really, really nice.Minuses: It can get CROWDED. It can get very steamy during those hot summer days. On the day we visited, the water was quite heavily chlorinated (or whatever the chemical of choice is these days). You can't bring your own food, and you can't go in and outside without drying off all the way and getting dressed. Those rules weren't followed by everyone, so if you followed the rules you would have been a little appalled at seeing the numerous occasions of rule-breaking. Good for 1-3 hours of summertime fun.
4	Went here yesterday to experience what it's like in an indoor waterpark. Overall it was nice except everyone had to exit the water not once but TWICE. Let's just say not everyone swimming doesn't have bladder control. Anyways, food/snacks are surprisingly cheap with a decent menu. Can't imagine what it's like in the summer. Admission is cheap to (especially if you're a county resident).
3	Sunday birthday parties are not my favorite thing, I mean what if it was a football Sunday?  Thank goodness it's not football season but my son could care less, he just loves a party especially if it involves water.  I think this place is a great party idea and of course you can come anytime as they're open all year............the perks of an indoor water park.  I've had great experiences here but my last was a little different as the chlorine seemed to be at a higher level than normal, and it was blazing hot.  I'll give them a pass as an isolated situation but I will definitely think twice before I return.
1	We went on a Friday and it wasn't too busy. We all had a wonderful time until the end. We were in the womens locker room and even though they had a family locker room there were little boys there about 6-7 years old changing in the room too and one walking around with no clothes on. I had my little sister and did not appreciate it at all. When I talked to staff all they asked me was if they had autism? It doesnt chnge anything.Come on there was a family bathroom right there. And they didn't seem too concerned about my complaint. And the bathrooms were nasty. But if you don't use the locker rooms or bathrooms it is good.
4	Visiting out if state. Needed something to do on short notice due to bad weather. My daughter (6) had much fun. Not tall enough for the big slide (48"), but she was not fazed.The accommodations in the shower/bathroom left something to be desired, e.g. hooks in the shower stalls, perhaps locks to rent for the lockers? but it was nice. Nice staff, bathrooms were nice (until a jerk put swim diapers in the centrifuge for drying bathing suits), and the pool was clean (and heated). Cheap admission and snacks. We would go again if we were in town and needed something to do if the weather were to be uncooperative.Great to see a community center like that and tax dollars put to great use. I'm envious; I wish we had something like that.
5	Came here for a birthday party. Overall nice experience. Minus the exception of lifeguards blowing whistles every minute but I guess that means there following safety rules so can't be mad at that. Nice staff and there is also a playground around the back if you want to let your kids run around a little more. We will be coming back. Also items in snack bar for $.75 can't beat that.
