5	Always try to make it out to Walhorn's annual celebration of Oktoberfest!  Their celebration usually lasts over 3 weekends in October where they have a tent erected outside the normal restaurant to have food, drinks, and entertainment all under one space!If you eat dinner at the Waldhorn (make a reservation) and you get free entrance to the tent afterwards.  You can also just pay $3 general admission and eat the various offerings the tent has along with the beer!Parking can get a little messy, but you can park next door at the James Polk State historic site or behind the Havertys near Carolina place mall and walk over.
3	Have been here for a couple of lunches and recently for a dinner.  Truly a German restaurant and a nice decor appropriate for a gasthaus.  We lived and were married in Germany so are familiar with the dishes and the terminology.The selections were perfect, beer as it should be and service great.  However, our server, so well intended and hospitable, did not have a clue as to the German names for the menu offerings, but perhaps it was my pronunciation of those German words.I relented and just did it in English, which greatly pleased her young heart.So after ordering, the food came so fast that we had little time to eat one course before the next arrived. Thankfully we ONLY had our drinks, appetizer, soup and main course spread on the table but not the dessert.  Whew, as there was little room for more.BUT...our ever helpful waitress was quick to remove out bread plates and silverware to clear space.  We had to ask for the plates and silverware so we could consume our rapidly cooling courses.How very un-German to rush the food.  In Germany you can spend all night at your table chatting and eating and until you parallel your silverware or indicate you want attention, the wait staff will leave you alone.  Not here.We left happy to have had a decent German meal, but a bit disappointed at how production the service was from a well-intended server who was out of context.Waldhorn is a good place and they put out fequent emails on specials and events.  Their beer club is popular and come Oktoberfest it is fantastic.  We recognize that this most recent experience is not typical, so don't be put off by this review.
5	This is always a generally awesome event every year and it has grown nearly every year as far as I can tell.  With tents and authentic beer and German food being served up you can certainly get the feeling of old world German style celebration.In addition to the food and beer are the bands they have.  So much fun!  This is certainly a kid friendly event.Couple things to note is the parking and the seating.  The parking lot fills up quickly and the rollover lots are a good little walking distance away so be prepared.  Also, seating is hard to come by so be patient.  If I had one suggestion to make the event better it would be to offer VIP tables and wait staff to cater those tables for a fee.  It would really alleviate the whole "oh, I'll just put my towel on the chair at 7:30 because I'll be back in an hour" issue that has become a serious problem.
5	This event is so much fun!  This was my first Oktoberfest experience in Charlotte.  It's $3 to get in and then the rest of the expenses are totally up to you.  The boyfriend and I had an expensive date with two pitchers and 3 brats, but totally worth it. What a fun night!  Oddly, there are a handful of people getting drink, drank, drunk. And then there are a whole bunch of other people that brought their families and little kids. It was an interesting experience, but totally family friendly and festive.  There are two different menus for the restaurant and the tent.  The tent is run by a ticket system. So you order and pay for food, drinks, etc  and the lady gives you tickets.  Then you find the food and drink spots and go to town!
