2	When my car was down and out and I was trying to decide to fix it or junk it, I took it Matthews Imports for a second opinion.  On the phone, it was "sure, we'll check it out" and that remark cost me the fee for him to hook it up to his scanner machine.Dude, I knew the transmission was bad...the car tells you that.  They did follow up with a couple of options that were slightly less than my normal mechanic but unfortunately, it wasn't what I wanted.  Still I could have gotten over it but the straw that broke the camel's back was when I got into the car, went to close the OBD port and the knee pad was covered in grease.  YUCK!  They couldn't be nicer people but not for me.  Sorry.
5	I had an oil leak on my Lexus that would not go away, I am always skeptical when choosing who to trust with my car. Lots of horror stories out there, I just knew my Lexus was going to be crazy expensive to fix and I was expecting the worst.Then I found Matthews Imports,  after I expressed my concerns to Gary, the shop owner, he personally checked my car over and explained it was not as bad as I thought. They fixed the leak the same day,  now I know where to take my car for anything major or small, Everyone there is knowledgeable and personable.      Matthews Imports,  a real honest auto shop
4	This review is long overdue, my apologies to Gary & staff.They first worked on my 96 Infiniti I30 about 5-years ago and I have done business with them on a few other occasions when needed.  Each time they have been less expensive but not of lower quality and certainly more of a straight-shooting, above the table approach.  I have not been dissatisfied, even when I returned with a concern of the work they had performed, they've made it right each time.  I've taken three vehicles to them over the years, the '96 I30, a '97 Camry, and an '06 Sienna.  I have been thoroughly pleased with economics (by comparison) and quality each time.
1	Zero stars really but that is not an option. After several failed attempts at other dealers i decided to give this place a try to fix some front end noise and shaking on my toyota avalon. First time and 600 dollars later i got new brakes and rotors. Left with car and still had noise and shaking. Called back and Gary the owner told me to return next day. Then it was the drive train and bearings so 2 days and another 1100 dollars later i pick up my car. Low and behold still shaking and return yet again for a 3 rd time and its another thing. Now im 1700 in and almost 3 weeks dealing with this and car still not fixed. So for the 4 th time i called and at this point i just wanted some of my money back. I did not feel it was working out nor should i have to keep returning for the fourth time with the same initial problem. As i tried to explain this is when Gary the owner became hostile and not responsive to my request.  I don't at all see how 2 weeks 3 return trips and 1700 bucks later and you have an attitude with Me? I don't recommend yes they seem nice until you have a problem BEWARE DONT FALL FOR IT
