2	I'm writing this as I eat a leftover slice from a Palermo's pie (aka pizza).  Ummm...yummy.  I love the crust -- the perfect consistency of a Brooklyn pie, but slightly spicier sauce.  For those who like a sweet sauce, this may not be for you.   The  pies are reasonably priced.  The service and eat-in parlor are basic.
3	The staff was polite and efficient.  The lunch 2 slice & soda special is a good deal.  The crust could have been a bit softer and pepperoni cooked more, the sauce was mediocre.  There were a lot of options, some reasonably priced, some oddly pricier than I would expect for a mom and pop type pizza joint.  Not craveable, but I'd be back if I was hungry and already in the complex.
4	The slice of pizza is as big as my hand...and the toppings were piled so high, i think it touched my nose when I bit down.  I usually get the Slice Special for $3.50. It has 6 toppings and is just delicious!!!  I've also tried their Spaghetti with Meatballs and I'd say this dish is ...alright.  I would prefer a little more sauce and a little more salt but hey....it comes with a 12-inch garlic loaf...and it's huge and only costs $7.25The restaurant is quite busy Friday and Saturday nights, expect your to go order to take between 25-25 minutes if you aren't ordering just pizza by the slice.  On a regular day, maybe 20 minutes so I'd really call it in.  Sit down orders are faster than the to go orders even on their busy nights.  The staff is very sweet and nice. My goal:  try the wings next time cus ...man they looked GOOD when the other guy took it to his table!
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE their pizza! For me it's all about their cheese...like nothing I've ever had. The sauce is just perfect, they dont overdo it. They are always super friendly when my husband and I stop by. They practically know us by now bc we stop by here so often, whether its picking up a whole pizza or grabbing a slice onthego. Their wings are a bit small but delicious. They pack on the buffalo sauce so they are all messy! Mmmm...finger lickin good!
2	I wasn't very impressed with the pizza. Service was a good and fast, but the pizza tasted like a dirty dish rag. My wife picked up a faint taste of rubbing alcohol. They need some help at this location.
1	Dude this shit's hurtin.
2	It was sub par.  Expected better after reading these reviews.  I'd rather get Pizza Hut.
4	We picked up a large 1 topping for carry out $15. The pizza is thin crust, ample, and very tasty. They had our pie ready 10 min after we called. It's nothing fancy but I didn't have to cook and it pairs well with my 2 buck chuck.
1	Disgusting! I will NEVER visit this place again! I ordered sausage in marinara sauce, the sausage tasted expired, disgusting and crumbed in my mouth. The lasagna was old and grey covered in mozzarella cheese. A waste io my money, NEVER AGAIN.The food is disgusting. Service was ok but I wonder if because they knew their good is gross. My sausage n marinara sauce crumbled in my mouth like it was old, it tasted old and sour. My lasagna was not tasty, the ground beef looked aged, me and my 2 year old had the runs.
