1	Beware. I ordered a chicken breast sandwich. I was ill for three days. No joke.
4	The selection is of a normal subway. The first breakfast sandwich I got here was kind of cold and it wasn't supposed to be. The server was friendly
2	Update: 05/01 For some reason it didn't give me an update button; only edit...so I am adding the new one above: Another day and I continue to be dumbfounded by this location. In March I used to order the 6" breakfast sandwich and drink at the $3 combo price. That promo was not there in April in lieu of the buy one get one free special that this location never seemed to get correct. Today is May and I ordered my standard 6" flatbread bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich. As I progressed down the line I noticed the $3 combo sign was back up. In every other Subway location when checking out they ask if you want a combo, and if you say yes they push combo, and the register gives the combo price. After seeing the sign that says 6" sandwich and 21 oz drink $3, I removed a 21oz cup. The lady rang it up and said $5.50. I asked how do I get the combo? She said oh, you have to tell me that. Then frustrated she hit several buttons until it reflected the price. Shouldn't the combo be a standard item? All other times they ask if the customer wants a combo. If the combo is a sandwich and a medium drink and a customer orders and sandwich then takes a medium cup, shouldn't that be a clue? Either way, I think this location needs some additional training. 04/30/12: There seems to be confusion on the April promo of buy one get one free. It says get a free 6" sandwich when you buy any 6" sandwich before 9. My first attempt I ordered the sandwich and nothing was mentioned. I came back for lunch and asked how it worked. The lady said the customer has to tell them in the morning, they enter a code, and it prints on the receipt. No free one that day. I went back again to the same location and upon ordering my breakfast sandwich I asked about the free one. She said I could get it now. I don't want it now. I want it at lunch. I don't want it sitting on my desk attracting germs nor do I want to re-heat it to kill said germs. After saying I didn't want it now, she said okay. It wasn't entered and actually I didn't even get a receipt :-/The product line is the same as every Subway. The challenge is the shop is small with limited seating and fills up quickly at lunch.
3	Subway is A-OK but I prefer Blimpies !However, since Subway is on every corner, it seems like,  I do enjoy a Subway sandwich from time to time.Lets face it, Subway has more choices when it comes to what kind of sub you want.  They even serve breakfast.  They open at I think 7AM ? They close late at 10PM.Subway does everything right.  Maybe that's why they are on every corner and Blimpie seems to be closing all their locations at least in Phoenix.I still prefer me a Blimpie !
5	This Subway has always had fast service and the employees are pleasant and not stupid like at the Subway across the street, next to Walgreens. They have never screwed up my sandwich and always charged me what they were supposed to, unlike other said Subway.
3	Very nice clean Subway. Staff was friendly but a little slow and my wife actually made a comment on how skimpy they were with the veggies (this from a 110 lb waif). You could do worse than this Subway. Recommend.
