3	I hate the star ratings sometimes--this is a dive bar--how can one really rate a dive bar with a star rating when others use the same star rating for ,say, a gourmet restaurant?!?!This bar has some nice vintage touches left inside.  Outside, though, is an  awesome  neon sign!  It is a dive bar-nuttin' special.
5	This is truly a hidden treasure if you're a drinker and like dive bars, like me!!! This place doesn't have the most amazing selection of beer or booze but you cannot complain when it only costs 3 dollars for a beer AND a shot. $3 dollars!!! It isn't in the best hood, but its a great place to get drunk and cheap! Oh, has a pool table and a juke box.
4	Any Beer, Any Shot, $3!! (okay well they won't give you Crown or 1800 for the shot, I can handle that) That pretty much sums it up.  Why not 5 stars?  Somehow I ALWAYS wind up sitting next to the tweeker who won't stop yacking my ear off.  Drinker be warned:  Coming here for "a few beers" will also get you a few shots, it's actually hard to stay sober here.
4	This joint IS a dive bar. not a punk rock dive bar, but a real life dive. A dive bar is hood. a dive bar scares you a little bit upon arrival (admit it) but it's that fear that keeps you coming back, This place is a tad seedy.  Not quite the seediest, but you won't see a bachlorette party here. ever. Before there was pub crawls here, we made our own. This was #5 on the list, the bartender was a really cool old rocker chick, real cool lady. They had a deal ANY shot AND  ANY beer for 3 bucks that still might be going on. We got gangsta and where doing shots of crown and spraying each other with the beer. Rocker bartender joined in. epic!
2	This place has so much potential. From looking at the sign outside, you think that you've hit divebar heaven! The one and only time that I went there, the bartender had a huge bucket of cleaning solution sitting on top of the bar. I couldn't stand smelling it, or listening to the orange t-shirt clad union electrician bitch about some unfair wage of $35 an hour that he was receiving at the City Center. It's nautical outside, but inside decor is all Pirates of the Caribbean shit from the 99 cents store!  Weak.
3	Great old school dive bar. From the buzzer to get in right down to the smoke stench that sticks to you like stink on a turd but it's a good place to check out. Friendly bartender, the neighborhood 'regulars' are a wacky bunch. Had a good time, especially after a few of the specials: $4 beer and shot. Do it!
4	The Bar: Located in the ghetto of Las Vegas. The cab ride to unknown territory was terrifying. The bar however, nice place. Located in a strip mall as most have been lately, small little place. The only signage with the bar name on the building itself was on the door leading in, which appeared to be written in window paint. Upon entry, the bartender must identify you through the glass, in which you are then buzzed in. We're guessing this must be a high crime area. The outside of the establishment is kinda dingy but the inside is quite nice. When you visit this place, make sure to check out Flavor Flavs House of Flavor located just behind the bar. The Crowd: Not much of a crowd at all for a Tuesday evening. 6 patrons, 2 staff, and we brought 5 others. Overall, very friendly and a lot of fun to say the least.Service: Service was prompt, but they were expecting us at the time.Prices: CHEAP! $1.50 Miller High Life everyday 24/7.Entertainment: Internet Jukebox, 4 TV's, 1 pool table, couple of slot machines, cigarette machine, and video poker on the bar.Restroom: Definitely dive bar material, but maintained throughout the night.Bartender Chat: Our poison pusher for the evening was Lindsey. She was great... very attentive to everyone in the bar. Great attitude and beautiful. Hesitant to have her photo taken, but we convinced her along with a couple of shots. Closing statement:  Overall, good place. Would definitely visit again. Downside, no PBR, no Jameson and no pitchers. Also, must mention the monsoon from hell, which knocked out the power, but once it came back on, so did the partying!
2	Well way to go, Sign for Davy's Locker.  You made me think this place was going to be super cool but then proved to be just another run-down bar once I got inside.  Thanks for breaking my heart.I'm a big fan of dive bars as long as they have something to offer; whether it's atmosphere (Frankie's), clientele (Champagne's), or drink selection (Money Plays).  Davy's Locker offers none of the above.  Basically, this is an old bar covered in pirate stuff from Party City and the Dollar Tree.  It's too forced- and even though we're talking about a dive bar here- too tacky.  The bartender was not friendly, the neighborhood too sketchy, and the other customers that were there were angry people.  I did find the display of tiny Sutter Home wine bottles amusing.Nikki Jo's Ladies Restroom Review:I did not take the risk.  I would suggest you do the same.
5	This is probably my favorite bar in Las Vegas!  It's definitely the only bar where I have sat and experienced two shift changes and still hung out a little longer! Every bartender to walk in the door was just a blast and chatted with me for hours!This became my GO TO spot to meet my friends.  I also became good friends with a lot of the regulars and each of the bartenders... except for that guy Chris... I think they called him Holler... He would just flex his muscles and it started to get weird... ;-)I really don't have a bad thing to say about this spot, it will always be my first stop whenever I come back to Las Vegas!!
5	Before you read my review know this: I grew up in a small town and my definition of dive is way different than many folks' idea of a dive bar.  If there wasn't a protective cage around the band (yeah, the "chicken coop" then it was probably a fancy place and you didn't want to drink there.  I was not put off about the outer appearance of Davy's at all.NOTE TO FUTURE PATRONS:  I have never had a problem in the parking lot but definitely use common sense.  The staff does monitor their portion of the lot as best they can, and I have always been escorted and watched out the door until I make it to my car on the late nights if I'm going out by myself.Absolutely one of my favorite dive bars.  I use this one to separate the men from the boys when I have visitors.  If you can't make it past the initial appearance from the parking lot, then I'll probably haul your ass back to the strip and make you pay for $15 kiddie meal sized drinks  for both of us the rest of your trip.  LOLFor the record, I've not had a visitor who hasn't loved this place.  The staff and the patrons (and the crazy cheap drinks) have made this on to many of my visitor's "top" lists and has been the spot for many a memorable night.*CASH ONLY but they have an ATM on site*Pros:Staff - Chris (Holler), who I was happy to find again after being a customer of his in another bar, is always smiling and happy.  Makes some mean drinks and ensures everyone feels welcome and is comfortable and having a good time. Midnight Chris is a chilled out gentleman; well spoken and interesting conversationalist when you want to chat, but also maintains a low-key yet attentive vibe.  Probably one of my all-time favorite midnight bartenders. Does great photos and keeps the Davy's FB page looking tight.  Marion is awesome.  Baseball and keeping it real - love her.  She makes some of the best jello shots in the world.Drinks - prices are super and the jello shots are yummy.  They now have ginger beer!!!  Bar is well stocked and if they don't have it, they will get it for you. Interior - pirate themed as previously mentioned.  Clean.  This place is set up shotgun shack style.  Long bar with gaming, a few tables, and another bank of gaming machines opposite the bar.  Pool table sits near the entrance and gives players ample room.  Did I mention clean?  Yes.  No creepy crawlies or cooties.  They DO NOT play about keeping the ladies room clean.  Its old, but not dirty.  If something is amiss, let them know and it will be attended to ASAP. Patrons vary from neighborhood regulars to ????  You just never know.  Always a good crowd though.  I've never seen anyone flip out or have attitude.  I'm certain if it happens, the staff takes care of business ASAP. The people are just great.  I've been party to or overheard everything from philosophy to the absurd in here.  Cons - Limited parking on the super busy nights.  Not that big of a deal really.Cash only - not a problem, but some people don't like that.Bonus - great Mexican place two doors down and no one minds if you bring the food in to the bar.
4	Going on an east side dive bar run? Make sure you don't forget Davy's Locker! This isn't really the greatest neighborhood but they have a private, well lit parking lot and a doorbell to keep the place secured. The staff is friendly, the drinks are CHEAP, and best of all, the sign! OMG the sign! Aside from downtown and the strip, it's one of the finest examples of vintage neon signs in the whole valley! Recently, there were fundraisers to get it fixed and now that it's restored to its former glory, I just can't help but admire it every time I see it. Go Davy's!
3	I stopped in at Davy's Locker just to get a quick drink as I was waiting for my wife to get out of work, so this review is based on about 15 minutes there. Now this place is a dive bar, if you do not like them I would not recommend it. The bar is in a shady area with a decent size parking lot shared between a few businesses. The front door is always locked unless buzzed in, might make some people feel safer for the area it's located in. Now I'm a fan of dive bars so the decor (cheap pirate theme, cheap signs everywhere, nothing fancy) was fine with me. There was one pool table that looked in decent condition and charged $1 a game, if any ball hits the ground while playing it's a $1 charge. The bar was lined with fairly outdated gaming machines but once again it's a dive bar and fits in just right. The female bartender I had seemed nice in the short time I was there and service was good, however there were only two other customers inside. The restroom was in bad condition but I'm a guy and it doesn't bother me, females might not feel as comfortable. The only negatives I have was the fact they only accepted cash, there is an atm inside and charges $2, they should let you know prior to ordering. The MAIN COMPLAINT I have was my Jack and coke was definitely WATERED DOWN, I have never had a weaker Jack and coke, I watcher her pour it and the quantity of Jack Daniels was there but the taste/ flavor was not. It did only cost $3 but I was not happy about that. I will stop by again when they have a live band and spend a longer time there to get a full vibe of the place.
5	What's that you say, you are looking for a dive bar? A dive bar with a very groovy vintage neon sign? Look no further, this joint is as divish as a dive bar gets! Cheap drinks! Cheap eats! Not only that, this place is pure vintage Las Vegas. ok so parking is not so great, but you can't have everything. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
