3	Chuck and Larry talked me into their Friday afternoon ritual of expressing a Panda. Er.. of Panda Express.  I was secretly amused by the message on my cup that becked me to believe that orange chicken was truly a Panda Express "original."  I mean, I haven't exactly done hard research on the subject, but I'm pretty sure there is exactly nothing original about their particular brand of super americanized "chinese" fast food.The overall blandness of the place matches well with their food. Even dishes you would think would be spicy and exciting somehow manage to be tame and underflavored.  That's ok though, sometimes blandness can have a certain charm to it.  At least you know what you're getting into.  And the portions are plentiful.  And by plentiful I mean holy crap, what kind of a pig am I that I was able to eat most of it?It's true what they say though. In two hours, I'll be hungry again, and I when I am, it's a pretty sure bet that I won't be thinking of Panda Express.
4	This location has super sweet employees, something I'm not used to when I go into a Panda Express. The food was good and I didn't have to wait long. The only bummer I had here was that they didn't have potstickers. The cashier explained to me that they don't carry them in Arizona stores and then proceeded to hold an actual conversation with me. It was nice to talk to someone who wasn't robotic and actual cared. I'll definitely be going back.
3	During the lunch rush the line almost makes its way out the door sometimes, so employees are motivated to get you through quickly.  The food here is typical, bland, and uninspired, which is sometimes good when you just don't want any surprises.  Don't expect to get anything too pungent or too spicy here.  Because the food is kept in warming trays, it usually has a "dried out" taste to it if you don't get it fresh during the lunch rush (and even then, it's not a given).  If you find yourself starving near College and University and can't decide on what to eat, eat at Panda.
3	Before you freak out on me about how Panda Express isn't really food.  I KNOW!  I will cover that.I usually don't like chain restaurants, and if you are eating here, it is probably because you are in a hurry, and choices are limited.  It isn't really "real" food, but sometimes you've just got to do what you've got to do.  Not a place I would eat daily or even weekly,  but there are a few things I like here:1.  The iced tea is great.2.  Their chili paste (comes in a little packet on the side) is quite good, actually a bit spicy, and can make their uninteresting fare flavorful.3.  Entree:  The Sweet Fire Chicken with the above mentioned chili paste added is a fairly good fast food meal. It is basically breaded, fried, and candied chicken breast meat, so take it for what you will.4.  If you get vegetables rather than the noodles or rice, it really starts to resemble something quasi healthy, which it still isn't, but  do what ya gotta do to get through the day.
3	Let me first start by saying I rarely eat any sort of Oriental food, mainly because it just never sits well in my stomach, but I do enjoy the taste so I will try and make this review as unbiased as possible. 1. The food taste good- thats the most important thing, right? It's by no means on the level of a sit down Hibachi style restaurant but we're talking fast food here so I'm not going to compare apples and oranges. I love fried rice and ate a lot of it growing up and compared to the home cooked stuff I am used to this fried rice is kinda plain. There is not a flavor to out that really stands out. Most likely due to the fact that they cook the fried rice in such bulk that it's more quantity then quality. The orange chicken was really good and the meat doesn't tast too fast foodie. I wouldn't compare it to eating a chicken nugget from McDonalds. 2. The price- It's a little more expensive then say Burger King or McDonalds but i am ok with that because I don't feel like I am eating half food half grease. I got Fried rice and a double order of Orange chicken with a drink and it cost me roughly $8.25. It was a good chunk of both so I only ended up eating half of it. I eat like a bird anyway. Seconds anyone?3. The service- While there was no real delay in getting food (it's semi buffet style so they serve your food you just walk down and pick what you want) The employees aren't really cheerful. They weren't mean or rude by any means, they just didn't seem to happy to be there. I work really close to this place but have only been to it two or three times in the past 2 months. Like I said, my stomach does not like me when I eat Chinese so I do my best to stay on it's good side.
4	Consistantly prepared the same from one local restaurant to the next.  I love the Walnut glazed prawns.  But other dishes are also good.  It's decent food with an Asian appeal. I stir clear of the dishes with a lot of dye in the sauce but that's usually only 2. It's freshly prepared about every 25 minutes in most cases and it's openuntil 10:30pm
3	Express YourselfBy The RueMy, my, my you're so predictable, My little Panda, Your calorie content should be criminal,Wear a bandana, The words I speak could be biblical,Fish Called Wanda,If presented as evidence it'd be admissible,Join Tri-Lambda. Free side of Thai cashew chicken,Today only,Blood pressure up, heart rate quicken,Ride on a pony, Hot mustard behind the counter hidden, Beef tastes phony, On the board the prices are written,Cashier boney. NOODLE!!
4	if you like Chinese food, you'll really like panda Expres
4	Not real Chinese food. But it's a healthy and quick restaurant. Especially when you need to go to class.
3	Actually real Chinese food is far more delicious than those in Panda Express, those food in Panda is extremely oily. It tastes okay but remember its not real Chinese food.
1	Fix your online hours so I don't drive out of my way to your employees turning the open sign off early. Thanks.
1	The website says that they are supposed to close at 10 pm and they were closed at 8:30. That's ridiculous and unacceptable. On top of that, there was no signage out front of the restaurant displaying their hours of operation. Poor poor execution and I'm a Panda fan!!!
