2	The concept is great and the raw foods are very good.  But it all falls down with the service.  I've experienced long waits here.
3	So this place has me a little bit confused. On the one hand, I really want to say that I'm rating it on the burgers which are pretty decent, on the other hand, they have a specialty called a Kogo which is just AWESOME!Okay, so the 3* rating on top is for the burger, so I'll get into that:The burger is bought as a basic with nothing on it. Then you begin picking and choosing all from the vegetables and different, sometimes exotic, sauces to put on the burger.The list of add-ons can range from the basic "cheddar, pickle, ketchup" to "brie, caramelized onions, wasabi mayonnaise". Yeah. It's cool. The meat is where I felt a slight short coming though. I think there's some kind of herb in it, maybe like parsley that makes it taste a little bit like the Arabic grill meat "Kafta". It's a decent burger though. If I was hungry and it was there, I wouldn't think twice about ordering it. Of course, though, the add-ons could become expensive. The brie goes for $2.00 and the caramelized onions go for $1.50. On top of a $5.00 burger that isn't too big, we're talking possibly $10 for a not so big burger. Still, it's fun to try these random things on your patty of meat.The Kogo though, I would rate 5*. What's a Kogo? A Korean Pogo. It's basically a corn dog whose batter was mixed in with chopped potato cubes and the deep-fried to make one hell of a heart-busting snack. It's heavy, greasy, and combined with their amazing spicy mayonnaise sauce it makes it a gorgeous, artery clogging snack. If that's not your cup of tea though, then don't bother. I LOVE it! Okay maybe I exaggerated a little. It is quite heavy but the reason I explained it like that cause on my first time, I went ahead and got 3 of them. It was hell and walking back home, I felt my heart cursing me.Anyway, the rating I gave was based on their burgers, so if that's what you're here for, look at the paragraph on the burgers.
3	I've only eaten here once, however I'm more loyal to Buns' burgers, which is literally around the corner. The (better) difference here is that you can choose your burger toppings and have more of a variety of options to choose from, which can make it more appealing. My definite recommendation: The "Kogo," or Korean Pogo, is absolutely delicious and what the majority of this review is riding on.
5	Really fantastic hole-in-the-wall. What makes this place is the add-ons - I had the wasabi mayo and dried tomato sauces, the former which gave the burger an incredibly unique flavor. I opted out of cheese, but I think brie or gouda would have been really interesting. Creative and delicious.
5	This is one of my absolute FAVORITE places to eat in montreal. The burgers are fairly priced, and the list of toppings puts this place above their competitors (like buns around the corner). You can chose from a beef burger, grilled chicken or steak. Personally, I am a huge fan of the chicken burger since i find it hard to find chicken burgers that aren't deep fried and that aren't super expensive. I usually get provolone, mushrooms and wasabi mayo on top. The fries and onion rings aren't anything special, but they go great with the meal. If you are on the more adventurous side, I would suggest ordering the salad. The dressing almost tastes like a creamy ponzu sauce, and is super delicious. I've tried the kogos too. They're cheaper than ordering a burger and you get a free dipping sauce. The kogos are like corndogs but the batter has little pieces of potato in them. Very yummy. You can get a variety of sodas and juices to go with your meal. If i get a burger, side and a drink it comes up to about $9-$10. I definitely recommend this place!
4	Very good bugers with many different toppings to chose from including Kimchi (gimchi, kimchee, or kim chee)Service is quick and efficient though you'll probably need to take it to go since there is VERY LIMITED seating.Poutine, fries, pogos are also on the menu; they also have sweet potato fries
5	I just discovered Picks yesterday, and I'm kicking myself for not having tried it sooner! I used to like Buns burgers but Picks is so much better on so many levels and still doesn't break the bank. It's a tiny place with lots of character-- half of it is the open kitchen, and one wall is covered by pictures drawn by customers past. You get a paper menu and colour in your picks, and then voila! a beautiful burger exactly the way you want it. They have a great variety of sauces, cheeses, and toppings to choose from. I had never tried kimchi or wasabi mayo on a burger before but everyone must try this!
3	It's not much to look at, and it really could use a new coat of paint but Picks remains a go-to place for me.I've tried their kogos and was okay with them but where they shine despite themselves is in the burger topping department.Understand this: they are re-firing your patty so don't expect a plump and juicy burger. Rather, you will get a patty that does not interfere with the toppings that you chose to grace upon your burger. This, actually, is a good thing, and I'll tell you why.The lettuce, kimchi, and wasabi mayonnaise burger that I ordered not once relinquished a single drop to the plate. Nope, every last nose-hair singeing molecule of wasabi stayed on station and every drop of pungent kimchi juice assaulted my mouth and lips.My face was on fire from the delicious double whammy of spices yet I continued to smile like the Buddha. Ohm nom nom...
4	I got a Kogo. It's effectively a Pogo (but higher-quality) with built-in fries, and the batter's a little more potatoey, so it's got this nice texture. It should taste good with any dip, but I'd suggest the aioli. Didn't try the burger but they looked pretty fly.
4	Always good solid burgers totally customizable and the kogos are great don't forget to drink an Arnold Palmer they stock em
4	Excellent place for what it is, a good Korean quality burger to go with some onion rings and kimchi. Will take this over McDonald's all day all night its somewhat unique. I wouldn't actually sit and eat there, the place is quite small and not much of an ambiance
