5	Sun Cyclery is awesome, I cannot believe no one has reviewed it yet with the growing popularity of bikes, especially in the downtown area.Sun Cyclery is the place to go. They have parts and accessories like heavy duty inner tubes, alloy wheels, mirrors, headlights and seats. Everything you would need or want to customize your bike. Their bike selection is everything from lowrider bikes to BMX bikes and mountain bikes to vintage and repro Schwinns. So whether you are fixing up your bike or looking for the latest Virve Paul Frank bike, or just need a part, Sun Cyclery probably has what you are looking for. And if they don't, they can get it for you. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly, eager to help you or chat about bikes. They fix and repair bikes on the spot, as well as maintenance. They are also an authorized Schwinn dealer.
5	Sun is probably my favorite bike shop- and I frequent bike shops since my bike is always broken. They have a great selection of Nirve, Electra, Phat, Schwinn, and others- plus a nice smattering of vintage bikes for sale. The selection of parts and accessories is large too- if you don't see what you want, ask. Chances are, they have it in the back. The staff is great- they'll help you find what you need, recommend something new, or order what you're looking for. The prices are comparable to other bike shops, but the service is why Sun has been so successful.
5	the best part about Sun Cyclery is definitely the service. the guys working here are knowledgeable, friendly and pretty much amazing. they went above and beyond helping me find accessories for my vintage Schwinn and then made sure everything was put on properly. they even took the time out to look up what year my bike was born. i originally came in to replace the seat but because i have a much older bike, the shop didn't have the proper equipment needed to fit and put a new one on. instead of just saying "tough luck" and sending me on my sad and seatless way, they took extra care to explain what I needed to do and where to get it done.so if you have a bike that needs some TLC, please take it to the guys at Sun Cyclery. and if you don't have a bike, they have an awesome selection to choose from. what are you waiting for? the weather is GORGEOUS outside so let's go cruising! if all else fails, i'll let you ride on my handlebars.
5	After scouring high and low for the perfect bike, I finally found it here. Aside from the good price they gave me, the service was really great. A guy named Adam helped me out and he was really friendly and knowledgeable about all the question I had to throw at him.Overall, they have a pretty wide selection of bikes which is nice to see because every bike store in Phoenix seems to only sell beach cruiser types or mountain bikes. As far as accessories go, you can find pretty much anything you're looking for here from locks to a horn for your handle bar. Another great reason to buy from here is that if you get a bike, you get one free tune-up whenever you want to come back in.Come here for the perfect bike, perfect service, and perfect selection of what they have to offer.
5	Totally awesome customer service!I bought my neighbor's bike last week and wanted to accessorize it.  You know, bling it out.  Bedazzle it.  First, though, I needed tubes.Sun was definitely the place to go.  Everyone was incredibly friendly and knowledgeable.  They have a huge selection of bikes.  It doesn't look like it from the outside, but there have got to be a gazillion bikes up in here.I brought Dexter, of course.  He was a hit, I tell ya.About a week later, it was time to get a basket.  I wanted one that The Dex could fit into, so I brought him with me, again.  I like places where I can take him with me.  It makes the world feel like a better place.Anyway, found a big basket that I can fit Dexter into, or my laptop, whichever activity I'm about to do.  The manager, Joe, told me to bring my bike in to have the basket installed.  These guys are great and I'm so glad I can ride my bike around the corner to the store.  I'll be a frequent shopper!
4	Had to add my two cents cause I can't believe nobody mentioned that Sun has the best selection of BENTS, [that's recumbents] in Phoenix! Joe and the gang are a bit jaded about their unconforts [that's uprights], they still know tons about our beloved recombos. We ride all around central city on a vararity of bikes and trikes, and we're allways gettig asked about our rides;1-What are those?2- Are they confortable?----YES3-How do you steer?---- It varies 4- Where can I see, try, buy one?--- I always suggest SUN CYCLERY!Great service and I think they have uprights.
5	The BEST GUYS ever! And if I am ever unemployed, I hope they give me a job. Great service, very personable, and a good supply of merchandise. Check out their not-so-newly-acquired collection of vintage bikes. If you're ever having a bad day, go to Sun, test drive a bike, and crack some jokes with Joe. I recently purchased a $30 thrift store bike for my besty's b-day, and Joe really went out of his way to strip my bike, offer powder coating advice, and then re-assemble and pimp out the new bike. Totally exceeded my expectations!
5	I'm so glad Rickie's tire got a flat. Well. I mean maybe not SO glad...but glad we stumbled upon Sun Cyclery. This has to be some sort of 2 wheeled mecca (though I saw many 3 wheeled bikes as well) to cyclist enthusiasts. Yep. Those 3 wheeled bikes were pretty cool and very comfortable. I see a guy in CenPho peddling around and I thought to myself..."Self, what's this dork doing on that weird bike?" Well now I know he's far more comfortable with back support than a conventional bike. Now. Let's get this out of the way. Yes. They did have a Hello Kitty bike. It was too small (hmmm do you think it might be for a little girl LOL?) And it was $400. And I'm not looking to buy a bike. The variety of bikes was unreal! I truly was mesmerized and insisted on seeing every bike while they repaired Rickie's tire. Each seemed so unique and oh so cool. Though they are really crammed in there and you are unable to pull one away to check it out. That probably means "NO TOUCHIE!" I have to say I like at Wal Mart (I know, stone me, stone me) how the bikes are on slides and you can take them off and give 'em a sitty. But all in all this was a fun detour on our errand day. Great customer service. Amazing bike selection. Cool store. Hey. Maybe it is time for me to get some wheels. Last bike I bought was in 6th grade...a Schwinn Varsity 10 speed...I think it was around $70. I had to dust a lot of furniture at Bernard's to get that baby...
4	The Husband and I needed bikes.  Why?  Well, to ride to Luci's, of course!  And how else would you take a ride to your favorite local coffee shop, but in a darling cruiser-type bike purchased from a cute little local bike shop?  The service and selection at Sun Cyclery were top-notch.  Adam was incredibly helpful on each of my (count 'em) 4 visits when deciding which bike to purchase.  Since looks were my main criteria for choosing a bike, he made sure that I could deck out my new ride with a wicker basket and shiny bell.  Does it get any better than that?  I love love love my bike (as does the Husband) and just can't wait until the weather is suitable for showing off ... ahem... riding once again.
5	I had bought a bike from someone on Craigslist after being assured by the staff at "Bike Barn" in Phoenix that they do ship recumbents and could pack ship the Bacchetta Strada plus some extra components to me for $60 plus shipping via Fed Ex.  I then never heard from them after they got my bike.  I called two days later and the Manager then told me that the guy who confirmed with me was new and they don't really do that for $60, it should be more, but they would figure something out.  Then they called me and said they were going to pack it all in a huge 7foot box and had determined with FedEx that it was gonna cost me $441 to San Francisco!  They gave me some attitude when I said that was utterly ridiculous, given that I shipped a trike from Florida to San Francisco for $150 total.  I could fly there, pick it up and fly it back for less!  They were unsympathetic and downright unhelpful whe nI suggeste they pack it in two boxes and they just actually suggested I ship it via truck!  I called Sun Cyclery (Bike Barn got a box from them).The difference in attitude and service was dramatic and amazing!  Joe at Sun was friendly, polite and knowledgeable and said he had just shipped something similar to my bike for a LOT less than $441!  He explained that Bike Barn should know better than to ship it all in one box and that two boxes were required to keep it within FedEx shipping Requirements.  Joe went over and picked up the bike (after Bike Barn refused to drive it the 6 mi.)  He packed it and shipped it four days earlier than promised and for $227 total!  I was really impressed and grateful and would recommend Sun Cyclery to anyone wanting a bike of any sort.  He even packed it securely using old inner tubes, which were inflated inside the box to keep it all snug and secure!  Creative attention to detail, friendly, polite and platinum quality service is what you get from Sun.  Avoid Bike Barn at all costs!
5	If you are in the market for a bike, or need your current bike fixed up, look no further. I've been coming to Sun Cyclery for about 11 years, and the products, service, and support are really unmatched.Three weeks ago I bought a brand new Electra beach cruiser, which I am in love with. Someday man will be able to marry a bike, and then I can marry my bike, it's really that great.What I love about Sun Cyclery, is the people there. They eat, sleep, and breathe bikes, and if they don't know about it, it probably doesn't matter. When I first started researching beach cruisers, Electra quickly rose to the top. I visited Sun, and was helped by Adam, who was great. I discussed what I wanted, and he helped steer me in the right direction. Another sign of a great place, when they don't automatically steer you towards the most expensive item, or recommend you buy things you don't need.Moving on, after weeks of thinking, I picked up a sweet blue Electra cruiser, and what's great about Sun, is they have SOOOO many great accessories, you can totally trick out your bike, and make it yours. Best of all, you can personalize your bike, and not break the bank. For example, a bike I really wanted was around $600, and rather then buy that, I purchased a $230 bike, and just added on the coolest and best extras, which really made my bike mine. Btw, my tip to the bold, rather than buy a bike bell, pick up a cool horn, Sun has sumu wrestlers, sharks, pigs, etc. You name it, they have it.When I went to purchase my bike, Joe had some awesome recommendations, I added on a white tires, and a white bike chain. I would have never thought of that, but once on the bike, it looked amazing! Did you know for around $15 you can buy a colored bike chain which totally accents your bike? They have every color, and they showed me this super cool neon green, which would look great too.In closing, you will not go wrong at Sun. Places like this are truly a lost art. They really love bikes, and value customers. This is the rare place that you can go to and just ask questions, and learn about bikes. Don't just take my word for it, go see for yourself, and have a great time.
5	I made the mistake of strolling into Landis first.  Well, actually, it wasn't a mistake, because it helped me really appreciate how cool the guys at Sun Cyclery are.  I got Josh's undivided attention for as long as it took for me to test ride, choose and accesorize my bike.  There wasn't a question he couldn't answer or a tip about this bike or that.  I ended up with a beautifl 3G that just happens to match my car.  But it gets better.  When I went to pick up my bike, Joe helped my put my ancient bike rack on the back of my PT in the middle of the day - roasting hot sun - and he did it all with a smile!  Josh is a genius at accesories, but not at all pushy.  Adam took time to say hi and say he was glad I had wandered in.  While I was there, I watched various associates giving excellent service to everyone who was there.  Best purchasing experience I have had in AGES.  Oh, and it gets better.  In two or three months I take my totally amazing bike back for a free tune-up!  Yay!  A word to the wise - if you don't speak bikedon't to go Landis - go to Sun Cyclery.
4	Excellent place. They have some really neat bikes at a great price. Brought my bike in to have them put a new tube in and check the chain and it was done very quick and ran about 25 bucks.
1	Wow- I honestly cannot believe what happened to me at this place. I purchased 2 bikes and 2 locks about 3 weeks earlier, and the gentleman who helped me then was great. About 2 weeks later, one of the tumblers in the lock fell apart. I took the lock back in, with the receipt, and the owner (?) basically said that the lock must have been tampered with, and he wouldn't let me exchange a $20 lock after spending over $800.....really? He was basically calling me a liar, and when I tried to explain that it would be good customer service to exchange the crappy lock, he stepped up really close in my face, and said "don't tell me about customer service!" Wow! Obviously someone needs to tell him because he hasn't got a clue. He could not have handled the situation worse than he did. There are so many great bike shops in Phoenix that thankfully I will never have to support those thugs ever again. I would suggest that, unless you like buying defective merchandise with no exchanges allowed, to avoid this place and support local establishments who actually care about their customers.
4	The Good:I took me old sad Schwinn 10 speed in to get it shiny and ready to ride.  I wanted to run my dog while riding the bike. Before they fixed up my bike they called and we spoke about the possible problems using a ten speed for walking my dog.  I ended up buying a bike that fit the need a little better.  The Bad:It's very hard to get in and out of the parking lot during rush hour.
4	It was recommended that I visit this shop to inquire about parts for a 1969 Schwinn Stingray I was rebuilding.  Although they did not have everything I needed in stock, Allen (the most helpful individual I have met), made a complete list of everything I would need, priced it for me and rather than trying to sell me the things they already had in the shop, recommended I wait to get the bicycle back from powder coating before I start piecing it together blindly. Not only this, but he loosened some parts I just could not get off myself due to the rust and age of the bike for a "shop donation."  I will definitely be back to see him and although I could buy what I need online, I will go back to Allen because of his great and kind customer service.Thanks Allen
5	Just bought a bike here. Amazing selection whether you're a mountain biker, or an urban rider. Great costumer services ; Adam is very nice and helpful! I'd recommend anyone to buy a bike here, and only here!
5	Went in to my first bike store to start shopping around and realized I didn't need to look any further! Great help from Adam, made us feel like we were the only ones in the store. Great honest service and a fun atmosphere, I would recommend this place if your are looking for a bike! Ill be back soon to continue buying things for my bike!!
5	Someone climbed up my 2nd floor balcony and decided they needed my bike more than I needed it for work. Joe was great in helping me to replace my Electra Townie. I had been to three other bike shops before I came here. The people just weren't interested in selling a bike or they were skate boarders treating me like I was too old to ride a bike. The selection at Sun Cyclery is vast. I upgraded my bike and outfitted it with everything I need. Joe made suggestions and let me chose what I thought was best for me. There was no pressure.  He was very knowledgeable about  every aspect of my needs. In the future, I wouldn't hesitate to just stop in on any given day if I needed help with my bike.   All bikes come with a free tune up and minor adjustments as needed.  They have all kinds of accessories. The prices are fare. What a great group of guys. I truly enjoyed my experience today.
4	Outstanding knowledge of cruisers, mountain and road bikes.  I have been to all of the other bike shops in town and Joe and his crew are the most knowledgable.  If they don't have what you need they will order it.  And they will even send you to their competitors if you are desperate for parts. Great selection of cruisers and an improving selection of road bikes.  They now carry a great selection of Cannondale  road bikes.  Looking for baskets and cruiser saddles, look no further.  The only drawback is a lack of more items for road bikes.
5	Took my daughters bike in for inner tubes after 5:30 on a Friday. The guy was nice and said he could change them right then if we wanted. Honestly, I was too tired to wait, but her bike was ready the very next day. When we picked up the bike, a different guy helped us and we were in and out. No wait time. The staff seem very nice and helpful. The price wasn't too bad. When I originally called about pricing, Mike provided me with 3 different pricing options which was nice bc I wasn't able to spend too much. My experience was great and I would definitely use them again.
1	Asked sales associate if they match competitors prices and was told "we don't have competitors". We told him if that's the case then we'll just go back over to your competitor and buy from them.
4	Nice place, nice guys.  They recommended the tougher inner tubes for my bike, which are a must in central Phoenix.
5	Purchased my daughters bike here, the staff was really friendly and helped find the right bike for her. Thanks cool people at S.C
5	I searched for a bike and hit most Phoenix major and some minor bike shops. I was very impressed by one, but ultimately liked the bike and the customer service at Sun. Joe helped me and made sure the bike fit my needs and was accessorized appropriately. I'd definitely recommend Sun to anyone looking for a bike. The location is excellent for those of us in Central Phoenix and he took time to explain to me why I needed extra thorn protection. I always need help being protected from life's thorns, don't you? Seriously, I'd recommend Sun without hesitation. Also, the other staff were very helpful, harvesting my brother's old bike of things I could use on my new bike.
5	I purchased an Electra for my wife here 8 months ago. When I went to pick it up the custom elements I had selected with the help of an employee would not work. Without those elements the bike was not what we were looking for. The owner allowed me to selected a bike that came with the elements I was looking for and worked with me on the price to make it work for all of us. There outstanding customer service has resulted in us purchasing another Electra and a whole bunch of accessories.  We also referred my mother-in-law who just purchased a cruiser there as well. All the guys are super friendly and love to talk bikes. We will keep going back and referring everyone we know
5	My experience with the guys at Sun Cyclery was so great that I was compelled to write my first Yelp review. Recommended to me by a friend who went in for some accessories to pimp out her ride, I decided to check it out and do the same. Adam was very friendly and seemed almost as excited as I was to make my bike even cooler. He didn't pressure me into anything and had no problem walking around the store with me recommending various components. A tune-up, some new pedals, chain, handlebars and grips and I was on my way. Inspired by my first visit to the shop, I decided to come back in a few weeks later with some items that I purchased online as they weren't available in store. Hard to believe because they have a TON of accessories.  Joe was more than happy to install the outside items and absolutely went above and beyond in making the bike look like new again. I mean, it was really scuffed from having an old cable lock wrapped around the white frame and generally banged up, and Joe polished and waxed it BY HAND  to the point that it looks brand new and gleams in the sun. Unparalleled customer service. I won't take my bike anywhere else.
5	My double jogging stroller had a flat tire and trouble folding. Their service was excellent and quick! I'm a new customer but I will be back! Thanks guys!!
5	Doesn't get any better than this! I don't even consider myself a big bike person but I had so much fun at this store I will probably become a regular. They have the absolute BEST customer service. They stayed a few extra minutes to wait for me to grab my bike and bring it back to get a new basket installed and while they did it I spoke with Larry - the owner - who has rocked this shop for over 35 years!!!This is EXACTLY the kind of businesses (and staffs) that enhances our communities in Phoenix. We are mighty lucky to have businesses like this!Another note, Sun Cyclery has an awesome selection of bike accessories. Have fun decking out your ride!
4	Allan came and helped me just as soon as I walked in and was really patient with me while I asked him a slew of questions and gave me the various options that would work best for me.  Great customer service and even put my bike features on the bike in no time and back to the house for a ride I went!
5	I became interested in recumbent trikes but hadn't ridden one yet. I live in Iowa and was visiting my parents in Apache Junction in March. I decided to check out trikes while I was where it was warm and Sun Cyclery was close by. Allan met me at the door and immediately I knew I had come to the right place. I told him I was from iowa and looking for a trike. He didn't miss a beat, he walked me through everything I needed to know, and had me test ride many models.   I never really intended to buy anything that day but  Allans enthusiasm sold me. I ended up buying a beautiful Catrike Road with some accessories knowing full well that I wouldn't see it again until May when my parents came home. I only wish  I had a shop like this back home.
5	They were the best to buy from a year ago (Terra Trike Rambler),and when I called back a few days ago to ask about my brakes they said to bring it right in and they would  repair it for free.  Worked with Joe today and he and the crew are the friendliest  and most helpful people. It does not get any better then this people. Shop here ,buy here and never have a regret. We came in from Surprise and they respect the fact that is a far piece away and appreciate that we pass a lot of good bike shops to get to them. They value your business.
5	I love love love Sun Cyclery! Absolute best bike shop in all of Phoenix. I bought my last two bikes from Sun. Larry, Joe, Adam, Allen, they're all great. They always help me find what I need. They have the best customer service in the world. I'm sure of it. Sometimes I visit them just to hang out and see what's new. That's how cool they are. I was in yesterday having my hub flipped from a single speed to a fixed gear. (Yes they teased me, yes it was playful and welcomed, haha!)We live in the neighborhood and the guys are always happy to air up our tires and oil our chains. Plans in the works to get the boy a bigger bike for his birthday. They do layaway here so that's awesome. They buy and sell used bikes too! When you buy a bike from Sun they ask you to bring back your bike in a month or so, for your first (and complimentary) tune up (about a $40 value).  The shop has recently been renovated and looks beautiful with the wood paneling on the walls and the extra space. Huge selection of bikes in the shop and out back. Tell the guys what you're looking for and they'll be happy to make some suggestions, pull out bikes for you to try, and get you on the road with a beautiful new ride! If you're in the market for a bicycle or just need a tuneup you should absolutely stop at Sun Cyclery. Say hello for me!
5	Great customer service. Very attentive. No frills. No pressure. I had a tune up on my bike. They hit the splash guard with something whole adjusting it which banged it up a little bit. That was the only bummer from the whole experience. I will definitely go back.
4	Just bought a beach cruiser from these guys and everything went great. The staff is knowledgable and friendly.  It is evident that They have been there a while and know what they are doing
5	I am finally getting around to writing a review of Sun Cyclery. After another trip to the shop today, I must say, the experience keeps getting better. Joe once again has gone above and beyond with helping to tend to my bike and ensuring I am safe on the road. All the staff is so friendly and willing to answer questions, I am forever a fan!
