5	I love this place! Excellent quality work, family  owned, friendly employees. The best pedicures, and gel/shellac that actually stays on! Helen is now doing facials & I can actually say it was the BEST facial I've ever had. I refer people here all of the time!
5	Excellent, Quality, friendly service and super clean too!!! I love this place & have referred many people here!!! Helen has been doing my nails for 3 years now and she ALWAYS takes her time and does an Amazing job!
5	All I can say is "Wow"!  Finally I have found a professional, sanitary and courteous nail salon.  I've been going to Helen for about 2 months now and I couldn't be happier.  She works quickly but doesn't rush, does exactly what I ask and the prices are great.I leave feeling like I've been pampered, so it's my treat to myself every 2 weeks.
5	I love my nails. I was recommended by a friend.  Her nails always look great!!   Helen did my Minnie Mouse nails and I LOVE them.  She took her time and did an excellent job.  Salon was very nice and clean also.
5	This place is awesome! I came in 30mins before they were closing on a Sunday and she stayed after closing time and didn't rush and made sure she did a good job! I had my 4 yr old daughter with me and they were patient and kind to her as well. They also did a great job on my daughters polish and design. The prices were great and my pedicure experience exceeded my expectations. I appreciated the friendly staff and great customer service. I think I found my new spot YAY! Love this place!
5	Sometimes I feel like I've tried all the places in the East Valley, but this is by far my favorite. Service is fast and consistently good, while the prices are right, also. The technicians are creative in their nail art and even a standard manicure is done well enough that it isn't ruined by the time you get home.
5	Am I allowed to say holy s*%!!! This place is amazing. I came in at 6:30 PM and they fit me in the schedule. They stayed open and they stayed late to finish my appointment and they ended up doing acrylics and gel overlay, the price was more than reasonable. I saw Helen's husband and the talent blew me away, not to mention the customer service. The skill this man had was so awesome to watch and we kept a nice conversation going the whole time. I found out they have kids and work their asses off. I will only come to this salon, I asked for a difficult hand painted design and I wanted the nails shaped a certain way. It was not only fun to watch but it exceeded my expectations. Remember to take cash, they prefer tips in cash bc they pay fees on each debit/credit payment. I told him I like natural nails, not too long and not too pointy, he did just that- this place is perfection and not too mention super clean! :)
1	Not only did they not listen to my request but carried on a conversation with the girl next to her not what I wanted pretty color but not great service
5	They can do Almond shape!!! I absolutely loved this place; beautifully decorated, clean and friendly people :). I had an acrylic fill done, it was fast, efficient, painless, and I am very very pleased with my nails. Definitely coming back!
5	I went here for the first time yesterday and I have to say that it was AMAZING!! They were so patient with me on my difficult requests and got my designs down to a T. Very reasonably priced and super clean. I don't think I will ever go to another nail place again.
5	LOVE!! Best set of nails and service I've received in the valley! I will be returning for sure!
5	Great place, great staff! Got a simple mani for only $12 which is cheap and my friend got a full set of sparkling purple nails and that was only $30! Not too bad if you ask me! Would love to come back another time!
5	Henry and team took care of all Five of us without an appointment.  They were awesome!
5	Very friendly and trusting. Touc did a great job on my nails and the young lady did a great job on my eye brows. All are very nice. I will be back. Thank you!
