4	I'm not sure how long this location has been here, but since finding out about it a few weeks ago, i've been there twice.This is definitely a place to go to when you want some quick, cheap, great tasting sushi. This is a no-fuss place. It's clean, and small, and you can get in and out quickly. While i am a fan of this place, i don't recommend it for date night--just not that type of atmosphere. Happy Hour prices are great, but even regularly priced menu items are far better priced than any other local spot i've found--with the great taste to go with it!I definitely recommend giving this place a chance!
4	My 7 year old (who is slowly becoming a sushi fanatic) and I dropped in here tonight after an early movie. I would agree with earlier reviews that there is little to no ambiance. However, the Sushi was excellent AND very affordable. Though the menu is fairly extensive, we stuck to the basics and had shrimp nigiri (no brainer), 2 lobster rolls (excellent), a Caterpillar roll (fighting over who got the last piece), edamme, 2 glasses of a decent Chardonnay (for me, not my daughter) and finished off with some white rice strawberry ice cream. . All of this was just $48 and tasted great!  I don't think it hurt that we sat at the sushi bar and watched the Dbacks win in extra innings. :) Me thinks this will become a regular sushi hang out for us. Good sushi, good service and good prices.
5	Best sushi I've had in the SW Valley.  I recommend the White Fish & Alaska roll.  Very good and a good price too!
5	The sushi here is delicious and very inexpensive! Their sushi has a more authentic and classic look than say at RA where they are so perfected and glamourized with sauces and things. We tried the shrimp tempura, spicy tuna roll, spicy yellowtail and the chicken teryaki - everything is so good! Even the edamame here is the best I've tried anywhere.The staff are extremely friendly, helpful and very genuine! They are very knowledgeable of the menu and take the time to layout the menu and describe what they offer. Their drink menu looks great too. The only downside is, the atmosphere is very plain, small and casual. Better for a quick weekday night/ casual meal out. Definitely try it out! :)
4	Best sushi experience I have had in the valley.  The sushi was real good and constructed well.The prices were very reasonable.  The service was very kind and accomidating.I would choose this establishment over any other sushi bar in the valley.The dinner and lunch specials are awesome.  A bento box with your choice of 2, 3, or 4 entrees and miso soup.
3	I've had better, but it's good sushi for the price.  The place is clean, the service is fast, and the people are nice.  Will likely go there again.
4	Just went for the second time, and it was WAY better than the first.  The Spicy Tuna Poppers are so good you almost forget about the sushi you ordered.  If you think Sushi Deli in San Diego is 4-stars, Mikado is the place to go when you're in Phoenix.  The Boston roll was the best I've EVER had.  Can't wait to go back.
5	Sadly, it appears that Mikado Sushi has closed for good. :-( It's a shame, too, because I think their combination of fresh fish and reasonable prices was hard to beat.
