5	This might be the biggest dive golf course on the planet, which most certainly adds to its charm.  Cheap, not crowded, absolutely no frills, but a great place for a beginner to learn how to play golf and have fun.  Proper golf attire NOT required.  I'm not even sure if they require shirt and shoes.  Great place to go with your friends and hack around on the golf course over a few drinks.  Dewey who works the register may be old & miserable, but his bitter facade only hides the man's heart of pure gold.
4	Paul's Right, Very dive but its open later thank most driving ranges in the Valley.   Great price and located Just South of Thomas off Miller.  Find this place and thank me later
4	I have been trying to get back into golf lately, since I have a little bit of money and time. So I returned to the place I once worked to get some driving range time in. When I worked here the owner of the place never put any money into the place and ran it down. I was pleased to find out on my return after many years from visiting, that there is a new owner who understands that to make money one must spend money. The course is just a 9 hole executive, pretty basic, but it is somewhere that if not very good or just beginning, is perfect. It was hardpan dirt with not much grass inn the fairways, only the greens and tee boxes had grass. But that hopefully is about to change. The new owner has just replaced the sprinkler/watering system for the whole course. So that  is going to make a huge difference. The new owner has also made it a more relaxed friendly atmosphere, he has installed a BBQ grill by the clubhouse that anyone may use. Offers more selection of beer and even has introduced a happy hour for the driving range. Can't remember the exact deal but it was prices for buckets of balls and beers lower then the regular price during these hours. The driving range is in the best shape I have ever seen. So I reccomend this place for all levels of players.
4	I must say that I am a fan of this place. I haven't actually played the course yet sadly, just done the range. Dive bar golf course is a pretty accurate description from what I've seen so far and I DIG it. Any place that has metal buckets of beer in the pro shop is good in my books. I must say when I pulled up I felt outclassed (there were some fancy-ass cars in the lot) with my one lonely 1 wood, a bag of discount tees, and in some scruffy jeans. The mix of people really did surprise me though when i got out on the range. The guy in front of me was all kitted-up, matching shoes, hat, bag, the whole nine yards. And he was swinging like a champ, and I hated him for it. Then a lady takes the slot behind mine and she is wearing overalls, a sports bra and has a beer in a koozy. This made me feel a little bit better until she started driving like Tiger. Point being, no matter how much you suck at golf (like me) this is a good place to go. Cheap buckets, cheap beer, close to my place. Definitely going back
4	I am biased as I live close by and was part of the movement a few years back to save this course from the City and Giants, but SO glad we prevailed!   This community gem in the rough is an asset to the area - thanks to Mr Henry Gailbraith who first deeded this land to the City and then fought to protect the destruction of this course.   I see grand parents with one and two generations down WALKING around this course - just hacking away and having a great time.Over time this course will continue to improve and with it the areas around it.  The driving range is great too!   Long live Coronado GC :-)
3	This place is great to hit the links for cheap. It is always fun to hit up Coronado for a twilight 9 in early summer. Course is on par with the fees but I still recommend it if you want to play on a budget.
3	We came to Coronado during my brother's bachelor party and it was exactly what we were looking for:- $19 for 9 holes including cart: CHECK- decent golf and plenty of availability: CHECK- beer: CHECK, CHECK AND CHECKNot much to say other than it's a decent course, affordable and, yes, they have beer.
3	Does its job, which is to be a super easy, no pressure place to screw around and learn the game.  Nice driving range.
4	I give Coronado 4 stars but others will probably give it 1. We played on a Sunday afternoon and walked right on with no tee time, PLUS. They were using temp tee boxes and greens so the course was kind of a joke. BUT it was perfect for a group of college kids like us or a great place to little kids learning to play. Reasonably priced for what you get. and Happy Hour in the clubhouse from 4-8 is the place to be.
2	Not only does this place look like a bit of a dump, it smells like one too. I don't know what ungodly aroma smacked me when I teed up at the first hole, but it popped back up at any hole with close proximity to water.  You get used to it if you can fight the initial urge to run to your car.  Maybe you'll get lucky and the stench will have subsided by the time you play. Fairways: dead grass (but you drive will roll for a mile, so it's cool). Despite the smell and overall substandard condition of the course it was pretty fun. Mostly par 3s with a few shorter par 4s. The greens and the grass around the greens were in fine shape. It's a good cheap course to walk and the people playing are cool and laid back. You won't have to worry about running into those knobs who dress like PGA tour pros and strike a pose at the finish of every shot. The driving range is decent. Book through GolfNow and you can get green fees for $4.00 (walking rate). If you just show up it's $12 or $13.  Believe it or not, that's too much dough for this place.  I accidentally booked the wrong day online and paid in advance, so I had to pay the $12 green fee and didn't even get a refund for the wrongly booked time. My fault for not looking more closely, I guess. This could be a really great 9-hole course if it received just a little more love from the owners and staff.
3	Coronado is probably the crummiest golf course in a 100 mile radius. That being said, it's not all bad. I frequent the place to cheaply work on my game. Here comes the pros & cons...fore!The driving range is open until 9:00pm. Other than CrackerJax (which is 15 miles up the road) I don't know of any range that is open past sunset. Long day at work? Need to work on your game? Coronado is ready and waiting to help. Chipping green and putting green are separate. Being able to work on all facets of your game past sundown is a big reason I visit.I don't visit for the course itself. Cart paths don't exist and sometimes you feel yourself Dukes of Hazzard-info around the links. Fairways on the par 4's don't exist either. Somewhat decent course to get your iron work in off the tee, but that's pretty much it. Greens are more weathered than a Tucson bum. Not the best place to golf but thankfully they know it. They don't charge you too much to play in the desert of Coronado.
4	Great course for beginners. It's not anything special and isn't kept up very well, but it's a good place to practice and a great course to walk.
1	One star for this place is a joke. NEVER go to this golf course! ZERO STARS!! Absolutely the worst course in the east valley (or that I've been to). Do not pay money to these guys and here's why (no particular order):-The owner hit on my girlfriend right in front of me and made her feel awkward-They have kids running the "pro shop". Very unprofessional when an employee is cursing to another employee with customers around. That happens all day.-Greens barely have any roll...you're putting on dirt...There is no true roll at this place.-Fairways? What fairways? It is also, dirt-Ranger smoking cigarettes right next to tee box on multiple holes (unprofessional)-Doesn't pay attention to rate of play (should be rangers job, but he's smoking cigs instead). Will be a 3 hour round for 9 holes. That's not golf. That's not fun.-Charged $10 for a rider in the golf cart that wasn't playing and didn't even have clubs(round for actual golfer is $15 for 9 holes, which is a joke to begin with). This course may be worth about $5. MAYBE. Now I can see Pebble Beach charging for a rider, but this is Coronado. Give me a break.-The range balls are always old and dead. They don't seem to have enough money to replace them with new ones.-Golf carts filled with cobwebs and bugs-Only has a porta-potty for a restroomI shouldn't have to say anymore, but I will.-Multiple of other course options within 5 miles, so choose a different one (Continental, Rio Salado, Orange Tree, Starfire, etc)!-Multiple of other driving range options that stay open just as late (Kokopelli, Ken Mcdonald, etc)-A few of the "club pros" are clearly on drugs-The Range is always on a hill and usually is too wet to compress the ball!-Practice areas are the best part about the course, but there's always kids running around and ruining that as well. -Doesn't have a hole that is over 300 yards.To say the least, this course is not a golf course. It's a large version of putt-putt (well, at least in putt-putt, you have a grassy surface to play from). I wouldn't take my kids here if I had any, that's how big of a joke this place is.If you want to play golf, it shouldn't be at Coronado. I am very passionate about how bad this place is because they treated us like garbage and this isn't my first time around the block. For a course that is definitely hurting for money here's a message: don't piss off the people that pay the rent.
3	Review is for the driving range. This place is a smaller, grass range that has many divets in it due to the grass and people hitting the ground. Otherwise, there are big tin rounds and a little green on the range for aiming. I love the clunk the tins make you hit them! There also are lights here but they aren't that strong. I stayed until almost dark but you can't see the ball for squat once the sun goes down. Quiet range located in Scottsdale.
2	The two-star review is simply because of the driving range. Other than that, this place is pretty crummy and broken down.  The "pro shop" has merchandise sitting out that literally has dust piling on top of it and the course itself...well, you can read other reviews about how crappy of a condition it is in all the time. No clear cart paths, terribly maintained fairways, greens, and tee boxes yada, yada, yada.Now, if you want a place to cheaply work on your game then Coronado will do the trick. The best part about the range is that it stays open until 9pm while the lights are on. They also have a putting green and chipping green for your short game. Not too shabby. Lastly, they promote happy hour with cheap prices on drinks and baskets of balls.Come for the driving range, don't come for anything else. I really wish they'd put some money back into Coronado, it'd be a fun track for beginners or kids if it was properly maintained.
