2	Sometimes I question my commitment to my own well being.  Not putting on my seat belt right away.  Getting too close to the edge.  Eating food that I think is probably past its prime, but "smells okay."  Driving too fast.  Trying to get my boyfriend to do what I want. Eating at airport sports bars.All Stars is one of those small airport sports bars where folks go because they have no other options.  The service is meh (although, I must say the woman tending the bar was quite quick and capable, and even a bit friendly), they're out of most of the things they "offer" and the food. . . well.  Ballpark food is better.  Why I thought this would be a better option than Round Table I'm not sure.  I had a bratwurst and everything on the plate but the pickle, maybe the bun, was clearly frozen.  The brat itself was that awful white color that screams, "I came preboiled!  Won't I be delicious?!", the veggies were the watery, tasteless, came in a mix and were left out to thaw variety, and the fries were room temperature seasoned fries.  The pickle was sad and flaccid, and the bun was, well, it was just a bun.Yeah, it was food, yeah I ate it, but WHY?  Gross.Furthermore, either this article (http://living.health.com/2008/11/24/americas-healthiest-airports/2/) is a crock, or it's another terminal of the airport because I saw nary a "healthful dining option" anywhere in the area.
1	What a horrible, nasty group that runs this little dive. They spend their time chasing away people who are seated at the gate - ie customers. Horrible.  Avoid.
3	Without many bars or restaurants to choose from in the United Terminal, All Star Sport Bar does the job.  They serve up cold beers and if I'm hungry, nachos usually do the job.  It's the best place to pass time as you wait for your flight: sports on the tv, beer and people watching!
1	I ate at this sports bar because it was near my boarding gate. I should've just eaten outside before security check-point but I thought I'd eat inside so I wouldn't feel rushed. Big mistake. The food choices are limited once you get past security check-point so then you end up settling. i.e. "Round Table Pizza, Wendy's etc"They had a pretty standard breakfast menu with only a few items on it. I went with the breakfast platter as it seemed to be the least damaging. I ordered some apple juice & was kinda surprised when it was set on my table in a bottle. No glass. No ice. Just in a bottle as if out of a vending machine. I'd expect that from a Wendy's maybe but not a 'sit-down' restaurant. My waitress asks me if I want a glass and/or ice and I tell her yes. She leaves for a while and comes back with my glass. My food comes fairly quickly & it wasn't too appealing but it was enough to tide me over for the time being. Here's where they lose their stars. My waitress gets a call on her cellphone (there are about 5 different waitresses) and she proceeds to sit down at an empty table and speak in Spanish for a good 10 mins. I don't know if she was on her break but usually you don't take your breaks in plain sight of your customers.I'm trying to catch anyone's eye because I need my check so I can catch my flight. I finally flag one down halfway across the restaurant who brings me my check. "My" waitress sees all this but still has her phone conversation. I decide that I'm tired of having bad service and I don't leave her a very good tip. She didn't earn a good tip and I don't believe in rewarding bad service. Only once I get up and walk out does my waitress come back to wave goodbye to me; yelling at me as she chases me out. Skip it if you can. Small bar as it is for a 'sports bar' and there are better options out in the main terminal area.
4	Service is slow while waiting for the red eye but the pours are generous and they are at least open which, at this hour gets three stars from me automatically!
2	Typical airport bar but this one is located in the slummy old school terminal 2 in Sky Harbor. I was there early in the AM and was the only person sitting at the bar and didnt get the best of service. Its almost like because its 7AM theres not going to be anybody at the bar pounding beers on the companies dime. Well she didnt get a great tip which I usually give after getting sauced up. On the plus side lots of local sports teams memorabilia on the
2	They gave me expired sour cream and I didn't notice it until I pretty much ate it all! Haha oh well!If you're going to eat anything, stick with the quesadillas. They're not too shabby!
1	First off...having to wait at any airport for more than an hour is annoying. However, there are times when you cannot avoid it. And during those times, you're only hope is that there's a place where you can sit, relax, and have some food and drinks. Having pleasant service is a plus as well.If you find yourself stuck in Terminal 2 at Skyharbor Airport, then stay on the unsecured side and visit the bar there. The service I rec'd from Debbie at the All Star was standard at best in the beginning. It went down hill towards the end and was inexcusable at the end when she put the check down...that I didn't even ask for. Then came back 5 minutes later and told me...not ask me but told me to close my bill because she was leaving! I still have 3 hours until my flight but after Debbie...I got up and left, went back out to the unsecured area and sat down. Received outstanding service there. And going back through security was better than giving more money to this establishment.
3	Pretty good breakfast burrito that hits the spot before a long flight. In fact it has the same effect as downing a couple of beers just to get a tad sleepy!
3	It's not awful.  It's in Terminal 2 in the airport and is actually a sit down spot with a full bar, which no other place in that area is, so it's a good call.  Service is nice, food is not good but manageable, and they have TVs to distract you if you're delayed or have a long layover.  Breakfast is served until 10:30AM and then regular menu served for the rest of the day.
3	It's in an airport, I didn't expect much.  I only had breakfast here because it was right next to my gate.
4	This is your typical airport restaurant that pretty much has a monopoly because your choices past security are pretty slim. However, this place has four saving graces - decent connection to the free airport wifi, a tv that had the NFL playoffs on, a full bar with delicious long island iced tea, and the french fries. The french fries are delicious! The burger is ok; I couldn't finish it all. My bill came to $20 for the food, long island, tax, and tip, which is probably about right. The waitress, whose prompt service resulted in no problems, filled up my water bottle for me (instead of using the water fountain), which pleasantly surprised me. So, four stars it is!
2	This is about as simple and plain as you can get. The food is on a basic cafeteria level and is not very good. The service was fine. The prices are airport prices. There is nothing particularly bad, but also nothing very good either.
1	We have an issue with All Stars Sports Bar. Make that two.Firstly, just because you are one of the few liquor licensees within the airport, it doesn't give you permission to stock only the cruddiest of beers... Coors, Bud Light and Sam Adams. Oh please.Secondly, the Wendy's fast food next door serves equal or better food than All Stars, for half the price and twice the efficiency.So here's how I came to the above two conclusions...Sunday early evening at PHX. It has been a long week in AZ, and I desperately wanted a beer and dinner before getting on the plane.Just like when you're at any sports venue, I do expect to pay through the nose for that beer at the airport. But given my recent experiences, that beer does NOT have to be a cruddy mass commercial brand. Take note PHX - tiny little PDX serves local micro brew brands right at the gate. So does SFO. That is supporting local businesses and leaving your visitors with a wonderful last impression.Next, the food. My expectations were low. I'm totally cool with burgers, hot dogs and fries. But when the burger patty came out, it honestly looked like a fast food burger vs. something I'm paying $15 for. That didn't bode well given there were plenty of fast food options I could have gone with.The server was nice enough but not very efficient. She was holding my plastic silverware (oh yes, everything is served on plastic) WHILE talking to another customer. I was puzzled.Bottom line: DON'T EAT HERE. Grab a to-go from the fast food or sandwich places. If you must have a beer, then go ahead... it's more about the experience of chatting with fellow travelers vs. getting an interesting beer.
1	For a minute I thought the commuter terminal at PHX didn't even have a bar, then I stumbled into "All Star Sports Bar."  After spending about an hour here I wish there was no bar at all. This place fails on almost every level imaginable. First of all, it's not anywhere close to being a sports bar.  2 TV's and bartenders in referee uniforms doesn't make you a sports bar.  Furthermore, the food here could not be worse.  Look - I'm not opposed to the plastic cheese from a can on nachos, but if you can't even make that taste good, I can't even begin to imagine what the rest of the food here is like. Unlike the other reviewers I actually found the service (at the bar) to be fine, if not indifferent, and the one good thing I will say about this place is that they do make a pretty good Bloody Mary. You can credit that to the Ocean Spray mix they used so it's not exactly rocket science ... What can you do though? They have a captive audience though being the only game in the terminal after the security check point, I'd imagine this place is a zoo on Friday afternoons ...
2	Probably that they are the only sit down restaurant/bar in terminal 2, they can be horrible if they want.  The service was slow, the waitress walked by me 5 times before she even acknowledged my existence.  Then I ordered a club sandwich.  This was a pathetic piece of crap.  Wendy's has a better club.  It was 2 pieces of bread (not toast) with 2 pieces of turkey (thinly sliced) and 1/2 piece of old bacon.  I would expect this from the vending machine.  But the icing on the cake is when I asked for mayonnaise so I could gag it down, she charged me for the mayonnaise.  Run, Don't Walk Away!  Eat at the vending machine by the bathrooms!  Anything!  Just don't waste $10 on a gaggy club at this place!
3	Not many places to choose from in the United terminal at Sky Harbor Airport.  This place does the trick.  The clientele is very diverse here - from the very old to the very young.  Prices are reasonable.  Service is quick.I got a beer and the chips and salsa.  I got bagged generic chips and cold mild salsa.  No complaints here.  The service was super good!
1	"You're not in my section". Really lady? You have a freaking pitcher of water in your freaking hand and you can't fill my glass because I'm not in your section? I'm in the service industry and I'll tell you, teamwork rules. Those who don't get it, don't last. Adios muchacha. Time to hang it up.
2	I mean it is an airport restaurant/bar....
4	Nice staff. Informative during my delayed flight. Ordered the bratwurst. Good for airport food. Decent!
1	Unfortunately, you are limited to where you can dine at Terminal 2 in the Phoenix airport for breakfast.  Fast food or this steaming pile of dog poop.Dirty... tables aren't wiped.  The servers clear food off the tables onto the floor using their hands.  Nice.Extremely limited breakfast menu.  Yes, they have eggs.  But only scrambled.  Paper plates and plasticware so thin make sure you get a few extra sets as the first set will surely break.Surlly, disheveled, and disgruntled employees.You're better off down the hall at Round Table pizza for breakfast.  At least it's clean!
1	Hey OWNERS of this place!   Are you listening?  I came back because it's the only place to get a beer in terminal two.  Same old tired wait staff.   So.... Let me be clear.... You could double your profits if you would just stop hiring these slugs!  I'm about to call bar rescue on you fools.  I shouldn't have to wait 10 minutes to get a beer especially when I'm sitting at the bar.
