1	The level of service with FedEx has deteriorated at a rate nearly as fast as their shipping rates have skyrocketed.   The last THREE times I have sent a a shipment with these people, they have arbitrarily changed the shipping rate from $30 up to $56 without explanation.  If you ask for explanation they simply do not reply to you.Today I was waiting for a Saturday delivery (paid premium to receive shipment so I could go on vacation) and all of sudden I receive an email stating they attempted but were unsuccessful.  I've been home all day WAITING for them.  Upon calling they tell me they didn't know the gate code.  REALLY?  Isn't that why you require a telephone number with the shipment?
4	I came here to ship something for my boss. I just thought this was a pick up location I didn't know you could ship from here. The parking lot is very small but that is ok because that means there is no line.The guy behind the counter was very nice and helpful. My boss had already printed out the shipping label and paid for it online so I just need to toss it on an envelope and send it off. The envelope was very easy to find and everything was well stocked. The guy attached the label for me. It was that easy. I was in and out very quick.It is very nice that it is right around the corner from work. My boss was surprised by how fast I got back. I will definitely be back here if I need to ship anything FedEx again.
1	The customer service is terrible. I handed my doortag and drivers license to the man at the desk. He didn't really acknowledge me and then went to the back and returned after a while with a stack of boxes. He then said that he'd need a photo ID. I told him that I had handed it to him with the door tag. He flat out replied that I hadn't. I asked him to check the counter and floor in case he set it down or it fell and he continued to say that I hadn't given it to him and argued with me more. So, I peered over the counter and it was on the counter where he had placed it.When I returned home I found out that one of the boxes wasn't mine and that I hadn't been given one of mine. I returned today and the lady at the counter wasn't any help.
1	Wow. Really bad service. Spent 10 minutes at a computer for a label only to be told at the desk it isn't working. Wouldn't you think they might put up a sign so you don't waste 15 minutes?  And all that just to pay the highest rates around?  Fortunately, the post office has an automated system that actually works. And fast.
5	Awesome customer service here! The man working the counter was friendly and jovial and very efficient. His customer service skills? IMPECCABLE! The parking lot is small but quick to get in and out of. I will definitely utilize this place whenever I need to ship something out again.
