4	First, you should know this Baja is inside the Texas Station casino, in the food court near the movie theater. It's not a quicker Baja... Having said that, I love the food here. I really like their steak burritos, and their chips and guacamole never really disappoint. Their servings are generous, and I never feel like I paid too much for too little food here. The bang-to-buck ratio is good here. One of my favorite things about Baja is their salsa bar. They have an assortment of like 5 or 6 different types of salsas you can serve yourself. I like the pineapple one, though there's nothing wrong with the pico de gallo here! They also allow you to phone your order in ahead of time, which is a pretty cool little time-saver if you're in a rush!The only reason I give this place four stars instead of 5? I feel like their food is slightly less awesome than Chipotle's, though they are priced similarly. I want to say Chipotle is better food, but Baja has more variety. If it weren't for the fact that I drive by Chipotle every day, I would probably eat more at Baja!
3	This is one of the better Baja Fresh locations in Las Vegas. I frequently grab a bare burrito here after the movie. It's located in the food court in the Texas Station casino. There's lots of seating (but it's smack in the middle of the casino so you will smell smoke while you dine, yuck) and free soda refills. Their salsa bar is tasty too. It's your typical Baja Fresh food but I think the cooks here are better than at some of the other locations in town. Sometimes they run a coupon deal where you get a freebie or discount when you show your movie ticket stub from the adjacent Regal Cinemas so be sure to ask before you order.
4	My first time ever eating Baja Fresh and it is the best!! OMG the chips and fresh and the guacamole is sooo good. I really enjoyed eating here. I orders the chicken fajitas with corn tortilla and the chicken was perfect for being fast food. Totally going here more often. The reason I rated it 4 instead of 5 is the wait time is a little longer than I would've expected. Will return!
