4	New location ~ haven't been able to get in yet ~too long of a wait ~ must mean it's good.It's great to see so much prosperity.  Blessings : ) KC
4	I am so a fan of this place, pretty good and consistent. Although I don't think my partner really liked his french toast with caramel topping, it was too sweet. Omelettes are the bomb, big and fluffy filled with whatever the hell you want. There are always running some sort of themed food and that's what I like about this place. I liked it when they had those minion drinks from Despicable Me.
3	I loved the food. But the service was annoying.. She started out by being sarcastic.. it was funny but it gets old. Then we asked another server for hot syrup when she wasnt around. she took this the wrong way and kept asking us about every 30 seconds to a minute if we were doing okay.. then she kinda rushed us outta there.. Idk decent service good food.
4	IHOP is a classic. Its good food after a late night and their open 24 hours so its perfect.
3	I enjoy a sickeningly sweet pancake meal as much as anybody. This Ihop is pretty nice! I almost ate myself sick on nutella crepes this morning. Good way to start the day!
2	The service at this particular location always SUCKS! The food is still standard with other Ihop's but if you value your time and sanity do not eat at this one. My sister and I went here for lunch the other day. Mind you it was not packed but it took 10 minutes for our "first" waiter to come and ask us what we wanted to drink. 5 minutes later the "second" waiter delivers the drinks and takes our order. 20 minutes later we finally got our food delivered by a "third" waiter (last time I checked a pancake only took like 2 minutes to cook). Throughout the meal no one ever checked in on us, as a matter of fact we never got a ticket. I had to end up telling the cashier what table we sat at so he could pull up the bill and ring me out, SMH!
2	We went  around 2ish in the afternoon place was dead, and the service was so bad.....  he was inordinately slow and never checked back I had to get up and go find him to get our check. I know the food is standard corporate hard to mess up but it was bad. Sloppily prepared, missing the fries just no attention. Management needs to step up their game.
3	It's IHOP.  My little kids love the chocolate chip pancakes.  I tolerate the place.  Not that expensive.  Good service.  In and out.  The food is general chain food quality.
3	In the middle of fat America.  But okay.  My server was very nice.  He did forget my water though.  But it's an IHOP.  You get what you pay for.
3	Came in with large fam, the waiter was nice and paid attention to our order n checked on us a few times, nice clean place, good tbone steak, id go again :)
2	Don't come for the service at breakfast time.Me and the Hubby went a few weeks ago and I wished that the review would show up on the check in date instead of the write up date but...We went for breakfast, were promptly seated, then waited, and waited, and then our waitress (I usually call them servers seeing how I was one for many years, but not in this case) finally gets to us and takes our drink order and sighs because I wasn't quite ready to order.When we did order, my hubby was asking me what he should get out of 2 things and all she heard was him saying something, heard it was a menu choice and decided he was getting that for breakfast.  Meals came out timely, they weren't the greatest things ever, but it was IHOP, and didn't expect them to be; however, they were pretty good, he had gotten some moons over my hammy type thing they have at Denny's and I got the double BLT and was happy that they didn't make my bacon crispy.  Finally got a drink refill and with it came the question if I needed a box...not if I was going to  need one, as I am still eating the last half of my sandwich and fries are gone, but the question wasn't brought up to the person that still had half a sandwich left and was no longer touching it.The bill came early almost the same time the food was dropped off and I guess that is protocol for them and by the service I guess she felt that since she dropped off the ticket that we no longer required service.  Talked to the guy in charge at the time and he made excuses and so I told him that we wouldn't be returning to any IHOP for a while and never again to this location
5	Love this place great place to stop to eat for a person that works late service is great and enjoy the food
5	WOW, very modern decor excellent service and very crowded. Breakfast was crowded and we were here on a Wed. Overall excellent food and service.
4	The place was pack but only waited about 2 minutes to be seated. Kind of noisy inside due to the crowd. Coffee was really good and you get flavored coffee creamers as well as half and half. The coffee was fresh, hot and delicious. Ordered our food and it came really fast, scary fast, it was hot and very good. I NEVER eat at places like this, but if the experience was the same I'd eat here more frequently. I definitely recommend eating breakfast here. Enjoy :)
2	I've never had a problem with the in restaurant service. BUT if you are looking to do a to go order prepare to wait a ridiculous amount of time. 30+ minutes AFTER placing your order, I've already been waiting 38 minutes after being told over the phone that the order would be ready in 10 minutes. When I arrived they hadn't even started making my food. I like this location but I would NEVER order to go service and I definitely wouldn't recommend it anyone else.
1	Horrible service. Hostess was rude. Waitresses never offered refills. Quick to bring check tho. Came in for dessert. Never again.
1	This location is the nearest to me. Never again. I came here for a birthday breakfast and received terrible service. Then the food arrived and everything was super salted as if the cooks were trying to kill the spoilage of the food.
5	I had come in really early after dropping off at the airport. Once again, the staff is attentive & courteous! John was excellent! I told him I would be here for a few hours until it was time to leave for work. He switched out the regular coffee carafe for the large one! Checked in on me a few times and was quite pleasant. The food is always yummy and the music selection pleasant but not too loud.
3	Your typical ihop although it looks cleaner than a lot of ihops I go to. The waiter was decent and food came out pretty fast. Maybe it was because it wasn't crowded... because it was 10pm.Service at each location is hit or miss. My review probably means nothing since the people working at this location will probably be not working there by the time you go eat there anyway. lol
1	This place is awful! I had called my order in, which took over 10 minutes because the person had no idea where the crepes were and then did NOT ask me about my side options. I pick up the item and all the staff was rude. They even forgot hash browns. The patrons here let their kids run all around and even hit strangers in the legs. DO NOT GO HERE!
1	I ate here at 9:30 pm on 11/18/2014. I usually don't ask for waiter and waitress name .anyway, i believe the waiter tonight was the only one. my bill was $21.09 and i gave him $40 in cash. while i waiting for my change, another one came and ask me. i told her I'm waiting for my change. then, he came back and said i only gave him $21 even. it was ridiculous as i still had 2 of $1 bills in my wallet from the beginning until when i talked to him. i regretted that i didn't be careful with him when he acted very mean to me even though i talked nicely to him. I asked for a manager  but he said he was the manager tonight. this is the first time I got that issue in a restaurant. for people that need to eat here at nighttime, read my message and be careful. i really hope the owner can also see it and know how your employee cheated customer.
1	First i come in and the table is a hot mess i understand it is Christmas  BULL SHIT it just a excuse  to be lazy and not clean  we come in before the people that behind use they took there drink order first we r here waiting we r ready our food alredy and still  no one to ask it been 10 mins well they come and ask finallu for out drinks get they got mad because  we alredy order our food because  we had to stop  someone  to help  us it's  sad that this is going to be the worse place i ever got service  from i will never come to this getto  hood rat infested  place again.
2	Well let's just say ihop has taken last place in food. I came here for breakfast and the fruit that I got well was. Gross.. Both gross looking and tasting. You can tell it was frozen. The eggs are not real eggs they are a fake gray looking color. The only thing that was good on my plate would be the toast.. Not going back.
