4	Relatively new restaurant around the South Side area in Pittsburgh. This is probably not the best tapas bar in Pittsburgh, but it is a good bang for your buck. My friend and I had 4 tapas, two drinks and with tips the bill came out to $50. The selection is pretty good and the food is very tasty. They have outdoor seating too, which is perfect for the nice weather we have now. If you're reading this review when the weather is bad, sorry. On to the food. Recommended: Stuffed Grape Leaves and Shrimp Bruschetta.If you want to spend (a lot) more money, I would suggest Ibiza, of the Mallorca fame.
2	Very nice interior design, sleek, contemporary.  However, something is missing, not sure what it is.  Service was excellent.  The tapas were okay.  They seem to use a creamy garlic EVOO sauce on everything.  Shrimp Bruschetta.  Shrimp scampi pizza.  Their recipes are clearly their own concoction.  I mean who makes bruschetta with green peas?  And grape tomatoes are no substitute for the real tomato.  It's nothing that I would want to imitate.  It's probably just best to sit on the patio and drink a beer.
2	I came into this place wanting to like it - I like tapas.  This place was not good.  While it has great location and an uncluttered interior, the food just does not live up to its surroundings.  In fact, you could say that the food is downright ...  not good - definitely fusion food gone wrong!  We got 6 different tapas to share amongst 4 people.  3 specials for the night and we tried 2 - the mahi with pineapple and prosciutto with chanterelle pizza.  We also got the mussels, rigatoni bolognese, flat iron steak (medium rare) and the margherita pizza.  Let me just describe them like this:  tasteless and slightly overcooked; good but a little too salty; nothing special (I've had much much better); ehh; overcooked and tasteless and frankly much too overpriced for what you got.  I had to save the margherita pizza description for last --- a white cheese pizza with COLD tomato sauce poured on top.  Oh, with 6 pieces of basil strewn atop.  Margherita??  Isn't that supposed to have actual tomatoes as described on the menu?  The manager of the restaurant didn't even seem bothered by this even though she said she would "check on it".Please, save yourself from disappointment.  Don't bother eating here.  This place got 2 stars because the service, decor and location were all ok.  Oh, and the sangria is just ok.
1	I went to Tusca on a great recommendation, and was sorely disappointed. The sangria was great, and a definite highlight. The service was okay, I guess. Our server was trying to be funny, nice, and was trying waaay too hard. He didn't seem to get that we weren't "that kind" of table. I totally could have overlooked all of that, but the food was awful! We ordered the olives, which came covered in powdered Parmesan cheese. The Gorgonzola mashed potatoes had zilch for flavor. And this isn't a a cheap restaurant. I'm all about fusion, and will happily pay for quality, but Tusca totally failed!I agree with the Julie D. who said they seem to put the same garlic EVOO on everything. Honestly? It seemed a little like Olive Garden, or Cheesecake Fac. Overpriced, poor service, and fake foodies (the staff, not the customers - side note, the table next to us sent at least two dishes back). I would definately go back for sangria and outdoor seating (it was cold when I went), but would eat before I go!
4	I love tapas, but the trend can be truly hit-or-miss - "small plates" doesn't have to mean "miniscule portions and inflated prices". Thankfully, Tusca avoids this predicament - granted, it's costly, but I was pleasantly surprised by the portion size. I went with a friend and the two of us split four plates -- stuffed roasted pepper with basil, mozzarella, and prosciutto; hummus and pita, fried artichokes, and margherita pizza. The fried artichokes were by far the highlight of the meal, with the stuffed roasted pepper a close second. Our waitress was great, and even though we had to wait an hour and ten minutes for a table late on a Saturday night, the food was served almost immediately. It's a little too expensive to be a regular mainstay, but I'd definitely go back next time I want to splurge.
1	This was such a disappointment.  My friend and I flew to Pittsburgh celebrate our friend's birthday with her, and we wanted to take her to a nice dinner.We all love tapas, and were sent here on a recomendation.The food was dry and lacked flavor of any kind.  Simply, the worst tapas I have ever had.  And I eat tapas a lot.  It was awful - the best thing we ordered was the greens and beans.  Is that even Spanish?That's sad when that is the best thing on the menu. The decor was nice, but the wines were very minimal.  They have only one supplier for wine, so its only one brand.Very weird.Even worse, my friend in Pittsburgh, was dissapointed.  That's sucks when its your birthday.  We felt horrible about dinner.But, we made it up by going out and drinking our dinner, instead.
1	This place gets one star for the Sangria which was pretty good. As far as the food goes it was terrible. Does the cooks in the back not know what salt and pepper is? None of the food had any flavor. It was like upscale hospital food. The two shrimp dishes we ordered had the smallest shrimp I had ever seen. Popeyes has bigger popcorn shrimp. To make things worse none of the food was cheap. We ended up spending $100+ after tip for the worst meal I had ever had. I should of listened to my gf and took her to Cheesecake Factory. It may be a chain but its a 100 times better than Tusca. They need to send a representative from Tusca to a real Tapas restaurant to take some notes. It seems like some idiot chef created all of their crappy dishes. This place needs to call the FOX network to have Chef Ramsey come in and turn it around.
1	One star for decor and good service. For tapas in Pittsburgh, this is the worst. There's no focus with it....they simply seem to be firing their tapas gun in every direction...and when you try to do everything you usually fail. Strange flavors (not good strange), bad/sloppy presentation, and very overpriced for what you get. Walk down the street to Ibiza on Carson, or Dish Osteria Bar on Sarah St for great Tapas and equally good atmosphere. Southside has a decent amount of great tapas......Tusca is not part of that group.
3	My first visit to this place was when it was a week old and I had drinks with the jazz guy from npr who at the time was an owner.  It's had a few owners since then several menu overalls and changes to the decor and kitchen  staff including a rehaul and redesign of the menu.  The best thing by far with this place is the space.  The lighting is warm the tables and chairs are comfortable, the bar is big and their is additional couches for lounging.  It's also a perfect summer spot with roped off outdoor seating and garage style glass doors that open up to join the indoor and outdoor seating.  Our server was quite good and said she's worked there since the opening.  I'm sure she's seen a lot of drama with the changes this place has had.  I didn't care much  for the hostess who seemed a bit  upset when I said we wouldn't need menus just the wine list.  I actually had to ask her if it was okay  to take a table if we were just drinking.  She begrudginly said "I guess".  The wine selection is okay and pretty overpriced like most places.   The sangria, which they tout as their special is average at best.  The tapas that I've tried there are good, but not that interesting.  Ibiza is much better.  Yesterday I ordered a cheese plate which was good served with a warm banana nut bread and honey which were nice touches, however I still would have liked some crackers.  My friend ordered the chicken and sausage tapas which was great.  The chicken moist and the skin crispy.  I think they need to work a little bit on the staff and reduce their menu items, so they can specialize on perfecting a smaller amount of dishes.
1	Aaron C's comments are spot on, based on my experience.  We came here with a huge party for my wife's birthday a year or so ago.  The service and ambiance are both above average, but the food is entirely unremarkable.  By broadening their style of tapas to include more variants of Mediterranean cuisine, they compromised thematic and flavor continuity.  Moreover, execution and presentation were sub-par.  A few dishes felt incomplete and failed utterly, some were reasonably good, though unimpressive, and most were on the "meh" side of mediocre.  It was clear that they weren't overly concerned with the quality of their ingredients, which leads me to believe the inflated prices are merely paying for atmosphere.  All in all a total disappointment.
1	There are so many unique and tasty dining experiences to be had in Pittsburgh that you should never waste your time or money here. The food is less than decent- for instance, a flatbread described as topped with lamb and tsatsiki which was a cold, deconstructed gyro from a mall food court, and an order of mussels of which only 6/12 were actually opened after cooking- e.g., 1/2 the order was inedible (and the sauce tasted like watered down Prego). The service was so-so and there was nothing at all special about the atmosphere. We will never be back.
3	Not so impressed with the tapas.  - Ordered the cheese plate which doesnt come with bread or crackers.- Some other items are overpriced ( dont order the yucatan shrimp).- the fried artichokes are pretty good.
1	One star for outdoor seating (we had a dog with us) and a nice waitress.Wine was so-so but overpriced.  Food menu looked good but the calamari was nothing special and the veggie spring rolls were downright terrible.  I agree with everyone else, don't go here.  There are other good tapas joints in this city, and well worth the fact that they are all overpriced for this market.
2	Just Okay.The place itself is nice inside.  The staff were not all that interested in helping us.  The prices were in line with what we expected and the food was fine.What hurts Tusca is that other, better Tapas places are nearby.  Also the clientele at Tusca seemed to be mainly female late 30's to 40's who were there to hunt for younger upwardly mobile young men.  Maybe this was just the few times I was there.
2	I am very much over "Tusca".  I first visited here over a year ago and have been here aboout a dozen times since and I've never had  a good experience.  The only reason I go here is because it is convenient and they have outdoor seating. Yesterday's experience was the impetus to finally document and update my distaste for this place.  We get there about 130 PM prior to going to seeing the new mike judge movie. We enter and head towards the bar.  It is very muggy inside of this place, how they manage that I just don't know.  It's a relatively mild humidity day outside and feels like a costa rican airport inside.  There also is an off putting smell to the place that is a cross between some kind of industrial cleaner and something else I can't quite place..maybe the smell of broken dreams...  The bartender is so obviously uninterested and apathetic that you can feel the contempt he obviously has for the customers and the disappointment in where he finds himself.  I ask for a guinness and they don't have one nor do they suggest a suitable alternative.  Annie gets a pretty awful vodka/tonic and I settle on a shiraz,,,maybe the worst glass of wine I've ever had in a restaurant.  It was just gross.  Annie orders a pizza, which truthfully was edible.  I mean it was cheese, marinara and soggy crust.  I had the hot tapas steak and fries,,,which took close to an hour to receive with no apology.  The steak was okay, the fries were edible, but again I was so turned off by the atmosphere that even if the food was really good, which it wasn't I wouldn't be back.
2	Worst tapas for the price. Ever. I think we paid $8 for two of the tiniest dumplings with barely any filling. We reasoned that the olives, for $5, were the only fairly priced dish. And it's not that we're against high priced food, not at all, it's just what you're getting for that price... which is the worst pita bread that you could get at a restaurant that claims to be serving freshly prepared food (it was likely purchased from the Southside Giant Eagle).What hurts even more: the cocktail menu. We were shocked and offended to find a martini (a proper gin and vermouth martini) called a "stuffed up" - it's bad enough the add martini to drink names that have no right being called a martini, but to call a martini anything other than a martini is outrageous. They mutilated the classics like mojitos and tom collins and made them $10. The $10 tomato juice and tomato vodka that I got was delicious, but I felt that the price gouging on both food and drinks was highly... aghhh! Just don't go.I was also kind of taken aback that the waitress asked the standard "have you been here before" spiel that you'll usually get a national chain. YES we know what tapas are, stop pretending like you invented some kind of new cuisine that needs to be explained to us.Nice atmosphere and nice people, but go somewhere else. Like Ibiza.
1	First off, I never thought I would take the time to write a bad review, but my meal last night was so spectacularly bad that I was "inspired" to tell the rest of you. Judging by the scores on the right, though, I am not alone. By the way, the I agree with the other reviews as well; the one exception I take is to say that while yes, the place was predominantly filled with 30-something year old women, they didn't any of them appear to be on the prowl! Hard if there are no men there!For the record, I went here a year ago and had a LOVELY time so something has changed since then.The hostess and waiters were dolls so the complaints are solely about the food. My friend and i ordered one starter to share - a cheese plate - and one food item each - a pizza and a risotto. 1. They delivered the food in this order: risotto, 10 minute gap, cheese plate, 10 minute gap, pizza. Hence, I was done with my food long before my friend ever received her pizza. Boo to that, my friends.2. The cheese plate contained a raggedy strawberry, four green olives from a bottle (geez, you can't even be bothered to give me some nice olives), some brie so under-ripe that it literally tasted like a stick of butter, a BURNT piece of toast, and three other, acceptable, cheeses. The cheese plate was so egregiously offensive that it's what drove me to write this terrible review. If you are going to spit in my face, do it directly, you know, don't be passive-aggressive about it. It's like they want to actively discourage people from going there!3. My risotto was really like a mac and cheese with rice. These people obviously have no idea what risotto is and I actually wonder if they even bothered using arborio rice. An absolute disgrace.4. The only saving grace was the pizza, but honestly, you put enough cheese, salt, and red sauce together, how can you go wrong? If you must attend this deplorable establishment, stick to the pizza. It's the only thing palatable.   Shanna M (another reviewer) is right: "aghhh! Just don't go".
1	"The food here is lousy!  And such small portions!"  Who knew that a quote from classic comedy would so perfectly sum up what has to be one of the most pretentious, expensive, and yet worst restaurants in the South Side.  I have been to this place twice and can safely say that I have had enough.  The shrimp bruschetta gets a special shout out for being absolutely disgusting.  What must have been recently thawed peas and shrimp on top of wet bread.  That being said, the waitstaff was pleasant and it is well decorated, but the atmosphere and clientele pretty much personify douchery.  I'm convinced that it is only frequented by the people that will buy into anything even remotely having the word Tuscan in it.    With all the excellent upscale restaurants in Pittsburgh, it's sad that this place always seems to have a crowd.
5	Hello Tusca!  I was back again to visit my favorite tapas place in Pittsburgh.  Once again, you didn't fail to make me smile.  Ooooo, the blueberry martini, ooooo, the pear martini.....just for starters.  No, my review isn't glowing because of the alcohol...I only had one and my dining companion had the other.  Where to begin with the tempting choices before me?  Okay, let's start with the hummus...yum!  And because I can't eat wheat, you thoughtfully brought me wonderful veggies to dip luxuriously in the velvety dip.  Next up to the table, the grilled veggie salad with hazelnut encrusted, creamy, delicate goat cheese and a marvelous dressing surrounded by grilled zucchini, red peppers, baby artichoke quarters, grilled grape tomatoes...mmmm-mmmm.  Nice piquant accents against smooth and creamy all piled on top of beautifully fresh greens.  And, oh the grilled shrimp with a citrusy glaze.  Sweet, succulent, with a little bitter citrus to balance the sweetness.  Perfect.  My favorite of the afternoon, the best of the best, was the chicken breast stuffed with cheeses and artichokes and sundried tomatoes, wrapped in prosciutto so thin that when grilled it crisply became as one with the chicken.  Heaven.  What a lovely way to spend an afternoon, just grazing and lazing and enjoying good company over great food!
1	I've been there twice with the same friend, both of us female, early 30's.  The only thing good about this place is the atmosphere/decor.  The food was 50% good- half of the things we ordered were decent (not fantastic), the other half were unimpressive, at best.  But the worst part is not the food.  It is the service.  Both times we've been there, the bartenders (two different ones) have been very unattentive, if not completely rude, when "serving" us (if you can call it that).   We had to get their attention to order, even though they were not waiting on anyone else.  They were uninterested in any type of conversation about what was on the menu, or what types of drinks are available.  They seemed to be completely put out that we were there, and made us feel like they were doing us a favor by even waiting on us.  And they were not busy when we were there.  One time the bar was half full.  The second time, we were literally the only ones there.  There were maybe two other tables seated in the entire place.  Do yourself a favor-- go to Ibiza next to Mallorca if you want tapas.  The food it wonderful, the atmosphere is intimate, the wine list is better, and the service is impeccable.
4	I have to write this because this was probably one of my best experiences trying to eat gluten free in Pittsburgh. My husband and I went there tonight and they offered a great gluten free menu, something that is often very hard to find. I had the mushroom risotto, which was fantastic.  Then, they told my they had a gluten free chocolate lava cake. I almost cried. It was to die for.  I will definitely be coming back. This is a great place for anyone, but I especially encourage my GF friends to try it.
1	Horrible food. Horrible. Weak service. A disgrace to the South Side Works.
2	Average at best. The atmosphere was good but I went there for lunch and the food had nothing special to it. Their chopped salad was the worst thing ive ever had at a restaurant. It tasted like some Cole slaw gone bad. I've never been there for dinner or drinks but for lunch it's not worth it. You will be happier with subway or pita pit which is close by and not as disgusting.
1	I preface this with the disclaimer that I am a starving college student, so I am the exact opposite of picky. My bar of expectations is set pretty low. Ramen, ketchup soup, you name it. But tonight, Tusca deserved a one-star review.Went in for the first time with my boyfriend, and we decided to order two entrees - the lobster pasta and the salmon. They were $20 each. Right now, I want you to cup one hand into a fist: that is the size of the portion we were given for both entrees. The lobster pasta was so full of oil it was impossible to even taste the actual lobster. If we had gotten two fistfuls of amazing cuisine, that'd be one thing, but... really? I've been to restaurants with portions that size before... as appetizers or tapas. Not for the entrees, and not for that price.We were still starving (and we really aren't big eaters) so we decided to order a pizza. THAT was where we actually got a normal person sized portion - it was decently good.Additionally, they had no menus for us for the first fifteen minutes, and then forgot to bring us napkins and silverware. We had to ask twice. Really awkward.
1	Terrible, terrible service. I brought a friend promising that this place was good, only to be completely ignored by the wait staff. Will most likely never go back- I don't find myself ever wanting to pay $8 for a Caesar salad again.
2	I thought this place was so so.  I went this past Wednesday. I was greeted and led to a nice place by the window.   The service was better than okay - although I do think my server spent quite a bit of time chatting with a favorite customer.  I think that's great, but pay attention to your other customers especially when there is hardly anyone in the resturant. I just didn't think the food was good.  I ordered an iceberg lettuce salad - as it was so hot outside I thought a nice crisp salad would be great.  Well, it was not that cold and it was almost wilted.  The dressing was abundant - unpleasantly so - with garlic.  I had envisioned chopped candied pecans - they were sort of placed on the plate to the side along with a cold strip of bacon.  Not too much effort went into this salad.   I also wanted the weekly selection of ravioli - but they were out of it - even though it didn't seem as though they had a rush at dinner (this was about 7 pm).  I had some meatball dish with a five minute poached egg on it which was again, okay.  The crostini was the best part of the meal.  The hostess was very nice.
3	My husband and I went to this restaurant during a quite Saturday afternoon for lunch. The location is nice, close to small shops. The ambiance was not bad, nor was the service. I had the fried artichoke and pizza, which were both really good. My husband had white bean/chickpea dish, which was a bit bitter for his taste. Overall better than expected!
