5	Disclaimer: owner is my brother-in-law, but I am also a paying customer who used Firehouse Moving's services recently.My wife and I moved across town several months ago and used Firehouse Moving's services to do so. My wife was eight months pregnant at the time, so we needed more help than we typically would. Firehouse was very helpful, professional, and fast. They had our large furniture wrapped, down the stairs, and out the door quickly and safely. They had the garage empty of boxes shortly after that. On the other end, unloading the truck happened as quickly and efficiently, including moving some heavy furniture up a semi-narrow winding staircase.My experience with Firehouse Moving was great, and I definitely recommend their services. They are professional, friendly, and quick. Their prices are very reasonable and without hidden costs. Most importantly, they made what could have been a huge task (moving with a pregnant wife) much much easier.
5	This was our fourth move and the first one totally free of stress.  Dusty and his helper showed up on time.  They were efficient, professional and helpful.  They shrink wrapped everything and nothing came damaged.  I would certainly recommend Firehouse Movers.
5	I've used Firehouse Moving 3 times now -- thanks Dusty -- and it's been a wonderful experience all three times.  My in-laws used them as well and had the same great experience.  They are very friendly and very efficient.  They take care of your belongings from the shrink wrap and cargo blankets to in and out of the truck and house.  Great guys and great service all the way around.  I'd use them again in a heartbeat.
5	We recently moved into our "forever" house and I learned of a moving co. called Firehouse Moving Co.  I found them in a pamphlet sent to me in the mail called To Fix It.  It is a list of companies that have earned their way onto the list.  My husband is very, very picky about movers. The owner, Dusty, is very personable and does a fabulous job.  They were VERY reasonable and  showed up on time and did exactly what we asked.We would DEFINITELY use them again!!!Carol W.
