2	This place is not what it seems. The food wasn't the best and some what pricey. The 'style' of the food is different from what you would think it would be.
5	What a gem of a find in East Charlotte!What to expect:  Traditional "family owned" type restaurant.  Clean, themed decor (seafood, of course), booths large enough for families, and wonderfully friendly wait staff.This restaurant is owned and operated by the family who founded the South 21 drive-ins in Charlotte.  They have a lot of the sandwiches that made South 21 famous in the area.  Face it... they've survived this long in Charlotte because they make good "every-day" food that lots of people enjoy.Our visit:  My husband and I visited this place after driving by it every day for 9 years!  It's kind of out of the way.  You can see it from Albemarle Rd, it has a huge whale on the sign!  But for some reason, we just never made it in until today.We sat down, ordered fried squash as an app and were trying not to woof down the little hushpuppies our waitress brought.  We looked over the menu and both ordered fried dishes.  I ordered a combo plate with flounder and shrimp, hubby ordered the "Deluxe Combo" with a deviled crab, flounder, whitefish, oysters, scallops and shrimp.  Now, don't get me wrong, what we ordered was superb!  It wasn't greasy, and everything had it's own flavor coming through.  However, when the owner, Chris, came to greet us and we mentioned we'd never been there before, he said he wanted to let us sample a couple of things to give us an idea of what else they did with seafood.Here's what we were given to sample:  Sweet Potatoes--- perfect and SO yummy!Yankee Pot Roast---  good enough to make me forgive the entire north for putting sugar in cornbread!  (well, almost... i'm a cornbread snob, sorry)Roasted Ribs--- perfectly tender and nicely seasonedShrimp and Grits---  absolutely AMAZING...  they make the sauce in house (tomato cream w/herbs), the grits were creamy and luscious, the shrimp was tender and wonderfully seasoned, and the sausage was thinly sliced and had just the right kick.  I'm still sad I didn't just order a full meal of that to bring home.Grilled Whitefish---  OK.. they're just genius with this... seriously.  Greek seasoned, just a little splash of lemon and you will be in heaven!!!!  By the time we left we were so full we could barely move!  The owner was SO nice and you could tell he genuinely wanted everyone there to feel welcome and appreciated.  This place just went on my top ten of locally owned establishments in Charlotte.  Give them a shot, you will not leave disappointed.  If you're not sure you like what you have, seriously, just talk to Chris, he'll make it right!
4	The Seafarer, like all Southern "Fish Camps", serves up all sorts of seafood and accouterment, with the majority of the items being fried.  The restaurant is owned by the same family that owns South 21 curb service on Independence Blvd, which has been there since you could cross Independence blvd at numerous intersections, even on foot (way long y'all).That being said, its quality junk-food at its best.  Its by no means healthy, but its a lot better than any fast food you could put in your body.  The tartar sauce is famous and for good reason...its the best I've ever had and cannot be replicated (the recipe is super secret).  They have two types of cole slaw, either mayo or vinegar based, both of which are delish.I like to go during the week to beat the crowds, as on the weekend it is out of control (you can tell by the size of their parking lot).
2	Finally came in here once recently. It's pretty ok. Nothing to write home about, but decent food not too overpriced.
2	I wasn't all-too pleased with this restaurant. Their coleslaw was good, but their fish, scallops and shrimp came wayyy too overcooked for my taste. I won't be back anytime soon.
4	This place is pretty much awesome. It's kind of off the beaten path, but it is worth the trip. I haven't had their broiled seafood, but their fried stuff is delicious. Even the side items are great, especially the 4 cheese macaroni. They have a variety of food so don't feel bad about taking the seafood haters with you. Great choice for families in the Eastland area.
2	Disclaimer: I don't eat seafood! Okay, so I have mixed feeling about The Seafarer.I probably would have never chosen to dine here on my own, but my mom loves fried seafood and I was taking her out for her birthday.I looked ahead online to make sure they have at least one vegetarian option, and score! Veggie plate! Only when I got there, I found out the fresh collard greens and green beans are cooked with bacon, WAH WAH. Was I surprised? No, after all this is The South. Was I dissapointed? Yes, I really wanted fresh greens! So I was left with fried squash, fried okra, and sweet potato casserole. The fried okra was good. The fried squash was not the best I've had. The sweet potato casserole (upcharge because it's seasonal, fyi) was delicious, oh my. But, it really was more of a dessert than a side dish. There was so much brown sugar I almost got a toothache, but don't get me wrong, I ate every single bite. So, let's back up to the best part: when we were seated the waitress brought out complimentary hush puppies and tartar sauce. DAAAAAANNGGG these PUPS WERE GOOD. Like, maybe the best I've ever had! And the tartar sauce was bangin' too.My mom got the fried flounder and fried shrimp plate off the senior citizen menu, which she was super excited about and loved. My boyfriend got the broiled whitefish, which he liked, but didn't love. My only other complaint is that the slaw (mayo based) was too runny.The service and staff here was really nice. The prices are low. The decor is horrible. Do not come here if you are vegetarian, vegan, or looking for anything remotely healthy.If you love fried fish and don't give a *&$# about atmosphere, this is the place for you!
