5	I was so amazed with Lark and Key when I visited during their opening, and I continue to be impressed each time I return. They've got a great selection of beautiful paintings and pottery, but also have less expensive boutique items such as cool shirts, purses and jewelry. Artist/co-owner Duy Huynh's incredible dreamlike paintings are displayed throughout the gallery. Definitely check out Lark and Key during a gallery crawl. Or I'd suggest heading there on a weekday when you'll likely have the place to yourself and can explore.
5	I checked out Lark and Key at the gallery crawl in NoDa last night, and it's a lovely little spot. From their really interesting jewelry to their weird, quirky selection of art, it is refreshing to see a few things on display that are actually affordable. The jewelry prices are actually quite reasonable, especially for fun, boutique items.It sets up a different vibe when you realize that the owners are artists themselves, and I think it affects the quality of the collection. They've got some real clever pieces in here, and I swear, one day I'll be able to afford to buy something for myself!
5	Fantastic little shop at 453-B East 36th Street, the Lark & Key Gallery and Boutique offers a wonderful mix of art pieces by artists/owners Duy Huynh and Sandy Snead as well as items from other independent artists and designers. An impressive selection of artwork, pottery, jewelry, custom t-shirts and paintings - large and small are offered including a current show featuring plush birds on mixed media.   Open Wednesday  - Saturday from 11am - 6 pm and Sunday from noon to 4:00 pm.
5	The gallery crawl is a great way to check out the galleries and scope out some great work. During one of the crawls a few months ago, my husband and I found Lark & Key and found a reason to save our pennies!We became intrigued with the work by Duy Huynh. In our interpretation, he uses subtlety to illuminate powerful themes in life. He got his degree from UNC Charlotte and stayed around. I'm glad to support local artists and he definitely is worth investing in!We also met his partner, artist, and co-owner, Sandy Snead. She was very friendly and helpful. Overall, we enjoyed finding Lark & Key and plan to make frequent visits to that gallery. They not only offer paintings, but also ceramics and jewelry by other artists.
5	Lark and Key (both locations) are our favorite little galleries we visit as often as possible.  I, too, am a big fan of Duy Huynh's art, and the staff couldn't be friendlier.  There's something about the vibe and type of art they sell that keeps me coming back.  Stop in when Magic Michael Casey comes to visit too! (April Gallery Crawl I believe will be his next stop).
