5	Not sure if this place functions as a regular hotel for all visitors, but I got a tip from someone in the know that this place was a good place to stay for a visit to Madison.  It's not much - definitely do not expect anything fancy - but it's cheap ($96/night) and centrally located (especially if you're looking to bar hop in the area or generally want to have non-car options).  It can get somewhat loud since it's next to student housing & perhaps a frat or two, but I didn't find it to be much of a problem and I was on the first floor.  The five stars are for convenience, price, and location.
5	awesome spotfor $80, incredibly clean, perfect location, nice bath products, good service. i'd stay there again, fo sho!
4	I stayed here while doing Ph.D. research at the State Historical Society and government agencies.  It's not a full service hotel, and the staff don't exactly go out of their way to help, but the location/price tradeoff can't be beat.  The price includes a half-decent breakfast with scramblers, pastries and other real food.
3	Location is ON the University of Wisconsin - Madison campus, it's an annex of sorts. The Lowell Center serves as the conference center and "hotel" for the University.  If you are on official University business your hotel room is discounted to the state per diem rate of $70/night (that's right, no taxes or room charges you pay $70/night). Everyone else pays a higher $85/night ++ rate.The location can't be beat. A block from the bookstore and library, bars, restaurants and on the lake. That is the best thing it has going for it. They also give you a parking spot so you can dump your car and walk while you are on campus. For those of you who haven't been to Madison, cars are a pain. Free Wi-Fi. Flat screen TV. Mini-fridge and free breakfast with a hot meal option. Indoor swimming pool round out the positives.On the other hand. There are other issues with this hotel. It is in dire need of a renovation. It would be nice if they just took off the headboards and bedding from the 80s. The shower was enclosed with a door and tiled. I wouldn't use it. I'm sure it was clean but it just looked old and worn. It's also ON the Greek Row so there is the potential for loud parties. I didn't hear anything but it was cold out. In the summer I'm sure it could be an issue.Would I be back? Absolutely. Would I recommend it to my friends? Absolutely. Would I recommend it to my parents? No, they are way too picky. But you can't beat the location and the value, just keep what it is in mind, it's the the Hilton or the Hyatt.
4	Me and two of my friends are here in the name of grad research and this place is so close to State St. and really awesome looking bars that I just want to ditch it all and go chugalug. Unfortunately I can't =(It's the mid to end of August so while I can imagine (as Helen C. noted) us getting a lot of noise from the frat or sorority house next door, it seems like not many people are staying there. Also, it is a Wednesday night and this isn't UCSB so maybe that's the real reason it's quiet.This place is four notches above a dorm room and one notch below a holiday inn (well a nicer holiday inn since I know they vary in quality). They do offer Emeril's coffee, a coffee maker, an iron, an ironing board, a hair dryer, bath and body works shampoo, conditioner and soap and neutrogena face wash but no toothpaste. Thankfully there is a Walgreens just a couple blocks away on State. I have now lost the patience to form full sentences so here is the rest of my sad little review:It's freezing in the roomFree unhealthy, fattening breakfast. You can opt to have yogurt or fruit but I had the breakfast casserole with sausage on the side and was in heaven. Beware the rubbery hard boiled eggs!!!Bathroom is kind of clean... but looks like something in a dorm.Service? It's excellent or horrifying and truly depends on who is staffing the front deskBedding? Stiff, but works. Came back with no bed bugs so I'm happy.Would I stay here again? Definitely (for the breakfast alone)
5	The room, yet quaint, is very updated. Bed is very comfy, room is very clean. Great location; in walking distance to tons of stuff. Great guest service at the front desk also. Highly reccommend!
4	I had ridiculously low hopes for this place walking up but boy was I surprised.  What a great place to stay!  Clean, very nice rooms, and the breakfast was fantastic.  Great location also! Keep up the good work!
4	Nice no thrills place, great updated rooms. Breakfast fair is typical of any "continental" offering no worse no better.  Dig the locaion to State St and the Capitol.
3	I have been staying here for campus visits for many years now and even stayed here for a few weeks a few summers ago, and the rooms have improved. Most have had the bathrooms modernized, new TVs installed, and the wifi is much better. The weekly breakfasts are awesome - the famous Lowell Center egg bake is a winner and the pool is a nice bonus. It is walking distance to the Historical Society, the main campus, and the memorial union. It is also close to state street and a walk to the capitol will take just a few minutes and you can check out the many coffee shops and cafes on State Street. What is not so great? Breakfast: Saturday and Sunday the egg bake is out the door as the food service workers have the weekend off and work-study kids take over. On the weekends expect sausage links, bagels (which were pretty good) and bagged hard boiled eggs. For some reason only the food service workers can make the egg bakes - and the students can't. Now, no one would think to have the egg bakes made then frozen or - egads- have a food service worker work each day of the weekend. It is just silly if you ask me that they have one breakfast M-F and a totally different experience S-Sun. Give us the Lowell Center egg bake! Coffee: Let us have coffee beyond the rather Spartan "regular" breakfast hours. A few pots on the first floor would go a long way to make guests feel like guests. Parking: I don't remember paying extra for parking a few years ago, but now in order to park for free you must park several blocks away. Seems like a hassle. Greek Life: The frat boys and sorority girls are walking up and down this street making noise all the time. The new mid-rise apartments across the street are very loud. My friends and I saw girls flashing tops and bottoms the night we were there. We were not complaining, but it was a bit loud, and a bit much. Of course, the Lowell Center does not have any control over the drunk boys and girls on the patio showing their short-shorts or lifting up skirts.
4	It does feel a little bit like what I assume it is - a converted dorm.  That said, there are only a couple remnants of dorm-ness (the hot water was oh-so-slow, but it was traveling to the 6th floor).  When I checked in, the student on duty was missing from the front desk.  After flying all day I was not happy standing around for 15 minutes waiting.Was visiting my son, a student at UW.  This was very close to his apartment, and very convenient for walking around State street and the capitol.  I didn't love walking alone between the apartment buildings and skeezy "fraternity" house from State to the Lowell at night, but the tradeoff was that it was only a block and a half.I was in a renovated room.  The rooms are separated from the elevators by glass doors, which helps to keep things quiet.  The AC worked like a charm.  They serve breakfast early on the basement level.For the price it's a total bargain and I'll definitely stay here again.
2	I am in the process of checking out early from the Lowell Center, after having woken up at 2 am roasting because the "air conditioning" I paid extra for doesn't work. When I arrived the room was dirty, with old hairs in the shower and sink, sticky stuff on the desk, and a piece of food underneath the phone handset. I called the front desk and requested that the room be given extra attention during cleaning the next day, but the exact same hair was still there even after housekeeping came through. Despite my paying 25% more for an upgraded room with a refrigerator and a thermostat, the lowest temperature the room has reached is 72 degrees during the day and 70.5 at night even when set at 65. The fridge is smaller even than the standard mini fridge size, and there is not even a bath tub. The so-called "state of the art" fitness center is a  joke, with just two new ellipticals, one new and one old treadmill, an ancient exercise bike, and some free weights. I had high hopes after reading all the positive reviews, but have found that unfortunately the hotel does not live up to its reputation.
4	The Lowell Center is great for business travelers. I have been there multiple times to discuss research programs and the Lowell Center gives a good environment for business while still allowing for comforts of home after hours. All of the rooms are reasonably sized and well furnished, although it's very similar to every dorm room I've ever been in.The service is very good and the breakfast in the morning is absolutely amazing. I definitely appreciate the ability to walk to a lot of restaurants in town.
4	Great hotel! I thought it was going to be a dorm with shared bathrooms, etc but it is NOT that! IT IS A REGULAR HOTEL!  I was in a regular hotel room with my own bathroom.  I was there last month -- April 2014. PROS:  On campus. Walking distance to State Street where there are plenty of restaurants (potbellys, etc.), Walgreens, clothing stores, etc. Buffet breakfast.  Absolutely the BEST waffles.  You pour the batter into the waffle iron and three minutes later, you get fresh, crisp, tasty waffles. You can add strawberries, syrup, whipped cream, etc.  I have never tasted better waffles. Fridge in room. Small but a good convenience. Near the lake. Pretty view of the lake.Close to Dane County airport (MSN).  About a 20-minute cab ride.CONS:On campus lol.  You will see tons of college kids if you venture out late at night. Buffet breakfast lol.  It is not a large buffet.  The egg station is just....scrambled eggs. Not omlets, just scrambled eggs. They should at least offer the option of adding cheese but I did not see that.  I did get egg white only scrambled eggs so .......Hard to regulate temperature in room.  Heater is operated separately from air conditioner. Air conditioner is a stand alone air cirulator look alike. Toiletries are small.  They provide lotion, conditioner, and shampoo in VERY small bottles. Bring your own or ask for extra - you'll need it.Overall, I liked it and I would stay there again.
5	This hotel is a little known gem! I stayed at the hotel for badger game day and had such a wonderful time. Immediately when you walk into the lobby you know the hotel is quality. There is a high en business center with apple computers and printers. The rooms are clean and the bed is very comfortable. There is even a keurig coffee maker in each room! The continental breakfast is amazing, eggs made to order, waffle station, sausage and an assortment of bagels and donuts. I am definitely staying here every time I come to Madison.
4	Surprisingly nice. For whatever reason, I was convinced the room was going to be very similar to a dorm room. Nope, just like any hotel room, actually nicer than some I've stayed to be honest. Fitness center was small, but did have an outside view!Will gladly book again if/when I head back up for any/all conferences.
