4	Pricier than the USPS, but this new location is definitely closer to me to send out packages. Customer service was friendly and helpful. I've been here twice and they have no long lines or wait time. Both times, the customer service has been excellent. Only four stars for their high prices, but it gets the job done. I will be returning!
2	My husband ordered an item online and it arrived broken. The company emailed us a prepaid FedEx label so we could send the item back. I came in to this FexEx location on a Friday afternoon to drop off the item. Since it was all ready to go I didn't need an assistance, and I am ever so thankful for that. There was 7 people in line when I walked in, with one 1 employee working. As I dropped my package on the counter I heard her on the phone, trying to get another employee to come out and help her. She seemed to be doing the best she could but it was clear she was feeling frazzled and it was impacting the service. If you are just dropping something off, like I was, this location may be fine but if you are in a hurry and need to ship something you may want to skip this location, as it seems the management needs to work on scheduling more counter help.
5	They have all the packing supplies that you need but you do have to pay for it. They have all the forms you need for shipping domestic and international.The workers are very friendly and professional.Sometimes there are long lines but they move quick.Keep in mind that the front door doesn't face the parking lot so you do have to walk around.
1	When FedEx started using Office Max for a drop off location I was very happy for the convenience. This is the second time in 6 months that I have tried to ship a package FedEx Ground from here to Southern California. Both times the driver "forgot" to pick the package up.  The first time it sat there a week before it was discovered, this time two days. A supervisor in LV looked into this and promised the pkg would be picked up that day, Friday, and delivered on Saturday. Now it is Saturday and they are saying that the package went to a different city and will not be delivered until Tuesday.  This is the last time I will deal with Fed Ex. No one will take responsibility they all keep checking with someone else. Their last screw up cost me almost $400 and they refused to pay. They need to  take a look at their partnerships and operations. If this has happened to me twice at the same location how many times has it happened to other people.
1	If I could give this location zero stars I would.This location contained the most incompetent string of FedEx employees I have ever had the unfortunate "luck" to encounter.It started with tracking the package I was expecting just to see that it was listed as 'Incorrect Address'.  My first thought was how could this be?  I had made sure the address was listed correctly when I placed the order and when I received the shipment notification it also had the correct address.  When I called the customer service center they told me that the note on the shipment was that my shipping address did not include a building number.  In my complex, we do have unit #'s and building #'s.  The unit #'s and building #'s do not repeat.  The building #'s are used to narrow down which area of the complex you are in but you can still locate a unit without the building #.  I have lived in this complex for 3 years and the only time I've used the building # is when I have a visitor or I am ordering take-out food.This was not the first thing I've had shipped to this apartment and this was the first time I've had this problem.  Obviously the driver was new and didn't know the area, too lazy to ask the security guards for directions, ask the renters office for help, or just didn't feel like doing their work today.The customer service agent let me know that they could put a note on this shipment so that as soon as the package was returned to the shipment center, I would be notified by text or email and would be able to go pick up the package in person.I never received the notice.  I took a change and went to the FedEx location hoping that my package would have been returned to the shipment center.  Turns out that the package had returned to the center 45 mins before I even got there yet, still to this day, no email, phone call or text was ever received as I was promised.The gentlemen at the counter who was assisting me in retrieving the box took at look at my tracking # and ID and proceeded to the back to look for the box.  When he came back out 10 mins later, he said he couldn't find it because he did not write down the tracking # and needed the information again.  Wouldn't it have been important information to take down the first time around instead of wasting 10 minutes?!?!  When he finally found it, he scanned the label, I signed to say I received it and as I took possession of the box, he grabbed it out of my hands so he could verify the name on the box again.  REALLY?!?!  That information should have been checked, double checked and tripped checked before even handing me the package and having me sign for it.I will avoid shipping with FedEX and especially to this location for the rest of my life.
1	Rude, incompetent, horrible customer service and lazy. They also charged me more than double what the FedEx website quoted.
3	FedEx is FedEx so this will be brief. I come here often to mail work related items all over the country and the customer service here is always phenomenal. I have been assisted by at least five different employees and can safely say each of them was pleasant, friendly, and efficient. I'm not certain why many of the other reviews disagree with my point of view on this, but hey, everyone has a bad day every once in awhile.The only other thing that is review-worthy to note is the pricing. Since my company is typically responsible for footing the bill, I get off easy. It is however evident that in certain situations it is cheaper just to go the USPS route, so keep that in mind.
2	I'm almost 100% sure my clerk was just smoking pot outside JUST before I arrived to pick up a package that required signature confirmation last Friday night.  From the lack of eye contact to him TEXTING while on the job and at the counter to audibly joking around with his buddies in back perhaps this is the fault of arriving mere moments before the store closed, but in reality this is an international company that was holding nearly $5,000 worth of my property and countless thousands of other people's possessions.Overall clean facilities and thankfully nothing was broken, but not exactly a glowing endorsement for a service I could have just as easily obtained from UPS or the USPS.
1	How about 0 Stars? I came in to pick up a package and of course I didn't have the tracking number. I received instructions on how to go about getting it. When I arrived at the store and repeated what I was told the clerk told me she couldn't do it (I work in customer service and "can't" is not a word you use). She in turn told me to do exactly what she was supposed to be doing. I'm still sitting here wondering how me calling was any different from her calling. I asked to speak with a manager and she avoided doing so by continuing to talk. If there's a way to make sure my package goes to a different location next time I'm definitely going to do so. I do not want to come back here.
