5	Wam-bam thank you ma'am! I love cheap pizza!This is a new establishment right by the college, and thank goodness cause my cheap ass likes to eat all I can for the smallest dollar.
3	Lunch special of deep-dish slices and a drink for $5 is mad decent. Deep dish pizza here is surprisingly good, and even buying a whole is cheap, but only if we're talking calories and not nutrition. Location is in a strip mall plaza, in a smaller building near the street- interior is pretty bare and small, as most LC's are. Service is fairly quick and polite, though I've been known to come shortly before close when they're down to only one or two guys working and things get backed up. But at least your pizza is super fresh.Haven't worked up the nerve to try their new pretzel pizza but someday I'm sure I'll get around to it one of these days.
1	I have always been a fan of little caesars until today.I called in a order for a pretzel pizza with marinera sauce (no cheese sauce). I get a rude answer back with "we don't do that". As I proceeded to tell the girl on the phone I have had it done several times she proceeded to tell me "no we dont". I have never been treated with such disrespect. I asked to speak to someone else and she told me that she is the general manager. As a general manager you DO NOT tell a customer they are wrong. You politely explain the policy with the company and apologize and maybe suggest them something else. I asked for her supervisors name and number and with a condescending voice she said "I can give her your fax". After going back and forth I took the number and hung up. This happened between 5:15 pm and 5:30 pm on November 26 2014. My boyfriend went in after I told him I couldn't order it and they gave him the order with no cheese and extra marinera!!!!! That store is ran by a joke of a general manager. If I could give a negative rating on customer service I would.  I'm very very disappointed with the major lack of customer service there. I hope things get better.
