4	This staff is awesome laura is the best. Food is fantastic happy hour 4-7:30.  They have a breakfast buffet for under $10. And dinner $7-27 range. Goood food
4	this restuarant is a well-kept secret. the food is great -- try the vegetable medley -- and the staff is excellent. it's almost always deserted during dinner, so it's like having an entire restaurant to yourself. the best part. if you have an entertainment book, your meals are always 2-for-1 (expect on holidays). they never punch your diner's card, so you can use it as many times as you want. i'm talking about a prime rib dinner for two people for less than $20.
4	Had the ribs, a little wetter than I'd prefer but just enough kick to make them really good without being annoying hot (this place is Cajun)
5	Bonjour Mes Amis Dit mon la verite'! 5 stars?!? Ca c'est bon Lafitte's seems to be one of the nicest restaurants in the area, and still quite affordable, considering what you get for your money. (and this from a bonifide cheapskate) It was also nearly empty for Sunday dinner, but I'm sure that is something that varies greatly seasonally. Lafitte's is hidden inside of the Embassy Fountain Suites Hotel s.e. corner of I-17 and Greenway Rd, and is a little cajun/creole restaurant that really is a Lagniappe! The menu was quite large and much more varied than I thought it would be. (not all seafood) Breakfast, lunch, and dinner are served. Gumbo, Jambalaya, soup, Po'Boy and a bunch of other sandwiches, salads, pizza, entrees from pasta and veggies to fillet, ribs, prime rib, and more scrimps than you, Capt. Dan (and Bubba, en spirit) could ever get from a night out on the Jenny in the bayou. The baby back ribs had both a dry rub and a sauce glazed on while grilling ~sweet, spicy (could've been a tad hotter), tender and meaty and moist. The prime rib came in a slab worthy of Fred Flintstones dinner plate. The large portion was seriously somewhere between two and three inches thick, and the portion and it's demi-glace filled HALF of the plate, shoving the colorful mixed veggies to one side, and the side order of chicken and sausage jambalaya -- luckily in it's own little cup -- was moved onto the table to accommodate meat-slab-slicing-room. The beef was cooked perfectly to order (MR for me, R for pop), tender, flavorful with or without the sauce, and just the right amount of fattiness. Let us return to that jambalaya. WHEW BOYEE, it was a delicious dark gravy stew over rice that easily could be a satisfying meal on its own! C'est magnifique, I gau-RUN-tee! There were two different scrimps dishes at the table as well, which both must have been really good, because neither the saucy one or the pasta-ey one got shared with anyone! There is a tasty although probably over-hyped ice cream dish on the desert menu that seems like some sort of cake but is really just a big slab of Neapolitan ice cream with a tiny bit of meringue on the outside. Service was superb! Our server was lively, attentive, funny, and really nice. She was knowledgeable about the dishes, offered recommendations when asked (even a bit of a Miracle on 34th Street-ish: "I'd get one of the other sides, not because the sweet potato fries are bad, they're just average, and so many of the other sides you'd be missing are so good"), and was also familiar with the details (and made sure we were, too) of the restaurant.com coupon. The restaurant.com coupon was what really made this a smokin' deal, and I heard from a coworker that they have a BOGO in the Entertainment book ,too. Even without the deals, the menu is really not very expensive considering the quality and portion size that you get at Lafitte's. 4 out of 5 dinner entrees were all $16, with many choices on either side of that average. Lunch sammies complete with side of fries or ? are around $8-9. The ice cream conglomeration fed all 5 of us for $8. Not bad 'tall, mon cheri. Laisser les bons temps rouler !
3	It was girls dinner night again. I picked Lafitte's because L give me a $25 GC from last year. We better cash in or lose it. We ordered the appetizer - Ribs and Chicken wings. They were SO SO SO SO GOOD!! We could not stop eating them. I ordered a PO Boy Chicken for main course. It was OK, basically a grilled chicken sandwich. I thought I was going to get more spices, nope just a grilled chicken. M loved her steak, potatoes, etc... G loved her burger... and L liked her PO Boy Shrimp. It was a good night of laughs, stories, and spending time with the girls.
4	How to make an impression: When picking up your date for the evening (2nd date) and she asks where you are going, tell her you decided to check out a local hotel...... with her daughter and her family in the room.  I got some strange looks and her  SIL made a point of stating we most likely would not be back in time to watch a movie.Lafitte's is most definitely a hotel restaurant.  In place are the omelet station and self serve stations for breakfast/brunch.Although we thought we had arrived early for dinner (6PM) the place was slammed with two large dining parties and a large gathering in the lounge area and the banquet room full too.  The dining room/lounge area appeared to have only one waitress and she was frazzled but holding up pretty well.  She mentioned this was A) abnormal and B) the second night in a row like this.  When my dining partner was in the restroom another diner mentioned her and her husband had come for a quiet dinner as this place was always deserted.  When she did get to us to take our drink order she advised us to order everything before 2 large parties got their dinner order in or it would be a while.  Turned out it was a while anyway, our total dinner stay was right at 2 hours.I had printed out a menu and on the way over we discussed what we might get and it turns out the actual menu is just enough different we changed our minds.  We ended up with an appetizer of 2 crab cakes and she got a shrimp Po'boy which came with fries and I got the chicken Florentine which came with a salad, garlic mashed potatoes and some sauteed vegetables.  We both decided the crab cakes had a nice ratio of crab to filler but we were not used to the seasonings.  Why a salad of mixed greens needs to have some bitter stuff in itI don't know but this was another one I have come across that did.  The blue cheese dressing was heavy on vinegar.  Neither of us had had a shrimp Po'boy before and we both decided we liked it.  We also both liked the chicken and I liked the mashed potatoes and vegetables although there was nothing spectacular about them.  The house Merlot I had made Franzia look like a $40 a bottle wine.Of note, although I think it was because they were slammed.  My salad came out before the appetizer and the crab cakes, although we made it well known we were sharing, did not come with a plate to share with.As we were getting up to leave the manager caught up with us and apologized for the less than stellar service.  That was nice of her but we really didn't  notice it that much because we were in a mood to sit and chat anyway. At no time did we feel rushed.   We both decided it would be a place worth returning to.It's probably more a 3.5 but the evening was a pleasant one so I don't mind rounding up.
5	Ryan C told me they make a real burger here. Well I had to se for myself. The burger is a hand Pattied Sirloin burger cooked to order over a flame...yep a flame...chared beef, like a burger is supposed to be. It was perfect, the price was right, the building is great, I loved it. I cannot wait to try more food. FYI.. it is a chain ohhhhh.
1	Had lunch at Lafitte's and ordered a shrimp poboy sandwich. This was the worst poboy i have ever eaten, super dry with little to no taste. The restaurant was dead with only 1 other table and slow wait staff (1 server). I was hoping for a gem, but this was not.
3	Food was ok.  My shrimp po boy wasn't very fresh.  And the food was bland. Place was empty for lunch at first I thought the place was closed. Service for lunch was a snails pace.  I won't go back.
5	This restaurant is located in the Embassy Suites hotel. Don't let the expensive hotel fool you. The prices at the restaurant are very good and affordable. I specifically go here for the huge prime rib. It's awesome. I've been here numerous times and have never been disappointed. Stop wasting money on expensive smaller prime ribs at Outback or some other steakhouse. The large prime rib here is $16.95 and comes with 2 authentic southern sides of your choice, soup, salad, and rolls. It's a great price and great meal. You can get the still large, but smaller prime rib for $13.95. There's so much good food and large portions, I rarely finish it.  They also take Restaurant.com gift certificates. Our 2 large prime rib meals come to $35.00, and you get $25.00 off of that!! You can't go anywhere and have 2 big and complete prime rib dinners for $10!! Their other food is very good. I've had their crab cakes, chicken dish, and all their sides. Their sweet potato souflee is awesome. Green beans almondine, so good with the bacon. If you want to impress someone, take them here. The ambiance is classy, beautiful, yet you can dress casually. Use a restaurant.com here and your date or group will think you've spent lots of money, when in fact, it's very cheap. Their other meals range from $8-$15. They also have sandwiches, burgers, chicken, seafood, and pasta. I'm getting married in October and we're taking our wedding party here and out of state relatives. I'm getting a restaurant.com certificate - If we spend $150 (which we will with a large group), we get $75 off that bill !! This is a great place for quality food, a beautiful and romantic atmosphere, and cheap dining.  I'm giving this restaurant a price range of cheap because you can use a restaurant.com for lunch or dinner and the bill ends up being very inexpensive. There is also a nice bar right next to the restaurant. You can also eat in the bar and watch the plasma's if you want.
4	I'm always on the search for a cajun restaurant to try - it doesn't matter whether it is good, bad or indifferent. I can always seem to find something I like, and with cajun food, I am pretty easy to satisfy.We decided to give Lafitte's a try, although we wondered what a cajun restaurant was doing in an Embassy Suites Hotel.  We did manage to find it, and we were pleasantly surprised.  The menu was not all cajun/creole dishes - it is a general restaurant for the hotel so there are a number of different menu items for those not interested in cajun.Although we didn't get to try everything, we did opt for our usual  - gumbo and shrimp etoufee, and a cup of jambalaya. We were pleasantly surprised - all were fairly authentic, and quite good. The size of the servings were larger than normal, which was nice.  It might be noted that the jambalaya is not your typical restaurant version - it is a rice mixture covered in a very dark roux. We both loved it, but we are use to dark rouxs - many would feel the taste offsetting.Only two minor negatives.  It would have been nice if they would have had at least one beer from Louisiana - the beer list was really limited, which was surprising to me. And a person might want to order extra rice, as the portions were large, but came with only one scoop of rice.The prices were more than reasonable, and I am sure we will return to try other menu items.
4	I've been looking for a decent prime rib in the area for years with no luck. That's all changed now. I found Lafitte's on Yelp, and was surprised - I had no idea it existed. I'm glad I came though. The prime rib was easily the best prime rib I've had in this part of town, and may be the best prime rib I've had in the under $20 price range in years.  The place seems relatively unknown - it's hidden in the Embassy Suites Hotel. So on a Saturday night it was pretty slow - hardly anyone there. That's really a shame.  The food was very good. It started with the salad. It seemed fresh - it didn't look or feel like it came from a bag. The greens weren't overly cold or wet, and it was arranged nicely on the plate. The bread was a simple sourdough.   We ordered the petite cut, and when our waitress brought out the plate, I was a bit shocked. It was much larger than everyone else's large cut. I could barely eat it - that's saying something. I had the creaole jambalaya as a side. It was tasty with some spice. The sausage was tasty. The vegetables were ok - a mix of squash, colored onions, etc.  The waitress was friendly and courteous, and never let our drinks get empty. The nest part was that two of us ate for less than $35. I'll be back!
2	Sorry Lafitte's.  I was pretty stoked to go here after reading some positive reviews.  I also had a "spend $35 and get $25 off" certificate from restaurant.com which made the excitement even greater.I parked under a sign that said I better lock my car or I'm SOL.  I'm a big boy so ok, no worries.  Still optimistic.When we walked in I felt like I was in the school cafeteria with all the lights.  Boy is it bright.  It was also dead.  A few "blue hairs" in the booths but I didn't come here to socialize.  Again, ok, still optimistic.Waiter came quickly along with her backup with some bread.  ho hum.  Just bread with a little granulated garlic on top and packets of butter.  Ok, getting just a little worried.There were just the two of us (my Wifey and I) and we had $35 buck to spend so we ordered up.She got the crab cakes.  I got the prime rib.  We also got the wings and ribs combo to taste what everyone what talking about.The crab cakes were poor and had a fishy taste.  My Prime Rib was a nice big hunk, tender, and cooked properly.  The strange part was is was covered in gravy.  Huh?  Not au jus, just thick, salty, plane, brown gravy.  I friggin LOVE gravy, but not on my prime rib please.  This was definitely gravy from a packet too.  I actually said to my wife that I didn't like the gravy.  She dropped her fork, laughed, and said that she never thought she would hear me utter those words.  I'm pretty surprised that I didn't hear about the gravy in other reviews.It came with a salad, which was fresh, a vegetable, and a side.  I chose the mashed potatoes.  The veggies were squash.  A little undercooked and WAY under seasoned.  Potatoes were the same way.  Tasteless, even after I scraped the gravy onto them.The final piece of the meal was the wings and ribs.  The wings were actually great.  Perfectly cooked with a nice seasoning to them.  A surprise star was the blue cheese that I asked for with the ribs.  Great blue cheese with huge pieces inside the large portion they gave.  The ribs were cooked properly but I didn't care for the aftertaste to the BBQ sauce.All in all it was decent at best.  Again, the prime rib at $19 bucks is a steal, too bad they couldn't round out the rest of the meal.  Even with another coupon, I doubt I'll be back
3	I have only been to New Orleans once...but I loved the food, so I was really excited to try this place out. The service was very attentive, but they weren't that busy. Dave and my aunt got the prime rib, Austin got the baby back ribs and I went for the Bayou Country Creole. Luckily we read all the reviews and they ordered their prime rib without the gravy. Everyone seemed to enjoy the prime rib and Austin really liked the baby back ribs. Of course I had a bite of everything. Good flavor on the ribs, not to spicy for a kid. My aunt tried the Sweet Potato Souffle, which is absolutely horrible, it had been reheated so many times is was like cement in a cup. And while their food was ok/good; I came here for New Orleans fare, not the same stuff I could get anywhere in town, which was why I was disappointed. The country creole was just ok. It was a bit bland and it really didn't take me back to New Orleans. It seemed like I could do better pulling a recipe of the internet.I also didn't realize they were somewhat of a chain with a handful of locations around the county. I understand the food needs to be somewhat bland because they are serving so many people; but on the other hand I would have been much more impressed if they took the bold step to prepare and serve the food more like they do in New Orleans, that is what people are expecting, or at least that was what I was expecting. I doubt we will be back because I can get the same fare any place else in the city. Also, we went here on a coupon from restaurant.com...don't waste your money on these coupons, you have to spend so much to save a few bucks, the bill would be the same or cheaper without the coupon!
1	Went there with a coupon from the entertainment book - buy one get one free - wasn't worth it!  Others have said it was bland - that would have been an improvement - no flavor at all in the creole chicken, and the portion size made me want to stop at a McDonalds on the way home.  Service was wonderful, but I pay for food. When I complained about the lack of flavor the server just shrugged and said "huh! Nobody else says that" - gee thanks - hope she didn't strain her 'concern' muscle. The wife got the shrimp angel hair pasta - she ate the shrimp and left the pasta as it was also flavorless - server asked if she wanted a box and the wife actually laughed at the thought of taking plain pasta home.
1	This is the most bland, flavorless food I have ever tried to eat.  I got a pasta dish and that is what it was -- angel hair pasta.  No sauce.  No flavor.  Awful.  My husband got the creole chicken, and while it had some flavor (mostly tomato) it was very blah as well.  Very disappointing.
1	Terrible, terrible, terrible. Baaaaad service, bad food and kind of a gross atmosphere. There is not one positive thing I can say about this place. Literally.
1	Perhaps I need to try this place for dinner, but my lunch experience was so bad I doubt I'll even give them another chance. My girlfriend and I wanted to try this place due to her finding a coupon in her Entertainment Book, so we thought we'd try it out for lunch one Saturday afternoon.We probably should have left after standing at the hostess both for nearly 10 minutes and having NO one come to seat us, but we didn't. That really should have been our first clue. When they finally sat us, things seemed to look up because they took our drink orders, returned with them fairly quickly, and then took our food order. All seemed well.We finished our salads, and maybe another 15 minutes went by when a different person from our original waitress came over and told us they had no crawfish etouffee available, which is the main reason my girlfriend wanted to try this place. She was a bit disappointed, but asked the waitress about some cajun shrimp pizza they had instead. Unfortunately, this waitress did not speak English and could not understand what she was asking her. So, she went to find the original lady who sat us, which took another 10 minutes or so. Finally, she came over, and said they didn't have that either. At that point, we'd had enough. We asked for the check for the drinks and salads, though the lady was kind enough to take those off for us, because she knew we were not satisfied with the experience.Like I said, maybe dinnertime would be better to come here, but I can't say for sure that I will ever take that risk here. I would avoid this place and eat at Baby Kay's if you want a good Cajun-style meal.
1	After I went here I noticed the reviews were a couple years old. Things have changed. I tried the chicken and sausage gumbo for an appetizer and it was more a mistake. It reminded me of when I was experimenting trying to come up with a gluten free roux, it just don't work. I ordered the prime rib after seeing favorable reviews. It was so bad I couldn't finish it and had decided not to take it home to my girlfriend's dog, I like him too much. The end of this meal for me was when I found a hair in my mashed potatoes. There are too many good restaurants between me and this place to give them a second shot. I can't wait for Baby Kay's to open back up in their new location!!!
4	I really enjoyed the experience here.  The hotel interior was beautiful and peaceful and the service and food were exquisite!  I had the etouffee and highly recommend it.
1	The food is good but the service is TERRIBLE!  We had a party of 7 and we were the ONLY table in the restaurant 15 mins before we were even given menus.  In fact one of our friends had to go tell them we didn't have .enus.  Our food took forever and came out cold.  We were never given bread a D had to ask for silverware AFTER our food was served.
2	I had lunch at Lafitte's six times over the past couple of years, while attending meetings or seminars in the hotel. The food was not bad, though hardly anything exceptional. Whatever positives existed were overcome by the extremely poor service ... especially today (8/21/14).  I acknowledge that it is not easy to serve a deluge of more than 50 people who arrive at once, even though we accommodate you by sending written orders in at least an hour before we will arrive.  The waitress got me an iced tea .. and that was the extent of the "service" I received!  After waiting 15 minutes, I asked why food was being stacked on carts around the room, and was told we have to FIND our meal among the ones that come out from the kitchen.  So I joined dozens of others milling from cart to cart, looking for our food. People were taking the wrong meal, then returning it to the cart (with their fingers in the dish!)  No server offered any help in reconciling the meals with the diner. Nobody offered a refill on the drinks.  And, just to top off this disaster, there was a mandatory 20% tip added to our individual checks!  Unreal ... next time, I'll leave the hotel and go somewhere else for lunch.
4	This is a hidden little gem located right in embassy suites. I just ordered there mile high pie. And it was the bomb.com. Look foward to going here more!!
5	This restaurant always comes up on our Entertainment coupon app. Looking for something different, we thought we'd give it a try. I was surprised to find that it's located in the Embassy Suites hotel. And, even more surprised at how nice it is inside! Not to mention the surrounding hotel grounds. The restaurant is located in the center of a large atrium-like lobby with the lounge on one side and a large buffet area on the other. It is very open and beautifully decorated. We went on a Saturday around one in the afternoon. There was only one other table. We were seated right away by a young lady named Madyson. She was also our server. She brought our drinks and answered our questions about the menu. We decided on the Shrimp Po'boy and the Mardi Gras Mambo Salad with blackened shrimp. While we were waiting, someone came by with a small loaf of bread and butter. It looked fresh from the oven and was seasoned perfectly! I don't eat much bread, but it was so good I had several slices!Our food came out shortly. I loved the salad. Nice size  chunks of bleu cheese, Kalamata olives, cucumber, red onion and pecans on a bed of romaine. I would have liked a little more of the toppings, but otherwise it was delicious! And very fresh! I ordered roumalade dressing on the side. Having never had it before, I have nothing to compare it with. It seemed a bit bland though. I was expecting something more flavorful. The Po'boy was good. It had alot of shrimp on it and a generous side of fries.Our server, Madyson, was very pleasant. The food was good. We saw several things on the menu we want to try. The Shrimp Ravioli being one of them. And the atmosphere is A++. Definitely planning to return!
