4	I must concur the best gelato in the area since there really aren't any other ones there. Located right before the beautiful park with a spray fountain that sets such an amazing and relax environment. A very quiet/safe neighborhood. Lady happened to be Vietnamese and use to live in LA so we had something in common to talk about. Firstly I was blown away by flavors like steak and salmon while browsing. however...they were for pets. lol. glad i asked...what if i consumed it? T_T.however i was please to find that all the other flavors were natural and the ingredients used were premium. Must say that Los Angeles has wayyyyyy better gelato but this place would be considered bomb in the area.Pricey but worthy for the outdoor experience. You can be savoring your gelato while laying on the bed of lush grass under the open starry sky at the park. Mmm nicee.
5	Attention to detail in the best of the all natural ingredientsthis place is a MUST forget ice cream and frozen yougurtyou will not find a healthier tastier frozen treat ANYWHERE IN THE USAand I HAVE BEEN IN ALL THE STATES@..A MUST TASTE AND GO TO PLACE for you and your dogsthe frozen deserts for dogs are mmmmm for them tootry it you will keep going back for more I LOVE THIS PLACE@and the views@!
2	This is NOT the best galatto in the valley. Although the view of the fountain is nice, it was way over priced for the lack of flavor. It wasn't bad, but is there such a thing as bad galatto?
4	Definately some good gelato here, I recommend the Blood Orange!
5	Your taste buds will never be the same again after eating at this amazing gelato shop.  Indulge and spoil yourself for a treat you will never forget!I have been to this creamery twice now and each time I was overly surprised at how good it was.  It has the perfect balance of sweetness that is incredibly hard to find.  In fact, this is the first time I have found just that!  If you like a lot of sugar in your sweets, this may not be the place for you.  But, if you're like me and are in constant search for the best, then you need to experience it for yourself.Not only is the sweetness mastered, but the flavor infusions are wonderfully concocted as well.  Coconut, one of my favorites, made with real "young" coconuts (not from a bag), makes you feel like you are in Mexico--it tasted that fresh.  If you like your gelato plain or frivolous, it's all there.  Rocky Road, Pistachio, Chocolate, Roasted Banana, Cherries Jubilee, to only name a short few.  Both times I went the selection was a little different, so be courageous and discover new favorites!The prices are reasonable, considering the quality you are getting.  However, if you are not used to reaching in your pocket every once in awhile for good gelato, then this place is not for you.  I would rather visit La Scala Creamery over The Gelato Spot any day.  If you were to compare the two, I would say the the former is much better and the prices about the same.Your furry friend will also find a little treat in this hidden treasure.  Already prepared in a little ounce cup to satisfy any companion!  But, I leave the taste testing of those up to them!If you hang around a little, you should ask the owner about her fermented green tea.  It is a marvelous drink that will leave you wondering, "what the heck is in that?"  A little mix of ying and yang.  Alas, she would not give away all her secrets, but it is for sale here also.  If you can get over the extravagant $5 sticker price, it is a treat that makes you wish the bottle it was in was much larger.  This is a must see for yourself for all foodies.  You will not be disappointed and perhaps at some point you will catch me there, eating one of my favorites, and enjoying our beautiful weather.
5	I LOVE LA SCALA! It's food for your body, mind, and soul.  The gelato is out of this world...my favorite being the chocolate pistachio.  But this is only the beginning.   The shop is offering the best of the best in products that align with their philosophy of FOOD BEING MEDICINE.  There is rare and beautiful salts with essential trace minerals, kombucha tea with the probiotics and digestive enzymes to rebuild the intestine and the warm, family environment that is good for your mental state! I wish I lived closer to come everyday.  It is truly a GEM of a place.  Meet the people who make it happen and they will share with you all the benefits of their ingredients and products.  They will also share with you their loving smiles and generosity!
2	Totally unimpressed.  The gelato here was more like icy frozen yogurt. Not creamy enough, and lousy flavor. Workers appeared to be very disorganized, and not able to be sure who had which responsibilities. Because of the location, this place should be an absolute "goldmine"  but it is really just.......meh
5	We are addicted.  It's the first place we stop every time we drive into Fountain Hills.  The gelato is so smooth, so creamy and the fact that it's made organically is an added bonus.  My favorite is the Live Kefir - less sweet than most but simply delicious.  The owner Zomore will chat with you if she is there and explain how much she cares about the nutritional content of everything she makes.   It's definitely worth the detour if you are in the Phoenix area and besides, Fountain Hills is a neat city anyway - go check out the Great Fountain!
2	Are there no reasonably priced frozen treats to be had in Fountain Hills? La Scala Creamery is not bad but I do not wish to pay $5.00+ for a large scoop of "not bad"! -You get what you PAY for-you say?  I can drive to Sweet Republic and get twice as much dessert for the same price. Lower your prices and maybe I will come back!
4	Best gelato in the world? Maybe not but it was my first gelato ever. Me and my fiance took a little day trip to the fountain hills park and found this place via yelp. It's a little expensive but ohhhhh sooooooooooo good! Definitley give it a shot and check out the relaxing back patio with a great view of the lake, the park, and of course the incredible fountain that runs for 15 minutes at the top of each hour.
4	Simply delicious gelato. Great unique flavors. I had a scoop of Caramel and of Chocolate which was a fantastic combo. On my next visit I'll be getting the Almond Joy!  The shop also offers a great selection of teas. Wish I could visit more often.
5	Delicious! We love to get the fat free gelato here and walk the fountain.
5	If your looking for upscale high quality gelato made with great ingredients than I HIGHLY recommend this place!  They have tons of traditional and non-traditional flavors.  The two that my wife and I landed on were the traditional chocolate and the kefir!  We were both super impressed that they made their kefir in house and that they had gelato which contained live kefir cultures!We were also surprised to see that this place carried gelato for dogs and cats...  That caught our eye.They also sold nice blends of teas, cultured teas, and press coffee.  On the sides of the shop they also sold bee pollen, tea blends and avocado soap bars.  The owner was kind enough to arrange a taste testing of their very fine goat milk, cows milk and homemade kefir smoothie.    (This was the main reason we came to the shop.)  At the same time we got to learn about the A2A2/grass fed milk that they sold, of which we ended up buying a gallon.The inside was classy and clean with awesome views of the Fountain Hills fountain; which goes off every hour, on the hour for 15 minutes.Two quick things to think about:  Bring cash unless you plan on paying an extra 50 cent surcharge to use your card.  Contact the owner via email ahead of time if you want to talk to her about setting up some taste testing for their fantastic A2A2/grass fed raw milk.
4	Went here when I was in Arizona visiting friends and enjoyed.  They use all organic, natural ingredients, and the owner came out to chat with us for quite a bit.I sampled the young coconut, white peach, passionfruit, chocolate cherry, birthday cake and a couple of others and ended up with a mix of birthday cake and chocolate cherry.The prices are a little high for what you get, but you are paying for quality ingredients and I'm sure you won't find any high fructose corn syrup here!  They also have some of their products from their farm, Chubby Cheeks Farms, for sale here.  I really wanted to buy some raw honey but it was over the 3 ounces the stupid TSA allows.
2	I love gelato so I made the mistake of ordering before tasting. I got the strawberry shortcake and it was gritty, didn't have flavor, I didn't like it at all. My kids got the M&M which was ok, chocolate chip, again just ok, and the chocolate rasberry which was the best of what we ordered but nothing compared to FROST A Gelato Shop in Gilbert that place is the best. This place lacks smoothness and flavor. I was disappointed and the girl who served us lacked customer service and a simple smile. She didn't help the experience at all.I paid $17.54 total for 4 of the smallest size cups. I wasn't charged a surcharge for using my card like another review indicated. My advice, try before you buy to make sure you like it. There are big variations in the quality and flavor of gelato from place to place and this is the worst I've had so far.
5	Avocado and lime oil! Yum!! Gelato yum!! Chocolate, pistachio, and amaretto!! Great service! Too bad its far from home! Great place to take visiting out of town people to while they watch the fountain go off!
