2	I am a simple girl. I don't ask for very much in life....well, maybe with the exception of a date with Miami Dolphin's player Jason Taylor, but other than that, everything else should be pretty attainable. So with that said,  I would call myself a pretty loyal Best Buy customer until today. I recently placed a special order because they had the best price for my items that I needed. I received a call within 4 days saying that it had arrived and I could pick them up at anytime. I came in the next day to pick up my goodies and wouldn't you know......the bastards lost my order after calling me to say they had it!! As everyone's favorite cocaine addict Whitney Houston would say "Ahh Hell to the Naw"!!How do you call a customer to say that you have their order and once they arrive say it is no where to be found!! Unbelievable!! I mean come on....is The Cosby Show Season 4 DVD and Expose's Greatest Hits to much to ask for??!! (Yes...you all can laugh now cause I have dated myself....and sorry Diana, you were the one that gave me the original and I have felt a void in my CD collection ever since I misplaced it, so I guess people can laugh at you too!!) It's really not that hard...I was so disappointed with the customer service. Won't be back or placing any special orders anytime soon!!+1 star for giving me some sort of comfort in my upset state. Beverly Hills 90210 Season 1 was on sale....I guess I could settle with that for a while....and yes...you can laugh once again!!
2	2nd visit to this best buy ( closest to my lv pad ) ... i was pleased with the customer service ( psot-christmas so the place ain't to busy ) ..several employees offered assistance and smooth, easy, pleasant service at the return counter.  my beef, if an item is not on sale ...it ain't cheap !! cd's, dvd's. games...i have a feeling walmart's got them beat... my other beef ...not really best-buy's fault but too bad ....the shopping center has no traffic lights going into the center so it's a pain in the ass leaving the center - especially in the late afternoon ...this is going to be a huge problem soon when all the stores open ( it's a damn big shopping center )
2	Went into this Best Buy to get my laptop charger replaced since after 2 years, it shorted out and died. Went straight up the Geek Squad area where I explained my situation, and gave him my paperwork since I had insurance on the laptop and hoped that the insurance would cover the charger. It did, but here is the catch - it takes 1-2 weeks to ship. Are you freaking kidding me!? You would think this is something they would stock as you know, it's pretty integral to me using my computer. It is shipping straight to my house and at no charge, but wow would that be a wait. Otherwise, I could have paid $80-130 on a universal power adapter. Cheese and rice. The customer service was great, the guy I spoke to was nice and got through my transaction quickly, but I really hate dealing with Best Buy in general and having to wait up to 2 weeks for a part on my computer is ridiculous. Boo Geek Squad, boo.
1	Situation: Needed a Camera Battery... for a Lumix DMC-FX07.Price: $50.00 (Gulp! Choke, choke.. Heart Attack! Call the Paramedics!)Rating: 1 Star.Comment: Must be the Designer-Battery made by Gucci... and of Gold. The Pics can wait!
3	When I go to Best Buy, I usually know what I'm looking for.  So I have no beef with the prices.  Also, since I do all tech support myself, I don't have a beef with the Geek Squad or warranty either.Now, this particular Best Buy is my least favorite in town because it's old and not as clean as the others, which is the reason for my 3 Stars.  The employees here are satisfactory, but not great.  The store serves it's purpose for my needs, which is to satisfy my fix for electronics immediately.  I normally buy electronics & computer equipment online because it's cheaper for the same products.....however, every once in a while I'll need to have my fix and if I'm not in the mood to drive to Fry's I'll stop by here.My last visit, which was yesterday....my son was shopping for his 1st cell phone.  We went to take a look at various models from different companies.  One great thing about Best Buy is that they have all of the major cell companies under one roof so we don't have to drive all over Blazed Egypt to browse.  After screwing around the cell phone area we wandered over to the Xbox 360 aisles......yeah, I got Fuschnickened by my son into "taking a look" at some games......$100 bucks later I had to explain to wifey why we were coming home with video games after a cell phone expedition.  Plus, we ended up at Game Stop after this Best Buy trip.Will I return?  The next time I start shaking and need a new gadget....possibly.
5	I just have to say that one of the employees of this store was very helpful. I forgot her name. She really did more than a hundred percent to really help me with my questions. I am sure that her fellow co-workers are the same when it comes to treating their customers. So I highly recommend this Best Buy store. For sure, any business establishments definitely should have the best customer service no matter what kind of services or products they sell, and this store, exemplified by this employee, definitely is up there, so I give them the highest rating: five stars.
4	me and my boyfriend were on a mission to buy an external hard drive for my macbook. so he went online and compared with other companies, and we came to the conclusion that best buy had the better deal for a 1 terabyte drive. so we decided to go to the actual best buy. when we got there, all the workers were bubbly and asked if we needed anything, that they were there to help. cool. because its so inconvenient when you have a question at that very moment and no associate is there to help out.  we got to the section for hard drives, an associate was there to help. my boyfriend saw a model online seagate brand, 1 terabyte, for $80 and they weren't carrying any models that we saw online. one missing star. they had models starting at 130. So we settled with a different one. its frustrating when there's limited selection from their full online catalog. understandable. but we dont want to end up having to order onine and pay for shipping. the great customer service alleviated the frustration.
3	I go to this location a lot because it is very close to my home.  Every time I have been, the staff is quick to assist and very well versed with the inventory.  Best Buy has always been my favorite when it comes to electronics and gadgets.
5	Came here after i asked audio express about installing a car stereo in my lexus.Their installers at audio express said they would charge me 150$ on top of the overpriced head unit to wire it in to my lexus, because it is a complicated car with in line amplifiers.........AND THEY SAID THERE WAS NO WAY TO MAKE MY FACTORY SUBWOOFER WORK.Went to BEST BUY and 60$ and 20 min later everything worked beautifully, same head unit, half price.Ask for patrick at best buy on rainbow!
5	They were awesome from the moment I walked in the door until I walked out.  My laptop was broken some how and the battery wouldn't go in, the tech helped me immediately fixed it explained how to avoid it happening again and all for no charge :) Not to mention it all took less than 10 minutes!
1	It is a pleasure to know I have had my last trip ever to Best Buy!  Not only do they not have what you want they tell you that with a resentful attitude because I interrupted a jovial conversation between friends and employees.  Sorry... I thought a customer that wanted to spend money took prescidence over you best buds visiting you at work. I have grown accustomed to truly awful service at Best Buy but they generally had what I needed. Now, why bother!My tip for dealing with Best Buy... Go to www.newegg.com and sell the stock BBY short. They won't be around too much longer!
2	Geek squad sucks, no customer service, no order or organization, horrible communication
1	Wost customer service ever.  I came here to purchase a brand new labtop on a wenesday night.  I stood around looking for about 5 minutes before someone asked me if I needed assistance.  After another 15 minutes of waiting the same worker asked if anyone had come over yet.  Finally someone came over.  At this point I figured they had enlisted their top notch elite to come assist me, I was sadly mistaken.  They sent some hourly moron who didn't know anything about labtops.  She just read the description right below it.  I asked to speak to the manager and they directed to some schlub named bill who just said sowwwyyyyy.  Thanks a lot idiots next time I'll go to fry's
4	The staff isn't always the most knowledgeable, but I don't expect them to be experts at retail wages. They're friendly, and generally do their best to help, which is all I can ask for. My male and I stop in here more often then I would like to. They have the best selection electronics, at least unless I want to drive all the way to Frys. Higher end keyboards, mice, headphones, cell phone cases, this is the place to go. The store is clean and pretty easy to get around. I especially love the cell section. They have all the main phones from all the major brands, and a number of prepaids as well to look at, and of course, the huge selection of accessories. The only downfall to Best Buy is the prices. If they could be just a little more competive with online prices, they'd be my main spot for electronics, in stead of that,"Oh crap, my keyboard just died" place.
3	This is my local Best Buy, and what can you say about Best Buy that hasn't already been said?  Absolutely nothing, so I'll shut up now.
4	This is my goto Best Buy.  The only reason I'm making this a 4 is because of Heather at the Best Buy Mobile kiosk.  She provides super customer service.
2	I try not to go to best buy too much because the store has changed and for me difficult to navigate ( I know I sound like an old person)!Anyways I came here to check out the laptops as mine was in the process of dying. There were seriously about 5 staff members standing in front of the store having personal conversations and two patrons, myself included waiting to be helped in the computer section. Greater than 5 minutes time before someone finally acknowledged that we needed help. They sent over a young lady who i'm sure was very nice but she had NO knowledge of computers?!?! I was dumbfounded. Really, thats what you send over and i'm about to drop mad money on a comp!! I was preparing to leave when a nice young man relieved her and assisted me. He is the only reason I will EVER return to that best buy.
4	I am the first to admit I have been behind the times. I decided it was about time to bite the bullet and buy a blu-ray player.I walked into the mecca of electronics feeling a little apprehensive. This store is HUGE. Although there seemed to be signs everywhere pointing to home audio, electronics, appliances, etc., I couldn't find blu-ray players. After wandering around somewhere between refrigerators and home audio, I finally stumbled upon blu-ray players.The selection was great. There were probably 10 different ones to choose from and each had a little description next to it explaining why this one was better than the next. A few were even on sale. I decided on a samsung "smart" player with netflix, youtube, etc. for $88.Next, I was on the lookout for some Disney flicks. I was surprised to find that Disney was it's own catagory in the DVD section but the selection was pretty limited. I knew Peter Pan had just been released but it was nowhere to be found. It wasn't until I was checking out that I stumbled on a randomly placed rack of newly released movies.Here I found Peter Pan and Argo so I was a very happy girl.The cashier was very polite and only asked once if I had a rewards card. I understand It's their job to promote the card and ask if I have one, but it's a pet peeve of mine when cashiers hound you over and over to get a rewards card or credit card. This cashier did none of that so I left in a great mood and will probably revisit the next time I'm in need of electronics. :)
4	I've bought a lot of electronics here. Most of the time, the service is better than average. There will always be those employees that seem like they have less knowledge on the items than you.    I've had great experiences where the employee is wandering around checking in on people and happens to see me looking at video games, asks me what kind I like, my budget, and age rating. Shows me several that he recommends. I bought 3 when I only wanted 1. (Not using pressure tactics). The reason I bought 3? Because I saw how much he loved what he was doing here. He loved electronics, was knowledgeable, andthat makes people buy.     If you can't find what you like or need someone knowledgeable on a particular item, go to the greeter and tell them. Its their job to make you buy.     Also, they don't advertise price matching but they've done it for me several times.
1	Went to purchase a pair of headphones to use while working out.  I had some questions about brands and which ones would better suit my needs.  Unfortunately I did not receive any help from anyone the entire time I was in the store.  Salespeople were everywhere, walking past me, talking in groups, standing around, but not once did ANY of them ask if I needed help or had a question.  In fact, only one of the employees was even nice enough to smile when they walked by.  The shelves were not stocked very well with the product I was interested in, and I ended up giving up and walking out without buying anything.  I purchased my $150 headphones later that day at a competing store, and will not return to this Best Buy.  Stay away!
1	My 'dumb phone' shorted out.....today was the day for an upgrade!!!I headed straight to BB and did a B-line to the cell phones. I grabbed the $59.00 LG840 Tracfone  and waited in line to ask a simple question "Will the sim card for my old Tracfone work in this new one?"  I was next in line, feeling great about my pending purchase, when a tech named Martin broke away from his existing guest to ask if I wanted to get this phone activated or was I just looking to purchase it ??? I replied 'well I have a question...' Martin continued with....' Yeah cause if you just wanted to purchase the phone you can head to the front cashier....but (with an anxious look) if you wanted to get the phone activated, it would take me over an hour for us to activate that phone'. I was absolutely embarrassed. I felt like I didn't belong....Just because I wasn't buying a Galaxy S IIII or an iPhone 5 doesn't mean I don't matter.  Martin missed the opportunity to make a connection with a guest, to up sale to a better phone.....or even sell two. No, all I heard was 'It's not worth my time to help you'. Martin looked at my purchase and immediately cast judgement. Best Buy ran an ad campaign highlighting the ease & simplicity their guest will find in purchasing a phone from them. The ad even mentioned they will set the phone up for you, I've brought 3 phones over the past 2 years from BB.  I drove past 5 locations along Rainbow that sold this same phone, just to Buy from the Best.Thanks Martin, you single-handedly  changed my opinion of an entire brand.
3	Usually have a normal time getting what I need or want from best buy.. But.. The last 3 times I wanted to find a cd, all 3 attempts were failed! Very poor cd section now.. I still like owning the actual cd!
5	The best but truly. They price match and have an awesome rewards program. I've purchase floor models for excellent prices stacked up rewards and was able to purchase a surround sound system and my playstation 3 limited addition with games.Alot of people don't know about there refurbished items online which are decently priced. One thing I've always loved is there warranty options through the store it's awesome. One piece of good advice I've ever received is always spend money on items you can afford to replace immediately. So far I had a XXL Nintendo and iPad I had used the warranty with and there was no hassle and easy replacement.
1	Horrible customer service. I received a Black Galaxy Tab 3 8GB, which is a Best Buy exclusive, as a gift from a work party. Didn't have a receipt but gave them the phone number that was related to the original purchase. When I tried to return it for store credit they refused to do it at this location even after I gave them everything they needed. The employee that was looking up the information for the purchase kept telling me there was no proof of purchase and they probably wouldn't take it because I didn't have the original receipt. He went back to talk with the manager but the story didn't change. I left that store and called another Best Buy in town, gave them the phone number and they found the purchase immediately. They even had a copy of the receipt ready for me when I got in and we had a gift card in five minutes. Don't plan on ever going to this store again
2	Went in yesterday to get my hardware for wifi set up. Per my apartment manager, all I needed was a CAT5 and a router. I'm not a computer expert, so I decided to wait in line for an employee to double check my purchases prior to leaving.This is one of the only times I've had to find and wait for an employees  attention at this chain rather than be asked if I needed assistance while wandering the department. Very unusual. Even walking through other area of the store, I walked past countless employees and was never addressed.Computer dept staff tried to upsell me on a $200 modem/router combo, despite my clear explanation that I literally have a one bedroom unit with less than three devices and don't even need a modem in the first place.Seemed disgruntled when I declined and opted for the $50 wifi router that perfectly met my needs instead.When checking out, staff chatted with one another casually about their "stupid manager" and only addressed me to ask if I wanted to Purchase insurance/warranty and if I had a Rewards Zone card.Unimpressed with the blue shirts for the first time. Won't return to this location.
1	Absolute worst service I have ever had in retail!! Would be zero stars if I could! Went in looking for a router. No body was in the department but two employees were across the isle. Asked for help and they called someone on the radio. 4 mins later one said someone was on the way. A few mins later watched two employees sit down to watch tv!! Walked to customer service explained this to them and went back to the routers. After another 3 mins watched another employee walk over to the two watching tv, laugh, look at me, pulled out his phone and walked away! Immediately after him another employee grabbed his phone and did the same thing!!! I had enough and walked out! As I passed the service desk they tried to stop me and said they will be right there. Ha!!! To late. They get paid to help people find what they are looking for, they failed. My time is worth more to me than this. I will not be back.
1	Best Buy used to be my one stop computer shop for my Dell laptop in the past. Through my experiences with purchasing my old laptop here, I have learned that:(1) Repairs are way too expensive here. I was better off taking it to a 3rd party repair shop! (2) Geek Squad is not as knowledgable as they say they are.(3) It takes way TOO long to fix issues. Once it took almost a month to get my computer back!! In general, this location is constantly understaffed and understocked! Every staff member I ran into was just too busy to assist, which was really unfortunate because I was planning to buy a laptop. When I went to find someone to help me about two computers, they told me the differences and similarities between the 2 (they didn't know much), and then I unfortunately found out that the one that I wanted wasn't in stock even. After that, I went to purchase a game for a 3DS and it wasn't in stock either :( On the bright side, they do offer special services like overpriced warranties, price matching(thank GOD), and a loyalty reward card. Don't get me wrong, I like Best Buy, but there are definitely better locations.
1	No customer service fully staff not one employee greeted you and ask if you needed help.
3	I used to love Best Buy.  This was my place to get CDs on the cheap.  Now CDs are harder to come by with  the popularity of digital music which I have not fully accepted as of yet.  But what little stock Best Buy has now is just sad and disorganized.  They just don't seem to care about organizing or restocking the shelves.  It is so hard to determine if the have what I am looking for because a CD from say Rammstein for example may not be in the R section.  Instead try looking for it in the K's just because.  The apathy does not end there.  Across the store the staff just seems to be going through the motions.  Like they are ask if you need assistance not because they want to help but because it is their job and they get paid to ask.  It is uncomfortable to be in there shopping these days.
1	Best to buy somewhere else!!!With the ability to purchase items online, free shipping and just the simple access to the massive range of products over the internet, you would think places like Best Buy with actual stores would pull up there socks and make people realize it's still ok to go to the store and see products first hand before purchasing! Well not at this store....I purchased a smart tv just recently at another Best Buy and had an poor experience, so naturally id try another store. I was there to grab a laptop, I knew what I wanted. It was a simple walk in, purchase and leave. Nothing crazy, an easy sell for the staff.1) waiting 15 or so minutes for a staff member to even show up (had to ask the geek squad if they sold laptops)2) Being rude and acting like your hassling the staff because you were there purchasing something (if people purchase they have a job, it's simple)3)The security guard in the yellow shirt leaning on his post, guts hanging out with a untucked Tshirt. (FYI this isn't about weight, it's about looking respectable)Everyone knows best buy its on the expensive side, but I guess the excuse is that products are in store and you can go see them before purchase. I'm guessing this is it. I'm done with Best Buy, I'd rather go anywhere elsewhere. As a product it's great, but with staff like this Best Buy will be the next Blockbuster.OverallProduct range: 2-5Cleanliness: 4-5Service: 1-5Coming back: Nope
1	I normally would go to the Summerlin Best Buy but, they were out of Apple lightning USB charger cables so I went to the next closest one which is this store. Worst Best Buy I've ever been to. Workers seem to have absolutely no urgency to help customers. When I went to check out they always ask if you have a Best Buy rewards account, the guy at the register didn't ask so I asked him to please enter my info he said that's a stupid program. I won't be going back to that store ever!
2	This Best Buy is alright. They usually don't have things in stock and I pretty much don't want to go there for a while because I was on hold for about 15 minutes so I entirely gave up.
5	Love the staff and the help. My only place I go to buy my electronics. Keep up the great work
1	Walked in and noticed the guy standing by the door, I cannot tell if he is a greeter or security, either way he did nothing. I picked one of the many staff member standing around doing nothing and asked for help finding an item and the clerk just pointed in the general direction. Of course, the item I was looking for was out of stock, the whole shelf was missing items.  It is no wonder why this place is a sinking ship. The items are overpriced and the staff's lack of good customer service skills are killing them. Barney's is overpriced as well but at least they know how to treat their customers. Long story short I just walked out and went to Walmart, where I was greeted and walked to the item I was looking for.
2	I've bought a couple big ticket items here (a 15-inch macbook and one of those samsung watches, I know how contrary those two items are, dammit!) and every time, it's involved me waiting for a ridiculous amount of time. I mean, as a retail worker myself, I understand the politics behind who has the keys for which display case, how quick the managers are to react, etc., but it's gotten to the point where it's insane. I went in knowing exactly what I wanted, asked the guy at the Samsung kiosk to get me a smart watch, and ended up waiting in front of the display counter for a good thirty minutes for someone to get me it. He called for a manager at least three times over the radio in that time. That's not a very efficient system to be running.There's no commission, which some people might think is a blessing, but I'd rather deal with money hungry sales associates on the floor than ones who don't care about whether or not I leave the store product in hand, just saying.
1	I needed a phone charger urgently.... so naturally I went to Best Buy.  To make a long story short; their staff was too busy on their phones and joking around with each other to help me.  After I couldn't find the charger on my own I decided to interrupt and ask for help.  One of them was "kind" enough to point me to the display I was just at... Then went back to chatting.  No help at all.  My favorite part is when I complained on their Facebook page;  they decided to suggest I purchase online instead on in store.  Um no thanks!
1	Went in looking for a tablet of some kind. I was very interested in the Kindle, but the person had no information on it and couldn't find anyone who could tell us anything about it. He bragged about his knowledge for Samsung tablets so I decided to look at those. He talked about a certain model and how amazing it was, I was sold!This is where it went downhill. We left to look at SD cards and then came back to buy this tablet. The gentleman helping us was nowhere to be found so we found someone else to help us. The model on display that was spoken so highly of is a discontinued model that they didn't even sell anymore!! So the new guy we were talking to brought over a lady that talked us into the newer model. Reluctantly I agreed, but again their store doesn't carry the new model either.I am frustrated with original lack of knowledge as to the original product I wanted. I am more frustrated with being so excited about a product that isn't even being sold anymore, but is on display and was being talked about by an employee. They attempted to up-sell twice, but failed. The only positive thing I have to say is although the first gentlemen had no knowledge of kindles and tried to sell me a product that has been discontinued, he was very friendly and had a great attitude. I wish the same could be said for the last two people that helped us. The lady was cold, rude, and seemed genuinely annoyed about helping us. And the other guy was extremely unprofessional and not knowledgeable at all. Money is not a concern here so unfortunately this store lost out on a sale and any further sales.
1	I used to LOVE Best Buy when I lived in California. But this one is terrible!You would think that since its a big-box, chain store, they'd all be run generally the same way. Apparently not.I have gone into this store several times, and it seems like lately, THERE ARE NO BEST BUY CLERKS IN THE STORE, but if you want some one from Solar City (Solar panels) or Direct TV (cable), trying to sell their wares, they're all over the store, and are constantly harassing you to buy solar or cable. Oh, and these people really don't know what's in the store, much less where it's at. They're more interested in selling solar or cable. .......AND I'M IN THERE LOOKING FOR ELECTRONICS OR COMPUTER COMPONENTS, BUT THERE AREN'T ANY BEST BUY CLERKS TO HELP ME. I'm not interested in solar panels-- I don't own my own house to put them on, and I'm sure that not the entire population of Las Vegas owns, either. And I'm good on cable providers, too. CAN I GET SOMEONE TO HELP ME WITH MODEMS AND ROUTERS, PLEASE???The employees of Best Buy (at least in this particular store) need to take ownership, learn how to service customers, and take their store back, or BB Corporate needs to close this store's doors.I think I'm going to start going to Fry's.
4	I visited this location to buy a B-day gift for my boyfriend. I was looking into a Go-Pro but wasn't sure which model to purchase. One of the sales rep helped me and was very knowledgeable with the product which made it easier for me to decide which one to go with. I'm glad I bought the right one because my boyfriend was a happy camper with the GoPro HERO4 Black. I bought the suction mount for the car and we sure had fun cruising around town with this GoPro!
1	Terrible store and worse management. I came in to figure out what was wrong with my ear phones. I had a warranty. I asked some questions and got nothing. 45 minutes later I was exchanging my earphones. I got treated like I was lucky to be getting helped. Everyone was argumentative. Talked to me about change of policies and other excuses. They were Very unprofessional not even a thank you when I purchased new earphones. If it wasnt for the warranty I would never shop thier again.
1	I just had a completely horrible experience with their staff. Sometimes I wonder how some people get hired there with absolutely no knowledge of their job functions.   I went in to trade in an older ipad and purchase a new one.  Only one person was working the customer service line with multiple people waiting.  Finally, other clerks came to help.  The woman that was to help my party had absolutely no clue how to do a trade in.  She had to ask another associate what site to go to to find trade in values.  The crazy part about the answer was, it was bestbuy.com.  She continued to need help from the other associate, but neither seemed to be able to accomplish the task.  They said they had to restore the item to factory settings and we logged into it for them and they just kept having problems and saying it was taking awhile, but normally didn't take this long.  We were finally told that we should just take it home and restore it to factory settings ourselves and then come back to continue the transaction.  I can assure that won't happen.  I live nowhere near a best buy and that was a long drive.  The associates were clueless and their solution to the situation was rude.  It made it wven worse that the same customer that was being helped when we first got in line was still being assisted and she had been told to leave.  I guess you are only told to leave when they don't know how to work the electronics at the store that sells them.  I'll make sure I purchase my new ipad elsewhere as well.
5	EXPERIENCE!  Ivan Z from the home theater department was the nicest and most energetic and talkative representative there. He had me sold on my home theater system and we even exchanged information for future purchases.  Comparing the prices after I had bought my system,  it was slightly cheaper than competetors.  Customer service was amazing, and I love my system!  Next my 70 inch t.v and ps4!
1	In my opinion Best Buy does not care about people in wheelchairs. Sorry I cannot shop there anymore. I been treated like dirt.
1	Went in to ask a simple question on their return policy and the young man at the return counter was a smart ass and rude!!!! Manager was young said he'd take care of it, I doubt it so I'm writing s review! Not my favorite store to spend my money in Amazon beets Best Buy in Best of the West shopping center in Las Vegas horrible service
1	This is regarding my Black Friday experience. Best Buy had been advertising a 50" TV for $199 online and in print for weeks leading up to Black Friday. I showed up with my friend to wait in line 5 hours before the doors open. We were number 10 in line. After waiting FIVE hours employees came out and started handing out entry tickets. We asked several if we would get one of the TVs and they all said "yes" because we were so close to the front door.By the time opening time came at 5pm the line was around the entire building. We start filing in like cattle and would you believe they only had 3 TV sets!!!! The line of people almost rioted and people started throwing things at the store. Not to mention that approximately 100 drove up and cut in line in front of everyone.Apparently Best Buy thinks it's funny to con their customers into waiting for 5 hours in line for advertised products that they don't even have in stock.I ended up buying three TVs at Walmart for $30 more each. So Walmart got my business. I will NEVER step foot in Best Buy again. I have better things to do with 5 hours of my life than stand in line and get laughed at by a bunch of over weight computer nerd employees who think it's funny to screw with customers.
4	Those who like shopping at Best Buy won't have any issues here.  The employees are helpful without being pushy.  There is a lot of parking so it's just a matter of how close you'll be to the store.  The men's restroom was clean.  There are other stores but plan to do quite a bit of walking if you want to visit a lot of them.
1	Horrible customer service. Had to talk to 3 different employees to locate a portable iPhone charger. Not because the employees didn't know the answer, but because no one was willing to help. Just short answers and "it's over there" type of responses.
