4	Great tasting amazing portions for the little price you pay they have a scale on 1-10 on spiceyness and the pad see ew is on point one of my favorites in town now !
5	The food is amazing! The Tom yum Shrimp and Rom Yum chicken are very flavorful. Shrimp Drunken noodles are the best I had. You have to try the pineapple fried rice and Mongolian beef. We went here for Mother's Day and we had the whole restaurant to ourselves. Mostly people take-out food from here. The customer service was awesome. Our waitress was super friendly and we felt so comfortable. We love coming here.
5	Been coming here since they opened. Under new management for some time now, but the quality of the food never falters. The decor makes the place look kind of dirty (even though its not, its impeccable!) but the food and the service is wonderful! Pad Thai is to die for.
5	We came to this restaurant on Father's Day and this restaurant will become a family tradition for us. The Yellow Curry was the best my sister-in-law has ever had and the soups are just great here. It is definitely a place to come to. Great staff and cooks!
5	MK Thai is a hidden gem on the northeast side of town. It has some of the best Thai food I've eaten. The lunch special is reasonably priced at $6.95--you get a different soup each time, two spring rolls and an entree with rice. My go-to favorite is the yellow curry. It's delicious and has just the right ratio of vegetables to chicken.
5	Great Restaurant for curry and all other thai foods.Green curry is the best with spring rolls.Great service and reasonable prices.Highly reccomended
5	This is the best thai place. It's a hole in the wall with great food and customer service. I've been to and I am always trying out different thai restaurants. The service here is amazing. It is definitely worth the 20 minute drive. The only menu items I've tried are the red curry, green curry, and spring rolls but they are all amazing.
5	This is one time I'm glad I listened to Yelpers. The food is amazing and seasoned well. Definitely hit the palate in all the right areas. The server was warm, and friendly. Go!
5	Simple but Great food. Had spicy basil and chicken cashew. Beef salad. Will be back. Very reasonable pricing. Great service.
5	Delicious food, affordable, as well. Outstanding service, loved our waitress! Exceptional restaurant, def a hidden gem.
5	Eggplant and tofu was excellent Fresh rolls lots of lettuce was greatEnjoyed all off our choices
5	I was on the east side for work and I came across this place. Absolutely amazing. I got their chicken pad thai, my favorite thai cuisine. I'm not on the east side very often, but whenever I am, I will definitely go back. The food was amazing. Service was very fast. Very clean and quiet as well.
4	I love ordering food from here! I always order their panang curry which is delicious and ther crab ragoons (they are huge). But I ordered green tea ice cream and they gave me coconut ice cream, hopefully this doesn't happen again but I was still satisfied.
5	Yelp needs a 10 star option for this place. I LOVE MIKKI!! Every time we come she is wonderful! The food is amazing.  The Kai Pik Pao, spring rolls and a Thai iced tea is my usual and I have never been disappointed.
