4	Best Blues and "American Roots" venue in Phoenix ... small and extreamly low stage ... place can pack up depending upon the act ...
4	I've been reluctantly been dragged to the Rhythm Room a number of times and have never regretted it.  I hate paying covers, so the beginning of the night usually involves me bitching about the five bucks I have to shell out.  Once inside though, there's nothing quite like RR.  It's got freaks on the dance floor, a good crowd that's usually pumped to listen to some good tunes, cheap drinks and fast bartenders.  I'm usually reluctant to go some place when I don't know the band and I'm sure others are as well, so lemme address that: I've been to RR seven or so times since moving here and have never been let down.  They book great, bluesy-soul acts that I always enjoy. Far and away the best bands I've seen in Phoenix.So quit whining about cover charges, go to the Rhythm Room and shake what your momma gave you.
4	The Rhythm Room is hands-down one of my favorite places to see music in Phoenix. Along with the Clubhouse, they are picking up the slack that the Mason Jar has left behind . . . I've seen a few great shows here, and all were unexpected. Tickets are affordable and you can get up close and personal with the way the stage is set up. There are a few bars throughout, both inside and outside, making it easy to catch a breath of fresh air during one of your lesser favorite tunes to grab a beer or a cocktail. They went on a run here in Sep/Oct where they were bringing solid acts what seemed like every week but I haven't heard much from them lately that caught my attention. Not touring season, I suppose. Keep your eyes peeled though, as Rhythm Room has asserted itself as one of the premier spots to catch a show in town.
4	Finally had my first Rhythm Room experience last night which is incredible because I moved within walking distance of it 5 months ago. I took full advantage of such for the VHS or Beta/Walter Meego show by getting my pre-party on at my place, walking over, and going through a small kaleidescope of drinks there to gauge their prices and quality.G&T's were 4 dollars, small, and not that alcoholic or tasty. Pretty disappointing for a hole in the wall bar on a Tuesday night. Next I went to Stella which was 4.50, also disappointing. Next, I struck paydirt when I got a can of PBR which was on special for 1.50. 1.50! There was a huge sign too! How did I miss that! I made sure to atone for my mistake by drinking as many as possible during the VHS or Beta performance.The venue itself is not incredibly moving, but serviceable. Just a rectangular, closed off brick building painted black on the inside with no decorations other then some blue tube lighting around the bar and some broken down ceiling fans. I'm fine with a broken down old music venue for a show, but this place doesn't seem like it was ever much. I think they could do a little something to give it more character. Also disappointing was the HUGE smoking patio which has no view of the inside and you can't bring a drink out. Why is this happening at places like here and the Lost Leaf?But overall I still had a great time at the show and was very appreciative of the 1.50 PBR special. Plenty of bar stools around the place (where you can still have a great view of the stage) to sit during open acts and breaks is also a huge plus. 3.5 stars.
4	I love how there is an option to pick Valet, for Parking. LOL. The Rhythm Room doesn't have valet parking. It's not in Scottsdale!. Valet Parking annoys me, but that is for another forum. So the Rhythm Room is.... the Rhythm Room. I wouldn't say it will blow you away with decor, layout, or drinks. It's an eclectic mix of young and old, and is what you expect from a blues club, all about the music. That really sums up what this club is about, you go there for good Blues and Rock music, and that's it. I recommend it to all those that like raw clubs, with character. I personally like places you walk into, and wonder "should I be in here?" Those are the best experiences by far. You walk into a Scottsdale bar, and wonder "should I be here?" People will let you know if you don't fit in. At the  Rhythm Room, all are welcome, bring us your tired, your poor, your weak. You aren't judged there...you just go to jam.
4	The cool thing about they Rhythm Room is the variety of people there.Almost every time I go, there's a girl on the dance floor...on roller skates!  Then there will be a few punk-types, rockabilly, country, of all ages.  That's the kind of place I like.Also, if you get hungry, there's a guy out back in a trailer selling pork sandwiches.  Not the greatest, but perfect after a night of live music
3	The Rhythm Room is a very Phoenix type of place... from a time when Phoenix was desperately trying to become the next Los Angeles - early 1990s - and failing at it. It's a big box in the middle of a crappy parking lot in a borderline crappy neighborhood. I went there tonight to see The Section Quartet - they were covering an entire Radiohead album using only string instruments.It was good, but I was falling asleep in there with the stale air and dreamy music. The sound has always been pretty good at this place which is perhaps one of the saving graces. The last time I was here they allowed smoking inside. I'd say it an improvement. They have fans on the ceiling, but they don't run them. Air doesn't circulate and since there's no smoke anymore to cover up the smells, every 5 minutes you have to endure someones nasty ass gas. Yes, people at the Rhythm Room are farters. Perhaps because they are so full of hot air? The Room draws a bit of an artsy (yet very diverse) crowd.Apart from the lack of oxygen and the dungeon-like darkness with no windows and the boxy prison-like 4 walls and the cheap uncomfortable seating - this place is pretty charming. I kinda like seeing shows here... I don't love it, mind you - but it's a good little venue for certain types of music. They're pretty good about getting you drinks and most of the staff is pretty friendly.
5	I'm pretty particular about 'where' i see shows.  A crappy venue can kill a good artist and put up a good fight against a great one.Fortunately, The Rhythm Room needn't worry about quashing the entertainment value of one of their nationally touring acts.  And the RR really does get some of the best independent acts on tour.  For artists worthy of smallish venues, this place should be as legendary as the Whiskey in Hollywood, but unfortunately, its located on, like the kiddie ride portion of Los Angeles, central Phoenix.For a venue, they have really smokin deals on alcohol, like PBR for $2.50.  Considering that you couldn't get that deal ANYWHERE playing live music, i consider it a humongous bargain.  They have a smoking patio that you can still hear the music during those 5 mins, and the venue is easy to get in and out of.It DOES tend to get crowded once the main act is on, especially near the bar, but I've never waited more than a couple of minutes for a drink and i can always find a good view of the stage.When acts like Bob Schneider come around, the place is ROWDY.  Indie acts like VHS or Beta and Midlake are near priceless to see in such a small joint.and sometimes shows that pique too much interest will be moved to their big cousin Marquee.
5	Oh Rhythm Room, how I adore thee!I have seen some of the greatest Blues legends play here and have never been disappointed.   Whenever The Rhythm Room All-stars play, I definitely try to make it.  They are rockin'.  I dig the dancing, the bbq (mmmmmm)  and I enjoy when the f*ck the police guy is roller skating on the dance floor!I do recommend getting there early if you want a table and a chair.  For bands I really want to see I get there before they open, get in line, get a table, then someone in my party goes to grab us some bbq and we start drinking and eating and waiting for the music to start!  I always have a great time here!  And now that you can't smoke it's even better!
4	Still Dark. Still Swank. Still Small. MY RECENT EXPERIENCE:Rhythm Room is a great place to catch live music. Don't let the location fool you. This venue brings in a wide mix of acts, including Rogue Wave, which I happily saw here last night. What a great show! The parking lot was cramped, but we managed to find a spot (luckily). I don't recommend coming in the middle, between the opener and the headliner, unless you have good luck, which we did. 1. We found one of the last parking spots.2. We easily got in, though the placed seemed packed to capacity.3. We found a great place to stand, with a full view of the stage.4. Two seats opened up for us, so we got to sit down for most of the show! I was disappointed to see RR no longer carries Alaskan Amber - not even on tap, which they once did. They do now offer Kiltlifter and 8th St. Ale on tap, though, which is cool. There's also 2 Hefs to pick from, along with Guinness, of course. But, let me be frank: The Guinness I ordered didn't taste like Guinness, not even the most flat tap Guinness I've had. My friend concurred that her Blue Moon didn't taste like the Hef she loves. Bummer. For $9.50 for two plastic cups, we decided one beer apiece was enough.That's another thing... Plastic cups? Why not recycle? Geez. RR is also a great place to learn about future shows - there and around town. Fliers are posted up all over the front entryway and there's a table near the door just covered in announcements. Plus, here you'll find your staple local rags - New Times, Get Out and Java. RR definitely deserves 4 stars. They could still work to improve their acoustics and the stability of the stage. Poor Rogue Wave. They joked that they just experienced a small earthquake. "Did you feel that? The stage just moved!" (I got that on video!) ***FIRST IMPRESSIONS:Dark. Swank. Small. This place is a treasure chest of fun. From beer on tap to mixed drinks, have your pick of the bar. Grab a table or saddle up to bar - just be sure you call dibs on your seat before the rush hits. This place gets hoppin' during certain events. I've been here to see Chris Durante, Louisiana Red and Maritime -- all very unique acts. Each time I've gone, the place is happenin'. Don't worry about your hair, your jeans or your first impressions. Save that for Scottsdale. This is a place you go not to be seen but to hear true, genuine, blow-you-away music... all without paying a hefty price. Ticket prices range from $8 to $18. It's worth it. So why not 5 stars? The acoustics. They could be so much better. No, it's not the noise and the volume that bothers me. It's the inability to hear the vocals when the band is jammin' out. So, for slower sets, I definitely recommend this place. However, you wouldn't want to see My Chemical Romance on stage at this venue. Of course, would you want to see those guys on stage at any venue? Ah, I digress...
4	I'm still slowly trying to get know Phoenix and I'm happy I found this place.  Typical dark dingy music venue. Well, couldn't really tell if it was dingy because it was so dark. I like it that way. I can sit in my little dark cocoon and let the music wash over me. I'm sure if the lights were on I would see all the crusty layers caking the walls, but who wants to see that?Went to see Grand Ole Party. Great show! They were the opening band for some other band, but didn't stick around that long because they weren't my thing. My sister and I got some great seats. Never seen so much seating in all my life. (in this kind of venue) Perfect for lazy people like me. The little pen made out of road construction fencing where they corralled all the teeny boppers was a little funny. I don't think I've ever seen that kind of setup. Those kids must have cooties.
4	I saw a band named "Captured by Robots" play here a couple years ago. It was a fantastic and terrifying show at the same time. The crowd here is all over the place - the band seems to determine the crowds sanity level. Highly recommended if there is a band playing here that you want to see.Without the music this is just another dive bar - with the music, it is perfect.
3	Yes, it is a run down, dark and stale room but they host some killer music.  Plus, if I refused to hear like music in old dark venues I would have missed some amazing music in L.A., Chicago, NYC and even here in KC. I care about the music, so this place did it for me...great night.  I will check out who is playing the next time I am in town.
5	I have yet to find a better blues, jump blues, swing, etc... venue in Phoenix.So, on the Phoenix scale of music venues it gets 5 stars.Yes, it's a dive. Which is a good thing.  No pretentious personalities at the Rhythm Room. Cheep beer, a decent dance floor, decent sound and great music are all that really matter.  Rhythm Room has them all.  It kinda reminds me of the Foothill (R.I.P.) in Long Beach, CA. And that's a good thing. I miss the Foothill dearly.Also, what is possibly the best show (Mates of State), out of hundreds I've ever seen in many cities across the U.S.,  was at the Rhythm Room.
4	The Rhythm Room is a great place for musicians to play. It is dark, but not musty. The music that comes through the speakers is incredible. The only part that I found strange was that you had to stay in the bar area to drink. You could not bring the alcoholic drinks to your table and chair. I guess it must be whoever is performing, if they make it an all ages show, then the bar has to follow certain rules. If you have not been to the Rhythm Room I highly suggest it. I found the staff to be very nice. There is also plenty of parking in their parking lot. Other artists that are going to be playing there in the up coming months are, Ernie Halter, Brendan James, with a special guest on September 2nd.
4	I went to the Rhythm Room this past week to see a band that I have been waiting 14 years to see.  I was so relieved and impressed when I saw the sound guy taking his time to get the levels just right and listening from every corner of the room to be sure everyone was hearing the band at its best.  The servers and bartenders were nice and attentive even though there was a pretty large crowd.  The only thing that bugged me was the totally drunk guy wandering around yelling complete nonsense while the band played.  The bartenders clearly serve until you are a blubbering idiot.  I guess to some people this would get them another star, not take one away.
5	This place has a great little vibe and fantastic music. I have to admit, I'm not very hip when it comes to the Blues but I definitely enjoy listening to it when given the chance. It was a nice change to look into the crowd and see 21-year-old college students, to middle age moms, to retired couples all getting down and dancing. You rarely see such an eclectic mix of people, from every color of the rainbow, and all ages, just enjoying the music. The few times I've been there have been quite an experience, and I always leave very happy to have found a place like this in Phoenix. The drinks are super cheap, the sound is good, and the music is wonderful!
4	My first visit to the Rhythm Room was about a month ago, (yes, I'm just getting around to reviewing it), and I was pretty pleased. This particular night and particular show didn't garner a huge turnout, but it was decent for a Tuesday show that had a line-up of singer-songwriters (not your typically bluesy feel, but great nevertheless). We had to wait outside until the doors opened, and there was a fairly small line that had already formed when we got there. It was an all-ages show, so the bouncer gave out wrist-bands to the over-21 crowd.  And, like other smaller venues that have all-ages shows, the room was divided up for the over-21 drinkers and the under-age-wish-the-could-drink crowd.  I hate that set-up, but whatever.The staff was really nice, and the cocktail waitresses were cool. The drinks were pretty weak, but it is probably in the attempt to get you to buy more. The sound system on this particular night was kind of touchy, but the performer worked his way around it.Overall, pretty nice venue, and I'll definitely go back to check out their other musical offerings.
4	My first and only visit thus far was many, many moons ago as part of a large meetup group.  Many of us started to gather outside around 7p.  I arrived a little earlier since I planned on trying some BBQ at the stand located outside the venue.  The meat sampler I had was tasty, and it was easier to turn down the cornbread since it looked rather dry.  Instead, I said hello to a beautiful slice of peach cobbler :D  While I cannot eat raw peaches anymore (a pity really, since I only started eating fresh, not canned, peaches around 2 or 3 years ago and LOVE them!), I've found that cooked peaches are safer for me, which I am thankful for.  I recall thinking that the cobbler was good.  Musicians started to set up around 8, and the first band began playing at 9p.  I enjoyed the many bands that performed that night.  The acoustics of the room was very good considering the venue's history.  I did notice that the crowd here was an amalgam of various age groups, and everyone did seem to be having a lot of fun.  One downside I found was how busy the bar was, esp. since all I wanted was ice water.  Perhaps someone should install a bottled water vending machine.
4	What can I say about this place, but it has the BEST blues bands in Phoenix.  Friday or Saturday nights are the best nights to go. Great service from the waitresses good music and the people who go there are so down to earth fun. Dancin' dancin' dancin'...all night long!!! A plus if you get to catch BIG PETE PIERSON; great blues singer.  This place is a must.
4	I had almost forgot about the Rhythm Room, and then in the space of two weeks I have been twice. I saw Tim Reynolds (best known for his work with Dave Matthew's Live at Luther College) and the witty and wiry electronica band from the UK Fujiya & Miyagi. Neither of these bands would be considered Blues, but this gives you an appreciation for the diverse talent the Rhythm Room brings in. Their sound system is great, the drinks are strong and the staff is friendly. The only improvement this place needs is a Marquee sign to remind us of all the great shows happening on a nightly basis.
5	The Rhythm Room was the first blues bar I visited when I moved here to Arizona. I randomly showed up for their fall music festival.  I saw so many great local acts that I had no idea existed! And It was my first introduction to Big Pete Pearson.  That guy puts on a GREAT show and always interacts with the crowd and will talk to any random bar patron who wants to praise his performance or just talk music. The RR is also really good about showcasing newer bands from all over the country of all genres. The drinks are cheap, the bartenders are awesome and always show ample cleavage. The crowd on any given night ranges from the young hipsters to the AARP crowd who still dress up for a night on the town with cocktails and dancing. There is no pretension here.  I love this place and everytime I go, I wonder why I've been away for so long.
4	"The blues don't make you poor, the blues don't bring you down. [The] blues is a thing, you get sad, like when things ain't going right... the blues picks you up. Blues is a pick-up, it's not a let-down."---John Lee Hooker the "blues" have become one of my favorite genres of music, after having visited the "rhythm room" here in phoenix. i had the special privilege of seeing the nephew of the late great johnny lee hooker, who was just stopping in to see the "sisters of the blues" perform. johnny lee hooker passed away a few years ago, and with him went a legacy of sound. a performer whose music sparked the post world war two blues movement, and who also made a foundation for many musicians like santana. santana commented, "when i was a child, he was the first circus i wanted to run away with."when i arrived that night, i was met with a dark and down-home atmosphere, greeted by strangers in zoot suits, dancing grannies, blues vagabonds, and a slew of other diverse but equally interesting faces. of the many faces of night life in phoenix, this was certainly a first. within 20 minutes the musicians were on stage. a five-woman band, a soulful, homely black woman with a deeply passionate cry, a lead guitarist/back-up/lead singer/incredibly talented harmonika player, a drummer, a very spirited bass guitarist, and another lead guitar. i was transported to the deep south, felt the pain and the emotional drama of the music, and could not believe my ears. i had lived decades without experiencing this music first-hand. as the night went on, the music was more charged and alive, and people began to fill the dance floor, as the harmonika went into exceedingly daring levels of sound. after a much needed intermission, they brought a very special guest on stage. archie lee hooker, the nephew of johnny lee hooker. he looked to be in his sixties, sporting a black suit, a wide brim-hat, and a pipe. this man took care of his uncle in the end stage of his life, and we were all honored to receive him here. he blessed us with a song, in which he danced, strutted, and crooned across the stage. although he only did one song, it will remain in my memories forever.long live the blues!though this venue caters to other genres of music, I recommend this place for blues :)
2	Went there this past Saturday for Big Petes new CD release.  Always fun.  Waiting 15 minutes for a drink however is too long.  Older female bartender strategically ignores you unless she is bored.   Door guys were cool.
4	Really not my kind of place. entered in from the rear of the bar and fell in love. The music last night was amazing!!! If you like good bluse music and kind of friendly people.
4	I really think this is my favorite place to see a show.  I haven't actually gone to see the regular house bands but I have been there to see some indie music groups and each time I was completely content with the sound.  Whether you choose to stay in the back by the bar or move in closer to the stage, there isn't a bad spot in the house (except for the bathroom because you can't see the band).  The only thing that is a tad annoying is when a quiet band (Bowerbirds) plays their sweet melodic music, stop talking so loud and give the band some respect and let the people who are there to enjoy the music really enjoy it.  I do understand the need to be chatty since they serve some stiff drinks but if you are there to simply drink, just choose a different night when the music is loud.  I can't thank the Rhythm Room enough for bringing the diversity to their stage!
2	So, clearly the musician's make the night.  Our night was not so hot.   Half of the bad that we caught wasn't worthy of stage time, the other half was.  The horn players were exceptional, the Keyboardist wasn't.  I'll stick to the facility.  The Rhythm Room is a Phoenix, classic on the music scene, or so I'm told.  This was evident when Paul Reed showed up with his horn and just joined the band on stage.  That was cool and made you feel like you were in the right place.  Beyond that, I'm can't really claim that this place is worth the time.  We'll have to try it again to confirm, yet my urge to do so isn't high right now.  The neighborhood is questionable.  The entrance is not obvious, the bar and the service are not inviting.  The music area of the building is excellent.  You sit very close to the band.  The one thing they need to fix within that is two sets of band doors would allow for a much faster setup/teardown between bands.  We waited for an hour between bands.  The Rhythm Room is missing an opportunity here, they need a comedian or something the fill the gap.  Some fresh eyes on how this place is run could really make some simple improvements.  Just because it's a known classic doesn't mean that it can't change for the better.  The one thing they have right is that the sound is good and if they're getting good bands, then it makes for a great night.  The annoyances only become obvious when you have an hour to descern them between bands.The musician's interaction with the crowd before and after shows is really cool.  This makes everyone involved feel like they're in the scene.
4	Love the Rhythm Room! I saw Grand Archives there this week and it is the perfect little venue to see any band. Any seat is a good one. The bar is big so you never have to wait to long to get a cocktail. The only thing I would like is that you could take your drinks out to the patio. With the admission of the 18+ crowd they have to confine the booze to one side and it's not the smoking side. I guess only once vice at a time.
4	I really dig the rhythm room! I went to a concert here on Monday night. it was cute.it was quaint.it was CLEAN.great bartenders, love the option to sit or to stand. the sound guy was a bit off and im pretty sure my ear is still ringing from the high pitched squeel when the microphones got too close to the speaker or something. but hey, it happens i guess. i had a blast at this sweet little spot.
5	Rhythm Room- by far PHX's best venue. It will be no shocker in 2010 when every concert goer in PHX becomes acquainted with Rhythm Room. It's going to pick up the slack for Phoenix's lack of venues...which is good, b/ this place is great. Way better than the clubhouse...21+ can actually see the stage! I'm rooting for you Rsquared.
5	13 to the gallows plays there sometimes, my favorite band. the place is great, cheap drinks and great sound!!
5	awesome! On more than one occasion I found myself coming to this place some acts are quite strange but that's what I go for.  Also cool bartenders and cool vibe throughout matt white once was playing his show shoe-less just real laid back kind of place although the crowd did get a little crazy during some mean theremin playing by a band whose name fails me at the moment...also if you like pabst blue ribbon look no further.
4	I love this place. Great music! If you live in town or are just passing through, RR is a great place to stop in and have a good time.
5	13 to the gallows plays there sometimes, my favorite band. The place is great, cheap drinks and great sound!!  It is the great musicians that make this place what it is. If you get a chance check out the place, and 13 to the gallows of course too, along with some of the other great western swing and country acts that roll through there!
5	I went here years ago when I was young and enjoyed dancing. I always felt sort of exposed the way the seating was. There is that long row of bar stools that makes you feel on display. Now I prefer listening to music rather than dancing to it (except at home where I often break into dance for no reason whatsoever.) So now I say I love you Rhythm Room. You make me feel like Goldilocks except without the long walk in the woods and home burglary part. You are not to hot, not to cold, you are just right. Not to big, not to small, again... you got it right. And I haven't even broken a bar stool yet. Nor have I fallen asleep while at the Rhythm Room. I am done with the young hip scene I use to visit at the Emerald Lounge, before it was turned into a Starbucks. If I go someplace like that now it always seems too loud and my personal space always feels violated. I still feel to young for the lounge act at Scottsdale's blahblahblah so where do I fit in? Where do I fit in? Where can I go for good music and not stand out like a, well, just not stand out. I dislike big crowds and arenas. Small venues are fine if you are not the only audience member and will be missed if you need to get up to pee.  The beer is cold but my friends who prefer a gin and tonic can also be taken care of. The people who work there are nice, no attitude, and are actually very cool. If it gets a little crowded or if you feel like chatting someone up they have a patio. Finally I have found a place where I can blend in and listen to the music I love. Bowerbirds, check. St. Vincent, check. Now, if you could just book Grizzly Bear it would be true love and I would live happily ever after.
4	Lets face it, Phoenix does not have the most amazing music scene in the universe, and with that we get crappy music venues.. although out of the few we have to choose from, Rhythm Room might be my favorite.  Even though its kinda small, they have everything you could ask for in a music venue.. great sound system, decent bathrooms - yeah I said it, really cool bartenders and really great drink specials. I actually just saw a Tweet that called their specials "infamous".. either way, this place is the jam, literally.Three complaints:1. Its hot as balls inside.2. The door girl has the personality of a napkin and is extremely unfriendly.3. You cant take your drinks out to the closed off patio and unless its some zoning law or whatever, thats pretty lame..Aside from that, im a fan! Now if only we could get more bands to stop out here.
4	I tagged along last minute on Tuesday night with some friends to see They Promised Us Jetpacks. It reminded me a lot of Hollywood Alley but I like the Rhythm Room better somehow. Loud but not too loud, crowded but not too crowded and enough character without leaving the floor as sticky as a porn shop. In other words, Goldilocks would feel right at home.
5	Since I just poured through a number of reviews for this establishment, I feel ready to brawl.  Here goes *dukes up*...This is a great... GREAT blues and rock venue.  It's small, it's cramped, it's hot, it's loud, it's junky yet sophisticated, it has alcohol and bathrooms, and it's near a dubious part of town.  Basically, without any one of these components, it might not be worth anything.  Fortunately, it has all the pieces, and is a complete music venue.I feel my opinion has to be worth something because I'm from Music City, USA (Nashville, TN for anyone who cares or didn't know) YEEHAW!  While you're now thinking I'm a hick, I will suggest that living in Nashville brings one close to music and allows one to know where to find it.  This place is grade A.  Phoenix could use more live music, but www.statesidepresents.com has an incredible list of shows to come in 2010 if anyone is interested...  I digress.Rhythm Room is awesome.  Saw some crappy Battle of the Bands here and didn't care for the music, but was in awe of the ambiance.  Cheers, Rhythm Room.
4	Venues in this city just keep disappearing, fortunately the Rhythm Room is there to pick up the slack.  I enjoy this venue quite a bit, the sound is well done and the drinks are priced well.  I enjoy the divider is going down the middle of the room, so both sides can see the stage pretty well.  The parking isn't too bad and the bathrooms are not completely disgusting.My chief complaint is it is usually really hot in there, but at least you can go outside to the patio to take a breather (even in the summer it still feels better).  21+ shows are great there, as I believe you can take your drinks to the patio.
4	I've grown to love the Rhythm Room even though it's a little dive that's always too hot. Seems like there are always acts I'm interested in and not only is it usually pretty cheap to get in, I'm not above drinking the $1.50 cans of PBR. I'll probably end up catching a show here a couple times a month from here on out.
5	If you've ever driven past the Rhythm Room and wondered what it's like, I suggest you park your car next time and go inside. You won't regret it. The Rhythm Room is a great dive hidden in Central Phoenix and home to some of the best Blues Singers in the Southwest. We're no New Orleans but with headliners like the King of Arizona Blues, Big Pete Pearson, you don't have to travel to the South to get your fix of Blues. If you get there early and you're hungry for some true home-style BBQ, check out Rack Shack BBQ just outside the Rhythm Room. The Rhythm Room is a classic venue filled with true charm and culture. It's off the beaten bath which adds to its charm and I guarantee that you'll have a good time any day of the week.
5	What can i say about this spot...I love it, have seen some of the best rockabilly there is! And some kick ass blues along the way. This is defiantly a good date takin place, because the music is always lusty and makes you wanna grind on someone in a slow good not slutty way! and if you are single there are always a boatload of pretty people to look at... this reminds me of going back in time whenever i can go see a good show here...
4	some of my favorite memories are dancing the night away at the rhythm room! great bands, great space, great atmosphere! one of my fave music venues in the valley!
4	Very cool venue for live music, mainly because it's small and you can easily interact with the artists. There's also seating, so if you get there early enough, you can get a seat. The pricing seems like it varies depending on who performs. I got to go for free so no complaints from me. They have a bar in the back and there is plenty of parking. When I was watching rehearsal, it seemed like the artists were having trouble adapting to the sound resonating back onto the stage, but once it went live, they sounded amazing. I saw a smoking area, which I didn't go out to, but I assume is where the patio seating is. I also didn't use the bathroom so I don't know how clean it is. One of my favorite venues from Phoenix, since I haven't found many that I like
4	Rhythm Room is all about the music. Great place to see national acts in an intimate setting on the cheap. Good sound system and perfect views from every place in the room. I think the furthest you can ever be from the stage while in the main room might be 30 feet. I'm not a beer drinker but don't always want to dive into a bottle of Grey Goose, so I like that they have Ace Pear Cider on tap. The bathroom is small but clean. My only complaint is the neighborhood - I'm always afraid I'll get jumped in the parking lot and am really surprised that my car hasn't been broken into there.
1	This place is like the equivalent of The Clubhouse, in Tempe, but in Phoenix. The layout makes no sense, and the character of the building is incredibly, old and out dated. Especially with as many good acts and money they bring in, its time to reinvest your money to renovate/improve. They pull in great acts but almost always the venue pushes me away from seeing them. Not worth it.
3	We stopped in here Saturday night.This place is a great value for your entertainment dollar.Good music, cheap beer and great people watching!
4	Ahhwhat a great place to watch, hear, and feel some live music. The Rhythm Room has an "electric feel" to it! It is a great spot for the blues, some really talented blues acts pass thru here on a regular basis. I would say the best time i had here was a few months back when The AppleSeed Cast played, in it's entirety, Low Level Owl vol. I&II. OMFG what a great intimate space to hear such sprawling ear drum shattering prog rock!My face was melted.The Rhythm Room's layout is a little akward for sure, what with that stomach level pony wall that segregates the crowd, it's such a bitch getting stuck behind that thing. Assumably it's to divide up the 21 on under crowds but i wouldnt know, maybe when it was designed in the early 70's or whenever these sort of 1/4 walls were all the rage, personally i'd just as soon knock it down and open up the space. meh no big.If you are a music fan, and enjoy cheap stiff drinks, i'd say this is one of the many great venues in phx that can provide both in heavy doses.
4	Great blues, great beer, great visiting bands. 'nuff said.
4	I have enjoyed many indie acts at the Rhythm Room like Band of Horses, Grand Archives, Sera Cahoone and will be back to see Ted Leo and the Pharmacists on Oct 4th.This venue caters to the all ages crowd, which is cool if you are not quite 21 yet, the only problem is that the merchandise table is harder to get to since they separate the room with a cattle guard.  But I have always enjoyed myself, who can be in a bad mood when there is great live indie music playing.  The wait for drinks isn't too terribly long if more than one person is working the bar.  Hopefully, through ticket sales, they can better gauge at staffing the bar area.Other than that I look forward to going again to see my favorite bands play and even be able to talk to them when I can work up enough nerve to do so. : )
4	I probably make it to the Rhythm Room at least a few times a year, and I always have a good time. The place is a sort of a dive but the bar staff is fast and the bands sound good. Their prices for shows and drinks are reasonable and if the music is not fabulous the people watching always is.
1	Maybe I am the most "uncool" person on Yelp, but I HATED this place.  A friend and I decided to meet here thinking it sounded like a chill place to have a drink, relax, go down memory lane, etc.We drove separately and I arrived before him.  I paid a $10 cover to get inside, only to discover that "inside" was so dark I could not see, so packed I could not move, and playing the most INSANELY loud I-don't-even-know-what-to-call-it music I have ever heard.Trying not to be a diva, I went to the bar and ordered a Jack on the rocks.  It took me screaming at the bartender to accomplish this feat, likely through no fault of his own.Anyway, my buddy showed up and miraculously recognized my silhouette in the dark.  (I am a perfectly normal size 10/12 so I didn't stand out at all.)  He ordered a drink and we stood in awkward, pitch-black, booming silence until we decided to just slam our drinks and leave.That was the most interesting $15+ dollar Jack (including cover) I have ever had.I don't see the appeal.  Maybe on a weekday?
5	I sometimes forget how much I like The Rhythm Room. We went to another show last night - Griffin House - and instantly felt like we were part of VH1's Behind the Music. It's such an intimate venue, the acoustics are fantastic and it's set up just perfectly. You're a handshake away from the band, the bartenders are great, the drinks are cheap and the big patio is perfect for breaks and fresh air between sets. Take a chance on an artist you've never seen (tickets are typically cheap) and try out this Phoenix gem - totally a part of history. It's pretty fun to think about all the blues artists who've played throughout the years.
3	I caught Azure Ray and Tim Fite here last week and I'm ashamed to say...it was my first time here. Knew of it, drove by it, it's in my 'hood, just never had the opportunity to check it out. The good:I love small, intimate venues! At one point we were sitting on the side of the stage and I was literally rubbing elbows with Tim Fite in his coveralls. Fortunately (and unfortunately, I guess) there was not a whole lot of people at the show so getting a seat at the bar or up close was not that difficult. Slightly irritating: The doormen and bouncers were rather frowny and you can't take your drinks (or even water) onto the patio. The great:Yay for a cool venue/dive that's not in Tempe!Anyway, a great chill show. I laughed and sang, held myself and cried. Definitely plan on grabbing a drink here in the very near future.
3	We went a bit late on a Monday night to find the house blues band playing and various open mic harmonica players accompanying. Maybe 20 people sitting, dancing, milling about. All pretty drunk and having a good time.Clearly a dive bar with a minor kitsch look and feel. Not bad. We probably would have stayed longer had we felt like getting wasted and dancing with the oddball locals hanging there.
3	This is definitely one of the best places to catch live music because it attracts such great talent.By dive bar standards, it's pretty solid. The drinks are strong and the bathroom is consistently clean (really my only criteria in a dive bar). Beyond that, it's too loud and - for a music venue - the sound quality is too inconsistent. The best experience is had standing in the back or sitting on the patio with friends.Bright side: The audience is always diverse and rich with character!
4	Was at the Rhythm Room again for the Quasi / Sebadoh show and it's great to see the demographics change.  I am so glad this show was an over 21 only crowd, we didn't have to deal with cattle guards and an awful corral system that just makes getting around about 13% more difficult (the Sea Wolf show was all ages).Awesome place still to see great bands pass through, Savoy Brown is playing there soon and I am sure the demographics will change once again,.  If you are a people watcher check it out, if you are into a diverse range of music and willing to see some indie awesomeness most definitely check this place out.
4	I am a fan of the music, not the atmosphere so much - I have been there a few times and they have excellent bands. The bartenders know how to make a good stiff drink. The place is a little on the small side so it gets crowded and noisy, but the crowd is always diverse and friendly. For a local music venue on Phoenix (and let's face it, this isn't Nashville) The Rhythm Room is great!
3	Great place for live music. On Friday and Saturday nights though, get there early or you will NOT get a seat! Friendly staff. Large, outside smoking area. Cheap drinks, including $1.50 PBR.
4	good small venue to see good bands.  place gets crowded so get there early for a good seat.
3	I have never seen a bad show here, truly an excellent venue here in the valley of no venues! I have seen local and national bands here and they have a great sound system, ample stage room, a large smoking patio and a barbecue truck out back. Big problem with this place is the bar when they are busy. There is no way to navigate the bar without getting bumped, bruised and spilling your drink on people. Largely because there are two barriers between the dance floor/seating area and the bar. This sets up an intersection between the server station, the dance floor, the bathrooms/patio and the bar. It sucks. I have witnessed creepy guys molesting women as they walk through this gauntlet. I won't go here if the parking lot is busy anymore. BoB, knock those damn barriers down! Open your club!
4	Rhythm Room makes for a fantastic little place to catch a show.  We travelled in to Phoenix to see the Gruff Rhys show and it was amazing.  Of course, the show was great, but the venue complimented the experience.  It was, as the name says, pretty much...a room with a bar - and a stage.  It's a pretty small place so the performers are right up in your face...intimate performances.  The staff at the doors and the people behind the bar were all friendly and the crowd was pleasant...helped me to enjoy the time that much more.  I certainly would love to see any other of my favorite artists gig it up there in the future.  Thanks for hosting the good times Rhythm Room!
4	I love this joint. Been going there for years and a bit more frequently as of late. $7 cover, cheap drinks and have never seen a bad show. The Mrs. and I like to go there after dinner out as the shows don't start til 9.It does get crowded, it is dark and it is loud. No kids, no hipster dweebs, no emo's, no d-bags....in other words, its great!
4	Deep in the heart of downtown Phoenix lies a tiny venue called The Rhythm Room. It holds a total capacity of about 300 people and separates all ages (under 21 crowd) from the 21+ crowd. To a person under the age of 21, it seems like a awful place because they rope off that tiny section at the side of the stage. For someone over 21, it can be fun to watch a show because you have the entire front view of the stage, which is very low to the ground. Often times there is no use of barricades which allows for maximum interaction between the audience and performer. The drink selection at the full bar is awesome and they have great prices so you can afford to buy a drink after buying your ticket. For such a small venue, the parking lot is adequate. The acoustics aren't very good, but such an intimate venue creates and electrified environment. There are nearby bars and gas stations within walking distance if you don't want to drive home immediately after the show. The biggest issue is that the venue isn't exactly in the safest area, being in downtown Phoenix.
4	THE best place in Phoenix to see a live band. I have been here a few times for the Red Elvises, who have played here a few times a year since 1998. Also saw a few other shows here, the staff are friendly and helpful and the drinks are reasonably priced. Oddly, last time I was here n a Tuesday night, they were actually busier than they were on a Saturday.
5	Great place!!! Up close and personal to see your favorite bands. Have been impressed with the sound guys there, always have done a great job!My favorite band to see there is Cold Shott and the Hurricane Horns! Always a great time!!
3	We went to see Frank Turner here and the first thing about this place that I will note is that its a great venue to see someone you are really excited about! You are so close to them, its a more intimate setting and the performers are more personal. Loved that!First impression- Dirty and cheap....just the way I like it! Lol The place is pretty much fueled by PBR and young, society-loathing degenerates....its not the crowd for everyone but for what we were there for it was perfectly fine. For a concert the sound is great, the layout is good for a music venue as it allows for people to not be trampled, and you could get very close to the performers which was neat! The staff was all very funny and nice which was great. Tips:GO SEE FRANK TURNER, you will not regret it.Don't park in Keith and Ginger's spot (especially on a Fri or Sat)Feel free to bathe before going.....its close quarters, don't be offensive.
4	The drinks are cheap.. the bartenders are fast and helpful and the people always change. Depending on the show you came to see there can be lots of hot people.. or lots of fat gross ones. Eek! Either way.l. $1.50 for a PBR on a show night I can not complain. They also have a smokers patio so that is helpful!
4	Nothing fancy here! If it weren't for the great music that comes through this place it would be a total dive bar. But the music and the energy class it up.This is a fabulous place to see a band! During the week they have a great and really eclectic selection of bands - I have seen some of my favorite Indie bands here. The weekends it's blues, which hubby hubster and I love!The dance floor is decent size for such a small club and it can - and does get crowded so if you want to sit, get there early. The drinks are cheap and the crowd is very eclectic and most of the time a lot of fun - usually a little older on the weekends and you get the hipsters and the hipster wannabes depending on the band that's playing during the week.It's also within lightrail distance which is awesome for us since we live in Tempe.
5	dear rhythm room,i am so sorry that many great artists will be skipped over from playing in your gem of a venue due to the hipster ballroom that opened up and stole your indie spotlight. i will unfortunately have to patronize them due to my love for these buzzbands, but you  and your sweet, cheap draft beers, scuzzy bathrooms, random table & chair sets, awesome bartenders, dingy dark atmosphere, incredible sound and intimate stage presentation will forever hold a special place within me.the best shows i've seen in phoenix have always been in your belly.thank you, from the bottom of my burning indie heart.
4	This place is not fancy, it's not new, but it's a great place to see a band.  The bar is in the back and there are seats all around to chill out while listening to the bands.  it's very loud so definitely not the place to go  for a quiet night out by any stretch of the imagination.  I give it the the most points for atmosphere since it revels in it's dive-y-ness.  The sound isn't the best at the couple shows I have been too they always have sound issues of some kind or another.  I think that adds to the charm of the place.  It's a great place to see a $10 band at any rate.  I do not hesitate to go if a band I like is playing there.   The bartenders are very nice and I haven't had any issues with the bouncers although I had tickets all the times I went.
4	I was last at this place in 2004, and it was great.  My favorite band was playing and I had a great time dancing, drinking and just listening to music.  It's a must-see for any rhythm and blues fan.  Of course, it wasn't open when I just visited.  Ah well.  But still a good place to catch a show.
5	As a former drummer in a band, this was my favorite place to play.  As a spectator, I am just as smitten.  This place is run by old school professionals who treat musicians well.  They are up front about what they want from you but they are also accommodating.  The vibe is that of a classy dive bar.  If that makes any sense.  Anyway, the sound is great and the beer selection is decent.  I also respect that while you can see some great indie rock there, they are still dedicated to blues and jazz on the weekends.  It would contend for my favorite place ever if that rib shack in the parking lot ever seemed open on the occasions I've gone to shows.
5	My first time here last night and I"m looking forward to getting back soon!  Great small venue, friendly bartenders.  I do think sometimes the acoustics were a little off, but we were listening to alternative/rock music and I don't think that's what the venue was built for.  But it was still a good sound, just not optimal.  Loved the very eclectic mix of people milling around.  It was so not Scottsdale, without trying.  Very mellow, a live and let live vibe through the night.  Loved it!
3	Great music, cheap drinks and a no frills attitude.
4	A decent venue in Phoenix for live music. They often have good acts playing there.
5	great sound. good beer and sight lines. I saw the appleseed cast here and lost my hearing for two days. was worth it.
4	Great place for a show.Great place to drink.Very cool staff and the overall vibe is nice.Only problem is that the A/C doesn't seem to be a priority there.  :)Go.
2	My husband and I saw The Blasters at the Rhythm Room a few years ago, and even though the show was incredible, our waitress didn't like the tip my husband gave her and threw it back down on the table.  I guess a $1.00 tip for a round of drinks is unacceptable...we have not gone back and I'm not sure we ever will.
1	We were scheduled to go with an events group of around 35 people. My friend and I got there 40 minutes early. A man that appeared to work for the place was propping the door open and greeted us. We milled around and listened to the band run some practices and sounds test. We talked to the bartender about food and was told she could give us some menus for pizza delivery. We waited about 40 minutes for the rest of our group. At 7 (opening time) we were approached and told we were not suppose to be in there and asked to leave. The man didn't offer to  our $5 entrance fee or walk us to a waiting area he just asked us to leave. So we did. Outside  there were people milling around but it appeared our group would make up the majority of the patrons for the evening. We did not know that what appeared to be a front entrance was not the front entrance. No one stopped us or came up to us for 40 minutes. It was not a weekend. I tried calling but no one picked up and I tried to find an email address with no luck. I doubt I will return unless they contact me and explain themselves. If my employee talked to someone in that matter I would fire them. When I told the man I will never come back he shrugged. What amounted to a misunderstanding was handled with extreme rudeness and with a complete disregard to our future business. I will be informing our event coordinator of how we were  treated as well. The group does events every night of the week. I hope he removes this one from our future schedules. All we saw was a dirty club with torn bar stools.
3	The Rhythm Room is one of the few places in Phoenix where you can listen to real blues. The bands are very good and they have national touring bands. Bands play on an elevated stage and the sound system is very good. It's not just blues either -- many varieties of music is featured.The cover charges are often too high -- even sometimes for local bands. They have craft beers on tap that are reasonably priced. I like the floor layout but narrow walkways cause traffic wrecks. The railing with the bar stools that divides the room is very cool. It's homey and divey and the best thing is that you can sit near the band.It doesn't seem that maintenance is done very often Restrooms are dirty and the tables and chairs are shoddy.The dance floor is pitiful. It's a parkay wood floor that is usually dirty and often damp with beer. It's too small to accommodate more than about 3 swing dancers at a time but that's no big deal because it's rare to meet somebody at the RR that does anything besides wiggling in place. Given that the stand-alone building that houses the RR is small it would be impossible to improve the dance situation without building an extension. Despite the negatives I love the Rhythm Room, but I don't go there very often. Dancing is important for me and I hate high door charges -- especially when I don't know anything about the band that is playing.
4	Great venue for music..friendly staff...great food truck food..booze is only point reduction
4	Great venue for music, not a bad seat in the house. We sat 90 degreas to the stage and it sounded great. This has become my go to Phoenix Blues!
5	This is an awesome venue for live blues/music. The service is outstanding (both the cocktail servers and bartenders)and I have a ton of fun every time I go. A very cool little club and it is totally nice that it is right here in Phoenix. The names/level of talent this place draws is pretty amazing. We saw Muddy Waters' son play a set last night. Any music lover should check this place out!
4	This was my second time to the Rhythm Room and it was fantastic! We saw "Mother Mother" this time and "Patrick Watson" the time before. Both performances were stellar and Rhythm Room is such a great venue. It creates an intimate experience between you and the performers. You really get to hear the music and connect. It's also nice that there's a bar, so you get some drinks while you watch. The location is pretty good and the parking isn't terrible. The bathrooms could use some updating, but overall, for an older and more intimate music venue, this place has got it going on. I cannot stress how nice it is that this place is smaller and more of an experience than when you go to a venue that accommodates thousands upon thousands. (Waay too crowded!) I love it when bands go to the Rhythm Room! I'll definitely be back.
5	always a great time
5	I went here last night to see Polica play. I can't believe I've never been here before, having lived in Phoenix for almost 7 years..The venue is great for seeing bands perform in a more intimate setting. I don't think there's a "bad" spot in the house. The sound is great, there were only a few times where minor adjustments needed to be made. It's definitely a smaller venue, so it gets crowded quick. I would suggest arriving when the doors open, as we did not and ended up waiting in a line that went outside. The bartender working was awesome, super friendly and the service was quick! Beer was cold..always a good thing. ;)I look forward to a return visit..I love seeing live jazz and blues musicians play and this seems like the perfect place to see it!
5	This is a regular hang out - I have to see a show here at least once a month. On 7/3 I made the trip down to see Phoenix Legend Hans Olson perform with a full band for his annual birthday bash. Great show. In all of the years i have been coming here I can't think of a bad show. Oh sure there were bad times, fighting with my spouse, car issues, drank too much/not enough but the bands have ALWAYS been solid. You can count on the Music, great service from Lynsay and the place to be a dump. Love it. Free parking. Couple of tips. Sometimes you will find a food truck there. Check the web site before you come down if you are hungry. Sit in front of the little wall/bar and the acoustics are much much better.
5	Maybe I am just a sucker for music venues in general, but Rhythm Room gets five stars from me. Buried in the heart of Phoenix, it's the perfect place for a band to draw a nice-sized crowd. I've been to RR several times to watching my friend's bands play, as well as to see some other not so local bands.Now, Rhythm Room is quite small, which is why it makes a perfect venue for local bands. Especially when you're there to support a friend play. It's an awesome place to just hang out with friends, enjoy a few brews and listen to some great music. Just like most venues catering to all-ages, they do separate the underage from the of age, which then makes it awkward to try and talk to any one who isn't in your age bracket. The drinks are moderately priced, but they do have some pretty decent daily specials. I think my only complaint about RR is the bathroom. If you've read any of my other reviews, I complain about bathrooms a lot. But, alas, RR gets five stars because I have so many fond memories at this venue and I am a fan of the atmosphere.
3	I was at this venue to attend a blues concert. It has very little seating and the beer was warm. I thought the sound system really sucked! I was rather disappointed as I really LOVED the guy I went to see and I couldn't make out any of the music.
4	Great fun. Enjoy the live blues bands that come through. There is even dancing which is fun. Small intimate feel.
5	"I don't want you to be the guy in the PG-13 movie everyone's *really* hoping makes it happen. I want you to be like the guy in the rated R movie, you know, the guy you're not sure whether or not you like yet. You're not sure where he's coming from. Okay? You're a bad man. You're a bad man, Mikey. You're a bad man, bad man." Maybe I'm alone here - but when I stepped inside this joint I felt like I was on the Swingers movie set, which is easily one of my favorite movies.  I have never been to any jazz lounges in L.A., but this is without a doubt one of the coolest places I've been in Phoenix.  Whiskey Kiss opened for Nikki Hill - and I was QUITE impressed with both.  Seeing these guys play for a few hours for a $10 cover while drinking $2 cans o' PBR just doesn't get much better on a Wednesday night.  I'm not cool enough to call myself rockabilly, and I wasn't even sure I'd enjoy Nikki's music - but you just can't help but jam when she starts crooning.  I mention the artists, because I imagine there are very few places that could book that kind of talent for a reasonable price on any day of the week. Bravo Rhythm Room, your service was friendly, your beer was cold, your bathrooms were clean (but seriously get the urinal fixed) and the ambiance was electric.  Can't wait to go back!!
4	Blues? LOL I came here to check out some rock. This is an intimate venue, in which you can expect to be fully enveloped by sound. There's no room to really move around, as the stage was clearly designed for more chill shows. Learn to look cool like yours truly by sipping a PBR and standing around looking at your shoes the whole time.In between sets, grab a drink from the bar. Prices are very reasonable for a music venue, but the beer on tap is WAY too warm. Seriously, they should adjust that. You can also recover your hearing on the spacious patio, just beware the perpetual cloud of smoke. Overall, I like this place. I'd come back. It's got character.
2	The music was good.  The beer was warm.  Wheat beer served warm can contain bacteria.  The person I was with and myself were both sick for three days.
4	Love this place. Always a great time. Only thing I would suggest is to not buy a beer on tap. It is not cold enough. Otherwise one of my favorite places to hang out.
4	Yesterday makes my second time visiting The Rhythm Room.  Ironically, both times a New Orleans band bought down the house.  Be ye warned: The sound system in this Jimmy is super good so it's LOUD ... like very loud!  I like it like that though :)Local draft beers only .. Devil's Ale is a winner!  $5.00 who can complain :)
5	Amazing venue. It has a very cozy feel to it and you feel right at home. Drinks are pretty cheap and the acoustics for live music is amazing!
3	There's no other place in town that books the kind of blues, funk, dance/horns acts that this place does, and there's no other place in town with such a friendly, laid-back crowd.  But the sound system blows goats, so they cover an utter lack of vocal-mic clarity with a sheer wall of volume.  What they end up with is loud, loud mud.  The vocalists might as well be humming, for all the words you can actually make out.  And  the sound guy appears completely deaf to the feedback he keeps allowing.  They don't skimp on the pours in the mixed drinks, but the draft beer is all "cellar-temp" warm.  Overall not a bad way to catch a show, but it seems like it could be better with just a little more effort.
