3	Carnitas Guanajuato is a very authentic Mexican restaurant. I decided to try them after driving by them so many times. We ordered the barbacoa, cheese enchiladas, and pork skin taco's. The food did take a long time to arrive even though it was not busy. It was actually comforting because it meant the food was made to order and not pre made and microwaved like most Mexican restaurants. The barbocoa was made with lamb and was super amazing. The flavors were truly divine. My wife had the cheese enchilada, not really my type of Mexican food but it definitely was loaded with cheese and she loved it. The pork skin tacos were good but not what I expected. I was thinking the pork skin would have some crisp to it but it was soft. It was definitely lacking in texture and appearance but not in taste. I probably would not order it again, but definitely something I am glad I tried. I would rate the food at four stars but the service was between a one and a two. The servers were not friendly and welcoming. They were also extremely slow even though it was not busy while we were there. Everyone has bad days though and I am excited to go there a second time.
3	I eat here on my lunch break every once in a while. For the price of the tacos which are 1.50 each it is a great lunch if your in the mood for it. It does take a while to get your food and i have had the enchildas from here and did not like them at all.
4	The name says it all CARNITAS (fried pork)! Yum!!Long version: I probably wouldn't come here for anything other than carnitas. They're Carnitas are great and very authentic! Carnitas tacos, carnita tortas, or carnitas by the pound - you can't go wrong! Can you tell I like they're carnitas? On busy days when we don't have time to cook or when we have unexpected company we order carnitas by the pound! It's great for around $8 you get a lb of meat, tortillas, salsa, cilantro and onion! Plus you can pick it up right away, without any wait! Short version: Try the carnitas they won't disappoint!
2	The best thing about this joint is definitely the amount of salsa they bring out when you sit down. They give you chips, of course, but then you get four, five six - I lost count - salsas to go with them. It's a veritable buffet of salsa. As has been mentioned, none are earth-shattering, but it's nice to have something other than a simple watered-down salsa to go with your chips.After that, you get fairly standard mexican fare, delivered by generally helpful staff at a very, very slow pace. In fact, were it not for the chips and the extraordinary amount of salsa, it might be far too slow. Though I like mexican food, and don't mind it taking a while to prepare, because it means they are generally working on something tasty, in this case it was like they forgot we were there and had to remember what we ordered.By the time they delivered it, we had eaten so much of the chips and salsa, we were hardly hungry for the food, but we did eat it, and it wasn't bad - just not decent enough to make us want to go back. In the end, eat we did, and if nothing else, I can say without a doubt that...I ate it and I didn't die.
5	One of our normal take out joints. We will occasionally eat in. Love all the different salsas you get when you eat in. The authentic carne asada tacos are the best here. I also love their tortas. Food is always tasty and fast. Venture out from your regular "American" Mexican foods you would normally order. Their authentic foods are great!
5	Fantastic Mexican food.  Great value, awesome salsa, and friendly staff.  Highly recommend.
4	Authentic Mexican dishes, and very reasonable prices. My best friend took me here for the 1st time and I am hooked. The manager even came and introduced himself (Daniel) and a nice demaeanor. We ordered the Steak Fajitas and a few beers. We also ordered a mixed drink and the bill was very reasonable. Full generous portions, and they brought chips and 6 or 7 different salsas to start off with. I was too full. A new fan!
5	I absolutely love this place!!! The food is authentic not to mention it taste outstanding!!!The staff is somewhat bilingual but speak enough English to get your order, lol which I love practicing Spanish with them. Sometimes the service is slow but it's well worth it because the prices are more than reasonable for the amount of food that you receive and the margaritas are very good.
