4	1 Carne Asada Taco + 1 Carnitas Taco + 1 Chicken Tamale = $4.19. And you will want seconds. The wholesome and quick-griddled soft corn tortillas are the star of the Tacos - noticeably better than any I've had in town. They're fragrant, toasty and pita-like! The Tamales are very savory, with a generous filling of green chiles and good quality chicken. All of the above items were specifically recommended by the cashier. Saw an Asada Nachos bowl at a neighboring table and was impressed by the looks of it. Great execution here, quality food made with effort. No odd burnt bits of beef or overly grisly pork like you'd might expect from a $1 Taco. I would choose two La Mexicana Tacos vs. one from Tacos El Gordo, everytime.The 'red' picante-style sauce on the salsa bar is fantastic and packs some heat. One sauce cup per 2 tacos works well. Cheap fountain drinks ($1.25) too!I am sticking with this place as my go-to Mexican spot, at least until the 2nd location opens (on Durango & Spring Mountain) in a few weeks. And yes, it's better than Roberto's, Baja Fresh, Chipotle, Agave, the Michoacans, and Lotus Of Siam :)Good quality, cheap, and heartburn-free. My new favorite spot to grub!
5	Carnitas tacos all the way!  If I didn't listen to my belly, I could easily kill 10 of these suckers. So I stopped at 6, and surprisingly, did not feel gross afterwards. That's a 5 stars review in my neck of the woods. Don't be fooled by the exterior, the bars aren't meant to keep you out, it's to protect you when you're inside. I've never felt so safe, watching Telemundo music videos, eating tacos, and hanging out with my buds.
5	Having been a huge fan when Robert own this store, I went back in June and it was so disappointing. BUT I went this past weekend and it was fantastic. I had the chili verde platter & carne asada tacos. My dinning companions had the carne asada burritos & a combo platter with the chicken tamale, cheese enchilada & chile rellano - all for under 25.00 with drinks. I would for sure recommend the salsa verde as my personal favorite and the side of guacamole came with a spicy kick. Now that I'm writing this, I want to hop in my car and have some gorditas (which we got to go for lunch the following day) a little pocket of goodness. If you haven't been in 2013, go back. The counter is new, it's bright and colorful plus the woman at the counter was very helpful tho the tall dude looking over her shoulder was handsome but made me nervous for her. She did great even with his spying. Good deal for fresh made mex.
5	Great place and crave their food!  Tacos are my favorite food and their tacos and salsa have real Mexican flavor.  Prices are good and the place is much cleaner than most taco places in LV.
5	Love it!It's great to grab a bite for lunch.Love all the different salsas!Prices are reasonable - TV is too loud most of the time, but I can overlook that I guess.  Just is hard to even have a conversation at the table.All in all - Great place!!!!I think I'll go there for lunch today!!!
4	This authentic taco shop is not to be missed. The grilled beef taco salad was delicious and a great value. The service was excellent by Diana.  She was happy and helpful. I really suggest you try this little gem in Las Vegas off Decatur.
3	Popped in for a few tacos today... The carne asada was lacking in flavor, no marinade, and pretty bland. The carnitas were very good and I'd eat a dozen at one sitting :)
4	This is absolutely on of my favorite Places to get Mexican food in Las Vegas. I get a California burrito with chicken and potatoes... It's amazing and I crave it all the time! Even though I live in green valley I drive down here just for some La Mexicana!
5	Yelp always leads me to interesting place. This is a total hole in the wall. It's filled with local families, so that's a good sign. Don't let the Boost Mobile and massage parlor scare you off. We ordered the taco special ($6) and it was great. I'm giving it 5 stars because its very delicious and the kind of place worth hunting for.
1	Someone needs to taste the food before serving it because nothing had flavour. I was hoping from the reviews for those deep rich flavours synonymous with Mexican food but this just ended up with bland tasteless food.
5	Ate here yesterday for lunch, it was delicious. All five in my party enjoyed our meals. I got the 4 taco special plus horchata and loved it. We will definitely be going back!
5	In my opinion, La Mexicana is the BEST mom and pop style mexican joint in town. I stumbled upon this place by accident years ago. I dont come as much as I should, but if im near by, I WILL stop in. Tacos are good and chimichanga is best in town. Every other item ive had is fantastic. Carne Asada plate is also good. Unfortunately, this place had a major renovation a year or two ago. They repainted the walls, and took down all these cool things off the wall. Rumor has it that ownership changed? Since they did that, i feel like food has gone down from what it was, but food is still the best in town. This place was the best mexican food ive ever had 2007-2011ish. Since, not as good but worth the visit.
