4	Monroe's is a cool little basement bar in downtown Phoenix. Just by existing, it creates a sense that Downtown Phoenix isn't just a pathetic excuse for a city that was simply plopped on top of the desert. It gives the area character. It's one of those places that help make downtown feel more like a much cooler city that has an abundance of stuff like this. You blink and you might miss it, but once you find the door and descend the stairway you'll find yourself inside a dark and cozy spot lined with old woods and bookended by a wrap-around bar and a stage where they sometimes have musicians play. The atmosphere is pretty inviting, but it helps if you bring a buddy so you don't feel like an outcast. There are tables and chairs to sit at and the place is capable of accomidating groups. They serve food as well of course and the food is good. I've had pizza there and I thought it was quite tasty. Nothing to write home about, but I'll yelp about it. It's the sort of place that sets the scene for "anything can happen" night... sorta like Chez Nous did, but in a different way. Definitely worth the trip.edit: I went here last year, and I've learned it may be closed now (although a search on the web turns up nothing about closure)... definitely needs confirmation.
5	I used to try and make it here weekly/bi-weekly as it was the place that "made" downtown Phoenix for me. Don't get me wrong, there have always been cool spots down here, but the dark atmosphere coupled with killer live music made Monroe's second to none. I saw Paris James for the first time here years ago and it was one of the best live music sessions that I have been fortunate enough to witness. The sign is still on the outside of the building and the space remains vacant. Like that childhood love that you always compared others to, Monroe's is that bar that I always size others up to the moment I walk in. I'll hold on to my hopes that perhaps they will open their doors back up so I can grab a Ruben sandwich (their Ruben was one of the best I've had) and some whisky waters, and let my ears bask in the heartfelt melodies emanating from the strings of the featured musician.
5	Life-size Boba Fett statue. Five stars for that alone.
