1	STOP.  Please just stop.  That is not a uniform.  That is a swimsuit.  It would also help that the "girls" looked good in them.Can we have a classy place please!  This isn't fooling anyone.  It is barely dressed college girls (which does sound good on the surface) but they are all suffering from the freshman 40 (lbs).I never thought a place could make Hooters look good... but they do.Awful location too.. but that might soften the blow when you never hear about the place.Re:Review/EditYeah it is funny that someone could give it 5 stars and it doesnt open until today.  Odd how it sounds more like a commercial then reality.  And yes... BINGO you nailed it "Friends and Family".  I gave my honest opinion.  Obviously you as... let me guess manager? didn't like it.  Tough, you earned it.
1	I'm doing something that I don't usually do, and that's write a review for somewhere I haven't really been yet.  That is, I've been there, but I haven't patronized the place yet.We were going to try Bikinis (that's plural, not possessive), but as soon as we stepped in, we were smacked by a nasty smoke smell.  I understand that it's a "bar and grill", with bar coming first.  But they really need to do something to not offend people who don't want that.Second up, the bikinis - sure, they are nice, and probably better than Hooters (the place, not the more generic noun).  But you have to stand in the smoke-filled entry hall just to get a seat.  Then we'd have to wait there for upwards of half an hour to get a seat in the non-smoking section.  No thanks.  We left.
4	I was invited by a female friend of mine to drop by and experience this place when I was in town.  I had a pleasant experience.  Several of the servers came by and chatted with me.  They were all lovely gals wearing bikini tops and denim cutoffs.Wow does this place have TV's!  All of them are large Hi-Def screens.  Saw a nice private room decorated for Pittsburgh Steelers fans.For lunch I ordered the steak sandwich.  Just your average sandwich - good but nothing special.  The bill was several dollars less than I would have normally spent at a Hooters.It might be a different place when it's packed, but I enjoyed my experience.
1	One of my female coworkers wanted to try out this place since it was recommended to her. I guess you can't get bored while waiting for your food since there are tons of tvs on the walls and waitresses wearing bikini tops. Too bad the food is really bad...really bad. It's one thing when someone wants to go to Hooters for wings or burgers, but there wasn't a single dish my coworkers and I ordered that came out okay.
4	Lots of Haters out there. Not me .... This is a fun place with BiG beers, Silver Strike bowling and a ton of HD screens showing whatever event you want to watch ... Don't see the game you are looking for? Ask and they will find it for you. My one & only beef ... 5 beers in a bucket makes no sense.
1	We finally decided that we would try Bikinis again.  I don't know why, other than we just had to see if it was as bad as all the reviews were (in case you are wondering, it was).In good news, the smoke in the entry way that I mentioned in my earlier review has either been addressed or there just aren't that many people there - it's not too bad as we come in.  But that's about the only good news.What is sad is that this place is just depressing.  It's a fairly new establishment (yes, even now), and it looks like it's been there for years - it reminds me of the early morning gamblers in Las Vegas.  The place is empty and the "young" women are working the handful of tables in the room.All of the servers are nice enough, but they just seem to be puzzled about why they are there.  The food service is slow, and the menu isn't anything outstanding.  When the food does finally arrive, there really isn't any reason to come back.  Ever.
5	I think that this Sports Bar is a nice place, it numerous TV's and always has big sporting Events on with a low cover... All the negative reviews were from when they first opened, that is why I always wait for a new spot to work out the bad workers and get everyone on the same note
4	You know you've been waiting for it, so here it is.  The long-awaited return trip to Bikinis is now in the books.  The result?  I have to give them a big thumbs up.  In fact, the turnaround is nothing short of amazing.  Why?  Read on...The very first original impression we had was one of smoke, and naturally they are the beneficiaries of the NC smoking ban on this one.  If you can't smoke inside, then there isn't going to be much smoke, right?But the change goes well beyond that.  It's like the whole place has had a complete and total makeover.  Rather than the dingy, poorly lit past-their-prime interior, there is an entirely different vibe.  Though the pics that are on the business page appear to be from a different location than the Charlotte one, they aren't entirely off the mark, and will give you an idea of what they look like now.Some 30 flat-screen sets surround the place - bar, seating area, everywhere.  They are just all over.  There is rock (probably fake, but it does the job) and wood, rather than what appeared to be frayed carpet on the last visit - really strange to see at a new restaurant!  Even the staff seemed more upbeat rather than beaten down like they were the last time we stopped in.The changes extend to the lowly menu, which also had a makeover.  Instead of what appeared to be typewritten sheets in a binder, now there is a slick glossy two-pager with food that really whets the appetite (you can see this online if you want).  It was actually difficult to decide what to order.The staff was excellent.  Naturally they were mostly made up of college-age women, and they were all in short shorts and bikini tops, but they were all friendly, rather than standoffish like they were before.  Big improvement.  Not your thing?  Totally get it - but it's miles ahead of where they were.On the food - monster steps above where they were.  There are some weak spots, but also some huge gains.  The tater tots were tasty, but mostly a gooey mess.  The Buffalo Burger was solid, but a bit of a mess as well.  Perhaps less sauce, or maybe the same amount, but a few seconds on the grill to get the taste without quite as much liquid in the basket, would have been a plus.  The sliders were good, but not outstanding.The real star of the show?  The Heart Attack Burger.  Fried egg, bacon, crispy onion straws, pimento cheese and chipotle mayo. all  cooked to perfection and served on a kaiser bun.  This may just be the best burger in the QC.  Totally would not have expected it, but I'm glad that I found it, as now I know where to get it again.If you're after a unique dessert, they also have a fried cheesecake.  Think cheesecake wrapped up in an egg roll wrapper and deep fried to get an idea of what it's like.  Tastes a bit like deep fried ice cream, or a cheesecake inside a churro, but you get to linger on the cheesecake because it gets a bit thick in the middle.  The ice cream is actually better than the cheesecake however.  Still excellent.Next to the Heart Attack and the interior improvements, the service really stood out as being a big improvement.  From Nick (manager) to Brittany (both of them) and all the rest, they really made for a much better experience this time around.  We took our 15 year old and he had a blast - pics with the girls were the envy of his friends.  And to Kevin - thanks for insisting that we give it another try!Sweet Tea Report: Nice.  Near the top of the heap, good sweetness and very drinkable.  Refilled regularly, which is always a plus!So, did Kevin buy a better review?  Only in the sense that he actually seemed to listen to customers (myself and others).  If more managers/owners did that, many things would be right with the world.
3	It's a sports bar and all the waitresses are in bikinis, but this place has a really odd layout with a weird enclosed room INSIDE.  Just a sports bar.
4	clearly a knock-off of the Hooters chain, i think it blows doors on hooters.  first, the girls seem much cuter.  it's probably easier to get hot young girls to work in bikini tops and jean shorts at a place called Bikini's than it is to get them to wear t-shirt's with O's in strategic places.  the food seems way better but that might just be because i haven't been to a hooters in a million years and the only thing that i remember they served was passable chicken wings.  anyway, second reason it's better than hooters (as if we needed to go beyond #1!), the food. third reason, bikini contests.  awesome.  i don't think it's much of a stretch to put bikini contests in a place called bikini's.  fourth reason, they seem to really enforce this whole friendliness thing here.  the girl spent as much time sitting at our table chatting us up than she did serving people.  i couldn't complain and i don't think the surronding tables were much bothered since they all seemed to have their food and be happy. but alas, i don't know if 'bikinis' is as catchy or unique a name as hooters so you just don't know if the marketing campaign will take off like the big H franchise did a while back. not sure it's going to be the next big thing but it's got a great niche market so far for multiple reasons. although, again, i don't think you need to go much beyond the first one.
4	A friend and I were looking for a Steelers bar for games that aren't nationally televised and heard about Bikini's in the university area as catering toward the black and gold.  They were right!!  The beer specials were decent, 10 bucks for a pitcher of a few different drafts - and I thought the food was overpriced for what you got....BUT - they had over half of their TV's tuned to the Steelers game with the whole sound system in the building devoted to that game.  The place was filled with Steeler faithful and the waitresses were really great about letting you pick which area you wanted to sit based on where the TVs were.  So if you are reading this and are a Steelers fan looking for a laid back, friendly, steeler-fan filled bar to go watch a game on a Sunday, I would definitely recommend Bikini's.  If you are going for the food, I'd go elsewhere :)  My rating is probably even more biased since the Steelers won today too!
4	I ventured to Bikini's as I did not feel like heading to Dixie's in Uptown to watch the Steelers game in a ridiculously crowded bar. Also, there is no more free parking in Uptown on a Sunday!  During my last visit I was charged $16 to park at an empty, and normally free on a Sunday, 7th Street Station parking garage.  Way to drive business out of your empty city on a Sunday Uptown!  Ok...I digress. Atmosphere - spacious, a raised bar area, a center room(?) of glass w/ numerous TVs, lots of seating, tables, booths, dark stained pine, and more TVs. Service - Friendly (except one...kind of...she got upset cause I did not tell her that her underwear was sticking out above her shorts...how is that my job? Maybe she was joking...whatever), lots of girls in cutoffs & bikini tops. Food - I had a fresh Cajun grilled chicken sandwich that came on a sourdough bun w/ lettuce & tomato. This was accompanied w/ homemade pub chips. The chicken was decent and the flavoring OK. The chips were there, but next time I might substitute them for something else. The drink selection here is your average sports bar, but I noted that everyday there is a drink special, all of which seemed well priced. Overall - While this day was all about me watching the Steelers. I arrived 30 minutes before the game and there was ample seating. Like Terry S. stated, they really do cater to the Steelers fans, which gives you a nice alternative to Dixie's. I shall return and yes I will not hesitate to let you know if your underwear is sticking out above your shorts...Bonus star for playing a new Gorillaz song on your jukebox!
1	Its actually quite refreshing to be able to give this low of a rating once in a while. I'm picky where I go, so rarely do I dispose a place so much. Definitely a zero star, except for a few friendly smiles. Starting off, I walk in the door of this "University area sports bar" on a Friday night, to see the 9'er nation signs everywhere. First thing I thought was, hell yes, I found my spot(UNCC 49'ers were playing 7th ranked Tenn in the only televised game of the season). I start looking at the 20+ big screens all around me and not one has the game on. I walked up to the manager and pointed out the fact and he said he'd see what he could do. He must have loved my advice, because half the screens were turned 5 minutes later. To the actual fare. I sat next to a not so friendly looking guy at the bar, who was slurping down some kind of chicken plate that looked kind of plastic. When the quite cute and scantily clad bartender walked up asking if I needed a menu, I laughed a little, and said no thank you. I asked what the beer special was, and she said we have great special tonight, with 3 dollar corona's. I had to decline that also, I asked for a pale ale and they did have sweetwater. "You can get a biggie beer for only 8.50" My team was playing and I didn't want to be bothered, so sure. Halfway through my poor the keg crapped out and there was no replacement. I drank my half beer and proceeded to watch history unfold. Amazing comeback and eventually a beautiful win. As far as booze goes, the "specials" on the board all seemed like ripoffs. The mixed drinks looked horrible. I wasn't even asked if I wanted a frosty mug, it was just given to me. IMO:Good beer doesn't nee to be watered down. While I was distracted by my almamater's victory I neglected to notice the crowd that had slowly arrived. The place was packed, there were maybe two women there that weren't employees. Everyone else was skeezy and/or gangster to say the least. This place is one of Charlotte's biggest dive bars on accident, and they don't even have dollar PBR. The vibe was hilarious, but I don't advise laughing at these people. Bottom line is, if your a perv with no pallet having a midlife crisis, this place isn't that bad. BTW:A couple of the girls were cute, but only one I'd say was hot. If that's what your looking for, find a hooters and eat something thats at least edible.
4	You either like it or hate it.  I had the "Heart Attack" burger here for lunch yesterday and it totally blew my socks off.  Yes, the name is a little daunting, but the sound of all the ingredients were too good to pass up.  The burger consists of a fried egg, bacon, fried onions, and pimento cheese on a toasted bun..... sounds crazy right?  I guess it does help that I am somewhat of an egg fanatic, but the burger was cooked just right and the egg on top was the star.As far as the place itself... I think the jury is still out on the "hootersesq" gimmick of the waitresses in bikini's.  The place looks like it's a great set up for watching football and sports with a lot of TVs positioned around the bar and dining room.  Sure every place will have it's pros and cons, but this one is a little more blatant about it.  Just don't expect a lot of female diners coming in.I'll definitely come back to have another "heart attack" or maybe try something else on the menu.
3	i got a gigantic burger from here and it was pretty good. I was a little surprised that the girls are actually walking around in bikinis but i guess i should have yelped it first. lol. the service was ok but not that great I guess because i'm a girl.
3	A bar where girls where bikinis and older dudes come to stare. The beer was cold and the girls were cute.  It's like Hooter's, but with less clothes! Didn't try the food here, but it seems of the normal pub grub stuff you find around here.
2	First visit since 2009.  Have to say I was not impressed.I was greeted at the door and led to a table near the bar.  Sports fans will like the many multiple hi def screens that are "everywhere".The female staff wears bikini tops, denim shorts, and most of them had some type of cowboy boots.  All but one of them was wearing a black bikini top - don't know if that was the company standard or not.The place looks very dark, with low lighting, dark colored seats and tables, and sports banners over everything.  Definitely not as bright and "cheerful" as a Hooters restaurant.The female who took my order remembered my name and was pleasant as she took the order, but was lacking in any real conversation.  (Let's see, you are dressed in a bikini top and are hoping to get more of a tip that the gals that work at a place like Applebee's right?  I'd think you'd want to spend a little time with your customer!)  I noticed the rest of the staff seemed to be equally lacking in a "Hooters friendly" way with the customers.I ordered my Hooters favorite, the buffalo chicken sandwich.  Their version of it is not in the same league as the Hooters version.  The Hooters one is far meatier, a clearly larger chicken breast, and is not served "sloppy"  Bikini's version was a smaller, less meaty version, and all of the sauce seemed to soak into the bun, making it difficult to hold and eat without a bunch of napkins present. which my server kindly provided.Bikini's does have some interesting menu items, such as a huge burger that is meant to be eaten by two persons (but if one person can eat it and all the goodies with it they get it for free).You would think with a name like Bikini's that this would be designed to be a fun atmosphere.  Instead it comes off as a local bar where the female staff wear bikini tops.You'd be better off at a Hooters.
3	Almost gave it Five Stars just for the fact that they have a lot of college co-ed's running around in bikini's and daisy dukes.  So this place is a burger joint with a main bar that has sports on every channel.  The food is okay, nothing special, similar to Ruby Tuesday, Friday's, Chili's, etc.  The atmosphere is a lot of fun.  They run frequent Groupon specials, so keep an eye out.  We got a $40 for $20 and were able to feed  the family of two adults and three kids.
1	Well, I'm definitely on The fence. My first trip here was great, now my second, in the daylight, is a lot different. Kind of like going to a bar without a crowd and during the daylight...grungy.. almost "too real". We got seated quickly and nicely. The waitress greeted us pleasantly and was prompt with the drinks. The reason we came was to watch the steelers game...reasonable enough since its an advertised steelers bar.  Right?  Not out of the question.  So we were seated out of view of a tv with the game on and when I asked if one of the tvs that we could see could be changed,  the bartender said, and I quote  "the steelers?  They're 'f@$&ing everywhere!'". And unfortunately, that's not cool in my book. So. FAIL bikinis. Fail in my book.
3	Don't ask why I was there... that's not the important part.  But if you must know, I somehow ventured into an alternate universe created by men filled with bikini-top/ daisy dukes wearing waitresses, ESPN, big ole mug of beer and Golden Tee.  I guess since the waitresses don't wear much, this place is HOT like an oven in the winter (for obvious reason).  The heat is ridiculously dry and blows directly at the bar seats. On Sundays they have $4 big mug draft beer.  In my opinion their wings were ok, nothing to write home about.  However, my french dip (or whatever they call it, but equivalent to a french dip) was AWESOME.  I added sauteed mushrooms, o-la-la.  I have to warn you, the sandwich was one greasy creation.  The au jus added to the flavor.  Their seasoned fries were good too, much better than the chips (fries costs extra).So as much as I really don't care for the scenery (no offense, not many people look great with bikini tops and short shorts... just saying), I was surprised by my sandwich in a good way.  So what I was the only chick wearing clothes, I don't mind coming back for some more of that good stuff!
1	Dont waste ur time poor service... wrong food order ... bad food .. never again for  me
1	The service here was absolutely the worst. The waitress here at the bar where I sat were only interested in chatting up and providing timely service to the guys who were ordering drinks. Being a workday lunch I was not indulging in ordering alcohol... it took the girl today afternoon 10 minuites after the plate was picked up to get the check. I did tip the waitress 20 % but not even a hi, hello, how is it going from the girl at the bar with a friendly attitude to other alcohol drinkers tells me all I need to know from this prejudiced waitress and this business. Also if you come to this place expect very rednecky crowd ..mostly truck drivers and construction workers..Not a good place to have your meal based on the
1	No No No... spray tan check.... bleach blonde hair check....Nasty food check...will I be back check....Hell No..    I would not have went had it not been for business... You have got to be kidding me? Try looking at the parking lots next door at all the other places that should tell you something
3	Beer selection is garbage. Typical bar food. The waitstaff is a bunch of grenades. Only gets 3 stars cause of NFL Sunday ticket.. Oh and it's a Steelers bar. FAIL
2	Ok so I just created a profile so I could write down my experience tonight.  I have been going to Bikini's for a while now and the food has been Ok.  Tonight was a different story. I ordered takeout and the person taking my order on the phone didn't even take my name down.  When I got there  the girl at the bar was very nice.I got home with my food and found out there was no queso that was supposed to come with my blackened fish taco meal.  My boyfriend also got no barbecue sauce on his BBQ Cheddar Burger, we paid the extra .79 to get crispy onion strings on his burger and there were just about none on it.  I wasn't really mad at all of this until we started eating the Loaded Tots and I found a hair in it.  I was absolutely disgusted!!  I do not think I will be going back to bikini's after tonights screw-ups.
1	Whew! I was worried my review wouldn't mean much since I was a female patron, but I'm glad I'm not the only one who thought the food was less-than-meh. I actually didn't know they were going to be wearing bikini tops, even though it's the name of the place. No problem I just felt awkward because we had a four year old with us, oops. I was with a friend and a little boy, and between my vegetable-less steak salad, the kid's chicken tenders, and the nachos... it was almost inedible. One of our waitresses was hot and the other girls I saw were kind of cute. So there you go. One star for the smiles. Service was eh. Maybe just come here for beer and bikinis?
2	FAIL.  Something made my stomach uncomfortable.  My buddy's food didn't look good either.  There are some cute girls that work here but I probably won't be back unless its just for beer.  I went to the bathroom and saw most of the staff at the table playing cards.  I don't think they care much.
1	This place is a dump. VAPID waitresses and overpriced food. I'm fine paying high dollar for high quality food, but $16 for some crappy bar food?! No thanks. I'd rather go to Taco Mac or Cheddars across the street. The Hooters-esque concept seems fun- chicks in bikinis.....but NO. Don't be deceived. The employees are mostly college drop outs from UNCC who have sold their soul to xanax and alcohol....I know because some of them are my former classmates. I've heard of people waiting 2-3 hours here because the waitress could not figure out how to split a check. I never recommend this place to anyone. Some better options within a .05 mile radius are Taco Mac, Cheddars, Zapatas and especially Boardwalk Billys.
3	The food is so - so, but this is not a place to come for the food.Its more about the  beer and the servers walking around in their bikinis.Lots of TV, lots of dudes.. I guess we are all here for the wings... NOT..
1	Went here for a friends birthday party.  Will never go here of my own choice.  The food is edible.  I believe the prices are ridiculous.  You actually have to pay more money to have fries with your burger really????  All food orders went in at same time but all came out of different times.  The last 2 plates coming out over an hour and a half after ordering.  Took 30 minutes to get a simple salad.
1	Went back to Bikinis today with the boys to watch some football. I guess I should have ordered the same thing but ordered a mushroom swiss burger instead. Well, how much should I bet that it was a cheap frozen patty? It was tough, tasteless and over cooked. I didn't finish my burger; I never not finish my food but my stomach was sending me messages that if I try to finish that so-called burger, it will punish me greatly. So I have to drop a star for food downgrade. Next downgrade... price.$8.50 burger didn't come with anything, not even the lousy chips. I had to add $2 for fries? Lastly, while the service was acceptable, I found it weird that waitresses would take turns sitting down and chilling in the booth behind me with this guy playing Jenga. Mind you, the place was at about 50% capacity in the bar area, as in it's not like we're the only table and they therefore could just chill.  And how about the female bartender who exemplifies a true, loud & obnoxious Steelers fan snapping at the male patrons? Maybe that's the appeal but it's definitely not for me.
4	First time eating at Bikinis, and it was just what I thought.  Young ladies in bikinis serving food.   Nothing new.  Came with my bro in law for lunch.  He had the patty melt and I had the fish tacos.The tacos were actually decent, though a little under-filled.  The plate came with tortilla chips and a side of cheese sauce.  The patty melt was ok, but nothing special.  Brittany the waitress was very polite and checked in on us regularly, while Michaela, who brought us our food was very pleasant as well.  Overall, food and service were good one u get past the whole theme.
