5	Great pizza at a great cost, Pizza Shack's uniquely sweet sauce is what keeps me coming back, and everyone who I've recommended them to agrees.  Highly recommended. No eating in, and very strange hours, however.
1	Their unique "sweet sauce" is what keeps me from eating there. If you want sugar on your pizza then this is the pizza for you. I think I'll pass.
5	I've been "hooked" on the shack for more than 30 years.  I live in No VA but raised in pitt.  Pizza is very light.  Order a large square (16 cuts) and eat more than half!!  I ALWAYS stop here when returning to pitt. It's crazy pizza.  Pre-cooked shells,  topped with a unique  sauce that is indeed a bit sweet and shop graded mozzarella / provolone and i suspect a bit of cheddar.  This pizza has managed to have a strong So. Hills following for more than 35 years.  What does this say?  Check it out.
5	Best pizza ever...Trust me, it's worth the drive and planning around their limited hours.
5	I love this pizza. If you like sweet sauce then you need to try this pizza.
4	First of all, this is not a traditional pizza. If you like a sweet sauce and crispy crust, this place is for you. They also use a crumbly sausage that is great. I have been getting this pizza for over 25 years and it is always consistent. You will either love it or hate it, nothing in between. Just remember, they have limited hours, no delivery, serve only pizza, take out only..... And they have still stayed in business for over 25 years. That has to say something about the pizza.Unfortunately, they have really funny hours. That is the only reason I gave them four stars.
5	I am in love with this pizza! I wish they had better hours though. I look forward to this Wednesday just so I can get another pizza! If you aren't a fan of sweet sauce, this is not the pizza for you. I love the sweetness of this sauce. Definitely a must have in Pittsburgh!
4	I live no more than 5 minutes away from this place and only tried it for the first time last night. They have extremely odd hours. Thursday, Friday and Saturday 4-930. Even if you arrive at 4, expect a wait. This place gets PACKED and busy fast. I heard about this place for a while now and have been meaning to try it- but the hours threw me off. Well now I see what the fuss is all about! My mom went to get the pizza last night. She arrived around 6 and as she has been told in the past , there would be a long wait or she could take the pizza and bake it at home. Rather than wait an hour when she was hungry, she brought the pizza to be baked at our house. You bake at 425 degrees for about 15 minutes . When I first saw the pizza, I noticed that it is a square pizza which I usually dislike. Not anymore. This pizza was amazing. We ordered just the plain pizza and it did not lack in flavor. The crust was unlike anything I've ever had in a pizza- light, flaky, not so filling and overwhelming like a lot of crusts. The sauce was sweet and packed with flavor. You can taste that it's homemade and that the tomatoes are fresh. The cheese was awesome- mozzarella and provolone I believe. Amazing. After having 4 pieces,  I didn't feel uncomfortably full, I felt satisfied which is a much better feeling. I would love to give this place 5 stars, but there odd hours and the fact that they were closed 2 Thursdays in a row without as much as a sign on the door prevents me from doing so.
5	Pizza Shack is a Pittsburgh institution. It's not in the heart of the city, but off 51 in the South Hills. It's easy to pass by without a second glance, especially because it is closed most of the time.Call ahead for a pizza, and it's guaranteed that (if they're open) they're very busy at any time of night. I recommend ordering a plain pizza, but all of the toppings I have tried are pretty good too. Plain just hits the perfect balance of flavour, in my opinion. When you come to pick it up, sometimes you can grab a chat with the owners, who are friendly and quirky to talk to.The pizza comes as a square. Some of the pieces have crust, others do not. The crust it crispy and almost like a dense pastry, but the sauce is sweet like stewed tomatoes and jam... or something like that. Just try it. It's so worth it.
