5	It is every girl's worst nightmare...finding a new hairstylist. I have been faced with this daunting task for a couple of months now. After asking for peer references, I was referred to Ally at Saskia. I quickly made an appointment and am so glad I did! The salon itself has only been open for a short time. The decor is comforting, the ambiance relaxing and all staff members are very friendly. At the risk of sounding dated, I have learned that a business that provides good customer service is certainly one worth returning to. I was also appreciative of the Audrey Hepburn movies playing in the back room :)Ally was a delight and obviously very good at what she does. After doing a quick initial meeting, we got to work on fixing my starved-for-attention hair. I have very thick and finicky hair--this seemed to be no problem for my new fabulous stylist. After my partial highlight and cut, I happily paid my bill knowing that it was well worth the services rendered. Looking forward to my next appointment at this up and coming salon!
5	I too have recently moved to Arizona and was more worried about finding hair dresser and nail tech than doctors. I found Ally, and she is a find!!
5	I have been going to Saskia as a hair dresser for over 7 years. I was so excited to see her new salon. It's so nice inside. The decor is like Z Gallerie meets Cosmo Magazine. I go to Saskia for full blonde highlights, haircuts and brow waxing. She is amazing. The salon offers complimentary coffee (bonus) and plays good music.I love the art gallery in the back. It rotates often, featuring all local artists. In my opinion, Saskia Salon provides great service at a chic, easy-to-find location.
5	There is no way I can go back to one of those cost cutter/great clips places after coming to Saskia. After the first color/ cut I saw my hair for more than hair. She works with your style and helps you get creative with your hair. Red is not an easy color and since I've been going here I get non-stop complements on my color and style. I would highly recommend
5	Even my husband commented on how much he liked my hair and he NEVER DOES THAT!  Do you need a new stylist?  Run, don't walk, to see Ally!  She truly performed a miracle on me.  Great color and highlights and such a easy cut it practically styles itself.  Salon is in a great location.  Easy to get to and find.  Tons of parking too.  Very clean, well kept and stylish.  Great front desk gal too.  This salon has that high end feel without horrible high end prices.  Treat yourself and come out feeling like a new person!
5	Best experience ever! Love the salon, friendly staff, very comfortable and cozy. Blair was great! She did a beautiful job, I love my hair cut! I will be back when I need my hair cut again.
5	Saskia has been doing my hair since I was 13...I'm 23 now. I've worked at two high end salons in Scottsdale and Ive never had someone do my hair better than Saskia. She is fabulous but also very down to earth. Everyone that I recommend to her becomes her regular...my boyfriend, my little sister, my mom, my best friend...everyone! Her team is professional and very welcoming and I always have so much fun when I go to see her. For me she does hair highlights, extensions and a great haircut! No one ever knows I have extensions! She also uses great products and even helped me discover an eyelash serum that made my eyelash grow like crazy! Saskia and her team are the best, I would suggest her to anyone!**They also have other services like nails. Its a one stop beauty destination :)
5	I have been going to Saskia for 9 years.  She does the best color on the planet hands down, and her pricing is really reasonable.  I went to over a dozen different high end hairstylists before I found her.  The color never fades for me, and she always gets it all the way to the root.  It is always perfect.  Blair is also awesome if Saskia is booked.  Saskia also did my wedding hair, and I have sent every friend I could over to her.  They are amazing, and it is a really fun environment.  I can also tell you that they are all extremely nice people that work there.
5	Saskia Salon is still my go-to for almost 3 years now. In the time I have been a client, I have gone through multiple (and radical) style/color changes, enjoyed my sister's wedding day with a BEAUTIFUL do and also learned how to manage my crazy hair. Ally is a true talent in her industry. It has been lovely getting to know Saskia, the other stylists and staff. I trust them completely with my hair and also enjoy a mani/pedi with Ally when my color is setting. Saskia Salon, you complete me :)
5	My godsister introduced me to this wonderfully talented to woman years ago and I must say she is truly an inspiration.   Let me get the obvious part out of the way:  Saskia and her entire team are among best in the business.  Saskia's career is rooted in high end salon experience.  She, and now her team of glamazons, are the only ones I trust with my blonde hair.The entire staff at Saskia Salon are always on their A game.  They just get it.  The gals and Corey are always looking their best.  They are always upbeat and full of energy - because they know they are a part of something special.While I hate to share my secret about this wonderful salon, it would be an injustice not to give this talented team the recognition they deserve.
5	I found this place here on yelp and I was like why not give it a try I went there on a Saturday ready to get hair died for the first time, I got Tess who was amazing!!! I loved the way the color came out so I went in to get more color and I love my hair more than ever! I definitely recommend coming here to try it out!
5	We just had the best experience with Tess at Saskia's!!! My daughter wanted her haircut desperately. We looked up salons on Yelp, and Saskia had great reviews.  I called and by luck they could get her in.  Tess was great. My daughter had 8 inches of hair cut off and loves her new hair cut.  I would definitely recommend this salon and Tess!
5	I have been going to Tess for nearly a year now. She has done a fantastic job keeping me up with the latest haircuts. I definitely recommend anyone looking for Men's cuts to see Tess!
5	Went to Saskia Salon for the first time today. My hair stylist of 10 years moved and I was a bit nervous about going to someone new. I called to make an appointment and they got me in the next day. I didn't have any one particular stylist in mind, so I was schedule with Tess. She is a very sweet girl. She knew what she was talking about and explained what she was doing every step of the way. I love my cut and will definitely be back for my color in a couple weeks. Thanks again for the great experience.
5	A friend recommended this salon to me, as I am from out of state and have had a hard time finding a good hair stylist in the Phoenix area. I am so glad she told me about this salon, and more specifically, Blaire. Blaire does an amazing job and is super sweet and outgoing. I wanted to see change in my hair color and she nailed it! She really listens to what you are asking for and is efficient with her time. The salon is nicely decorated, very clean, all staff members are extremely friendly, and they use great products. VERY reasonably priced and would definitely recommend to others!
5	I have known Ally at Saskia Salon for many years. Ally recently did my hair and it was fabulous!! She is so talented and up to date on all the latest trends. They have a wonderful line of hair products which I highly recommend. Go enjoy a day of beauty by Ally or anyone on their team!
