4	I love to buy locally when I can. I asked the owner of True Brew where they get their beans and lo! I was directed to Passport Coffee & Tea. Passport has finally given me a place to snag espresso beans without ordering them from my old haunt in Santa Clara. Passport Coffee and Tea is a tiny, unassuming space tucked in the Scottsdale Airpark neighborhood. This family-owned shop is mostly devoted to retail goods, but the woman working when we stopped in offered us each a glass of one of their iced tea blends. It was pretty tasty too!They have separate menus for coffee and tea. Not everything is out on the floor, so be certain you take a peek at these as you might miss something good! In addition to their own coffee and tea blends, they carry a few large brands (like Numi) as well as accessories (thermometers, double walled glasses, timers, et cetera). Passport is a little one stop shop of caffeinated delight. My only gripe is the hours. They are only open during business hours during the week. However, you can order from them online as well, or bribe a friend to pick up your beans if you can't play hooky to get your fix.
5	One of my favorite restaurants, Chez Vous in Scottsdale Arizona, serves Passport Coffee.  It was so good the other day that I had to know where they got it.  I will be ordering my own stash for home use, and will update this review after I git my hands on it!
5	Shopping for coffee at this place for last 2-3 years, never was disappointed and may be even got spoil with good quality coffee and teas, if you like great coffee go there
4	Passport has really great coffee. If you like flavored coffee they have a huge selection. My personal favorite so far is the vanilla nut.  I recently tried the pumpkin spice, I will say it did not have very much pumpkin flavoring. But all the other flavors I tried I have loved.
5	I heard About passport from true foods.. I love their green tea and their coffee and they told me they get it here for all the fc restaurants. I now get all of my coffee and tea from here, they have a huge selection of every kind you can imagine and the staff is always helpful in helping me choose something new. Support local and get coffee that is way fresher than you would get at the grocery store. Once you try this place you won't get your coffee anywhere else
5	Passport is amazing! They are a small local company that produces teas and coffees served at Pita Jungle and other local restaurants. The store is located in a office building hidden off the main road. This is because their retail store is in the front of their main office where all the tea and coffee is made. The store had 20+ different tea flavors available in three different sizes (100g tin, 200g bag or 1lb bag). Their prices are very reasonable, especially if you get a larger bag. I paid around $16 for a pound of the kiwi strawberry green tea sold a Pita Jungle. 1 pound of tea at a place like Teavana would cost over twice as much! The lady who helped me was great. She was knowledge about all the teas and gave me great suggestions on flavors to try. She even had someone custom make a black tea version of their blackberry jasmine green tea which wasn't even on the menu! The only downside to Passport is their hours. They're only open 8:00 - 4:30 Monday through Friday. Once you stop in this will make sense as its connected to their main office and they probably don't do a whole lot of retail sales. I'm still giving this place 5 stars due to their low pricing, great tasting tea and great customer service.
5	Love this place! Fox restaurants serve their coffee, so you can try it at one of those. I always get the espresso roasts and even the decaf espresso was better than expected when I was preggo. You can call ahead or order online too.
5	Mmmm! I had their passionfruit tea at Pita Jungle and drove out and bought a pound of it to bring back to San Francisco, it was that good.
5	Enjoyed Passport's freshly brewed java at Dimi Espresso, in Payson recently.  We then bought a pound o' beans to take home.  Just got to them this week.  Freshly ground and roasted in our semi-pro espresso machine, Passport is easily amongst the top five brews that have come out of our machine in the past 10 years!  The espresso is strong, full bodied, ultra (and I truly mean ULTRA) smooth, with no hint of bitterness, and just the right amount of brightness.  Truly a perfect cup o' brew.  If only we could bring Passport to San Antonio, Tejas.  OVERALL: STELLAR.  VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
