4	Had a tight connection at the airport in Phoenix.  I was starving and quickly purchased one of the daily specials - Thai chicken panang.  It was spicy and delicious.  Definitely tasted like fast food, but in a fantastic way.  Stayed hot for a while, which was great because I was standing in line to board and didn't get to eat until I was on the plane.  The gentleman who took my order was very friendly, and offered suggestions on what to order.  Pretty good for fast food, and decent price for airport food! :)
4	$3 seems like a lot for a side of edamame, but it fills the container. They give you the option of steaming it as well. As for the main dish, I had the orange chicken bowl, which included rice, broccoli and some carrot strips. Now, typically, the orange chicken I get from other places consists of a sweet orange-colored glaze. Not so at Yoshi's. You can taste the the real orange flavor very easily. It's not overpowering but it definitely adds a nice flavor that I now know I've been missing.
1	Very sad food quality here.  The yoshi in central Phoenix is phenomenal, but this airport location is nor worth anyone's time.
2	I was on my way back from Orlando and had a layover in Phoenix.  The flight was delayed, so it was time to fill my belly with food.  I opted for Asian food since I was eating theme park food all weekend.  I ended up with the Mongolian beef over rice and an egg roll.  The egg roll was ok.  But the sauce for the Mongolian beef was way too salty.  And there was a lot of sauce, so its not like I could just push it to the side and just eat the rice.  My mouth just felt so dry the rest of the night.  If you decide to get this, ask for less sauce or sauce on the side.
3	Starving with a quick connection, I was happy to grab an avocado & inari sushi tray to go. Quality was okay for packaged sushi, price wasn't terrible ($6.55). The cashier was friendly and I was glad to have an option besides eggs & meat for breakfast.
3	I have tried the teriyaki chicken bowl and the orange chicken.... Both are bland... Think blender then Panda Express... But it's still feels healthier then Wendy's or the other junk at the airport
4	For airport Chinese food this is the way ro go. Never too much sauce and veggies are always crunchy and fresh unlike other places that serve up soggy sat in sauce all day bowls.
1	i ordered the orange chicken and it was just gross.  im no expert on westernized chinese food but i dont think you are suppose to make orange chicken with black soy sauce.  how about a little sweet sauce? just a little? so gross
1	Stopped here on a layover. Wanted to try something different than the normal fast food places. Ordered Mongolian beef, which was WAY too salty... The broc was under cooked and the chow mein just tasted like spaghetti! Don't go here!
1	Not great...seriously dumbed down Chinese.  Okay I get it, not a lot of Chinese or Asian come through Phoenix on a layover compared to the rest of the population.  But really?!  Their version of chow mein is cup o' noodles with some other sauce on it.  They are very soggy and had no depth to them at all.  A microwave could have made this stuff.  The orange chicken was hard and over battered and...that's it.  I'm surprised this place isn't called Oriental Food, cause they have no clue on what is what here.
1	Edible is the best I can muster.
3	I had a short layover in Phoenix and was hungry. I looked at the food options and wasn't really intrigued by any of them. I wanted quick & cheap, but I didn't want fat & greasy.I noticed Yoshi's Asian Grill. After looking over the menu and toss around the idea of maybe eating someplace else, I decided to go ahead and order a shrimp tempura roll.I took about 5 minutes before it was ready. I couldn't see the person preparing it since the kitchen is in the back. It looked decent and didn't taste too bad. Better than I would have anticipated from airport sushi anyway. But sushi connoisseurs would still turn their noses up. Definitely not the best in terms of quality.If I happen to be in the Phoenix Airport again, I can't say I'd be anxious to eat here a 2nd time. It's not a bad place, but it's definitely not great. At best, it's perhaps a quick fix for your Japanese cravings if you're caught between flights and you simply MUST have something.
3	Not a bad option if you are starving at the PHX airport. Ordered the Chicken Lo Mein. The vegetables tasted fresh, the chicken was white meat and the service was kind.
