1	I have been to Franky & Benny's before - normally I find them A-OK; nothing much to write home about in the general sense, but occasionally some great dishes (anything with Italian herb potatoes was a good shout) and decent value for a chain Italian.However this visit to this location really let the whole side down. Wow. The day after Boxing Day, it was of course busy with shoppers hitting the sales or folk like us popping in for a bite to eat before a festive-season movie. However you'd be forgiven for thinking the staff had never seen it busy before - I find that hard to believe in a location is central as the Omni Centre in Edinburgh. The kitchen (where we were seated near to) seemed to be struggling to get dishes out, whilst the waiting staff stood about seemly unable to realise that their customers were experiencing some of the worst service they had seen in ages.Admittedly, our service was not terrible - they did get our food out quickly, but it took an age to take our initial order, and trying to get the attention of any passing waiter for the bill took 20 minutes in itself. I was extremely close to missing our movie so was tempted to simply leave an estimated amount. When the food did come, it was a mixture of overcooked and not-too-bad-actually. Meh indeed.But we were surrounded by groups having a far worse time than us. The mother and daughter beside us had been waiting for their appetisers when we arrived, and were still waiting on their main when we left over an hour later. At least they received a number of apologies, which is more than can be said for the group of 4 in front of me. They had actually got up to leave when their main courses finally showed up; they sat back down to eat but were none too happy about the situations. I obviously can't speak for F&B's in terms of saying what was causing all the issues, but the staff didn't seem particularly bothered enough to stop standing around chatting to one another by the tills, avoiding eye contact from the unhappy patrons.Must do better.
2	Well, if you comps this place to both American and Italian restaurants, this F&B's can hardly compete against them. After having few pizzas and seafood, it was clear that F&B tries to compromise between these two kitchen styles without succeeding in neither. There are definitely better pizza & pasta places out there, and seafood seemed to be typical frozen stuff that food industry is pushing into home freezers. In summary, the food we had was nothing special that I would not be able to cook myself. Regretting that we ate in this place as there were better places nearby.
2	Expensive food. Below average service. I stopped into Frankie & Benny's for a mid-evening dinner and I have to say that I walked away pretty unimpressed. When I came through the door no one was there to greet or seat me. After about a minute of standing around like an idiot, I was just about to turn around and walk out when the bartender actually came out of the bar to reluctantly seat me. How nice of him to do that, but somehow don't think that is how it's supposed to go. Anyway, after sitting down I order an appetiser and a soft drink while attempting to connect to their "free wifi". After a few minutes of fiddling around with it, I realise that they want not only my email but a password and login I.D. in order to get the wifi service. Annoying. But, because I got the feeling I would be there a while, I give in and do it. And the wifi was slow and unresponsive. Of course.  The appetiser was garlic and cheese bread. It was good. The dinner was a calzone. That was good as well. The time needed to get those items? Over an hour. Yikes! I've got time for dinner, but not 2-3 hours for it. *Just a side note: They were NOT busy. Not to delve into too many details, this was by far my most expensive meal while in Edinburgh. And not nearly good enough service or food to justify the expense. Also, this place had a very corporate/cookie-cutter restaurant atmosphere, which doesn't feel authentic Italian or New York at all. Not that I actually expected that. I cannot see a scenario where I would come back and eat here. I certainly would not recommend Frankie & Benny's to any of my friends either. In fact, they would laugh at me if they knew I went here.
