4	My friend and I went here when I came to visit him in Phoenix and it's one of his fave mexican joints to eat at. They have a really cool bar area and two huge big screen tv's featuring the latest sports event (phoenix suns game when i was there). The drinks are pretty good, we had some beer and girly drinks (strawberry margarita and mojitos) which tasted not so bad and the fresh chips and salsa were kept us from going hungry while we waited for our actual food (the service is really slow). I had some chicken taquitos and shrimp tacos were which came with rice and lettuce. I thought the food was pretty good, but I don't know how authentic it is. I'd still go here again as long as I had some friends with me
3	Two and a half stars. Macayo's is the bastard child of a well intentioned tex-mex kitchen with a TGI Friday's.I've never really been a fan of tex-mex in comparison with the genuine article, but even for tex-mex standards Macayo's falls somewhere between "blah" and "ew." The only forgivable reason I can conjure up to spend a significant amount of time here would be in a large group, maybe with your whole softball team, to kick back and eat brightly colored chips with bland salsa and sip on reasonably priced margaritas. Outside of that, I wouldn't recommend it.
4	While to some folks its less "authentic" vibe is a problem, to me it's perfect.  I have taken several folks here, who are not originally from Arizona and had never liked Mexican food, and they leave here liking mexican food.  To a girl who could eat Mexican food 5 times a week and not get tired of it, getting my family and friends to like Mexican food with me is VERY important.  While some of them have evolved to other things, for others this remains one of their favorite spots - with their Chimi's always being a #1 pick.Maybe it's just me, but I like a little kitch now and then.  Bring on the chili lights strung around a fake cactus.  It's a ploy to make it seem safe to the gringos.  Just like the food.  Nothing to spicy.  Nothing to scary.  We're all here to have a good time.  See the funny stuff on the wall?  We're your friends.The bar area can get super packed.  And for Cinco de Mayo it's just crazy.  If you don't want to be squished on the dance floor, the only way to do it is to go early because by mid-happy hour the place is packed.  And the DJ's have been a bit hit or miss.  Some of them have played some great stuff, but others.... not so bueno.
2	Walking into Macayo's is like entering a buffet restaurant in a Vegas casino. Tacky, tacky, tacky. Loud wall paper. Lots of different rooms. And the people. Oh, the people! Men in Hawaiian shirts or local team jerseys. Women with big hair and lots of screaming kids. Staff is usually quick to greet and really quite friendly. Standard Mexican fare is widely available. Stick to the combo platters and you may leave happy. The carnitas entree is a sad clump of dry pork...gee, I think that's the same thing my Uncle Larry said of his third ex wife. Anyhoo, the chile con queso is quite yummy and actually not on the menu. You have to ask for it. Served with a variety of blue, yellow and red corn chips, the dippin is fun and filling. The guacamole is pretty good although it seems there's a little filler in there therefore the avocado flavor suffers a bit. I really like the mini chicken chimichangas. The minis, not the regular sized. The latter are a bit tough and big and hard enough to use as a door stopper. Macayo's is a family owned, famous Phoenix restaurant landmark. The Central Ave. location happens to be in my hood and sometimes the convience outweighs the dee-lish factor. My recommendation is two shots of chilled Patron before the food and everything seems better. Hola and adios!
4	I don't normally go to restaurants looking for an "authentic Mexican" or an "authentic Italian" flavor, although I'll note it if I find it.  What I'm looking for is good taste, and on my 2 visits to Macayo's  when I was in Phoenix, I found it.On my first visit, I had a very tasty two tacos, beans, and rice.  On my second, I had the enchilada sampler.  This latter was not entirely my taste, although I still thought it was good quality.I have been to quite a number of Mexican places around the San Francisco area, and this was my first experience at Mexican food in Arizona.  I was quite pleased with the food here--and I got a LOT of it.  For what it lacked in "traditional" or "authentic", it made up for in flavor and meal size.  The decor at Macayo's was a bit loud, but not unlike some of the other Mexican places I've been to.This is a great place for good single, couple, or family dining.  Give it a try and taste for yourself.
3	It's like Denny's but Mexican.Food is salty, which makes it good.Chips are okMargarita's were greatAtmosphere reminded me of a bad Miami Vice episode shot in Mexico.  Not a bad experience, but definitely better choices out there.
3	I was intrigued by the cool looking architecture of the restaurant, and decided to give it a shot, since I enjoyed the meal at the Tempe Macayo's. Because Central is under construction, it was a bitch to get to, but once I made it, there was ample parking (probably because nobody wanted to brave the construction). I had a green chili burrito and a carne asada taco combo, which came with rice and beans. The chips are good quality, and excellent salsa. Not too runny, not too chunky. Kinda like Goldilocks....I had a couple reasonably priced Nergo Modelo's during dinner. The Taco was the best part of the meal. Hard shell and fresh, ample amount of cheese, tomato, and lettuce piled up on top. The atmosphere is your typical Mexican Cantina, with festive colors of green and red and yellow. I'd definitely give it another go-around, but probably swing by the Tempe location.
5	I think most people are to hard on Macayo's.  The great thing about Phoenix is that there is so many great mexican food places, so sometimes Macayos gets the shaft.  The thing is they are good.  The salsa and chips are very good, in fact by the end of dinner we usually go through 2 bowls.  My favorite appitizers are the Red Corn Chicken Taquitos.  These are fantastic!  They are chicken taquitos topped with Baja sauce.  I really like most of their dishes, but my favorite is the chicken poblano.  It is a poblano stuffed with shredded chicken, fried and topped with relleno sauce and baja sauce.  I highly recommend it.  I live in California, where the mexican food is sub par at best.  I can't wait to go back to Macayo's and stuff myself.
1	I don't even know where to begin to point out all the sucks about Macayo's.. they have NO redeeming qualities about them. Greasy chips, tasteless watery salsa and horrible food!We ate at this location twice and both times we ordered the mini chimi's which BOTH times came to the table frozen in the middle! Uhg! Most learn from their mistakes, not here.. they make the same mistakes and obviously don't care enough to try to make things right.  Both entree's were served to us at room temperature. Chicken Quesadailla and the Baja Enchilada. If you want to have decent Mexican food please, go somewhere else! For this style of food I think I would prefer Carlos O'briens.
4	Oh man, am I the only one who loves Macayo's??  They have great chips that are always served extremely quickly, and delicious salsa that they will readily fill back up.  Whenever my coworker and I feel like eating fatty, unhealthy food, we always go there for the Baja Burro - oh my gosh...so good!  It is a burrito, filled with either chicken, steak or shrimp, covered in baja sauce and cheese.  Its freaking delicious!  You can also get a bean and cheese burrito Baja Style if you choose and they will add all of this deliciousness to your bean and cheeser.I want to go for happy hour and try their new watermelon and honeydew margs because those sound delish.  Anyway, I totally recommend this place for a quick lunch, I've never been disappointed and never left even remotely hungry.  In fact, most times I feel I need a wheelchair.
3	I've had different experiences at this Macayo's.  It was hard to give the amount of stars on this one.  All times I have eaten a meal at Macayo's, the food has arrived in 8 minutes or less of when I ordered-- this is really great for lunch on M-F when I dine here on work days.  I've had a few lunch meetings here and we were able to get seated quickly and hold a conversation at a normal level, so that is good too.  It's not too loud and the restaurant is large enough to find better seating should you not be satisfied. My last dinner here was not so good as lunch.  I had the fajitas and they were just off, not right.  Can't pinpoint exactly what was wrong with them but I will probably never order them again.  I'll stick with my taco salad and try not to eat the bowl, Do you know how hard it is to not gobble that greasy taco salad bowl?  It's hard.
1	I have put off writing this review for so long because the memories of my experience there are so ugly that I needed weeks to recover. It was my Aunt's birthday and she _loves_ Macayo's. I went along begrudgingly and the results were terrifying.As a Phoenix native, I've known Macayo's on Central for decades. Its unique facade emulates the style of some grand Guatemalan Mayan temple, but... no, not really. And what is it that you want when you see pictures of Machu Picchu or of Tikal? You want to climb the steps, to _go in_. In the case of Macayo's, you must resist this urge with all your might.The main entrance is from the back and is true to form in the Egyptian style. A post and lintel rectangular opening leads to a long narrow hallway slightly sloped which opens to an antechamber branching off to the splendorous caverns within. Um. Except this article is about _food_, not a history of architecture lecture! Bleh.As is my custom I order a cheese crisp straight off; I'm allergic to corn so the endless bowls of hardened, impervious-to-rot corn chips (see pic) just repel me. After the pushy (more on that later) waitress scurries off I notice my fork (see the picture) and realize that with the caked-on food, this place might be cutting corners on lots of stuff, namely that the tortillas might be so cheap that they are the type to be sprinkled with corn starch to keep them from sticking to each other. The waitress returns and I ask her to please check the ingredient list for the tortillas for corn starch. A few minutes later she returns with the label torn from the tortilla bag and says that without her glasses she cannot read the list. I'm not joking when I say that the list goes on as long as this paragraph. Chemical after chemical, non-food food after non-food food. And then there right in the middle is corn starch, corn meal, corn flour and corn syrup. In FLOUR tortillas! I immediately canceled my order for the cheese crisp and resolved not to place a single bite of anything into my mouth. "Was the water bad too?" I wondered.I'm not sure where it started, but Tex-Mex goers have come to expect the attentive busboys to continually flit about filling and refilling bowls of corn chips and salsa. Macayo's sets the standard. It seemed the bowls dropped every few seconds as my family devoured them while waiting for the birthday girl to show. The salsa was gloopy (again with the pic) and might have had something added to the mix after it was poured from a gigantic vat, but I doubt it. My sensible companion said it didn't taste fresh at all.The birthday girl was almost 45 minutes late. After 40 minutes we discussed among us just ordering anyway. We decided to order, except that our decision quickly became an argument with the waitress who insisted that we wait for her. Um, whoa! Is this really happening to me? I must be in some kind of Mayan burial temple, I'm dead, and my servants and family were buried with me along with food and I'm going to be here for the next thousand years until someone decrypts the secret book and inserts the starfish-shaped key into the stony entrance to free my evil spirit back on the world.  AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!! Yes, I loved the Mummy movies.But back to our pushy waitress. After the family tried over and over, unsuccessfully, to cajole me into ordering something, anything, we waited for the results. You'll have to see the pictures.You know you're in a nightmare of menu hell when an item's description has to change languages from English in order to accurately describe its content. The average speaker uses something like 20,000 words regularly and you can't even find a few to accurately or even poetically describe this item? The steak was described with being covered in a spinach queso sauce (see pic). Those two words had to have been taken straight off the labels of the two cans that were dumped into a warming pot to create this sauce. Think nacho cheesy, oil and corn starch and that lovely orangey-yellow coloring. Disgusting.My brother ordered a taco plate (see pic) and made the mistake of trying to bite into the taco shell with his teeth. This item should have come with a disclaimer and a hammer. Envision eating crab but with the shell still on it. He gave up quickly and dug out the innards with his fork, snail style. Macayo's should stick to their success like some cornstarch-less badly made stack of tortillas, namely large-scale manufactured canned foods sold to those who still think Phoenix is a town of rolling tumbleweeds and cowboys. Let them fantasize about questing to Phoenix and entering the secret Mayan temple to discover the secrets within. They can release my tormented soul from the hell that is Macayo's.
1	I am not sure why people like this place.  I have tried several locations and have dis-liked them all.  If I don't like a place I don't usually give it a second chance but  because I like to support local businesses and so many people rave about Macayo's I did try several locations.  Everyone says the one off of Mill Ave is good.  But I have wasted enough money at their restaurants.  It boggles my mind how a chain of such low quality can exist.  Any one of the numerous Mexican restaurants usually ending with "o's" is better than this place.  The reason they have big margarita's is to distract you from the horrible food and hope after you get over your hangover the margarita is all you remember. Everything I have tasted is bland and seems like it came out of a can.  This chain helps perpetuate the stereotype of Mexican food being of low quality.  I am Mexican-American and used to changing people's mindset when I have them over for dinner.The only nice quality of this location is the building is unique it looks like a mesoamerican  pyramid.
3	Macayo's is "greasy spoon" Mexican food at its finest! It's certainly not the best I've ever had, but not the worst either. I think their lunch specials are good and the happy hour is a deal!!!CHIMI FIESTA! Chimichanga de Macayo $6.99Chicken or Beef Chimichanga covered with relleno sauce & sour cream. Side of rice or beans. Dos Equis XX draft for just $3.75Upon being seated, enjoy the complimentary tortilla chips. Comes with salsa, queso and bean dip. Great starter!
2	What happened to you?This place, specifically this Macayo's, used to be so good when I was a kid. I came back here last weekend and I was so disappointed. Everything about this place just seemed way sloppier than how it used to be.Essentially, Macayo's is one of the staple eateries of Phoenix. It's like a bastard cousin of Garcia's (RIP). It's the typical Americanized Mexican food, nothing too spicy but plenty of taste and it's heavy too. It's true though what the reviews have described it as: a Mexican TGI Friday's or Denny's.It's so sad to see Macayo's in the state. It's like that girl you used to think was cute when you were in junior high... but then you bumped into her a few days ago at the grocery store and she looks worn out in every sense of the word after surviving through four kids and three divorces. C'mon, Macayo's! Take care of yourself!
1	The margs were watery and low on the alcohol.  The server treated my mother ( yes my MOTHER) like she was from outer space and water went empty more times than a trip across the desert.  Never been to another macayos but not gonna try after that visit.
4	There are certain places that are like an old friend.  That is how I feel about going to this location of Macayos.The food isn't the best Mexican food in the valley but it is consistent.  I can say that, I've been eating there since they opened this location.  I happen to like the type of Mexican food they serve.  I have no problem with ground beef as opposed to the  shredded beef they serve at other places that gets under my bridgework and drives me nuts.I can't tell you much about the drinks which seem important to many people.  The strongest I do is cranberry juice with actual lime juice which the actually remember to do when I ask for it at Macayos.  Cranberry juice with a few crushed limes doesn't do it for me.  I used the brain God gave me and stopped drinking alcohol years ago but I still like something at least with some flavor...It is a good place to take friends when you just want to have a pleasant meal and talk.  Consistently, the wait staff is pretty jovial and most have been there for awhile.  The interior is in keeping with this same laid back attitude.  It isn't fancy but who is going to eat the interior?
3	The first time I went to a Macayo's, I was with my best friend and we were like 10 years old.  Needless to say, it's been a while since I last ate at one of their locations, and my tastes have expanded...slightly.  The husband and I came here one weekend at like 2 so it was fairly dead inside.  We were seated in the weird as can be bar area and were inundated with cheap looking hookers writhing around on a beach on the TVs.  Not the best accompaniment for Mexican food in my opinion.Anyway, I went off their new Mex and Match portion of the menu.  It's a great option for those of you who want to try more than one thing or aren't really sure what to get.  The options are all reasonably priced too, staying well under 10 bucks.  I got a cheese enchilada and a beef tamale with refried beans.  The tamale was very tasty and the beef inside was very good.  The enchilada, I was not too impressed.  The cheese was bland and there were lots of onions in it.  Eww.  The red sauce on top was pretty tame, even for a lightweight like me.Honestly, I won't be back.  I don't really care for Mexican food, but if I'm in the mood, I think I will go somewhere with a bit more flavor.
4	So, a meal at the Macayo's in north Scottsdale, for whatever reason, always was a one-way ticket to Diarrheaville in my experience. Maybe the employees were angry and washing their dirty hands in the salsa buckets. Don't know, don't care.The Macayo's on Central (of ugly Mayan-themed building and President-dining fame) is different. This is the Denny's of Mexican food - always good, always middle America, lots of screaming kids, lame attempts at kitsch. I find that takeout is a much safer way to indulge in the artery-hardening goodness Macayo's has to offer.There are many, many much enjoyed references to dear God, as well as the Mother Mary and her revered child on Yelp. Well, if the sweet baby Jesus was ever to ejaculate, it might taste like Macayo's Baja sauce, and I mean that in the most flattering manner, i.e., SBJ might also spout forth with Cinnabon frosting. Baja sauce is this cream-cheese based, vaguely sweet, vaguely spicy green chili-tinted fatty goopy sauce that can be ladled on virtually any plain Jane item... thus turning water into wine, or some business like that. The green corn tamale slathered in Baja sauce is a most guilty pleasure that always leaves me feeling fulfilled, but slightly unsettled and a tick guilty mixed with a dash of naughty. It's the one-night stand of condiments, no doubt.So on nights like these, where my weekend's diet has already been ravaged by Harlow's, Delux, and the pseudo-red velvet cupcakes I made at home (chocolate cake mix + red food coloring), I just gotta say WTF -- Macayo's takeout it is.
3	Macayo's is a classic and a staple throughout the valley. While I wouldn't say their food is the best it is far from the worst. After reading a couple of reviews some things come to mind.1) People in Arizona don't eat "tex-mex", people in Texas do. So, if you're looking for that from Macayo's or most other Mexican joints in town you're not going to get it.2) To say Macayo's is like some sort of Mexican Denny's is ridiculous.Now as far as the food is concerned, I like their salsa I'm not sure why but I do. I'd describe it as a bit watery with plenty of cilantro and green chiles. Pretty good in my opinion. Other things I like are the mini-chimis which have never been frozen when I ate them. Are they great for Mexican? Not so much but they're great for eating on the cheap and getting some food in the gut.My all-time favorite dish was the Steak Cortez, which the anti-corn guy describes as nacho cheese and spinach; that's not quite right. The Steak Cortez is really a pretty great idea, a skirt steak covered in spinach con queso (con queso being a normal term at any spanish speaking joint that is combining something with cheese) and mushrooms that I really like the taste of and then folded over and a green chile slapped in the middle. I have to say WAS though because over the years the portion has decreased and depending on how the tide goes or which way the wind is blowing it comes out of the kitchen different. If they could serve it great consistently that would be a signature dish. But like Macayo's service itself they can't.The carnitas burritos leave something to be desired. Maybe some guacamole or sour cream which you can get if you want to pay extra but it sure seems like stuffing a boatload of carnitas into a tortilla doesn't truly constitute a burrito.The tamales are usually pretty decent, though I can't say I've ever had the green corn, I think only the beef. My favorite part of any Mexican meal is the cheesecrisp and it's just as good here as anywhere else. There are places that are better and places that are worse. Completely irrelevant as far as food goes but they used to have a free payphone so long as the call was less than 5 minutes and was local. I always thought that was cool but that is gone now.Pros:SalsaSome good ideas for food when executed properly (ie steak cortez, baja sauce)central locationthe bar is hoppin' on friday nightsgenerally decent food but not always and not all items (pro and con)Cons:spotty servicehit or miss inconsistent foodno cheese enchilada on the kids menuthe bar is hoppin' on friday nights which makes for crappy parking
4	I've been here a couple of times with the most recent time being a month ago. The food is good and the lunch specials are great and economical. Complimentary chips and salsa while you wait for your order is also a plus. Some folks don't like the fact that the building is an old temple themed building, but personally I like it. I like the fact that it's the original Macayo's building from the 60's, but maybe I'm more of a purist. Would I prefer for it to be torn down and have a modern establishment with touch screen ordering and wi-fi and all that other technology? No. But that's just me. The staff is friendly and courteous, this is also a plus. It's preferable over rude or neutral tempered staff right? The waiter held a conversation with us concerning Obama's visit to Macayo's.For the "Mex & Match" lunch special I ordered a cheese enchilada and chile relleno with a side of beans. The enchilada was very good and even the beans were very good, as simple as beans are. My only issue was the chile relleno. It didn't have much of a chile flavor to it, kinda bland. It tasted more like the sauce it was topped with. But don't hold this against Macayo's. These type of chile's spiciness and flavor are very random. I know this from my experience with eating them. One can be very flavorful and spicy and the next one can be bland. So, I'm not gonna hold that bland chile against Macayo's. If your wondering about price, I spent about $11.00 for this meal including the drink. My only issue with the service was the same waiter who conversed with us about Obama's visit, asked for a tip at the begging when he introduced himself. It sounded rehearsed and something to the effect of: "Hi my name is so-and-so, I am your waiter today, a small tip would be appreciated...etc." I don't like that. I was planning to leave a tip, and I'm sure most people leave one, so asking for a tip to me almost sounds like begging. Other than that, no problems. I plan future trips.
3	The inside is very Hispanic, the food not so much. Not to say that is not good. But not authentic. It has a good flavor, but is pretty generic Mexican food. Now the Margaritas are wonderful!!!! I usually don't drink more then one but at this place you just can't help yourself. I like fruity girlie drinks, where you don't taste the liquor you just feel the affect. This is exactly what I want. Uno Mas, the water is no longer needed!
2	If I found myself in a nightmare where I was lost in the never ending corridors of the Mall of America and stumbled across a Mexican restaurant, I imagine it would be exactly like Macayo's.  As to why anyone who lives in Phoenix would want to spend their money at this place when there are literally hundreds of quaint, authentic family owned Mexican restaurants in every part of the city is beyond me.  Okay so the food wasn't too bad and it's probably consistant as well.  In fact I'd give the food a 3 since I'm not too picky but the utter soullessness of this place was almost too much to bare!  Green Day was blasting in the bar area where we were seated...and to be fair, I don't mind GD but come on, in a "Mexican" restaurant?...and at full volume?  Maybe it was just a poor seating arrangement and it would've been better in one of the other hundred or so rooms.  More than likely though, this place just isn't what I or any other self respecting lover of Mexican food would consider a good place to eat.  If you love going to theme parks and if you enjoy frequenting night clubs and you want to combine this into your false illusion of a good Mexican dining experience, by all means come here and you probably won't be disappointed.  But for everyone else who actually possesses an ounce of dignity when it comes to where you eat, please do yourself and the local ma-pa Mexican restaurants a favor and visit one of them instead.
1	My husband and I heard great reviews about this restaurant and we decided to give them a shot. One word can describe this place GROSS!!! The food sounded great but then you took a bite and ewww disappointment. The salsa was lame, the chips stale. There were only two good things about this place the soda and the waitress was nice. Other than that don't waste your money GO TO ABUELO'S...it may be on the west side but it never disappoints.
2	Blech! Eek! Yuck! Went here last Saturday with my compadres, Myles M, Kristin S and a few others. We had been day drinking substantially and still thought the food was barely edible. Having grown up in California, I am completely aware of the variety of "Mexican food" that exists. I've had true authentic food with cactus, Americanized Tex Mex like they serve at places like Chevy's and drive-through places like Filiberto's, and I'm ok with eating at the less authentic end of the spectrum. That being said, I still expect my food to be made with decent ingredients, to be flavorful and to be a good value for the money. And the food at Macayo's is none of those. The special shrimp burrito we got had a decently spicy sauce, but the tortilla was soggy and greasy. The Spanish rice was the worst I've ever had. My friend's "grilled veggie" fajitas were overcooked, mushy, STEAMED veggies like carrots and broccoli. What a curse to be a vegetarian in this joint! The house salsa was OK but I've had better from a jar. The only saving grace of this place was that it was crowded and lively on a Saturday night (always something I miss dining in Central Phoenix). The pitcher of margaritas we got was also decent and not too sweet. Sorry, Obama, and sorry to everyone else who gave this place a decent review. Macayo's sucks and I'm not afraid to say it.
2	This place is the reigning king of the "Screw real Mexican food, we are Americans and make Mexican our way" category.  You know the contenders.  Macayo's,  Arriba, Ajo Al's, Mi Amigos, Julio G's and the like.  They each have their local empires and they are plentiful in Phoenix.If you are into heavy creams, greasy cheeses, shredded beef, and other hallmarks of this gut busting tradition than Macayo's is the place for you.  A great place to fill up on calories.On a positive note the chips are alright and their Downtown and Mesa locations are pretty cool buildings.
3	I went in yesterday for happy hour to have a birthday drink. I had the house margarita for $5.75. Actually I had two! They were good. I think I disappointed the bartender when I question him why his $7.25 Margarita he was pushing was supposedly so awesome. He claimed Cruz a local Tequila was the reason. I argued just because it's local doesn't make it good. LOL. The house Rita stands up alone, as a good traditional Rita on the rocks. Don't buy the hype, as I saw half the crowd not question it and accept the pricier one on special as the way to go. The place was busy. They were also hosting a MBA networking mixer just off the main bar. In addition to discounted beer at happy hour they also offered free food! I thought those days were gone but they kept a steady supply of warm chips, salsa, veggie tray, cold pinwheel wraps and one or two hot Mexican items (mini chimis, and bean & cheese nachos) coming. I was going to order a half price appetizer as part of my happy hour, but heck I went for the free food and was just fine. My sampling of the appetizers makes me wonder how good the menu was, so I peeked at it. It looks pretty basic but tasty. I think everything was $12 or less on the dinner menu. According to the sign outside lunch starts at $5.99.  It may be commercialized Mexican food but it's a step up from some places like Taco Bell and Baja Express for certain.The staff seemed competent and to work rather well together. Even though it was busy the staff was calm and quick to serve, which is a good thing. They seem to recognize some customers as regular patrons which was also nice. The woman's room off the bar was fresh and clean in this madness as was the bar and all areas I could see. I think I will be back. I think I could even become a fan of the place over time. It seems to have a good mix of people and an impressive straight male clientele, worth another look.
3	This would normally be a 2-star review, but I appreciate the theatricality of the building and the interior decor enough to give Macayo's the extra star power.The exterior looks like it was pulled off of the set of "Legends of the Hidden Temple" (an old Nickelodeon show), and the interior is either somewhat boring mexican restaurant (the main dining area) or guffaw-inducing dramatic lighting, tiered seating, giant wooden parrots, and a nightclub-esque glowing bar (the "Aztec" room). I overheard the waitress tell another customer that they have DJs on 2 nights a week. Makes sense.The food is... well, it's like everyone says: cheesy, intestine-blocking, Ameri-Mexican cuisine. I almost hurled when I asked the waitress what was in their "baja" sauce. It involved some kind of cheese AND half and half. I decided to get my green chile tamale with green sauce instead. It was good, but a little sweet. The Chile Relleno was... subpar. That dish is generally a good barometer of the quality of a mexican restaurant, and theirs was soggy and drenched in melted cheese. Don't get me wrong, there's a fond place in my gut for gobs and gobs of delicious cheese, but it's not really 4-star dining.Their drinks are... large and filled with tequila, but remain largely unoffensive.  Exactly what I expected.
3	Typical Americanized Mexican food menu. Don't expect a lot of unique items, but do expect a lot of the standards.Split a green chili cheese crisp to start. Quite tasty. Green chilis were not fresh roasted, but still good.Chicken fajitas completed the meal. Chicken was good, but not great. The veggies (onions and peppers) were cook well, but did not really have any seasoning. Beans, tortillas, sour cream, and guacamole were good.Would definitely go back. Especially since they are open late.
5	I agreed to join a bunch of friends to come to here for lunch today, although after reading some of the reviews I almost changed my mind.  To my great surprise, it went like this:*  Chips & Salsa were brought to the table to start with.  Both were EXCELLENT!*  With drinks served & lunch cooking, here came big pizza-like open face quesadillas...  Free (!) & DELICIOUS!The "Lunch Special" menu allows you to select one or two of many main item choices, all the same price each, & one or two of a good number of side dish selections, all the same price each.  It was SO EASY to get a meal of exactly what I wanted!I ordered a Chile Relleno & a Shredded Beef Taco for my main items, & Chicken Tortilla Soup plus Steamed Vegetables for my sides.  I had the soup first, of course, & it was GREAT!  There was some salad too (free!), & the big Chile Relleno & taco were both DELICIOUS!Let's see, what else...  Comfortable atmosphere & seating, stylish decor, friendly service, & LOW PRICES!  This big, terrific meal came to only $7.95!Sorry to contradict my 1 & 2 Star friends on this one, but I loved the place!
5	Their salsa had me at hello!!  Addicted!  Love their chips and salsa!  A couple weeks ago I tried their guacamole with it....  yum!!  In fact, sometimes have found myself at home wishing I had some of that salsa!!  Add the Baja Sauce and wow, nacho chip eating heaven!  I also have tried their Green Tamale Bits which were out of this world!  Mixed with their Baja sauce and a margarita, I was a happy girl.  I found out that's available on their Happy Hour Menu as well and along with all of their appetizers, something I need to hit more often. Last week I tried their green chili burrito recommended by a friend and loved it.  I would have never ordered it without her recommendation as that's not normally something I would eat.  The flavor was so good that I ate it all.  We are holding meetings their on a regular bases so I look forward to trying other items as well.  The Central location has four private meeting rooms with meeting supplies that can fit almost any size group.   Great people, food, location and perfect for our needs!  Diffidently recommend dinning there and highly recommend them for special events and catering!!
2	The waitress was good for our big group, service was great, but I wasn't impressed with my food at all. Bland red sauce, not crispy, and not served hot.
5	The Spirit of the Old West Alive Awards have held the last two months events at Macayo's Mexican Kitchen and everyone (30-40 attendees)was very happy with the food. Friday nights can get busy but our service has always been great! JT takes good care of us dealing with everything from special requests to hanging banners. The food is always wonderful! Hot and seasoned just right. Generous portions and plenty of chips and salsa. The Margaritas are perfect. I can't say enough to thank Randy for setting up screen and projectors, and making ours a nice evening for people who keep the spirit of the old west alive. Free to the public www.spiritoftheoldwestalive.com
3	When I first moved to Phoenix I was so excited for great Mexican food, coming from New England, that shouldn't be too tall of an order. My initial search for "Best Mexican Food in Phoenix" actually brought back Macayo's (this was long before the days of Yelp). I tried Macayo's a few times and it was ok, then I moved on to greener pastures.Fast forward 5 years, many mexican restaurants, and a major diet change and I am at Chase field enjoying a veggie burrito, beans, and rice all courtesy of Macayo's. I actually craved it the next day so finally we decided to head to the original location and give it a whirl.The building is quite ugly but I liked that it at least seemed to have some character. The inside leaves some to be desired, the atmosphere just blows. I don't care if a place is kitschy or mildly tacky but the whole dining setup just feels awkward. The cantina actually looked a bit more lively but we still opted for the dining area. The waitress was actually very friendly and well rehearsed if nothing else, can't complain there. Come to find out they don't have the veggie burrito that I enjoyed so much at Chase Field! WTF?! The salsa here is good but the chips are kind of bland. The meal was decent but I kept wondering why I can't have what I had from the menu at Chase? My girlfriend's side of rice also tasted funky, again the Chase rice was much better - what is going on here?!The best part of my meal was actually the house margarita. It was slightly sweet but had enough tequila in it and went down nicely.I hate to say this but Chase Field food is actually better then this place, the sad and ironic part is it's the same restaurant!
3	Grade A white bread "Mexican" food
3	After reading a few of the reviews written about this place I decided to share my thoughts on this Mexican chain food destination. I have lived here all my life and never took the time to stop in until one day my buddy and I missed the bus and were looking for a place to escape the heat. The one thing about this location that always made me want to try it was the shape of the building. It always reminded me of one of the Mayan pyramids built in Mexico. Anyways when you first walk in they have the usual set up, bar on one side with a few tables and a full dining section for the dinner and lunch crowd. We were seated right away and given a quick run down of everything half off(happy hour pricing). The beer selection is pretty standard and the price for a pitcher was kind of high as well but my friend was happy with having it all for himself since I do not drink.The bite size tamale bites were good and the Steak Cortez was great as well. The only thing I would recommend is going before or after happy hour as it can get really crowed and it is hard to find a place to sit unless you are just having lunch or dinner. Also it can be hard to enjoy a meal with the loud sounds of people screaming at the T.V. as the dining area is really close to the bar area. Other than that I suggest stopping in the next time you are in the area. If nothing else you can take a cool picture in front of the building LOL.
3	I hadn't been to Macayo's in years & was craving Mexican food so my dad & I headed over there for lunch today.The 1st thing I thought when entering one of the dining rooms, wow so tacky! The only up-to-date thing in the place were the flat screen tvs, everything else was from the 80's & 90's. Our server was friendly & checked on us a few times, nice guy.The chips & salsa were pretty good, chips were nice & hot & the salsa was ok. Dad ordered the lunch burro with chicken, hold the rice, cheese & sour cream. I ordered the shredded beef chimichanga with a side of rice. I opted to not have the red sauce on top & our server suggested I get the baja sauce instead so I did, on the side. Dad enjoyed his burro, ate the whole thing. My chimichanga was tasty & I did like the baja sauce, however the rice was nasty. It had a strange taste to it, almost like plastic-yuck!Overall, we'd probably come back but we're not in any hurry.
4	I went here last night with a good friend of mine for the first time.  We both were in search of a restaurant that was open on the later side on New Year's Day and this happened to work out for us.  The building itself is like an Aztec or Mayan pyramid and hard to miss since it kind of sticks out - but I guess you could say it adds to the character of the place.  Overall the decor is a bit dated, but clean and honestly for the type of restaurant it is, it's acceptable.We were greeted warmly and seated right away to a booth where we both decided to indulge in their margarita special for the evening which was an upgrade from the house.  I was surprised how large they were and tasted great.  I enjoyed the fact that they didn't taste watered down at all and were a bit more on the savory side versus tasting ultra sugary.The chips and salsa were a nice touch since many places now don't seem to offer complementary items like that anymore.  The chips were perfectly crisp, not overly salty or thick.  The salsa lacked a bit of pizazz, but tasty none the less.  He ordered the Chimichanga de Macayo and I tried the Sonoran Enchilada Sampler.  Both were delicious and well seasoned.  The chiles in the enchiladas really brought out a nice rounded flavor.  Their rice was flavorful and not overcooked which seems to be a common issue for many restaurants I have tried.  For dessert, we shared the fried ice cream with chocolate sauce; I never had it previously, but it was tasty.  The crust wasn't quite as crispy as I had anticipated, but did have a nice little crunch to it.In general, our visit to Macayo's was a pleasant one.  The service was great - our waiter was very accommodating, helpful and attentive.  We enjoyed our meal very much and I can't wait to go back and try out a couple of other items on the menu!
2	I had to downgrade my rating after last night's delivery. I received a free delivery coupon from Delicious Deliveries so we used it for dinner. There weren't a lot of options in my zip code so we settled on Macayo's. We started out with the green corn tamale bites. I didn't care for them but my hubby seemed to enjoy them. They also gave us a big bag of chips with sides of salsa, pretty good as I stated in my previous review. For our entrees, my hubby ordered the steak fajitas & I ordered the carne asada burrito (with rice & beans added). Hubby said his fajitas were pretty good but my burro was gross. The bottom was so soggy I couldn't eat it as a whole, just picked at it & threw a lot away. For dessert I ordered the flan & since our order was over $30 we got a free dessert as well so I chose the mini chocolate chimis. The flan was ok & the chocolate chimis with ice cream were pretty good. Total with tip & free delivery was about $50. We won't be ordering here again...I'm pretty much just done with the whole food delivery service thing after 2 expensive, not so great meals.
3	Let's be honest:  This is not true authentic Mexican food.  This is Mexican food as the gringos imagined it.  Having said that, that doesn't mean it's bad Mexican food.  The salsas are good, there is a sauce made of cream cheese, everything has cheese on it, and I'm sure they'd fry your salad if you asked nicely.  They have a pretty good happy hour the back room (the Aztec room I believe) is a good place to start.   The restaurant is huge and despite that, due to the massive amount of wait staff, you should be able to get in and out in a hurry.  Plus the building looks like a pretend Mayan temple.
4	Ate here with a small group from work mid week for lunch.Ordered the Green corn tamales.  I don't find these often enough and order them whenever I find them.  Very good.Sevice was good, knowledgeable.  Ambiance was fine.  The place is a local chain, i believe, but it is good.
1	Oh...Macayos.  A once Phoenix staple has turned into complete and utter crap.  I spent many a high school evenings dining here after debate practices and I believe El Presidente Obama ate here within the past few years.  Things have taken a big turn for the worse.  I mean, you shouldn't expect much with their cheesy decor and a customer base similar to that of Wal-Mart, but it used to be decent - and edible.  Their menu got smaller.  Its hard to find anything under $11.  The food (even the side of veggies) was SOOO greasy and fatty. Seriously - I feel like I need to eat salads for the next 2 days to compensate for the calorie content of that dish. The baja sauce lost its kick.  The guac had no flavor. I regret eating here.
1	DOUBLE-X BLACKLIST. Three years since my last visit (not long enough apparently), and it's time I updated and upgraded Macayo's to DOUBLE-X. See you in 2014 beeyotches.Where oh where have your owners gone, Macayo's? What happened to the quality of food with which you opened and on which your franchise and brand name are founded?FIRE your kitchen staff, FIRE your kitchen manager, and FIRE your general manager.Mediocre, bland, sometimes scary, late, cold, not clean, goopy, old and stale.--cardboard menu cards are wet and starting to mildew from days and days of moisture;--salsa 4 to 5 days old. the salt has made it briney, the green chilis are fermenting it into vinegar;--special "top shelf" fresh-fruit texas margarita is a swirl of gatorade-colored syrup and a complete waste of grand marnier; head to Quick Trip instead;--rice from weeks ago, reheated, refrigerated, reheated, refrigerated, microwaved and then served from oblivion; dry, cakey gloopy SHIT. Shame on you!;--refried beans go the same way. ranch style. they keep for weeks out on the ranch. didn't finish them? no problem. just throw in a bit of lard and put 'em back on the fire. Macayo's clearly has the technique mastered.--chicken "guisado" so old, even cooks from Diamonds wouldn't serve it;--flour tortillas either not fully cooked, or kept in the same damp room as the menu cards -- they were doughy and starting to ferment;--sopapillas for shame! looked like fried cowpies. you couldn't force feed me this shit! SEND IT BACK!!!After dining at the mother restaurant, you can be sure I'll think twice when I see the Macayo bird on something at the grocery. BLECH.
3	Good, not great.  I'm sure there must be better places in AZ.
1	New to Nevada from California, we are trying to establish new restaurant favorites.  We started with Macayo's on Charleston for Mexican food just because we were shopping in that plaza. We asked several people how it was and only one person said it was good. Highly disappointing after we tried it, and we crossed it off our list! I usually judge the food by two things:  The salsa, and chile verde. If these are good, the menu is good.  The salsa was crap and there was no chile verde.  They had something like it but the waitress said it's made with beef instead. What?I agree with the other 1 star reviews.
3	Went here for Cinco De Mayo for a a margarita. They were pretty good and not over priced. Very cool looking building! Service was pleasant but overall the restaurant wasn't overly impressive but I would still go back agian!
1	I had been to Macayo's numerous times not because I wanted my colleagues like the place. Every time I go I notice the value of the food and taste is getting worst. Today I went and ordered Chicken Fajitas with side veggies. The fajitas didn't come out sizzling they looked like they must have sat in the window for awhile. The veggies are ice cold with tons of butter and barely cooked. The chicken tasted like they been freezer burned and no seasoning. The dish wasn't appetizing at all.  Also, I service isn't the best  I was with a group and had leftovers and wanted a box and the server didn't even come around. Just drop off the check and walk away. I wouldn't recommend going to this place if you want some good Mexican food.
4	I grew up on this Macayo's location's food, literally. My grandmother moved to Arizona in 1942 and was excited when this place opened. So my family has been coming here for 50+ years. Is it the best Mexican food ever in Phoenix? No, it's not "foodie" food. Do they serve a great chimi? Yup. Enchilada sampler is good too. Chips and salsa always good and it's dining room is family friendly, if kitchy and dated. Love it or leave it, Macayo's is a landmark to Phoenicians.
5	Out to eat with friends from work.  Really good food!  I had the Combo plate:  2 little tamales, 4 mini-chimi's (2 chicken/2beef), 2 taquitos, and spinach queso dip.  Brought some home!  Service was good.
2	I was here the other evening for a meeting (which by the way was set up in the middle of the main dining room, instead of off to one of the side aka quieter areas..making it near impossible to hear anything) and I did not have any of the food, so I will refrain from commenting on what I did see...eh.I did; however, order a house margarita, and noticed on the menu that it came in two sizes.  I was not asked what size I wanted, just given the larger $2 more size... how clever.  I asked for it with no salt and it came with the most salt I have seen on a margarita EVER!  Ok, fine, whatever.. I wiped it off.. It came with two straws  (so you drink it faster. and order more..HA! I am on to your tricks... no thanks!)  As for the actual taste of the margarita....BLEH... blandest ever.. didn't even really taste like lime or sweet n sour, or the like.. it reminded me of these really gross margarita "pouches"  (think Capri Sun) that I bought once while in Cali on vacation... they were so gross that I ended up freezing the rest as ice packs for my cooler!  I am not sure if this margarita had much tequila in it either... so for my $8 I had a goblet of wasted calories....sad.The service is another low point.. once our servers realized that only 4 of our party of 10 were eating (always a pisser, I speak from experience..but still people) they were pretty much imaginary for the rest of the night.. It took about 10 minutes after I was ready to leave for me to see one of the  servers, and he promptly told me that he couldn't get my check, but as soon as he saw the other server he would let her know.. 5 minutes later she made an appearance... sigh.I have heard not really great things about this place, and based on my experience I doubt I would go back to give the food a try.
4	Been here twice now with work homies.First time, not bad...second time, wow.I'm slowly getting more experienced with true Mexican food, and my favorite stuff is found at stands/trucks and Mexican greasy spoons.  This is only the second dine-in place I've been to, with the other an authentic restaurant in Tucson.Anyway, my first time here I got mahi tacos and the wings.  I dunno why I ordered the wings or why I thought that'd be a good idea at a Mexican restaurant.  They were only OK, with no real kick or anything to make them unique in any way. The tacos were great, though.  All I can remember is the caramelized onions going so well with the sweet fish.  It was really a great dish.Second time around I got a carne asada chimichanga.  Wow.  There was a spinach queso sauce all on top with melted cheese.  I could've put that sauce on the drink coasters and enjoyed myself.  Unbelievably delicious!  The meat in the chimi was seasoned well and quite tender.  It wasn't a crispy chimi due to the smothering of it in that wonderful sauce, but it all came together to make an incredible meal.  Even the beans were good, and I don't like beans.  Oh and their guacamole...so fresh.  I slathered it on top of the chimi and it impossibly made it even better.  This was honestly the best chimichanga I've ever had.We went during happy hour and sat in a happenin' spot with a DJ and all.  Music was loud but varied and he was taking requests.  We got our theme song 'September' by EWF played and it made for a really good time.  Waiter did his job decently.  No complaints there.The chips and salsa were much better this visit...the chips were actually warm and the salsa thick.  We didn't get refilled as quickly as we'd liked, but oh well.Their menu has a lot of great sounding things on it and makes me want to come back again and again just to taste everything that caught my eye.  The prices...well, this is central Phoenix so I guess they are the norm.  I'm cheap so its a bit much for me.  The coworker we were taking out was super hungry and was really looking forward to coming here.  He left quite happy and I'm glad this place didn't disappoint.
1	The 1 Star was for the Mahi tacos that was the only thing that was great about this experience. Being from San Diego I am spoiled when it comes to great Mexican food and service. First off when you order a shot Put it in a small rocks glass not a plastic cup that you make jello shooters in! Serve real salsa and guacamole Please for goodness sake! If your going to call yourself a Mexican establishment then do it right! Please hire a waitress that has a brain and isn't slow! If it wasn't for the fact it was a go away party I would have never stepped foot in a such a dirty establishment.  WORST MANGO AND STRAWBERRY MARGARITAS EVER!!
3	My restaurant experience this past Saturday (9-24-11) is summed up by the Fountains of Wayne song Halley's Waitress. "Halley's waitressnever comes aroundShe's hiding in the kitchenShe's nowhere to be foundI just want some coffeeIs that too much to ask?Halley's waitressis not up to the task.And when she finally appearsIt's like she's been away for years.It's been so long,So long.Darling, don't you knowWe miss you when you're gone?"Substitute Halley's for Macayo's and Waitress with Lisa and it's uncanny.  My grandparents took us out for lunch. We were promptly seated at a table with plates, chips, and salsa but no napkins or utensils.Lisa greeted us and took our drink orders. A considerable amount of time passed (all of the chips and salsa had been happily consumed) before Lisa returned with our drinks. Ten more minutes passed and we were left with empty chips/salsa bowls. During that time, we networked with other servers in an attempt to acquire napkins, utensils, and more chips/salsa.  Granted, we had a large party (eight adults, one kid, one toddler) and I can understand how busy working in the service field can be, but our drinks (which cost roughly $2.50 per drink) sat bone-dry for most of the time we were there. Even a pitcher of ice water at the table would have been helpful. I can forgive a lack of drinks, chips, and salsa but what truly irked me about our experience was when my grandfather's order was messed up.  The rest of us received our food (and ate it, for the most part, without any drinks) while my Grandfather, who would be footing the bill for his entire family, sat without any food, chips, salsa, or beverage and waited patiently for his order to be ready. Lisa even came back out a third time to verify his order. No one apologized to him, there was no offer to comp his meal - in fact, the incorrect order was still listed on the bill. Despite the way he was treated, my grandfather left a 20+ percent tip because that's just the kind of man he is - not because the service warranted it.Aside from the recent one-star service, I can't pan the restaurant itself due to one bad experience. I've been there a few other times before and the service was excellent. (I wish I could remember the name of my prior server because he was top-notch.)  The food is traditional Mexican restaurant fare, but good. Their shredded beef tacos and cheese enchiladas are excellent. The Baja Burrito and Quesadilla are delicious too. I'd certainly recommend Macayo's restaurant, but if you sit down and your server's name is Lisa - head for the hills!
3	Macayo's happens to be one of few (only?) places open til a strange hour on Sundays, which I'm all for.  It was literally the only place we could find at 9pm on a Sunday to go for not-bad food.I personally love their red-corn taquitos.  In fact, I love them so much, they are the reason I go here.  When someone has Macayo's catering, I can count on those little red devils to shine over all else.  Yum!Typical Mexican beer selection.  Tryin' to push a zillion different margaritas.  May or may not get your order right, which for me isn't an issue (see: you can't really screw up a taquito order), but I've seen it more than once the wrong thing is delivered to the table.
1	Unless you have a few hours of your life you don't mind wasting, DO NOT COME HERE! My wife and a few friends decided to grab some happy hour food and beverages somewhere. when we arrived and sat down we asked about specials, the waiter replys with "oh,  um.... $3 draft and wells". we proceed to ask about food and margarita specials (that the sign behind us clearly states). he tells us "no". I then ask him "Are you Sure? Because that sign over there says differently". He then says "i'll check". I was right. strike 1..After we order a drink we decided on some food. About 15 minutes after we order a group of about 12 or 13 business type people walked in......Well i'm not really sure what happen after this point but everything seemed to go down hill really fast. Ok..... so i then ask the bartender to change the tv station from CBS News to the football game. (we are the only ones in there besides a person at the bar and the business types in the other room). He does this about 20 minutes after i asked as he obviously forgot until he saw me staring at him. Not too big of a deal.25 minutes after ordering our appetizers we still have not seen our waiter or any sign of our food. He finally comes over to our table and says "you're food will be out shortly, our cooks are slacking" It's completely obvious to us that this guy forgot to put in our order. Finally our food arrives! It was brought out by another gentlemen who exclaimed "Sorry about the wait folks, that big party over there (the business types) caught our cooks by suprise! 1. We ordered long before they even came in. 2. Your cooks got caught by surprise??!!!  So, they're not used to cooking when they go to work as a cook!They got one order completely wrong. our friend who is a vegetarian, ordered the harvest sampler (the veggie sampler). They brought her the regular sampler consisting of beef chimi's burro's and other things. Now we have to wait another 20 minutes for her food. After comping her meal we received our check. We asked the waiter again if he can split it up 3 ways (we had told him we would be doing this prior to ordering) "Sure, No problem he says". He returns 10 mins later only to tell us he can't split the check and we'll have to "figure it out"  My wife and the rest of our party except one, proceed to leave and wait for us outside while we "figure out" the check.  After deciding we would leave a poor and undeserved tip just to be nice, our waiter brings back our change.. no $1's. before we can open our mouth to remedy this he is gone. At this point i'm tempted to walk out without leaving a tip but im a nice guy. So i stroll up to the bar to make change. The new bartender makes eye contact with me,  but doesn't say a word, turns around and proceeds to shuffle around the bar as he tries desperately to open a bottle of seagrams with no luck. After 5 minutes and not even a" i'll be right with you" or anything i walked out without leaving a tip. i have never done that before. EVER
2	A very odd experience.  We entered in the front of the restaurant where we were met by the hostess.  We told her we were there for happy hour and she proceeded to show us to what I thought was the bar area. Well, yes but she took us out the back door of the restaurant, to the back door of the bar.  Once there I started to get nervous.  A line of 4 or 5 people waiting to get in met by two security people checking Identification.  Once you show the security people your ID, they then put a wrist band on you.  I am pushing 50, but perhaps without the wrist band, someone may mistake me for under 21.  Finally inside, it was a throw back to some 80's nightclub with old school music and flashing lights and more, at attention security staff.  They feature a free happy hour buffet with assorted Mexican food, which was actually fresh and tasty.  Our server was nice and attentive.  The entire time we were there, I was worried to why they needed a security team roaming about.
2	We got to experience Macayo's because the local Italian restaurant is closed on Sundays.How to express the feel...?  Not very busy on a Sunday afternoon around 4 PM...overpriced and certainly light-on-the-tequila margaritas...plenty of chips and salsa being delivered to the table...entrees that took WAY too long to be delivered...portion size and presentation leaving much to be desired...and the waiter kept our water glasses full.Would you be satisfied with an order of rolled tacos which list on the menu as coming topped with  guacamole?  When the cheese is sprinkled on so lightly that you can count the shred strands on each one?  When the guacamole is served in a 2-ounce solo cup on the side?  I think not!Another in my party ordered a chicken soft taco and a bean and cheese burrito...the chicken was in shreds, like someone in the kitchen boiled breast, thighs and legs and subsequently shredded them with a fork.  The worst part was no seasoning...save for the salsa served with the chips.  The bean and cheese burrito was a study in rice...so much rice that it was difficult to find the beans and cheese in the burrito.The fourth in our group ordered the nachos supreme.  The chips are advertised as coming smothered in beef or chicken (he chose beef),cheese, refried beans, tomatoes, sour cream and guacamole.  Again, the guacamole came on the side in a 2-ounce solo cup as well as the sour cream.  They were not requested on the side...but they came that way. As I am in search of the best guacamole burrito on the planet, that is what I ordered...a burrito that is guacamole, sour cream, bacon, cheese and raw onion.  The burrito I received...got the guacamole...got the cheese...got the sour cream...missing the onion...and some really fatty bacon.  It has been a long time since I had a guacamole burrito that chewy.Margaritas were just a flat-out mistake.  I guess you have to know someone behind the bar to get much more than the faint whisper of a tequila bottle being passed in front of the glasses.  When they are delivered, they look incredible...the glasses filled perfectly...the salt on the rim done so well you could take a measuring tape to the glass and find perfect consistency all the way around.  While I enjoy the look of a well-presented margarita, I wanna feel and taste tequila in it!Maybe this works for the family 'hispanic eatery down the street'...it does not do so well for me.
4	Good place friendly staff.
4	Happened upon this restaurant while staying at a nearby hotel. We drove by earlier in the day and were first interested in the unique architecture of the building. The decor inside was fun and had an old-school feel. Lots of pink and green, neon lights, mirrors, and wall murals. I loved it!Went in for dinner a little late, still being on west coast/vacation time, but there were still quite a few people and we weren't rushed at all. Our server was very friendly and helpful when we asked about the menu, even though she needed to check with the kitchen on some of our particular needs. We started with two margaritas and the Espinaca con queso. Unfortunately it was missing spinach. Hmm... There were some green chiles, however, that added to the cheese dip. I ordered a beef chimichanga with their famous baja sauce. OH how I love this white, creamy, spicy sauce!! Maybe a spicy sour cream? It was delicious! Hubby got steak fajitas which were good, but believe it or not, I was hooked on the grilled onions! They were so flavorful! I'm glad there were a lot on his platter so I could steal more than a few.
1	This is the original Macayo's and man has it seen better days. The decor is old. The carpeting is tired. The plates are chipped and scratched up. The service is crap and the food is NOT what it is at other Macayo's around town. It took our server 10 minutes to come and get our drink order. One member of our party ordered a Coke and it was totally flat. It took her another 10 minutes to replace it.  I had a chicken taco and the chicken tasted canned. The server spilled salsa all over the table and took forever to come back to clean it up. One member of our party ordered a bean and cheese burrito enchilada style and got a beef and green chili burrito with verde sauce...and then our server seemed befuddled when we asked for her to replace it with what we actually ordered.Honestly, I have eaten in better dive-Mexican places than this Macayos. Definitely skip this spot.
3	Popped in again tonight.Sticking with 3 stars.Cheese crisp is smaller than it used to be. Frozen house margarita downright sucked but blue margarita which cost an extra buck was a lot better.Baja verde enchiladas were good. Baja sauce is ok but could be better. Rice was good, service was good and kids cheeseburger was good.Sticking with the 3 stars based on it being a classic valley staple. A little overpriced on some things and exceeding in other areas. This place can really be hit or miss though.
1	I must have gone on a bad day, because this is possibly the worst mexican food I've had. Honestly, tasted like Taco Bell on a poor day. I ordered a California burrito, for almost $10. The tortilla was stale, and the flavor was just not there. Being from California, I'm offended that they call this a California burrito!Other than that, the salsa was not fresh at all, and I'm guessing it came straight out of a can. Not even a jar-- a can.Overpriced, stale fast-food. How has this place been there so long?! I felt robbed after seeing the bill.
3	I had the grilled fish tacos in corn tortillas, and the taste of that dish is worth four stars, but the price ($13) is at least two dollars more than it should be.  The salsa was good, particularly the thicker hot sauce, and the person I was with also liked their meal.  The service was good on our visit, though it was not really crowded.  The decor is dark and tired, and it was not the cleanest place around.
2	I went here on the 4th of July with a huge party (my family). When we entered they had a kids pool full of nasty water up front because their roof was leaking...not so nice. The waiters were nice, allowing us to go to the bar to order our apps and drinks in order to get hh pricing and dealing with our giant party. Unfortunately, the food at Macayos is just not very good and is WAY overpriced. I got the baja chicken quesadilla and it was fairly dry and bland. It also took a huge amount of time to get our food (but I understand that due to our party size and the fact that it was a holiday). If it were up to me, I probably would not eat at Macayo's again....but I know I'll probably end up back there at some point. Please don't let your friends convince you to come here! With all of the Mexican food options in Phoenix, there is no reason to come here.
3	Decent Mexican. The margaritas were good but a little pricey being a probably mix.
1	I was helped right away in being seated, but it took forever for the food once seated.  The food was HORRIBLE and actually was sent back by my colleage.  I wanted to send mine back, but did not want to make it worse.  There were hardly any people in the restaurant, what took so long?  No wonder the taco was burnt.  But the black slimy stuff on the red pepper, what was that?!  Also, no specials at happy hour time (4:30 on a weekday).  Never again.
5	been coming here since birth
5	This is the Very first Macayo's. Always good food! We love the chips and salsa, especially with a good cup of coffee!The food is always good, we are not much of drinkers but, we hear the drinks are strong and good.You can order almost anything you want. Even if it is not on the menu. Their BaJA Sause is fantastic! Lots of really good choices. If you are craving Mexican this is the place.
1	Two words, BABY ROACH..... yes I said it.. and it's true and I hate to because I've know of Macayo's in it's better days, but they've gone down hill. I've only got the steak fajitas here. Every-time I walk in seems like the front-desk is f'ing off somewhere, but at least when they show up we get seated right then. Never waited very long, 1st steak fajitas seems fine. 2nd time the steak a little undercooked, but I didn't complain (I sometimes have my steaks medium rare), 3rd time they served me all onions and no bell peppers with my steak, my Wife's meal didn't come a listed on the menu and about 10 seconds after they brought out an additional plate tortillas I saw a baby roach walking on the table. I secretly squished it (with a napkin) and never told my Wife or she would have thrown up..... We left immediately... True story.
4	I like coming here. The food is great (and authentic). Drinks are awesome. Service can be hit or miss at times, but if you're not in a rush it's ok. However, the last few times here the service has been great. So hopefully they are improving in that area.
3	Over rated  :((((
2	I've been here quite a few times over the year and on my most recent visit I noticed that the food and service have really gone downhill.Macayo's claim to fame is that it's founder, Woody Johnson, invented the chimichanga by accidentally dropping a burrito into the deep frier. However, as any good Arizonan knows, this claim is challenged by El Charro restaurant in Tucson where they also claim to have invented the dish in the same year.Either way, you'd think that a restaurant that wants to lay claim to such an important event in food history would make an effort to maintain its reputation as a quality Mexican restaurant, but this doesn't seem to be the case.We stopped in the other night and started with some cheese quesadillas for us and the kids and they were incredibly bland and boring. For a main course, my wife had the steak picado and I had the green chile chicken picado. My dish is described on the menu as "tender chunks of marinated chicken sauteed in a fiery blend of tomatillo salsa, strips of poblano chiles and habanero". Nowhere does it say, cooked beyond recognition so that the chicken tastes like dry pieces of cardboard.My wife's steak picado was not tender, but tough.Additionally, our service was inattentive when it occurred and non-existent at other times. I never received the sour cream I requested and once the food was at our table and the waitress had left behind a pitcher of water so we could do our own refills, we didn't see her again despite the fact that several members of our party had ice tea and could have used refills.In a city and state full of GOOD Mexican restaurants, you'd think that Macayo's would try harder to compete, but I guess not. If it's my choice, I won't be back.
4	My first visit to Macayo's was good! I loved the outside look of the restaurant. It was very neat. The food was on the spot, although I was also very hungry. Still, if I am craving Mexican food I would probably come here again!
5	If you're ordering drinks, I'd suggest sticking to beer rather than the weak margaritas. The food, however, is the main attraction and it is outstanding. The chimis are probably the best item on the menu, but if you're looking to not eat something so filling, try the chicken flautas.Parking is in the back and the restaurant is also right off the light rail.
4	Always good.  We got in and out at lunch with good food and attentive service.  You can order from a special lunch menu or their full menu.  I recommend going early, as we were leaving around 12:30 and the place was getting really full.
4	This was my first time at this location, which happens to be the original Macayo's, and I couldn't help, but be reminded of the Robert Frost poem, The Road Not Taken...Two roads diverged in a yellow woodAnd sorry I could not travel bothAnd be one traveler, long I stood (because the hostess was MIA)And looked down one as far as I couldTo where it bent in the undergrowth;... okay, sorry, so after entering and walking down the dimly light hallway you have the option to veer left or right. Right brings you into the bar area and left, to the dining area. In the middle is the hostess desk, (who probably took the road less traveled by) so I meandered into the dining room where I was I greeted by a friendly female waitress who helped me find my way to a table and later brought the menus.I was waiting for the other two members of the party and since it was 11:30 am and I'm inbetween classes, I figured the White Cranberry Margarita sounded reasonable (its five o'clock somewhere!). It was a little bit salty, a little bit sweet, but all so sensual  that I had to remind myself that there was alcohol in it so I could pace myself. The chips and salsa were fantastic (but really, how can anyone mess that up) to nosh on while the other party members arrived. The lunch specials here are pretty amazing and it does get crowded fast. I went for the lunch Mex and Match 1 item with 1 side for $6.99. I got a bean tostada with veggies. The veggies were a pleasant surprise, they were steamed but not doused in butter that most places seem to love to do. I just wish they would have thrown a little bit more on the plate. There were two pieces of broccoli, a few tiny pieces of carrots, and zucchini, but I get it...I'm at a Mexican joint. Everyone else loved their dishes and the service was quick, but attentive. I would definitely come back.
1	Food is ok but not such a good value for the price.  Drinks are expensive.  Service is awful.  Slow, got the orders mixed up, the bills were mixed up,  the server was unprofessional (rude, calling women "darlin" - how tacky).  Watch out when they add 18% service on a big party - on our bill it said 18% but the math came out to more like 30%.  The decor is just awful.  There are lots better places to eat.
3	I've never been to the restaurant.  Only the bar.Now, there are A LOT of bars where I live.  Great bars, good bars, dive bars, crappy bars.  The choices are endless.  Since I work full time and go to school full time my time and funds tend to be limited.  When the funds are especially limited the choice is clear: Macayos.Here's why: Macayos' happy hours makes my last few dollars last.  Drinks are cheap and food is free.  That's right kiddos, free.  Because every college student appreciates an establishment that does not make them choose between booze and food this is very important.  Now, is the the best food you've ever had?  No.  It's free, stop being so freaking needy.  It's good, even great for what you just paid, which I'd like to again remind is nothing.  During the week the bartenders are friendly and attentive.Friday nights this place tries to turn into a club and is overrun with older women freshly released from their cubicles, on the prowl.  It's a little alarming.  So I tend to stay away.But during the week it's relaxed, cheap, and friendly.  Who can ask for more?
2	Macayos is like Chuck E. Cheese without the games. Lots of kids running around. Young servers navigating first jobs with little supervision and varied results. Often bland or lukewarm food that takes an eternity to order and arrive. At least at Chuck E Cheese, the kids can run around and bang gophers on the head, or whatever, while you're waiting. Here, you just kind of bang your own head on the table.
4	Had a great time at Macayo's in downtown Phoenix.  By far my favorite location that I've been to.The service was exceptional.  Our party was in a little bit of a rush to get to the Suns game and after telling our waitress, she was great at getting our meals out as promptly as she could and getting our bill taken care of quickly.  The food was great as usual.  The cheese enchiladas were great and they had a great beer special as well.  Another enjoyable experience at Macayo's
2	Just okay-I went for a retirement party and was disappointed with what we paid for what we got. I like the location on Thomas way better and the servers were way more helpful too!
5	My new favorite restaurant in Phoenix Arizona
3	I cheated and read reviews before going, so I knew to order the Nachos Supreme which were really pretty good.  Well, at least, I gobbled them totally down as quick as I could.Big serving with lots of toppings, too.If you want jalapenos--and the mild kind in brine like I like--just ask for it.Good food, good service...it's ok...not fabulous but ok.Been here since 1945, so they must have some fans out there.
2	I went there last night and having been to other Macayo's, this one was a let down. The service was horrible (once I got service) and the food and drinks were definitely lacking. After waiting wondering if we even had a server, he finally got us water and complimentary chips. The server left the menu's on our table after we ordered. After they set there and started becoming a burden to the available table space, I got up and took them to the manager standing at the front.  I had the Steak fajitas and my date had shrimp fajitas. We had the margaritas that were on special and they were terrible. I would rather go to La Pinata a few blocks north versus going to this Macayo's again. Nothing is worse than watching everyone else get service and your having to bus empty glasses, return menus and wonder if your server went home or if you even have one.
3	So, my girlfriend came into town to help me move home, and she wanted to get some Mexican food.  I immediately thought of Macayo's, because I've been here before and love how colorful their interior was.We walked in and were seated right away.  I was expecting it to be a bit busier for Father's day, but alas, there wasn't much going on here.  Our waitress was great, and we started off with chips and dip, and eventually ordered some dinner.My girlfriend went with the Chicken chimichanga and she loved it! it looked really good from where I was sitting!  I went with the Nacho supreme, and it was tasty! My friend also got a margarita which looked nice as well.  Overall, we had a good time here, and I enjoyed it. Our food was awesome, the service was pretty good and this place isn't half bad.
2	For being the inventor of the chimichanga it was VERY disappointing. The chimichanga was awful. Huge, but awful. It was soggy and bland. Service was bad despite being the only people in the restaurant.
5	Stopped back into this big place at lunch time today, after a too-long 3 year hiatus.  I was greeted right away & escorted to a comfortable booth spot where the table service, temperature, sound, lighting & everything else was just right throughout my visit.     :-)First off, "Terri" brought me a big bowl of warm, delicious tortilla chips along with my first bowl (of 2) of tasty, chunky style Salsa Rojo.Before long came a cup of terrific Chicken Tortilla Soup, and then my main platter of a big, tasty Pablano Chile Relleno, a shredded beef taco, a generous serving of steamed mixed veggies & a shredded lettuce garnish.Everything about my visit here today and the food was PERFECT, period...  a big, delicious feast for a reasonable $9.99.  Yum!     :-))
5	One of the best, old school cool
5	Was in town on business and a local friend took me here...so glad he did! This place had great service and great food. The ambiance was nice too. I got the fajita quesadilla which was soooo huge and sooo good! We also ordered the loaded nachos appetizer...yum!
2	I was not impressed.  We were here with a group of friends and the staff didn't seem to care if they waited on us or not.  When our server did come around, he was friendly and seemed to enjoy what he was doing, but honestly, I've had better service at other places
3	Was ok, wasnt great wasnt bad either. Service was great ! Had the verde pork enchiladas. That is all.
2	Eh... no. This bright colorful restaurant is kind of cute, but the food leaves much to be desired.The cheese crisp should be skipped. It's a fried tortilla covered in Velveeta (or some other processed cheese). There's no flavor. Salsa tastes like it's made from canned tomatoes. Chips were fresh, on the plus side.I think the entrees were better. Chicken chimichanga was OK. The rice was fine, too. Carne asada tacos had a decent tomatillo sauce, but the beef was tough. Black beans seemed canned, but the mixed vegetables were actually pretty good and well seasoned.Prices were high relative to the food you receive. I don't think I'll be back.
5	One of my friends has been eating at this location for years and highly recommended it - I can see why.  Our waitperson (Esperanza) was the best waitperson I have ever had at any restaurant, ever (and several of us made sure to tell the manager)!  She worked very hard to make sure our large party was 100% satisfied.  And, since I was a first timer, she brought all of our table a free appetizer (3 sets of appetizers) - wow.  And the food, absolutely some of the best I have tasted.  The only thing I didn't care for was the salsas (sorry Macayo's) - for whatever reason, I just didn't like them.  I had the chile relleno and enchiladas - perfection!  The rice and beans are fabulous.  I loved this place and hope to return soon!
2	We went during happy hour and sat in the bar area. The place was relatively empty and too low of lighting to see anything. I ordered a strawberry margarita which was WAY too sweet! It was half foam on top and I didn't feel like it was worth the $6 price tag. Usually when I go to mexican restaurants they bring you chips and salsa however, they had a buffet style layout with a few extra items you don't normally see. The service was great and overall a clean establishment! I wouldn't recommend for happy hour again- too many other great restaurants in the area.
1	There shouldn't even be an option for a star. The service is horrible and bartenders are very rude. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone not even my worst enemy!
1	Yesterday, we stop in for a late lunch. We decide to split a couple appetizers. While we are waiting they brought us the normal chips and salsa. The chips tasted stale and the salsa was pretty gross too. Then our food came. We ordered loaded nachos - which were far from loaded. I am still trying to figure out how they managed to put everything in one tiny corner of the plate. The second plate was the mini chimis. Oh my gosh, they were even worse! Soggy, covered in sour cream and what I think was guacamole?  They were inedible! Yuck! I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. No no no
3	My cousin just had her wedding catered by Macayo's catering service. The food tasted fresh and was pretty good. She ordered 100% vegetarian entrees and food was served buffet style. I would highly recommend the catered been chimichangas.The desert was delicious. We had the flan. Super nummy!They also provided "skinny" margaritas, which were the hit of the party. Absolutely delicious.The servers were very nice and the wedding party was very satisfied.
1	We have patronized Macayo's since 1972 and never felt it was a poor choice until last week.  We ordered a single taco to accompany a bowl of soup.  It was no better than what is offered at Jack In The Box but was priced ten times more!!  Don't bother to go to their website and try for justice, they either do not read complaints or do not care to respond to them.  Apparently we are slow learners but we will not return to be treated like scum.  In house help was no help at all.  $5:00 tacos of that caliber are a disgrace.
1	Since zero stars is not an option 1 shall do. One of the worst dinning experiences EVER!Me and my party of 4 sat down on a beautiful Saturday afternoon after the PRIDE festival just down the road. We sat and enjoyed the free chips and salsa and nothing else. After 25 minutes and ZERO service of a beverage or even an acknowledgement of our being there we decided to leave. If the place had been busy that would have been different but we were 1 of maybe 5 tables being used. Sad sad restaurant. Never again.
3	The food is always good, which is why we keep going back. The big issue is the noise and how hard it is to even have a conversation there. It may have been because of all the noise that the waitress got my order wrong, but either way it just shouldn't happen.I tried the blood red orange margarita, which was nothing special and over priced. I think if you are going to go that route you should just stick with their regular margarita. I will say that one other thing you can never go wrong with is their green corn tamale with Baja sauce. It is fantastic!
2	The service was not too great. The Waitress needs to smile more. We were a party of 9. The food was ok, prefer authentic, this taste like it was out of a can. Most likely won't be coming back to this restaurant.
5	Excelente dining option, first time in Phoenix!My husband used to come to Macayos 15 yrs ago while visiting our son! When planing this trip, he was sure to add it in our plan and! Needless to say we had a great dinner excellent Margaritas and our server Greg was very nice and professional! Can't wait to come back!
1	Went to Macayo's on Central last night for dinner. HUGE mistake. We sat in the dining area and our waiter asked us our drinks (pink lemonade and raspberry iced tea) and then we get chips and salsa with watered down salsa  then the waiter comes about 10 mins later brings drinks (sprite/almost clear watered down raspberry iced tea) then he was helping the table next to us so after I call him and he kept on walking (maybe he didn't hear me) until the second time he came back and I got his attention then I order a coke instead and he takes our order. I ordered the mini chimies. 15 mins later I was greeted with dark brown on a plate and looked like they were fried in 10 day old dirty cooking oil or even possibly "refried" (wouldn't surprise me with all the watered down stuff) so because i had other stuff to do I decided not to complain and attempt to eat what they had given me and there are 6 which I ate 3 and I was tapped out on burnt grease...so he gives ME the bill which he watches me pull out my card and pay but when he comes back he hands my card and receipt to my guest.Well I thought last night was a mistake but it didn't end there. Today I STILL have an after taste of grease. I have tried drinking a bubbly soda and chewing gum, popped an anti-acid and nothing...I literally had to leave work early and now laying here in my bed feeling nautious  as hell and staying close to a toilet as I write this review.
1	Eek! Methinks not.... this clearly doesn't describe this place.  Eek! Foodpoisoning Ahead.  That would paint a picture like Bob Ross on this damn place.  1 out of the 8 beef mini chimichangas had chicken...  I think it was chicken, it's been awhile since I have tasted rancid meat... but it's a taste you don't forget.  The waitress didn't check on the food after we received it, manager ignored me at first and then asked me if he could get me something else.... didn't want me leaving "hungry."  Don't worry... hunger is that last thing on my mind.  I told a group coming in that is isn't too late to turn around... they will probably read this later, so... I told you so.
3	The food was really good. Especially the carnitas enchilada. Chips are good and fresh. I have to give three stars because the server waited twenty minutes to take our food order after we waited a long time for drinks already. Then the food took forever when there were only three tables in service!! Forever as in longer than thirty minutes, so while I don't usually eat the chips I didn't have a choice. The chef is very attentive to your allergies I must add. Eat here on a day when you are on serious chill. Oh yeah -- great top shelf margaritas!!!!
3	I've been here a few times for buffet style going away lunch celebrations. The food is OK and the service can really vary. Other people I know complained of slight sickness after eating. That hasn't happened to me.
1	No, no, no, no. That's all I can say if you are planning on eating here.  My daughter and I went in today, on a Sunday afternoon, because we couldn't find another Mexican restaurant that was open on Sunday in central Phoenix. The service was fine but the food was awful. The beans tasted like they came from a can (Rosarita brand) and the salsa was just barely palatable for the same reason. We each ate only half of our food before  leaving.  When the waiter asked how the food was, I told him and all he did was say he was sorry. No offer to bring something else or comp one of our half-eaten meals. Macayo's on Central used to have fresh food, now it is just stale and tastes like it comes from a can. You can definitely tell that they are cutting corners in the kitchen. For the prices they charge, You have a right to expect better food. I will never go there again.
1	The food, the service and the management are all in need of improvement. This place has gone downhill. I used to dine here regularly, but will definitely not go back again as my most recent visit left me irritated and hungry. My family, a coworker and I arrived for an early lunch so the restaurant had plenty of seating. I requested a table below a fan because they keep this place too warm. My daughter requested a high chair for my grandson. These two requests caused such an issue that we ultimately decided to put my grandson on my lap. The server we were seated with was one who had waited on me before and I knew she had a lousy personality, but I opted not to request a different server so not to cause a problem. That was a mistake. When she brought chips & salsa to the table,  1 bowl for 5 people, I requested my own chips & salsa - it's an OCD thing. I was nice about it, but she was rude anyway. Oh well, I chose to ignore it and play with my grandsons. Then time to order...I was trying to get a ground beef taco with the shell the way I like, instead of the way they usually serve it. She was so rude about it that I finally said, "just ask the kitchen and if they can't do it then let me know." She made so many excuses that I'm still not sure which shell I should have requested when they finally changed our server. After all this, my coworker gets a dirty soup spoon. She requests another and ends up with another dirty one. She requests another spoon - again - and my daughter requests one as well. My friend ended up eating her cold soup with a fork - as much as she could. After several more issues I finally go to speak with a manager. While I was gone, the server made a nasty comment about our party to a nearby table . Unbelievable! We get a new server, but still no spoons, who tells us we cannot have the separate checks we requested because the manager took 50% off our bill. The only issue then was that instead of any discount at all, we had been over- charged. At this point my daughter, who never complains, actually went to the manager herself. I was given my remade meal to go - which ended up in the garbage. We ended up with a full comp, but would still never go back. So disappointing to see what has happened here.
2	We were here for a family gathering.  They set us up in a nice room. The chips were good but the salsa was very bland and watery.  I got the a chimi which is a signature dish. The beef was ok but really didn't care for the cheese sauce. The rest   of my family said their food was just ok. I really expected it to be better.
4	I thought I didn't like Macayo's. Typically, I'm not a fan of chain restaurants, and because of the heavy Hispanic/Chicano population in the Southwest, we have a multitude of Mexican restaurants to choose from.But it was good. I went with a group of friends recently. I monkey see-monkey do-'ed and ordered what my friend ordered. The cheese enchilada was tasty, and the beef tamale with baja sauce. Oh yes. Das ist gut. I mean, muy bien. I went again a little over a month ago with a dear friend during lunch, and it was even better than the last time. We were cozied in a booth in the back, with a darling older blonde lady as our waitress. She was chatty and pleasant. My friend ordered a margarita in one of the fancy mugs for him to take back to Utah. I ordered a conconutty margarita, which was mighty tasty with lots of coconut on the rim and in the drink, as well as a hefty chunk of pineapple inside, as well. Excellent!The waitress was attentive but respected our space. The chips and salsa were uber fresh. They were so good, I could have come just for chips and salsa + a margarita. The food came very quickly, piping hot and the presentation was just so. Our lovely lady loaded us up with napkins (not gonna lie, I am a napkin hog), and we got to it. I ordered the tamale with baja sauce, and it was heavenly. We took our time to eat and sat in the booth with our food babies for awhile after we finished. The food was great and it was a nice experience. Looks like I need to chill on my chain restaurant snobbery, because I'll definitely be back.
1	The margaritas which Macayos calls "the best in Phoenix" are not. That's the nicest way I can say it. Just don't waste your money on them. The food is decent but bland. The guacamole was excellent. Problem is that any good Mexican food joint that can't give me a good margarita is OFF the list.The server was decent but they only had about half the service staff they needed.
1	Flat, old tasting soda.Burned cheese crisp.Watery salsa.Congealed re fried beans.Hair in rice.Peeling paint on walls.Half assed service.No Cholula sauce.Pass. Do not enter.I should have read the reviews first, but thought the outside looked retro and fun. That's Yelp karma...
4	Good/decent local Mexican food. Anything with Carne Asada or one the platters is worth a shot. Very good happy hour specials as well!
4	Repeat customer for 20+ years...today not so impressed with staff in bar...normally Greg or Joey upbeat very personable...today no bartender to be found (apparently their day off) one server in lounge too busy cleaning tables to even notice we sat for at least 5 minutes with no drinks or salsa while he continued to clean tables around us...decided to move to main restaurant where hostess didn't even care we were waiting and asked if we wanted her to tell her staff we were there lol ... sat with Gely in main restaurant thank her for making my almost horrible experience a plus....great service attentive!!!! Get rid of who is in your bar today!!!
1	Terrible service, and I ordered a items that were advertised as 8.99 but I was charged 11.99. Manager claimed that he was unable to change price in computer..what a joke. I will never go to that location again!
1	The manager contacted me with an apology but it was a joke!! Never even addressed the terrible service we received!! Never go to this restaurant!!
3	Three because meal was excellent, or it would be a 2.  Desert was aweful.  Fried ice cream was ice cream rolled in cornflakes and honey.  Flan was bland and almond slivers were charred.
2	The staff was super friendly.  They messed up my order but she rectified it quickly. My husband had the macayo tour meal and the portions were very small. Also the margaritas were very weak and tasted like water.  Although the staff was very friendly this is not a place I would visit again when I come back to Phoenix.
1	Went to celebrate with a party of 15 and they wouldn't let me in with my daughter because after 4 PM it's considered a bar. Security was extremely lazy in getting management when I wanted to speak to him. Finally he came and explained its the law I understand and respected that so I asked if I could just speak with my party for 5-10 minutes before i left since I drove there and they would not let me eat and was declined. Never going to recommend this place to anybody since not even a simple request could be made, I know it's the law but you can bend it a little for the customer and afford a 5-10 minute conversation.
3	Good place.  Friendly staff.  It has a nice little bar with a few TV's to watch the game, which is a lot to ask in Midtown Phoenix. :)
5	We had a party of 6 for a "meet the family" sort of event and showed up at 9 PM on Saturday night, and we received absolutely stellar service from our waitress Lincoln. Our original server disappeared after saying he would be right back, and Lincoln stepped in to pick up the slack, first taking our drinks and appetizer orders while she looked for our server and then taking over our table for the rest of our visit when he never returned. Everything came out quickly, all of our orders were accurate, our drinks and chips/salsa stayed refilled all night, and the food was great! Both the mothers that tried dishes with the Baja Sauce raved about it, and the two people that ordered the Sonoran Enchilada Sampler were very happy with everything. This was my most pleasant visit to Macayo's yet, and I can't say thanks enough to Lincoln for the top-notch service she provided for us! :)
1	Never go here for a family celebration. My family made reservations here for my graduation dinner, but they gave our table away and set us up in the bar instead. At one point they acted like we didn't have a reservation even though we dropped off a cake that morning. This was fine once fixed, but once happy hour started we were pushed out. Literally pushed out and the waiters threw my gifts onto the floor while they were trying to clear the table and get us out. The waitress messed up all of our orders and when we asked for patron margaritas she insisted on giving us house margaritas, which were nasty. The reason she wanted to give us house margaritas was because they were pre made. Horrible graduation dinner.
4	It is said the chimichanga was invented at this spot. Full-on bar and dance floor, banquet rooms, and large dining areas. I cannot believe after several years of yelp*ing and many more than that Macayo'ing I've never written a review for Macayo Numero Uno.  I like Macayo's.  Like an errant Military Macaw seeking the colpa of Cambopata, I peregrinate across the valley, West and globe, always returning for chips and salsa I hunger for, the dishes I love to eat, and in times of fat billfold and lack of will, the Chicken Poblano.  Yes, we fly off to other eateries, Sonoran and otherwise, but always returns to this traditional spot where the family has dined and occasionally drunk for more than five decades.  I think there's a half Macayo burrito in the fridge now, waiting for a microwave and a lunch....So fly my friends, fly.  The food is time-tested, the service good, the Macayo's experience repeated across our valley and on to Las Vegas.  There are vegetarian entrees, old standards, and occasional new seasonal menu items.  And remember, the climate is warming and every degree over 100 means you get a percent off.  Macayo's #1 on Central is the hottest one around.
