4	Bright and welcoming this new Fro-Yo spot is a must when the Arizona heat has you hot!  The owner was sweet and invited us to try all the flavors they had on tap that night, we tried a few but Tart is our favorite. I was very impressed with the fact that they offer Agave as the sweetener in some of their flavors. Fresh toppings and syrups are available to complete your treat and you can sit indoors or outdoors to enjoy your creation. Glad to have Yin Yang close by as I will return here for my Fro-yo fix.
5	This place opened a couple of weeks ago and my kids are in there every other day, luckily I get to go too. It's fantastic.
5	I was a little skeptical about trying a fro-yo place because they are popping up all around the valley, but when I stepped in here, I knew this place was good. They are very inviting and the atmosphere is relaxing. I come in every time i'm in the neighborhood. Yummy flavors!
5	SERIOUSLY...you have to give this frozen yogurt a try. It's different. It's so tasty. Better consistency. Sweet staff. They care about ingredients like nobody's business! No aspartame zone ;)
4	I went hoping to have the Bananas Foster, too bad they didn't have it.  I ended up with Cherry Amaretto, delicious.  I added a few oreo cookie crumbs and caramel sauce.  My little girl ended up eating most of mine.  Oh, well that is better for my hips.  My little boy loved his strawberry and cheesecake one.  The place is very nice and clean.  I am sure we will be back soon.
5	My favorite frozen yogurt. No artificial sweetener! Amy the owner is so nice. Always clean and the staff is friendly and helpful.
4	I tried this place awhile ago and wasn't impressed but I was hungry when I drove past today and went in for a second try.  I'm glad I did!  They really seem to have gotten their act together.  Real friendly staff and if you don't see a flavor you like they will definitely consider putting it on the rotation (which is one of the perks of an independent yogurt place).One of the better fro-yo in the Valley now that they have the bugs worked out.
4	The hubby and I love treating ourselves to fro-yo as often as possible. We decided to try this place since it was brand new and super close to us. It is a small yogurt shop but it's laid out well. The flavors are yummy and there's a good assortment of toppings - including mochi which was perfectly soft and chewy. They have a rewards card that has already come in handy for us since we've begun to frequent this place a couple times a week. We also tend to go right before closing time (I know, I know...it sucks but hey, we can't control when our cravings hit!) but the staff is always really cool about it. Great place to stop in for a treat!
4	No complaints here! We stopped by on a rainy and cloudy day last week, the kind of day where you shouldn't be craving frozen yogurt but have to get some anyway.I opted for the snickerdoodle and peanut butter flavors with andies mints on top. The yogurt was the perfect texture and temperature, not too creamy or runny.Ambience: a little cheesy but there is a fair amount of seating for a yogurt shop. I really like that they post the calories up on the wall, even if it is kind of an eyesore.Overall a very nice store, well-maintained, and friendly service. Will be back when I'm in the area.
4	Appears to have CLOSED DOWN. Baffled because hubby and I were just there on December 19th before the Christmas holiday. We made our way there today for some fro yo and did a double take when we couldn't find the shop! The sign above the store is gone and the inside is bare. Not sure what happened or if they are only (hopefully?) renovating? Hubs and I were disappointed. This location was super convenient for us and we loved the flavors offered here. Sad face.
