5	Best Airline in the Skys.
5	One of the best and easiest airlines to travel with.. and I believe they have a lil more legroom than most.. PLUS!
5	It's JetBlue. I love this airline. They just posted a $35 each way special yesterday.  I hope they continue to expand so they are at more airlines and more destinations.
3	My first time flying on Jetblue occurred a few weeks ago when I flew out to Vegas on business.  The prices for flights were great deals.  The flight attendants were friendly.  The plane was nice and I liked the fact that each seat had it's own TV monitor so that you can watch shows during the flight even though I was flying from Long Beach to Las Vegas.  Jetblue is the airline I plan to fly with on future trips.  The only thing that I had a complaint was the my flights were delayed going to and coming back from Las Vegas.
4	JetBlue is awesome. When you party in vegas and need to go home, you must fly back on a flight that keeps it light and fun. Plenty on inflight entertainment.... You know it's going to be a fun flight when the captain closes up his intro speech with the saying "get 'r dun!"
5	This is my 3rd flight flying JB...My first trip was a roundtrip from SD to BOS - Nonstop. It was great...Second flight was from LAS to Long Beach. The flight was less than 45 mins, smooth, and seamless. Snack and drinks were provided for the short flight and the staff is friendly. Free check-in for 1 bag which is a bonus because I always check my bags, even for short flights.Assigned seats and seats are more spacious than SW. If JB has more inexpensive flights out of SD to the places I travel to, I'd def fly with them more.
3	Perfectly fine terminals. Small but clean and well staffed. Love Jet Blue.
3	Here are the things I've learned flying JetBlue for the past five years.1. They are THE ONLY airline with nonstop flights from Las Vegas to Boston (and I mean Logan Airport in Boston. Not TF Green (RI) or Manchester (NH). The only other one is SouthWest that fly into Manchester.2. Their point system for their frequent flyer program called TrueBlue used to build up super fast. Now not so much, can't tell if it's because of their new point system or that flying costs more now. Either way they have done away with their expiration of points that use to happen if you didn't fly for a full calendar year.3. In the summer your flight will most likely be delayed because of heavy storms in the southeast US since their planes seem to work off of a triangle cycle. For instance, my flight back to Las Vegas from Boston was delayed because the plane was coming up from South Carolina which was experiencing a tropical storm. Also, they seem to rely heavily on their flights coming in on time as I have had flights delayed because the stewards that came in on a different plane were assigned to ours, and that incoming plane was delayed.4a. Love the fact that they had LCD screens in every seat with DirecTV and Sirius/XM radio, but the screens are seriously outdated and you can't plug in your media player in to watch movies on the screen (USB or Video in). I've been told by a JetBlue associate newer planes they are getting have USB and power adapters, but not in all seats (that's actually pretty typical, for instance Air Canada doesn't have power plugs at the window seats) along with in-flight wireless internet.4b. Because the LCD screens are outdated, the pay movies aren't shown in HD, so you get to spend $5 on watching a movie on a screen with the resolution detail that is less than a hand held device. The pilots seem to have become more stingy in their free movie comps. A late takeoff or small turbulence was enough to get the pilot to turn on free movies. Now it doesn't seem to happen at all :(5. If you live in Las Vegas, or any other city on the west coast, your choice for destinations to redeem your JetBlue points are really limited since they concentrate all of their business out of NY and Boston. Want to go to the Caribbean? You're connecting in NY. Want to visit family in Chicago? You're connecting in NY. A vacation in Florida? You have a choice: connect in NY or connect in Boston. In other words: You're going east to go west, and going north to go south. It's a lot of flying and not worth the time or stress.6a. They seem to have some partnerships with a few airlines, but usually to fill in service gaps for the other airlines, and mostly out of NY and, to a smaller degree, Boston. I want to fly to San Diego, JetBlue doesn't fly there. American Airlines does, too bad I can't build up JetBlue points by using American Airlines, but I can build up American Airline points on some JetBlue flights. Bottom line is if you travel a lot from LAS to major cities on the west coast then hang on to your SouthWest Rapid Rewards Visa card if you got one.6b. This one sided partnership is really frustrating since they brag about their partnerships with so many airlines, especially international ones, but is of little or no use to us in America. Especially if you're not in NY. These partnerships again only seem to serve as service fillers for international customers from other airlines who need to fly from NYC to Buffalo, or Boston to Cape Cop, or another destination that doesn't get that much air traffic.7. Love, love, love that JetBlue is in the new Terminal (3) at LAS. Terminal 1 was turning into such a mad house.
4	Both of my flights left on time or early and we landed early on both accounts!!!!  This never happens!  I'm a nervous flier, even though I fly a lot, and I really liked the communication from the pilots to the passengers about what was going on.  On the way to NYC they pointed out that if you were on the right hand side of the plane you got a great view of the Grand Canyon.  We had a bit of turbulence and the pilot came on explained he had talked to mission control and it was going to last about 5-10 mins.  He then told us to sit back relax, order a drink, and enjoy our flight.The only thing that would've made this review 5 stars is if we got faster beverage service. I swear it's like they wait an hour now before they even start and they do the snack pack service first. I'd prefer they have a beverage ordering system through their TVs, like Virgin does, as well as, snack pack ordering there too. So we can order within the first 10 mins of the flight and the flight attendants can start distribution of our drinks ASAP!
4	Jetblue is always consistent in its excellent service, on-time cheap flights, and relatively smooth flights.
4	I actually had a great experience with Jet Blue flying from Long Beach. Wonderful service, punctual, very accomadating. Would definitely fly with this airline again.
4	Always loving JET BLUE...try to use them as much as possible, and the added leg room in the seats is always a plus. Too bad they don't fly to enough cities, EXPAND Jet Blue EXPAND...
5	big spacious terminals, enough seating for passengers, and a decent amount of restuarants and slot machines around to keep you occupied. this is still one of my favorite airlines!!
1	I will never fly with JetBlue again. Each time I have flown with them, there was some arbitrary reason for the plane not functioning correctly. My first awful experience was last July 2012 when I was taking a flight from Vegas back to Long Beach. We boarded, sat on the plane which was stuffy and had no air circulation for an hour until we were told to deplane. Then 20 minutes later we got back on, sat inside the sweat box once again for another half an hour, and then had to deplane again only to be told the plane was broken and we wouldn't have another flight out until 3 hours later. To compensate, we were given a 15$ meal voucher and later on a JetBlue credit of 75$ (significantly lower than the price I paid for the ticket)Now I am sitting in the Vegas airport since my 7am flight, which costed 270$, was cancelled because some light was broken in the plane. Once again, everyone was given a cheap 8$ meal voucher and told we wouldn't know anything for at least an hour. Finally they announced the flight was cancelled, which then turned into mass confusion amongst all passengers as the JetBlue agents do not clearly explain on the loud speaker what we should all do.  Next, we are told to go out to the JetBlue ticketing area to book a different flight, only to be informed that the only available flight left will be at 6:22 pm. The rude agent said we could either book that flight or receive a 150$ voucher and figure out what to do with it....that is unacceptable, the plane ticket was 270$ and who the hell would want a JetBlue voucher after having to deal with their rude people and planes that constantly have problems. Customers deserve a full refund back to their credit cards, not credit to use for another JetBlue flight. Now I will be spending 12 hours in the airport as I wait for another JetBlue plane. This is the absolute last time I will book with JetBlue. It is worth paying a higher price for another airline that doesn't consistently royally screw up. NEVER AGAIN.
5	In my opinion this is the best airline out there.  The staff is super friendly, always greeted with a smile.  The first bag checked is free and they allow carryons, 2 bags are allowed #1 upper bin and #2 under seat.  Snacks are always provided Free even on 40 minute trip to Veags!!  Can't beat this bargain....
4	Big fan of Jet Blue. Commuting from Long Beach to Vegas is very convenient. Love the you can select your seat prior and they provide Direct-TV, water/soda and snacks. My flight from Long beach to Vegas, the TVs didn't work, but it was a 45 min flight, I decided to read. no biggie.Las Vegas airport is alright, slots everywhere.
4	JetBlue is a great airline, especially when I need to head back to Boston to visit family. It's located in the new terminal at McCarren. Jet blue has direct flights and flights that stop in NYC.  I also love the fact that each seat comes with its own tv to watch movies, sports news etc. prices are not bad if you book ahead or during off times.
5	jetblue!! best airline ever!!i am a consistent travel, twice a month every month throughout the year i travel and jetblue has never yet failed to correct or satisfy their customers. even when an aircraft breaks down or any personal issues, they have such strong customer service with satisfying their customers by either correcting the issue and being there for you at all times. other airlines other than virgin fail at this. there will always be incidents, delays, problems in any aircraft but jetblue is trustworthy that they will always take care of the situations. i tryuly thank jetblue with all my heart for being so professional, passionate about their customers and just truly deserve the best blessings that any airline could have!!#1 recommended!! jetblue#2 recommended!! virginthe worst rated airline out of the us:  spirit air :(
2	This flight was late, as seems to often be the case with Jet Blue. The TVs are nice, when they work.
4	Jet Blue is a very nice option for domestic flights because their prices are really great and their customer service is amazing. The seats are comfortable. The snacks are good and unlike most airlines its easier and less expensive to make changes. I typically fly American or their partners because I earn miles but decided to fly Jet Blue from Vegas to LAX since the price was so good and its not many miles to begin with. My friend uses their points system and always gets free tickets. I flew Southwest to Vegas but prefer Jet Blue b/c they give you an assigned seat so you avoid the Southwest "cattle call."
1	Delayed flights due to maintenance issues causes major inconvenience for people with connection flights and event schedules.  The person I was sitting next to missed a wedding because of Jet Blue delays.
5	I've flown JBLU almost exclusively for non-business flights the past 4-5 yrs. I've found the staff to be terrific and accommodating. Yeh, the cost has crept up a bit, but with my JBLU credit card I get  free flights.
1	Horrible Horrible Horrible!!!!!!For a dedicated customer whose been loyal for over 10 years, I've never been more disappointed in an airline than JetBlue Our flight was scheduled to depart at 2:45 pm over the New Years weekend and while we were waiting in line to check in, our flight was suddenly cancelled due to inclement weather.  That's not all. The rescheduled flight wasn't set to leave until three whole days later! Holy moly, i had to get back to work! That being said, they made no attempt to accommodate me or pay for the inconvenience. No hotel, no taxi voucher or nothing. They did offer a refund if I didn't want to take the ridiculous flight that was leaving three days later. I think you can figure out the choice I made. The heavens were looking over me that day and I managed to nab a late flight leaving to LAX 8+ hours later that evening. I swore never again to fly JetBlue but when February came around, I had to make reservations for a business trip and because my Amex preferred airline was JetBlue, I just took the leap of faith. I flew out of long beach with no hassle but when it came time to flying back home, trouble was brewing yet again. This time, the flight gate was changed last minute without any changes made on the overhead flight monitors. I was chilling in the airport lounge and checking the monitors periodically, and there was no gate change announcement until I arrived at the gate to depart. To add insult to injury, they stated the 5pm flight was delayed until 7pm for maintenance issues. 2 hours later, they dropped the bomb on us and said the flight was cancelled. I scrambled again, just like I did in January to find another flight. Thankfully I found another flight with absolutely no help from JetBlue whatsoever. JetBlue emailed me and offered a 75$ credit towards my next flight. Hmmmmm, would you fly again with them when your flight was cancelled twice in less than 6 weeks? I think not. I tried calling and asking for a refund or reimbursement for all the inconveniences (ie having to find another flight same night, leaving at a much later time than my scheduled flight, no accommodations, driving from Santa Ana airport to long beach to get my car, etc) The rep responded with a resounding "No compensation, only 75$ credit towards another flight" I asked to speak to a supervisor, she again responded with "No"  I'm done with this airline and if you have any common sense, you should avoid them like the plague. Horrible service, no regard or consideration whatsoever for their customers and completely unreliable.
4	Red eye to NY.  Nice new leather seats..yayNo internet or tv on this flight....boooooooooo
2	I love this airline for their plane size and accommodations.  However if you want to change a flight or cancel they take $150/per. So we received like no money back. We were going to just change the flight to a later date , they still take $150/per. I broke my leg and am not able to travel. Southwest lets you change all you want you just pay the difference in the flight cost.  I will stick with Southwest!!!
5	I flew to Vegas this past Friday Aug. 15th at noonish on JetBlue from Long Beach. Best decision ever. The airport is easy to navigate, the TSA line was not too long, the food and drink choices are awesome. Make to wear socks to cross over the TSA lines tho.....i'm glad I did! So the JetBlue checking in process was really easy, gave the representative my California ID and in seconds he printed my boarding pass. The flight was at 12:48PM and they started boarding at 12:15PM. Everything went smooth and the JetBlue reps were pleasant and helpful. I didn't check in any bags... finally made the "traveling light" dream a reality!
5	Fancy meeting blue here!  Whether you are bound for Vegas or Long Beach or even Oakland, this airline is an excellent choice.  The staff and services are very efficient.  The terminal is not too hectic or overwhelming to maneuver.  The flight from long beach to vegas and vice versa on JetBlue is quick and easy.  Try to book your flight online when there's a deal, especially the $49 rates.  So don't have the blues when boarding your next flight, feel confident that JetBlue will get you to where you need to be!
