5	Gone here every weekend since they've opened.  Hands down best breakfast burritos in the area.  Don't let the looks deceive you.  This place is worth a check-in.  Staff is also extrmenly friendly.
5	If you want authentic, delicious Mexican food this is it! The staff is very friendly too
5	Not gonna lie I've drove past this place a few times and haven't scene a soul. Said screw it I'm gonna try it and I'm glad there's a taco shop with flavor since the other last taco shops. Filabertos is so bland. And this one has great burritos and tortillas. Breakfast burrito, bean and cheese burrito, carne asada burrito were really good. Staff was very nice and friendly. Will be back again. Hope the word gets out on this place.
5	OH MY THEIR CARNE ASADA IS AMAZING! I notice it's usually pretty empty, but once I gave them a try I realized that they are my new favorite authentic mexican food! Five stars hands down
5	I finally decided to try this place and it was well worth it. I had their super nachos and breakfast burrito. Both were very good!! The food wasn't greasy and their tortillas are the best around-not dry and flaky but moist and tasty!!! Give them a try!!!!
2	Was looking forward to having a great Mexican neighborhood restaurant in this location. Extremely disappointed with our huevos rancheros. So so salty couldn't even finish. Beans would be excellent  if salt were reduced. Rice okay but again salted to the max. And my hubby felt the same, and he is one to always reach for the salt shaker.
5	So glad Betitos moved in after Fusion died a long torturous death. The tortillas here are sooo good. I've only had their veggie burrito, but I consider that a pretty good indicator of the quality of a taco shop's food. SO usually gets their rolled tacos. We'll be doing our part to keep them in business. Get the hot salsa, it'll grow hair on ya.
5	Yayyyyyyy! I just moved from Tempe to Gilbert and was so sad I wasn't near Betito's anymore and then we randomly drove by and they were opening right down the street from us in Gilbert. Thank you thank you thank you! I reviewed this place in more detail for the Tempe location if you want to see what I wrote before. Staff is the same at this location, they are so nice and treat me like family. They have great food in quality, taste, and value. This location will wow you inside- it was surprising how fun the decor was inside and they do offer a drive thru. I like everything on the menu- breakfast burritos: bacon, chorizo, and steak are what I usually order.Carne asada is always good, tacos, burritos, I haven't had anything I don't like. I'll be honest, the thing that makes me drool for this place is their dark red hot sauce. OMG it is seriously sooooo good! My husband loves the green which is delish too, a bit more spicy, but the red is just mmm mmm mmm so good!Try it and enjoy! :-)
5	amazingly great, love love the food. I highly recomend...you will absolutely enjoy their food.
5	OMG we just moved here to Gilbert and we've been looking for a Mexican place for a quick meal ... We found it!  I love this place! First time here and we'll definately be back. The beans are awesome
