5	These guys were great.  I called them out after my wife accidentally ran into the door and jarred the whole thing off track and snapped a cable.  The guys came right out the same day with a very fair price......and no service charge just to come out.  Everything was fixed quickly and we were good to go.  These guys know exactly what they are doing and I have no problem recommending them to anyone.Mark - Las Vegas, NV
5	I was really happy with their service!!!  Honest, polite, efficient, and fair with the price.
5	The owner went out personally and gave me a great price he beat whatever quote I had by over $300 and he did it on the same day.  The entire garage door was replaced.  I would use this company all the time
5	So nice when you can come across truly amazing service! I called this company to come out for an issue I was having on a property I manage, the man who came out didn't even charge me since he was able to fix the minor problem! Highly recommend this business!
5	Absolutely amazing company!!! Came out an hour after getting an outrageous estimate from another company to fix a broken spring. I eneded up saving $250 using them. The tech was very nice and explained everything that he be doing with the repair. Will use them again and recommend to friends and family.
5	Really enjoyed my garage door repair! A few  years back I had one of the other companies and was dissatisfied with their service so I decided to go with this company which was recommended to me by a friend. The tech that came was very friendly he gave me all the options did a great job. What I was happy about that he didn't try to push any unnecessary parts or upsell me. The price seemed very reasonable and he took the time to explain to me everything he did and how to do maintenance on the door myself. Would definitely recommend to anyone who is looking for a garage door service.
5	awesome company!i rarely leave reviews, but i was impressed with the service. my remote didnt work so i called them to get a replacement. they showed up on time and programmed the remote in a minuet. the tech took time to lube up the whole door and tightened the spring and the motor.(he said it is free and there is no charge).very happy, will recommend and use again.
5	Very happy with the technician who arrived today shortly after my call. Polite and efficient. Fixed only what needed to be fixed. Repaired rather than replace one expensive part. Gave some advice. Runs like new. Would call them again if needed.
