5	I had a great experience at Arcadia Foot and Ankle.  Dr. Cheney was really personable and thorough.  I was in from out of town and sprained my ankle, I was referred to her through the hotel. They worked me in right away, had xrays done in the office and didn't have to wait for anything.  I was able to enjoy the rest of my vacation even though i was hobbling a bit.  All in all, i would recommend this office and the staff was really friendly.
5	I am very thankful for Dr Cheney, I have 7 year old twins one of them had a very painful ingrown toenail. He was extremely sensitive about anyone even touching it. Dr Cheney was very gentle with the shot and kept him happy throughout the visit. She took extra time  with him. I couldn't have asked for a more compassionate and thoughtful staff. I highly recommend Dr Cheney to anyone that is having foot problems.
5	I am very thankful for Dr Cheney, I have 7 year old twins one of them had a very painful ingrown toenail. He was extremely sensitive about anyone even touching it. Dr Cheney was very gentle with the shot and kept him happy throughout the visit. She took extra time  with him. I couldn't have asked for a more compassionate and thoughtful staff. I highly recommend Dr Cheney to anyone that is having foot problems
4	This past January I ran the P.F. Chang's Half Marathon and had a minor issue, thought that I broke my right foot.  After looking through a number of reviews and locations. I decided to call Dr. Allison Cheney for a consult.  I scheduled the appointment and arrived a few minutes ahead of time to make sure that I would know where I was going and to ensure a parking spot.  Arcadia Foot & Ankle is near the super busy Chestnut Fine Foods & Provisions so thankfully there are two reserved spots at the front entrance.After filling in the required paperwork, I had a chance to talk frankly with Dr. Cheney about my concerns.  She took a few x-rays, examined my foot and set my mind at ease.  The foot was not broken, only slightly strained.  She was able to give me a script for an anti-inflammatory and we scheduled the follow up visit.  I went back after 3 weeks and got the go ahead to run again.I would recommend Arcadia Foot & Ankle to anyone looking for a good foot doctor in the arcadia area.
5	Dr Cheney is passionate about feet and that was a treat!! I originally visited the office due to plantars fasciatis. She was very thorough and spent the time discussing my condition. She also gave me an in-office treatment that helped alleviate the pain rather immediately. Her staff followed up to see how I was doing a few days later. The front receptionist gal could use some more people and "welcoming" skills but overall the treatment was a good experience. Thank you!!
5	After dealing with months of pain from Plantar Fasciitis I decided on the EPAT treatment.  After just 2 treatments I could walk with a dramatic decrease in pain.  The combination of EPAT and stretching allowed me to go back to the workout routine that I had been missing.
5	Turns out kitchen organizing in flip flops is a bad idea, long story short, I ended up with a black toenail and an ingrown from cutting it down too far. Another bad idea, bathroom surgery on your foot. Noted. Based on the referral of a friend and fellow yelper, I reluctantly took my problem child toe to Arcadia Foot and Ankle this morning. Dr Cheney is great, a hybrid of being understanding to my childlike fear of medical needles and procedures, yet straightforward about what I needed to remedy the issue at hand. I left feeling relieved and am back on the road to all 10 toes being a beautiful skin colored shade, sans ingrown toenails.
5	After a toe-injury that sent me to the ER several months ago, I started getting pain again and went on the hunt for a podiatrist I'd feel comfortable with. My health insurance site, Yelp, and the fates led me to Dr. Cheney's office and I was not disappointed.There was actually a podiatrist much closer to my house, but when I called that office repeatedly, no one ever answered. Needless to say, this worked to my benefit as I found Arcadia Foot and Ankle once I kept looking.  Everything has been smooth, from booking my appointment to going in the office. It was easy to find, the paperwork was minimal, and everyone I've interacted with has been professional and friendly - even Esther the awesome office dog!Dr. Cheney and her staff were thorough, asked all the right questions, and were genuinely interested in helping ease my discomfort.  After just a few minutes with Dr. Cheney, I understood so much more about my injury and how to prevent future pain than what I took away from my 6 hour saga in the hospital months ago.I also love that the office is digital and as an empowered patient I have access to the office via the web. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend her or this office to anyone with foot or ankle issues.
1	Really unhappy with the service and bedside manner of this office. The only hope is for nurse "g". The doctor didn't even know if I had been given a medication when she had my notes from urgent care, the receptionist is incredibly rude every single time. I would not recommend this place they are even rude to medical device vendors they referred me to.
