4	This place has a great vibe if you want to sit and read/study/escape the cold. It's also open early till late, which is nice if you need a caffeine hit in the evening. They've also got free WiFi, and I've never had any problems with it.They don't do big breakfasts/meals but have a good array of pastries, sandwiches, and soups - Which is fine because I usually only go for a snack, not a full meal. My personal favourite is their banana and choc-chip muffin. If you're after a Real Coffee (I'm from Australia, so that means espresso) it's the best place in Verdun. On top of that, their hiring policy seems to only include cute (generally short) French Canadian girls. I approve.
5	Cafe Baobab is one of those places which is really helping to change Verdun in a good way.They have recently expanded and now have a full on gelato bar, made in-house. Try the "Noisette" or "Pistacio", both fantastic!Free Wi-fi, open very early in the day till late at night, super-relaxed friendly vibe with natural daylight flooding the cafe, friendly staff, this is a great spot to come in to while away an hour or two on your laptop, meet a friend or read a book in peace while sipping on their excellent beverages like Hot Chocolate, Chai or coffee.
4	This is one of the few cafes opened in Verdun that is welcoming, cute and offers good food. We tried the gelato and had some coffee. It's a quiet and very relaxing, perfect for studying, reading or spending time with friends.
4	A fan! Love the vibe, the giant chalkboard menu and the availability of so many plugs for my computer. Great place to study if you don't mind the noise! Also, family friendly as there's a small table for kids to draw. Array of sandwiches/salads and wraps to choose from to keep your energy going while you chat or work, on top of coffee. Definitely going back! The smoothie menu looks yummy! It's the dead of winter, so it'll be a while before I try the gelato too! Food isn't drop on the floor amazing, but what a great study spot gem or just to hang out. :)
