5	So impressed! I had been living with my very sad cracked 5s for a little over 2 months & today I had finally had enough. I yelped iPhone screen repair & was all set to make the 20 min drive to a highly rated wireless store that did repairs sometime this weekend. Then the description for iCracked 2 reviews down caught my eye. A mobile company that came to me & fixed it within a reasonably short amount of time? Sounded good to me! It didn't have any reviews yet but the service just sounded too good to pass up so I figured I at least needed to look into it. I also figured they'd be a lot more expensive than other places considering they came to me, So I really just wanted to get a quote. The process was simple, I inputted my name, cell#, zip code, phone make & model & what problem needed fixing into their website & I was told I would hear from someone within minutes or up to a day or 2. I got an automatic text back letting me know my request was received & giving me the name & phone number of the tech that would be helping me. Within a couple of minutes, Eric texted me asking how he could help. I told him I was interested in getting a quote for a screen repair on an iPhone 5s & he replied back saying that it would be $90 & that the repair would take about 20 minutes. I was ecstatic! That was better than most groupon deals I've seen & super fast. I asked if he had appt times today & he said he did. I scheduled it for 4:30 & he was done in a little over 20 minutes, just like he promised! I'm still recovering from a nasty cold so my husband was the one to let him in & chatted with him while he did the repair & he said he was one of the nicest, most engaging young men he's talked to in a while!Top notch all the way around & although I hope we won't have to use the service again, I definitely know who we'll call if we do!
1	I left my contact info on their website today for a quote. I did receive a text message from someone named Eric Nyugen asking how he could help me. I told him I had an IPhone 5c with a broken screen that I needed repaired and was trying to find out how much they charged. I even included a photo of the phone and the damage to assist them in providing an accurate quote. That was at 12:42pm today; it is now 8:18pm and I have received no acknowledgment of my text, no further information... Nothing from this person... I would not recommend this company based on this negative correspondence and poor customer service.. I see no reason for the non response unless he was in a car accident or some other tragic event occurred (god forbid).. Regardless someone from the company should have continued to correspond with me as a business.
5	This is my first time using this  company and my icracked itech, Eric Nguyen, was the ultimate professional!!!!  I found this company yesterday. I checked out their website, followed the quick steps and within minutes, Eric text messaged me to find out my problem. We set up a time and place and he gave me a quote for my repair! He even text messaged me today to confirm our appointment time. He showed up a few minutes early and 40 minutes later my son's cracked iPhone screen was back to perfect!!  I absolutely recommend this company and especially itech technician, Eric Nguyen!!  It can be hard sometimes to find people/companies who are professional, courteous, and punctual.  I also like the fact that the quote he gave me yesterday was indeed the amount for today. Sometimes I receive quotes over the phone, etc. then when they come to perform the service it seems to have a lot more fees, etc, added on, which can be frustrating. Could not have had a better experience,
5	I'm also VERY impressed!!!! I have a seven month old baby and I can't really go anywhere and wait for hours. I thought it was interesting that this company would come to your house and do the service without any extra cost. I was a little scared to have someone come to my house specially when my husband was at work but I did anyways LOL!!! Eric came over, he was very professional and the service was amazing. I couldn't be any happier!!!! He was out in 20 minutes. It was nice to stay at home with my baby and get my phone fixed that fast. Thumbs up for sure!!!!
5	Eric is our to go guy here at Mercedes Benz of Henderson, great service , hes quick and price is fair !!!
5	So very very happy with the service. I didn't have a lot of time to get my phone repaired as I work on my phone as well as use it for personal. I had a meeting setup within a few minutes of contacting Eric and was able to get my screen fixed the next day. Within fifteen minutes, my phone was fixed and flawless of cracks. Amazing and fast service- friendly and flexible staffing (: thank you for fixing my life-line Eric!!!
5	I'll never go to anyone else to fix my iPhone! Absolutely the most convenient and quick repair I've ever had. I tell everyone I know about it whenever they need help fixing their apple products.
5	Dealt with a gentlemen named Eric. Very chill and honest guy. I went to him for my girlfriends iPhone 5 screen repair. Not only was it cracked, the LCD behind it cracked so the screen looked like a rainbow. Eric fixed my girlfriends phone with no problem at all. Give this guy a chance if you need the work done. Fair price.
1	Useless.  I'm told they "don't do iPod classics", even though I already have the replacement parts AND tools, I just need help with the labor.
5	Great service by Eric! I went online and received a quick reply by text. Got a quote right away. Value/price was more than fair--especially for same day service and  for Eric meeting me at the Starbucks close to my house. I believe it took less than 20 minutes. It was fascinating to see him work so fast as he replaced the screen on our iPhone 5c; I'm glad I didn't try to fix it myself.
1	This will be concise: we requested a quote for my iPhone issues, and were immediately sent a text by the technician, Eric.  I wanted to support him because he is a UNLV grad and had good reviews.  He gave us a reasonable estimate but said he could not do the repair until the weekend was over because he was missing parts.  We told him never mind because we needed it done over the weekend.  He wrote back that he located the parts and gave us a time frame.  We agreed to a specific time and location on Sunday.  He said he would text us when he was on his way.We never heard from him, so at the scheduled appointment time, we texted and called him.  We did not get a call back or a text back.  So he is unreliable and I still have a broken phone.  Don't waste your time.
5	A month ago, I needed my iPhone screen repaired and stumbled onto iCracked through a search on Yelp. It just so happened that I was in New Jersey headed to the airport to fly to Las Vegas for work. The local NJ iCracked technician told me to enter my hotel address on iCracked.com once I was settled in LV. Already, I was having a great experience of high-quality customer service. Fast-forward, I'm at the pool at Caesar's Palace, submitting my iCracked request, and Boom! Eric responded with a text instantly. We were organizing a meeting to fix my iPhone right at the pool! I was being given the same high-quality customer service and expertise I had received from the tech in NJ over the phone. My iPhone 5 looks brand new and it costs less than a repair/refurbed phone from Apple or a cell company. I am EXTREMELY impressed and am still talking about it today. Well done, iCracked.com.
5	Eric came to my house at 4:00 when I called him at 2:00. He took about 20 minutes to replace my cracked iphone5 screen for $80. He was friendly, professional and reliable. He used to work for tech support for Apple so he knows what's he's doing. He came back 2 days later to replace my battery which hasn't been holding a charge.  I highly recommend him for repairs to your electronics.
5	This my second time using Eric... He picks up and drops off.  High quality iPad/iPhone repair.  It is a phenomenal service!  Thank you Eric!
5	Excellent service.  I submitted my request thru the www.itechs.com website.  Within minutes, my technician, Eric, texted me.  Within 5 minutes of that we had a date and time to meet later that day.  Eric was running late but texted me in more than enough time for it not to be inconvenient.  The repair was quick and painless (and very well priced compared to other repair places).    Eric even has a selection of screen protectors for my newly fixed device at very competitive prices.Thanks, Eric!!!!   Five stars!!!
