2	Went in for MRI.  Tech was abrupt/rude ti me when I said I did not want to leave my ID up front unattended.  (Have been an ID theft victim in the past.)  Would have been a 4 star without... would have been a 1 but the tech did eventually apologize.  Not my usual experience, but felt disrespected and disregarded... a little more time and consideration, 10 secs more and an acknowledgement of my concerns would have made all the difference.
1	I called to make an appointment for an x ray and was told to walk in. I waited for over an hour before I was seen. Are you freaking kidding me? That was the whole point of my call. I will never go here again.
3	It's odd.  I've had the exact same experience at two different locations.  Both times, I've had an appointment.  Both times, they were running considerably behind and I waited an hour past my appointment time.  And both times, the techs were extremely personable and apologetic about the wait time.  I get that emergencies happen (which apparently is why they were running so late).  But I have things to do too and making me wait an hour past my appointment time makes me an unhappy camper.    The solution seems easy.  Call the people with appointments.  Let me know you're running late and by how much.  Give me the option to get other things done OR at the very least, prepare for a long wait.  This doesn't seem hard.  What am I missing?
1	1. Like all the other reviews, I waited way past my appointment time.2. The tech did not introduce themselves nor talk to me at all to make me feel comfortable.  3. They did not once explain what the procedure was or what they were about to do.4.  Unlike ALL doctor's offices, the tech did not leave the room when I changed.  Simply said, "Don't worry, I'll turn around."  5. There was NO explanation of my results, just a one-word answer.  6. They just wanted me to get out.  I was treated like a product and not a person. Horrible service at this place, please please choose wisely.  I have never had an experience like this with a doctor.
5	I came in early this morning and didn't wait longer than 15 minutes! The imaging tech was very friendly and made conversation to make me comfortable while taking the x-ray. They also sent the images very quickly to my doctor's office making the diagnosis easier. The waits can be an annoyance if you go in the afternoon or evening but they do warn you that it is walk in only on their website and posted on signs throughout the office.
