5	I have to give this place a five considering I spend more time here then at school or studying etc. So far this place has been great I'm 20 years old and love this place cuhz I can come at 12am and be here alone some people may say it's an old folks gym due to size period bt I just think those people are looking for excuses anyways I think if you have the  determination and time you will be fine anywhere this gym is just a great gym for me cuhz I like to lose myself and be alone so if you think this might be the place for you go on down check it out for yourself meet the staff there all pretty cool people and will work out a plan for you. Just do it!
3	This place is nice and clean, has a variety of equipment, and the staff is polite. It's not the cheapest gig in town, but it's not the most expensive either. However if you want to cancel your membership you can't do it in person, or online, OR by phone. You have to send a certified letter to the billing company. Seriously. It's the 21st century, come on people!
5	Work it out!I am not the biggest fan of working out, but because I don't want to gain weight. I do it anyway. My experience here  is always great. Brian is very alert to my needs. I first started with a 14 day pass a while back.Now I can honestly say that this place is definitely worth your money. They have a wide variety of machines available for you I mostly just use the cardio machines. Randomly will lift weights. My experience here is great and I know yours will be to, the customer service is on point. The have alot of machines to use. Prices are decent.
4	The closest gym to my place. I like the fact that this gym isn't too crowded and busy, and when I come in on those 2 a.m. (after a long poker session) work out sessions I literally have the whole gym to myself! :)Membership prices are $35 a month + a sign up fee if you go month to month. They also have a $250 annual membership plan as well and couple plans too. You can also bring guests a few times a month for free as long as you check them in. The price isn't the cheapest I've come across but I don't mind paying a little extra for convenience and location.The gym equipment is all new and well maintained. They also have a tanning machine available but it's only allowed to be used during normal business hours even though the gym is open 24/7. Also keep in mind that they don't have a shower room either. And the lockers are on the smaller side.
5	I really enjoy this gym and am extremely happy we walked in to check it out. 1. Open 24 hours 365 2. There are no crowds!! 4. A great variety of well taken care of machines and other equipment that you don't find at ordinary gyms.5. Free tanning at this location! 6. Free Zumba, yoga, and other classes! Every location is slightly different and offers slightly different prices. We spoke with Brian and he was extremely informative and helpful! Thank you Brian! Glad to be a part of the anytime team!
5	As much as I'm here, might as well leave a review....unlike larger gyms in my area, Anytime is always clean and well kept.  Never a wait for machines or equipment.  Friendly fellow gym goers makes the atmosphere pleasant.  Can't beat the fact that you can come and go as you please, 24/7 and 365.  They offer free tanning as part of your membership as well.  Would love to see a stair master added at some point {hint, hint}
5	This place is always clean and never crowded.  I can get in and get out when I want.  it is hot and have had to cut my workouts short due to the heat, but other than that there's no better place to workout.  I agree with other people, this gym could use a stairmaster.
1	One employee can really ruin an experience. Let me start out by saying Brian the manager is a really nice and professional guy. The gym is clean and they offer free tanning. I was planning on joining until I met Jim, he is extremely rude and condescending. He gave me attitude about the sign in sheet(which I was unaware of), when I asked for him to turn on the tanning bed he said "I just turned it off" and then told me to wait while he was on his cell phone. Last but not least he informed me that they didn't have to honor the 2 week pass I got from Yelp and did I intend on joining. I told him yes that I had already discussed this with the manager and would be joining in a few days. The next day I planned on going to work out but I didn't want to deal with this guy again, so I called and asked if Brian would be in. I was informed it was his day off and against my better judgement I went anyway. I brought my credit card and was prepared to join, as I was signing in Jim met me at the door and said  " I told you yesterday your pass was no longer valid.". He never even gave me a chance to walk into the office and it went really bad from there. I worked years of customer service and I make it a point to be courteous and friendly with everyone. I am extremely disappointed that I will have to go elsewhere.
