4	Here is why I love this place:  The friendliest, most genuine and engaging people work here. Yes, i know I am in Canada, but I have stayed in a many hotel in canada and the people didn't stand out, I mean they were nice.......but this is more than nice. I almost want to stand at the desk and talk to them all night and get to know them and let them get to know me. The rooms are really large and the details are very meticulous.  You can tell that if there is even a sign of a crack or drip or dirt, they are determined to not let their hotel fall apart.   I have been living here for two days and I have two to go and It feels like a home away from home. It's a very inviting, warm and comforting place.
4	Exceeded our expectations. I'd venture to guess this Best Western is among the chain's best properties. Clean and well maintained, we stayed in what I consider to be a larger than average, and larger than expected, room. Free, fast wifi and a very good, if busy, breakfast buffet. The building is very nice too, matching the surrounding area's old-timey feel and is within walking distance of the awesomeness that is the St. Jacobs' Farmer's Market.
4	Great place! Excellent staff, pleasant and comfortable rooms. I would definitely stay here again.
4	Quite nice. My wife and I stayed at this hotel for two night, returning after a one-night stay last year. We would return again.Positives:- modern and interesting decor- lots of comfortable space in the lobby, including a bistro we visited twice (the burger and pizza were good and it's a nice place to relax and have a few drinks at the end of the day)- our room with fireplace and jacuzzi was very spacious, and the jacuzzi was impressive - there is coin guest laundry on the second floor and a gym with relatively new equipment- the hotel is well kept and had tasteful holiday decor during our visit - it didn't feel like a generic hotel- the small store off the front desk is handy and even stocks some little dessert items- close proximity to the St Jacobs farmer's market, outlet mall, and village Neutral:- The bed was comfortable, but not as comfortable as some Westin-brand hotels we've stayed in- There was no bathtub in the non-jacuzzi/fireplace room other family members were staying in. Not an issue for us, but just something to be aware of depending on whether you like a big standalone shower (which that room did have) or a bathtub (which it did not)Negatives:- The first room we were assigned was clearly not ready when took our bags up; the door was propped open and the bed was not yet made. Front desk did quickly apologize and reassign a room, but not a great start to the stay- Hallway noise is noticeable from within the room; noise from housekeeping in the hallways in the morning woke up my wife - These are minor, but the fireplace is on a timer that has an audible ticking noise you can hear from across the room (not great if you put the fire on to relax), and the thermostat for the room is located near the fireplace so it triggers air conditioning when the fire is on if you don't adjust and then re-adjust when the fire goes out. Small, but a few design things the hotel could improve about these particular rooms
