1	Never ever use Pitney Bowes for postage.  Their service is terrible, and prices are exorbitant.  And as for the leases, let me quote my attorney, "This is the most oppressive lease I think I've ever seen, and I've seen a few. First, the lease is really a financing arrangement with PB credit corporation which disclaims any responsibility to make sure the equipment works. You are obligated to pay this lease whether this equipment works, whether it is destroyed, whether the world blows up.. . . . I might also "flame" them on the web simply because they deserve it.." Consider it done!
1	DON'T DO BUSINESS WITH PITNEY BOWES!!!!  One of the worse businesses I've ever dealt with!  My husband used Pitney Bowes for 12 years even though the prices weren't the best.  When he sold his business we called to close his accounts.  He had a credit line and a postage meter.  The credit line was supposedly closed on my first call in May 2013.  I was referred to another person to handle the meter.  I missed the 1st call by the cust. ser. rep. and it just went down hill from there.  I have called, emailed, and written numerous letter but can't get either account closed and I still keep getting bills.  I can't get anyone to respond and say where to return there postage meter.  I try every month to close the account and send them their equipment!  Its almost the end of November 2013 and I don't think this mess will ever be over.  THEY ARE THE WORSE!!! BEWARE!!!!
1	If I could give them a zero star, I would. The lack of effeciency, lack of customer service and the inability in reaching somone at Pitney Bowes for service is the worst I have seen in all my years. I spent over 4 hours just trying to get someone to help me and still have to wait for a service tech. I had been transfered several times, each time waiting for over 15 minutes at which point I finally get a message at 9am in the morning telling me the office is now closed and then get cut off. Unbelievable! What a way to do business. As I'm on the phone I'm also online trying a different method. The online rep tells me he can't help but when I theaten to write a yelp review his tune quickly changes. What a total waste of my time. Find another avenue to get your postage. This company doesn't seem to care about it customers. You will not only end up disappointed but very frustrated. Not worth your time. Go elsewhere.
