4	An elderly Las Vegas restaurant that serves primarily Swiss, German, and French dishes in an atmosphere matched in antiquity only by your grandmother's rotten old living room. Swiss Cafe has been a Vegas institution since 1972. I remember eating duck with juniper berries here for Thanksgiving when I was in elementary school. They have yet to update a single furnishing or decoration in the intervening decade since. The alfresco dining area has seen better days- the marble tabletops are stained and chipped, the white fencing is rusted, and the "garden" greenery has been laid to rest for sometime. In defiance of its stale, VERY Swiss interior, the food here is good. I don't like Swiss or German or Austrian food - in fact, the entire time I was in Germany and Austria I avoided eating anything traditional (save for pig knuckle and beer). However, the schnitzel here is something I will eat for the sake of tradition and not completely hate it- it's lightly breaded, almost like a tempura rather than a big thick coating of greasy breading like you find at Vegas' Hofbrauhaus (which, by the way, is an insult to the original). Entrees come with fried spaetzle, which I found too crunchy, and sweet purple cabbage is served in place of sauerkraut, which was very good. The escargot was decent enough, although they serve them in "their" shell making eating one of these suckers an exercise in dexterity. The soups are okay- the shrimp bisque was creamy and subtle, the French onion was unspectacular. Not too many fun German wine options - the only Riesling on the menu was $60. Service is very good because this place is always so dead (only two other tickets over the course of our three hour dinner). Overall, Swiss is a casual, relatively inexpensive continental restaurant that is worth going to for the excellent Schnitzel and the vintage vibe.
3	Well...I thought this would be a good choice for a late lunch/early supper since I got it into my head that Pecos couldn't be all THAT far from Spencer.  I got it into my feet, too.  I was on foot, and too stubborn to catch a bus or turn back.  Hence the Swiss Cafe idea to break up my "hike".  It appears that Swiss Cafe is no longer in business, and when I tried to call for details once I'd return home (not only do I refuse to own a car, I refuse to carry my cell phone), I discovered the number is no longer in service.
3	Over all this was a good place. It has been closed for over a year!
