5	Enjoyed a GREAT cup of peppermint tea here this afternoon....also bought an interesting book I couldn't find elsewhere...great place. I'll be back!
4	The coffee here isn't what sets this place apart; it's the music selection. It's a really cool store filled with great music and a lot of locally printed tshirts. The cafe portion is small but stocked with a large espresso maker and baked goods that appeared to be from Dozen, but I could be wrong.
4	I went to the opening of 720 Records and have been back a handful of times. The coffee is consistent -- Nate is a new barista so it takes him a little bit longer to prepare anything but he's very congenial and  strikes up a conversation with you to pass the time. The music selection is no Jerry's Records but it's good and the staff makes excellent recommendations. I like that they have a wall display of records that they switch up for people to peruse as well. The merchandise (shirts, books, etc) offers a wide selection of locally printed Pittsburgh-centric shirts that any yinzer would be proud to own. The prices for records are about standard fare, although Jerry's Records is cheaper - the merch however is reasonably priced.Once 720 starts creating venues, aside from having the DJ station occupied, I don't doubt that they will feel comfortable with their new home in Lawrenceville.
4	Randomly stopped in here to grab a cold drink from the heat yesterday and was pleasantly surprised to see the music-cafe combination. The barista/cashier was super nice and friendly and made me an ice coffee and my friend a blended drink. Both were really good. I would return back here if I am in the area and need a coffee fix.
4	720 is a cool little place: It's name is a good indicator of what you'll find inside: A cafe area where they serve Bob Marley coffee among other mixed coffee and espresso and tea drinks. A little past that you'll start to see rows of records, with the most attention given to hip hop, then soul and jazz, and the oddly-placed indie hits(Why the Pains of Being Pure at Heart S/T is in the funk section, I don't know if I'll ever understand). Beyond that you'll see a selection of locally screen printed T-shirts, some Pittsburgh related, some not, most of them are very cool. 720 is interesting because it seems to be run in such a way that most people would want to run their business. Take all of the things you like and put them together in one shop. You like vintage clothes? They just added a section for it this week. These guys can cook? They just added a monthly Sunday Brunch - which was awesome, totally vegetarian(totally vegan except for the omelettes) - for $13 all you care to eat every last Sunday of the month.They may not be the best in all of the categories they try to compete in, but they love everything they do - meaning that it is all at least quality, and the small selection means that care goes into the things they choose to associate with their shop. It is definitely worth it to stop in, grab a coffee, listen to these guys DJ some tunes and peruse the records while you just hang out and enjoy the environment.And I reiterate - try the brunch on the last Sunday of every month, especially if you're vegetarian. The mix of asian and latin foods are refreshing.
5	That coffee shop in the nieghborhood you see on TV and always wanted to be a part of.Music, cool vintage clothes and the atmosphere of a friendly neighborhood. Like Cheers, with coffee
5	This place has everything I love. There is a sweet little coffee/tea cafe in the front, followed by a unique collection of records and posters (the selection here is just a little D-I-F-F-E-R-E-N-T), and in the back is a unique selection of clothes for sale. I gotta say, the jams they play here when you are sipping some coffee and doing some reading are awesome. I noticed they have DJ turntables set up too so I assume sometimes there is a DJ spinning the tunes. Great unique place in Lawerenceville. A must see!
4	Of course I'm gonna love this place. A specialty store for hip hop records that serves great coffee and has performances by artists like Onra? I couldn't have dreamt up such a place! I mean where else in the world let alone Pittsburgh are you going to find a store with old Brand Nubian records next to Africa Bambaataa  next to Black Sheep (I'm getting chills writing this sentence!). My only grudge is that their food, though very ambitious in its eclectic menu, leaves much to be desired.But who cares? I could probably spend all day here going through their records alone. This place is a gem.
5	Only 8 reviews?! C'monnnn, people!Do you remember that time in college when you had a dream of opening up a hip little record store with some vintage threads and cool books -oh and don't forget there should be a little coffee shop- with maybe the occasional show there once in a while? I can safely say I spent half my youth dreaming of running a place like that. It seems the owners of 720 had that idea, that dream, and ACTUALLY PULLED IT OFF. Everything here absolutely rules. It's not the kind of place you just pop in to pick up one record - you sit, you stay a while, you have a cup of coffee and enjoy the tunes. The ambiance here is perfect.The records, clothes, and food were all pretty spot-on as well. I enjoyed a peppermint matcha cookie with dark chocolate and a San Pelligrino orange soda while I perused their carefully curated records and selection of women's vintage clothes. Their vinyl is a combination of new and used, with some local flavor tossed in the mix. I seriously could've stayed there forever, were it not for my wallet begging me to leave. I wound up picking up one record, but definitely could see myself going back for clothes, tchotchkes, books, and maybe a cool show. It's a bit pricey, but really no more or less than most other record stores. Besides, you're also paying for the hang-and-chill factor. My only wish is that I could live next door!
4	Great spot. 720 has had many iterations over the years, but it seems they've finally - pardon the pun - found their groove. The big attraction is certainly the music. Not a huge shop, but incredibly well curated stock. If hip hop, soul, r&b or local music is what you're after, stop here and you'll likely find it (lots of 12"s too). The monthly brunches are worth checking out too. Again, not a huge selection (and get early - the amount of food is limited), but something unique, different - and definitely has a strong community vibe going on. It seems like the folks at 720 aren't afraid to experiment a bit. There are all sorts of events happening at the store. This kind of unique spot is hard to come by; I hope they're around for years to come.
4	The Sunday brunch there is pretty good, but for 15 dollars I don't know if I'd go every time they had one.  They had a giant selection of mixed cuisines ranging from waffles to Indian dishes. I'm not a huge coffee connoisseur but I could even tell the difference here. I loved the coffee - it was brewed to perfection.  The environment was really relaxing and whenever you got bored of eating you could just take a walk around the store and peruse their collection of records and retro clothing.
5	fabulous women's vintage clothing/dresses by 720 vintage.  wanted to buy all of them.  the coffee was delicious, and the barista was super friendly.  nice selection of records for those into hip hop and soul.
2	Two rude individuals were allowed to completely take over and dominate the only two group seating areas so that my friends and I were forced to sit very uncomfortably off in a corner at some rickety little school tables.  My suggestion to the management is to do a better job policing this unless you want to reduce your customers down to a few obnoxiously entitled people.Where is your menu?Why were there no ice cubes?Why is everything served in to go cups?No gluten free pastries.
4	Excellent service. Fun atmosphere. The coffee is a rich dark brew. But if you like that sort of thing, it's great.
5	This is a very chilled spot - the owners are nice - this place breeds culture - worth supporting!
5	This is hands down my favorite place in Pittsburgh. After moving here from NYC two years ago, I've struggled to find places where I feel like I fit in. I can't pinpoint it, but I've definitely felt like an outsider in this city. I originally came into the shop looking for records for my brother who is a DJ living on the west coast. They have a killer record collection and I was able to find everything I was looking for. I noticed they weren't just a record store, but a clothing and coffee shop as well. Earlier this year, I went to a different coffee shop every week trying to find a place I'd be comfortable spending some time on my laptop. After many tries, I still hadn't found the right place where I felt 100% comfortable. I found that place at 720!The coffee is served a big ceramic cup and you receive 1 free refill. They play great music (my favorite, tribe called quest often in rotation during the day). There are also a variety of seating options, from a table by the window, to places tucked between record displays. The vibe here cannot be matched! It' cool, chill, and friendly. Give it a try if you're in need of some vinyl, vintage clothing, or a big cup of joe.
