4	One of the best sea food place in Montreal
5	Oh my goodness, yum!This high end restaurant is a good place to go when you want a good Mediterranean flair to your fish!  I was a guest where we mostly ate family style.The restaurant is elegant place where the matire' d warmly greets you and brings you to you table immediately.  He spoke English gracefully,  not at all acting put upon to not speak French with youWe shared hummus, baba ghanoush a garden salad or two and an order of fattoush amongst ourselves w/ fried pita & fresh pita. I haven'tIt was Wednesday when they make chicken soup.  You must order it.  It's the wholesome classic soup with perfect broth.We almost all had striped bass, served whole on  a simple platter adorned only with fat lemon wedges; another had the salmon.  Delectable, delicate flakiness.  If I could ever find it again, I will def come here!
5	I'm a fan, plus. Some of the best fish I've ever eaten, ever. Fresh sides and appetizers - yay. And the experience of choosing your actual fish if you want to - cool. I found the fish prices to be reasonable but I think that the apps are a little pricey. Still, this place is a winner. Enjoy!
3	I went with my family a few months ago. All their meals were good and I would give it a 4-star rating, but I ordered octopus and instead of bringing me balsamic vinegar they brought me soy sauce. It ruined the entire meal, so I told them to take it back and bring it back with vinegar...they brought it back with soy again. One mistake is acceptable, 2 is not.
5	Great service by Milad. The man can sell sand to the desert. Fish and seafood that is fresh and at unbeatable prices.  I used to go to Milos for my fish I am glad I fwas told about this place.Think La Mer but Lebanese.
5	Wide selection of extremely fresh fish and fantastic service from the young Asian fellow. Even throws in authentic Arabic words.I thjnk the fact the fiah market is attached to the restaurant thatbis always busy makes this place better than most fish markets because of the volumes they move. The snapper and stripped bass are a must.
4	A Lebanese couple in Montreal brought us here about 2 years ago, asserting that this is the best restaurant of this genre in Montreal. We were not disappointed and it remains one of the most memorable dinners we've had in Montreal.We came here again recently, this time on our own. The service is good, just not over-the-top.  I've come to expect waiters to be enthusiastic and knowledgeable - introducing the menu and the specials / signature dishes. But we were pretty much left alone to figure things out, and he only came by long enough to take orders.Food is outstanding, as other reviewer have said. I have only one thing to add: TRY. THE. GRILLED. OCTOPUS!
