4	They should change the name. They should change something. They actually sold their brewery equipment to a young kid in California, and no longer serve their own brews. Still, they do carry Sin City and Fat Tire, which pleases me.Every time I've been in there, they're playing 80's music videos on the TVs hanging about, which also pleases me. This place just looks cool. Rugged brick walls; tough-looking, hand-welded tables, chairs, and stools; bare copper ducts hanging from the ceiling; unfinished cement arches and brackets ... just looks rough and edgy, but in such an artistic way that it's "ocularily pleasing." And I just intentionally made a "vocabularial blunder," because I'm lacking the brain power to write good today. ,'; )I've always had a nice time here. I picture this as a fun place to take a date, and it's definitely got the capacity to accomodate a large group. The service has always been top notch, too. The bartenders are friendly, and interested in serving you. One of the managers, Jory, actually came out and chatted it up with us one night, just for fun. Cool chick.So, go to the Brew Pub (sans brewing facilities), and feel confident that you will be well taken care of. Oh, and if you have the munchies, they serve some awesome grub, such as fried cheddar bites ($7.95), lettuce wraps ($8.95), soups, salads, burgers (Big Honkin' Cheeseburger!, $9.95), BBQ sammiches ... whatever tickles your fancy.
2	A few years ago I would have given this place a 4 or 5, but now it's brought itself to a 2.  Stupid bastards.  Apparently the management decided to keep the name "Brewery" just because the warehouse-y space looks like a brewery.  Too bad they don't make their own micro-brews here anymore.  Our waitress, who was great, said that because the tram that connected the hotel to the Mirage was closed down, the brewery aspect of the restaurant was shut down, too.  Makes no sense to me, but it was a total buzz kill when she told us that we couldn't get the flight of house beers...the reason to go here!  The food is still good, but without the beers, it's just another American dining place.  Yeah, they play games on the projection screens and sometimes have live music acts.  But BRING BACK THE MICRO BREWS!  If you want craft beer, get a free Sam Adams from the girls in the casino instead.
3	This joint is hit or miss on the nite scene...Depends on wut their playin I guess...But if U venture wit a crowd of frenz, its all good...Hot Mama Karen hipped me to this spot...Nice!
2	What the hell happened?This place used to be part of why I never minded staying at the Monte Carlo.  This was the easy place to find excellent craft brews on the strip.  I would actually seek out this place to play some blackjack because I knew the Monte Carlo house brews would be available and the waitresses were always eager to bring them to you.Now everything has changed.Yeah, they still serve beer in giraffes (large long tubes that have a spout) which are really just creatively designed pitchers that serve more to let everyone know you intend to drink your weight in beer than anything else.  Now it appears their house brew is the Sin City Stout, which tastes more like a awful version of Beamish.  Yeah, they have a decent selection of beers still but nothing original and definitely nothing you wouldn't be able to find anywhere else.  As with most dining institutions in Vegas, it has turned to cater to the masses instead of enjoying its former niche crowd.
5	We had dinner here one night and the prices were great very cheap. We also ordered one of those long beer things. The food was great we had a variety of appetizers & salads. The atmosphere was great and the music was 80's, 90's & todays music....very cool. I believe it turns into dj dancing after like 11pm or so on the weekends.I would come here again!
3	Chill family time @ the pub.The micro-brews are not around...but at least that huge giraffe was.  The martinis the girlies ordered were strong.Thumbs down for closing the kitchen relatively early...10pm....by Vegas standards.
1	No no no.  No beer, no service, no fun.  If you want a quiet corner to read a book or take a nap in Vegas, come to this place.  They need to remove the "brewery" from the name or start brewing some beers.  Or better yet, start over and put something new in this space.
3	This place, kind of sucks...however, they have 5L beers! I know! I was excited when I was told this could be ours. Anyway, when you walk in, the music is really loud and obnoxious. There are also a bunch of flat screen tv's around all showing the people dancing on the dance floor. Anyway, it's worth going just for the beer, but not for anything else.
2	I have to agree with Steven R.  "what the hell happened?"  This place used to be cool.  It is not even a brewery anymore, deceiving name!  We got jacked around by the staff as well.  We were told we could not sit at a table because we were not eating.  We asked if we could sit at one of the high tables on the side.  We were told yes.  Then a waitress came over and told us we couldn't sit there, we had to sit at the bar.  The bartender was slooooow .  Plus they had crap beers on tap.  I like bud light, but sometimes I want something different, a "real" beer for a change.  After trying their other beers, we ordered bud light.  We got a small giraffe.  Which is 100 ounces?  I can't remember, haha.  To my surprise it stayed cold the whole time (about 30 min) and was only $22 and we got a lot of beers out of it.Another bad thing is the restroom is not in the bar, it is down the hall.  And if you have been drinking beer it is WAY down the hall.  And once my seal is broken, I frequent the bathroom quite regularly.  Let's just say I got more exercise than I bargained for while consuming my two giraffes (shared, of course).But really guys, you are not a brewery, so change your name!  Maybe to Monte Carlo Pseudo-Brewery?
3	Beers by the yard!But really this place is hit or miss.The last time I was there was a day after New Years. The place was packed, but our food was out fairly quick. I don't really care that they're not really a brewery, because every time I'm here I order the same: heffy by the yard.Food was surprisingly good.It's a good place to catch up on the games; the place has 15 plus tvs.My only real bitch is having to walk across and out the restaurant, and down the hall to go pee pee.
1	Imagine, a brewpub without its own brews! How quaint! How.....stupid. We laughed this one up as yet another Las Vegas scam, however unintentional.   No reason to go here.  Not one.
3	A good place on the strip to watch a sporting event! I was here last Monday to watch Monday Night Football... are the Pats ever gonna lose? Anyhow, the food and services is nothing worth to write home about... basic "bar" food, sandwiches, burgers, fries, and other various fried goodies. The "craft" beers they have are decent but they also have various other good beers on tap. The services can be slow at times since they get pretty busy. However, I liked this "sports bar" type of setting with TVs and projectors everywhere. Next time I'm in Vegas and I need a place to watch a ballgame and eat and drink with some buddies... this is the place.
4	One Monday last January in Vegas, we couldn't figure out what to do.  Wasn't really in the mood to drink (WHAT, in LV and don't want to drink???)  Yes, we partied too hard the previous weekend but.....I love Microbreweries and I always heard about the Monte Carlo Brew Pub.  So we just dropped on by.  We got there right when the kitchen was closing so we couldn't get any food.  And then when we sat down, the bartender told us that this place actually did NOT brew their own beers so it was kinda disappointing right off the bat...  But after we ordered some beers, and the bartender was so friendly, everything turned out real good...  It was actually 80s night so they were playing a lot of old videos on the Big Screens so what started out as a possible bad experience in fact, turned out to be a Great and very Fun Time!
3	Beer tower makes me happy.This is not a bad place to grab some lunch, or maybe catch a game on a Saturday afternoon.  I arrived when friends were already into their 2nd beer tower.  I helped them finish off that and a third.  This was right at the bar.  It wasn't too busy and the bartender provided great service/conversation.  The only food I got was some fries, which cost about 4 bucks.  There's a cigar shop nearby, which seems popular.  The problem with the Monte Carlo right now is that parking is a total bitch.  This has to do with the ongoing construction of the monstrosity known as Project City Center.  I ended up having to park down at NYNY and hoofing it to Monte Carlo next door.
4	All I can say is Yay for Beer Tower!Other than that, the food was okay.
2	Once upon this was the best place on the strip to hang out!  One (or a group of) short sighted idiotic MGM-Mirage executive(s) later, and the place isn't worth it anymore.  Why?  They got rid of their micro-brewery!!  Why even call it a brew pub if you don't brew your own beers??!!??  Their beers used to make the place worth going to.  I'm happy they still offer the beer towers (or the "PVC Pipe-O-Beer" as I like to call them), but if they aren't filled with micro-brew goodness...what's the point?  The atmosphere is still good.  The food's so-so, but nothing that makes it stand out among other traditional American cuisine.  Definitely not worth the trek out of your way.If anyone from the Monte Carlo is reading this...pay careful attention:  THERE ARE NO MICRO-BREWERIES ON THE STRIP!  BRING BACK YOUR BREW AND YOU'LL HAVE THE MARKET CORNERED!!  Until then its not worth the trip.  Try the 777 downtown instead!
4	This place reminds me of a local pub, only on a much bigger scale.  Live bands, pub food, and of course, beer.  We've only been here once and tried a couple of items on the menu, but we had a good time, and if we were to stay at the Monte Carlo again, I wouldn't have any hesitation going back here.I had the chicken tenders and my husband had the fish and chips.  Both were really good.  Nothing overly battered.  I don't drink beer, but hubby does and he liked it.  Don't expect anything outrageously fab from here.  It's a pub.  And if you think of it as such, it's actually pretty fun.  Good for groups so you can share a variety of finger foods while enjoying their home brewed beer and the band.
3	Formerly known as the Brewery.  A simple looking place.  Nothing that appeals to the eye other than the TV's situation around.  Too bad that there's only one large projection television in the huge place.  The other televisions aren't as great to watch on  when seeing that huge projection.  Now for the food.  Think regular bar food at an higher price (as if bar food prices weren't already higher than it should be.)  A small bucket of fries was $9.  The other food tasted no better than any other bar I've ate at.  The quesadillas, nachos, super sliders, chicken wings, mozarella sticks, and calimari were all good, but nothing outstanding.  Yeah, what do you expect from these orders though right?  The beer tower is cool.  I think it was a good 5 pints of beer.  Overall, I don't see anything special about the place that would really want me to come back.
3	Continued Vegas Slider Pilgrimage -I initally planned to make my one exception to the hamburger slider at Brand in the monte carlo ( veal cheek sliders ) but they were not open for lunch - i knew the brew pub is open - sliders ?!?!got there at 12 pm - place was empty - never realized how big this place was until you see it empty ! sat at the bar.  ordered the sliders, some fries and , oh yeah !!  a leinenkugel wheat .  the bartender suggested an orange twist - never had it that way - i've had lemon, before.  let me tell ya - that orange twist really hit the spot !!  kinda bummed they didn't have leinie red - an old fav of mine when i lived in the mdwest - no biggie.the bartender tried to convince me to get their tenderloan sliders instead of the burger sliders - he was right again - the burger sliders were very, very, very boring ! cost $11 with the fries. NEXT !!!
1	Beware! This place was taken over by MGM recently and is no longer a real brew pub. Draft and bottled beer, and run-of-the-mill menu. It's really no different than a Chili's. Such a disappointment from what it used to be.
3	I came here with a friend to kill some time and down some beers.  The Miller Lite was cheap and we got a good seat at the bar to watch the football game that was on.  Bartender wasn't very good.  A waitress came by and gave us a free sample of Lienenkugels.  It's a pretty decent place, but I wouldn't go out of the way to go there.
3	While staying at the Monte Carlo I walked into this pub for some dinner the other night and sat at the bar. The menu was pretty good and I went with the chicken alfredo. It was OK, the chicken was cut up into cubes so it was a little hard to get them on a fork with the noodles. There didn't seem to be any "secret ingredient" so the pasta wasn't anything special. The service was OK, the bartender was busy talking to a guy a few seats from me the whole time and took awhile to cash me out. I might go back since it's in my hotel and try it again during my stay.
5	This is truly a 'hidden' gem in Vegas. First off, it's a HUGE bar. I mean like a basketball court in there. I love being able to walk into a place and have 100 different tables or bar stools to choose from (sorta like Vegas itself.) They have a pretty decent beer selection and every imaginable liquor. We ordered a few premium shots, and the bartender was nice enough to charge us for cheaper shots. Beer came out cold and delicious from their wide selection. Prices are very reasonable. One of the cheaper places to drink on the strip. The food is good. I really liked their pizza. The chefs are good, but they don't have a lot of variety to work with, so their hands are tied. It's typical bar food with 'interesting' names. I think it's a huge shame that this place is jammed in the back corridor of a rather unpopular casino. With the construction going on next door, there's no quick entrance to the pub anymore. It shows. It's empty in here, all the time. And the fact that it's so huge, makes it feel even moreso. They also used to brew their own beer, no more. That's a huge shame as well. Craft brewed beer is awesome, if you've ever had a true brew. I could hang out in the place all day. Staff have always been very professional and friendly. We've never had a bad incident here. Too bad no one else realizes how nice it is here. Instead, they are all drawn to the gaudy monstrosity outside, Diablo. Come here for cheap beers and a good time.
3	I only had drinks at the bar.  Their beers are pretty good.  My husband at a local stout that was on top (he said it tasted like chocolate).  I had the summer ale on tap, which is more like a hefenweizen.Unfortunately, they no longer brew their own beer, so don't be fooled by the large brewery equipment in the windows.  They have a lots of smaller teles along the bar and a HUGE television as you enter on the left side of the restaurant.  It's probably an awesome place to watch some NCAA madness and down a couple brews.
4	My dad went here when it was still a brewery, and still recommended it to me knowing the brewery was no more.  I had the steak and stein which was a great combo.  Our server was very knowledgeable about the beers, menu, prices, etc.  I would return if I found myself at the Monte Carlo again.
5	Loved this place. They have a fantastic menu (at least I think so) and the food is good! Our waitress was INCREDIBLY sweet!! They also had some sort of bloody mary special.... I think it was like $14 all you can drink and you could make your own. Looked good, but I'm not a bloody mary fan. When we go back to Vegas... we will be going back!!
4	This place is freaking Awesome!So i came here on a request of my cousins husband,and boy it was not a disappointment at all.Yard Beer!!! What more do you want?Place is clean,staff is on point,they make it feel welcomed.Besides drinking two towers,tried their Nachos,pretty good!This place had made me think of booking my next trip and staying at the Monte Carlos Hotel!Try it out if in the area.Cheers!
4	I'm a huge fan of this place and always try to make it here when I am in Vegas. They have a good selection of decent bar food with my favorite being the calamari and hot wings which come in dozens of flavors. They have great craft beer that is super cheap considering its a restaurant in vegas and you can order them in some pretty ridiculous beer towers as you can see from the pictures. Also if you're looking for a place to check out a sporting event this place is insane, they have TONS of huge tvs.
3	They got this place stuck at the back of the casino, as if it is going to draw a crowd to walk through the casino to get there?  Got to be kidding.  OK, it is a nice looking pub.  But as mentioned, it does not brew it's own beer.  But they do make their own pizza.  Tried the important fish and chip - was good the first few bits, but the batter turned to mush soon.  Too much steam coming out of the fish.  The place's got potential, but there's no excitement.  The staff seemed bored (except for 1 female bar tender).  Monte Carlo turn it from silver to copper.  Got no soul, seems like.
2	To be called a BREW pub, aren't they supposed to brew their own beer????  Sorry, I'm from Portland, OR which is beer mecca so perhaps we have higher expectations.This place is more like a sports bar that serves up average food.
5	I make sure to pay a visit here every time I come to Vegas. Order a beer tower and get your own pizza (you won't want to share). Regardless of the genre, the live music is always fun. It is possible for two people to finish the smaller beer tower. They also have awesome shots, like liquid cocaine. Don't wear anything too tight here - you'll leave feeling like you couldn't eat another bite.
3	went here with friends a few months ago. the food was quite tasty - a bit pricey, but the booze is where they lose a few stars. i ordered a shot of butterscotch schnapps with baileys. the drink has had a few different obnoxious names since the first time i had one years ago, so i described it instead of naming it. the bill came out and i was charged $10.00 for it. for a shot?! what a rip! waiters were nice and brought us extra placemats. we asked for extra because they were kind of cool - replicas of old news stories on a parchment-type paper. we took some home as souvenirs.
2	It pains me to give this 2 stars, the brewpub was a stop on every Vegas trip, 2-3x's a year, and it's still where I'll go to watch the big game of the day over an appetizer and beer, but it isn't the same.  The beer is no longer brewed onsite, and there is a noticable lack in quality, but their beer list is still among the better on that end of the strip.
4	Just happened to walk by and pop in for lunch. Has  pretty decent list of beers on tap. The had a promotion for any beer $10 in a boot. Which is probably 20oz. So not bad. The burgers and fries are quite good here. The Flatbread pizza is also good.
3	During one fine ladies weekend in Vegas, it was decided that we'd meet at the pub to get some drinks in us and decide where to go from there. Some drinks turned into many drinks, a few bull rides, more country songs than I can count, and a couple of cowboys all in our business.It so happened that our ladies weekend was running in tandem with the national rodeo finals weekend. The pub obliged and provided large plastic boots to fill with beer, a mechanical bull for silly drunk girls to ride, and a country band so that cowboys may drag you onto the dance floor to act a fool. My group of ladies obliged and tried a little of column A, B, and C.The selection of beer was impressive. I would guess somewhere over 50 on tap and delicious. For $10 a boot, we thought the prices were almost equally impressive. There is a super long bar, so even though we had our share of waiting for a table, we had a place to sit, drink, and not really notice. There's a big stage where there is live entertainment, and that is always a plus.After much debauchery, we were ready for some food, and that would be the only notable disappointment of the night. The food itself was delicious. The price at about $10-$15 per appetizer seemed acceptable. Then there was the quantity. Two egg rolls?  Four bite-sized quesadillas? A little on the slim side if you ask this girl.I will have to see what it's like on a non-rodeo weekend, but I would say almost a solid 4, minus 1 for kid-sized appetizers at adult-sized prices.
2	Great selection of beers, especially if you know what real beer is and want something other than Amstel Light and Budweiser.  Lots of TVs, you can watch the game from every seat.  The food is what makes me only give them 2 stars, since I was completely starving when we got there and was disappointed when I could not even eat my meal.  I ordered the Napolitano flatbread that had so much dang truffle oil it was all I could taste for the rest of the day.  I am all about truffles, but it is supposed to be used sparingly for more reason than just because it is expensive.  It also has a very, very strong taste that just sticks to your tongue!  So I left there buzzed from all the Arrogant Bastard, but still hungry and stinking like garlic and truffles.
5	5stars for the burgers!! Get the hangover burger best burger I've tasted, the bar is nice friendly people. A must go if your staying at this hotel.
3	My friends and I stayed at the Monte Carlo and had to wake up early the next day for a convention. So we decided to check out The Pub which was downstairs. It's a pretty large establishment and you really do feel like your in a pub. The clientele is very mix but it normally attracts a bit of an older crowd (30+) rather than the younger clientele (under 30). No need to dress up for this joint. Just come casual and have some beers. They have an array of beers for you to try. Try and come on a Friday or Saturday night. Around the late hours of 10pm they have a live band: Zowie Bowie. They are pretty good actually! They are also very very energetic which I love! The girl singer is like an older Britney Spears and the guy is like Rod Stewart but who acts and dresses younger. It's pretty darn cool. They sing a lot of the popular songs and get the crowds dancing.If you come earlier like around 8 or 9pm then you will suffer with some folk country music. So come later when the place is popp'n!!Relax, drink, and have fun with friends at a chill place.
3	The upside: 78 taps of draft beer; good food at decent prices.The downside: $8 per pint. Seriously.I walked into The Pub on a Sunday night, and it was dead, but my attention was grabbed by the taps behind the bar. I noticed they had 20 or so -- a rarity on the Strip and in LV in general -- then I saw more. And more. And more. 78 in total, with an excellent selection of domestic craft beers and imports, in addition to the usual Bud/Coors/Miller. The menu listed 59 beers, and the waitress filled us in on the remaining 19. I grabbed a Stone Pale Ale -- so far, so good.Turned to the food, and it looked good: standard bar fare like burgers and appetizers, some flatbreads and some heavier entrees. The waitress recommended the burgers, which didn't disappoint, and at $12 for a good-sized burger and fries, are good value for the Strip and in line with off-Strip prices.As I said, it was pretty dead, maybe 5 other tables. It seems like The Pub would be a great place to watch a game, they have plenty of TVs including a large projection screen that drops down over the stage. It's got a sports bar feel to it, and the decor is nothing fancy.All was good until we got the bill and realized the pints were $8 each, which even for the Strip, feels a bit over the top. As a previous reviewed mentioned, perhaps they've built what they don't charge you in a cover into the price of the drinks, or maybe it's how MGM plans on paying for CityCenter next door. In any case, ouch.So keep the high beer prices in mind and consider yourself warned. If you're ok with that, there are a lot worse places you could go on the Strip for decently priced, solid if unspectacular, food.
1	They totally replaced the restaurant. No more beer towers, no more delicious pizzas. BOO.
4	I have to say that i was really not happy the last time i came here, i actually booked my room to this very hotel just to be heading to this spot everyday, but i was truly disappointed, not cause of the service or selection, but they NO LONGER HAVE BEER TOWERS! Yes, i had to shout, cause that is way i loved this place, now i just like it and i am a fan whenever i find myself in or around this hotel.The selection of beer is incredible, but those TOWERS were to me the bomb. Anyhow, the food and appetizer selection is great, i have tried their jumbo nachos and their chicken wings, they were all good.Service is really on point everytime i have been here, never disappointed with the service and a smile fromt he waiters.I just wish the TOWERS would make there way again so i can be a happy person when i am here.Oh well, cannot have it all right? right? right Monte Carlo? jkCheck this place out if your staying at the Monte Carlo or near it.Enjoy.
2	Were my fried chicken sliders microwaved? I am suspicious. It was really wet (I don't want to use the word juicy) in the middle and insanely hot. The taste was just marginal. Nothing to write home about.One good thing though is the draft list. They have a large selection. We went for lunch, but thought of going the previous evening and it was just so loud that we turned right around.
5	love this place plenty of beers on tap a nice relaxing place to sit and chill out. ordered sliders and fries wasnt expecting to much from them but was really suprised sliders soft tender cooked perfectly the fries served with dips one was a marshmallow dip (sounds weird but tasted sooooo f-ing good) the bar staff are friendly its the kind of place i wish was at the end of my street, hell i wouldnt be out of there.
3	I stayed at the Monte Carlo so this place was convenient. The burgers are great. +1 They had a happy hours where ladies drink absolut  vodka for free, which was pretty cool. +1 another happy hour special was that buy on get one drink, but a screw driver was $9, so its really the same price!+1 live music-1 service was lacking. I think they were distracted by the drunkards surrounding them-1 the  bartender was rude and would tend to ignore people who wanted to get the free absolut since it was happy hour. We still tipped him even it was happy hour, it wasnt like he was working for free.
3	I came here on a Wednesday night around 6:00pm and I was surprised at how crowded it was.  They had live music and that is why it was lacking a fourth star for me.  The two guys singing were O.K. but they were SO loud.  It's what I would expect on a weekend around 10:00pm, not early on a Wednesday evening.  So with the head ringing aside, we proceeded to order.  We got the chicken and mango quesadilla and the chicken and asparagus flat bread (which is really like pizza).  Both were great but the quesadilla was a little small for the price.  The other table next to us had nachos and they looked fabulous and I will definitely be getting those the next time I come here.  Overall, it's pretty good and I'll be more aware of the loud music in the future.  The service was good even though I could barely hear our waiter.
4	Firstly we went for drinks and sat at the bar and watched the chef make flatbreads in the open oven. Good beer menu which has just been updated,which the barkeep will let you try before you buy. We used to go to the old brewpub which we liked but the food was always just okay but we tried the food this time and were so surprised. We has the burger sliders and the pub fryer  which was a selection of 3 fries with 3dips one of which was marshmellow yum yum! Please give it a go it's worth a Sunday chill out drink and bite.
5	If you don't want to wait in lines, deal with d-bags or hos and just listen to music have a good time, eat and have some freakin happy hour specials in Vegas - this is the place to be! I loved it here! We had the best time just hanging out like it was a local pub. Loved it - and the people there were actually cool - go figure! Don't order the Jager bombs though, those are pricey up the yin yang.
1	This place looks cool enough from the outside- and who wouldn't like a pub in your hotel that has two whole pages for their beer list.  For reference, this is just called "The Pub" and has a funny flaming whale as a symbol.  However...the band here on the weekend, Zowie Bowie, was just terrible.  The music was so loud that you could here it all the way up to the tram landing and the sound system inside the bar was terrible and it sounded all muffled and garbled.  Not to mention that this band looks like they are trying to be a little bit of everything - and not really succeeding- trying to be edgy but ending up being top 40.  And, our waitress was terrible - she couldn't even hear us to take our order, and then after 15 minutes for just beverages we still did not have our drinks, she was nowhere in sight, and we walked out.   It was not busy at this time, either- it was around 9:30 or 10:00 and not packed.  This place seems like it does have potential, but they really need to improve the service and do something about the band.  There is no need for any noise to be that loud or annoying.
4	I was here with fellow coworkers to have dinner.  We were staying at the Monte Carlo hotel, and the weather outside was pretty disgusting.  It was actually raining, so we opted for a place within the hotel to eat.  I was pleasantly surprised that this place was called "The Pub".  It was very modern & clean.  Definitely upscale.We were there on a Monday night, and the place was packed because of the Duke/Butler NCAA Championship game.  Everyone was watching the game there and enjoying their beers.  My coworkers watched the game from there as well, and I joined them after the game.  Luckily, the place cleared out after the game, and we got our food pretty quickly.Their motto is "Food You Can't Forget; Drinks You Can't Remember".  I would actually agree.I ordered an oven baked pizza - Chicken, Asparugus, & Fontina Cheese and one of my coworkers ordered a Margherita (which I took a small slice to try).  Both were really good (and recommended by our waiter, Jose).  Definitely exceeded my expectations of a place that's called "The Pub".Chicken, Asparagus & Fontina Cheese Pizza - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/KmUgkCj0U0ESICwpHIXCVw?select=Pa0PVXUL13OoyerUHZf-twMargherita Pizza - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/KmUgkCj0U0ESICwpHIXCVw?select=S2L9deN3nvsW58fYvyWpTwFew other coworkers ordered their Burgers, which was also recommended by our waiter, Jose.  Coworkers liked their burgers.The Pub also has a Happy Hour special:Daily 4pm - 7pm and   9pm - 11pm (2 for 1 well, draft and house drinks)6pm - 7pm and 10pm - 11pm (ladies drink free)Ladies + Free Drinks = Enough Said!
2	So I used to LOVE this place back when it was called the Brew Pub, but apparently it has been taken over by someone else and changed to just 'The Pub'. The menu is sub-par, and the beers are alright but I liked it much better when they used to brew their own beer & give it to you in the yard taps at the table. The servers are nice & personable, but the food is WAY overpriced - and if you go during happy hour for beer, they charge almost 19 percent for a 'live entertainment tax' since they have a band during that time (except they fail to let you know that BEFOREHAND). If you want to get your money's worth during happy hour, I'd suggest you bring a bunch of girls with you because they get free all-you-can-drink Miller 64 and/or certain vodka concoctions. Bottom line: costs too much and the food isn't even halfway as good as it used to be.
1	Probably a great place for lunch. At night, I'd give this place negative stars if I could ... wait till the band, Zowie Bowie, starts and you will want to give it negative one million stars. CONS: Zowie Bowie -- They are bad beyond description. And then they turn the damn thing up so loud you can't see straight or hear a person 6" away from you without screaming. I guess when you get the volume  up loud enough you almost can't tell how bad the band is, perhaps it is their plan. If it wasn't obvious from the posters all over the place that this band is a joke, please resist and temptation to check out this venue for the band.CONS: Table service & bar service are ridiculously slow.PROS: You get in free if you are staying at the hotel (I can't imagine paying a cover to go in here) so you are not out anything when you leave.PROS: Hey, if you go with a great set of friends anyplace can be great!
5	HAPPY HOUR!!!!!! LADIES DRINK FREE -Absolut and mgd!!6pm-7pm 10pm-11pmI must say free drinks caught my eye and I was there! You can get any drink for free ladies with absolut in it! A GREAT DEAL on the strip. We sat at the bar which was had large bar stools and a blueish bright background behind the bar.  Rob was our bartender and he was great! He kept the vodka flowing and the drinks coming. The louder you get the more crazy he got!  I mean there is nothing else to say but FREE FREE FREE!
5	Great venue with a live band (or singer.) Drink specials (two for one) from 4-7pm and 9pm to midnight. Great place to stop for a drink or two.. or three...
3	My sister-in-law raved about the kobe burger which she said was so good it brought tears to her eyes. I HAD to check it out. (It was alright.) I think what my problem was, was that I ordered the burger the way they have it listed on the menu, which is with minimal toppings. Onions, aioli, lettuce. something like that. I suppose that's to enhance the flavor of the meat itself, which of course is what is supposed to be happening. I shoulda done the build-your-own which comes with every different meat choice, a bunch of cheeses, all kinds of veggie options, too many sauces, and choice of a ton of breads. The pub itself is pretty cool, though, with more tap beers than you can count and they have root beer on tap, too! they dont brew their own but it's still pretty damn good that way. I dont know what root beer it was (shoulda done my homework before writing this review) but it didn't taste bitter or too licorice-y, and it wasn't too sweet as well. It was a really good balance and was great for me coming down off a three-day alcohol-prepaid bender.
4	We were staying at the Monte Carlo and I'll admit the only reason we decided to check it out before going out was because of the ladies drink free from 6-7pm(also 10-11pm) the free drinks are all well drinks and also one type of beer.  They also have a happy hour from 4-7 and I think it had two for one well drinks and I'm not sure what else.  So my review is a bit biased with the free drinks.  But after ordering the first one, the bartender kept them coming without me even asking for the rest of the time.  Also at 7pm this one bartender did this pretty awesome trick of pouring these shots, definitly worth staying and watching.  The bartender was very friendly and happy go lucky.  I really liked the ambience, we ordered the fajita nachos to munch on.  They had a good selection of appetizers for snacking on and the menu looked pretty interesting.  Overall a nice laid back bar to just sit at and enjoy a few drinks.
5	*** This review is not based on the food ***We stayed at the Monte Carlo a weekend ago and found they had a nice little bar downstairs by the casino. We wanted to watch the 5th game of NBA Finals so it was very convenient.Get there around 5:45pm and realize that they have a great happy hour....oh and that ladies drink for free from 6-7pm!! Ok so the free drink are well drinks but who the hell cares...it's free drinks! Oh and the bartender who was helping us was very friendly and super nice.Next time I'm in Vegas I'm definitely going to go to the Pub not only for its happy hour but also for the cool vibe.
5	The Pub was a really nice find. All the food we tried there was excellent - The Hangover Burger, The Egg Rolls, The Nachos, even The Meatless Burger! They have a great amount of TVs for sports, live music at times and a ton of beers on tap. They also run some great specials - 2 for 1 drinks every night and ladies drink free from 6-7 and 9-11! Both food and drink prices were very reasonable.Service was great as well. If you're staying at or around Monte Carlo, this is a great place to hit before going out.
2	We stayed at the Monte Carlo and were looking for some food after a long day of walking the strip.  We decided to stop at the Pub and luckily we made it in time for Ladies Drink Free.  We got a free drink.  We ordered the spinach salad.  It was delicious.  We also ordered the meatball sliders.  BEWARE...they were not cooked.  We told the waiter and he returned the plate to the kitchen and gave us the meal free.  But then the waiter ignored us!  You would think they would want to give us some good service.  Make sure your meal is cooked!
3	"The Pub" no longer has the four foot tall beer towers. The food was good, everyone in the group liked their burgers, but its a bit spendy (~$10 for every burger on the menu). This is a nice big place with a lot of space, easy to get to the bar even when its crowded.
4	LADIES DRINK FREE EVERY NIGHT FROM 10 pm - 11 pm**as long as they are well drinks!Food - didn't eat anything, only drankAmbiance - large pub!! lots of beers on tap, full bar. Friendly bartenders...Service - Bartenders are nice and attentivePrice - standard bar prices, but be sure to ask about HH specialsParking - um, duh... Monte Carlo hotel or take a cab if you're not staying there!
3	Loved the ambiance and our group was set up in a nice little private room, which was great as we are a loud bunch.Nice beer selection and the apps were decent...chicken nachos and assorted fries, but seems we all were a little, eh, about the entrees.  For me it was beer battered fish and chips, cod as far as I know which wasn't that great.All in all it was a fun night out, but probably would just go back for the finger food/beers.
5	Oh My! FUN! The bartender told us about awesome crab cakes and they were delicious! Free happy hour is just as awesome for us ladies! Not so much eye candy but its all good !
4	Great place to watch football and drink beer - the burgers we had were some of the best anywhere.
4	1. Great TV placement2. Great happy hour deal, 2 for 1 well drinks and happy hour from 4-7 pm and 9-11 pm. Ladies drink free from 10-11 pm3. This place is located inside the Monte Carlo which is centrally located on the strip.4. Great place to pre party before a night of fun.
2	Food was ok...had the sliders. They were good but nothing special. The sweet potato fries were really good tho! I did ask for them to be extra crispy and they weren't, but the marshmallow sauce was actually really good!Husband had the Kobe beef burger, which I've always wanted to try. Again....nothing special but it was good.The service was ok...the waitress was nice (even suggested me to order the regular sliders which were $11 rather than the more expensive build ur own sliders for $17). She wasn't very attentive and we waited quite a while for drink refills and the check!
1	The service is so horrible I wish I can give in negative stars. RUDE bartender.... non-existant service (we waited 40 min for a waiter to even acknowledge us) and the band that was playing wanted me to kill myself. The dance floor was filled with old people and it made you want to stay away from it. I did not try any of their food because there was no one that could even take our order. This was just a horrible experience and will never come here again.
3	(short review alert!)During the Vegas trip the guys wanted to hit up a bar...  Being a Vegas veteran knowing that there really isn't any "stand along bars" available so decided to check it out.  (Most of the bars in Vegas are infused into the casinos as a Bar/Lounge style next to the slots)  The pub's got a cool logo of a whale with fire coming out of it's blowhole so I guess that was the draw of my attention.  (I enjoy these little things)Once we were here, we noticed that it was more of a restaurant than an actual bar.  The place was wide open with decent decor, dim lighting, and dark furniture around the facility.  Since we were looking for a bar and my friends were more disappointed because it wasn't an actual bar (and actually wasn't crowded at all), so we decided just to have quick bite to eat instead.Ordered chicken quesadilla with mango sauce, calamari with 2 sauces, and nachos...Quesadilla was great... I mean, how can you go wrong with tortilla, chicken, cheese, and sweetened sauce?  An easy and safe choice.  Calamari was fried to perfection with decent sauce accompanied with the dish.  Nachos were humongous in portion, but it was overly salty and the cheese looked fake... so the nachos wasn't a hit at all.We didn't get any drinks as we were really looking forward to a bar, so after the meal immediately we left the pub so that we can get some drinks in our system.  The entire meal (appetizers) cost us almost $40 so it's not a cheap meal by any means, but I guess you are paying just like the whale with the fire out of the blowhole....(is that why he is burning inside?)I may or may not come back to this place... some entertainment was happening on stage but it wasn't really grabbing anyone's attention so perhaps Monte Carlo have to rethink their strategy by having this place within their facility.  It's just another another mid-high priced restaurant with mediocre food...Now you see why this is such a short review...
1	Do NOT support this place. They are a bar with bar food, nothing special. However, they feel the need to charge a fee of $10 per person...per HOUR for the privilege of sitting in a chair. As the other person reviewing said, it was game night. Was it posted in front or did the waiter tell us when we sat down? Nope. Was there a line to get in the door? Nope. Was every table in the restaurant filled? Not even close. Avoid this place just on principle.
4	Nice low key pub without the foofoo sh/t. Keep an eye for the 2 for 1 coupons handed out at the casino lobby.
3	Pros: space to dance, live singer and DJ, sports tv's, had 2 for 1 drinks coupons, inside and outside area to drinkCons: janky music choices, expensive drinks even with couponsOverall all this place was arrrright. It was one of those nights though where we could have been anywhere and had a good time so The Pub was lucky we stayed ;)
4	Stopped in this place Saturday for Lunch.They have TVs everywhere, and they all were tuned to different games. The beer selection was pretty impressive, and they even had an optional "Liquid Lunch" where you could buy all you could drink beer, sadly I had to work so no beer for me.The place was packed and the service was stretched to their limits, but our waiter did a pretty solid job.I had the Italian Burger, Pretty much imagine if Bruschetta and a hamburger had a delicious baby. They also have several french fry options. I chose the mesquite fries and I have to say it was the best decision I ever made. I was expecting fries covered in some sort of BBQ sauce, and when they were delivered I was surprised that looked like normal fries, but when I tried one I became one happy fat kid.You know when you have a bag of BBQ potato chips, and you get to the end of the bag and in the bottom there are those little chip peaces and BBQ flavoring dust that is so good you want to cut it into a line and snort it? Well these french fries are covered in that seasoning. I'm pretty sure I could eat nothing but these for the rest of my life and be one happy guy...dare I say the best fries in vegaswow I just wrote 2 paragraphs about the fries...they are that damn good!I will be going back any time I find myself over on that end of the strip.Oh and for an added bonus, it's next to the pool so there is some delicious eye candy to go with your meal!!!
3	This place has changed dramatically in recent years.  Now it's more of a "beer bar" with 70 taps (among the highest on the strip).  I was able to enjoy a pint of Goose Island Matilda, but then I didn't enjoy the $10.53 price for it.  Oddly enough, they have a lot of beers but actually so few beers.  What I mean is they don't have a large selection for people who are really into interesting craft beers.  It's as if every mass produced domestic or gateway craft beer is on tap, with very few Matilda-like offerings.
2	This place is entertaining as hell.  It was a lot of fun to watch seven or so baseball games at once, and the beer selection was massive.  Unfortunately I got so sick from the food that I had to stay in my hotel room for the rest of the night and miss Cirque du Soliel.
3	I rated this 3 based on two visits. The first visit was a Sunday evening about 9pm, just for some drinks. The place had quieted down since all the football was over for the day. We sat at the bar, and I ordered a Pyramid Haywire Hefeweizen (something I can't get on tap back in Denver, but it's my favorite beer) and my husband ordered a Blue Moon. They were out of both. My second choice was Leinenkugel's Sunset Wheat. Out of it. My 3rd was Widmer Hefeweizen. Finally, a beer they had. But my 3rd choice. I realize it's a Sunday evening after a busy day of football, but when you boast about how many beers on tap you have, you really should have them. Our bartender was very nice, super social and apologetic for the lack of beer.The next night we went for dinner during the Monday night football game. Our meals were excellent. My husband had the Hangover Burger and said that it was almost TOO much for a burger, but delicious. I had the Fry Sampler, which had two types of french fries and sweet potato fries plus accompanying dipping sauces. All 3 were awesome. However. Again I ordered my Pyramid Hefeweizen. On a Monday, thinking the beer was likely delivered that day since they were out on Sunday. Nope. Still no Pyramid. I did get my 2nd choice, at least. The bartender was not very attentive. He had 7 people at his area of the bar, and spent his whole time conversing with a couple at the far end of the bar. He was nice enough when he came to serve us, but it took a while for him to do it.Would I go back again? Probably not. The food definitely was good, but if I'm paying $8 a beer, I'd rather not chance that they have what I want. Yes, ladies do drink free from 9-10, so maybe I'd go for that, but otherwise I'll check out something else.
3	The pub has been remodeled just recently.  Never saw how the old one look but the new one looks mighty fine. Now they have happy hours for men and female but for the me the happy hour sucks.  They only offer you deals on Miller Light and Bud light YUCK!!!!!!But if you are a female then this is the place you need to come.  They have unlimited one hour vodka well drinks for females.  They have one between 5 to 6 and a late one from 10 to 11 p.m.  So females if you like Vodka and I think they have Absolut as their well Vodka, come in here and get liquored up before hitting the Vegas strip.The decor is great and the food is not bad, but just wish they had better happy hour when it came to beer. Now the one thing that I do like about all this is that they have a great selection of beer.
3	Nothing like waiting 10 minutes at the bar to get service. Nothing like watching the other bartender hit on three girls while you sit there, waiting for this unseen bartender to quench your thirst with a tasty man soda. Even worse, the other bartender won't help you because it's "not his section, sorry." So we got a table and told the hostess why we were going to take a table to get a couple of beers and an appetizer. She didn't seem to care.The manager even walked by, looked at us, and kept walking. He talked to at least 2 tables around us but skipped us for some reason.What's really sad about this place is they have so much potential to be good and just fall flat. They have sooo many delicious beers and the staff doesn't know anything about beer.This place apparently brews beer and has their own beer on tap but our server couldn't even sell us on trying it. He didn't know much about it. It sounded like he didn't know much about beer, which to me is bad if you have 30+ beers on tap and call yourself a pub.My husband tried it and it was pretty decent; we were quite impressed but puzzled that the server couldn't tell us much about it.The food was pretty good and didn't disappoint, but it did take a while to get it...We probably won't be going back to this place again.
1	If you like the elderly, and hanging out with the elderly, and buying drinks for and from the elderly, this is your spot in Las Vegas.Negatives:  You age one year every time you order a beer.Positives:  Happy hour doesn't coincide with early bird special at IHOP - the 65+ crowd can do both!
3	a couple a' years ago it used to be that you could eat here fairly cheap and the food was pretty good - for pub food. the same guy was bartending every time i went there, and he was good. that was probably 2 years ago. no idea if it's still the same.this is nothing you should seek out, but it was a good place to eat the couple of times i did.
5	I have always liked this place.  I can't recall my first trip to this restaurant inside of the Monte Carlo but back then they used to have an amazing open faced meat loaf sandwich.  But, much to my chagrin, that sandwich eventually disappeared off the menu.  Yet, despite my favorite item being discontinued, I was never at a loss to find something else on the menu which was just as good.  From their Hang Over Cure burger (topped with a fried egg and bacon), to their flat bread pizza's, everything here has been very tasty.  So given all the great food available here, I would absolutely give The Pub at least a 4 star review.  Now for what pushes this place to the 5 star is this:  $30 AYCD special on college football Saturdays from 11 AM - 3:00 PM.  Yes, you read that acronym correctly.  All You Can Drink.  Have there ever been 4 sweeter words uttered in succession?  I think not.  Needless to say, my friends and I took full advantage of this buffet of debauchery and come 2:30, let's just say that we were NOT sober.
4	Loved this place. Amazing beer selction. The Vampire Slayer which is Ground steak, roasted garlic aioli, Muenster cheese on a Potato Bun was a homerun. Being able to order Kronenbourg 1664 at a bar was even better.
2	The food was decent - get the mesquite fries - the sweet potato ones are covered in sugar (not quite my idea of good sweet potato fries). the burger was alright. server wasn't too amazing (and it wasn't that busy when I was there, so they really had no excuse for bad service. prices were decent for Vegas. probably won't go back unless i have to.
2	I wanted to love this place, but I just didn't feel good after eating here. I ordered the Napa burger and I couldn't even eat 1/3 of it. I'm not sure...it wasn't horrible, but did not make my stomach feel good. Also the beer just wasn't there. Yes, there is a lot of beer on tap but no one knew anything about the beer that was brewed their. I order the Pub IPA  and my friend ordered the Tenaya Creek IPA and it could have been the same beer...I really think it was. I know Tenaya Creek brews their beer, but usually they impart a little different style. Also it tasted like a carmel bar...way to thick.Always be suspicious of menu's with no drink prices. We got the bill and the beer was between $10-$13 dollars a pint...not a 20 oz....a pint!I was blown away.  My beer cost the same as my damn burger. Tip: If you are looking for craft beer head to Ellis Island Brewery $2 for a 20 oz.
3	This is a huge bar inside Monte Carlo. It's more of a sports bar than a pub though. The huge bar stretches throughout the entire place and the best part is that ladies drink for free from 11pm-midnight. We came for pregaming and wells were just $5 anyway. It was pretty empty on a weekday but great service and cheap drinks. It's a good place to meet girls who also came for the free drinks.
3	Mmmmmmmm to the Mesquite fries. Seriously, get them. Our server told us they tasted like BBQ potato chips and he was right on! Otherwise, excellent beer selection and OK food other than those fries. (but to be fair I am not much of a bar food person to begin with)We were in town during the rodeo and the place was packed both nights we went here with the rodeo on TV. The second night at first we were seated upstairs but they neglected to tell us you couldn't order all the beers or alcoholic milkshakes that you can order downstairs. Fail. After one of my friends was visibly annoyed at not being able to order what she wanted, I asked for the bill for the one thing we had ordered at that point and the server told us he wasn't going to charge us for the item so at least he seemed to be trying to make up for it. By that point seats had opened downstairs and we were happily able to order and be served what we wanted.
4	This place has changed names several times over the years, but the basic concept of sports pub has stayed the same. It has consistently offered fine burgers. My favorite is currently the mushroom burger. The flatbread pizzas and chicken wings are quite tasty too. The current stand out feature of this place has to be the "all-you-can-drink, make-your-own-drink," bar buffet. Not sure if it is offered year-round, but we were there on a Saturday in October for college football. It works like this: Pay $30 and from 11:00AM to 3:00PM you walk up to the bartender, who pours you whatever poison you want, as many times as you want during those 4 hours. There is a table set up with all sorts of mixing ingredients for you to get creative with. I made one hell of a Bloody Mary...just couldn't say no to all the different peppers and horseradish in front of me. (Tip: You may want to consider staying at the Monte Carlo if you are considering this. It is quite difficult to make it anywhere else after taking advantage of the full 4 hours).
3	Atmosphere: typical sports barFood : flatbread pizzas are huge... loaded with nontraditional fare. The Hangover Burger looked good... but the hubbs scarfed it so fast, I didn't get a chance to try itPrice : moderateThe food was okay... nothing standout spectacular. I think what one comes here for is a nice atmosphere to watch the game and the beer menu/drink specials. Might visit again if I'm staying close by... but I wouldn't go outta my way.
3	This is the largest, and least pub-like, pub I have ever been to.  It gets a D+ in the atmosphere department, but thats typical for the Monte Carlo.The food is good but nothing to write home about. The portions are large, so you won't walk away hungry. The beer selection is decent but doesn't offer much in the way of uniqueness. In true Vegas style, the drinks are over priced so stick with the specials if you don't want a triple digit bar tab.The service is friendly and reasonably fast.The Pub is the best option for a decent meal at a reasonable price in the Monte Carlo.
1	Friendly service, too high prices (and I am NOT a cheap person), wierd food (not in the good way)! As my friend put it, "how do you get a fry wrong?!"None of the four people in my party are picky about food, and are all pretty open minded about trying new things, but none of us finished our food due to dislike of the weird weird weird flavor combinations. It seems that the head chef making up the menu wanted to be gourmet by combining unusual ingredients, but it went sorely wrong. Overpriced even if the food was good... But the food was definitely not good. Save your time, save your money!
3	Last weekend was my second trip to The Pub while on a weekend trip to Vegas. It's a great place to watch football with multiple TVs around the restaurant and lots of high-top tables around the bar. The food is typical bar fare, but they also offer flatbread (my friend ordered the short rib and goat cheese flatbread and it was good). They have an impressive beer selection on tap. Horrible service and never busy. If your looking for a place to watch the game and grab some fairly inexpensive bar food this is it. Both times I have visited The Pub I have ordered the wings. I was nervous the first time, seeing as the wings are listed as "classic wings" on the menu. I didn't think they would be spicy enough for my taste, but I they packed a punch, and I liked them enough to order them again two months later. Decent blue cheese and ranch... pretty typical for a bar. Condiment recommendation: Red Pepper Remoulade I first discovered the red pepper remoulade during my first visit. It came on the crab cakes and it is amazing! I proceeded to request a side for my fries (always go for the beer battered fries, btw). The second time I skipped the crab cakes, but I couldn't forget that sauce and got another side for my fries! Great for dipping your flatbread in too.
4	The foot at The Pub is very good.  I had a chipotle chicken sandwich, the wife had one of their wonderful flatbread pizzas and her friend had a portabello burger.  Their food prices are fairly reasonable as well.The beer, however, is exceedingly expensive.  My two pints of Guiness cost $7 each and my buddy's pints of Kona Longboard Ale cost $10 each.I spent $90 for three meals with drinks but my friend (the one who ordered the Longboards) spent $50 for his alone.If you're looking for really good food on the strip, The Pub is worth it.  Just don't order any drinks unless you want to pay out the nose.
2	The food and drinks are pretty good here, however they are a little pricier than they are worth in my opinion. The happy hour offers 2 for 1 drinks so that makes it a little more worth it. The reason I'm giving 2 stars however is several different reasons. The first time I came here, the place was about half full and after 15 minutes of no one coming over to take our order, we got tired of waiting and just left. The second time we came here was on a football day and the wait for a table was over an hour so we just left again. The most recent time we came here and actually ordered, we were asking about the happy hour. We noticed when checking in to the hotel there were signs that said their happy hour included $1 sliders and $1 chicken wings. We asked our server about that and he had no idea what we were talking about. He said he would ask the manager and then when he came back never brought it up. We ended up splitting some chicken nachos and having a beer each which wasn't bad at all. After we finally got our check, the waiter told us:"my manager said that there's communication problems between the marketing dept. and restaurant and so they are advertising that but we haven't started offering it yet."He was pretty sneaky to wait until we were done eating to bring it up because if I had heard that before we ordered I definitely would have wanted to speak to the manager myself. I think it's ridiculous that there were ads all over the hotel for these $1 sliders but the restaurant was not honoring this. If I knew this information before we ordered, I probably would have gotten up and left this place for the third time in a row. For the location, amount of tvs, and quality of food, you would expect more than a 3 star average from yelp for this place, but because of the TERRIBLE SERVICE, I can definitely see why it ranks so low. I will be coming back here but, next time, I will demand that they honor their ads rather than considering the possibility that I was just mistaken. Good menu, BAD EMPLOYEES.
4	Great selection of burgers and beer!  It's that simple!  The crowd varies a lot depending on the sports on t.v. that day or if it is a dueling piano night.  If you're a beer drinker, there are a lot of unique brews here.  If you like a juicy, tasty burger with that brew, then you've got the right place.  It is a bit loud.  This is not the romantic date place or somewhere to go if you want a long lingering conversation.  But it definitely is the place for a laid back beer, good food and some fun!
2	Overpriced, lousy service but hey, it's the strip what do you expect? Okay I retract the 'it's the strip' comment, I've had many good experiences on the strip... but still... being a local, there are so many more places in town that trump this place for quality food and beer selection, it's not even funny. I'll give them this: atmosphere for watching football (or any other sport I'd imagine) is cool. Lotta different screens, good screen views and the patrons get into the games. Other than that, no thanks
4	We were there on New Years Day at dinner time. The Pub was fairly full, but with no wait for tables. The games were on the big screen TV's, but at reasonable sound volume levels. We started with the Fajita Chicken Nachos and were absolutely fantastic - you could make a meal out of just them alone. The burgers and fries were really good too. Waaay too much - if we had known the portions were this generous we'd have skipped the appetizer.   These are not cheap burgers, but given the venue, the prices were definitely fair. The vibe is relaxed and casual. I am not sure we would bother going back because there are sooo many other places to try on The Strip, but if you are looking for good Pub food in a comfortable setting I'd highly recommend this place.
3	Review for DINNERAte here last night with family... there was 6 of us.Service: 2 stars... they weren't *that* busy... maybe 1/3 of the tables were sat... and when the server asked us if we were ready to order... he walked away and attended to another table and came back 5 minutes later... and then when we ordered 1..yes... 1 appetizer... the wrong one came out... so we had to wait even longer for the 1 appetizer... and then when we ordered our drinks... he brought them out one by one rather than all at once... very strange.Ambiance: Nice bar with high top tables and regular tables... TVs everywhere so if there's a game on... you can watch itFood Menu: 4 stars on creative burger selectionTaste:  3 stars... the appetizer we ordered (Ancho Chili Shrimp) was 'eh'.  Nothing much going on taste wise... it just tasted like shrimp with burnt seasoning... my chopped salad was very good... but it's pretty hard to mess up a salad... another ordered the meatball flatbread.. again... Nice!  Burgers were juicy and big... with lots of fries which the guys really liked.  A couple guys ordered the sliders and they seemed big for 'sliders'... and you got 3 of them... so it filled you up.Beer: 4stars...  Seems like they had quite a few beers to choose from... and you could put your own 5-beer sampler together... each was about a 5oz pour... so you got a good taste of each one that you sampledPrice: it's a strip joint... so expect to pay a bit more just cuz it's in a strip hotel... but it's not ridiculously priced... for 6 of us with tip it was $195 (so...$32.50 pp and we all ordered a beer or 2 or in some cases 3.)All in all: it's a good place for groups that want to hang out and not pay tons for dinner
3	After some SWEET dinner at another place *review to fallow* we were passing through the Monte Carlo and noticed this nice lil Pub with dueling piano's, made a note of it and walked on to our event. After the event we thought about it and figured dueling piano's would be nice. After having been to a place in San Diego with the same type of set up. Walking in the place looks cool as hell. Mad amounts of brews on tap and a glass wall with many different types of Keg signs on display. A+ for sure on that. The place is also HUGE! We sat down at the bar and were greeted right away. the place wasn't all that busy for a Sat. night which was kinda sad, but then again I'm sure with what all Vegas has to offer dueling piano's isn't a main draw. The crowed was a bit mixed. Shout out to the wasted big man doing push ups next to the pianos though!! I was still a tad hungry so the bartender gave us some recommendations. Took those in and wanted to try the Chicken Fajitas nachos. He said good choice and they are THE BEST! i had some hope. Out they came and they were pretty huge, the chicken was good, not a lot of it but good. The chips kind of bland and the cheese kind of tasted like store bought cheap cheese.. Nice try! I can say a Strong 3 stars for sure but I'm kinda torn after that. Nothing really stood out for me.
2	I cannot not adequately describe how horrible the service is in the place. I'm not picky but DAMN. Expensive to boot. Why bother.
4	Ordered the Napa Burger which comes with goat cheese, arugula and pesto mayo. We asked if they can add mushrooms and they were able to accommodate us and only cost an extra $1. Add the mushrooms! BEST combo ever!!! Trust me. Their sweet potato fries were okay. Tasted like they were coated with cinnamon n sugar. Don't order the frambroise beer. It's delicious, don't get me wrong but it was $20! Not worth it when you can go to Yardhouse for happy hr and get it for $5. They have a huge selection of beers costing around $10 each. Well drinks are around $9.
3	Food is great, but service SUCKS.
2	Interesting architecture, but that's all that was interesting about this place. Very college-pub atmosphere with not a whole lot interesting beer..
3	Much better than typical pub food and a good beer selection, too. The steak salad and crabcakes were yummy. The wings were unique-served whole (never seen a chicken that big--what kind of bird donated them??) and delightfully spicy. The service was ok--nothing to complain about but nothing to write home about, either. We were there for lunch, and it was calm, quiet, and pretty empty. I've eaten there before and I'll definitely go back next time I'm in the mood for a good burger or sandwich and a beer.
5	Loved this place. I wish there was one in Los Angeles.Came here during Christmas vacation to catch the football games.They seated us based on which game we wanted to watch. There were so many TVs, with different games showing, but we opted for the main screen which was playing the most requested game.Oue waiter was super helpful. He mis-understood my burger order, but he fixed it quickly and it tasted delicious.Oooh! And the oreo shake I had was AWESOME! They gave me a to-go cup for my shake since there was so much left.
3	We had comps at the pub so we figured we'd check it out. Great crowd, fun live entertainment. The duo pianists not only sang well, but were hilarious!Average food, but what do you expect for a pub-style restaurant. The Margherita pizza and the steak were decent.
4	This is a very good Pub style restaurant on The Strip that is a little less know.  Being in the mall-ish bit of the Monte Carlo it isn't as crowded as the normal off casino restaurants.  Been there twice during the weekend and never had to wait to be seated.The food was excellent and they have tons of beer on tap, including a few ciders as well.  What you would expect on bar food, a lot of burgers and such, which is the draw for me.  There was a few of the Brit fare too (Fish and Chips, Bangers and Mash), but it isn't an "English Pub" by any means.The downside is that the seating is bar like, a lot of tall tables.  Plus with the TVs going or live music, it can get a bit loud.  So not the best if you want a quiet relaxing meal.  Worth at least checking out the Menu and swinging by.
3	Good Bar food, lots of beer on tap. If you're on the south side of the strip and looking for somewhere to get a couple beers and a good burger (at strip/casino prices) The Pub inside the Monte Carlo is definitely a place to check out. Also has a great look out to the Monte Carlo pool.If there's not a game on/when the pool isn't active, the sound level is right around usual restaurant chatter, so it's easy to meet up here with friends to start our trip down the strip, or especially to City Center (A 2 minute walk to the escalators/Elevator to get to the tram).
2	Looked at the menu outside.  Expected an up scale place but was greatly disappointed.  Drunk guys at the bar playing a chugging game, guys wearing sandals and muscle shirts with hairy armpits exposed,  not to mention the fresh sweat shop smell that accompanied them.  This I would expect over at UNLV but not at one of the nicest places on the strip.  They need to have a dress code.
2	I've been here twice and the service was below par every time.  They do have a lot of very large and nice TVs that are visible from every seat in the bar which is pretty cool. So that's the one plus. Their food was also pretty good as well.The first time I went there, we were seated by the hostess rather quickly. However, they were extremely crowded and we waited for 30 mins and the waiter never came to take our orders. We waited a little longer until my boyfriend couldn't take it anymore and insisted upon leaving; which I understood. So, we left hungry.The second time we went there, we were excited to know that there was happy hour! There were advertisements all over the hotel that read "$1 sliders at The Pub." That sounded appetizing! We went there during the designated time. This time it was not as busy. We asked our waiter about the happy hour sliders and he told us that they were not on the happy hour menu. We explained that there were advertisements throughout the entire casino and hotel that said sliders were $1 during happy hour. Our waiter did not honor it. After we ate our food and asked for the check, the waiter told us that he asked his manager about the special and apparently there was some sort of miscommunication regarding the slider specials. He also told us that if we wanted to come back tomorrow, he would honor it. This upset me because I think he purposefully waited until we were finished eating to tell us.I will definitely not be coming back here.
3	Exceptional bar food, really enjoyed the fish tacos and flatbread pizzas.  Awesome beer selection, wasn't expecting the top tier vegas beer prices though.  Four stars with more reasonable beer prices. ($9 Guinness Pint, $15 Arrogant Bastard Pint; they need to learn how other beer bars deal with pricing expensive beers per pint)
4	Fat Tire on Tap!  Their food was great.  Chicken nachos and asian chicken wings.  Bartender was very nice and open to customers explaining a shot and then making it.  Turned out to be a great shot!  His inverted jager bomb was genius!  Going back for sure!
3	The beer list is decent, but way too expensive. I guess it's Vegas though. The vampire slayer burger was pretty good. The hangover cure burger was better to me though. The fries aren't too good. Burgers are average here. the place is average. Ate there twice in one day and threw up both meals. I'm pretty sure I had food poisoning. Someone shared the meals with me and we both had food poisoning symptoms. If I hadn't gotten sick, I'd like them more. Maybe we just didn't get lucky with the medium done meat. I might try it again. It's good until you get sick.
5	Awesome place to grab a burger, drink beer and watch the game.  Wish we had anything like this at home.  Huge selection of beer on tap.  One of the best burgers I have ever had - beats the Burger Bar.  Have had pizza before which was also very good.  Beer is a little pricey but it's the Strip.
1	Slow, rude servers. They brought me the wrong drink, didn't even apologize. I love margaritas and theirs is not good, best to skip it. We came to eat  and watch the race, we left after one drink. Very disappointing.
3	Nice beer selection but very pricy. Probably the only place on the strip that serves hand crafted brews.
4	Came here for lunch and it was a very inexpensive good lunch.  My husband had a chicken burger and I enjoyed some $1 sliders during Happy Hour, both were good.  It wasn't too crowded inside, it looked like everyone chose to sit outside.  We didn't try any of the beers, so I can't really comment on that, but we were seated next to one guy who would not stop complaining about the lack of beer choices.  (I thought he was being dramatic, they seem to have  A LOT of beers to choose from, he was just being difficult.)  Service was pretty quick and the bill was less than other meals we had in Vegas.  I would recommend for a quick cheap bite.
4	Sat at bar and enjoyed atmosphere and food; especially beer selection.
3	Good pub with a great selection of beer. Food was pretty damn good but our waitress was a little slow to start but on Point after we got our beers. I definitely will come again but maybe not for dinner. Over all, I was happy with my visit.
2	Went back to this place for a return trip to vegas, and its changed alot. Its completely overpriced with ridiculous prices for food and drink. They wanted 20 bucks for 3 tasting of their brewed beer and 10 bucks for most drafts. The hot wings were 13 dollars for an order, ill never go back and was sorry I brought my group here. I know its Vegas, but man what happened to this place.
4	Finally came to the Pub.  I've been wanting to for years, but it always looked dead when we walked by so we would turn around and walk away.  We came for happy hour on a friday afternoon.  We will definitely be coming back on our next trip for happy hour again.  We went straight to the bar for 2 for 1 drinks and $1 wings and sliders.  The 2 for 1 beers only works with miller, coors, and bud drafts, not the other 70 beers on taps.  Having wisconsin roots i'm perfectly happy having my miller products and of course refuse the bud products.  Unfortunately they were out of mgd so i went with miller lite.  It was $7 per beer, so $7 for two but they are 20 oz drafts so its really not a terrible deal.  I had 3 my wife had 1.  I thought that was a good ratio of sharing.  We ordered 4 wings and 4 sliders, so $8 for that.  In reality $1 a wing really isnt that good a deal but it sounds like a good deal in Vegas and they actually were really tasty.  So they were worth it and I would happily go back and order a big pile of them.  The sliders were actually really tasty and that is a pretty decent price I felt per slider.  I was happy to see they didn't have a minimum of how many to buy in order to use the deal.  I was waiting for them to say you must order a minimum of 6 or 10 wings but they didn't.  The bartender was good and attentive.  Overall really enjoyed the happy hour and will be back next trip.
3	Come here for happy hour only.  Besides that, this place is only alright becuase the prices are pretty steep for what you get.  During happy hour, there are one dollar wings and sliders (one dollar per wing or slider).  The drinks were nice and strong, but the service was pretty bad.  The server dropped some wings on my personal belongings and didn't bother to say sorry, offer some replacement wings, or offer any help cleaning.  I probably wouldn't have come here if the game wasn't on and I wasn't staying at the Monte Carlo.
3	Tons of beer. Pretty decent selection. Veeeery overpriced. Lame service.
3	I think this place used to be a Rock Bottom Brewery or some other chain back in the day because I remember it being something else and it wasn't the nondescript "The Pub" it is now. Wow. That's a really creative name. We just wanted a quick lunch so we ate at the bar. I had the fish and chips and hubby had the hangover cure burger. Both plates were good. I especially liked the fish portion of my fish and chips. It was surprisingly fresh and there was a LOT of it. The tartar sauce was good too. I really liked hubby's mesquite fries. They tasted like BBQ potato chips. So what makes this place just "OK"? Well, like many others have said, it's just kind of overpriced for what it is. Pub food, unless it touts itself as something high end or fusion, shouldn't be expensive. This isn't a fancy casino, nor is the shopping wing it's located in. Pretty quiet inside = an un-publike atmosphere. And whereas my server (the bartender) was totally on it, I watched from my corner as group after group of people came to the hostess stand where no hostess was to be found (gossiping down the hall with a coworker). Unfortunately people walking away without spending a dime isn't gonna pay The Pub's rent.So to sum it up... decent food, high prices, not a lot of atmosphere. My search for the perfect Vegas pub continues!
3	First time visitor Tuesday evening, just missing "happy hour".  Enormous selection of beers from around the world, but I thought the food menu was sort of limited.  I had the Little Boy Bleu burger and fries, which were hand cut.  The food was standard bar food......good, tasty, and filling but nothing really special.  Being in a strip casino, everything was overpriced, but still affordable.  Service was just mediocre.  Glad I stopped in and checked it out.Live music available at on various days/times of the week.
1	We went to the Pub because we wanted to try the great beers the Pub is suppose to have. While there, we also ordered the $1 Sliders. We sat at the bar, & it was obvious they were very understaffed. The bartenders were not able to keep up with the demand from the customers. We run a restaurant in another city, and all we could keep thinking was, Wow we really feel sorry for these bartenders. It is an impossible job. It took over 30 minutes for our turn to come up to be served. In that time, we saw lots of people leave because they couldn't get served. It just so happened that it was game 7 of the Stanley Cup Finals. It was so crowded in the Pub. The 2 bartenders never lost their cool and were very friendly, but they just couldn't keep up with the demand. What are the Pub's managers thinking. We would never run our restaurant this way. They only reason we are even giving 1 star is because the bartenders were trying so hard to do an impossible job. Shame on you Monte Carlo! We expected so much more.
2	Always order a pizza from here when I am out at the pool...well...not ever again...had a simple order and didn't get it right..BUT the manager was very nice and gave it to me for free.I ordered an appt. to eat while my pizza was cooking since I wanted to take the pizza to go...well the pizza came and no appt....oh well.. pizza was ok, had better from there...Guess I should have just waited....
1	I wanted to go because they advertise over 77 beers on tap...but not this past Friday.  The first three beers I asked for were not available.  Number four was a dog head fish IPA which they finally did have.  The terrible service on a Friday night rates less than 1 star.  This is a great example of commercial industry ruining a great concept, the pub.  Please stick to your Ultra clubs and E TV clients, thanks!
3	The food is boring and uninvented but they do have good happy hour specials and a small patio that over looks the pool for good afternoon people watching.  Suck down a few mojito's and and watch the fashion show go by.
3	Once upon a time, the Monte Carlo was home to a brewpub featuring its own microbrewed selections.  The great thing about this was the fact one could get bottles of this well made beer on the casino floor, giving us poor gamblers a better option than the typical Bud, Miller and Heineken.For whatever reason, the microbrew operation was closed down, turning the pub into a showcase for the world's great beers.  Over 70 taps and 30 bottled selections to choose from.  That's great.  The downside to this is, you can't get any of these selections in the casino.  Additionally, they serve every beer in the same glass, the ubiquitous 12oz slant sided vessel.  Really?  I am a firm believer that the glassware should be matched to the beer.  Belgian beer?  Big tulip.  Strong ale?  Snifter.   The food is relatively unchanged and is pretty standard (and fairly mediocre) pub grub.  So, go for the beer (if you don't care how it's served) and avoid the food.
2	I was excited to check out this place because of their beer selection, however I was very disappointed in the atmosphere of the bar.A large group of us stopped in here to grab a few drinks to start out the night. The pianos were playing lame music and the piano players were trying hard to be funny.... but it just seemed off. The bartender was efficient and friendly but that was about it... After one round we soon left to find something more fun to do.
3	The Pub has revamped their beer list again and they're giving special treatment to locals. You can get 2 for 1 domestics anytime and 50% off all drink on Sundays. Guess where you'll find me come Sunday? That's right, bellied up to the bar for as long as this deal lasts. Majority of suds vary in price from $6-$12. When paying full price you can run up a hefty tab in no time. The selection can't be beat on the strip, and it rivals Yard House.
3	I have been to the Pub a number of times.  Came most recently during a training conference with two other guys.  Each of us had an entree and a beer.  Meatball sliders and pulled pork sliders were great, but the French dip sandwich was just ok and way over priced ($21).  Beer selection was good, but a lot of the tap selection was dominated by Bud/Miller/Coors.  the beer list had a whole lot of other beers, but whenI ordered the Rogue Shakespeare Stout, turns out they didn't really have it.  Beers are a bit pricey...$7 for a Bud Light, $8 for a Guinness and $9 for a Rogue Dead Guy.
3	Nice place to settle into Vegas for a quick meal after driving in from LA.  Or at least that's what my group did last week and this place hit the spot.Seems like it'd be a fun bar to catch a game on TV.We split the sliders and buffalo wings -- I liked the sliders. I tried a local brew, Tenaya Creek Nut Brown....not bad at all.Friendly service, good menu selection, clean restaurant.  The food wasn't incredible, but it's pretty good.
3	A big group of us were staying at the hotel for a friends bachelor party, and this was the dinner spot both nights of the weekend.On the plus side, it is a really big room, so I doubt there is often a wait.  They have a huge list of beers, plus a full bar, so the drinkers in the crowd are going to be happy.  There are lots of TVs, so even though it is not a sports bar, there are plenty of games on the tube.  The burgers were good, though I think the buns were a little too big.  The nachos were tasty, and the hot wings actually had some heat.On the negative side, the other entrees seemed lacking.  The steak was reasonably priced, but it was pretty flavorless.  The dueling pianos never did duel, just took requests and played songs.  depending on who is up there, and they rotate so there are always a pair playing (at least when we were there) they range from fair to decent, but that is about it.  The banter is somewhat funny, but that is about it.  It's been a while, but the dueling piano bar at NY NY actually dues, and gets the whole crowd into sing alongs, which is more in tune with what I expect in a dueling piano bar.
3	So if I were righting a review for this place the first time I came here, it would definitely be a 4 star-er. The first time I came here, they had that ladies drink free from 6-7 and 10-11 and men get 2-1 well drinks and beer...*but this is not the case anymore!* Boo! We here every night my first post-21 adventure and loved drinking for free from 10-11.2 The waiter was awesome too and was bringing 4 drinks at a time...love him! Then I came back during a different trip, and they still had the same free drinks special, but the waiter was a total buzz kill and only let us have 2 at a time...lame. I've had the happy hour nachos here a few times and they're pretty good.But now that they've gotten rid of the free drink special, I just don't see a reason to venture here unless I'm staying at the Monte Carlo.RIP drink specials :(
3	located in monte carlo we decided to check out our hotels pub ...we sat at the bar cuz we're told u have to order drinks there (apparently we kan't do it at our table) takes awhile to get the bartenders attention but once u do they are super nice ...lots of beer to choose from and when u walk in u'll see a display of them deemed "beer locker" along with 2 piano players playing classics this place is a good place to juss chill
4	Stayed at the MC before but have never tried The Pub before. I was impressed, really good beer choices, the dueling pianos and not overly crowded like the dueling pianos in NY NY. Didn't try the food, maybe next time.
1	What a let down!  Atmosphere is brash and noisy, food is overpriced and miniscule portions, (even by Vegas standards) beer choices are OK, but the prices are absolutely ridiculous!!!  $9 FOR A PINT?  C'MON!  $15 FOR THREE 4 OZ. TASTES?  REALLY?  WHAAAAT?  I'LL NEVER BE BACK!
3	About 80 different taps here but only one stout/porter (at least they had the sense to have Guinness) on draft. Decent selection off bottles including DFW Red & White and some very pricey imports. I remember a $400 Italian IPA - yikes! They did have a nice focus on local beers including Tenaya Creek, James, and others.Decent menu with sandwiches, flatbread pizza, appetizers, etc. This trip I sat at the bar and had the stuff meatball sliders. Very tasty. Just the right amount of marinara sauce and spices.They have a great deal for locals on beers for Sunday. Just stop at the front desk and get a "Locals Access" car. Good happy hour specials.They have a motto you can't beat "Eat like a King. Drink like a village idiot".
4	On the last trip I took to Vegas with a few friends last August while we where walking around the strip and we where on our way towards City center we stumbled here for a late afternoon lunch. I love how the decor was so bright with the nice ocean blue color, and the brands of beer, and photos around the restaurant. The type of vibe I got was sort of a bar with their wooden chairs and tables and open area where you can see people walking by. The workers where really nice and very fast at delivering and taking our orders. I ordered the "bone-in rib-eye" which came with a huge rib-eye with the bone, mashed potatoes and some greens. The mash potato was really good, I know because I ate it all. My rib-eye was also on point! Very juicy, full of flavor and that thing was so huge that I still had extra to go. This huge plate was only $23 not bad for a lot of food. My girlfriend ordered the "Pub burger" for $14 which is a huge burger, your choice of vegetables and type of bun (potato) but what makes the burger special is the "secret sauce" that they use. The burger was so huge that even divided by three we would still not have eaten it all. And my other friend ordered the buffalo wings with blue cheese as a dipping sauce for $12. The wings where also huge and really juicy with lots of meat! Everything here was good and for a reasonable price. We didn't try the beer or drinks but I'm sure they where good too. Next trip back to Vegas, I'm gonna make sure to hit this place back up!
3	Chose The Pub to hear the dueling pianos.We went in for dinner at 9:00 pm on Saturday night to hear the dueling pianos.  There were 5 of us and we weren't very hungry so ordered appetizers:  french fry trio, chicken quesadilla, nacho's, artichoke dip and a salad.  It was a lot of food and it was good.The place was not busy at all, the piano players were asking for birthdays, anniversaries, etc so I wrote down it was my daughters 21st birthday with her name and put $3 or $4 dollars in the tip jar.  Didn't even request a song.  They never mentioned her even though they were begging for suggestions, etc.  So my 'tip' would be to write down what you want and hand the piano player your ticket and money so he sees it.  Don't bother with anything less than $5 if you really want a song played.2 piano players started and then swapped out 1 player for another and they duplicated a song which struck me as odd since they'd only been playing for about 45 minutes.They were decent and fun but don't go if you want to talk and socialize because you can't hear anything.  Staff was nice and attentive even though we weren't drinking.I'd probably go back again for the food and the dueling pianos but was disappointed (so was my daughter).  Pepsi products only (YUCK) that's a disappointment.
5	I was able to catch the game while still being close to the pool! The waitstaff was friendly, attentive, and helpful. If you are into healthy eating, order The Anton!!! I wish I could get every restaurant to serve that EXACT meal (grilled chicken patty topped with an egg--any style, served with a salad of lettuce, tomatoes, cheese, and avocado). They also serve Lindeman's Framboise here.. pricey, but a must for those seeking an alternative to the standard flavor of beer. This place is great for watching games all day, and attracts serious fans! I felt right at home, and would definitely make it my go-to spot for catching games (and good food) in vegas.
4	Fun place with a great selection of beer!
5	The beer menu and the food here rock. The beer selection is massive and great. Menu is broken up by style and is noted if in bottle or on tap. Spent several nights in this place. The dueling pianoes is great as well. I stop by every time i am back in Vegas.
2	The Pub is a spot in the Monte Carlo-- the only reason that I ate here twice was because of convenience.  The first time:   My gf and I were looking for a spot that was showing Monday Night Football, and we were staying at the Monte Carlo so we figured we'd hit up their happy hour and watch the game.  We sat at the bar-- staff was nice... but slow.  I ended up getting the $1 wings- which were actually pretty good.  My gf ended up getting the nachos for us to share.  Meh.  Not great.  The nachos had green peppers on them, and what tasted like cheez whiz on the chips... I'm not a fan of either... so I wasn't thrilled.  We ended up drinking more than we ate-- which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but we did go for dinner and drinks.  It was what it was-- not great, not terrible.  And the decor is actually very appealing.  I can see why people would want to go in and order food.  It's a sports bar away from home.  The second time:  So we ended up going back a few days later... again because we were staying in the hotel.  We figured that the first experience was not the "greatest" because we hit up happy hour.  This time was going to be different.  We were going to order REAL food.  We ended up ordering artichoke dip and Margarita Flat bread.  The artichoke dip was actually good.  I even said, "I'm glad we gave this place a 2nd chance."  I was so happy that I even ordered an IPA that was on tap... figuring that we would stay here for a little while.  The IPA came out... the food was good... we were just waiting for our flatbread.... waiting... waiting... waiting... Beer is gone.  Artichoke Dip is getting tiresome... still waiting... FINALLY 40 minutes and we have a Flatbread.Me:  It looks good babe, how does it taste?Her:  It's cold.  The cheese is cold.  The crust is cold.Me:  Are you kidding me?Her:  No.  Have a bite.I do... and it is cold.Her:  I'm sending this back... and we are going.Me:  *Sigh* Okay.The waitress is super nice and sends it back.  She had no questions, she just apologized and asked if we wanted something else.  We reply no thank you.  The waitress brings our check... and that YUMMY IPA that I had-- is starring back at us with a $10 charge.  Over. It.  Now, I'm not one to b*tch about a bill but..... we had (1) Artichoke Dip, (1) Miller Lite, and (1) IPA-- Bill was $32. Lame.
2	Food is actually pretty decent.  Staff is just plain rude!!!  Didn't even know what the special band discount the front desk gave us meant....treated us like crap.  Then on special bday dinner they royally screwed up my dinner reservation.Again - food and beer would have given this a 4 star.  Staff definitely brings this rating down.
5	I love this restaraunt/bar. My boyfriend and I took a trip to Vegas and we watched a UFC fight here and got to experience a wonderful atmosphere, amaing waiter (cody), and the tastiest mos amazing burger I have ever had in my life. No kidding. I actually went back to our hotel room wishing I ordered another one for later. Highly recommended.On our next trip this will be my first stop.
1	Terrible service and high prices.  Not to mention that it has a high douche bag factor.
3	They were fine. Pub food. Okay selection. Easy pool access. Large screen TVs if you are looking for a place to watch the game. There happy hour specials are not great. You can only get the discount food if you order the booze (which are not discounted) so you end up spending the same as if they actually had discounted drinks. Services was mediocre since they are more of a bar than a place with table service.
2	Well let me start out with there is a Entertainment tax when the dualing piano singers are playing. I'm not from Vegas and i guess i should have known it as per the manager on duty. there is no sign at the entrance or on the menu. Food was ok. waiters not attentive as he forgot a few items that we had to remind him about.
4	On our trip to Vegas we hit The Pub a couple times during our visit. Overall, I would have to say this was one of my favorite places. They offer a lot seating, casual atmosphere and a HUGE beer list. They even had my favorite beer on tap and that is for sure a rarity. They also had a decent sized menu and we did try the hot wings. They were good, but nothing to write home about. They had many bartenders on the clock, so we never had to wait for a single drink. I would say the drinks were very reasonably priced, as well as the food. One night they had two gentlemen playing the piano and haggling the customers. They played good music and it was very entertaining. If you're looking for a casual, relaxing, down home bar, this is the place for you.
3	We were on our way to the Rio Hotel for the buffet, but stopped by The Pub on the way to the tram. We saw the signs for Happy Hour posted all over the Monte Carlo, so we thought we'd get one beer. We asked the bartender what specials they had, he replied with "Well, ummm...there are nice beers". We actually wanted to know about the Happy Hour drink specials (but after we had left and saw another flier realized that Happy Hour specials were only good during the weekday, it was Sunday). They didn't have the two first choices of beer that my boyfriend had, but he finally settled on one. I ordered the raspberry cider beer. It was really good, I liked it because it didn't have that overwhelming taste of beer. Our total came to like $20 after tip. It was a nice stop along the way. Since it was Sunday, they did have a football game on. We probably would have stayed, watched and ate some food. But we were on the mission to the buffet. Maybe next time.
3	I like this bar, bu only on happy hour or for some special event where beer prices are reasonable. Otherwise, beer is crazy expensive here. However, an $8 fat tire is not bad when it's 2 for 1 time. Great beer selection, but again...sticker shock. There were actually a few beers I've never had, which is actually shocking. I am the self proclaimed beer master and usually have had every beer in a bar or liquor store. It's pretty rare to have selections I've never tried.So we went to this place to re-hydrate after the Las Vegas Rock N Roll marathon and  the National Finals Rodeo was in town for the week or two. It was crazy, but they had $5 dollar beer and shot specials, 32 oz beer boots and random give-aways. We actually won a bunch of random cowboy stuff, which is not my style, but someone I know is getting a massive Jack Daniel's belt buckle from it.It can get quite loud when there is a band playing or DJ going during the late night, but it's a fun, eventful scene.Remember the happy hour/reverse happy hour. It's not listed anywhere, but it exists.
1	We were looking for a quick snack and after seeing this place a few times we decided to pop in for a quick app and some drinks. The service was just ok. We ordered the Chicken Fajita Nachos and they were disgusting. They use that fake 7-11 style cheese and it made all the nachos  soggy and completely inedible. The only saving grace? The Pyramid Apricot Ale deserves a star by itself. Extensive beer choices. Stay away from the nachos. They have an food challenge which is intriguing...8 oz burger with a 32 oz beer-all need to be down in 45 minutes or less....I wouldn't mind seeing that one!
1	This place sucks.  The staff here is slow and inattentive.  I wanted to order beer after getting my food, but the server never checked on me during my meal.  So, I never got that beer and my water was never refilled.  The food wasn't that great either.  I literally had to chase down one of the workers to get my check and that took forever.  I was annoyed and irritated after dining here.One redeeming aspect of this place is that it has plenty of TVs to enjoy games, fights, etc.  You should spend your time and money elsewhere.
4	Update: (6/2/11) Visited again while on vacation in Las Vegas this past memorial weekend, and had a wax sealed bomber of Joseph James Bourbon Barrel Aged Russian Imperial stout, at the bar (from their cellar) for $20. Not bad considering it's a bar and not retail, and that I've paid twice that for a bomber retail (FF Eclipse as one example) Still a solid place, being on the strip. Craft beer oasis on the strip. However,  rememberthat when your there, this bar is in a Mega Casino in Las Vegas on the strip, I'd recomend visiting during the afternoon, or lunch time hours. At night, or during say a Pay per view fight, or March Madness, it's a very different experience, and the bar can get VERY VERY crowded. My wife and I stopped in for lunch, and took our time looking over the beer menu, which has over 70 taps on it. A large amount, as you would imagine, are macro's, with some great exceptions though. We both ordered the Russian Imperial Stout from "Fox", which is a local brewery to Las Vegas, and based in Neveda. The Russian Imperial Stout was quite good too actually. We followed that up with another RIS from Tenaya Creek, also very good. The bartender was pretty cool chatting us up, and even said when we inquired about the happy hour speical that started a few hours later "Please, why would I insult you, your drinking $9 beers" which we both thought was funny, and a good point. It is vegas, so the pints were not super cheap, but I've paid more than that, and I apprecaited the sentiment that both he and us knew what quality beer was. The food was very good too, and recomended for lunch, the sandwiches have a lot of flavor, which being vegetarian, I really appreciated. If your in Las Vegas, and staying on the strip, anywhere near Monte Carlo, I would recomend this bar.
5	Came here on NYE with my husband, friends and my mom.  We decided that we didn't want to be on the strip this year for NYE, but we wanted to go to Vegas.  So, we took advantage of the $99 all you can drink deal that The Pub offered.  We had the best NYE EVER!!First off, we made sure to arrive an hour early so we could secure patio seating since there were only three patio seating arrangements.  We were SO glad we did!  We got a couch, three chairs, a table and a patio heater...so we were set up!  The deal was all you can drink domestic beers and well drinks from 8p-12a...no gimmicks, no catch.  In addition to that, and unbeknownst to us, they also came around constantly with the most amazing hors d'oeuvres and served us at our table.  They served bacon wrapped meatloaf, mini chicken wellington, ahi tuna, sliders, caprese salad kabobs...to name a few.  Absolutely delicious!!  We met SO many people from all over the world, drank all night and ate like kings. They also had gogo dancers and a DJ inside, so we could watch from our table and listen to the music without being drowned out by it.  To finish off the night off, we had front row seating to the firework show at midnight, along with a complimentary champagne toast.The evening was perfect, the staff was amazing, the food and drinks were excellent!  We were able to enjoy ourselves and relax while being in Vegas and partying at the same time.  We will DEFINITELY attend this again next year if it's offered again!
4	Went for the Happy Hour and stayed for the burgers.  I think it was from 3 to 6pm, it was a buy one get one free deal.  I got a plastic boot full of beer for $7 (which was about 3 beers!!!).  Really good selection of beers and nice place to watch any game.     On to the grub.  Ordered the $18 build your own burger.  Mine consisted of Kobe beef patty, goat cheese, fried egg, bacon, jalapenos on potato bread with onion rings which I tried to shove into my massive burger.  It was cooked perfectly medium.  It was massive and yes I devoured every last bite. Was well worth the cash.  I will definitely return again and try the another burger concoction.   FYI: they had a buffet which I heard was really good and was offered at a moderate price.  Not sure, but I think it was like $10 or so.
3	Had lunch here today...the beer selection is amazing...maybe the best I've ever seen.  However...the beer prices are outrageous ($9 for a pint of Stella Artois).  The food is also expensive, but was decent.  The sliders are good.  Service was good, atmosphere was fine, only real issue was beer pricing and limited menu items.
3	After wandering around for awhile we found this place. As you walk in there is a  large wall of lighted round beer signs. ( http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/U-zsJM-VN89i3PbaIbKmJw?select=V3A3x4MjV54sAjLt1wh5gQ  )This is a massive bar  with a giant menu of beers on tap. From Ale's, Bock, IPA, domestics ,and  harder to find types like,  barley wines, fruit beers. Got the Rogue Shakespeare Stout and Rogue Dead Guy , great beers ! Most of the beers here are about $9 , not cheap , but for there overwhelming selection high alcohol %   and rare beers the price seemed fair. Plenty of space and TVs to enjoy the game and hang out.
4	Very cool place here. It gets a bonus star because it was in my hotel. Monte Carlo and had lots of beer. The place is extremely sport oriented. Outside there are NFL flags of every team hanging. Very cool. All the tvs everywhere and the selection of beer is amazing. Food: Burgers and burgers and more burgers. They also have a burger challenge. I believe it was a 8 lb burger. A regular burger is already about 10 oz. I didn't attempt. But I did attempt at drinking as many beers as I can. So delish. Staff: Really nice and friendly. From the host to the waiter to the busser, all very friendly. Final Verdict: Cool spot to drop if you are ever thirsty for beer or want to watch sports.
3	Very much your normal sports bar type of place, except with food that is a bit better than you would expect and a beer selection that is staggering. We went for the food, so that is why it gets three stars, had we gone to it for the bar, probably a five star score.The chicken nachos are surprisingly good, but don't plan on ordering a meal after getting them. We also had the beef sliders which were perfectly juicy little burgers served with big, fat onion rings. Neither of these meals blew our minds, but we weren't disappointed on our choice of restaurant.Go for the beer, but eat if you get hungry!
3	I had not been here in years and they used to have their own brewed wheat beer and it was great. Unfortunately, they no longer brew their own beer but have a lot of local and world beers to choose from. The food is good but not great. Way better places to eat in Vegas.
5	Get the Kobe beef burgers and you'll be pleased. My girlfriend still says the hangover burger is the best she's ever had.
5	Can't beat 2 draft beers for 7.57 during happy hour!!! Make sure rodger is your bartender! Super friendly awesome guy!!!
4	We were staying at the MC, so the pub was on the list of places to stop in.  The one thing I regret is that we did so for an early-ish lunch and weren't in the mood to drink so the 300 beers on their menu went untasted!  I can't believe we didn't have just one!  It is so unlike us :) At any rate the place was quiet on a Monday and we got a nice spot towards the middle with a good view of a bank of TVs and the outside.  Our waitresses were crazy efficient.  I would take a drink of water and it would be refilled - it was almost too much attention!  For my lunch I had the pub sliders and onion rings. I am not a slider fan so I have idea why I ordered them (generally too much bread and not enough meat in my opinion), but I ended up loving them.  They had a great flavor and the buns were nice and soft.   Plus the onion rings had a beer battered taste, which made them delish!  I can't complain!  It was fast, good and service was on top of it!  We'd go back - and have a beer this time!
2	generic sports bar/pub at the monte carlo...we were staying here and needed a place to rest before leaving for the airport...luckily it was happy hour so the cheap beers and $1 wings and sliders was a good deal and a good way to cover some time...wouldn't suggest this as a must-stop though!
2	Holy tease of a Happy Hour....The Islanders were playing the Rangers...ads for 2 for 1 drinks were all around....$1 sliders and wings were the kicker...it was time to hit up The Pub for Happy Hour.TEASE 1Quickly you see on the menu 'select beers' for the 2 for 1 special.  I get it.  The place has an encyclopedia of beers and some of them are expensive.  Then the bartender told me the happy hour beer selection....Miller, Coors, Bud.  Really?  Not even some of the various domestic taps you have??  Even with a special how can you go to a place like this and get a Bud Light.  TEASE 2Ordered 5 sliders for $1 each as advertised.  Score.  They came out and were exactly the size of a munchkin.  Fail.  The people next to us at the bar giggled at the sight of these little burgies.  One bite wonders.TEASE 3I'm not sure if this one is even a tease.  $1 wings.  That doesn't even seem like a deal.  Ok, maybe if they are big Dinosaur BBQ style wings $1 makes sense, but they are not. They are just your average sized buffalo wings. $.10-.25 wings is a good happy hour special for these.Come here for a good selection of beers.  Hit another place for happy hour.
4	The Pub has a fantastic look and feel to it and I would have loved to drink some of their many, awesome beers, but we came in for lunch and it was early and I was still in recovery from the night before. But I plan on going back and having at least a couple dozen of their 300 or so beers at some point.Service was great and they barely let the drinks go dry before bringing another one, which is always on my list of good things.I had a burger, which was cooked just the way I like it (burned!). I got the bacon on it, which came out a little weird. It was just a bunch of bacon crumbles on the meat. It turned out tasting excellent, but sometimes you just want to chew on a strip of bacon!Definitely be back!
3	This became backup spot to watch the NBA games on my last visit here.The place is actually quite big and has an impressive Beer List. The prices can be shocking at times for some hard to find beers (20$+ for a pint) so make sure you check the price before you order.On the several trips here I had tried the pub burger (forgetful), Short Rib flat bread (average) and fried chicken liver (enjoyable).  They have an interesting make your own burger like the Burger Bar in Mandalay Bay Resort  (with a lot less options) . My buddy concocted his own creation and commented it actually tasting better than the Burger Bar.  The place can get quite busy and the service can get spotty. I tried the mojito's here once too and found it quite weak so we ended up ordering an extra shot of rum to make it right (the server was surprised when we did that).Happy Hour has decent deals with $ slider and wings and buy one get one free domestic pint.One of the better pubs in Vegas IMO.3.5 Stars.
4	My favorite place in Las Vegas for wings. After staying at the Monte Carlo in March 2011, my girlfriend and I made 2 trips here over our 3.5 night stay because it was THAT good. The wings are absolutely to die for, and the ambience reminds me of the pubs we have at home in Calgary. The first time we were here, we ordered the wings, spinach and artichoke dip, and the crab cakes. We also ordered mojitos and caesars. All VERY good. This past weekend, we were in Vegas and just had to make a stop for the infamous wings, and this time we also ordered the calamari and the nachos. Wings were fabulous like always, but the calamari had some weird sauce with it (instead of the standard tzatziki) which we weren't a fan of. The nachos were MAJORLY cheesy which was awesome. I ordered a caesar but this time I thought it was a bit too watered down, and I didn't really like it. Our server was also a bit MIA, and hard to track down when we needed something. However, I will absolutely be back for those heavenly wings next time I'm in Vegas.
1	This has got to be one of the worst experiences that I have EVER had at a restaurant.  We arrived and were told that there would be a 10-15 minute wait...45 minutes later, nothing.  We did not see anyone seated while we were waiting and nothing was said to us at all as we stood right there (it was as if we ceased to exist).  The hostesses look confused the majority of the time but just kept adding names to their list and giving times that we certainly unrealistic. A couple bar seats opened in the main dining room bar and we made a beeline to them as they are supposed to serve the full menu there (and it was first come, first served).  We sat down and waited as the bartender walked back and forth in front of us about 5 times without even an acknowledgement.  He finally asked what he could get us (after waiting about 10 minutes) and we asked for a food menu.  He grabbed a menu and set it in front of us.  It was a drink menu....no food.  He said that he was leaving and that we would probably have to get our food and drink at the other bar and walked away.  I thought surely the restaurant would replace him as there were about 15-20 people still at the bar when he said that he was leaving (it was about 7pm and busy....so I am dumbfounded how a manager would let the bar go unattended in prime time hours with that many people waiting currently to be served and because of the ever growing list at the front).  He left the bar area and we saw him talking to what looked like a manager.....he was there for about 15 more minutes.  We still had no food, no drink, no menu and NO SERVICE at all (now over an hour into this nightmare).  OH....and we never took our name off of the list at the front....and were still never called to a table.  (We have been here before and the service wasn't great then either...but at least we were able to sit and eat).   We finally decided to just leave and pick something up on the way home. I think the lack of service (TWICE now) was SO BAD that I would never go back again....AND we are locals!!!
1	If this were just a rating on their kobe beef burger, the sports bar projector and mounted flatscreen setup or the 300 different beers to choose from, this would be a a legit 5 star rated establishment. However, they get 1 star for having crappy management because they are always understaffed the past 3 years I've brought my groups of 50+ there. The manager two years ago who did a terrible job was replaced this year with another assistant manager who does an equally terrible job. For the past three years in a row I've had my UK alumni club and out of town fans watch games here. The first two years they didn't guarantee us volume but we got it because we came there in large numbers to bring them all sorts of revenue buying overpriced beer and food for going there twice (understandable seeing it is the Vegas strip). This year, they fed us a bunch of crap on how they could not give us volume as they are managed by MGM/Monte Carlo's sports book and have no precedence on channel/game preference. However, some of my members went to the sports book and the game was on with full volume. I knew these guys were knucklehead idiots because the audio receiver and DirecTV boxes were located right in the front left of the restaurant and it's a simple change of the channel from in there.On the flipside, they do cater with various happy hours during the week from 3-6 as well as give locals a discount card which should help out. I understand it's on the strip, therefore the price is quite a bit more, let alone being the first weekend of spring break and for March Madness. I would suggest this place to friends who want to watch sports on an off time and to avoid this place like the plague if there are special events.
2	Pretty standard pub fare at Vegas prices, except with worse service.  I'm pretty sure it took about 15 minutes before someone came to take our order.The Pub also advertises a bunch of different specials for happy hour and "game day specials."  We were denied both of these, despite the fact that we came at about 5PM on the second Thursday of the NCAA Tournament.Beer selection is pretty decent, but as some have noted, many of the rarer ones will cost as much as (or more than) entrees.
3	We came here twice during our stay in Vegas.  The first time to get a couple of milkshakes and the second time to take advantage of the Happy Hour special.The milkshakes were awesome after a long day of walking.  Daughter got the strawberry milkshake and I got the one with rum, vanilla ice cream, and other tasty stuff.The happy hour special was mixed.  For beers on tap, they have Coors, Bud, and MGD to choose from.  That's fine, but not beer that I want to go crazy with.  The sliders have a thousand island-type dressing that I hold a mixed view on, but they're well worth the $1 each.  Note that you have to order minimally three at a time.  The chicken wings seemed a bit paltry to pay $1 each for, so next time I'll stick with the sliders.As for service and ambiance, the place is okay.  They took good care of us and we never had to wait long for anything.  There are televisions throughout the place that were playing sports.  Maybe because of the international crowd at the Monte Carlo, many of the TVs are playing soccer the times we were there.
1	We actually never even entered the place.  The person at the hostess stand was so rude and awful that we couldn't bear to enter.
3	Loved their drinks!! They have great happy hour for drinks and sliders. Sliders were pretty good. They put way too much meat on such a little bun so I picked off most of it. Service was okay. Nothing special. Then, the 2 dueling piano players came in. Wow, they were so boring. I kinda felt bad for them because no one was giving them requests and they were just playing like 5 seconds of songs for people to request and pay them money. This place was so empty at 930. Prob won't be back here. Too many other options (New York, New York).
4	I enjoyed this place. Good entertainment (dueling pianos), good food (the pub burger), and nice atmosphere.
3	In a case of 'I was in the building so I figured I'd try it out', I had to be at the Monte Carlo this week for a meeting right around lunch time and thought I'd take that opportunity to try a new burger spot. While not a single person has recommended me to The Pub, I figured I'd try it out nonetheless as their menu listed several different options online and a friend said she had a great burger there. So have I stumbled across a hidden gem?Located in the always desolate 'mall' area of the Monte Carlo, The Pub as its name suggests is very much focused on their beer selection. The space is huge, with a lot of high top tables, and a sinuous bar that seems to go on forever through the room. The menu offers many selections from typical bar food, to some more atypical items like wiener schnitzel, shrimp po'boy, and muffaletta. But placed in the center of the menu is a highlighted Build Your Own Burger section, with several pre-made choices placed next to it.I went with the Pub Burger, which consists of cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato, red onion and The Pub secret sauce. Upon first bite the meat had great char flavor, but that kind of got lost as I got into the rest of it. The 'regular' bun I went with was way too big, thick and dry. It had a good buttery smell, but that hint of flavor didn't come through enough. The meat had good flavor overall as well, it was cooked just right, but was not as juicy as I would have liked as there was no mess at the end. I see that mess on my plate when I'm finished and it makes me all the more satisfied. The cheese was non-existent in the whole assembly, but it had ok flavor when I pulled some out and tried some on its own. The secret sauce was almost non-existent too; luckily there was some sauce on the onions I pulled out so I was able to sample it. It was eerily similar to In-N-Out sauce, seemed to be a relish-based flavor. Overall this was a decent burger, nothing outstanding. Maybe if the bun was a bit smaller and less overpowering I could have enjoyed the overall flavor of everything a tiny bit more.My beer-battered fries were ok, they had decent flavor and were cooked well. Nothing out of this world. Can anyone suggest a place they've had lately with stand out fries?? Probably not. By the end of my meal I was full, maybe even satisfied, but not blown away. This was just another run-of-the-mill decent burger, I feel like a lot of the bars I go to lately are just coming through on creating a slightly better than normal burger that fits the formula. I miss being blown away I guess. My burger, fries and iced tea came to just over $18 which is acceptable for a location on the strip I suppose, but there are far better options on the strip if you're specifically going somewhere for a stand out burger.
4	Avoid sitting at the bar because the bartender was less than friendly, BUT the Bornem Triple Abbey Ale was simply the best beer ever and the Kobe burger was outstanding.  Soccer on the big screen and NHL on the little screen? Come on, man!
3	Happy hour all day (if you check into 4square OR you're a guest at Monte Carlo).  Their sliders were pretty good for just having dressing and cheese.  Their wings were standard wings but at $1 a piece, it wasn't bad.The trio of fries was definitely not worth the $11 price tag, at least not for such a small quantity.  I'd think that $11 would get you enough fries to share among our table of 4 girls, apparently not.  The mesquite fries were the best, they were crisp and seasoned well.  The sweet potato and regular fries were a disappointment because they were extremely soggy.They have some pretty fun alcoholic float options but I wish they'd advertise that out on the patio.  It was a semi-ly different menu menu inside.  They also have a beer sampler combo which I liked but it was much too early for me to start drinking haha =TThey also turn into a piano bar at night and the crowd and energy of the place is definitely worth a visit =)
3	I've come to this restaurant before while in Vegas but it was not "The Pub" as it is now.  There are a lot of beers on tap...and I do mean A LOT.  We decided to check out "happy hour" since it was advertised in our hotel room but gotta say, it was a pretty crappy happy hour.  $1 wings and sliders (my friend said the wings sucked and were not crispy) and buy one get one pints on select beers...very select beers...like Coors, Bud, Miller, etc.  LAME!  I don't want to come to a bar with a huge selection of beer and order domestic crap.  Weak.  However, the blue cheese burger was good and they onion rings were too.  It's hard to find a good deal in Vegas on the strip and you won't find it here.
3	We've spoken about eating at The Pub ever since we first came to Vegas for vacation many years ago. The Happy Hour (HH)specials looked fantastic and when I saw those burgers dripping happy meaty juices on people's plates as we walked by and their BYOB (Build Your Own Burger)menu I knew this place was meant for us. So today, on a whim, we went to The Pub and left feeling just, "Meh." My fiance may have a different opinion, but when I was just not impressed. We started with the nachos. We saw pictures on Yelp and they looked delicious. They came to the table and oh no, cheese sauce. Oh fake cheese sauce. I have several pet peeves when it comes to my food, and I do not pay $14 for somewhat stale tasting chips drowned in cheese sauce. There was some real cheese on these nachos, but the overwhelming appearance of crap fake cheese sauce turned me off. The guacamole I yoinked from the top though was AMAZING and perfect in every way. The nachos seemed confused though, and any avid nacho eater like myself needs nachos to be worth the 2000 calories per plate.Since we ate outside, I felt like a Cobb salad. My fiance got the 12 buffalo wings. First, his buffalo wings looked pretty darn delicious, and he said they were somewhere in taste between Hooters and BWW (the man has an obsession with the "wings" at Hooters, ha!), but to me, they looked great. The presentation was on a wood cutting board, two dressings and carrots and celery. VERY little grease on the board and they looked crispy and juicy. Nicely done. This is part of the reason why they received the 3 stars.I will take a deep breath before speaking about my Cobb salad. I have been spoiled by the Cobb salad at Wildfire back in the Chicago area, because this Cobb was disheartening. I did not expect something gourmet, but for $17 I would expect lots of Cobb salad ingredient happiness. This Cobb had the grilled chicken placed on top of a salad that I had to toss in order to find any of the ingredients listed on the menu. Avocado? A few pieces. Bacon, barely one slice cut up in the salad. Goat cheese? Two chunks. Tomato? A decent amount chopped up in the salad. Vinaigrette? PERFECT. The salad was just bland. Nothing exciting. Cobb salads are not supposed to be healthy at all, and this one WAS healthy and in the bad way. For $17, this dish is something I could too easily make at home. No bueno.Service? Decent. Nothing exciting, but decent. We are not high maintenance eaters, so it should not have been anything too intense. Amidst my salad and nacho disappointment, we are going to go back and attack some burgers. A BYOB Kobe beef burger situation? Yes, let's do it. 3 stars may turn into 4 stars if their burgers are as good as the restaurant Monte Carlo advertises in every Vegas brochure imaginable.
5	Loved this place.  $1 sliders (Happy hour) are best dollar burger you'll find anywhere.  Their small but tasty, grab a few of those and the $1 wings.  Also drinks are buy one, get one....great deal ! Theirs outdoor seating facing pool, and great service.  Lots of tv's inside for watching games.
2	I wanted to like this joint but the food was disappointing. We ordered the hamburger, pork slider, and margarita pizza. The buns were hard and dry but if you're into big buns you would appreciate this place. The fries looked as if it was just defrosted. I had to request for a new batch. 2nd was ok.  The server who took our order was pleasant. But seemed to have disappeared for a long while until he needed to pick up the signed bill. Spent close to $80! I was not impress at all.
5	John makes the best freakin Bloody Mary!  Happy Hour is 3-6.My suggestion is to check in to Foursquare.  They may have a 2 for 1 special for you.  All you do is show the bartender that you checked in to the Pub and you get the special.
3	Great wings, great milkshakes, The Pub is fun for overall fun and noisiness in a dinner place.  Lots of TV's (we watched the Astros choke against LA), and the live band performed 80's punk rock with aplomb.  I liked the wings and burger (kobe burger) that I had, and the mudslide milkshake was fun.  We stayed here for about 2 hours, and it started to wear on me after a while.Loved the wait staff.  No complaints, very friendly, very knowledgeable.
1	This is the worst pub I've ever been to. After they didn't have the first two beers i wanted, I ordered a seasonal beer, and they brought me a Christmas beer, this was in June. I ordered nachos and they were so coated with cheese they were soggy. I do not consider 2 blocks of cheese melted on top of chips with no other toppings nachos. The guacamole it was served with had chunks of avocado in it and no flavor. My friend ordered the muffaleta that tasted the equivalent of a sandwich from 7-11. Overall it was the worst meal we had in Vegas, you'd be better off walking over to the Mcdonald's in the Monte Carlo food court.
4	This place is nice and big. They have several different type of beers here. I ordered a small Blue Moon at the bar. My friends ordered a larger size. The difference between the two sizes were very small. Blue Moon was strong and made me feel full instantly. I like the ambience of the bar. I would come here again.
5	This place is awesome!!!!!Don't forget to get your locals card if you live in Vegas, so you can get 2 for 1 drink specials all of the time.They have good food, great servers, and awesome drinks......
3	The first night we were here, the bartender hooked us up with some drinks. They have dueling pianos but we didn't get to stay and watch.We came back for dinner the next day after hanging out at the pool. Service was a bit slow despite the fact that there werent that many people. I felt adventurous and had the chicken livers. I really regretted it...I kinda only wanted it more for the tempura green beans, which were limp and flavorless. My friends had the artichoke/spinach dip, fries, philly cheese burgers...which were just ok. The bill ended up being $80!! And only one of us had an alcoholic drink (they wouldn't serve 2 of us because we didn't have our IDs on us).I swear to god all the restaurants we tried in this hotel were TERRIBLE!
2	The food was good but the service was horrible and despite being their for lunch it was louder then any restaraunt I have ever eaten. I did like the food and it was a great venue to watch European soccer but as an eatery it was anything but it was not horrible. I will say despite the fact that the six of us are incredibly polite our waitress seemed to be in a fowl mood and directed it at us.Overall, it was quite disappointing.Great for the Euro soccer watchers though.
4	this place reminds me of home and im sure you will feel the same when you leave. this place has over 300 beers and the food is pretty good too. it wasnt expensive, the average burger and fries will run you about 14 dollars  . They have an amazing happy hour ( 3-6pm ) 1 dollar sliders and wings . During happy hour Miller, Bud and Coors products are 2 for 1 . You wont be sorry if you stop by . P.S. ask for Lori she is one of the best waitresses ive ever had . ENJOY.
3	I stopped by The Pub at Monte Carlo for lunch and a few beers.  They offer an awesome variety of draft and bottled beers, which anyone should take advantage of, as I did.For my lunch, I started with an appetizer of fried chicken livers, which came with tempura green beans.  Both the livers and the beans were perfectly fried, and not greasy. I created a burger from their convenient Build Your Own Burger menu.  The options to choose from and the quality of my appetizer had my expectations raised high, but alas, they were to be let down.The toppings I ordered for my burger (including a tasty caper-aioli) were of sufficient quality, but the beef patty was cooked beyond my requested medium-rare, and the meat was lacking seasoning.  The french fries which came with the burger also were devoid of seasoning, which is a shame, because I think The Pub uses quality products.Though I wasn't thrilled with my burger, my appetizer experience leads me to believe there are some good dishes in The Pub's diverse menu.  If nothing else, you'll enjoy a formidable selection of beers, with both food and drink being reasonably priced.
2	Holy schlamoly! This place CHANGED. The first time I came here back in 2004 it was a BREWERY. It was cool, it was fun, it was affordable. The beer was good and made there...Fast forward to my last visit in 2010. It's a lot more...douchy. I'm not sure what made them make such a drastic change. The place used to smell of hops and malt (which smells like burnt wet oatmeal if you haven't had the pleasure). Now, it's just like any sports bar on the strip. Gone are the tanks, the smell of brewing beer, and that brewpub feel.And it is freaking expensive. Unless you make it for Happy Hour - which unfortunately we were too early for. I talked this place up and was sorely disappointed by the changes. I really had no reason to come to the Monte Carlo other than this spot. We had to walk through that hotel/casino that smelled like old lady perfume. I had such a headache after that adventure.My advice - avoid this spot if you are looking for a unique place to have a pint. Or, if you have to go, go during happy hour.
3	We had a private cabana with the private pool at the Monte Carlo pool....part of the requirements were that we place our food orders for the day though The Pub....the food over all was good.  We had 22 of us ordering food through out the day so lots of items were sampled.  They made the Mac & Cheese to my 12 year old neices requirements & she loved it.  Hubby enjoyed the Pub Burger, I had the spinich salad which was yummy, my sister in law had the turkey wrap, but she was a bit disappointed in that- we later found out that that item was not made fresh but came in pre-made.  We had nachos, humus, kid chicken fingers and the sweet potato fries which also got a thumbs up from the crowd....they did mess up an order of the shrimp alfredo, but they ended up allowing my neice to eat what they brought her, which was the chicken (this dish takes along time to make & my 14 year old niece was "starving") and they took the alfredo off the bill...of course with 22 people eatng pool side all day long the bill was a good one....next time we will give them a try from their establishment instead of pool side....where the wait and $17 soft drinks pool side were my only real complaints...
3	Great beer selection but not a good spot if you are in the mood for something else.
2	Ill give them two stars based on two things. When we first got there I was really excited to try their different hamburgers. I ordered one of the hamburgers on their menu which was like $14 dollars and came with fries. The waitress asked which type of bread I wanted and I selected the regular bun. We all ordered drinks just sodas and waters. A different waiter brought out the drinks and it turned out they forgot to bring one of our drinks. Since the waitress did not appear to check if everything was ok we tried to hunt down another server. We finally found a server and when we told her our  server missed our drink she acknowledged us but in a rude "its not my table" way.  I guess she went and told our other waitress and she came back.  Just to add all of the sodas were flat too. Well after that our food came out as I said I ordered a hamburger with sweet potato fries. The fries were yummy! The hamburger not so much.... The bun was way to thick, hard and just ruined the rest of the hamburger. I honestly would rather eat a 2 something dollar In and Out hamburger. I personally would not come back.
3	When you think pub. You think rowdy croud. You think someone may get their ass kicked tonight. Or you even think a cheesy karaoke. This pub doesn't come close to any of that stuff. Although I can't speak for the late evening. The afternoon time really isn't anything special. I'll give this place major credit. For their superb array selection of beers. Both draft and bottled. The possibilities are endless. And the food is pretty tasty as well. Ordered a burger and fries. Typical bar food.  But I guess I just expected a lot more.It's a quiet environment for the most part. Several plasma tv's throughout the restaurant. And a few prejector screens. They had only soccer playing at the time. Which was weird because baseball season was in full swing. There wasn't much decoration of any sort. Very bland if you will. It be nice if they spruced up the place. Not sure if I'd return. Perhaps if I can't  find a beer I'm craving. I'll know where to find it.
2	Two stars for one reason...The good? Drinks are good...foods decent (bar food). We know this because we ate there the day before the following paragraph. The reason for two stars though? Stanley Cup (Hockey championship) was on (LA KINGS) TV. The Kings are a team which has played one of the most famous pre-season spectacles in Las Vegas year in and out. We walk in and we see the Miami Heat 2nd round playoff game is on, plus some Euro soccer game. Every TV is covering these two games (minimum of 20 TVs). We ask the manager, can you throw on the Stanley Cup game for us please (all we asked for was one TV), and he replied, "No". We explained our position, again, "no". Enough said, see ya later. Off to Diablos we went who were more then willing to accommodate us. Poor move The Pub.
1	The good news: The wings were good and the happy hour pricing for them were reasonable for Vegas fair. The bad news: 1. The burger buns totally ruined what could have been a good burger. Stale, hard and huge. More bun than burger. 2. Who serves a flight in 5oz pours? If I'm going to pay $25 for a flight, give me 10 2 once pours instead of 5 5ounce pours. I want to taste your beers!3. Our service was terrible. I was in a party of about 30 people and we waited 30 minutes for people to come around for drink orders and another 30 minutes to get said drinks... some of us had to order our drinks twice because we never got them the first time. I didn't feel we got the attention we deserved. Which makes #4 that much more awful. 4. With a party of 30 people the tip was already included in the tab. Which is probably why we got such crappy service, because the waitress knew she'd get paid no matter what. But here's the thing... she didn't tell the bill payer that the tip was included. He hadn't ordered food, just a drink, so he hadn't read any notice on the menu and did not know it was included. EVERYWHERE I HAVE EVER BEEN has told us that the tip is included with parties over whatever. Granted, he should have looked at the tab closer, but with a $900 bill, he was just trying to make it as painless as possible by handing over the credit card. By not mentioning that the tip was included, he left her an additional cash tip. The waitress was the cheeriest she had been all night when we got up to leave. But as far as I'm concerned, she stole from us and that is not okay. I would never recommend this place to anyone since they make a practice of thievery.
5	I am a big fan of this place. Here are the highlights.An incredibly extensive beer selection. A great Foursquare Special: One Dollar Sliders One Dollar Wings half Off beer on Sundays. You Can Eat Out By The Monte Carlo Pool In the shade! Great Local Specials! Oh and I guess I should mention reasonable prices and great food! If you are on the Las Vegas Strip stop in and have a beer or three, or lunch or dinner or all of the above. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	BF and I went here for brunch. We got seated pretty quickly and the waitress came by and took our order. We loved how she was very honest and gave great suggestions. The place looked pretty busy so we weren't sure how long the food was going to take. Luckily it wasn't too long. The food was what you'd expect at a cafe. So 3 stars for food but and extra star for the great service our waitress gave us.
4	Decent food, great selection of beer. There is something to please any palate.  Lots of good people watching and plenty of televisions or other events to keep you entertained while you grub.
4	Service is a little slow, but the burgers are great, and there is a huge selection of beer. Was here for a late lunch, good food with plenty of seating. The build your own burger menu gives alot of options for a reasonable price.
5	LOVED.Had a HUGE burger here last thursday.The food was pretty good, and they have probably the biggest selection of beers I have ever seen...and entire book full!Went late to watch the dueling pianos, Awesome!!!they also had karaoke that night along with the pianos...alcohol and karaoke is always a good time.Will definitely be a regular here.
4	Very good food and a great beer selection.  Only reason its not a 5 star review is the price.  My burger was $18.  That being said, I would go back and order it again.  The burger and the pulled pork sliders were excellent.  I will definitely be going back next time I'm out in Vegas.  Gonna have to save up some comp points though!
4	The best beer selection on the Strip.  Knowledgeable bartenders that have a little bit of nostalgia about the "old Pub".  I like the new one much better.  A piano bar which is perfect for those not looking for a club atmosphere.  And if you're a beer snob, you won't leave disappointed.  All the craft beers West of the Mississippi are well represented, with a few outstanding selections from the East Coast (Dogfish Head, etc.)
2	It's been a loooooong time since I've been to the Pub.  I went there a few times in like 2008 or 2009 when I was in my "explore the strip" phase.  This place did not win me over.  It's a huge space that's usually pretty empty, probably due to its awful location in the casino.  Oh, and it's in the Monte Carlo Casino, so not the most active place to call home.  I think it's changed a lot over the years, but likely not necessarily for the better.
3	I've got a few beefs with this place. They have hundreds of beers, but their beer menu is AFU. The person that wrote it obviously isn't a beer geek. Way too many errors to list.$9 for a friggin Guinness draft?! Really?! But Guinness foreign extra stout (a fairly rare beer) is $7(even though they charged me $9 anyway)Friday nights they have $2 shots of Jameson and bud lights. Sorry but if you have 3 hundred beers- budlight should never be an option.I watched an Aussie dude pay $47 for four rum cokes. He didn't leave a tip because he felt raped. I couldn't blame him. Seriously just charge a fair price for a fair product in a reasonable amount of time and this place would be packed every night. I know this simple beer recipe  has worked very successfully in the frisco area.
3	This place is just average, and the food is what you would expect with average pub fare.  I hoped for so much more as they have an extensive beer selection and I love their marketing flyers that you see all around the casino about funny mis-named beers (i.e. Pansy Ass Ale).  I went for the local Nevada flight of beers, and it was a good way to sample a few of the local beers.  The friends enjoyed the flatbread and mini-sliders.  As mentioned, they have a good selection of beers but not cheap.  I suggest going to one of the other brewery locations to get your drink on.
3	I have a love-hate relationship with The Pub at the Monte Carlo. Its extraordinary beer menu fills me with awe, and discovering a new beer often leaves me in a wonderful state of gratified bliss. But the service here leaves a lot to be desired.I've never visited The Pub for its food. It's their beer menu that pulls me in time and again.The beer menu is several pages long and offers you a choice of about 200 different beers. The selection is categorized by type, so you can quickly find an amber ale, some barleywine, a Belgian abbey-style ale, a Hefeweizen, an IPA or a lager. It always takes me a good 15 minutes to scan through its many offerings and decide what I want to drink, as their selection includes beers I have never seen anywhere else, or have only been fortunate enough to drink while traveling in Europe.Some of the more interesting selections (for me) are from the menu's Witbier section, which are typically harder to find.Witbier is Belgium's answer to a wheat beer. They are often pale and cloudy, and traditionally flavored with a concoction of herbs and spices, but its flavor profile generally incorporates coriander and orange into the mix. If you've ever had a Shock Top Belgium White, you might be familiar with these flavors, but here you can also find Joseph Spelt Ale from Belgium, a Gayant Amadeus Beer from France, and a Hitachino Nest White Ale from Japan that is oddly considered to be one of the better beers of this type.I am also drawn to the dozen fruit beers they have on the menu, including the unique Morimoto Soba Ale from Rogue Ales in Oregon that has a honey-like graham cracker taste, Samuel Adams Cherry Wheat, and Wells Banana Bread from England that tastes like the delectable cake its named after.While the beer menu can be intimidating, it is very well organized and it's relatively easy to find something you might like. Just look for a favorite and choose from the beers around it. If you're a fan of Chimay, which appears in the Trappist ales section of the menu, you will find at least nine other authentic Trappist brews ranging from $15 to $95 for a 12-ounce bottle.Unfortunately, relying on the menu as your guide is the only viable way of discovering a new beer at The Pub.On the three occasions I've visited The Pub in the past year, the waitstaff and a couple of bartenders I dealt with seemed relatively clueless and detached about the beers available. They were also very timid when asked for a recommendation.One time, I inquired as to what the Hitachino Nest Commemorative Ale in the herbed and spiced beer section was flavored with or what I might expect, and was told a "mix of spices". Another time, I asked how the Yabun Kitsune rice beer differed from other Pilsners, and if it tended to be more floral or more bitter, and received nothing more than a shrug and a "dunno" in return.Fine. I appreciate that the menu is vast, and I don't expect everyone that works there to know everything about each and every beer on the menu, but would it hurt to take a minute and ask someone who might know and be a little less dismissive? If a diner has a question about the way a restaurant dish is prepared, most waiters will pop into the kitchen and ask the chef if they don't know the answer.On another occasion, I pointed to the seasonal beers section on the menu and asked the bartender serving me which beers were currently available. He replied that he was kind of busy and did not have time to go check what was seasonal. "Chances are there aren't any available, anyway," he added. Really? The seasonal beers were out of season and you you're too busy to respond to a customer's request?When I first heard about The Pub, I was hoping for an experience of sorts. A place where a knowledgeable bartender would be able to tell you something about the beers that were available, introduce you to something unique, or make a confident recommendation based on your likes and dislikes. I did not expect them to have a cicerone (a beer sommelier) on duty, but I did hope to see staffers who were proud to be working there and who might take an interest in their grandiose selection of beer.So while I have enjoyed most of the beers I have had here -- and there have been many -- the service at The Pub has had an impact on my initial impressions.Maybe this isn't the right place for a self-proclaimed beer geek -- I certainly don't want to feel embarrassed asking questions that might come across as haughty or pretentious, but one would hope that with so many different beers available, someone working there would be equally geeky, or would want to share their contagious excitement about them. Instead, the staff I've dealt with has always seemed disinterested and maybe a bit overwhelmed, and might be more comfortable dropping a bucket of Bud Light Limes on your table.
1	Luckily for The Pub, Yelp doesn't allow zero stars.  Started out fine, we were quickly greeted at the enterance and seated.  Hostess told us our server would be over shortly.  Twenty minutes later, still no server.  While were weren't in a hurry, we were awfully hungry and so we asked a passing hostess if we should sit at the bar in order to receive more prompt service.  She told us she would figure out who our server was and send them over immediately.  Still, it was another 10 minutes before we saw our server (we were just about to get up and walk out).  To put this in perspective, we were here on a Monday night and it wasn't busy at all.   When he finally showed up, our server took our food AND drink orders  since we had been waiting so long but it was still frustrating to see several other diners (who were seated after us) receive their drinks and food far before us.   I ordered a Cobb salad and a pint beer and my wife ordered a quesadilla (just water).  Time from our order to table wasn't terrible (about 15 minutes or so) but the food was mediocre at best.  My cobb salad was missing two of the more key ingredients (avocado AND bacon) and was DRENCHED in dressing.  I didn't have the patience to send it back.  The quesadilla with "fajita beef" was overly salty.     All in all, we tried two restaurants at Monte Carlo (The Pub and their Cafe) and can definitely say we would never spend another dollar at either.  For the prices they are charging for their main dishes (comparable to Wolfgang Puck's right across the street at Crystals) you would expect a moderately enjoyable experience.  Unfortunately it was neither enjoyable or cheap.  We paid our bill and left and will never recommend the Monte Carlo for any dining arrangements to anyone. Ever.
2	Came here for the first time. Not quite a burger person but I thought I'd give it a try. So I choose to make my own burger option. I got the chicken and everything else was my choice to add on. It took a decent amount of time for my plate to come out. But as I took a bite of the burger, it had a weird taste coming from the chicken. I don't know what it was but it was gross. The egg yolk was oozing out all over the place since it was sunny side up. If only I knew they were going to cook it that raw, I would have asked cook it really well since I am gross out to food that are not fully cooked. The sweet potato fries were a bit too sweet for me. I felt like I was eating a sugar fries than sweet potato fries. I guess it was a good thing to try because I don't think I'll be back.
3	If you are looking for beer....stop by the pub!  The Pub has a ENORMOUS beer menu.  We didn't stop in for food, so I can't give any reviews about the grub.
3	An incredible craft beer oasis right on the otherwise non-craftbeer friendly strip.Many rare and hard to find bottles are also available. It is, however, very expensive...and the staff wasn't friendly at all, spending most of the time bitching about each other and the customers which was easily heard from my bar seat. I will return, however, only because of the opportunity to try some harder to find beers before heading to someplace like Aces & Ales or Freakin' Frog.
1	I am right there with the guy that said if he could good zero stars he would!  Popped in after getting a coupon for a bogo free drink.    Not sure where i got it but found it stuffed in wallet after a night on the town!  i sat down at the bar (female by myself) the bartender argued with me saying they don't have coupons.  i pulled it out and he looked at it and said "oh it is a coupon".   i got 2 screwdrivers and it was still 12.00 with the tip.  I would have hung out there a few more times on my trip but after the guy was such a douche and made me feel like i was a pita. Not a server there had a smile on their face! I moved right on out of there.    Never again! Hit Diablo's for a fun time!
3	I met some friends here last night as part of the "Monster Meet" of 2012, an internet-arranged get together of people who know each other from a Las Vegas online discussion board.I didn't order anything rather just saying hello to people I had met before and getting to meet some new people.  I've never eaten here although I have been at the pub on several occasions for this type of meet.
4	Huge beer selection.  Many TVs with the football games on.  Bartender wasnt too friendly tho, didnt make conversation or anything.
4	Stopped here for beers and appetizers on Thanksgiving to catch a little football. Plenty of tables, plenty of space. Tons of tvs! I would imagine it gets busy during the evening and on weekends.TONS of beer choices. We could come here 100 times and still have a new beer to try.  We tried the fry sampler. Two words Marshmallow dip (!!!) for sweet potato fries was awesome. Hubby loved the mesquite seasoning. I wish the fries were a little more crispy, but otherwise no complaints! I'd like to try some other things on the menu!
3	the food was good at first the staff was a little rude but also i dont get why you are going to be a place in side with in a hotel and tell me i cant bring my drink in side to your place knowing that people walk around with drinks!
5	The "little boy blue" burger which includes a made to order patty, blue cheese, spinach, mushrooms and your choice or regular fries or cinnamon sweet potato fries is delicious. I ordered mine medium well with a fried egg (extra $1.00 or so). I didn't eat the bun because I didn't want to eat so many carbs but all the toppings inside and the patty itself were so satisfying. The cinnamon sweet potato fries were a nice touch. They have a great selection of beer and drink- It is a pub after all!Sports games were on everywhere. We watched the Laker game during our meal.When the waiter took a break he came by to tell us and showed us our new waitress in case we needed something. I thought that was very nice.
1	Was here in 2010 and it was great. So sad to see it go to shit. Too forever to get served. Ordered a local beer to find it come in a bottle; it was not clear on the menu that it was a bottle and not on draft. Piano bar was pretty cool if you can make it there and have no rush or desire to be served with good customer service.
5	Absolutely lovely! Had the Shepherds Pie and it was delicious. My sister had the Filet Minion and it was cooked to perfection. Nice friendly staff, great atmosphere and the dueling pianos are fun!
3	Had a food an beverage credit to use during my stay at Monte Carlo, so my friends and I decided to have dinner here while catching a basketball game. Got their happy hour deal of $1 wings and sliders. The Buffalo wings and sliders were good. The Chili Garlic wings were so-so. In addition to that, I ordered the mac and cheese and my friend got themselves a customized burger. We also tried their Belgian beer flight, which was awesome. I figured the mac and cheese would be cheesy (pun intended), but to my dismay, it was quite bland. Not something I expected considering that the dish contained 4 different cheeses. I'll pass on that next time. My friend's burger on the other hand was delish. Great things tend to happen when you create your own pheNOMenal masterpiece. Our server Jose was attentive, which made for a good first visit. I'll have to keep this place in mind next time, because we left before their dueling piano session started. Dueling pianos are awesome.
3	If I were still a Vegas local, I'd bump this place up to a max of 4 stars for their happy hour. Otherwise, I'd go else where for craft beer and bar food. I came here with my significant other during Sunday right before Christmas. It wasn't packed and didn't seem too busy. There are many TVs anywhere you sat so it would be difficult to miss out on plays. There is an overwhelming amount of beer selection here that comes with overwhelming prices--which is usual for places on the strip.Food items were also crazy expensive and were not that tasty! All I have to say is you might be disappointed in the mac and cheese (didn't seem too cheesy and somewhat bland) and the shrimp po boy (fell apart and was overly breaded). The vegetable flat bread was decent but nothing extraordinary. This place would be worth my time to watch a game during happy hour and for convenience. While the beer selection is massive and amazing, it's really not all that when most of them are bottled. Unless you are trying to find some crazy rare find, then this would be the place you may want to check out.
4	This is a cool spot to go pre game at,or if you want to just have a chill night.they have about no joke 100 beers to choose from.this is usually my first bar hop stop when i stay at the monte carlo.they got some big screens as well if you want to check out the game.the only food i tried here is the burgers and they are very good.but check it out very chill spot
3	This place was a nice, casual hang out spot when you're tired from walking the strip and sight-seeing. They have the basic pub-fare, a bit pricier than at typical pubs but - come on - you're in Vegas so everything is a bit pricier than normal. Their spinach salad is made with great, high quality ingredients but they drown the salad in dressing so ask for it on the side. Burgers are average, wings are average, drinks are pricey. They have a good happy hour, but only Mon-Fri. Hello? Most tourists are in town on weekends only! So the happy hour is useless! This place earns the 3-star "A-OK" rating perfectly.
3	Basic bar food. Good for a quick bite. Didn't care for the salad but liked the sliders. They were only a dollar at happy hour time.
3	Ok food, our party had the flatbread, nachos, wings and a burger.The bill was large for bar food which is exactly what this was.
1	Nice decor but $8 for a pint of Stella at 2pm on a Monday?
3	Went here about a month ago after seeing Blue Man. I've wanted to try this for a long time. First the positives:The atmosphere is nice, the servers are very attentive, the karaoke with the dueling piano's are very entertaining and there's a large beer selection.My main problem was the food. I had the french dip sandwich. The bread seemed stale and the meat was not very flavorful. My husband had a burger, it was just average, a bit over cooked for medium. Price was a bit high for beer and food though I hear there's a good discount for locals on Sundays.
3	Had a quick bite to eat at the Pub at Monte Carlo during Happy Hour.They have $1 sliders M-F from 3p-6p and drink specials as well.We ordered six sliders which were perfect and very tasty.  The chicken wings were $1 each as well, but we didn't order any, which was okay, since the order of fries we had on the side was a HUGE portion.  They also have a wide selection of beers and drinks, if you are local to Vegas, you also have Happy Hour prices 24/7, I wish I lived in Vegas full time.  :)The service was good and since we were stopping in mid afternoon, it wasn't too packed yet, had lunch here on a Saturday.  They do have multiple TV's so pretty much anywhere you sit, you will be able to catch a game.I definitely plan on stopping in again on my next trip to LV.
3	Three stars for the beer selection. You can also go for tasting flights which is a wonderful option when you have so much to choose from. We only had a little actual food during the visit so I cannot provide much feedback there but the soup of the day, tomato basil, was actually very good.Where it lost stars is having a bizarre wait for a table. The place was half empty but there was actually a queue six deep wait for a runner to sit us and it was not a super quick process. Perhaps short handed on the Tuesday evening we were there? Even for the table service there was absolutely no complaint about the person we had serving the table but he seemed pulled in too many directions to be timely.Bottom line - if you are not going here to enjoy a pick from a large selection of beers I think you might find better options elsewhere.
2	Blah.... 300 beers on tap and nothing impressive!!! I guess I'm a snob but if you ask for a large selection of beers how about have something rare I mean its Vegas right??? I said give me something barrel aged or rare or a sour and they had absolutely nothing for me. I was shown a short list of rare and seasonal stuff which included a few from the Bruery which were the only beers that peaked my interest when the bartender told me these are rare bottles with limited runs I had to chuckle since I just saw them at Wholefoods every time over the last 6 months.I get why they don't have much more of a selection since all I saw being ordered there while I was there was Bud Lite and mixed drinks, but have something for us beer geeks please.
2	I'm told the beer selection is excellent. Service was decent and friendly, but our party was told it was impossible to divide the bill. Dividing a bill within a large group may not be the most convenient for a business, but I've been to lesser places that will at least segment the bill among the individual members. Unbelievable. The food was crazy bland - stay away from the mac n cheese and the carbonara. Absolutely no flavor, the pancetta in the mac n cheese is a lie. Even adding hot sauce could not rescue that dish. The folks with salads and the cheese flatbread seemed to receive favorable comments. But a comfort food item like the mac was such a huge disappointment!  :hurk: One star added for the beer selection and the friendly table server. Can't really credit them for anything else, sadly.
4	The Pub has one of my favorite "sit down" burgers in Vegas.  I think that is manily made by the tangy thousand island-like sauce which is on the burger. After my second time here one of the managers asked where I was from and told me about the locals discount program which gets you dollar wings and sliders anytime!  Now I can come here and enjoy high quality sliders and be full only after $5, a rare deal indeed on the strip!Another plus is the sides they have.  You can get your fries prepared several ways, one of my favorite is the sweet potato fries that include a marshmallow dipping sauce.  My parents enjoy this place because of all the beer which is on tap.If they aren't showing a game here than chances are they have the dueling pianos which will play all your favorite songs for a little gratutity.  Nothing like having a live juke box on site.The Pub is located not that far off from the parking garage so it makes it still accessible to locals looking for a quick bite!
5	The Pub is my father's favorite place in all the land.  He's been known to rave about the Hangover Burger, the one that comes with an egg on it.  However, on this particular occasion, he wanted just the egg, as he had an upset stomach.  As bizarre a request as it was, the bartender entertained his request and served it right up, along with his bottom shelf wine.  It was embarrassing for all parties involved, but you gotta give an A++++ to service like that.
1	Save your money.  Unless you like over cooked frozen hamburgers.And what every you do never sign up for their March Madness deal. Stated that we would have our table until 9:00pm. Server (Tim) stated that we were allowed to leave that is why we had bands on. left at 2:30 to cash in bets came back at 3:30 (March madness time long lines) and was told we lost our table. And told that we are liars and that Tim would have never said we could leave.  (of course Tim had left for the day)  Manager was a complete ass and called us liars to our face. paid $60 a person and then they tacked on a 20% tip. What a joke. Asked If we could just take the empty table next to ours and the Manager said no we lost our table because we left. We specifically asked our Server Tim if we could leave and he said no problem this table is yours until 9:00PM.Shitty servers and shitty food.
5	First off, I would love this place just because of the whales on its logo.  And, keep in mind that we did not eat here, just stopped for before-dinner drinks.  We came in around 4:30 and they were running the 2 for 1 specials, but they were either well drinks or beers that I don't like, so we passed.  Apparently we were the only ones passing, because we got extra special service after that.  (not that anyone was ignored, they were just really attentive).  I started with a chocolate stout and husband had a draft of something like Hoegarden or Stella.  The menu is nicely arranged by type of beer and realy helps you narrow the amazing amount of selections.  After that round, I saw that they had both Stella and Matilda on tap, so we got those and got one free because I had the end of the tap - totally not necessary, but very appreciated.We also ran into a couple next to us who were from the Chicagoland area and they asked us all about what we were having, but were the typical budget happy hour folk and got nasty Coors Lights and some $1 sliders.I loved the logo so much I stopped back in after dinner and got a t-shirt and a pint glass to take home, which was lovingly placed in bubble wrap for my trip!Hooray to the Pub!!  I wish they would open one in Chicago because I would be there in a flash!
4	I was so sad coming in here cuz it was my last day in Vegas....but...after sitting at the bar for awhile...I had the Asylum beer and the mini Kobe burgers....I was happy again!!! :) Fun place...would definitely go back!!
3	Stopped here last week for Happy Hour cause I saw the $1-sliders sign.========LOCATION========Located inside of the Monte Carlo... on the public indoor pathway between their shops. It's huge inside... one of the first things you notice is 300+ beers on tap along the looooong bar counter which stretches atleast 100 feet.There's a ton of TV's and tables inside... their maximum capacity has got to be like 500+. This place is huge.=========PUB GRUB=========~ BEEF SLIDERS - These were only $1.00 each during happy hour (I had 8) and were basically: Bun, Patty, Cheese, some type of condiment Paste. The patties were VERY flavorful, I was shocked. Nice Black Pepper taste embedded in. Only thing that would've made it better was lettuce-tomato-onions. All-in-all, very good value. (4/5)http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=2cUDlZgjejUpzAK7wYkbFg&userid=1pgT-Eeh-GIOlhOgHMMRZA~ CHILI CHEESE PUB BURGER - My friend ordered this. He also had 4 sliders and this came with fries so he couldn't finish it and I ended up taking a quarter of it. Big burger... the chili-cheese slathered all over it didn't add much flavor. All-in-all I preferred my sliders over this. Also for $14... I have to give this a... (2/5)==============FINAL THOUGHTS==============So obviously I loved the $1 sliders. If you're balling on a budget and it's between 3 - 6pm, definitely swing by cause those bad boys will satiate you for $5-$10. The regular food was pretty damn expensive so if you're looking to spend a decent amount of $$$ for food I'd pass. Definitely a good spot to watch a game and grab a beer cause their beer menu was expansive. One of the largest I've ever seen. But yeah... come for the $1 sliders... not much else cause they're pricey. Even my 10oz. Hofbrau Hefeweizen was $8.00 :-/
5	This place loves LOCALS!  (And tourists will enjoy it too!)  Go on Sundays and take advantage of some incredible deals - my wife and I were shocked how much we saved!The service is incredible!  Will absolutely return!
3	Great selection of beer and a nice atmosphere! We came here for the dueling pianos on Saturday night. Food was OK. We love the dueling pianos, but disliked the karaoke mixed in...Overall, a fun evening!
4	I have never eaten here. I cannot remember ever drinking here (but I might have). For the longest time, I did not even know what it was called (for some reason, I thought it was named Brand). Anyway, before you flag my review for being improperly published, imagining I have never been an actual patron of whatever this place is called, hear me out. I have been here several times. I am pretty sure this is one of ONLY two venues -- Hard Rock Cafe exactly across the street is the other -- to have afforded Las Vegas' own Imagine Dragons the opportunity to headline on the strip before they became as popular that they are now, where they find themselves headlining The Joint. And selling it out. Bartenders were always nice when I had dumb ass questions about a band they had never heard of.E: Is this where Imagine Dragons is playing tonight? Bartender: Uh, I am not sure. I thought it was Zowie Bowie. Normally it is Zowie Bowie, bud. E: Oh. If there is a show going on tonight, it will be Imagine Dragons. It's probably Imagine Dragons tonight if anyone asks. They are popular locally.Bartender: Ah, I see. Weird name. E: Yeah. Almost as strange as Zowie. Bowie. I never did get to hear ZB perform live here, but ID rocked this motherfucking space, that's for sure. One performance was so long that it had to include an intermission and a plethora of covers since their catalog was so short. Free. - E
3	Stopped @the.Pub for date night. My wife works for the Monte Carlo so we have been there lots of times. I do miss the brewery being gone but this has nothing to do with that so back on topic. The 8 Pound Hamburger Challenge is the story. We didn't go even knowing it was on the menu but after a few minutes of indecision on ordering food we laughingly said for 30 bucks the picture would be worth it. So the menu says 8 pounds, fries and a 32 ounce beer served in a boot mug. I figured we would split it not planning on ever trying to finish it in the time limit. When the waiter went to put the order in he came back and said that we couldn't split it for 30 dollars and it would be 50 if we wanted to. The goal was to get it free or pay if not eaten in the time limit. Not sure why it would be more but he pointed to the menu. Seems we didn't read the bottom part. That said if not up to the challenge share with 2 or 3, 50 bucks. We still said dinner for two 50 bucks what the heck. Then comes the boom... the waiter now tells us no beer in a boot for us. I say read the words and I say no boot no burger give us menus back and he says "R U Sure?". I Sez "I R!!". He then said we can get a beer for 3.50 or some thing like that. I said read!! sooooo new order. Then manger man comes in with the same story on how it doesn't come with a beer if sharedddddddddoh. Refer to ""Read"" so now he caves as  if he was doing us some favor when the reality was the bar was dead and nobody orders that burger that was just about ready and he knew where it was going. I don't type curse words, I do say them sometimes but I think it's an effort to type a curse word. Typing doesn't just slip out. That being said, We got our burger and beer in a boot. C'mon 50 bucks for a burger and he is sweating the beer money. You should get what you pay for in a service industry or never return. Food review part now...... The 8 pound burger maybe weighted that much but there was maybe 5 pounds of meat at best. It had cheese, tomatoes, onion that was grilled, jalapenos and lettuce with some kind of sauce. It was a bit salty and peppery at the same time. It came with a large pickle stuck with a toothpick on top. On the side we got sweet potato fries that had sugar and cinnamon on them. They came with marshmallow dipping sauce that was like pudding consistency. We cut the burger like cake and finished half between both of us and barely notched the fries. It was all good with no regrets but it wasn't worth 50 bucks. Me and my pets enjoyed the rest over the next day and are you wondering if I will ever order it again??? I will do the challenge alone and just enjoy the huge ridiculous 30 dollar dinner and leftovers while my wife drinks the free 32 ounce beer that i never even wanted since i don't drink beer !!!    The pictures I posted tell part of the story.
2	Disappointing.    The menu looked really good at first glance and the food prices were reasonable.  The server was very chatty and promised to have our food out quickly as we were leaving for the airport in about 90 minutes.  We all ordered and immediately the problems started.  My "no cheese" Cobb salad had big clumps of goat cheese in it (I thought it was chopped egg, took a big bite and nearly vomited LOL), my friend's Caesar salad had chicken even though she didn't want chicken and my other friend couldn't eat his steak as it just tasted strange.  The waiter never apologized for any of the issues and it took forever to get our bill - several errors were made on the bill which took some time to decipher and were ended up being late leaving for the airport.Having said that The Pub has a sweet patio with a great view of the pool and it's supposed to be awesome during Happy Hour so I would likely try it again, you never know!
3	The food was ok. The pub burger is tasty with the Kobe beef. The customer service sucks though. Waited over half an hour for waiter, then over an hour for drinks. Didn't seemed concerned with empty cups and long waits.
2	Sigh...wish i could give this place a good review.  The food was good.  Not great, but it was pretty good.  But it's happy hour and the service just sucks.  We waited 15 minutes in a mostly empty place for menus.  And then had to ask again for the water and chips we asked for when we sat down.  Another 15 minutes in a still empty place for someone to take or order.  And another 30 for burgers and fries.  There seemed to be plenty of staff on hand, most of whom were chatting with the hostess. And none of whom, except for the runner, ever bothered to see what was going on.  Hmmmm... Not sure I will  eat there again unless I've had a few cocktails, and am just looking for a place to sit and chat and mayyyybe eat a little something.
2	We had family in town so met them there for drinks. It had been several years since I last went there so figured we would check it out. It was around 11:30 when we went and they seemed to have a mix of dueling pianos and karaoke going on. That seemed okay but all the tables were made up for dining and it just seemed like it didn't know if it wanted to be a pub or restaurant. We left after one drink because with the odd seating and how ridiculously loud it was there wash couldn't talk much. We won't be going back.
4	Excellent pub for locals. You can acquire a locals access card that gets you discounted drinks and food. Fun atmosphere and huge beer men u. The burgers were awesome....especially the build your own option.
4	After seeing that this was only a 3 star place I was expecting to be a little underwhelmed by this place and ended up being pleasantly surprised instead.  My friends and I were essentially walking through the Casinos watching the Chicago Blackhawks vs. L.A. Kings NHL game and decided to drop in here to watch part of it. It was a Saturday evening and the place wasn't very busy so finding seating was pretty easy.This place is pretty big. It has a long bar, lots of seating, several tables and several televisions.  The decor is kind of cool as well, tons of beer company logos lining the wall of the bar.  Not a bad setup.The beer menu is massive. Huge selection of beers on tap and bottled, pricing is fair with the exception of a few that are a bit overpriced. That's Vegas though, they gotta pay the bills for renting the space somehow I suppose.  Their bar food, at least from what I have tried is pretty good too.  Our group tried some sliders for the Happy Hour price of $1 and their chili nachos.  The nachos were just a mountain of chips, chili, cheese, guacamole and deliciousness.  The sliders were...sliders. They were pretty but don't expect to be getting juicy Kobe beef patties.  Either way, they satisfied.The bartender was pretty nice, actually pretty mellow but he got us squared away so I can't complain.  The food took a few minutes but nothing agonizing. I was watching some old guy manning the pizza oven cooking and slinging out the flatbread pizzas left and right and it made me want one.Like I said, I was pleasantly surprised with this place.  I can't vouch for when it is busy but I guess I arrived during ideal conditions and it worked out pretty well.  It doesn't take too much to keep me happy and this place did.
2	Slow assed service and expensive as F**K food. I came during happy hour and got the $1.00 sliders. I ordered 3. and I ordered a side of fries. The side of fries were $7!!!!!!!!! Seriously for gross fries?!??!?! I will not be returning here again.
3	I used to love this place back in the day. My girl friends and I would go to the "Nightclub" every weekend. So much fun. Fast forward 10+ years and Sadly that vibe is no more. Starting with host. There were a lot of open tables, yet they made us wait. I understand that why they do it, but I don't like it when they don't properly explain. Regardless after a short wait they took us to our table. We didn't realize that it was a piano karaoke bar now. If we had realized we probably would have chose another venue, but what can you do? The dueling piano bar singers were average at best. The host is super cheesy, but surprisingly the karaoke singers were quite good. Food. My friend's split nachos and said they were delicious. Mac and cheese was also pretty good. They have a pretty good happy hour. It says it's M-F from 3p-6p, but apparently if you are local and sign up for some kind of reward card you get hh anytime. I ordered the sliders and wings off the hh menu to see what the deal was... Its $1per slider or wing, but must have a minimum of 3 per order. Sliders were only ok. I prob wouldn't order them again, although it would only be fair to mention that I did not get cheese on them. Cheese definetly would have helped. The wings were pretty good. The heat was about medium.I don't know if I'll be rushing back here, but if you're in the area. HH seems like a pretty good deal.
4	We came for lunch on a Monday.  We met up with some friends who were staying at the hotel.  We were seated and immediately told that they server was really busy and that he would be with us as soon as he can.  After looking around it looked like they had a large group sitting upstairs.  When Tim did arrive at the table he took his time and answered any questions that we had.  We placed our drink orders, I had a root beer that was on draft.  The root beer was served in a beer type glass with no ice.  It was some of the best root beer that I've ever tasted.  I ordered a Lil Boy Blue burger.  The burger was perfectly cooked to medium.  The toppings were fresh with two types of onions, caramelized and raw.  It also had a lettuce, tomato, and of course Blue Cheese.   You have different options for the buns, I choose a whole wheat one.  It was fresh and tasted great! The fries were delicious and hot, just the right amount of salt!Although I won't be rushing back here, It will be in the back of my mind for when I'm in the mood for some great root beer and a burger.
4	I went to The Pub on a Saturday night to celebrate a friend's birthday. We went at 9:00 for the dueling pianos and the place was alive and spirited. Everyone seemed to be having a good time. The pianist even sang my friend a naughty birthday song, which we all got a kick out of. The Pub offers a good selection of beers, and the prices are pretty reasonable for a bar on the strip. They also have good locals deals, which I always appreciate. We didn't order entrees, so I can't comment on the meal quality, but we did order chips and salsa for the table. Frankly, we were unimpressed with what we got: bland, slightly stale chips and equally bland salsa. The place was fun, so I'd definitely go back. I just wouldn't do the chips and salsa again.
4	My friend and I ate, had a beer, and watched a game of the Stanley Cup finals while in Vacation here (Blackhawks won the game).  They have a whole menu just for their beer so what's not to like (various Dutch/Trappist ales, some West Coast craft beers, and some other various ones).  The food was alright (my chicken Caesar and my friends burger were both good), my beer was good (Stone's Smoked Porter) though my friend's Pale Ale was a bit weak according to him.  The negative?  The table service is as bad as a lot of other commenters say as we actively had to try to get our waiter's attention for anything.I'm going 4 stars as I would go back but I'd sit at the bar as that would have to be better.
4	Great burger awesome selections of beers.  I suggest the BYOB it is awesome especially with rings.
3	This place is masssssive.  Great for a big group if you want to check out a game.  They have frequent happy hours and even extend it for locals.  I think last time we were there it included half off beers, $1 sliders and $1 wings.
4	Good food but service is lacking. Servers and bartenders arguing over seating in front of customers.
4	Great Place with a very friendly staff. Great Food!! Great selection of Beers
4	There was a sweet check-in here on Foursquare (get on it, Yelp!) that offered up happy hour pricing anytime of the day. Since we were looking to stop in on a Sunday, when they have no happy hour, this seemed like the best time to use it. Drinks were 2-for-1, with wings and sliders both going for a buck. Not too shabby. We each ordered a drink not really thinking it would be 2-for-1 on whatever we each got, meaning it wasn't buy-one-get-one. No biggie, it isn't like we came here to take it easy. The wings here are really good. I'm particular about my wings - I like a crispy exterior with only a light-to-medium dousing of sauce. I detest slimy wings that are all mushy and texture-less. These rocked. I'd suggest sticking with the classic buffalo flavor. The garlic variety were way too powerful, which normally wouldn't bother me but it was a faux garlic taste. If you're doing happy hour pricing, maybe get a couple to check them out but I wouldn't do a whole order unless you know you like them. The sliders are simple - meat, cheese, bun. They were a bit dry, but a nice dollop of mustard can clear that right up. We also got an order of the mesquite fries. We would've gotten sweet potato, but they come with cinnamon and sugar on them, which sounds more like a dessert than anything else. And I don't do dessert fries, sounds like something fat people order to combine two of their favorite things. Mesquite fries tasted like BBQ chips but in the body of a fry. Not quite sure I liked them all that much. Service was exceptional. Our waitress, Nora, was attentive and offered up some good suggestions on their menu. I'd return to see how their entrees stack up.
2	This place reminds me of an over priced Denny's.  I would actually rather go to Denny's.  The service is slow and the food is mediocre at best.  Everything tastes as if it were frozen or prepared off site and shipped in.  Not very good.
3	I was rather disappointed in this place.Now the beer selection is great but other aspects, not so great.The server I had was less then personable and asked me to check out when he went on break (On break? WTH???) The mini kobe burgers I got were so dry I could barely choke down on with bread, and one more without even after requesting (and taking 10 mins to get) extra sauce.The mesquite fries that came with it was the best part but I smelled like mesquite all afternoon...definitely heavy on the flavoring powder.I'd go back for beers but I'd eat first
3	This is a fun spot to watch games and chill out on a hot summer day.  The food is Average at best, but for some reason I keep coming back.They've got outside tables with umbrellas, right next to the pool.  It's almost as good as having a cabana pool side, without the extra cost.On our recent visit, we had two different types of wings and a couple of sampler platters.  The mashed potato balls were actually pretty good.  The wings were too.  I wouldn't recommend the artichoke dip, because as soon as it hit the table it got cold.
5	I can't believe this place only has 3 stars!  They have the best Wings I have EVER had... I'm not much of a beer drinker, but their selection is incredible...and I feel completely in LOVE with the "Golden Pear".  The staff is always great, I love to sit at the bar!  The location is also great, very close to the monorail between Monte Carlo and Aria stop!!  This is absolutely one of my Vegas Favorites!
2	Good happy hour place.  Two for one drinks!
1	This place was just HORRIBLE! The server Jose was the biggest jerk I think I have EVER encountered in my life at a restaraunt establishment! The happy hour was a joke.  With all of the beers they have on tap the only ones that counted for the "two for  one deal" were bud, bud light and miller......Seriously?!?!/ They advertised deals on wings and sliders.....really?!?!? "1.00 dollar equals 1 wing", per the "delightful" Jose.  We ordered 4 sliders and ate 2 (they were disgusting) yet were charged for all four even though we said they were inedible!  We paid 30.00 for two pints and 4 sliders!!!!  NEVER AGAIN and please do  yourself a favor, and go somewhere worthy of your business AND money.
2	My boyfriend and I always enjoy coming here when we visit Las Vegas.  They have quite a selection of craft breer and the service has always been very good.  However, we were here today, and someone had reserved the entire 1st floor for a special event.  Because of this, they opened the 2nd floor to the rest of the customers (we didn't even know until today that there was a 2nd floor). We go up in the elevator and find seats at the empty bar.  First thing my boyfriend asks for is a beer list.  They couldn't find one because the beer is usually sold and served on the 1st floor (???).  They finally found a menu, and he orders a Maredsous 10 (bartender didn't know what that was).  He said all of the beers are downstairs, so he went there to get it.  Surprise, surprise....they didn't have that beer.  So he orders another one, and guess again....he has to go downstairs.  It took about 15 minutes for my boyfriend to get his hands on a beer.   Side note:  no one has arrived yet for the event taking place downstairs..  So imagine how long it will take when it gets busy downstairs. I don't want to stay here and find out.So people....if there is a special event going on downstairs, turn back around and find another place to have drinks because they are not prepared to take care of the "other" customers.   If not, try it out.  We usually have such a great time; hence the disappointment.
4	Get the Local Access card if you are a Vegas local!  Why you ask?  So you can get Happy Hour discount all the time!!!No more complaints about having your work schedule changed, so you get out of work just when their HH ends.$1 sliders and wings for the win.  Buy one get one free selected domestic, draft & well.During football season they also have a buffet for patrons!Love it!
3	It pays to be a local here. Just show your driver's license and get a card to get happy hour prices all the time. $1 sliders and wings for food. Also half off certain domestic beers. The specials are okay, but the prices on the regular menu is not that expensive either. You could go either route and still be okay. The food overall is decent when you need something, but nothing mind blowing.
4	Delicious Burgers!!!!I would totally recommend the Hangover Burger with bacon on a potato bun. It's like a gourmet breakfast burger with the bacon and fried egg... Yumm!!!!And beer selections are amazing! Tons of beers on tap so you can get just about anything you feel like :)
4	We stayed in vegas for a while at stopped at this pub during their happy hour. They server was really nice, and the happy hour was ok. The sliders were a dollar and the wings were a dollar (isn't that a bit expensive for wings? I'm used to it being like 8 bucks for 12 non happy hour). The beer which they have as their happy hour was bud, miller, coolrs etc, none of their good craft beers were on happy hour. I got a flight, which was all IPA"s , the server was really nice and pretty decently knowledgable. He had helpful things to say, and I was generally happy with the service that we got. In total I would totally recommend people check this place out if they were on the strip, the craft beer list was good, the food was decent, the prices were vegas-reasonable.
3	There are so many places to eat in Las Vegas within walking distance, that its a nightmare if you're looking for a standout business. How do all of these expensive eateries stay in business? Not sure, but I digress. This restaurant is fair enough pub food. Burgers, sandwiches, salads, and a million kinds of beer. While the concept was interesting, I got information overload. I can't pick one beer to drink when there are 32,872 choices...I just lock up. I finally settled on something that looked good, and ordered a burger to go w it. The food was good, the beer was good, the service was good. Was there anything that would make me go back? Not likely. Its not that anything was bad, but as I said above, there has to be 100 other options close by, so why repeat a 3-star experience when there could be 4-star around the corner.
4	As I was making my daily rounds on the strip I stumbled onto this hidden gem in the back corridor of the Monte Carlo. I stopped in today to try the $1 sliders or wings for Happy Hour, needless to say ON POINT!!! My bill was less than $10 & my belly was satisfied. If ur looking for some delicious small bites & finger food stop through here. I'm definitely coming back to try the regular sized plates as well
1	Sports fans beware.. They are I'll equipped to handle all NFL games. The one game I came to Vegas to watch and they don't have it on.Officially ruined my Vegas trip! The least ... BARE MINIMUM.. thing you could do is let your patrons know what game you are not showing. So we don't get up early and wait in Vegas lines only to be disappointed.
3	Food was good, but took a very long time to get our order (45 minutes). Entertainment was lacking, but it was still early in the night. FYI - they can only accept up to 8 credit cards per table, so keep this in mind if you have a large party.
3	I came here for dinner with some friends (about 8 total) and it was 10pm on a Friday night, early for Vegas standards. Not many other people seemed to be there for dinner at this time, only drinks and even so, it was not that busy.  Our waitress seemed to disappear for 20 min at a time.  It took forever to place our orders and then forever for the food to come out.  It was midnight by the time we left.  I'm not sure what the problem was, seeing that it wasn't very busy.  The food was good but a little pricey.  There were people singing and playing on dueling pianos.  They played good songs, but their singing abilities were lacking...
3	Locals get Happy Hour 24-hours a day!  $1 sliders, $1 wings, and 1/2 off Miller & Coors beer I think.  The best deal out of all of those are the $1 sliders, but they're just your basic mini burgers.The Pub has an extensive beer menu, both a mix of draft and bottle selections.  They also carry unique seasonal bottles (all over $15 per bottle from what I remember).  I need to come back here on a Sunday, since they advertise 1/2 off all beers; not sure if that's just for locals or for everybody.  If you area a Las Vegas local, in the Monte Carlo, looking for cheap nourishment, this may be your best bet.
4	Great selection of beers, service was good as well as food. Pub mini burgers were absolutely fantastic. On the expensive side, however, it's the strip!
4	You can never go wrong with a good sports bar especially if you are a degenerate gambler in Las Vegas during football season.I visited this place twice, first on Thursday night to watch football and catch the dueling pianos. The crowd was older and the waitress kept screwing up our drinks. The bartender felt bad and upgraded us to top shelf - so that was nice.Went back two days later and had buy one get one draft beers and $1 sliders while watching college football. We ordered nachos and ended up eating way too much food. The nachos are some of the best I have eaten but I still contend, they are not as good as the ones at Margaritaville.The Pub is a great place to watch the game. You can even sit outside near the pool and eat. They also offer closed circuit TV for big boxing matches, but it gets kind of packed and pricey.
5	Let me start by mentioning the outstanding service.I ordered without looking at the menu and the server visibly worked out my request in his head, then said, "I am sure we can do that. Let me see what we have."Right answer!!The beer selection is exciting and you can put together themed flights of your choice.Take advantage of the happy hour and outdoor seating.
3	Pretty nice pub atmosphere. Went in for happy hour. Dollar wings and dollar sliders. And 2 for 1 domestic drafts. Nice service and above decent food.
1	The first time I came to the Pub I was impressed with all the beers they offer. After several return trips it's really disappointing the the service is so slow there. I'm here right now and had to wait at least 20 minutes until the server even came to the table. Then he said sorry for the wait and would be right back which ended up being another 5-10 before he even helped us. Now if I didn't have a reward that needed to be used I would have walked out.
1	No one at this bar knows what the other is doing. We had to be moved 2 times to be able to see the game we wanted. Supposedly the tv's are pre set and can not be changed. We saw the very same girl go change a channel for some one else later. A few of the staff are really nice but the rude ones overshadow them. This was our second time back but we won't be back. The food was mediocre at best. For the money you can get better food an service elsewhere.
4	The service was great and the food came out faster than Michael Phelps could finish a lap. Our server gave an excellent recommendation for a local craft beer as I was having some difficulty making a decision from their extensive list. I would definitely go back to try some more of their delicious food and beer. The only reason it didn't get five stars is because our server quit responding to us as quickly as he had at first. The restaurant wasn't any busier, so I'm not sure what happened, but overall a great experience.
1	Eek.  OK, most of Vegas is "eek" in any case.  The Mone Carlo is a nice enough hotel for a conference.  It's affordable without being cheap.  But this bar/tavern is overpriced with bad food.  OK, need a bar in the hotel?  Fine.  Want something good to eat?  Not. Picture airport bar food.  There is much better food available in Vegas.  Although maybe not at the Monte Carlo.
3	Pros:We had a nice, low key dinner here after a busy day.  The Mac n' Cheese really hit the spot for me, and the bartender seemed knowledgable about the beer menu.  I find a lot of servers just say "everything is good",  which isn't very helpful.  She was able to articulate details about the flavors of the beers which helped me make a choice I enjoyed! The prices also seemed more reasonable than some of the other dinner options we looked at.  It's bar food!  I love grease as much as the next tourist, but it shouldn't break your wallet.Some potential cons, depending on your tastes:If you're not into sports, this may not be your place.  The inside is filled with big tvs playing whatever game is on.  We hate sports, and were so glad we chose to sit at the bar (just to be served quickly) where we weren't immersed in game noise and screaming bros.Shortly after we arrived, they started doing their piano bar karaoke night.  Again, NOT our thing!  So glad we were at the bar and well away from the host, who was desperately trying to get some audience participation out of the people inside who probably just wanted to watch tv. You may want to ask what the event for the night is before you find yourself seated in the middle of this.Definite Con:The young hostess was an asshole.  I stood a foot in front of her, plain as day, and asked nicely to be put on the waiting list for a table. It was as if I were a ghost.  She just looked right through me, past me, around me, and then kept straightening up the menus at the hostess stand.  It felt like I was being told I wasn't cool enough for her to bother with or something. After stating several times that I would like to get on the waiting list, she finally responded with "There's a wait.  Do you want to be on the list?"  HELLO??? Clearly, 8th grade graduation is not mandatory for hires.  After a few more communication blunders, we just had her seat us at the bar (which ended up being a good choice). Very glad the rest of the staff seemed more with it than this kid.
4	The Pub had an incredible selections of beers. In fact on football Sundays, they had a great special of unlimited food (wings, nachos, pizza, and breakfast foods) and drinks (Bloody Mary's and a couple domestic beers) for only $40 per person. They also had a happy hour from 3pm to 6pm on Monday to Fridays. The $1 sliders were great.
4	He number of beers in one place is crazy sick.  You can get just about anything at this place.  The number of beers on tap are just waiting to be tried and guzzled.  For a beer lover this is the place to go on this side of the strip.  I make it a point to get there at least 2 - 3 times each visit.  Ate there one time and the food is also good.  The server will tell you what to pair with your food.  Great place.
1	Customer service what is that?  Seeing that the place wasn't to crowded you expect to be seating fairly quickly. After waiting a few minutes the hostess finally greeted us. They were a bit too into singing with the pianos and dancing. Only to be told we had to wait 15mins.... Ok sure. After being seated we saw other people just walk in and pick a table themselves. They even got a server and order before us... We had to ask 3 different person to order only to keep getting a reply that they will find out server. All I wanted was a beer not to waste almost an hour
1	Hands down a very unfortunate let down. I was pretty excited to see that the hotel we were staying at, the Monte Carlo, had their very own pub to hang out in. I was even more excited when we were able to claim our free myVegas rewards for a BOGO beer flight. Everything was going great until we walked up to the counter on a early Friday night and the hostesses slurred their way through letting us know that we would have to wait about 15 minutes before we could be sat down. Wait... we gotta wait when this place is pretty empty?? That makes NO sense but whatever, we waited and they continued being pretty unprofessional while standing up their in their little desk area. The place was pretty loud but that's expected out of a pub so I was pretty excited again when I walked in. Unfortunately our waiter took forever and a day to come by our table to even just bring us the menu and he did so with such an unpleasant tone, constipated face that made me want to just want to get up and leave. Took our orders in and again took a long time for us to just get our beer flights. While waiting I noticed a few tables next to us getting filled up with customers that just walked in rather than wait to be seated. Not only did they just walk in, they also were helped faster than we were. Made me feel very unappreciated and unwelcomed. But how can that be??? This is suppose to be a fun, outgoing pub?? Insert huge sad face here. We get our flights and I am then informed that they are out of one of the beers I wanted and he gave me a different one that he chose. Well that sucked, that only made this place even worst. Needless to say, we pretty much just chugged our beers and tried to flag down the waiter again as fast as we could to get the hell out of there. It is Las Vegas after all!! There is way better places to explore and hang out in that this Pub. They also close pretty early. Long waits, poor customer service, unwelcoming, crappy place... I will not recommend this to anyone, avoid it. It is so not worth it.
2	Everything here is just average.  The service sucked and the place was only half full.  The food is just average as well.  Good beer selection though.
4	It was time  to eat and we were in the monte carlo so this was the  obvious  choice  dont know what  was going on with  their  hostess thingy but we stood  by the *wait to be seated sign* at least 10 mins before she came over and in the meantime she seated two couples  who just walked in after us she quite clearly didnt enjoy her job cus not once did her lips move to form a smile or even a greeting   was expelled from  her mouth .once seated quite near the dueling piano bar it was karaoke night we again waited for a server to approach  the table  she at least was hospitable and not afraid to smile .the menu  was choke a block  full of beers from all over the world but  I ordered my usual screwdriver and my wife a chardonnay    the food menu  had many selections again from many nations and i choice  *fish and chips  * from  my homeland my wife selected a salad .. the server asked if we had some sort of club  membership or if we were staying at the hotel  that way we could  have got happy hour prices with our meal,and other privileges , I answered in the negative  .. that  explained why folks got seated before us.  after 15 mins our food came i must say it was worth the wait I could.nt  eat all the fries and the  fish was batttered just right .. the entertainment  was fun  some of the quests that went up to sing   had pretty good voices others just thought they had...... ah well... all part of the  show, the  dueling  piano,s, filed in between songs with thier  own fare  A good evening of dining and entertainment   reasonable priced  food /drinks  ( for las vegas )  4 stars
5	Great place for some exotic brews. Beer, beer and beer. Happy hour has $1 sliders and wings.  Belgium/Trappist beer is my all time favorite and they never disappoint. Ask for the flight menu and reserve list. Fun to share a couple of bottles with the best of friends or new ones.Thanks for the great time Dawryn. You're a great bartender.
3	Sorry to the server at the bar that helped me. I got so drunk I left my card and walked away without writing in a tip. He was all class And he just charged me the bill and then turned the card into security. Thank you-and he was a new employee!
3	Not bad.  We didn't want to walk around and were very hungry.  Went to the Pub, ordered a burger and got full.  Food is okay, drinks are great!
3	I spent two straight evenings here while visiting Las Vegas recently. My friend and I were directed here because of the fun dueling piano karaoke and great beer list.The beer list was awesome and the food I ordered was all great. The service was also timely and attentive. Even on Friday and Saturday nights the place never got too busy so we could actually hear each other talk.Singing karaoke along with the pianos was a blast. Each night there were different piano players and different hosts. Karaoke runs from 9-12. Sometimes the piano players would just sing themselves, and every few songs they'd call someone from the crowd up to sing. The song books were quite short but there were enough songs to pick from. My only issue with this place was the host the second night. He would NOT let me and my friend sing! We were first on the list but for three hours he kept skipping over us. I even went up and gave him $10 tip to no avail. The thing that really irritated me was there was no queue of singers. He kept announcing "we need more singers, come on up!" And those people get getting in first.  Finally at midnight right before closing time he told us he could get either me or my friend in to sing, but not both. So whoever was hosting karaoke on Saturday January 11th cost this place 2 stars on my review!
3	Good beer selection. Decent beer prices. Piano bar on weekends. Don't expect your song to be played though . paid extra for a song and it was never played.
4	This place is a little odd to find the first time since it's not in the Monte Carlo itself but is in the mall between Aria and Monte Carlo. They have an impressive selection of beer on tap and the waiter knew his stuff and was able to offer suggestions. I tried the local Sin City flight and enjoyed it. I also tried the soft pretzel and no premade frozen stuff here, this was hot, fresh, and tasty. There are lots of TVs around so if any decent sports are on you'll be able to see them.Good place with very friendly service, I'll be back here.
5	The wrath of "Conn"( the waiters name), means very knowledgeable waiter with beers, good burgers and the French dip...Ask for him
4	The only reason we ate here was because we had a $75 voucher because we were staying at the Monte Carlo. I got the $21 Kobe Burger. Yeah, that's a lot for a burger, but wow! It. Was. Amazing. With some sweet potato fries .. YUM! It was so good i would ever consider going back and getting it again (when it's not free).There is a shit ton of TV's with sport on too, a perfect pit stop. However i gotta say, at night, it turns into a 'dueling piano bar' at night. Something that is NOT my cup of tea. Check it out during happy hour.
4	My rating is based solely on the beer menu. Didn't order a bite to eat. Fantastic beer selection, and my bartender was great. If you're just looking for a Bud, though (and there's nothing wrong with that), you might want to try someplace else.
3	The Pub is an upscale sports bar. There are lots of televisions playing various events. The menu is typical sports bar food, and is in the $$ range. It's not my favorite place to eat in Vegas, but it's not my least favorite either. If you go during happy hour, the prices aren't so bad. The menu has a lot of appetizers to choose from. The place is always packed. The staff is very friendly.
1	What an awful experience. First off they didn't have a high chair for the couple we were withs baby. I didn't see any other babies in the place using them all up. They had a private event at 8 and we knew to hurry and order. Plus we had to go to a show at 7. Their house margarita had pineapple and orange juice in it?! You have to be kidding me. They did replace it but i still couldnt taste the tequila. I know they are a brew pub but if you have a cocktail list as least know how to make a cocktail. The waitress was not really friendly and seemed rushed. Other staff was helpful. Food came out and was wrong. I asked for no onions and I got onions. They offered to take back but I was in a hurry. Quesadilla was salty and very greasy. Huge disappointment. With all the choices this one is a passerby.
3	I only give this place 3 stars because of the awful service I first received. We went in and say at the far bar. We sat there for 10 minutes being completely ignored by "Oz" while he served everyone around us. He never once acknowledged us but immediately walked up to the two guys who sat down next to us before they were even fully seated. Being in the industry, I am a god tipper and have to say that this "Oz" character missed out on a good tip. If I were the manager of this pub I would be embarrassed to have him as an employee. We finally moved to another section and had good service and some good drinks.
1	I've stayed at both Aria and Monte Carlo and have walked the connecting hall many times expressing my desire to try The Pub out. So when I saw a buy one, get one beer flight through MyVegas I immediately "bought" it and looked forward to visiting on our next trip. With my wife and me both a little hungry and a lot thirsty it was time. Signage advertised $1 sliders, perfect we thought and headed in. But it was all downhill from there.Our waitress approached and was fake and uninterested from the time she made contact. We ordered our beer flights picking out some of their more popular options and six $1 sliders (was told offer was no longer valid but was honored). After a while the flights and sliders arrived. Sliders were awful with burger cold and buns hard and more disappointingly several of the beers were lifeless (lines were being worked on). I can't express enough how bad this waitress was. I could have dealt with the flat beer and cold sliders but this waitress' demeanor was horrid, by far making a bad experience much worse.   To be honest I tweeted about my experience and the Monte Carlo immediately responded requesting more information which I provided. 2 days later the manager on duty during our visit responded directly to me apologizing for our service, food and drink experience. She extended an offer to replace the flights and a free appetizer during our next visit. I will take her up on that offer and update my post. By ScottyVegas.com
5	Omg great food! I got the beer sampler-$12 for 4 beers. The beer cheddar soup was amazing along with the pretzel appetizers and the nachos. My boyfriend loved the huge Tvs.
4	Great selection of draft beers.  Mediocre food and annoyingly loud at times, but great beer.
1	This place sucks! Slow service, no beer knowledge, food taste like its leftover from a recent wedding
2	It only gets 2 stars bc the beer is very good. Other than that, everything else completely sucks!!! Service is slow.... We started off with the ice cold "fresh" pretzels..yuck..my husband got the fish and chips. The fish was very watery( as if it was frozen fish). I got the prime rib dip... Bland as can be! The au jus was basically brown water... And I paid a $1 up charge for onions rings... I got 4 of them... Rip off! The prices are wayyy too high for the crap food you receive! Beware people!
1	Absolutely horrible!
2	Visited on vacation and wasn't really impressed. Although there is a large beer selection, the service lacked and the food was less than special. We had 2 beers and an appetizer platter on our tab and it was $38. For how many choices there are in Vegas, look elsewhere.
4	Good burgers and I love the marshmallow dipping sauce that comes with their sweet potato fries...huge selection of beers and a great place to catch a game!
2	We had just about an hour to kill before a show, so we chose the bar at The Pub for a quick bite and drinks.It was around 5:30PM on a Saturday when we arrived and although it was a busy weekend for Las Vegas (college basketball tournaments, St. Patrick's Day), they weren't busy and we were able to grab two seats at the bar right away.The bartender was nice and relatively attentive (we didn't need much attention). We glanced at their food and beer menus and ordered within a few minutes. The draft prices were decent for the strip and we were pleased with our selections. I chose the Mayan Steak Salad ($15) to munch on something light. I ordered the steak medium rare and the salad came with baby spinach (not listed), red onion, jicama, cherry tomato, canned Mandarin orange (listed as just orange), roasted corn, avocado, and cumin vinaigrette. The steak was cooked appropriately, but lacked any kind of flavor. The salad was sad and not worth $15. They tried though and the description seemed promising. I'm sure they do "bar food" well (or at least I'd hope), but if you're going to sell a salad for $15, it better be good.We visited The Pub when it first opened in Fall 2009 (after revamping itself from "Brewpub" with a seven-month hiatus) and both enjoyed our experience. However, we hadn't been back because we rarely find ourselves in Monte Carlo. I'm not sure if things have changed since then, but I didn't order anything fried and/or greasy this time to make a fair comparison. Either way, the prices are steep and based on my salad experience, the preparation and ingredients are not worth the cost.
4	We had a conference at Monte Carlo, and there was a sit down lunch at "The Pub." We sat in the upper level of the restaurant, so there weren't any distractions from the lunch crowds.Lunch was good. We started out with an arugula salad. For main entree, there was chicken, but I had a vegetarian dish. The dish was cheese stuffed in pasta purses. We ended lunch with a pear tart. Overall, it was a hearty lunch.
2	My wife and I are craft beer fanatics, so when I heard that this place had over 100 beers on tap I had to try it. While the sheer number of brews was impressive the bartenders knowledge was a disappointment. I don't expect them to know every beer but some basics would have been nice.  When I asked the bartender what beers they had on nitro and he replied all of them were on nitro and it was very expensive to serve them that way, I was a little surprised. I should have taken that as hint.....
4	A large group of us used the Pub for our March Madness binge watching. They have a pretty cool setup for the first two true days of the tournament (Thursday/Friday). We sat on the couches for both days with unlimited food from a buffet and unlimited well drinks and beer for a very reasonable price. Lots of large televisions and access to the patio outside. We have been for a light dinner as well, happy hour is a great deal! The pretzels are enormous and the drinks are great.
4	Went here for the first time today. It was amazing! Great food, great atmosphere for a sports junkie! Drink prices are cheap and really cheap during happy hour! This place is a must go to!!
3	Our local friend suggested we meet here for a late lunch/early dinner option. She knew that I liked beer and I wanted to watch the UNC vs Iowa state game, which I had bet on earlier in the day. They do have a good beer selection with many draft and bottle options. Prices are definitely at a premium with it being the Strip. The food was alright, not bad, but also not great. I had a burger and it was just a-ok. Overall, I would say that the Pub at the Monte Carlo would be a great place to watch a game and drink a few beers. Service was great and attentive. By the way, I split my bets as UNC lost but the total points went over.Better luck next time, I guess.
3	We've been here twice now and have liked it both times/  Fairly priced and good burgers and fries ut we come for the beer tower they have cause for two people it gives you 4 drinks roughly each and is priced good.They have a good range of beer selection and the staff is usually on top of the orders and if you need anything they are quick to get it.Great place to go to on the weekend especially if you want to do some karokee.
2	Years and years ago this place used to be great, then it changed concepts. We had gone 9 months ago and hated it. We went again yesterday and it was meh. First, we had almost finished our food before the drinks were served. We ordered a house wine and a draft beer, nothing complicated. Seriously, 25 minutes to pour a beer at 2pm in the afternoon?Next, pub soft pretzels were sent back as dry and stale. Gross. Chips and salsa were basic. The highlight was the sliders with fries. Thick, beefy sliders, not like the typical 'where's the beef' slider. Fries were battered and seasoned well. Very good.
2	They have lots of beer which is the only thing going.   The service was great as Joe treated us great.The onion rings and fish and chips had raw batter still on them and the batter was crazy thick.   The short ribs needed more braising as they were a little tough. If you are looking for a beer in a pub,  this is a great place.   Just don't have high expectations for the food. .... our at least the  food that we ordered.
4	Saw this place after catching the tram from the Bellagio. Looked over the menu then decided to give this place a try. Not very busy, got seated right away. Our server came right away and took our drink orders. Came back and answered some questions we had about the menu, we had the garlic chicken wings and the chili cheese nachos.Got our drinks, food came out not long after. Decent size portions and both were good. We got checked on a few times by different servers. Overall service was excellent and food was good. Lots of tv's if you want to catch a game. Seems like it could be loud if it's crowded but hey, it's a Pub.
5	Food was great. Burger was good and salads were tasty. Also had the cheese flatbread, which was nicely done as well.But forget that, finally a proper draft beer selection on the strip! Blanch de Bruxelles on draft and you get a proper pint! (Rare for that type). I'm a beer guy and I loved the selection. It does not compare to a great bar, as there's a lot of typical things that most beer people have had, but it's pretty damn good in the context of the strip.Prices are on the higher side as expected. The service was slow, but not slow enough to lose a star.
3	I was eager to have a good beer somewhere and had the perfect opportunity after I picked up tickets to Blue Man Group. My wife doesn't drink beer so I stopped by during the day. The bartender was very friendly and knowledgeable about IPAs and gave me a sample of local tap that was very good. I had a pint of Ballast Point Sculpin and chatted with the bartender about baseball. He left my tab open with the check in a pouch right next to me if I wanted to go. I appreciated this as I only had the beer, signed my bill and left without needing him. Decor and vibe was high-end sportsbar which I like when it is quieter in the daytime. I'd go back next time and try the food which looked good. I'll update my review when I do.
2	So friends came in and stayed at the Monte Carlo, so the night they came in we thought we would keep it mellow and do something at the Monte Carlo. We ended up at the Pub....if you are looking for a large beer selection this is the place, but that's the only attraction I can see to the pub. When we arrived at the pub we gave the hostess our name and she said it would be five minutes. We sat down at the bar, maybe 10 feet from the hostess station. I watched 6 different sets of people come up to the hostess station and get seated before us. I then walked over one of the hostess (Angie) and she said " I know I Know but I can't do anything, she is in charge and pointed to ilma. ilma then tried to tell me that all 7 parties she sat after we arrived had reservations.  Then she tried to tell me that they needed to clean a table. FINALLY we were seated, I don't understand that they had to clean a table when we walked into the bar / restaurant is was only half full. I asked 3 of the parties who arrived after us but were seated before us if they had reservations....guess what? They did not.  Food was okay for the Strip, our waiter was pleasant. We happen to be ther for the duling pianos karaoke, if you think that sounds fun (could be) DON'T waste your time.  Talked my friend into doing a duet Karaoke so I went up with the request ($10.00 in had because they said that they were playing the songs in the order of who TIPPED them the most at the time. Yeah you read that right. So when I walk up to request the song, weird coincidence, they started playing that song. I told there Karaoke guy your not going to believe this, but this is what I was requesting and handed him the paper request. He said owe it's $20.00 if you want to sing Karaoke (no wonder only 3 people did Karaoke in the 2 hours we were there.), but he couldn't stop the song .....no one but the dueling pianos were playing, and that I would have to pick another song to sing. Who ever heard of charging for Karaoke (Unless it was a competition with an entrance fee). Then to top it off if I REALLY wanted to be entertained by talent music and vocals then THIS is NOT the place to be. There are way TOO many places in a service orientated industry in Las Vegas for me to ever enter this establishment again.
3	Pretty chill food and bar place below Monte Carlo. If you stay at Monte Carlo, you can have the bill charged to your room. You can use yuor Mlife card here as well to get rewards. Got the Butcher's Burger. Boy this burger was huge! I couldn't finish it. That's because I pretty much killed their Spinach Dip appetizer. Their chips were stale though... that's the downside of it. I would have given it 4 stars otherwise.
4	I love going to The Pub to just chill. If you have locals access, it's happy hour all the time! My favorite drinky drink here is the coconut martini.. drawing a blank on the name. Only $6. Portions are large. Food is typical pub fare.
2	Before my last trip to the Pub, I would have given this establishment 5 stars. My sister and I were in town and decided to watch the Italy-England game there. We made out way down there a bit late and there weren't many seats. We put our names in and looked around for a bar seat in the meantime. We had seats when this guy came by (not a Pub employee) and told us that there were a few seats farther down. For some reason we followed him to the seats and were stuck in an odd spot where it was harder to watch the game. My sister sat down and I stood up to watch the game and he was talking to her a bit, not a lot though. We ordered beer and pretzels and the bartender was great. The beer selection there is great and the pretzel was excellent. As the game went on I started chatting with a few England fans (we were there to watch Italy). I didn't think anything of it until the guy who had led us to these "great seats" started saying things to my sister like "I thought you guys would be more grateful for these seats" and making comments about us talking to these other guys. Fine, whatever. Then he tries to get the guys kicked out (and almost succeeds) and takes my sister's seat from her and makes her stand up. Again, really childish but whatever - there are a lot of jerks out there. Then he starts loudly telling his friend how stupid we are and going on and on. I looked at him and said "You know we can hear you, right" at which point he told me that was the point. I was furious. So I went and said something to the hostess. I told her which guy he was and I saw her speak with someone about it and here is why I give the Pub 2 stars (and will probably never go back here out of principle). No one did anything. Here is a patron who is essentially belittling two women in your establishment and you DO NOTHING because your buddies with the bartender. Is this really how you want to be known? I couldn't believe it. Then he almost got the guys we were chatting with kicked out again. Apparently, if you are a local it is overlooked. Absolutely ridiculous. And the worst part about it is they didn't even have to kick this guy out - it just would have been nice if they would have had a word with him to show that they cared he was treating their customers like pieces of garbage.Doubt I will be back, it's a shame with their beer menu but there are plenty of other places that will appreciate my patronage more in Vegas.
5	Been here multiple times. Great burger, great fries, and great beer. Never been to the dueling piano at night, but will go sometime. I am a bleu cheese fanatic and they have an amazing bleu cheese burger. My go-to place in Vegas for a burger.
5	Went here with my husband. I had the macaroni and cheese (which is an appetizer) and my husband had the pub burger with bacon and egg. He claims that it was the best burger that he has ever eaten. The staff was friendly and attentive, I would absolutely return.
4	Loved this bar! We went a couple times during happy hour and they had $3 draft house IPA. Great price and great flavor! The bartenders and the servers were very nice and helpful when it came to deciding what to get. We had the chips and salsa and the pretzels and both were great. The salsa was flavorful and had a kick and the pretzels were a great price for the amount you got. If you don't like IPAs they had a great selection of beers both on tap and in bottles. I'm not sure what their normal menu was like but if it's anything like their happy hour menu you'll be good to go.
5	Stayed at the Monte Carlo during a bachelorette party trip and we decided to come in from the pool for lunch and give this place a try.Service is a little slow, but the food is delicious.Their asparagus spinach dip is literally among the best I've ever had.Sandwiches and fries are pretty solid, too.Prices aren't bad at all, either, which was a pleasant surprise!I'd definitely come here again.
3	The wait is pretty long, and I dont mean to get a seat...I mean to get a server to your table. I ordered a steak salad and it was decent. I ordered a vodka soda and the soda was flat and I informed the bartender and she seemed offended. I'll skip it next time I'm near/in the Monte Carlo.But it gets three stars because my salad wasnt bad.
1	I made the mistake of trying to order a simple vodka & tonic after the USA - Belgium World Cup match.  Three bartenders and a bar back.  Doing anything but paying attention to the customer in front of them.  After being seriously blown off,  I left after 10 minutes.Monte Carlo, you're lucky my wife is enamored with you.  After 4 visits, I'd like to try another resort, but I'm stuck with you 'til death do us part...
1	Service was terrible, waitress looked mad that she had to serve our large group. They apparently have a stone age POS system because they couldn't split up our check, we had to write out the check split for her with names and amount due. It's remedial server knowledge to use position numbers and keep track of bills. Lazy and no excuse!
4	As we walk up there are two people complaining about terrible service. We had a decent waiter and we ordered the flatbread and a burger. We also ordered the s'mores dessert and it was pretty good. While we were eating we saw two other tables complaining about food and service.If you go to a Pub and are expecting any more than pub food, you are wrong.Good place for what it is.
4	We came in and both hostess were super great super friendly. Server was a C. Wasnt great but wasnt horrible. We went during happy hour which had alot of great deals. We ordered there house beer which had the taste of a sierra nevada a teeny bit more bitter tho it was pretty good. We ordered slammers, artichoke dip, and wings. I absolutely loved everything. My husband thought the food was a bit cold. Which i guess it was but i didnt really care because i hate takin a bite of somethin when its burning hot. My favorite was the wings and the dip. Definately a must have here. The slammers come with fries and there probably the best fries ive ever had. You guys really need to try all of these. I read somewhere they have 300 beers to choose from so for all you beer drinkers you will be in heaven. Have fun in vegas!!!
3	Came here because I had a voucher for a $100 bar tab during the Dueling Pianos from playing MyVegas on Facebook. I stopped in early in the day to see if I needed a reservation and the hostess was super friendly and told me no to just show up and that it was first come, first serve for seating (The voucher included VIP seating for the event). Pianos started around 9 but we didn't get there until about 11. The place was pretty empty and there was a new hostess. When I told her that I had the voucher she seemed very annoyed and told me only two people could use it. Really!? I mentioned that it did not state that anywhere and it would be crazy to expect two people to drink $100 worth of alcohol in an hour (they close at 12). She told me it was just for two and my friends (one other couple) would have to pay for all their drinks. I usually can hold my cool but this time I did get a little snarky with her and asked her how she was going to control me ordering for everyone and handing over "my alcohol." She ignored my comment and said well there's a seat at the bar for you. I then reminded her that the voucher indicated VIP seating to which she got huffy and marched us over to a table near the pianos.By this time I was hot and about ready to just leave and forget the whole thing, however once a waiter came over, Timm, things turned around. He was great as as our other waiter (wish I could recall his name!) and gave me no issue with the voucher. He even gave us to-go cups when we still had money on our tab and they were getting ready to close. We left him a very nice tip due to his superior service. They have a large selection of beers, wine, and other specialty drinks. We tried several and enjoyed everything we tried. The pianos were decent, similar to others I've seen. They also had karaoke which was pretty entertaining this late at night:) The atmosphere of the place was nice but a little dark. The place was huge and very open.All things considered I would go back, however they need to monitor their evening hostess, as she may be part of why it was dead when we were there. Vegas is a tourist town with tons of restaurants and bars; her behavior could easily send someone to another place. First impressions are critical!
1	We are here at the pub and came to order the yard of beer we ordered last time and they no longer have those here.   That was what made them better than all the other places around here in the hotel.   And the food just wasn't good and the beer was barely even colder than room temperature.  Won't be coming back here in the near future.   That is for sure
5	If you are serious about beer and you want to sample some incredible varieties that you may not be able to drink in your hometown, then you should seriously run to this place when in Vegas! The food was very good; I had the sliders as a special appetizer. Ordered two different beer flights of the IPAs. Incredible! Bartenders were friendly and very knowledgeable. Great happy hour specials!  The gift shop with its glassware is an added bonus.
5	I can't believe this place isn't more busy on the strip. It's a little out of the way. You have to walk through the Monte Carlo and head towards the tram. But what a great place to get a beer in an uncrowded, unhurried, douche bag free zone. The Pub also boasts the second highest number of beers on tap in Vegas, I believe only exceeded by the Yard House. There are over 100 beers on tap. The kitchen closes fairly early (something closes in Vegas?) but they offer great flat bread pizza cooked before your eyes in a pizza oven during opening hours.
4	Stopped in for a few beers and enjoyed our time there.  Our server was Timm.  He was very personable and on top of things.  We like Stone IPA and Stone Pale Ale and they have both.  Also, they have a really good Pub Pale Ale.  We went during happy hour, $3.00 drafts and reduced priced appetizers.  We ordered chips and salsa.  The salsa was very good with a kick, the texture was a bit thicker than I make at home, but we really enjoyed the taste and texture.
1	So last night I was starving and came down from my room at the Monte Carlo and decided to order some food to go back to my room and was extremely disappointed. How ever while I was waiting the bartender was extremely knowledgeable about all the beers they had and was very friendly. I ordered the steak quesadilla and it was absolutely disgusting.   It was like someone dumped a can of shredded roast beef on top of government cheese. It was extremely greasy and tasted terrible.  After two bites of salty mushy what ever questionable meat I was eating I spit it out and went back down stairs of my hotel Lobby and got a subway sandwich.  Hopefully the rest of the food there is better than that. But when you have STEAK written down it should be just that not what looked and tasted like pureed canned roast beef!  I can only imagine what the chicken quesadilla taste like.  Gross!
4	I always eat here when I come to vegas. They are located in the Monte Carlo in the street of dreams and I know I can always get a good burger. While drinks are a bit costly, they are strong. They have an extensive beer list with multiple types of beer, similar to a YardHouse. They offer Wagyu Kobe! I tend to do the Build Your Own Burger. They have lots od appetizers and sandwich and salad options for those that may not want a burger in your group. Both French Fries and Sweet Potato fries are well seasoned. Sweet Potato Fries come with a marshmallow sauce.They have late night weekend happy hours. On one visit, whisky shots and coors light were $2 each. They also have dueling pianos at night if you are into that kind of thing. They take song requests with a tip.
3	In my self-proclaimed foodie opinion, the overall delicious rating to nearly any restaurant can almost always be measured by two factors - their beverage menu, and their fries. For starters: Beverage Menu. They definitely offer some good brews from around the globe, but it's also apparent that they are corporate as there is nothing outrageously unique or exciting for those of us who really know beer. Nonetheless, I thoroughly enjoyed my Westmalle Belgian Duble and good beer is to be found. Secondly: FriesI am a sucker for sweet potato fries so they naturally were delivered to my spot at the bar along side my burger. Big strike against any establishment who tops sweet potato fries with more sweetness. The marshmallow dipping sauce would have been a home run in a room full of little kids, but to appease a more development pallet, they need some saltiness to contrast the sweet. It's like adding that pinch of salt to the cookie dough that takes the cookies from yummy to outofthisworld. Overall review would be that it is good. Overpriced (but that's to be expected). And caters to the typical American pallet who seem to follow the motto that sugar and/or cheese can make any dish better. The good news is that most people visiting Vegas probably fall in that category so many will be pleased. But for those who prefer burger and fries with a little more sophistication, it may not be it. Although I've yet to find an ideal burger spot on the strip so this may be as good as it gets.
1	We went and watched the Chargers game here last weekend. There were a million open tables when we got there in our Chargers jerseys. We asked to be seated where we could  easily see the game.  We were sat behind a piano. Really? I mean, we could see.... But it was definitely obstructed. There are dozens of tables in front of the piano, yet we were sat behind it with an obstructed view.  We ordered a Corona to share, a few sodas and the appetizer platter.  The Corona, no complaints. Haha the sodas were sodas. The appetizer platter was a total let down.The flavors were no good at all.  The chips were kinda stale, the artichoke dip (I LOVE ARTICHOKE DIP) was so bland it was beyond disappointing. The wings were ok. Just ok. I can't eat onion rings (allergy) but my husband didn't seem to overjoyed with them.The best thing in our platter was the cheese quesadilla. But how can you really screw that up?Would I go back? Well, let's put it this way; are you inviting and do I get free beer? I won't eat but I'll gladly drink a free bottle of beer.
4	Great selection of beer. Great service at the bar. Went on a Sunday for the 50% off for locals deal. I only had a pretzel and it was good, nothing spectacular. Did not eat, other than that. Definitely a place I would come to again on a Sunday or during happy hour. At some point, I do plan on doing the burger challenge.
4	Went with a group of friends, the beer selection was very good, the appetizers were also good.We went in at happy hour, $3 off all beers.We could easily view multiple games at the same time and being able to go out on the deck with the view of the Monte Carlo pool.Our server, Jose, was great, funny with a great sense of humour  and quick wit, and very well  versed on the menu, especially the beer. We will definitely return on our next Vegas trip, and hopefully take in the much celebrated duelling pianos.
3	meh. got room credit for this restaurant so we went and it was our only meal during our very busy Vegas trip. The food was alright. Not great but not bad. That's all I have to say.
1	Horrible! Horrible! Horrible! Worst service I've ever had. Prices are high and way over priced. Don't waste your time
1	If I could leave zero stars I would. This place is a rip off. I went there yesterday for a bite to eat with 4 friends. At the end of our meal we asked for to go cups so we could take our beers with us when we left. So we ordered another round of beers to go. Our waitress brought over clear plastic to go cups for us. My brother poured his brand new 22oz beer into the to go cup. To everyone's surprise the 22oz beer fit perfectly into the 16oz to go cup.  So The Pub has been selling 16 oz beers and charging their customers for 22oz's. We then tried our own experiment just to make sure. We poured our waters into the empty 22oz glass that the beer came in. Then poured the water from the 22oz glass into another empty 16oz to go cup.  I'm sure you already know the outcome, all the water fit into the 16oz glass. When we showed our waitress this, and asked why The Pub is scamming their customers and charging them for 22oz beers when it is really 16oz she acted disinterested. Then we showed the bartender and he "doesn't order the cups. I just pour the drinks." The asst. manager, Ryan Blair, was a complete jerk to say it nicely. He was very hostile and defensive. This was the absolute worst customer service experience I have ever had. Ryan Blair really needs help on his customer service skills. They took $6.85 off of our $170.00 bill to give us our money back for the difference in cost between a 22oz and a 16oz beer. I hope many people read this review and now know that The Pub is ripping off their customers when they order 22oz drinks. Everyone should try our experiment and see for themselves. I can't wait to get a response from management regarding this review. What could they possibly say??  Blah Blah Blah.
3	Ate here our first night in Vegas this past weekend because our room rate at the Monte Carlo included a $75 food and beverage credit for this place.  We were seated pretty quickly near a couple of pianos (they have a nightly dueling piano show which honestly isn't that good, at least from the little bit we caught before leaving).  Service was so-so as the waiter who was assigned to our table went on break though we didn't know this...this was made up for by his fill in who came by frequently to check on us and even had a bit of a conversation with us which  thought was nice.  First off, the beer selection is enormous which can be intimidating when you're trying to pick a beer to drink, but the beer menu is laid out by beer type which makes it easier to choose.  The food was decent enough for the most part, the calamari appetizer was well cooked and delicious and I couldn't get enough of the jalapeno aoli.  I got the BBQ brisket sandwich which combined with the sauce and the coleslaw it was topped with was a messy, but delicious sandwich and at $15, one of the more inexpensive items on the menu.  My dad's fish and chips however were not as good as he said that the fish and the batter were overcooked and definitely not worth the $19 we would have paid if we didn't have that F/B credit.  I'd come here again for that brisket sandwich and the calamari (and the amazing beer selection), but like with the BLVD Creamery I wouldn't go out of my way to do so when there are so many other food choices available up and down the Strip
4	Local discounts are offered so I meet with friends here often. They have a great selection of beer and the nachos are fantastic. The bartenders are friendly and the wait staff is also. Maybe a bit pricey for what it us but the atmosphere is great so its a good place to start your night if you have to be on the strip anyways.
3	The Pub is a nice place to chillax, have a beer and watch sports. There's plenty of TVs and a decent beer selection. The food? Well, it's standard pub fare and I haven't really eaten anything that's been that great. The apps are alright, but I had the chili on my most recent trip. It was tasteless and even gave me a tummy ache shortly after.
2	Hmm well there's a lot of large tables to accommodate large parties. But they do not know how to split checks, at all. But then decided to do so because we had a mix of cash and cards. This took a good 30+ minutes. We were celebrating a birthday and had somewhere else to be. We were late. They have football specials but nothing too spectacular. Food is mediocre. Dueling pianos could be fun but the host takes his job really too serious and diva'd out a few times for no big reason. If a restaurant that caters to large parties and games can't figure out how to split checks then what are you good at? I won't be returning, nor will the rest of our large local party.
2	Went for happy hour/MNF, ordered HR apps, took 20 min, beer took 30 min. Server vanished for last 25 min of happy hour so we couldn't order more food. Showed up 7 minutes past hr and said it was too late to order food. After we insisted, food took another 30 min. At no time did he ever come to our table after food was delivered to check to see if we were happy. Had to flag him down for check. Then he disappeared again. Apps were okay. Half order spinach dip good, half order wings not good. Flatbread NASTY. Fries terrible.
4	Excellent selection of beers, good pub grub, decent prices, friendly service, and a very friendly crowd...what more can want from an on-strip pub?  Oh, the spinach and artichoke dip totally rocks!!!
2	Very disappointed w the service here. No one came by to take care of us when we sat down. We had to flag someone down. We also wanted to watch the Oregon Ducks game on the TV next to our table. No one else was watching this TV. Was told by mgr that they could not change it. Shortly later the TV switched to Notre Dame game. The ND game was virtually on every screen. In fact there was 2 TVs next to each other by us. They could have easily switched one for our party of 8 people. Food was avg. Overpriced bar food. I get it that it is in Vegas but the service could have helped the review.
2	Maria was VERY rude to us when we walked in. No greeting, nothing. We walked straight to the bar and the bartender is MIA. Being in the restaurant business for 10 years, I'm never coming back. Horrible customer service and 8 felt like I was wasting their time.
1	It is football season and our game happened to be going on the same time as the world series...needless to say the world series won even though most people were there for football except for the 2 tables that like to watch paint dry!!!   They wouldn't change any of the TVs and the servers and hostess were rude!  We came last year and loved it gut chose the brand instead because I could watch and listen to the fame with about 50 others that decided to leave and watch the game elsewhere!!  Last time at the pub.....
1	One word........TRASH!!!!!!!!Possibly the worst service I've ever had.  15 minutes to get water, another 15 minutes to get order order taken, another 15 minutes for 1 cocktail, 15 more minutes for a pretzel appetizer, another 15 minutes to get our overpriced, nasty cold food.I wouldn't eat here for free!!!! Monte Carlo sucks for restaurants.
4	Came here on Sunday for their all you can drink and eat special they have. $45. Unlimited food ( French toast, eggs, potatoes, pizza, hot wings, Mac n cheese, and chilli with some chips). There beer selection wasn't the greatest for their all you can drink, but they had a house ale that was pretty good. The bar upstairs even hooked it up with some shots. So worth the money, specially if your going to go and watch some football from 11am to 3pm.
2	Horrible food. Great environment. I had the worst Asian chicken salad of my life at the pub. The lettuce was wilted.  There was to much dressing and the dressing was not good. There were only three slices of orange. The burgers were ok.
2	Beer selection is good, but the service is slow and our draft beers where super stale
4	Good beer and great atmosphere. Food was good, we had wings and burgers. Great selection of beer and a lot of TVs with different games. If you want a table (especially a group) get there early on game days. We got there a little late so we sat at the bar, which was still fun!
3	Experience:  I met some friends from out of town staying in the Monte Carlo, so they suggested this spot for some drinks. Service: I went to the bar to get our beers so we didn't have to wait for the wait staff. The bartender was patient and friendly. When our waitress came around she was nice and helpful. Food: First we got two beers from their large selection and bought the liter sized mugs.  I felt like I was back in Germany at Oktoberfest. Then we ordered some pretzels and they were pretty tasty. Facility: The bar was large with lots of bar seating and separate table seating. It had the feel of a big sports bar. Overall review: this was a pretty good spot with lots of beer choices and good bar food. It was a little pricey, but it was on the strip, so you can't expect anything different.  Guess I need to come back for the happy hour.
2	When we first walked up there was an older Hispanic woman working the door she would not greet us or speak to us at all for over five minutes we almost walked away but we had a $75 food credit from our stay at the hotel and wanted to utilize it. She even tried to take the girls waiting behind us first but they said no we were first in line. I do not like to say this but I felt it was possibly a discrimination type of thing because we are an interracial couple. I didn't mention this to my boyfriend but it was very upsetting. Thank goodness a seater came up and took us to a table. We went on a Saturday night during the dueling piano performance which was fun and lively. The food itself was pretty good. My boyfriend had a create your own burger and was very satisfied. I had buffalo strips which were good and spicy. The fries were great here. Pricing was high but it's Las Vegas so it's kind of to be expected.
2	The beer was flat and not very cold. Our food was delivered to the wrong table and when they switched it they got my burger wrong. The burger was delicious, but the fries were cold and tasted bad. They brought fresh fries out, but they were just as bad. Left feeling sick. Will not go again.
5	Excellent food and service! Great atmosphere for watching a game! I got the Caliente Chicken sandwich which was incredible! We loved it so much we went back a second time during our trip and we got even better service the 2nd time around! They have great deals on alcohol during happy hour! Highly recommended!!
1	We came here for the game thinking their all you can eat platter was a good deal, placed our names on the wait list.  An hour and a half went by and still no table, we waited patiently for our names to be called while watching people stroll on in and take table after table.  We complained to the ladies at the front and were basically accused of lying and we left never getting our names called.  ALMOST RUINED OUR GAME DAY!
5	Love this place - every time I am in town and I can I go here Over 300 beers available should be the key here - I really don't know how anyone would be able to sample them all but its worth a try. Multiple TVs in here as well so if there is a game on you can get a good view of what is here Sit outside during the summer time months and you get a great view of the pool action and the surrounding eye candy - so worth the wait for the spot. The upstairs is pretty large and even more interesting as most people don't realize it exists Next time you are in town give this place a go - and bring some friends
1	We're in Vegas for the week--saw all the football jerseys outside of this restaurant in the Monte Carlo and made a note to come on Sunday since we are football fans visiting from FL The idle girls at the hostess's desk didn't notice us immediately because they were engrossed in conversation. When we were acknowledged the hostess saw our jerseys and looked on her chart for our team. She then said we have no seats near your team. Sorry! I ask how many tvs have our team (3) can you switch a different TV to our team (no), are there seats at the bar near a tv with our team (don't know). I brainstorm through all of this and ask her to show me the tvs. At the 2nd of 3 I see that there are indeed seats at the bar. There was also an empty 8-10 seat table but she said she couldn't put two people there. I don't see why they couldn't try a communal table. If other people watching our game arrive we'd all be happy to share a good view of the game. But no we squeeze in at the bar. I got the feeling that the hostess would have been fine with us leaving to find another bar option. The bar is very long, maybe 75ft of meandering wood with a padded edge (no purse hooks, sorry gals). But there are only 6 tvs viewable when facing the bar. To be clear, there's lots of tvs in the venue, but the bar's focus is the visually appealing keg display (pics attached) As far as I'm concerned this is wasted space, or at least ill-used. There's 20+ seats at the bar who cannot see any TV. If this is supposed to be a sports fan experience, it's a frustrating fail. I see tables with one person, likely to stay all day watching the games. They could've seated a couple with him and made more money, as well as happy customers. On the bright side, the football buffet was decent. Bbq chicken and ribs (ribs baked and not very flavorful), tasty buffalo wings, flat bread pizza, chili nachos, mac&cheese, salad, breakfast potatoes and scrambled eggs for $18. And bottomless booze for $35 more (bud, shock top orange, bloody Mary's and mimosas) or the combo of both for $45--not a bad deal on the strip. Another bright spot was the Irish bartender who was friendly, funny and fast--everything I want in a bartender. And the hotel offers fast free wifi, so we fired up our direct tv on the iPad and enjoyed our game. "The Pub" you can do better! You can be great! Send a scout team to the green turtle in the dc area, you could learn a lot, make more money, and make customers happier.
2	This place is called a Pub but actually looks more like a sports bar, little misleading. Came here after reading the reviews of the large beer selection and great bites, omg, I'm SOOO sad.This place does have a nice beer selection but the service is really bad. The place was over staffed by like a ratio of 1:5 and service was still really slow.  We sat at the large bar section and they had over 5 bartenders and took forever to get anything.  The prices are a bit high but that kinda figures because it's part of the hotel but idk. No Bueno!I ordered the calamari and it was super greasy and salty, it really didn't taste fresh at all. But now I know better.  The place has a huge layout and a lot of TV's to catch your favorite game I just wish the food and service could me at the same level as the venue. If you only care about a good beer and catching a game then this is the place to check out.
2	We used to really like this place as a good first stop in Vegas.  It has gone downhill - nearly all the way down hill.It took 27 - yes, 27 - minutes for our waiter to come say hello and just take our drink order.  At that point, we ordered everything and asked for the check at the same time so we could make sure we didn't miss him again.They've narrowed the menu and the choices aren't as varied, leaving off some things I used to like.I had the bbq chicken flatbread.  The chicken was not only all dark meat, but half of it was inedible because it was all fat and tendons.  I guess if you order a burger it might be ok, but they didn't do this one well.This place has a management issue, which causes a staffing issue, which causes poor customer service and wait times.  We won't go back, but hopefully they fix it for future crowds.One star for great beer selection, though!
2	Let me start off by saying the ribeye we had was great. That's the only positive thing I can say about The Pub. My son ordered a burger, when he received it all it had on it was cheese, it was missing everything else. We ordered the brisket sandwich. The flavor was so offputting it tasted like it had been spoiled. We ordered the chocolate croissant bread pudding for dessert. It tasted like burnt plastic. The most disappointing thing about this restaurant was the service. Our server was nice enough when we saw her, but we barely did. At one point our table had nine glasses and four empty dinner plates on it. It wasn't until the hostess saw us stacking plates and glasses that she came and moved them to another table. We never saw our server after we order dessert. Someone else brought it to us 10 minutes later. We had to ask the hostess to find our bill, and then had to flag her down so we could pay it. Definitely not worth the price we paid for this meal.
5	AMAZING TIME!  Great CUS service!  Darwin was our bartender for the OSU Sugar Bowl Game!   Yumma bat good and GREAT specials!
