3	A box of nerds 1.5 feet tall... That's like the population of China in Nerds....If you love sugar and all it's various incarnations, this place is for you. Even some creepy ones like... well you just have to see them.But ya. SUGAR!!!!
4	Its Sugar, Its Sugar, Its Sugar; this is by far the most sugary sweet confections I've ever seen accumulated into one location.  I dragged some friends down to the shop so I could buy my nephews some 5lbs Gummy Bears, yes I typed that correct and you aren't misreading I said 5lbs! They also have 3lb Gummy worms but I went with the bears; if you are crazy enough to want one of these monstrosities be sure to bring your own over the shoulder knapsack or book bag in order to hike them back out to your car/hotel room. The plastic bags they give you at check out will cut your hands up before you get to the end of first corridor.  I actually went back into the store and purchased a knapsack from them to carry my bears since my friends weren't done playing tourist for the day. They also have a huge replica of the Welcome to Las Vegas sign made out of candy and it make a much nicer and often times cooler(you are indoors) photo than the actual sign at the end of the strip.  Doesn't matter what you are looking for they have it or can order it for you. When was the last time you saw more than one flavor of Pop Rocks let alone knew they still made them? They had 5 different flavors the day I visited. You will not be disappointed with your stop here!
4	This store is just screaming VEGAS ! like candy undies and super giant candies. I would not say this is must visit type of place in vegas but i would definitely stop by to get some sugar rush going. =)
5	I loved this candy store! It comes with special size candies! Extra large box of Nerds, extra large gummy bears and about everything is in a different size, typically larger which makes the store very appealing! I also love all the candy dispensers they have available and for only $3.49 lb! They have a variety of candy from chocolates to gummies! It's a FUN store to visit so STOP by here and check it out!
4	This store has quite a bit to choose from and it's all candy themed. We were out late one night and decided to visit. They had some classic candy like Pop Rocks and Nerds, as well as current stuff. They specialize in large portions of candy like giant gummy bears too. If your sweet tooth is getting to you, this is definitely a good place to stop.
3	Not as good as Candy Factory
3	Cute candy store!  Lots of candy classic - step back in time candies.  They also have some really giant size candy like the largest snickers, huge box of mike & ikes.They also have these huge gummy bears ... lots of them!Lots of varieties and decent prices.
1	I don't understand why there are always sooo many people in this store. I mean, c'mon people, it's an extremely overpriced and unecessarily bedazzled candy store! A lollipop with a bejeweled stick for $30? Lord knows I'm gonna just throw that bejeweled stick away after I finish the loliipop. Who cares if Kim Kardashian is on the box? Not worth it!
5	Take it from me folks, I know my candy and I know my candy stores. This one is the BOMB. There's a candy buffet - one price for filling up a bag with bulk candy, and the variety does NOT disappoint. MUCH better than the candy store in the Mirage. So if you went to the candy store in the Mirage, you silly thing, just walk across the street and hit It's Sugar in the Venetian. Not only do they have an amazing assortment of bulk candy for the eating, they've got giant candy bars, assorted candy novelties, and all sorts of interesting things to see. I came back here TWICE while in Vegas. OH, and very important - the candy is fresh. You won't get any stale or wet and clumpy gummi candy here, that's quite important.
4	"Yay! IT'S SUGAR!"Later on it be like "Damn, I need insulin!"For those that aren't diabetic and plan on walking up and down the street all day or night, I guess a bag full of candy should help you with lots of extra energy with that unavoidable sugar rush.This place is huge compared to some others on the strip. Your options here are pretty much endless and if you have way too much energy as a result of excessive sugar intake, well what do you know, there just happens to be Tao Nightclub across the way so maybe you can dance that extra energy away.I can mention a few things here and there in regards to what they carry but I can pretty much guarantee you that they will have what you are looking for. You can go for the pick whatever you want and put it in a bag technique, which is charged by weight. Or you can just buy what ever is already pre packaged in boxes. In the end, you don't necessarily have to get anything if you are just checking the place out. If you must have to get something, I recommend getting the chocolate covered gummy bears. They are so good they literally melt in your mouth. Cue 50 Cent: "I'll take you to the candy shop. I'll let you lick the lollipop. Whoa!"Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #47
3	This is a place that reminds me of my childhood. I mean it's candies everywhere and you can find almost any kind of candy that you want. I also saw some thong / bra that's made of candies... I would buy it if I liked candies more haha
4	The name fits!  Lots of candy to buy.  I like how you can get a bag and throw in what you want.  Expect to pay a ton.
4	The only reason I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 was because the price per pound of candy was too much in my opinion. However, just about any candy you can remember from childhood is here. All I wanted were a few pieces of black licorice and sour gummy worms and the ladies at the counter said I took so little to just take it all for free. Sweet deal! (Pun intended.)
4	Such a neat store!I'm not sure of the age of this place, but I didn't know it was here on previous visits to Vegas. I was on candy heaven. If you're looking for it, odds are it's at It'Sugar. The huge box of Nerds is the first thing I spotted when I went it, but they have patents on the large boxes for things like Nerds and Laffy Taffy. It made me unbelievably happy seeing all the candy. On top of having Packaged candies, they also had the option to scope different candies. Starbursts, sour patches, chocolate. Candy, candy, candy. I'll defintely stop back here during next year's conference. Happy candy!
2	Expensive. They Don't have the red bull sugar gumming bear.Only cool thing is location.  One of places I stay when I go vegas.
4	Your late nite sugar fix can be had here! I came for unadulterated chocolate pre-crash and left with much more... One figures bin chocolate would be old, mute and tasteless,  however "It's Sugar" bin offerings are fresh and of decent quality!BONUS: The Red Velvet Chocolate Bar-
4	Cool store... Clean, well organized, and TONS of candy & novelty gift items.  Employees were friendly, greeting guests upon entry, and offering their help in navigating the store.  Some pretty unique adult-themed candies can be found here.  I wish I'd purchased some  stuff when I first visited the store... I'd  planned to return later to do gift shopping, but unfortunately, we got busy and didn't make it back :(
