4	So I wasn't sure where I wanted to eat lunch today and headed off this direction thinking I wanted a sit down hamburger.  I spotted the Coco's sign and I haven't been in one for years so I stopped here.  Not my normal part of town and I was unable to check in and found out later it used to be a JBs and even kept the old phone number so I guess Coco's bought out the JBs. chain seeing as the JB's website has been abandoned.Was greeted and set at a table as soon as I walked in about 11:45.  Hostess brought my iced tea and a menu quickly.  Waitress was there soon and took my order.  I chose the San Fransisco sourdough burger (medium) and upgraded to a salad instead of the standard options.  Both the burger and the salad were really good and I was quite full.  While not an inexpensive lunch, about $11 before tax and tip, everything was fresh and prepared well.  The service was spot on.  One of the reasons I chose to head to the Desert Sky mall area was restaurants don't tend to have wait problems for lunch like many places near Metro Center (about the same driving distance from where I work.) and there were only a few other tables filled.  That is a plus when you need to get back to work.
2	The people opening Yelp*, or any other web review accounts to talk three sentence trash about one business are humorous in a twisted way.  Like the thousands of online press commentors armed with five sentence flame throwers.That's not me.  Check my stats.  My chosen belief guidance states, "Praise unceasingly."  and "If one has nine bad qualities and one good, speak only of the good."  In a way this is about a person or persons, but it's really about a single location for a successful three-state restaurant chain with over 100 locations.  We eat at Coco's a lot.  We eat in restaurants lots more than we'd like to for personal family reasons.  The 75th Ave. Coco's has great friendly service, the excellent Coco's menu, delivers meals fast, and in 2011 had some of the best holiday season decoratiing of any same-class restaurant chain in Phoenix.  The food coming from the kitchen is not consistent.  It is consistetnly inconsistent.  One day meals will be fine.  Another day, somebody in the kitchen forgot to read the preparation guide, look at the "playbook" pictures, or maybe decided they knew better than the whole rest of the company what kind of food should go out the window.  We had the discussion on the drive over tonight, "I hope it tastes good, hope it's OK, etc."  In our last three or four trips here, soups and spagetti sauces were served unusually thin.  Two times ago, the commentary was, "I don't want to ge there."  How do four of us know?  We've eaten at the 7th Street location at least twice a month going on two years.  We order the same items consistently, and rarely, 7th Street gets off in the weeds.  Ave. 75 seems like someone or ones have overwhelming personal issues occupying their full attention.  Tonight, my Santa Fe melt sandwich, a grilled cheese and turkey sandwich with green chiles and avocado came out with barely grilled bread and a vast amount of ice-cold turkey.  Mom's turkey sandwich came out with a mortarboard of a top layer bread slice.  Uncuttable for her.  If uncuttable, inedible.Somebody needs some guidance.  Some careful, kind, loving, responsibility-and quality awareness coaching.  Some management.  This is food service.  At it's worse, people can get very ill or die.  At mediocrity, it's a death sentence for, at least, the location.  At its best, people say good things and return often.  If this continues, one more time, we will take our $45.00 tab, plus generous tip, elsewhere.Don't take the easy way out dumping and replacing loyal, long time, faithfully working staff.  Coach them to excellence.  If possible.  Or ignore it.Two final comments; Amanda returned over and over, politely, with no sign of annoyance, to get the sandwiches correct, and drinks full.  Rito insisted on comping the Santa Fe melt.  This kind of service and desire to make things right is deeply appreciated.
5	Great Service! Great Food!! We have been here twice now and it is a truly wonderful place! Love it and would definitely recommend to others!
4	The breakfast was absolutely delicious! Their breakfast was freshly made to order. This place will defiantly be our new breakfast spot. Also the service was good reason I gave it 4 stars and not the 5. But on the other hand the wait time to be seated was very short which I liked!
5	Now this place is a HUGE turnaround from the nasty IHOP we came from. Fast service and amazing food... We had coffee within 2 minutes and food within 8 minutes... Our official breakfast place from now on...
1	Wish I didn't have to even hit one star. The server who acted way to busy to answer my question got in a fight with the hostess over her taking my order. The server was extremely rude. All I asked the hostess was question that the sever should have given me the answers to. I WILL NEVER RETURN TO THIS PLACE. And I will be filing a corporate complaint as soon as I am done with this one. The servers name was CJ. If you have the displeasure of having this woman as your server, I hope she treats you better than what she treated me. And hopefully she doesn't decide to yell at her coworkers and walk away from you while she's taking your order, leaving you there to talk to the air.
5	Everything was super amazing! Our waiter Robert was so attentive and making sure that we had everything we need! One of the very first times I knew our waiters name that's how you know he was always making sure we had everything we need.
5	Second breakfast date today, same waiter, Robert. No matter how busy he is running around he is always so very attentive! I love it! Tried their Gouda omelette which I did not like because of the Gouda cheese. Switched breakfast with my boyfriend and he loved it lol but then again he loves to eat! Haha
3	Went there for breakfast most days Planning a return back to Phoenix next year and already know will be going back
