5	Staff is very helpful and most times discounts are given to certain employers too.
4	I was very pleased with the customer service I received when I bought some scrubs on line from Apparel Pro. I live in Portland, OR and after looking at a few different stores around town and not being able to find my size, I looked for scrubs on Google and was led to Apparel Pro. There was some sort of mishap with my order and I wasn't notified (accidents will happen) after 10 days I contacted them to see where my order was and received a phone call and email that my order would ship out that day. I emailed them again and asked if they would foot the bill for overnight shipping. They totally agreed and I got my order the next day. People and companies make mistakes, but I was very impressed that they made up for it with no questions asked. I will definitely shop here again.
4	I stopped by Apparel Pro this morning to pick up some new scrubs, and I was pleasantly surprised with the quantity of stock they had on hand (although they were out of tops in the size/color/style I was looking for), and the level of service they provided.  When I entered the store a young lady greeted me and asked what I was looking for.  She walked me to the product and showed me the different options available.  She also asked where I worked and told me that they offered a discount (a great one!) to people who work from my employer. There is an awesome selection of petite and tall scrub bottoms.  They had every brand of scrubs I know of and any color you could possibly want.  There were fewer prints available than I anticipated, but I can't wear prints anyway, so I didn't mind.  There also is a clearance section and everything is $5!
4	I really liked this place.  When you walk in, go past the front part and into a warehouse where they are actually processing orders. This place has everything and its neatly arranged. The people working there are very helpful and very nice.  They're not any cheaper than the other places but let them know where you work. They give a **really** nice discount!
4	i had to get specific colored scrubs for a facility that i work in. Apparel Pro has basically every style, size, and color of scrubs you could ever possibly think of. the store is a warehouse, so it can be aggravating trying to find what you need right away. fortunately, there are a couple of employees that you have to hunt down if you are looking for something specific. you can get basic scrubs for around 14 bucks all the way to fancy pants prints for 50 bucks. they sell those nurse/MD/therapist shoes and lap coats and stethoscopes as well. a reasonable place if you'd rather not deal with wal-mart...which seems to stock only XXXL scrubs.
4	I came here at the recommendation of Julia T. (who sadly is no longer part of the Phoenix Yelp community) to purchase a gift for a friend who just graduated from ASU with a nursing degree. I thought I would be very overwhelmed since I know nothing about medical supplies but the staff was very helpful and I think I made a great selection. I was pleased to find out that they take returns without a receipt (info is stored in their system under the purchasers name) and they also do gift cards as well!
1	Didn't have my size in pants and was out of stock in other item. Wear a large top and large tall pant. Was told it would cost $8.25 for each item that needed to be ordered if I wanted it shipped to me. Free if i wanted to drive back an get it. Wanted about 10 min for the owner before I left. I live about an hour away and if you don't haven size stocked then why are you going to charge me exorbitant fee to ship it to me. Poor customer service
1	DON'T EVER BUY SCRUBS HERE. I was given the wrong pants size (their fault) so had to drive back to exchange it. They didn't have the size because they sent everything on a "mobile show" (their fault!!!) and I asked if they could just ship me the correct size so I didn't have to keep wasting my time. I was told it was $8+ to ship it to me because it was MY fault!! This place has zero customer service. I will never come here again and definitely will never recommend it to anyone ever again. At least Kmart will ship my pants.
5	This is my girlfriend's "go to" place for her work uniforms. Its probably because the discount they offer her for being a LVN in AZ. She saves $7 on each of the work pants she gets. They have a huge selection and are always helpful when you go in to find what you're looking for.
