3	The points of difference between this Super 8 and the one on Marketview are that 1) this one has an indoor pool, and 2) it doesn't smell like mold and BO.An underwhelming breakfast is served, consisting of a couple cereal choices, donuts, and english muffins.  Better than nothing, I guess.  There's no source of water in the building outside of the pool and faucets.  I vote for a water fountain or bottled water in the vending machine!Definitely take advantage of online reservations.  I say this is one of the preferable "cheap" motels in the area.
2	This hotel was actually fairly nice for being so cheap. The rooms were clean and they have a free continental breakfast. I would have given this place 4 stars but their free wifi was broken and they've charged my credit cars 4 times now for this room. I understand that mix ups happen when charging hotel rooms, so I placed a call to the front desk to clear this up. The front desk clerk basically went psycho on phone screaming at me he can't help me. Didn't offer to take down my phone number and have me called back, just went straight to screaming as soon as I explained my situation. So now I'm dealing with their corporate office and my bank. Super 8 is a franchise, so there's not much their corporate offices can do to help even though they can view the transaction history and that I've been charged 4 times for the same room. What a headache! I would have saved myself a bunch of stress by staying at the Hilton Garden Inn for $25 more
1	They say you get what you pay for -- and after reading many reviews, this place got okay marks for the price -- and we're really hurting right now so we need the lowest price we can get.  So when we arrived on a Tuesday evening and asked for two rooms, we thought we might be getting a deal.  After all, other hotels in the area were in the coupon guide for $39 and up.  The price was $148 for one night for two SMALL rooms.  But we were road weary and needed a place to crash for the night so we figured we would give it a shot.  One of our travelers was bitten by a copperhead in Tennessee three days prior, so we asked for a lower floor room near the door.  There are maybe 5 cars in the parking lot and 3 or 4 big rigs and all of the first floor rooms are apparently full.  So we get two rooms on the second floor.  They inform us that we can drive around the back and park next to the door and go right up to the rooms.  When we go around to the back, not only does it appear really sketchy but they have a large sign letting us know that damage, vandalism or property loss is not their problem.  We laugh about it and go inside -- and feel like we stepped into a sauna.  Then we realize there's no elevator -- and Michael (the snakebite victim) has to climb the stairs.  Upon reaching floor 2 of "Hotel Purgatory", we find ourselves in another hallway sauna, with hallway carpet that is stained to the point that I think there may have actually been a murder out there.  We notice an air conditioner so we turn it to cool and turn it on and go into our rooms.  Ten minutes later we realize we forgot a bag in the car, so we head back out -- and discover that someone has turned the AC off in the hall again.  Ugh.We've now been here for over an hour and our room AC has barely dropped the temperature of either of our rooms.  And now we smell cigarette smoke -- in a row of non-smoking rooms.  This is building up to be a miserable night.The "Free Wi-Fi" is shoddy.  It goes down more than... well... I shall refrain from colorful humor.I haven't experienced the pool or sauna because it just feels "gross" or something, so I can't speak to how it really is.  And the "continental breakfast" does NOT look promising.  We'll have to see in the morning.I've stayed at a hundred hotels and this one is among the very worst.  The room is clean enough, but it's very small and very overpriced for what it is.  If these rooms were $49 or something, I would have expected this -- but when it's the same price as the local 4 star hotels, forget it.
1	Well... we came here after traveling the past four days & staying at other hotels... I called several places nearby before I even get started BIGGEST MISTAKE EVER!!! *Called & they said 64 $ a night... cheaper then 100 $ we had been paying for Holiday Inn & Comfort inn so screw it why not... considering lady said there was a hot tub & a pool. *sooo then we get into this room... and we eat and all that mind u there's a creeeper ass weird old man that says one word to you as ur walking by... well anyways... hes extremely strange and makes u feel uncomfortable... come to find out that's the OWNER! Front desk lady said he's seenile. Wow... anyways... He says no discount no refunds!!! Supposadly book keeper will. * No wifi!! As promised. * NO HOT TUB !!! JUST OVERALL OUT DATED NASTY SMELLY ASS PLACE... AND GHETTO ASS POOL.  Following my daughter swimming she's now broke out... guess that their clorene or whatever is off... pssh wow...
