4	My golden retriever, Miller, (who turns 2 years old in April) has never been professionally groomed. Back in San Diego he'd either get hosed off at Dog Beach in Coronado, or we'd humiliate him in front of his neighborhood friends by drenching him with the house hose outside of our garage.His nails, and especially his dew claws, were starting to rival the talons sported by the fine women of MTV's Jersey Shore. After a road trip to the snow for NYE and a long weekend of WWF-style wrestling matches with our friend's black lab, he was sufficiently grimy and I finally felt that paying a professional to clean him up was worth the loot.Miller was the first appointment of Saturday morning. The owner originally estimated 4 hours to get him all spiffied up, but she called in just 3 hours. When I picked him up his personality was upbeat and he didn't bolt for the door like at the vet. This leads me to believe a morning at the doggy spa was significantly less traumatizing than getting his regular shots, even with the pedicure.The facilities were extremely clean and they did a wonderful job scrubbing down Miller. 4 stars only because I thought the grooming was on the pricey side when comparing with places like Petsmart. But then again the intimate setting made me feel like it was probably a more calming experience than all of the action at a typical pet store. And they even gave Miller a new toy as a parting gift!I will definitely bring Miller back here again, but since he doesn't really require much fur styling like other breeds, another visit will probably have to wait until his nails grow out.
4	4 stars for the price, but overall great service and close to home....and you get a ribbon (girl) or bandana (boy) for your dog! They always do a good job with my dog (Shih tzu) and they pay enough attention that they told me once that my dog had an ear infection. Petsmart always disappointed me with the Way they treated my dog and the sloppy work they do.
5	I have taken my little maltipoo to these guys for the past 9 months.  She is always cut perfectly and they don't use scented products on her, per my request.  They do take their time with their grooms, so don't expect to pick your dog up on your schedule... they get them done when they get them done... and I have had to wait more than a couple hours AFTER they said they would be done.  I gave them the five stars for the quality of their work, and attention to detail with the cuts.
2	I have been taking my adorable malti-chon for three years to Cristina. I am really happy with the work.  Cristina is excellent at what she does.I was hesitant about writing this review but I was not happy with our last grooming appointment.  My dog had a 9:00 am appointment and was the last dog out at...6:00 pm.  That is nine hours!!  My dog was in a cage for nine hours.  No bathroom?? No food?? Water??  Because I do like the Cristinas work, I would still consider taking her there again....But, when I kindly asked, "Why did she take so long?"  She answered me with an attitude, "Well, your dog does not come here regularly and when she does come in.......She is a mess!!! ... and I was alone today!."  I smiled, took my dog and walked away after paying her and giving her a tip.Well, I take my dog regularly to be groomed. She is white and I like her clean.  I also take her to a closer place just for baths in between her appointments.  I do travel and have taken her twice to other places when I have been out of town.  Regardless of any of that, I felt she was rude, had an attitude and quite frankly, chose to leave my dog for last.  I don't think she was working on my dog for 9 hours??    She waited to do her last!  She is not the closest groomer to my house, but I have been happy with her work.  I don't care how good her work is if my dog is going to be left locked in a cage for nine hours and obviously had ill feelings...she seemed so resentful.  I wished things had not gone this way.
5	Love this place! We have taken our furry son here for the last 6 months and everytime he comes out awesome! The staff is super friendly and always a joy to work with. We even moved away from the area and continue to go back. Thanks again Canine Design, Kai came out lookin handsome today once again.
