5	I have used Martinez and Shanken for many years and would highly recommend them.  They do great work and nobody knows taxes better than them.  They have great customer service, a friendly staff, and perform high quality work.  I have moved to California, but I continue to use there services because they are the best accountants I have ever had.
1	Myself and my husband initiated contact with Martinez and Shanken after being referred to their office by someone we do business with. Our appointment was with Lynn Frost a self reported "accountant". Our appointment was for personal and business accounting purposes. We set up an appointment for Lynn to prepare and file our personal and business 2011 taxes as well as to perform bookkeeping services for 2011. We were guaranteed that our taxes would be filed on time and correctly. Unfortunately neither were true. All of our filings were extended, done incorrectly and/or not filed at all. We have since found out that our "accountant" is in fact not an accountant but a business development manager who prepared and filed all of our taxes and oversaw all of our bookkeeping. When we called the office to ask questions regarding their services we were told that Lynn is in charge of our account and were sent to her extension and when I specifically asked for the bookkeeper for our account, the only information she or he could give me is what Lynn had told them. We have had large penalties, fees and additional taxes incurred because of their fraudulent and inadequate services and are still being billed by their office for services that were not performed correctly, not performed at all and/or at a fee that was not agreed upon. In response to a letter we sent to them we were told that any services that were incorrect or needed to be amended would be done by them at no cost, however the last 4 appointments made with their office were cancelled on the day they were set for. We were told that an appointment with the CPA would incur a fee and we had no one else to go to. We had deadlines for our 2012 taxes and needed to have the information completed quickly which required that I go to another accountant before we had more penalties, fees and additional taxes. This new accountant also amended many mistakes their office had made on the 2011 taxes. We have run out of resources to remedy this situation.
4	I trust this company with my business accounting. Service is always quick and friendly.
5	I have used Martinez and Shanken for everything I have ever needed with my taxes.  Not only do they have an excellent staff that gets all of my needs done in a timely manner they treat me like I am an extremely valuable client.  I have never seen an accountant that does such high quality work and I would recommend them to anyone that needs any tax services.  Great customer service skills.
5	I have been using Martinez and Shanken since 1997. It was very important to me as a small business owner that my tax needs were met with seriousness and a level of professionalism. I went to the smaller block tax services and they really missed the mark when it came to finding me the optimal benefits that was needed. At Martinez and Shanken my gains far surpassed any tax service I had previously. I have relocated in the last 3 years I am still able to use their services through emails and phone calls as if I were in the same room. Thankfully I will never have to go anywhere else as I would not trust my small business, professional, and personal needs to anyone else. I no longer fear tax season and now actually look forward to it with a sense of optimism.
