5	Ok, mole, enough is enough.  Your time has come.I went here on a recommendation of a friend who had a similar conversation with an unwanted hanger-on (not literally), and have nothing but good things to say about them.In the first visit, they check you over to see what needs to be done.  That took a whole 10 minutes, then they reschedule you for a follow-up if you need treatment.  The actual D-day for my mole also only took about 10 minutes.  In the door, straight back to the doc's office, 5 minutes later it's a little local anesthetic and see ya, little buddy.  No putzing around the waiting room for an hour.  No waiting for 45 minutes while your doc takes care of a dozen other people.  Easy in, easy out.
1	I waited months to get an appointment with one of the "top" dermatologist at the clinic, and when I went in, she rushed so much, that she didn't answer my questions.  Everyone was overly nice, but really, they just want people out the door to get the next "payment" checked in.  It was such a disappointment! I basically payed for about 5 minutes of speed talking, which sounded like a recording, and 15 minutes in the waiting room.  If you want to know the details: the dermatologist basically reverberated standard, elementary sun care, stuff we all know, "wear sunscreen", don't spend too much time in the sun", etc., etc., and the questions I had regarding facial skin and cleansing were never answered. I was told to see the in-house aesthetician (another $90)! Other questions about skin spots and moles, I never had a chance to ask because I was rushed out the door.
5	I love Arrowhead Dermatology and Chuck Rimer. He is kind, courteous and quick. I have had two types of skin cancer removed and he helps make me feel comfortable even when I feel overwhlemed. I apreciate how discrete he is during my skin exams, especially since I need one every six months. I have recommended this office to several people with good result. It would take a lot to get me to change dermatologists. Thanks Dr. Rimer
1	Came in as a referral to remove a damaged fingernail caused by some machinery. I had the exact same injury on another nail which was fixed by removing it last year. Well Doc know it all started busting out medical picture books and was insisting it wasn't healing because I was "subconsciously" picking my cuticles the past 15 years. She refused to remove it basing her opinion on a picture that had nothing to do with the cause of my injury. Many years ago I had a sharp object pierce two nails leaving a crater like injury and all she can talk about is cuticles.I did not appreciate the fact that 1) she did not consider removing my nail based on the evidence that my other nail healed by doing so. 2) No matter how many times I told this woman I wasn't picking cuticles and that the other nail healed fine after removal, she kept disagreeing with me.I was finally given the ok to remove it but by that time it was too late, they lost me as a patient. The rest of the staff was excellent.
5	LOVE THEM! I'm pimple free/skin cancer free Thanks to Dr. Lisa Hynes!!! Love her!
5	Chuck Rimer. That's who you need to see if you go to this clinic. I don't know who this lady is everyone is talking about in previous reviews, but just because you get one crappy doctor doesn't mean the whole clinic is at fault. Although Christine that sounds kinda confusing even to me, sounds like bad communication with the insurance and the front desk. And you have to go to the front desk for them to talk to you, they are not gonna come walking up to you and start talking to you, no doctor's office that I have ever gone to does that. When I walk in if they are not with another clinic they always say hi to me and when I leave they tell me to have a great day. They have been extremely nice! But yeah Chuck is awesome, I first went to him when I was 16 and he made me feel really comfortable and he was really willing to listen to my issues and does everything to make things better. I'm 21 now and still go and see him! He is great :)
