5	Best Dentist ever. I have been coming here for years and they always remember me when I call/ go into the office. They treat their patients like family. The office is always extremely clean and they use the latest tools. Melissa cleans my teeth every time and does a great job. Dr. Mow is very knowledgeable and does not try to hard sell you on services. I would recommend this place to everyone!
5	I don't know why I've never yelp'd these guys but here it is...  My whole family has come to Dr. Mow's practice since it's inception and everyone has always been treated well and the work has been exemplary. From the Doctor to the Hygienists to the front office we have never been disappointed, even during wisdom teeth extractions, and will be patients for as long as they are doing business. Note: my insurance didn't cover them for a couple of years about 6 or 8 years ago so we tried several others and finally, after trying S.W. Dental group we just quit going to the dentist until I decided to get some real dental insurance and back to Dr Mow's we went....
1	I was referred here by my mom who loves Dr. Mow and a specific hygienist on his staff.  The office staff is great, but I needed a crown and had a temporary.  I had just moved across the country with a temporary and thought I had an appointment to get my permanent.  WRONG.  Instead they just took about 20 different x rays and I had a consultation so I could reschedule to come back for the permanent.  This may be standard at dentist's now, but the tech who took all these x rays was incompetent.  When I had them transferred to my new dentist (Dr. Margolis-AWESOME!) they could not even make any of them out.  So my insurance and I paid to have me exposed unnecessarily to radiation.  Dr. Mow did not inspire me with confidence either.  When I had problems with another tooth his answers were about as clear as mud.  They left me feeling teeth care was not even worth doing because you never know what is going to happen.  I want a dentist who is not indecisive and has clear answers to my problems.  Thank goodness I found Dr. Margolis.  He did not even charge me for taking all the x-rays AGAIN (only this time they could be read).
