3	The staff is great, very helpful and friendly. A little on the pricey side, pay attention to the rules, only the basic colors and tools are are included in the hourly rate, that's what turned me off a little.All in All a good time.
4	My grandmother's a hobbyist painter and we thought it'd be a cute idea to bring the girls out here for her 80th birthday. I called a few days in advance and made a two hour reservation. The pieces are a little pricey ($2-3 above average), but the environment was great, the place was quite quiet for a Saturday afternoon and the drinks we ordered were great. The staff was super helpful and friendly-enough. They helped us figure out colors, tracing, and got us everything we needed. They are primarily french speakers, so English-only tourists beware there are a few language barriers but all in all had a great time and my less than enthused grandmother actually enjoyed herself, which is very rare! Can't wait to go back and pick up our stuff!
4	We like to have different "date days" and this time, we decided to do something creative. We needed a little something for gifts and decided that this would be perfect! My uncle used to own a ceramics shop back in the day, so I knew the procedure very well. Mind you, unlike the old times, you pick items that are already cleaned, primed and baked. You need only paint your chosen item and return a week or so later for your finished product.The cost of each piece is a little steep, we bought 2 plates, and a sake set, after all was said and done we paid upwards of 115$. That said, we had loads of fun and everything turned out pretty nicely.
4	I went here yesterday and was pleasantly surprised. I actually loved it!! The amount of choice of pottery to paint was unbelieveable! I really wasn't expecting that. The staff were helpful, and it was fairly priced. I would love to come back! The only downpoint is I have to wait 8 days to get my pottery back, I wish I could get it sooner! Also, a bonus is if you want more colours, that are not originally provided the staff will bring them to you with no extra charge. Fab. GREAT afternoon activity!
4	Friendly and laid back. We came here and painted a mug. Both of us did it and they charged us as if we were just one person. It's $8 an hour plus the cost of the ceramics, but they have a special $12 flat deal for 3 hours of painting. You'll need to be in the city for a while, though, because it takes a week for them to glaze and fire the pieces!
