5	Nice quality clothes for toddlers and older.  Colorful assortment, one of the best stores in the valley.
5	I cannot believe I wasn't the first one to review Loveland. I also cannot believe it took me three weeks to visit this boutique considering it's right next to my homes away from home. If you've ever been to Altered Ego you should remember the end near Solo had a small amount of clothing and jewelry. I've purchased two things from that rack and gotten a million complements on each. They're so unique and extremely reasonably priced. Apparently everyone else thought the same thing, and the woman that ran that small line opened a store next to Solo Cafe a few weeks ago. I've been meaning to go in and just now had the chance. The place is ridiculously incredible. If you love supporting local businesses and you love unique clothing for toddlers and women and great handmade jewelry and accessories, you need to stop in. My first thought was how great it would be if the store was connected to Solo just like Solo is connected to Altered Ego. Well word on the street is that's happening tomorrow. Yep, there goes my wallet. Can I just rent this area instead of my house? It would be much easier for me. I'm officially hooked on the strip mall at Mill & Baseline forever more.The atmosphere is exactly what I'd expect of anything next to Solo and Altered Ego, which is nothing short of breathtaking. The wall treatments are exquisite (especially the hot pink wall, which I now have the name of the designer of), the lighting fixtures are romantic and elegant and the whole feel is almost a romantic contemporary in my opinion. The clothes are still all reasonably priced and very unique and well made. They have dresses, shirts, pants, skirts, jackets, hats, bags, jewelry, and then a whole line of almost the exact items for children. As with any boutique store the sizes vary, sometimes greatly, with different lines of clothing.As soon as I walked in I felt like I was home. The owner Jinia was there and I was excited to finally meet the person behind the goods I treasured. She took the time to talk to us about the store and her thoughts about opening it and so much more. It was truly a fantastic experience.I wanted several dresses but then I spotted a gorgeous necklace with three sets of pink beads. Yep. It's mine now. Their official grand opening is next Saturday and I'm sure it will be a treasure to attend.
4	I heart Loveland. Let me count the ways.1. Well, the clothes, of course. For example, I was desperate for a new, cute dress for a night out at the museum a few weeks ago, and scoured my brain for options in Tempe: Urban Outfitters - their clothes are simply not well-made or quality enough for the price and rarely fit anyone nicely; Buffalo - yeah, if I'm in the mood for a hunt and peck shopping day where one out of 30 items is worth trying on; Sunset - better than Buffalo but no guarantees. Not only is Loveland on par with Frances and Bunky, two of my downtown faves, they have a bigger, more varying selection: if you loved Zoey Deshanel's wardrobe in 500 Days, there are skirts and blouses right up your alley here; there are also basic summer maxis, structured vintage-style dresses a la mad men, cute, comfy t-shirts, pretty coats,  happy hour appropriate blouses, lounge pants, denim (not a ton, but a bit), fancy party dresses and more. Finally, Tempe got that much cooler. 2. The owners, one of which I met on my first trip in, because they have excellent taste in music (listening to Lykke Li and The Blow instead of Pink makes all the difference during a hot, stuffy, marathon of trying clothes on) and because just one of their buying philosophies is "every dress should have pockets." Hallelujah!3. Kids' stuff. My BFF just found out her little eggo is preggo, and now I actually peruse this kind of stuff and was delighted with my finds here. What I thought were cute totes that I would actually buy were mini stroller bags. They also had an adorable girl's dress in the cutest 70s pattern and style that, if it were larger, I would wear myself. And the boy's ensembles were cute without being predictable, and all the clothes were soft, soft, soft. I made many, many mental notes for upcoming baby-related events.4. Jewelry. Unique and either edgy, or pretty, or just fun, for reasonable prices.5. It's location. Tempe desperately needs more sophisticated bars, restaurants and shopping that appeals to young(ish), urbanites and hip professionals - not just college-age hipsters. Loveland is one of few such options, and I want to shout from a mountain top how important it is to support it!
4	Love this store. Some of it is pretty pricey but, if you dig around you can find some cute deals. Definitely can't afford the kids stuff though. $60 per outfit geesch.
4	I'm on the bandwagon - the Loveland bandwagon, that is...I'd read the reviews for this boutique since Paul B's FTR when they first opened back in July... and I finally made it in for a visit yesterday during my local holiday shopping!I met Althea, one of the owners, and she was super sweet... and has fantastic taste in clothing and accessories.  Everything in the store is adorable and IMHO reasonably priced.  I purchased a really cute ring and a t-shirt with a boston terrier on it (for my mom).  I showed off both of these purchases on Channel 12's local shopping segment early this morning!Loveland carries mostly women's clothing and accessories but also some cute stuff for kids and dogs... they are just starting to carry some men's t-shirts too.  The selection is fairly limited but really unique.  I highly suggest checking out Loveland for your holiday shopping (they are having a big sale starting this Friday) and beyond.  I'm sure I'll be back despite the fact that it's a bit of a drive... it is worth it!
5	I am in love with Loveland! I lived in dowtown Portland over the summer and became quickly addicted to boutique shopping. I loved the personal touches and unique finds. Then I came back to Tempe and was depressed by endless malls with American Eagle and Forever 21 dominating the fashion trends of Arizona. I got so excited when I read that a boutique would be opening next to Altered Ego where I get my hair done! I am very happy to have a local option of where I purchase clothes in Tempe.I have had great experiences at Loveland. Jinia and Althea are so personable and sweet. I love their style, oh and their dogs too! I My beagle Clover and I had the privilege of meeting Jinia's boston terrier Winston on Mill Ave. one night. I am so excited to have a local spot to buy gifts for children, friends and myself! The best thing is that every item is hand-picked, which I feel makes the gift-giving experience more special. I bought my new year's dress here and I feel relieved that I won't be wearing the exact same dress as every other girl in Scottsdale that night, cheers!
4	I was hoping to find something trendy and unique for my friend for Christmas, so we thought Loveland would be a good place to try.  It definitely is!  While they have a HUGE selection of adorable little kid clothes, that wasn't exactly what I was looking for.  They have an impressive array of delicate jewelry and headbands.  While I loved most of it, I just wasn't looking for that style.  There are lots of pretty dresses and blouses, all at good prices, and a decent amount of interesting guy shirts as well.  Loveland is a really cool place that I will keep in mind when shopping for myself and others in the future.
4	Checked it out the other day with my girlfriend.  We both agreed.....very, very cute and unique stuff and pretty affordable!!!  Loved the store.....I'm a fan, I will be back! Definitely not a cookie-cutter type of place!
4	Great little boutique outside of Phoenix. I read the reviews here on Yelp and knew I had to check it out while in town for a business trip. Great atmosphere in the shop - it's connected to a little cafe next door that has pretty good coffee, too! Everything is unique - you won't find anything here that you can get somewhere else. Handmade jewelry, bags, clothing, linens, the most gorgeous headbands for little girls, toys, candles, pictures....everything has an artist's touch. I wish they'd had more of the adorable clothing for my kids' ages (6-10; but there was lots of great baby stuff).The only downside is that it is a little pricey (the only reason for not giving it five stars) - I picked up a beautiful little blanket for my daughter who lost her favorite blankie - $34 for two squares of fabric sewn together! $11 - $16 for a headband with fabric flowers.  But I justify the cost by reminding myself that I'm supporting an artist somewhere and a small business! Definitely worth a trip if you're in the area. You can catch up with Jinia, one of the owners, at Sens in downtown Phoenix too (my next review, and a great place to eat!).
5	I know.. an update with the same rating, but I just cannot get over how amazing of an experience it is every time I walk into this store. I was in there most recently a few days ago, hoping to find a bit of good luck in the clothes department, as I had been wearing cargo pants forever. That in combination with not being able to fit into most of my cargo pants, I was dying for a skirt.Jinia and I talked for at least an hour as I got to see all the new things going on and catch up. I ended up trying on a few pieces I never thought would work with me, including a skirt made of neckties and a strapless mini dress. The end result? All of them looked fabulous and I walked out with them all. The necktie skirt is my absolutely favorite piece and everyone that's seen it thinks it's a true gem. The necktie line also includes brooches and purses.. definite must sees! If you haven't been yet, you're truly missing out!
4	I fell in love with this place as soon as I set foot into it. I can always find the perfect accessory and the cutest gifts. I get lost in the kids clothing, it is the most adorable stock ever! Jinia and Althea are the sweetest ever! Oh yes, and the fact that there is a coffee shop in the next room over is a HUGE bonus. Fashion and coffee, need I say more?? These ladies are crafty, sweet and very fashion forward. It doesnt get any better than this place.
5	Cutie! Great owner, great owner's daughter, great owner's dog, great vibe! I am still new here so in my "hey let's turn down this block" exploring I happened to see the sign from the street, recalled reading good things about it on yelp, and just had to stop in. I have been on a mission to discover the right little local something to send back to a friend in NYC. I found the perfect little sea blue recycled glass ring! Chatted for a long while with Jinia, one of the owners, had some great laughs, enjoyed all the cute local artist-made accessories, was inspired to get my craft back on, and really could've hung out allllll day. It's really a cute shop to stop into for that perfect gift. And I love how Jinia promoted the other businesses in the plaza---two of which I visited, spent money in, and happily shared how I heard about them.
5	Loveland is the best! Visit once and you'll be hooked. This is one funky boutique that really does have something for everyone, even your pup, and especially your little ones. The clothing and jewelry are unique and stylish, and the trends really aren't too pricey. I mean, who can put a price tag on looking fabulous, right?! (By the way, thanks again, Mom) Also, you HAVE TO sign up for their mailing list, because they not only alert you about upcoming sales, but also events, like jewelry making classes I really had a blast chatting with Jinia and playing with Beans, and found some really great dresses on sale. I've been looking forward to my next trip before I even left the store during my last trip. If I could pick one store to max out my credit card at, it would be Loveland. Is there any better compliment than that?
5	I have to agree with everyone- Loveland is a terrific boutique. Althea finds pretty and fashionable clothes, and I love that they don't look like they're from the mall. The kids' stuff is entirely too adorable, too. Bonus- they have a doorway leading directly to Solo Cafe! Plus, easy-to-get-to location and easy parking! Definitely worth checking out if you haven't already.
5	Even though I'm sure it's been said before, I'll say it: I LOVE LOVELAND. Love, love, LOVE!My friend Tracy P. had been raving about Loveland for a while before I made it into the store. Any time I'd see her she'd have some new and awesome outfit or piece of jewelry or both! "Tracy! You look awesome," I would say.She always replied, "Loveland!"FINALLY, I made it to the store myself for Strawberry Hedgehog's DIY event and even though I was an hour early, I kept myself busy. All of their awesome garb is local, which makes me feel good to buy it. I don't mind spending a little extra if I know that someone in the area put their love-and-care into making it. Not to say that the hard workers in Taiwan don't deserve some credit for their Target brand jewelry and clothes, but I'll stick with local products anyway.I was tempted to spend all the money in my back account, but luckily that amount wasn't much, so I stopped myself. I have a new store to go to for all of my good-lookin' needs, and the ladies at Loveland provide it all so fashionably!
3	I really wanted to love this place, and I almost do.  The kids clothes are freakin' adorable.  There was some cool jewelry, but nothing I couldn't make for myself.  The curse of the crafty, I guess.  I don't like the location.  I went on a Sunday, and got there early.  Nothing else was open.  Had to do laps of the parking lot until noon.  It seems to me that a neighborhood location would be more appropriate for such a locally-identified business.  The shop itself is very spacious, and the staff was friendly without being in-your-face.  I ended up not buying anything and feeling bad about it, but I just didn't love any of the merchandise enough to spring for it.
5	I really loved Loveland.  It is super cute and hip.  They have a little play room for kids to play in.  My daughter really enjoyed that.  I bought a very unique purse that i love.  They have very cute clothes for little kids and for older people as well.  I really look forward to telling people about this boutique because i didn't know it was there.  Very friendly staff.
5	I have developed a mild addiction to not only Loveland's amazing clothes and accessories but their terribly charming and adorable owners as well. I love their style and feel great supporting these awesome local ladies. I appreciate that they carry lots of local crafters and seem to be frequently involved with fun classes and charity vegan bake sales. This is my go-to place for gifts of all kinds! They even did some personal shopping for me for a prom themed wedding coming up and any time I am stumped for an outfit they are SO helpful in picking things out or if they don't have it in store they order it, their service is impeccable! I get so many compliments on the items I buy from them, if there is anything I would request it would be some larger sizes for gifting but I know that is hard to find at most boutiques.
5	How have I not reviewed Loveland yet!  I feel like I am there all the time!  This place has a great vibe and boasts a great selection of women's and children's clothing.  She also has a large selection of local products, such as Strawberry Hedgehog Soaps, and her jewelry selection is awesome!  Thanks Loveland for being such a great local business!
