5	What a great experience! Jill was super professional, very wise and clearly knows her craft. She provided great conversation and a seamless back waxing, which for some guys can be brutal. She's def my go-to in the future and would recommend to everyone I know. Thx Jill!!
5	Gentlemen...  got back hair?  Need a wax of any sort ?  This is the place to have it done.  Jill is wonderful.  She will take care of any waxing need you may have.  Always very professional, courteous, and goes out of her way to ensure you feel comfortable  from beginning to end of your desired treatment.If you're man enough to  to rid your body of unwanted hair - then look no further than Wax Appeal.  Thanks Jill!
5	Jill is awesome! Very professional and does a great job! Very easy to make an appointment and location is easy access! I will most certainly go back. Her facility is a comfortable environment and she ensures you're getting exactly what you want without the pressures and up sells of your typical day/med spa.
5	Jill @ Wax Appeal is amazing! Her professionalism, wax technique & charming new space is comfortable clean and very inviting for anyone, men included. I have been waxing for years & Jill is at the top of her profession, you will not be disappointed!She was flexible with my schedule and really appreciated it!Sharing her name with with friends & family will be easy. Thanks Jill :)
5	I have had several bad experiences with facial waxing from burns to pencil thin eyebrows. I called last minute and Jill got me in, not only that but she did an amazing job! I hope to continue going back!
5	Jill is so amazing!  I had a hard time finding a good waxer when I moved from Seattle and then the universe guided me to Jill.  I was driving to Tempe for the last 2 years just to see her and I couldn't be more thrilled that she now has her own spot in Phoenix.  She is so professional and thorough.   No one has ever made being naked on a table with hair being ripped out so comfortable!!  I always leave looking forward to my next appointment and satisfied to the point of wanting to prance around naked for a week!!  Jill really is the best of the best.  Check her out you won't regret it.
5	Very clean, private, personal, one appointment at a time.  Jill is AWESOME, definitely will return.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
5	I have been seeing Jill for a little over a year after struggling with bad, nail salon, waxes. Jill helped regrow, reshape, and just complete rejuvenate my eyebrows and I wouldn't go to anyone else. Even with her move I had to keep seeing her. She is wonderful and really knows her stuff!
5	Jill is fantastic!  She is very professional and is accommodating.  She uses high quality products and is extremely knowledgable about this profession.  I would not go anywhere else for waxing services.  She has this client for life!  Highly, highly recommended!!!
5	I love the way my eyebrows look when Jill gets done shaping them. I originally met Jill at her previous employment and was too chicken to ask where she went or how to contact her so I was so happy to find her thru Google and yelp. Her office is easy to find and her professionalism is excellent. I will continue to get waxed by her and enjoying my gorgeous brows.
5	I am so happy that I found Jill for my Electrolysis needs. She is very professional, nice and she has a very flexible schedule. The environment is very clean and calming. I would highly recommend her services.
5	Jill = my wax angel. Short story: moved here not to long ago, hopped from nail salon to hair salon trying to find someone who knew how to wax my eyebrows..since moving here, my eyebrows have been butchered! Found Jill through Yelp and gave her a call. I told her about my waxing nightmares (wax in my hair, 35 minutes late from opening business hours, bleeding brows from plucked skin) and her exact words, "I need to see you!!" She was so personable and spoke to me as if we had been friends for a long time. I wasted no time and saw her at 8am that next morning. 8 am!!!! Never been to a wax salon that is open at 8 am. She is so flexible with my crazy schedule! Her office is nicely decorated and she has nice, relaxing, and updated music that softly plays. Was I nervous??? Yes but I felt instant comfort once meeting Jill. All I can say from here, is SHE THREW DOWN!!! She shaped, trimmed, and lightly waxed my brows to pure perfection! When she was finished, I stood in front of her mirror in complete aw! Not one single hair out of place, perfect shape, no blood or plucked skin, and more importantly, my eyebrows matched! I no longer need to hunt for someone who is passionate about their skill and likes to get to know their customers and takes their time!! I walked out of her office feeling absolutely amazing and hair free!!
5	Jill = my wax angel. Short story: moved here not to long ago, hopped from nail salon to hair salon trying to find someone who knew how to wax my eyebrows..since moving here, my eyebrows have been butchered! Found Jill through Yelp and gave her a call. I told her about my waxing nightmares (wax in my hair, 35 minutes late from opening business hours, bleeding brows from plucked skin) and her exact words, "I need to see you!!" She was so personable and spoke to me as if we had been friends for a long time. I wasted no time and saw her at 8am that next morning. 8 am!!!! Never been to a wax salon that is open at 8 am. She is so flexible with my crazy schedule! Her office is nicely decorated and she has nice, relaxing, and updated music that softly plays. Was I nervous??? Yes but I felt instant comfort once meeting Jill. All I can say from here, is SHE THREW DOWN!!! She shaped, trimmed, and lightly waxed my brows to pure perfection! When she was finished, I stood in front of her mirror in complete aw! Not one single hair out of place, perfect shape, no blood or plucked skin, and more importantly, my eyebrows matched! I no longer need to hunt for someone who is passionate about their skill and likes to get to know their customers and takes their time!! I walked out of her office feeling absolutely amazing and hair free!!
