4	I was fortunate enough to have cool friends in the know and got invited to the soft opening last night.Very cool place!  The new management team adds yet another revitalizing kick to the downtown scene, and does so without a gaming device on the premises!I had visited Gold Spike about 2 or 3 months ago, and chatted with friends about the potential.  Thinking more along the lines of a casino refresh, but I think this lends to an even better scene, attracting a fun crowd.With the great little courtyard area in the back, highlighting a beautiful Air Stream camper setup, some artificial grass, blow up pools and lawn chairs, 2 corn hole games for entertainment (that's bean bag toss for those who just asked the question), 4x6 timber Jenga style blocks that entertain the players and all the spectators, and a live retro jazzy 3 peice band belting out some Sinatra stylings, how could you not have a good time?  Add cocktails and hors d'oeuvres for a perfect setup.Inside, the whole casino floor has been converted to a plush modern lounge with a great bar, some high top tables, lounge sofas, oversized bean bags, pillows, a huge bed for relaxing with your friends, and lots to do.  Real darts in the back, with some foosball, pool tables, or a giant corn hole game to continue your legume tossing skills whilst getting an upper body workout.I plan to head back on a Friday or Saturday night and see how the crowd is.  I imagine this falls right in line with the eclectic offerings of all the other fun downtown establishments.
4	Upon the grand opening of the new and improved Gold Spike, I wanted to check out the Gold Spike Grill, as I've also heard that it's been improved.  Back in the day, I knew the Gold Spike grill offered some really good food at SUPER affordable pricing.  We would order the chicken strips, chicken wings, quesadilla and more at the bar.  All those dishes are about 6-7 dollars.  That hasn't changed, however, the Grill offered more variety of food for you.The Grill has a retro feel to it.  Must be the lime green color scheme, paired with the rock pillar they have there.  I actually like it.  It's clean and the white chairs/tables make the retro feel pop out.  The staff have definitely improved as well.  Some of them have been there from the old Gold Spike, some are new.  Our server was Kitty and she worked behind the bar counter.  She was super helpful and really took her time to recommend some great dining options.  Another server, Mary was super nice as well.  At one point, I noticed all the servers huddled next to the cash register, counting their tips which was a little turn off, however, they didn't linger around very long.  For our meals, a friend of mine got the omelet for around $7-8.  He's vegetarian so he got mushrooms, tomatoes and avocado in his omelet.  It was DELICIOUS!  The omelet was stuffed with huge slices of avocado, tomatoes and mushrooms and the top had more sliced of avocado.  Really was a huge omelet.  Accompanied with crispy and nicely salted hash browns and toast of your choice.  I got the fully loaded nachos for $6.99, also added chicken for $1.99 more.  I liked it.  Refried beans, queso, chicken, jalapenos, guacamole, salsa and sour cream on the side.  The great thing is that they gave a lot!  I mean, A LOT of food for the price.  My only wish is the queso.  I prefer using cheese you can melt and not runny Velveeta cheese.  Nothing better than Nachos dressed with shredded cheese and then melted under the salamander broiler.  Aside from that, the flavor was good and every ingredient combined, made a great nacho bite!Listen, you definitely need to check out the new Gold Spike Grill.  This place has a new head Chef who came from Zappos.  Chef James is an amazing guy and really helped to enhance the food in this restaurant.  Along with the average price of food, I think I'll be coming back for years to come!
5	Stumbled into the Gold Spike this weekend and was blown away by how clean and inviting it is!  Enjoyed a drink at the bar while watching folks playing pool and generally lounging around in a smoke-free environment.  I particularly enjoyed the couch/bed that sports a copy of Fifty Shades of Grey on the nightstand.  I will definitely be coming back--a really nice place to relax and enjoy the downtown scene.
5	Really delighted with the new Gold Spike! Great bar, fabulous lounge area, tasty food at the grill, and a nice garden out back! Oh, and it's open 24 hours and is also non-smoking. Fabulous.Added bonus is that the staff are very friendly and I enjoyed a delicious prime rib dinner in the Grill. I need to eat gluten-free and our server was super helpful and careful to check with the kitchen. It was endearing and funny too, because our server didn't really know about gluten free requirements, and explained that as they've just reopened and their clientele has changed, they are now getting used to more demanding requests such as gluten free.  In the end all they had to do was remove the au-jus and give me regular, rather than seasoned fries. It still tasted great and at just $12 was a bargain!!To top it off, as part of their wide selection of beers they even serve Estrella Damm Daura, which is a Spanish gluten-free beer made with barley but with the gluten removed during the process. My only gripe is the cost, which at $10 a bottle is a bit much. I'll be suggesting they stock an American g/f beer instead like Omission; I hope that would allow a cheaper price point!I'll be back here... a lot!More on gluten free in Las Vegas:https://www.facebook.com/groups/gluten.free.las.vegas/
4	I recently read an article in DTLV about the new Gold Spike and knew I had to check it out. I had never been in it before, but I can say they did an awesome job. First of all, all of the staff is super friendly and relaxed, super important if you are inviting people to come over and hang out. They have a huge ben and gig-ass bean bags to relax on, as well as a foosball table, darts and an area to check out game to play with, like Monopoly, Clue, etc. The bar area looks nice; I will have to return to try some of their drinks. There were a ton of people at the bar working on their laptops. Outside they have a mega Jenga to play with as well as an Airstream camper with a kiddie pool to dip your feet in. It's getting kind of hot, so ideally you would hang out there in the evening. I will definitely be back to grab a drink but I also feel like brining a book with me on the weekend and just relaxing.
5	Ladies and gentlemen, this is the brand spanking new Gold Spike.  Brought to you by The Downtown Project team and Zappos.com.  Since the grand opening, I have been back every single weekend...oh, and to no other location downtown!  That says a lot for me as I get bored with a place.  Nope, not with the Gold Spike.  Let's start off with the ambiance.  This place is a lounging paradise!  Comfortable, over sized lounge chairs everywhere.  They have a HUGE California King (or even bigger) in the middle of the joint, where you can sit down, have some drinks on, or lie on.  They also have high top tables and chairs if you prefer that as well. You can even bring your laptop and work.  They have free Wifi!!!!  And the greatest thing about the inside?  IT'S SMOKE FREE!!!!   Go outside and they have another lounge area with comfortable couches.  Need more?  They have lounge patio and cushions chairs all around the outside area.  Then, there's the airstream.  It's definitely at conversation starter. Recently, they installed a large golden statue of a cobra snake.  That was kind of odd.  I think the quirky books, trinkets, decorations and bed set this place apart from other downtown lounges.  The other thing that makes this place rock is the amount things you can do there.  Start with the jukebox and the photo booth by the bar.  Behind the photo booth, you have a couple of dart boards to enjoy with friends.  Then, there's the shuffleboard.  It's inside and super fun.  Next to it is the pool table and a HUGE corn hole game set up.  My favorite game!  You can always check out the board games they have behind the counter as well.  Go outside and there's another huge cornhole along with two normal sized corn hole games.  Lastly, they have the huge sized Jenga blocks.  That has to be the crowd favorite so far.  So much fun, but watch out!  Each block is heavy and will hurt your toes if it gets in the way.What I appreciate is that within the Grill and the bar, they've kept a lot of the old Gold Spike employees.  I love the fact that they remember you if you frequent there.  Folks like Joe, Will, Jay and Heather behind the bar really makes this place feel like home.  OH, don't worry.  The drinks are really inexpensive as usual!Trust me.  Such a great update to a downtown favorite.  Hands down, my favorite place at the moment.  I've fallen in love with this place all over again and I'm so happy this place exists downtown.  Come check them out!!!
5	Love love love this place!! I truly cannot get enough of it. You can find me here multiple times per week! I love what the Downtown Project has done to the interior, making if feel like a swanky lounge, yet it also feels like you could kick back and relax. There are a wide variety of games and activities to be enjoyed inside in addition to the full bar. The grill is cool, too - they have a veggie sandwich that is absolutely delightful with fresh flavors that truly pop. A MUST TRY is the Stigl on tap. It's a grapefruit beer that really tastes like a grapefruit soda - it's perfect for the summertime, yet a little pricey at $9 each. The outside area is also a treat with giant beer pong, man-sized jenga and a gigantic cornhole set - it's a blast to hang out next to the airstream and listen to a sweet bluegrass band jam. Man, I love the 'Spike.
1	No gaming. No smoking. No trace of Vegas left in it. As usual, Downtown Project took a neighborhood staple and ruined it with Tony's San Francisco vision.We were here on the last night it was a casino, and were disgusted by the flock of Zapponians, all dressed exactly the same (like a cult), playing bad wedding music on the jukebox and having a grand old time celebrating the fact that their Dear Leader was about to put a bunch of people out of a job.More recently, I literally spent a half-hour attempting to track down ANYONE who wanted to take my money for the Diet Coke I ordered. A person who values their time would've just walked out (It's 4 cents worth of syrup, for christ's sake), but they've got prominent security everywhere, presumably to keep the old regulars and other characters from the neighborhood out. We can't have any of those scum in Tony's New Downtown, can we?For a place backed by a company with an outspoken devotion to "Service," the service here is really atrocious.Unfortunately, despite all of its flaws, and the fact that I'm basically supporting the Evil Empire destroying downtown by going there, I will probably be back when I get sick of working in my windowless office in The Ogden. I'll definitely sit at the bar next time, lest they forget about me...again.
4	This is an amazing hang out spot. Now that Downtown Project Group has moved in to clear out the gaming, they have turned it into the ultimate lounge. It is all self contained as well. With the Grill and bar close by, the guest will never go hungry or thirsty.Those conveniences leaves me more time to play darts, both kinds of shuffleboard, billiards, the corn hole game, large jenga, board games, or even beer pong in the backyard. Do you need a place to lounge and red Fifty Shades of Grey? You are in luck. The bed, near the bar, has a copy of it and you are more than welcome to get a group of friends to have story time.
4	I stopped by the other day to meet a friend and I have to say, it's looking pretty good! It was like stepping into a game room for adults without all the noise. I like the fact that I did not see any video poker machines anywhere in the hotel. There were awesome over-sized games everywhere, like a game of Connect Four on the wall. The decor is pretty fabulous, including a bed, to relax in the middle of the room. the outside is also fabulous, with a small grassy area and night time live music. This is not your typical Vegas hotel. This is going to be a great place to meet up with friends and business associates.
5	This place is awesome!!  I never have a problem with my food, totally consistent.  Even had a friend who can't have anything gluten, she did the grilled veggies, but had to ask about the vinegrette.  The server and chef were kind enough to check it out!!  Great service, awesome food!  The hot dogs are huge and flavorful, fries to die for, cheesecake i'm in love with.  Can't go wrong with this place!!!
5	This place is freaking awesome. One stop shop for a guaranteed good night. I haven't had the opportunity to come here on a weekend night yet but I've come by for a couple of happy hours and it's always a good time!Cheap drafts, great wells, and solid food. But the best part are the games and lounging areas! They have over-sized corn hole, pool tables, outdoor seating, huge bean bag chairs, luxurious couches, huge shuffleboard, life-size connect 4, and during the day it's an open work space! Seriously, just a fun place to come with friends and/or strangers to have a great night. I'll be back soon!
4	Good, cheap food, with a twist. I liked that most items could be ordered as a wrap or sandwich. Fries were good. It wasn't crowded at all and the staff were super nice and fast
4	Great lunch spot. Good food. Great prices.Breakfast is served all day! I ordered the Steak and Eggs, which included a 7oz steak, 2 eggs, hashbrowns and toast for $9.99. The steak was perfectly prepared!They also have a ton of hot sauces to chose from! (At least 100) There's something for everyone!
4	Had a real good time at this adult fun center with two full-size pool tables and a menagerie of assorted games all over with a center bar.  Very roomy atmosphere, a bed in the middle.  Who knows what goes on there?  A fun center for adults.  Cool first date place or place to hang out with your buddies.
5	Honestly this place is awesome! We had a blast. It's a great transition from casino to bar, grill, pool, shuffle board
4	I think the true upside of this place is that it is FUN! Giant Jenga, bean bags, connect four ...and to be frank - it is an absolute escape from the loud casino noises. It simply had an atmosphere that was completely chill. In Vegas ... there are few choices for an environment that is relaxing ...yet this was just that environment. I also appreciated the range of ages and ethnicities represented there. Worth visiting with friends to help with the heavy lifting (in that the Jenga blocks require more than one player...)
4	Gold Spike isn't what it used to be. Downtown Project totally gutted the old downtown casino and transformed it into a hipster magnet. The slot machines, tables, everything is gone. In its place is now a chill hang out spot complete with cheap drinks, good food and plenty of entertainment.The lounge areas is what makes a visit to the Spike worth it. Huge bean bag chairs and comfy couches surround "board" games spread throughout the property. Giant versions of Connect 4, and Jenga is what everyone raves about. Overall great atmosphere, total 180 of the old smokey casino that Gold Spike used to be. Be warned though: more and more people are finding out about GS and its geting packed weekend evenings.
2	Some friends raved when this business, acquired by Tony Hsieh's Downtown Project, re-opened without the casino but with a bar, large lounge area I guess which is for Downtown Project-bots, and a grill. The grill is what I was interested in.My colleague and I went there for lunch. There were a couple of problems. I ordered a cheeseburger, my friend a hamburger, both with fries. It took about 20 minutes to be served, and that's a long time for a greasy spoon type joint to get the food to your table. Also, my cheeseburger (and the lettuce to go with) was sitting for about five minutes under a heat lamp. Why it takes longer to cook a hamburger than a cheeseburger, I don't know.My friend asked for mayo on the side. The mayo sat under a heat lamp for several minutes. I asked for the special sauce, which was promoted on the menu but for some reason wasn't on our sandwiches. The waitron told us there was no "special sauce." (Double-checked - it was on the menu, not our burgers, though.)Also, the menu promoted the Parmesan buns. There weren't any Parmesan buns that we could discern.And I also asked for a pickle. My colleague got a pickle, but I didn't. I like pickles. These extraordinary requests sent the diner into some sort of tailspin. Our waitron was diverted by some complicated stock transactions or some such and couldn't find a pickle, the side of mayo slowly warming under the heat lamps, or the missing special sauce that she says doesn't exist, so I asked another waitron for those items. Go forward another five minutes, and the replacement waitron delivered a pickle and the side of mayo.The burgers themselves, cooked medium, were fine, as were the steak fries. Still, 90 minutes at this place and two screwed up orders - well, one very screwed up order at least - was too much.
4	Erase whatever preconceived notions you had about the Gold Spike. I always thought of it as a run down, old casino with a shitty, yet awesome $4.99 steak and egg breakfast.On Monday night, friends requested that I join them down there and I am extremely grateful I did. The entire space has been cleaned out and modernly decorated. I entered a giant man cave. This is a large, open space with large games everywhere, a back patio, a bar, and a cafe. It's all non-smoking (which I learned the hard way by lighting up at the bar, but the staff was completely cool about it). There are several large versions of Connect 4, Shuffleboard, and Bean Bag Toss. There are several pool tables and a large Jenga game outside. There is plenty of lounge seating inside and on the back patio. There is also a little booth were you can borrow board games like Clue, Monopoly, etc.  There are large beds with plush pillows and giant bean bag chairs. The tables have large books full of art and history.  It's a beautiful and open space. The best part, all of these games are 100% free. This place delivers so much fun and happiness. What a wonderful concept! Brought to Las Vegas from Zappos.com and the Downtown Project.The drinks are inexpensive and they offer gluten free and organic bottled beers. The bar area is the only place in which underage patrons aren't permitted. Such a great place for those teetering between the 20-21 years of age. Best of both worlds.The Gold Spike is a wonderful addition to downtown and offers fun for the whole family without hurting your pocket. Cannot wait to go back!
5	How can you not love a place with: - A Giant Jenga Game-  An  Enormous Connect 4 Game-  A Huge Beer Pong Game (seriously, if the rules applied, you'd die)-  A bed in the middle of the room-  Bean Bag chairs...everywhere (giant ones too)It's a bar, cafeteria, game zone-- It was crazy fun!!!  ...and they have a cooperative co-working environment I plan to check out very soon.#VegasTech#DowntownProject
5	FINALLY! A place where you can hang out grab a beer and not smell secondhand and hear about hitting a royal!AND ITS DOWNTOWN!Amazing atmosphere of games and lounging that you wish your backyard and treehouse looked like when you were growing up!  Drink prices are reasonable for downtown and the cafe has a surprisingly fresh menu!
4	Omg where have I been?! I have been a long time downtown patron and had no idea this place existed. Lol, geez.Thought this place was cool, still don't know if this place is even a hotel or not.  Reminds me of the 3rd floor of Cosmo.  And you know what, it doesn't smell like downtown in here.  It's equipped with a DJ and lots of games to challenge your friends. I must be faded Because I can't even play tic tac toe. Lol.  To good times in the heart if downtown!
5	Go here! and bring your friends! this place is amazingly fun. I've been to Vegas a few times, but I just recently discovered this place on my most recent visit.  When you walk in you are greeted with a much-appreciated whoosh of cold air and the smell of apples (strange, but true, everyone commented on the apple scent).  Inside there are random areas for seating, including a big bed and several huge lovesac bean bag chairs.  Outside there are more seating areas with comfy patio furniture to sit on and watch your friends play giant Jenga or giant beer pong or cornhole.  There is a counter where you can check out board games to play including Operation, Lasers, and Cards Against Humanity.  My only issue is that no one is stationed at the counter and you are supposed to ask your server to bring you a game, but we could never track down a server.... we just ordered drinks from the bar.  They had a live band there that started playing outside at 10 pm.  While I usually love live music, it was a little too loud to still comfortably talk to friends.
5	I spent about a month and a half in downtown Las Vegas working with the Downtown Project. Naturally, each and every day was spent at Gold Spike, both in the Grill and Lounge area. I couldn't say better things. Both April and Maria are wonderful waitresses. The food is great and incredibly affordable. Veggie wrap = a delight. The grill has a definite different allure than the rest of the place, very retro and diner-y. I'm not a hot sauce fan, but there's over 100 hot sauces to choose from, which my colleagues loved. All of the breakfast dishes are awesome as well.Wifi works great.
5	This isn't the same Gold Spike as a few months ago... I'm not going to lie I thought it was the dumbest thing when I heard they were closing the casino and just opening as a bar, I thought "How dare they just waste a gaming license like that" but I gotta say every time i come downtown, I want to come here.They have a wonderful outdoor area with a giant Jenga, corn hole (both normal and jumbo) and a life sized beer pong which uses a dodge ball and huge trash cans.Inside they have another big corn hole, shuffle board (both the mini bar version and one that old people play), games you can rent out, darts, Golden Tee, pool and Foosball. The inside also has a cafe (haven't been), bean bag chairs and other unique sitting areas.  On weekends they have a DJ in the security booth and don't surprised to see Tony Hsish chillin at the bar!This is a place I try and take everyone, it kinda makes you feel like in college again.  I even took my dad in the early evening and it was quiet just watching SportsCenter at the bar.
2	Like the atmosphere With the remodel. Went to see a band on a Friday night very good music.. REALLY REALLY HORRIBLE service inside at the bar two girls that did not have a clue behind the bar.. Very rude and slow 20 minutes for a drink is absurd. Then when u ask nicely they give u an attitude like its not there problem
4	I love this place, good food, great place to socialize or sit back with your laptop. I can't wait to attend a party here. Classic games, chill atmosphere. It's hipster nirvana.
4	A group of us went here my first night in Vegas.  It was a great time and I wish we had something like this where I live.  It's chock full of all kinds of over-sized games.  Inside, there's giant cornhole with what seems like 5 lb beanbags (the first time you throw, you will most certainly come up short, way short), shuffleboard, pool, hop scotch, darts and connect four.  There's also a huge bed and a bunch of giant beanbags for relaxing.Outside is super chill.  It has sort of an upscale backyard feel to it.  They have a bunch of outdoor seating with live music and even more games which included Jenga, more cornhole and beer pong.  Loved it out there!The only negative I could come up with is that this place is big, a little too big in my opinion.  Seeing other reviews, I can see why now since it used to be a casino.  I feel like the night I went it had a pretty good amount of people there but since there's just so much space to cover it almost felt kind of empty.  I feel like this environment would benefit in a more intimate space but that's just me.  We still had the best time and I only wish they would've fixed the photo booth for us.  We really wanted to leave with a group shot of all 7 of us crammed in there.
5	Gold Spike really needs two listings. One for daytime activities and one for the nightlife. In the day, it's a blessing for anyone who telecommutes. Sometimes when you work from home you just need to get out before your house starts feeling like a jail cell. The free wifi (decent speeds), plenty of outlets and long tables around the bar allow you to spread out and really get some work done. JAIL BREAK! In some ways it still feels like my house though. TV's, good beer, solid tunes and super models. Fine, I made that last one up. Added bonus that cafe serves solid food on the cheap and delivers it to your table. Gold Spike FTW!At night you can really make use of the outdoor area. They provide (more) cornhole sets, jumbo Jenga, another bar and often times a band rocking out by a Silver Bullet style trailer. Def worth a stop next time you're bar hopping downtown.
5	The boyfriend and I went to meet a large group of friends here to celebrate one of the birthdays in the group. I wondered what made them choose The Gold Spike, I had been there in the past and it was a decent enough bar, casino lobby but nothing to brag about. Ha! They are bragging now! This place rocks! Finally a place in town that's not a loud techno dropping, smokey, crowded, expensive hot mess! LOVED it! My BF said got your ID ready and I'm thinking why they heck to they need that at the door. I imagine my eyes where wide open in shock as we stepped through the door. It's wide open with the bar and the little deli still in tacked but they have removed the slot machines and added random lounge spots with couches, bean bags, large comfy chairs and tall tables as well. They've added pool tables and over sized games, giant corn hole, yard jenga, giant beer pong, giant connect four and much more! Outside is an even awesomer, yea I went there, lounge area with more seats and a band and another bar. I'm sure I missed some of the other features but it was love at first sight. I love that it was big and there were a lot of people but you wouldn't know, unless you were waiting on drinks at the bar, because you were not bumping into people. Speaking of the bar, which was busy and pretty slow to get served, I'm not sure pricing, I didn't pay but you could get a pitcher of PBR for $12, not terrible. There is no smoking inside so you don't go home smelling like an ash tray and have to wash your hair again after you already washed it to go out.  Did I tell you I love this place! We'll definitely be back soon.
3	The service is very fast and attentive to everyone's needs.  The menu is varied and everyone, no matter what their dietary restrictions, was able to have a huge meal.  I had the Chili Cheese Dog, and it was huge!  I couldn't even finish the fries that came with it.  That big juicy wiener was so good!  My friend had the prime rib that tasted great, although it did consist of about 30% fat that you couldn't eat.  They were very good about substitutions and were always around for water refills.
5	One of my top spots downtown when you want to either get some work done during the day (and not have to purchase expensive coffee to sit down), PLUS they have super fast FREE internet so that always makes working better. At night you can play giant sized games (like giant connect four, beer pong, and jenga). Check it out! I can promise you won't be let down.
3	Reasonably priced with a good diner menu. We were there on a Saturday night around 9pm and it felt like we were there during a shift change. The waitress didn't greet us when we arrived and we sat for awhile before I walked up to the cash register to ask for menus.  I had the sliders on Hawaiian rolls and they were overcooked and dry. We also had a sandwich wrap at the table and that was decent.I wouldn't recommend this place to be Wow'ed by the food. Service got better after we finally got our menus. I'd recommend this place as an alternative to a diner or casual restaurant in a casino. I like that it's open late and that it's not overpriced.
4	Your mouth gets treated to amazing import beers and tasty food. Not the best drink specials but the prices overall are still good. A lot better than other bars Downtown. Your hands get treated to a great selection of fun games like oversized darts, oversized corn-hole, and oversized chess. You can also checkout board games to play with friends or complete strangers. Your buns get treated to very comfortable seating complete with huge beanbag chairs or even lay down in bed and mingle. Pretty great place to hang out. You can do a little work in the daytime with your laptop or do a little work at night with vodka. Up to you buddy.
5	So much fun!!! Like many of the reviews I agree this is like a grown up playground. Only thing it lacked is 4 square and a tether ball but other than that its got it all. Service was a little slow but the bar tender apologized immediately and thanked us for our patience. Decor is fantastic including interconnected handcuffs for the bar chains. Drinks are averaged price but a better beer selection than many other bars nearby. Overall I loved it and will be back my next visit to LV!
5	Had a total make over! Plenty of space! In door and out door. Lots of games! New favorite place!
1	3am'ish, nobody to seat us. A few more minutes we are still standing at the wait to be seated sign. Still time passes. Our friend waves down a server, he then points to a just bussed table that has not been reset. It shall remain that way as I still have a fresh set of utensils from the last table. We are seated for nearly 15min until we receive menus. No drink orders taken. More time passes, then more time. Then more. Then our friend gets up walks to the service counter and flags the guy down to take our order. Waters & food, plus an apology saying it is someone else's section... where is the manager to coordinate the floor? Then we wait and wait and wait. Waters come 10 minutes later than the food comes all at once. Typical bar fare finger food. Burger fries quesadillas etc. Nothing to rave about, but the quacamole extra was spoiled. Chef argued with me. He claimed it was a fresh premade bag that was dated and he just opened. Spoiled tastes as spoiled will taste. Here is the end of the argument, I tasted it before he. He deemed it good before I did without a lick to his lips. Apparently his attitude is that labels on boxes and premade product stays good until opened without any check prior to serving it to guests. Then after this situation of telling me I was wrong he throws up a fresh avocado and says he will make the same batch fresh. Indeed fresh and a completely different product, but I could have done without the throwing it in my face attitude. The server pulled no strings nor did anything to placate the situation, basically we were soiled with sporadic and occasional service and a chef who could only read labels and was at best a by the numbers cook who was in dire need of supervision along w his front of the house cohorts.
2	Went to spend the evening with my daughter and her friends for her birthday- the place looks great,  a lot of fun, oversized games like Jenga and Cornwall.  The outdoor area is set up very nicely with lots of seating available. the food was good, nothing unique but good bar food. My only complaint is the service or should I say, the lack of service. Despite the fact that we had a group of twenty people, we could not get anyone to serve us outside.  We would have ordered more food and drinks but when you wait 45 minutes for a beer it's just not worth the wait.
4	Such an awesome plae and hidden gem of Las Vegas!! They have FREE games like shuffleboard, bags/cornhole and giant jenga! The drinks are reasonable priced! They have a live band on the weekends most time! Its a great place to lounge and hang out with friends! My only complaint is the lack of gambling...if and when this place gets some slot machines or table games Gold Spike is gonna rocking all week long!!!!
4	Don't be fooled by the creepiness of the outside!! This place is so cute and fun! Downtown is really coming alive. Great for locals to enjoy a night out with out the craziness of the strip. Bar inside and out lots of openness for seating. Ever want to play shuffle board cruise ship style with out the rocking of the boat, play some giant four square with out having to let kids win or enjoy some giant beer pong well this is your place!! They even have cool outdoor seating and live bands. I only didn't give it a 5 because I haven't tried the food yet. So I guess will just have to keep going back until I remember to try it.
1	Since its reopening, I has been nothing short of disappointing. Doucheville USA. Nothing like vacuous hipsters! Gone are the days of old Vegas. Like thanks mr zappos, like, seriously, omg! I'll be at the huntridge tavern.
4	Fun place to hang out.  They've got a bunch of oversized games like cornhole, beerpong, and darts.  Prices aren't horrible, but have definitely went up since opening.  Hope they don't turn into another commonwealth, which is way to clubby for downtown.
4	I'm a fan because of Klinq, and I love the 99 cent beer! The remodel is OK, but skews way too youthful for my taste. I had a Chicago dog on a tortilla, which was pretty good. Had to try it with their hot sauce assortment, but didn't check the numbers on the bottles first. So a 9 is very hot! But the hot dog was good, it had lots of peppers & onions. Love the Airstream in the back.
5	Cool spot. "Off the grid" Bring friends. Cheap drinks. Cool games - jenga, connect four, shuffle board. Not that bullshit Vegas strip scene.They have a "First Friday" crowd every first of the month
2	Good food, fabulous service IF YOU ARE SERVED BY MARIA. If not the service is pretty lackluster and might just ruin your experience like it did mine today.
5	Service was excellent, Mike was our bartender. The food/menu needs to be worked on. Ordered the Chicago Hotdog and it fell apart, the hotdog was too large for the bun, messy, the bun should be toasted so that all the juices from the pickles peppers etc don't make it soggy. The hotdog by itself with the pickles and peppers tasted good. We will come back but won't order that again.
5	When I first heard of the Gold Spike, I knew absolutely nothing about it except that it was located downtown. I imagined this old school smokey casino full of elderly people spending their last pennies in the penny slots, so I was surprised that my friend wanted to go there so badly on Saturday night.  I could not be more incorrect.  The inside is a giant game room with giant sized games that include darts, connect four, corn hole (or bean bags for those of you not from the Midwest), shuffle board, etc. There is also a bar and what looks like a little restaurant.  Even though it's a giant game room, it still has a swanky feel to it.  Then there's a huge back patio area with more corn hole, a giant Jenga game, and chairs and little fire pits, as well as a stage for bands to play.  It's just such a great and fun atmosphere.  It's relaxing and not at all pretentious.  There's so much to do and the drinks are cheap.  My friends and I were all very excited to have found a new fun spot downtown.  We need more places like this!
5	Finally a place that celebrates my love of board games!I love everything about this place... service at the main bar leaves something to be desired... S.L.O.W., but the work around on that is to just go to another bar. (Bar near security/DJ Booth isn't full service, but very quick)This place has so much fun stuff!!! Shuffleboard (although I'm sad they took out the standing bar shuffleboard game. I haven't tried playing the floor version, but it looks fun.Life size Jenga, Large and small Bean bag toss games (cornhole), Life size beer pong.. Seriously giant "red solo cups" fashioned from large trash cans filled with water, using basketballs to make points. Awesome!You can check out board games and there's tons of room (couches and chairs) to grab some friends and sit around and play. There's was a live band playing outside last Saturday. This place has such a fun vibe. I didn't really get the the 3D room, but I don't think I'm the target demo for that kind of thing. There's also an in house cafe. Decent food for decent prices.Gold Spike, you are definitely becoming one of my favorite downtown spots!!
5	This place is awesome! I knew nothing of this place before coming here besides that it was located somewhere downtown. I also believed they recently remodeled with the help of Zappos! Inside there is full bar with multiple tvs, a cute little snack shack and a huge lounge area with day beds, trendy bean bags, lounge sofas, the theme of it all is very nice. What blows this place over the top is all the games! Life size connect four, life size jenga, sack toss, pool and more! It was a bit chilly to be outside but they have a beautiful outside patio lounge as well. Open 24/7! I definitely will be coming back here with more friends!
1	This place is a MESS. So, the concept is great; games everywhere, cool vibe, outdoor area, etc. Where it fails absolutely is that it turned into a very young 21-ish hipster dump with people screaming like girls, lots of drunken antics (guys throwing other guys over their shoulders, a little sickness on the side) and a staff that has no idea how to control this unwieldy beast.Let me address first the bar situation. Sadly understaffed. Will, the unkempt bartender whose ass crack I saw more than I cared to, was rude, inefficient, dirty looking (I mean, scuzzy) and completely biased toward those he served. If they don't fire this guy then he's obviously in with the bosses. Loser.A girl with a tramp stamp (you can't miss it, it takes up her whole back) behind the bar with her face in the computer for a good solid 20 minutes (that's how long it took us to get a drink and I STILL don't know what she looks like) ignoring everyone at the bar, that she works at, for a living, to do nothing. Perfect. Well, that's about it for bartenders on a loud, busy Thursday night. A bar back that we'd asked to help us get oblivious tramp stamp girl's attention snapped at us like we were filthy animals who'd wandered in for a scrap. Maybe a little customer service training is in order. I THINK SO.On our way outside to the back through the blasting music that was so loud that if you could hear yourself think you would tell yourself to leave, saw a guy passed clean out. A sonic boom couldn't wake this guy. Because that's how loud the music was and he was snoring heavily. Finally make it out to see a bunch of seriously young looking kids screaming about Jenga. The fabulous band (with a bass player!) couldn't be heard over the juvenile squeals and blocks crashing of this game that seems fun, but not when you have cool music to listen to. Priorities are not right here. We had one great bartender who came over and got us our second drink. She was sweet and very cool. I tried to hand her a tip, but she had walked away (??). I had to call her back. Pretty sure she's not used to that with this entitled whiny crowd. Ugh. I'd die if I had her job. Or, I'd probably go to jail for back handing some of those kids. Where were their parents??Anyway, avoid until this situation fixes itself, it has so much potential. As of now it's just a joke.As an aside I'd say to the manangers: if you want to make money it's not by alienating people who have disposable income to spend and allowing the college level brats who make minimum wage to take over. I'm pretty sure they're costing you as much as you're making, both in keeping the older crowd away and with the serious destruction they looked like they were causing.
4	This place is SO cool! I live in Santa Monica, currently known as Silicon Beach, and have worked in the actual Silicon Valley and in San Francisco, yet none of these places, which are teeming with tech employees and entrepreneurs who work remotely, has come around to the brilliant idea of opening a free, welcoming space for those who work remotely to use free wifi, outlets, and plenty of seating in exchange for the use of a full bar and full food menu, with some cool party games thrown in for good measure. Instead I'm constantly being guilted out of staying in a coffee shop too late or fighting with someone for the ONE outlet in a restaurant. Why don't more people realize that if you make people comfortable while they're working, they're going to want to stay and spend money? That's what Drew A and I did when we had a work sesh here on a weekday afternoon - we got beers, some nibbles, had a meeting, then closed things off with a rousing game of giant cornhole. While we were there a group was using the projector for a screening of an independent documentary. This is the kind of community centered business that I want to see more of! From what I hear it gets pretty lively at night... the fact that it stays open late at night is another brilliant aspect of this fun and casual all purpose space. Please, bring this to California - I'll be forever grateful!
4	I was excited too finally come downtown check out another part of new downtown. I  heard about it from friends about Gold Spike lot has changed over and totally different vibe from the crowd too the look. One that say that FAN of! I understand talk about diversity in crowds literally 20's, 30;s, and be nice 40++. It makes for not only good place too people watch but good way reflect on life? Maybe. End about drinking, hanging out, enjoying life. Gold Spike is great spot too do it. The oversize board games. I played connect four with group of friends hanging out for birthday celebration. Only negative thing say is dam not enough yellow disks. Make sure Red or win early then later. Other games shuffleboard, bean bag toss, and big fifty shades of gray bed chill on. Dartboards, and couple nice pool tables. If bar game looking for sure Gold Spike had them all in regular or oversize fashion. If the place is packed you might have too wait but for the most part no one hogging the games. We played made sure let other people get their connect four on. If games get boring they have dj spinning music inside and outside you have live band playing (we were there for few hours so heard two different bands). The outside patio area is pretty cool. I like the set up with small outdoor lounge area in one corner then have couch and comfy chairs kick back hear the band outside. They have heaters outside too. Between the inside and outside. It kind of interesting that almost little sections that see groups just hanging out talking stories and enjoying life. Gold Spike is good time. Sure its nice diversity in downtown from maybe more classy downtown bars and has personality all its own. One that would recommend check out once or make part of any bar crawl downtown style!!!
5	The first time I came here was just to get a quick bite after a late night of hanging out at the Gold Spike. I ordered the French Toast and was absolutely blown away!  It was a combination of perfect bread and very tasty cinnamon batter. One of the best parts of this place is the prices. Most items are under $10 which is awesome because there is nothing I love more than a good value!I had a burger which was OK, but the steak fries on the side were perfect. My last visit I re-ordered the French Toast and got two pancakes for $2 on the side. I was once again surprised with the size of them and how tasty they were. I asked our server what batter they used because I was blown away. For the price, I would much rather have a stack of these than at eat. There is no doubt I will be back and no doubt that I will continue to crave their French Toast!
4	Came here at 2am after a night out.  Ordered the chicken and waffles. Everything was great and the server was attentive.
3	So they took out all their gaming and relaunched themselves as a lounge. I'm not quite sure what happened to the hotel rooms and what they are used as now. I came during the evening to check it out. It was really busy, really loud and lots of dumb drunken antics. There's a DJ playing and you can play too : shuffleboards, darts, billiards, board games, cornhole, etc. The plus is there's lots of space and abundant seating and couch beds to lounge on. There's outdoor areas as well with chairs and lawn games. If you want something to eat, they have a diner in there. It's not much quiet since it opens up into the great room where everything is happening. I'm sure I've missed more than it has to offer since it's a big place and I didn't go exploring more once me and my friends found a table. I heard it's open during day and is a far different vibe. It's relaxed and quiet since it can attract the laptop set who need alternate place to work or study. I think that's more my speed. I don't know if it's always that crowded, but it was a little too crowded for my taste with some rowdy people. It was good people watching though. Where else can I find a hipster in a suit sitting there zoned out with one shoe off?
1	I agree this place has a great vibe and concept but it is a mess worst service ever such a shame!
4	My favorite place to work during the week when I want to get out of the office. They have plenty of spots to plug in and free wifi. The background music can be challenging if you have conference calls, but that's a mild inconvenience. In the evening it turns into a great place to watch a football/basketball game, meet friends for a drink or just hang out. This is an awesome addition to Las Vegas and the downtown vibe.
3	This is a really strange place. It's an open lobby area with a bar on one side and a large open area on the other with a bed, bean bags, high table tops and various other low couches. There are games peppered throughout this open area and young hipsters everywhere. Never have I seen so many twenty year-olds gathered in one big place like this before! There's a DJ table with loud music playing but this isn't a place suited for dancing I don't think. If you are in your 20s you'll probably have a great time here just to hang out or to meet new friends. I ran into a few very cute and young 20(s) year old guys who stared at me with a way-too-friendly smile. Sorry little ones but I'm an old lady even if I might not look it.
3	If I had to sum up this place in one word: Random. I came here for the first time on a Friday night. It was a good mix of young and middle-aged, locals and non-locals. There is so much going on here. You go in, get a drink from the bar, and partake in whatever floats your boat.There's live music going on in the backyard, along with some games like life-sized beer pong, corn hole, life-sized Jenga, etc. Inside you'll find a foosball table, pool, darts, shuffleboard, connect four and many other games that I may have missed.Boytoy was right when he said this place is like an adult daycare.
4	I am in love with this place!  I work downtown and walk all over for lunch.  A co-worker told me to check this place out and I can't stop talking about it now.  Dragged another co-worker with me for lunch and was even more impressed.  It's really hard to find lunch for under $10 down here but they have it and it's delicious.  We split the philly and the chicken sandwich, got steak fries and onion stacks.  Very good!  They also have a wall of hotsauces from all over we tried out.  All of this while playing connect four at our table.  Saw lots of people with laptops or just chilling in the lovesacs taking a break.  If you haven't been to the Gold Spike since the renovations, you are missing a gem of downtown.
4	I have yet to be disappointed with the food our service here. They've never been busy and the staff is friendly. Prices are very reasonable and the portions are generous. The spot is very diner-like. I've made this a regular spot!
3	I really wanted to give this place 5 stars.  It has the making of a new epic downtown hangout.  The prices are good in the restaurant and at the bar.  But service is slow and not very professional.  My drink was so strong that I could barely drink it.  But two rounds of drinks and beers rang in at. 37$ and our dinner was 19.98 for two so maybe that's the trade off. The atmosphere is pretty great,  indoor/outdoor games  both large size and regular size which you can check our for FREE just use your licence to hold the game.  We played corn hole,  life size beer pong and Jenga love that there is finally a place to hang out and you don't have to gamble.  There is no gambling licence here.  All games are free. My biggest complaint besides service is that it's not maintained well at all,  I feel like this Palace in the next year is going to be a dive. It's very unfortunate as so much money went into the building and the potential is amazing but if someone doesn't come in a clean up its going to need a new remodel ASAP.  The women's bathrooms could already use it,  the out door patio heaters,  trim, booth seats in the restaurant and general cleanliness.  The downtown grand next. Door is a great. Example of a quality simple reno and they maintain the quality. We will go back,  we did have a great time with great. Company. We did like that we could just hang out and it wasn't a club.  The indoor and outdoor options are awesome.  Fire pits out side and a mini "ice rink"  skating is, 10$ I would not bother.  The idea is great but synthetic ice does not make for a very smooth or graceful skate. Parking is limited but there is free valet next. Door at Downtown Grand.  Go have fun.
4	Always a good place to visit when I'm in Vegas. The place starts getting pack around 11-12 at night on Friday and Saturday. The vibe is pretty chill and they usually have a Dj playing. There's always fun games to do with your friends. The giant beer pong cups, giant jenga, checkers, etc. There's a lot of beer and drink selections as well. Not a lot on the tap but a good amount to get your drink on. Drinks are pretty cheap compared to the other bars in Vegas.
5	This is by far my favorite hang out in town! The atmosphere here is amazing no smoking in side no gaming fun and friendly I've meet so many cool people here. Looking forward to inviting more friends to check it out.
5	Been to Gold Spike several times last night was the first time we ate there.I've found it had to find Vegan food options in Vegas and was surprised to see several on their menu.  The portabella sandwich was so yummy!  All of my friends that ate as well were super happy with there food.  They also have a huge collection of hot sauces which my man was stoked to try.  Looking forward to eating there again soon!  Thanks Gold Spike Grill
4	When you think of a lounge, you think of a place with a dancefloor, right?Not so at Gold Spike.Board games are the name of the game here, along with a diner, shuffleboard tables, and a wall of hot sauce. It's different, but that is by no means bad.
5	This place is a pretty cool place to chill. They've converted the old casino into a bar/lounge where you can come hang, grab some drinks and play games. Inside, they have comfy couches, beds and bean bag chairs you can sit/lay on, as well as tables and stools in the bar area. Drinks here are pretty cheap (most shots and beers were 5-6 bucks), although it gets crowded so you may have to wait a while during the busy evenings. There's also a restaurant/cafe in the back, where the food is pretty good, although I've only tried it once. They have darts, foosball, bags/cornhole, giant connect four and pool inside that you can play. They also have board games that you can check out to play. The DJ played mostly hip hop and top 40 music.There is also an outdoor patio area that includes a stage where a live band usually plays on weekend evenings, an ice skating rink for winter and a small bar and snack/concessions area. The band was pretty good and the sound was excellent for a small set up. I've been here a few times and have had a great time. It's a cool place to chill during the evenings or watch sports during a Sunday.
5	This place is cool. They have a gigantic bed that is really fun to lounge on and 5 super big been bags and tons of games. They even now have these cabins they built in the back that you can rent if you like and it is next to the only PLEXI GLASS Skating rink I've ever seen. Everyone that works there all the way down to the security guards are super friendly. It is clear that the owners and/or managers have a cool outlook on things and have made a point to make everything (about going to the GoldSpike) great.
4	Zappos party HQ. They've got a great bar, tons of life size games (connect 4, corn hole etc.) and late night food. Awesome place to stop by when you're Downtown LV.
1	This place is like my worst nightmare. I had an open mind coming here, even though I kinda knew the jist of this place was a lounge/bar with board games. I hate board games. In fact, I loathe them. This was like being stuck on a cruise ship and the only thing to do is board games. My Jameson & Ginger Ale tasted like toilet water ( I assume it was the ginger ale from the gun) and the bartender was less than friendly. Not to mention, the parking lot was a joke, literally 30 spaces, maybe. One way only, so getting in and out was a delight. I never want to come here again.
4	Service a little on the slower (and understaffed) side, but other than that, I am a fan. Great spot to unwind after a day with great happy hour specials and decent food. I'll be back!
5	Ok this place is super COOOOL!!! Fun atmosphere, games, connect 4, pool, hacky sack and outside area WITH AN ICE RINK!!!
4	Ruben has been wanting to check the improved Gold Spike out for a while, but I've been hesitant - what was there to see? Well, I was wrong! It turns out I've been to Gold Spike during a Superhero Pub Crawl a couple years ago. The only thing recognizable now was the bar! What used to be a casino is now comfortable Love Sacs, modern furniture and decor, a bed, and various games. It's quite the transformation.After admiring the area, Ruben and I settled down for a few games of Tic Tac Toe with a large version set on one of the tables. As we continued to venture, we discovered shuffleboard (deck version), cornhole, billiards, life-size connect four, and more. We also played a game of connect four, which we really enjoyed!Another neat feature is an art installation by Miguel Rodriguez. You peer through curtained slots while sitting at a "bar" and it's neon paint and objects against a black backdrop. You may also be able to go inside?The best part of this newly renovated Gold Spike is definitely the "Backyard" as they've coined it. Complete with synthetic grass, patio furniture, fire pits, additional cornhole games, life-size jenga, life-size beer pong, bullet trailer, and "Cold Spike," their ice skating rink. Admission is $10 and skate rentals are $5, but I read that this is an all-day price like The Cosmopolitan. The rink looked nice and it's large compared to the others in town, however, I heard that it's not really ice! Which makes sense why they haven't shut it down yet and have no plans on closing it for the season until they figure out their next move (the attendant shared that it's possibly being converted into a roller rink). The furniture was rather dirty, so I didn't take the chance of sitting down, but we really enjoyed a game of life-size jenga! Make sure you wear shoes or run quickly when it falls! Overall, really cool place to chill with friends and grab a couple drinks. The only mood killer was the smell!! It reeks of bad bathroom freshener that was trying really hard to mask (rather than eliminate) odors, but failed miserably. It was hard to stay inside for a long period of time and you could still smell it while in the Backyard as well, though not as bad.
1	Hi Gold Spike. Your establishment seems to put a bad taste in my mouth every time I set foot in it.Get your staff in check. I've eaten at your diner many times since you've reopened. Never to be acknowledged in order to be seated- then wind up seating myself and my friends at the bar inside the diner after a solid amount of waiting time and attempting eye contact with a server. Then STILL get no menu. It's like everyone who works here is overwhelmed- and that's YOUR fault not your employees. Especially **** over at the bar. He's in a very bad mood and not really trying hard to hide it. You suck. I seriously hate the gold spike ever since you guys took over. Major Bummer. Heard you pay the bands well though. Too bad I don't even want to watch my friends play when you book them because it's such a college frat underemployed hipster nightmare! Every time All the time!!!!!
5	i love how such a cool and fun spot was built in the space of one of Downtown Vegas' original hotel/casinos.80's and 90's kids' childhood nostalgia meets vice of current age at Gold Spike. daybeds, love sac beanbags, and lounge chairs to relax at. a DJ spinning current and 90's dance hits. life-size Connect 4, dartboards, pool tables, bean bag toss. board games and card games you can check out and play with your party back at one of the tabes. and that's just the inside.outside, there's a life-size Jenga and life-size beer pong, as well as an ice-skating rink (no idea if it's a permanent fixture or just something for the wintertime). more patio furniture, firepits, and heatlamps. even a band that plays live music.the crowd is great here. the drinks are delicious, and you don't have to fight through a mass of people just go get an order in. you can forget (and enjoy) that you're not at one of the night clubs which are filled to capacity with all the bachelor/bachelorette parties or the 21st birthday celebrants or the young and crazy college kids that don't know how to hold their alcohol. you don't have to get on some sort of guestlist where the guy-girl ratio has to be a certain way. you're not waiting in line for hours or paying an exorbitant cover charge. you're not restricted to a small portion of the club's total space because you want to dance to some grooves.the Downtown Vegas revival looks bright with attractions like Gold Spike, the Container Park, Insert Coin(s), etc.-civilities.
5	I meannnnnn. Anyone who knows me knows this is my favorite spot in DTLV. Love the decor (couches + beds + bean bags), the space (it a converted hotel lobby), the price of drinks (sangria, well drinks), the music (both inside and out), the crowd, and the games (everything from life-size jenga to shuffleboard to cornhole)! You can literally bring anyone here and everyone will find something to like about it. We even got hooked up with coffee on a cold night @ the Diner! Used to be a hidden gem, but now becoming pretty popular. Still love it.
5	Went here with a group of people for husbands birthday. Had never played cornhole before and it was so much fun. Lots of variety of games. Place gets really packed. Live band outside, Dj inside. Even have ice skating. Free games, free entry, but drinks are typical prices. Kind of disappointed they dont sell buckets since mostly groups go here. Just for 3 beers each for husband and i its almost $20 and whats 2 beers going to do. Staff here wasnt very friendly though. But overall great exp overall. Even have 24 hr grill and the food is good and its cheap. Would def. Recommend but only to people who like to have fun
4	Fun place with lots of indoor and outdoor space!Pros: tons of fun games (giant beer pong, cornhole, giant jenga, darts), indoor space is very open, heat lamps and fire pits all over outside so it stays pretty warm even when it's cool out, live band outside, indoor and outdoor barsCons: there were 2 dart boards inside but there was only 1 set of darts, outdoor area gets pretty crowded, this place is pretty large but there's only 4 girls bathrooms and the door was missing on one so the line gets loooong If you're in the downtown area, this place is definitely worth checking out.
5	Wow Tater! One of the best mixologist down town!! If you're down town you have to stop by,  you won't be disappointed! Perfect Atmosphere, great food and service!
4	Most memorable stop of the night. I love how there is no gambling just drinking, music, games, and super cool places to chill. They also have an outdoor area with fire pits to relax with friends or listen to a band play. GOOD TIMES
4	I woulda never expected a place like this in Sin City. In fact, if it weren't for a friend we wouldn't of known of this place. Super relax, place is similar to a lounge.  Open area, large bar, ice rink (say waaaa'?), fire pits throughout the back area, life size Janga... Man, I can really dig this place.  Gold Spike also has their own parking lot so that's a plus.  I know where I'll be next time I visit.
4	This was a really fun place!! I think that it is awesome that something like this is in Las Vegas. Instead of a casino, this has been completely re-done into a fun lounge/playhouse for adults.There are so many fun things here- Life sized Connect Four, huge beanbag toss, shuffleboard on the inside. Lots of beanbag chairs and seating areas are pretty plentiful. There's no waitress service, but there is a big bar and a few mini-bars around. The main bar is pretty busy, but the bartenders move quickly, so there wasn't too much of a wait.The best thing about this place is outside! I think that it is called "The Backyard." I really wish that it hadn't been so chilly, because I would have loved to explore it more. I saw life-sized Jenga, more beanbag throws, beer pong, playhouses, a skating rink and a guy singing with a guitar! They had space heaters around, but it just wasn't enough to combat the chill for me. There were lots of people out there, but I am a punk when it comes to the cold!There was also a DJ spinning some pretty fun songs. I love to dance, but I didn't see many people doing it. Maybe later in the night, there's more dancing? It would be great if so! I know that there are other rooms/areas that we didn't get to see. I can't wait to come back when the weather is warmer!
4	I walked in here with no idea as to what it was and what it looked like except that it was renovated from a hotel and there are apparently life-sized games.My first impression was that Gold Spike is HUGE! There is so much space and plenty of room to walk around, mostly because it was a Wednesday night. We literally just walked in and explored. There's shuffleboard, this ball-tossy game thing (multiple stations), foosball, life-sized connect for, life-sized jenga outside, darts, 2 pool tables, and a little ice skating rink outside as well. There's also a random room with neon everything and a blacklight that makes everything glow. I don't really understand the point of that but it was fun to look at with 3D glasses none-the-less.The drinks are so affordable compared to most other places and since it wasn't busy, we didn't have to wait. I imagine it would take a while on the weekends, though.There's a huge cushioned bed near the entrance and several clusters of comfortable seating, including giant beanbags!My favorite area was probably outside because of the fire pits, life-sized jenga, and random giant golden snake statue. I can definitely see myself hanging out with friends when it gets warmer out! Be careful of the jenga though - it has splinters.Sorry my review is a little unorganized. This was basically my thought process when I was there all "Ooh look at this!" "Ooh look at that!" and "Let's go play outside!" Gold Spike is basically an adult's Chuck E. Cheese.There is also a little cafeteria which apparently has good and affordable food, which I haven't tried. I'll be sure to try it next time! Apparently, the weekends have a dance floor opened up and some pretty good DJ's so I'll be sure to come check it out then as well.
2	My friends and I have given this place more than a couples tries...EVERY TIME we have been in the bartender service had been THE worst in the ENTIRE city. They are all slow. They ignore you. They aren't particularly friendly. We are locals, we go out a lot downtown, we are great patrons. But this place has disappointed us on service EVERY TIME! I only give it a second star because of the originality on the back patio and size of the lounge. The service is SO BAD that I gave to mention it one more time. We finally will not be back again and will give the other bars downtown our money.
5	Wow what a fun place to play and let your inner child out with giant Jengo, ice skating, and much more.  Even the grill had good food.  The kale salad is the best I have ever had, the jambalaya had a nice kick and they have good Belgian beer for my beer snob BF.
3	The food was good. And the prices were really good for the quality of food. But the late night service out by the billiards area way awful. And it took 30 mins for burgers. And even longer for med rare steak and fried chicken. And non of our food came at the same time. Not to mention we were the only people eating a 12 am wed morning. Then the server decided to split our check in a weird way and we didn't even ask her to split it. And I hate waiting for water refils, kind of makes me crazy. Only a 3 for bad service.
5	As an old time Vegas resident, I've had a very good view of downtowns transformation and Gold Spike is quite possibly one of the most visual representations of that. I never knew how to describe Gold Spike until one of my friends called it "an adult clubhouse" which is perfect. When you come to gold spike there's everything to play. Inside there's a DJ booth, dance floor, bean bags,giant connect four, a pool table, and giant shuffle board. If that's not enough there's a whole area outside. While the inside has it's DJ booth, the outside has its stage area where bands play, there's seats for groups, an ice rink(which may or may not be temporary) and GIANT BEER PONG!!!!!Gold spike is really one of those places that you have to come to and has become sort a meeting grounds for all of downtown. You never have a bad time and if you are, you go to a different part of the bar and it's a whole new vibePS: if you ever need a quiet place to hang out during the day, gold spike is very good for that. I've ridden my bike here before midday and just grabbed a few drinks and just relaxed
5	Last night was my first time here!Such a cool, spacious, hip place!Oversized board games (like Connect Four, Jenga, etc), Trash Pong (aka oversized beer pong!), and an ice rink! I like how you can hang out indoor or outdoor!   Great music and our bartender was quick and attentive to our every need!Wouldn't mind coming here again if we're hanging out downtown!
4	I've come here about 3 times had had different experiences depending on the night. (all good, just know what your looking for. The team is modern, edgy and everything is oversized. They have a lot of the usual games you would play at a backyard bbq, or dive bar: darts, corn-hole, shuffle-board, beer pong. but everything is giant sized. for instance instead of red cups on a table, they use trashcans painted red+ a volleyball instead of a ping-pong ball. It's really fun and all free. I ordered food, because I was drunk and hungry, but wasn't that impressed so I would stick with the beer and games. on tuesday nights, you have people lounging on the giant beanbags studying with the free wifi. mellow music plays you can do whatever game you want.Fridays, and saturdays its crammed full of people. They play club music inside, and have live bands out back in front of a silverbullet camper.Definitely recommend this place if you don't want to spend a lot of money, but still want to have a good night
3	Chili cheese dog ranking is a 7 out of 10.  Monica at the counter who helped serve us outside was so nice and kind.  She truly appreciated our business.
1	I remember when this place was actually rad...now it's turned into a YMCA for the tools of Vegas. What happened to this gem?
3	This place is interesting. From the perspective of an adult that is really a big kid at heart, it's right up my alley. When you walk in, the atmosphere is super chill. There is a bar on one side, and pool tales, a sitting section, game rental (games like Clue, Scrabble, etc) in the back, and a giant bed. Yes, you heard me right, a giant bed, smack dab in the middle of the place. It's actually quite comfy too, to be honest. Anywho, there is a wide variety of things to do at the place, ranging from tic-tac-toe, to giant beer pong. (Beer pong that uses barrels and basketballs.) Luckily, no beer is in the actual barrels. Ew. Anyway, there is a vast variety of things to do there and while you are sober, it can be pretty fun for an hour or two. I imagine if you were drinking it would be even funner, but the downside is, like everything in the Freemont area, drinks are expensive. A beer can cost 6 dollars and I don't even want to know what actual liquor costs. I also went during the middle of the day (around 3:00 p.m.) so there wasn't a large amount of people there. I imagine it can get pretty packed, but the place is fairly large and has an outdoor area complete with more lounge sofas. They are also comfortable, just like the bed. For those of you who want to ice skate, there is also a skating rink there, which is $5 dollars a person. I can't speak for their cafeteria, since I didn't eat there.
5	Great atmosphere!  Quick and delicious lunch. Thursday's are great with Virginia working! :)
5	I thought I wrote a review for this place. But I guess not.Drinks: Moderately priced. Well, pricing $$$ is at a downtown price.Food: I ask the most ridiculous way of cooking my food. Uhm extra eggs with that burger? All hot sauces please? They do it, so tip well.Entertainment: Games? OMG Giant Jenga? Giant beer pong? live entertainment? Let's just all hang out here!Service: The servers and the bartenders seriously become your friends the first food/drink they serve. They're just THAT friendly.Parking: Good luck finding parking on the next door lot but if you can't, down the street.
4	This place is awesome if you're looking for entertainment! Pool tables, corn bags, shuffle board, darts, comfy seating. It's bar food with a good set up. I recommend ypu try it!
3	Awesome place to hangout, good drinks, music and games, great concept. The food is horrendous, and that's why it gets 3 stars. Not a veggie or even a chicken burger option, no paninis, the fried fish sandwich, onion rings and steak fries were all smelly oil soggy and grosse. This place needs a decent kitchen and a way better menu, should learn a thing or two from Rachel's Kitchen next door.
5	I love the games and entertainment!  Nothing like enjoying some drinks and playing giant Jenga or corn hole. Super fun, I recommend this place to anyone like me who likes to drink and do stuff!Bartenders are friendly, cool atmosphere. Bathrooms always seem to have issues though.
5	Always a delicious meal! Though this is my first review, this is one of dozens of visits here.Fiancee is enjoying the Steak and Eggs, and he is enjoying them to the fullest! I have decided on the usual eggs Benedict, which is as perfect as ever!We are being taken care of by Pinto, one of our favorites, who regrettably is leaving to start at the Boozery tomorrow! Another exciting moment today was that the owner, Mr. Hsieh, is doing a walkabout with our honorable Senator Harry Reid! What a fun breakfast adventure!
4	This just may be one of the coolest bars I've been to here in Vegas.If you're not feeling like taking your friends to a dive bar and having a night full of deep meaningful conversations, take 'em to Gold Spike. GS boasts a burger restaurant inside, jenga game which is as tall as myself, giant and regular sized connect four, pool tables, dart boards, shuffle boards, cornhole, giant sized beer pong, a synthetic ice rink, table shuffleboard, and a photo booth.Along with all of these awesome bar games, GS has a decent beer list with several good brews on tap including one of my personal favs from Brooklyn Brewery. The beers are reasonably priced from a Freemont standpoint and even on a busy night the bartenders are on their game and serving them fast.On my last visit I came with a friend who specifically wanted to partake in a cornhole tournament they were putting on that he read about in one of the local magazines. Upon calling GS to ask if the tournament was still on, he was met with the puzzled voice of one of the bartenders who had to go ask management about it. The bartender confirmed the tournament was on, so we jetted down there. $20 for a team of two gets you in and on their playoff bracket. There were eight teams competing that night and we admirably did our best and got knocked out of the first round. Afterwards we tried some of the other games around us and pretty much had a blast the entire evening. One drawback we unfortunately discovered  was the fact that there were only 5 cheap plastic darts in the bar which I suppose were supposed to be split between two dartboards, but we made do anyway.
5	It was a Vegas Saturday afternoon like any other. My head was in a fog, my words slow, mouth dry and I was back on the prowl for a little hair of the dog, seeing as it was the only way to set things straight. As we stumbled into Gold Spike I was pleasantly surprised by the tranquility of the place. No ringing slots, no flashing lights and barely a soul in the room - a much needed escape from it all.Drink in hand, we walked around the "playground" built for giants. Giant Jenga, giant beer pong, giant Connect Four and my favorite of the bunch, giant corn hole. Seriously, this was exactly what the doctor ordered! I wasted no time and grabbed some bean bags reminiscent of small bags of potatoes and proceeded to whip some ass while barely breaking a sweat. Actually, I didn't even break a sweat in the cool comforts of this air conditioned oasis... just drinks and bags, drinks and bags, drinks and bags. Not a bad Saturday and truly a great place to mix up the Vegas routine a bit.
4	I have never seen the pre-renovation so I have only seen the post-renovation and WOW! It is modern, fun, entertaining, clean, relaxing, & that feeling where I am at a big house party.  I loved that they have this huge california king sized bed in the middle of their lounge area.  They had a place where you can sitdown, I loved their games that they have all over the area.  It kind of brought me back to childhood memories, they had hop-scotch, they had connect four, etc.We went there on a Firday night and wow was it packed! It was a very mix crowd and they even had a dj playing at his booth.  Great place to hang out!
5	So much fun. Defiantly go!
4	I've heard so much about this place and I finally made it here lol. such a fun place! You will never get bored. Games, booze and friends...all winners in my book. Games are super sized too! After playing bunch of games and drinking. They have a cafe serving some bomb ass food. especially, for bar food...it's exceptional. Go to gold spike, Take a night off from the real world and being grown. 4 stars-
5	Vegas is an amazing place! Yet, once in a while you need a little break from those darn money eating slot machines and blood sucking tables.Gold Spike is a chance to kick back and play some friendly games that doesn't involve losing your ass.Of course, there is a bar, but its all about the games. Normal games your used to playing... just giant versions.Giant Connect Four, Giant Beer Pong, Giant Jenga, and I'm sure there is a few more that we missed.Our group of 4 spent our time sucking down Vodka sodas and playing a round of Giant Corn Hole.Had a really good time except some annoying kid kept trying to interrupt our game. Fuck him.Also, there was a restaurant we didn't get to try. But judging by their hot sauce collection, I'm sure they are cooking up something good.
4	Fun atmosphere!! Great place to hang out with friends and play some jumbo sized games!
4	This was such a fun place.  I had friends in town from LA and they loved this spot too!  The outside area features a great lounge spot with live music all night.  There are overgrown games to play out there as well: barrels and a small b-ball for beer pong, large sandbags for giant corn-hole (yeah i said it), even plastic ice-skating for $5!  The interior of the place was pretty chill, low couches/lounge areas, good music and fun people watching.  Drinks were reasonably priced and the vibe was really casual.  Get there early b/c the line gets long quickly. This place is perfect for large groups of friends looking for soemthing entertaining to do on a budged.  Great spot that will definitely become a new hangout!
5	Bottom line.... off you want to have a good time... this is definitely the place you  want to be!!! Prices are not bad for a downtown bar and the life size games are definitely a must have!! I would definitely recommend everybody to go here!!!
4	I think the Gold Spike is uber swank, I like it here. It reminds me of the Bay Area. Had a private tour of the room renovations and an explanation of the "vision" for downtown. Wait and see I say, Vegas is reinventing herself every chance she gets.The crowd here is business/professional/casual/hip at least it has been every time I have been in. Again, reminds me of the Bay.
2	late night spot to have fun in the DT area. but the service detracted from the fun. pros:- fun: pool tables, bean bag toss, etc. the mood was definitely very festive and fun- roomy: plenty of space to spread out and lounge. lounge chairs and tables. i liked the furniture- very mixed crowd- plenty of parties - birthdays, bachelorettes, etc- no cover! at least i don't remember there being covercons:- almost put glass in my eye. no, seriously. i was waiting for a drink at the bar, and one of the bartenders was way too rough with the dirty glasses, a glass exploded and shards of glass flew out. a few pieces flew towards my friend and i, and one hit very very close to my eye. the further disappointment? the manager (it seemed like he was the manager) was right there when it happened. he asked me if i was okay, and that was it. he didn't really check further than that, and he made no offer to compensate OR APOLOGIZE. the bartender who actually broke the glass DID step up to the plate and did try to make us our drinks ASAP, but that was it. is this the type of service i should expect from any bar??? i don't care, i've been to some hole in the wall dive bars, but this was beyond ridiculous. - who do i need to bang to get a drink???? my friend and i must have waited for a bartender to notice us for nearly 30 mins at the bar. if glass hadn't flown towards my face, i think i would have had to wait another 20 mins for a bartender to even notice us. it was total chaos at the bar! if i wanted to wait this long for a drink, i would have just walked to the nearest liquor store, had a few swigs, and STILL been waiting for a  bartender to get us our drinks. - bathrooms were a mess. i'll admit it, drunk girls are slobs. this was pretty nasty. and with only a handful of stalls, OF COURSE, there was a line. would i come again? no.
5	Awesome idea for a bar with giant games we used to play as kids!  It's a fun change from all the slot machines and roulette tables.Friendly staff with happy attitudes that add to the experience.Saturday nights are my favorite days to go - Live music!  Sometimes they have bands from Hawaii, which really brings out the nostalgia for those who now call the "9th Island" home.The food and prices are pretty descent considering it's bar food.  The only con to this place is that they have a tiny parking lot and limited street parking.  But the fact that they even have a FREE parking lot is a plus!  If you can't find parking here, you can always park at a nearby casino.If you wanna have fun in a chill environment, this is the place.  I'm definitely taking my friends here when they come to town!
2	cool bar , lots of games, kindve too pricey drinks for being so close to the strip.  terrible bartenders....the girl who books all the DJ's and bands is a huge asshole who stiffs them from time to time, so if you're an artist of any type, i urge you to boycott this place.
4	Awesome place, trendy, cool, quite, great food, over 100 hot sauces, great music, tvs, darts, free wifi, and all for a very good price.
4	Ok so we came in for a late night business meeting... It's loud but business is getting done... Sitting in cafe waiting on food ...we ordered hamburgers, hotdogs, and Tuna sandwiches...Kinda nice while we were waiting I went to the bar and got tequila shots... Enjoyed them while waiting for food...
2	My wife and I found this place the last time we were in Las Vegas and thought it was pretty interesting . Nice outdoor seating and fun oversize games.Decent food .This time we returned with a large group of people to share this experience with . There were about 8 of us and I entered first no problem . A few more entered no problem .I looked back and noticed a commotion at the door with a few remaining friends . I returned to see what it was all about . I was informed that they needed ID to get in .Being all in out late forties this seemed kind of odd and also no one else was asked for ID when they entered.After some heated discussion with the doorman  we were told this was a rule and he would get the Manger .As I am standing by the doorman a little guy looking like  Ceasar Milan  "bar whisperer " comes out and whispers in the doorman's ear . " which ones forgot their ID ?"The doorman motions to my two friends and he proceeds to explain this is  a law and he has to follow it .I ask him why no one else in our party was asked . No real explanation was given . He says there are metro police in the back and I could talk to them to get the OK . I was more than willing to talk to them . I press him for the OK to talk with "metro"he ignores my questions ,and eventually storms off in a little fit .Not sure why they seem to pick and choose who they let in as it was quite empty .I had heard that Zappos rents all the rooms and it is just locals who hang out their ..We were really looking forward to having a few drinks here ,but after this treatment  I will never return  . For a better better choice Check out the Golden Nugget for nice poolside lounge seating and lots free of live music at the front bar .
5	There no argument that i LOVE the Gold Spike. I've stayed here when the hotel was open and the rooms were modern and comfortable. Now that the hotel section is closed they removed the casino and turned the place into a "hang out" . Its a big living room with chairs, counches, beds, games, drinks and food!! Where else in Vegas can you come just to "hang out".....dare i mention the ice rink for skating
5	Everyone was super friendly. I went on a Sunday around 2pm it was super chill until a group of like 20 people came in screaming. Try the bloody mary! It was the best one I've ever had. The bartender said he made it from scratch not sure if that was true but it was still awesome.
5	I love hanging out here... Great atmosphere. Very different from the normal vegas feel. The drinks are good, the bartenders are friendly.
2	Don't ask for darts!!!I want to first say that I have had many positive experiences at the Gold Spike in the past, but last Saturday night was not one of them.  My wife and a friend of ours head in to have a drink and play some darts. We noticed someone is already playing at one of the boards so we go to the bartender to ask for darts for us. She tells me that she has no more darts. I ask her if some got lost or if there were any more in the back possibly. She then tells me that I need to understand that darts get lost and there is nothing she can do about it and that I need to quit asking. At this point I'm completely shocked and say to her, "I'm not just some drunk tourist I really don't appreciate your attitude." Her exact words back to me were, "You're about to become a drunk tourist and you can get out of here if you don't like it."Now, I can understand completely that Saturday nights are busy but to give someone attitude and tell them to leave simply because they were asking for darts? By the way the bartender's name was Heather. If you're at Gold Spike and Heather is behind the bar taking your drink order I would think twice before assuming her service will be friendly!
1	Just went to the grill here and our presence wasn't even acknowledged. They weren't even busy. We walked up the hostess said have a seat-didn't offer any menus or a warm welcome. And after sitting for about 5 minutes w/out being serviced we decided maybe sitting at the counter may be a better option. We sat down and again there were at least 2 servers and a busser still no hello or a menu. Made eye contact with the cooks-still nothing. So after about another 7 minutes we decided to leave. How hard is it to greet someone and you WORK IN THE SERVICE INDUSTRY? Just flat out rude. I went there b/c I was in the area and the yelp reviews. Never again!
2	Overpriced food. They were out of a lot of common items like cheese. Blamed it on being busy it was Saturday night/Sunday morning after all. Took them like 5 minutes to find us some menus. I would  never go again on a weekend. Noise level basically the same as a school cafeteria and the food tasted like it was from a school cafeteria as well in others words really loud obnoxious partiers and school cafeteria food with subpar service with a frown. The rest of the place is  cool if you just want a drink. And maybe a quick game of the many games available (see pics and other reviews). The backyard can be cozy with the fire burning when the weather is cool. That is all good. The cafeteria brings this place down. Bar great, food bad. Pass on this place and hit up Magnolias inside the 4 Queens instead which also offers 24 hour dining. Then maybe come back for a drink and a game of Jenga.
2	I really want to like this place, but they charge way too much for drinks. It looks swanky and cool, and definitely has a bay area feel to it as some other reviewers have said. But this isn't the bay. This is Vegas. And as a Vegas local, I don't expect to pay $8 for a beer unless I'm getting a lap dance with it. As I nursed the single beer I ordered, another pair came in and was shocked to be charged $20 for a round... so I know I"m not the only one who experienced sticker shock. The bartender seemed like she was very used to people being turned off by the price of drinks.The whole place came off as pretentious. It would be awesome if their prices were reasonable, but I don't think I'll be back anytime soon. There's too many options here in Vegas and this place is a bit of a ripoff. It's a shame because it really had potential to be great.
5	Everytime I come here I have an absolute blast! Heather and Fred are by far the best bartenders. Always ask for one of them they'll make your experience at Gold Spike unforgettable and fun! Heather has the greatest sense of humor she'll make sure you leave smiling and happy
5	This is a fun spot. The drinks are fairly priced ($6-8 for wells), there's lot of room, there's games, the music is usually good (inside and outside), there's a food truck, there's plastic skating, and no cover. It gets pretty crowded after 11pm on weekends.
1	*THIS REVIEW IS ABOUT THE RESTAURANT IN GOLDSPIKE ONLY*I wish i could give this bitch ZERO stars cuz that's all she deserves with those ugly AF eyebrows and stupid pierced dimples. We went inside for something to eat. NO ONE else was in there(now we know why). Ask the bitch if they're open "yeah", asked to see a menu "NOPE!"*turns and walks away*. THE FAK?! Grabbed a menu anyway and sat. Took the order very rudely making it obvious she doesn't give a rats ass about us. Then when she was FINALLY coming with the food, she stopped food in hand and started talking to the cook right in front of our table. Like HELLO gimme my food first. After that- NOTHING. No service. When we got the check we left her a couple cents in hopes that she will hopefully get some two cents about the service industry. Sorry hun, maybe you should be a trash lady, at least itll Match your trash attitude. NEVER AGAIN. I'll skip this any time I'm back in Vegas and i definitely don't  recommend anyone take the chance.
4	Awesome music, they had a band outside and a dj inside. Drinks are cheap. They have a food truck, games, and an ice rink. Some dude fought a girl there last night, so that's one of my only complaints.  And the bathroom was packed and gross by the end of the night.
1	So the night started out ok, as soon as the bar got slightly busy all went downhill. My party of 4 waited about 45 minutes to get water and close out our tabs. Not to mention the first bartender we asked to take care of us responded with a short "I'm done" and didn't even bother to tell another bartender to take care of us. Good intentions horrible service. And how could I forget the drunk belligerent who tried to fight my friend while the security was "mingling" with a employee. Obviously not a service minded establishment.
4	Loved this place! I actually came here two nights in a row! Fun games, great chill vibe, good food & drinks! I come here every time I'm in Vegas & just want to do something off the strip.
4	Had a lot of cool things there music is great just somewhat a younger crowd. We're going to try a different night.
5	This place is so great I'm planning a wedding rehearsal dinner here. Ask for Joe, he's the man!!
4	This is a great place to hang out, have some drinks and play games.  It is hit and miss as to how crowded it will be, but for adults looking for some good music, good drinks, lots of entertainment, this is the place to go.This was our 3rd visit to Gold Spike and each time we have had a great time and have never been disappointed.If you are down on Fremont, stop in, toss a bean bag or go outside and play some Jenga.  The only way you will not have fun is if you don't allow yourself to...
5	The old Gold Spike is actually where my wife and I got married. This place goes back like four flats on a Cadillac becoming a staple of downtown. After being bought out by Zappo's and completely redoing the main floor; what a change of pace. And an establishment without gaming machines? Not the norm when it comes to Vegas but definitely a nice little change. They now have TONS of games for your entertaining pleasure from oversized Corn-Hole to oversized Jenga, Connect Four and Beer Pong. There's darts, shuffle board, board games and even a trippy blacklight room with tons of designs and stuff. The drink prices don't break the bank and the eats are half decent. Don't go there looking for a steak or lobster but if you're in the mood for wings or a burger to help soak up the alcohol they will get the job done. I think the key here is that here you have the ability to just play some games and have fun hanging out with your buds. The outdoor patio area is a great place to meet up w/ your friends and unwind. There's PLENTY of seating to go around. They also have mobile heaters for when it's colder out and sometimes they have a bar outside in the patio area too.Smoking is reserved for the outdoor patio area only but is nothing we're upset with being we're ex-smokers lol All in all we ALWAYS have a blast when we stop in at the Gold Spike!
4	Always fun when you're with friends...beer pong & games were cool..not a bad place to chill at
5	This place did very well. My French Dip was delish. And my server... Brittany I think her name was, was very attentive. My drink was always full. Everyone had an awesome personality. Would definitely come here again.
5	One of my go to places downtown. They have free entry and some times a line at the door. I love that I can go here and relax, or I can go and get drunk, or even just go and play games. They have so many options for activities and so much room. I actually didn't realize then had the outdoor area until my second time going there. As for some of there games.. they have connect four,  jenga, twister, giant beer bong, corn hole, and even some pool. Inside they also have a bunch of chairs, bean bags, and even a bed with pillows. my friend almost fell asleep on the bean bags, however security was quick to wake her up. To keep her up we played huge tic tac toe for like ever! Not sure how she could even sleep with a DJ playing!!! It's more a place to hang out and grab a drink then a place to dance but it still happens in little blasts. White girls trying to twerk!! YAY!! They also have a band that plays outside that gives out FREE BEER. It's free and it's beer, what more can you ask for. They have a couple bars, the one outside takes the longest it seems but they have $3 PBR and tiny cups. Super fun place that I recommend to start or even end your night at.
5	Love this place.  Food is amazing. Morgan helped us and she made sure we were good and was super friendly. Games are amazing. Cheap drinks.  Awesome
5	Such a comfortable setting and amazing bartenders/ bar backs. Thank you for a great experience and attentiveness.
5	Wow! The service at the gold spike is FANTASTIC!!!!! I had John as a bartender. He was on point! I didn't know what I wanted and he basically read my mind and made me the perfect drink!! Super friendly  and nice! Great dude! The food is great, got the french dip the meat was perfectly cooked, the bread was toasted just the way I like it and the fries perfectly seasoned. What a great lunch!The atmosphere was fun yet relaxed there are games to play, or you can just bring your lap top and work on stuff. You defiantly need to check this place out!!!!!!!
5	Gold Spike is so much fun - a great place to relax or make it a hangout if you want it to be. There is so much space and plenty of games going on. Even on crowded nights that I've been there, it's not suffocating and you can still get in on the games. (Oversized cornhole, oversized beer pong, darts, foosball, oversized jenga, oversized connect 4 - the list goes on!) I feel like the atmosphere is great - I have been with groups of 6-8 people and you meet other people when you're playing the games. It's a friendly environment between strangers!Also, the cafe is a good spot for some grub. Pretty evenly priced, which surprised me. Angelina was our server the other evening and she was very attentive, and accommodating. I had been to Gold Spike for drinks and hangouts before but the food pleasantly surprised me.Just be safe when walking to your car! Security at Gold Spike is pretty attentive to the surrounding area, but I am always extra cautious downtown.
2	Games were run down. I had fun playing darts and tiny big jenga. Overall, good concept but poorly executed. Have yet to try the food.
5	I am a local and I can not believe I haven't been to this gem before!!! I will recommend this place to everyone I know!!!  Gigi, Addias and Rickey were so awesome and down to earth!!! They are amazing and I wish all their employees were like them!!!
5	What a lucky find!  Breakfast was great.  Service was great.  Price was great!  We'll go back, for sure!
4	Im a fan of this place, a cool and trendy place to hang out with people from out of town, drinks are a little pricey if you order the wrong things. But the beers are very well priced, the spirits are a little bit pricy. I can really go here once a month. But when i do go its a fun time. The bands that play are different but enjoyable
5	Wow!!! Can't believe we just discovered this place. Great place to get some work done, play games with friends and drink beer. Thanks to Angelina, our service was amazing!!! She was wonderful and checked on us the whole time.Thank you :)
5	I am the C.O.O./co-founder of Cubic Solutions LV, LLC and have grown up here in las Vegas for 22 years and knowing my high quality restaurants eateries and dine-ins for this establishment takes the cake with service. Immediately I am welcomed to sit anywhere, I am allowed to relax and work if I need to or just enjoy the day within the inside or outside areas. Morgan, April and Monica are by far my favorite of the servers who attended my food and drink needs but they go above any service I've known by asking how my day is going allowing me to speak without judgement and they truely make me feel comfortable by asking questions and listening. They check on my drink constantly and all I can say is WOW. Way to go for setting a new service standard! I will always Conduct my business here and recommend Goldspike to everyone of my clients and employees
5	Ok, folks this place is a true hidden gem.  Inside the old Gold Spike, is a great place for Breakfast and lunch.   Prices are good, food is great,  atmosphere is comfortable.   Staff  are friendly and a kick in the pants.
5	So in love with this place I decided to have my husband's retirement party here on a Thursday night.  I tried to plan something out and then decided to just have everyone show up.  We ended up with 40+ people who had a blast playing games, listening to the band, drinking, eating and just hanging out.  Kids are allowed in until around 10 so it was nice to have them be able to attend.  THE perfect night!!
3	I like this place,  but the bathrooms are disgusting. There is never toilet paper, they were out of soap last time and  they had no paper towels to dry hands. Other than that, the little cafe is pretty decent and the drinks are cheap.  Good times can be had.
5	Awesome experience with the bartender! He is awesome!! Named Joe! I will Always come back if he's working!!!! Absolutely amazing customer service!!!
3	I had high hopes for the "new" Gold Spike.  Last time out, it was a run-down casino with little excitement inside.  Now, it's a nicely renovated gaming establishment.  By "gaming", I mean the bag toss games, giant chess & Jenga, etc.  No casino games that we could find.  That was a bit puzzling, but we accepted that soon after arriving.The place wasn't crowded by any means, but all the games were occupied.  That created a very strange atmosphere.  What do you do there when all the games are taken up?  Belly up to strangers and declare "I got next!"?  Meh.  Sit at a table with a beer while you talk a game waiting for folks to leave?  Hmph.This place has a lot of promise.  The concept is solid, but the execution needs to be worked on.  There's a lot of open space for people to mull around, but there's nothing to DO for those folks.  There could easily be some blackjack tables in areas, or some slot banks.  Clearly, gambling isn't a priority here.  And that's fine, but it feels strange.  More games (bags, shuffleboard, etc.) could get more people to stick around longer.  We hung around for one beer, a game of bags, then blew out of there.The crowd tended to be more of the younger, "hipster" crowd.  Perhaps if that's your thing, you'd rate this higher.  I yearned for more availability, more fun, more action, and some excitement.  The band that was playing was pretty decent.
5	Gold Spike Grill is a great diner in downtown Las Vegas.  The food and the interior design are simple and refined.April and Morgan are some outstanding servers.  They handle the morning shift with aplomb and skill.  April is a tall redhead who is very gregarious.  She is the kind of redhead that would make a bishop kick a hole in a stained glass window, as Raymond Chandler would say.  Morgan is an elder stateswoman of the restaurant.  She handles and executes service promptly.  She excludes gracefulness covering all the tables.  Tony and the Downtown Project are lucky to have them.  My only suggestion is adding strawberries to the steel cut oatmeal.  I love this place.
5	Honorable mention here is the staff.   Morgan, Monica, Lorenzo, Jake and Chef Mark... These people make a difference....
5	Goldspike is definitely the gem of downtown Las Vegas. With its great location (surrounded by parking and off the main path), awesome food (definitely try the nachos), and great premise, this is the place to be if you are in need of going back to your childhood, but mixing it with alcohol. Brought here by friends for my 28th birthday I was pleasantly surprised by how big the place was. We played the giant connect 4, giant jenga, and giant beer pong (noticing a theme?), and I even tried my hand at some darts (I sucked). Couldn't tell you how much food or drinks was since I didn't pay, but the waitress came to our table with refills whenever we began to run low.The music was great, with the dj playing top 40 hits as well as some classics with a reggae twist.  The people here were super friendly and they had a live band that consisted of some guys from Canada who could sing/play their hearts out.The bathrooms were very clean and the food was piping hot. I thought the addition of girls going around the room hula hooping was dope.Can't wait to come back, best birthday ever!
3	We had a good time playing the giant beer pong and corn hole last night. However, I think there needs to be a whiteboard or a chalkboard to sign up for games or something along those lines. Too many people trying to keep the games to themselves for far too long and quite a few knuckleheads in attendance last night.What do you mean there's no smoking in the bar? Yeah, ya can't smoke here.
4	Where else can you find an adult playground in Vegas? I've been here on weeknights only so I'm not sure how weekends are (I'm assuming extremely crowded) but I enjoyed coming here the past two Monday nights. Ambiance is very chill and relaxed as opposed to a fast-paced, obnoxious crowd on the strip. I liked that it was away from the loud music on Fremont street.There are bean bags, comfy beds, chairs to lounge in. A bar with attentive bartenders. Play pool, foursquare, jenga, giant beer pong, etc. It was a nice getaway from the chaos on the strip & Fremont street, for sure.I don't recommend parking at their vicinity though. Just find a hotel, get it validated or simply pay half of what you'd pay for the Gold Spike parking, which is $10. Say wuuuuut. No thanks.Overall, it's a nice place to relax, drink, play games & hang out with good company.
5	I was throughly impressed since the exterior says casino & I know this place is old... I was expecting a dumpy, dark, filthy casino. Ended up being one of the hottest night clubs I've seen. There's Giant connect four, Giant Jenga & 3 games of corn hole, Pool tables & fast service.Went there to meet some friends at their going away party, they're moving. I really loved the atmosphere. I would go back again just to get out the house. I hate large crowds and it was a Friday night when we went last week. Loved how spacious it felt.Music was really good, the DJ was fantastic also.
3	Drinks are overpriced and pretty weak. The music selection is incredibly white-college-kid-trying-to-be-gangsta. The crowd is, well, once again, white-college-kid-trying-to-be-gangsta. It's one of those joints where everybody tries to act thug life, and yet nobody is at all intimidating. That might be because I'm old school OG -- or whatever kids call it these days. The atmosphere is "fun", but the novelty of the games wears off quickly. You end up standing around, watching awkward kids pretend they're in a club, and wondering when the drunk idiots at the foosball table will be done. Worth it if you don't feel like trying at all, but... eh...
2	I gave this place a second try and tried to like it.  it is fun, but only for about 30 minutes,   drinks are way over prices, I ordered a pitcher thinking it would be cheaper than getting pints, nope, 28 dollars before tip for a pitcher, that fills about 5 pints of beer, so it's cheaper to pay the 5 dollars per pint of beer. so then you play pool for a few, get bored with that, go out side and play shuffle board or what ever other novelty games they have out side, realize it's too damn hot to do that, head back inside and realize there is really not that much to do there.  it's almost like it's some strange interior design project where mr zappos let interior designers run wild, and you end up with a chaotic space filled with things that are supposed to be sat on, but are not too good at being sat on.  It's fun to visit once, but thats about it.  poor beer selection, over prices drinks, and "fun" that only fun for about an hour.
4	Fun place to drink. So many things to do and they're tech friendly
4	Reasonably priced drinks and lots to do with groups of friends. Down-side to all of that is it's hard to get groups of drunk people to "share" or take turns on the games. Just gotta be friendly and hope for the best! I always run in to at least 2 people I know down here. For me: it's my kind of fun.... I would rather be here than at any casino. It's a go-to for us.
3	I love the vibes and games available here but the drinks are horrible and overpriced.
5	The diner at the Gold Spike is amazing. Monica, April and Morgan are excellent - they took care of me SO many times in the 3 days I was in Vegas at the Gold Spike. Lorenzo and Leon are great chefs - they run great, efficient kitchens that turn out delicious food. Give these guys a raise!
5	It's a great place to go on the weekend. My favorite part is the diner the food is great, prices are perfect,  and service is amazing.  My favorite server is Kristy.
3	Pretty young crowd. Drinks are good but service tends to be slow. Don't plan on getting in and out of here quickly.
5	Great place to hang out with friends and play a game or just hang out.Started coming here with my gaming friends, the tables are big enough for tabletop games and the waiters will come to take your order anywhere in the "Living Room." Angelina has been our waitress the last couple times and has been great.Outside is the "Backyard" which has a ton of kids games for grow ups, and lots of seats. Once again.you can get a drink or food no matter where you sit the waitstaff will bring you libations.
4	This is a great place to hang out and come with a group. It was my first time here and I loved it. Here is my take on the place.Exterior: From the street there is really nothing that makes Gold Spike stand out from other small hotels and businesses downtown. There is a small parking lot connected to the building which I'm sure is for hotel guests and staff. There is also a large parking lot across the street which is owned by them also but the parking is not free and can get pricey from what I have been told.Interior: The interior is modern and upscale, I love the changes they have made to the place. When you walk in there is a security booth to your left, a giant lounge bed and seating area in front of you, and a bar to your right. The security guards are just your average big guys off the street and do not look on the professional side, they are more for show than anything as there use of force will be limited, I know this as I do security. The lounge area looks amazing and is a fun place to chill with friends and play some games or just relax, and the bar I will get to later. There were a couple more secluded sections for those who want more privacy which added a nice touch. The bathrooms were spotless which I'm sure will make the people with germ phobias happy.Outdoor Area: The outside area was where the majority of the fun was. There was a live DJ when I was there and lets not forget about the giant games. Giant Jenga, giant beer pong as seen in my photo, giant shuffleboard, some giant game I think is called corn hole, either way it was badass! I will be returning for the games alone and did I mention it is free to play them?!?Bar: The bar was decent with a good selection of alcohol to choose from. Service was a little slow as they were packed with drunk businessmen telling stories about random crap and they only had two bartenders on hand. The reason I am giving them 4 stars instead of 5 was because the drinks were not worth the price, they came in kids size plastic cups (smaller than your average red cups), and I got charged for some other groups beer also and the bartender got upset when I wanted their tab returned to my card. Do I look like I buy drinks for random strangers?
5	Great laid back place to hang out. Encourages you to look away from your phone and interact with people. Very friendly staff and great service! Love the "Downtown Dog" at the grill but you have to get it as a wrap!
5	Can I just say that I've been to many clubs and lounges both on the Strip and Downtown and I feel like Gold Spike is the ultimate chill spot to go to. Great music, fun games, & attentive and fun bartenders! (Big shoutout to Will who made those Midori Sours pretty bomb & to Brittney who made amazing Pineapple upside down drinks for me and my two friends all night long! Super attentive, gave us great suggestions for drinks & was wonderful to talk to! THANKS GIRL!) Overall a great atmosphere & definitely one of my fav chill spots to hangout with friends and meet new people in DTLV!
1	This place is a joke!! Try'd to talk to any managers at that place all day and some how they have a excuse, a lady called Krista that works there should be fired!! Her customer service is terrible and straight up lied to me...
1	The bartender lost my credit card!!! I had a tab open and when I went to close my bill he hands me someone else's credit card. He got my credit card mixed up with someone else's earlier in the night and gave away my card to another customer!!! It was a huge fiscal I had to cancel my card on the spot. I asked to speak to someone in charge and apparently they don't exist. They are rarely on property.I was given the number to management whom I then called several times and didn't hear back for two days later. They offered no compensation for my inconvenience or their lack of professionalism and customer service. I am disgusted with what transpired that night and advice everyone to be ware when opening a tab with this establishment.
5	BEST LOUNGE/GAME ROOM IN TOWN....heck, it's the most down to earth & fun place in LA/OC or Las Vegas.The ability to socialize with a variety of people, listen to live music, play a variety of fun FREE games is all right in one location.Good drink prices, plenty of space and no attitudes.FYI, I have been to this place 3 times and each time, I have a good time.
4	What a cool place! Giant Jenga is a blast and I always love when Hard Candy plays live! There are outdoor and indoor games too. This is definitely one of the more up & coming hot spots on Fremont, especially for locals. Not just a sit down and talk bar, very interactive and you feel like a kid again with all of the backyard games. I love all of the remodeling the have done. Can't wait to see how this place progresses this year!
4	If I'm ever in Downtown Las Vegas and it's at night and I'm with friends I'll most likely be at Gold Spike. One of my favorite Downtown places to hang out and definitely have a good time.NO COVER, always a plus. Free ways to entertain yourself. There's usually a band or DJ playing outside in the huge back area where it's just awesome. The giant game of Jenja, great game just beware of toppling pieces. The giant game of beer pong, to bad the cups aren't filled with alcohol. haha I'd probably earn myself a trip to the hospital after one game. Four square game. Giant game of chess. Darts, corn hole, shuffleboard. etc. There's a two bars, one an actual full bar on the inside and another one outside which is smaller. If it's busy at the inside bar their have servers walking around in the inside or maybe go to the outside bar. Drink prices aren't to bad, not cheap but not expensive. Haven't ate there. Lots a places to relax. Large bean bags. A bed right in the middle for when you find that nice girl and can't wait.Small parking lot and does get filled but you can park at the Downtown Grand or any of the other businesses nearby.
5	I had a blast a the gold spike great customer service came in and had lunch on Monday and Monica was the greatest Thank You Monica for being so nice and I couldn't decide on what I wanted to eat so I let the waitress pick for me and she did a great job great people skills Thank You Monica
5	I recently attended the Life is Beautiful Grills and Guitars event here.  I work downtown and often walk by the Gold Spike.  I had know idea what a neat place it is.  I thought it was a casino in the inside but it is not.  The area has the vibe of super community centers with all types of cool stuff to do.  The event was in the back area which is really neat.  It was setup up for the Grills and Guitars event but I've seen big chess sets back there and other games.  The Gold Spike has a very fun vibe to it.  The people in the bar area seemed very relaxed and were enjoying themselves.The Grills and Guitars Life is Beautiful event was fantastic.  All of the chefs were very friendly and interacted with everyone.  Of course the food was also out of this world and very good.
4	Surprise! This is not the dingy, dark, smokey, depressing, outdated Vegas bar you might expect from it's basic facade. They've spruced the place up with quasi-classy lounge furniture, and GIANT versions of cornhole, darts, and foosball. Sticking with the larger-than-life theme, they've got huge bean bag chairs, an outdoor lounge area, even a bed to chill in. While I personally don't love hanging out in bars during the day, Gold Spike was an okay compromise because they offer something other than drinking to pass the time. The place is somewhat of a complex, with a bar and cafeteria-style restaurant inside (which features an entire wall of hot sauces... like 100 varieties... random cool gimmick!) If you need a little A/C and a cheap drink, Gold Spike is a surprisingly nice place to get the job done (though, still lacking the sunlight that all Vegas bars shun).
5	This place is so freaking fun I mean they have beer pong that is the size of real garbage cans they have chess is the size of a human being they have a JENGA that is the size of a human being they play the best music ever that you need to have your Shazam Application out at all times and the drinks are and the service is pretty spot on so fun so amazing right in downtown Las Vegas...not to mention underneath every single bar pub stool you can charge your phone or multimedia device!!!   JACKPOT!  Plus it's SMOKE FREE!!!!
2	Interesting place. It's like recess for adults. Giant jenga, giant corn hole, giant beer pong, bean bags, board games.  Didn't try the food. The bathroom was super clean and nice, and the whole place had a really nice smell. But the bartenders suck, they were rude and only paid attention to a group of young women.
1	Being a local we came here last night on Halloween to chill since we didn't want to deal with the craziness of the strip or even Fremont St. The place is clean with reasonable drink prices and human size games which is a nice twist. We got there around 9:30 and was able to find some seats in the backyard patio which was nice because there was a live band and a bar outside. Besides that we had 2 waitresses serving us so that was pretty cool to not even have to leave our seats.Around midnight a staff member named GiGi approaches us to let us know that we were sitting in a VIP area and if we wanted to stay there we would have to pay $600 for bottle service. I told her that we've been there for hours and have probably bought 8 rounds of drinks without the servers ever mentioning to us that we were in a VIP area. Her excuse was the waitresses were "NEW"and didn't know. I'm sorry but that is not our problem when you can not train your staff properly, you don't have any reserve signs, nor is the area sectioned off with a velvet rope or security, and on one of your busiest nights of the year your staff does not know where the VIP section is. GiGi thank you for ruining our night. If we had known before we had already bought all those drinks through your waitresses and at the bar this review might have been more  pleasant. We went there to get away from the lines and bottle service bs. Plus no where else in the whole damn place did I see bottle service.Update: Some of my  friends stayed and said no one sat in their "VIP" area at all that night. If you didn't try to force bottle service on us we would have spent more $$$$. Oh well maybe you'll be more prepared next year and train your staff properly.
1	Lame! Sat there at the bar for over 10 minutes and no service. At least I got to take a leak.
5	Loved it!!!
1	My girlfriends and paid to take a photo in the photo booth and the camera was turned to the wall. I asked 4 different people to help us or at least give us a refund and every person told me to ask someone else for help. After waiting over 20 mins we gave up. Extremely upset with the horrible customer services.
4	Board games, table tennis, oversized chess. Pretty cool. A little old and just an okay beer selection, but definitely worth visiting.
5	This has become a regular haunt for myself and my friends. We normally go hang out while the bartender Joe is working. He makes the best bloody mary/maria mix you'll find for miles. The staff is friendly, the venue is cool, and drinks and food are great and reasonably priced. My friend and I sat at the bar for hours and didn't even realize. We asked if they had any unique hot sauce for our chicken wings, and they proceeded to bring us over 20 unique bottles from all over the place. I will be a regular for as long as I'm here!
3	I have been to this place twice now. The first time I went on a Friday and had an absolute blast, there was a live band, fun games to play and the entertainment was fabulous. I just went again this past Saturday and had such a horrible experience. There were drunk men everywhere hitting on people left and right, they literally made a tunnel to get into the door to go inside and were grabbing peoples butts and making comments, I felt so uncomfortable. I will go back because I love this place but not on a Saturday  late night... to many drunk idiots.
4	I love this place.  It's a great place to chill, play some life-size social games, grab a drink and even eat.  It's 24/7 great place for a chill date or hanging with friends.  Life size beer pong, corn hole and shuffleboard to name a few.If you are in downtown come here.
5	I wasn't planning on going to this "Good-luck on your new job" party but O.M.G--- I'm glad I did! I'm not much for drinking (in public) since I wore out my "inebriated welcome" in college. So with much partying out of my system I don't look forward to loud music, large crowds and wild daubachary. When I got there, the place reminded me of a much subtle DAVE & BUSTERS. Who plays school-yard games while drunk?! Rarely giving into peer pressure I decided to sip on something to get my friends off my back. One straight coca-cola turned into rum & coke, a few fireball whisky shots, 7 & 7's, and various other drinks from slick male friends saying "Hey, Oona. Try this!", and I was feeling pretty good....Feeling buzzed and winning at a game that involved sand bags, holes and much focused concentration I ran into a stranger with a jar of maraschino cherries. After making the stupid cherry joke from the movie Grease, I let her put one in my mouth. WTF?! Why would would I take candy from a stranger? Not only that, who know's where her hands have been?! Within a few minutes I felt really wierd. ---Like I had 3 back to back shots! Was I being roofied? I told my friends I didn't feel well...well, I wasn't feeling bad either. Feeling like I was about to black out and be date raped later on that evening, I had to at least know what to tell the police the next morning, so I asked nonchalantly, "So, uhh...what was in those cherries?" Her boyfriend admitted that they were soaked in MOONSHINE! WTF?! I didn't care that I could possibly black out and be violated, I just cared that it's not regulated by the health department! Holy crap! Isn't that stuff made in people's bath tub?! Next thing I know, she dumps the cherries on the ground and walks away! Why would she do that?! Is she destroying evidence? I got super paranoid and all of my friends begin to stand around me and ask me if I was ok, and then taunted me about how I wasn't going to be able to pass my annual drug test at work. I took a picture of the cherries as evidence just in case my urine came up dirty so I could point to the picture and say, "I SWEAR! I DON'T DO DRUGS--LOOK!" After about an hour I started to feel a little better and stopped taking shots. What time is? One thing about the Gold Spike is there is no concept of time. I'm a person that's in bed by 8pm so I'm used to going places where the later it gets, the less people you see! Here--it was the opposite. It was 3am and the place was PACKED. After random guys started circling my seat, looking like they were going to ask me for the "digits" I decided it was time to go. It was now approaching 4am! Where did the time go?! I could have continued this adventure by going with my coworkers to get breakfast, but all I kept thinking was the last thing I wanted to Yelp about next was how I barfed my scrambled eggs.Overall I haven't had THIS MUCH fun in a really long time. I laughed hard, played hard like I was at recess in grade school, and drank hard like I was back in college. I will definitely come back to Gold Spike again. It was a good time. P.S. Thank God, I woke up in my own bed, un-roofied!
3	No more shuffle board.. such a disappointment. They added more seating area which is cool but shuffleboard is AWESOME! no more bean bags.. maybe the drunkies just spilled too much on them . GRR.  Its a cool hang out. Non-smoking inside which is a nice change from most places in Vegas. Plenty of games to check out. Drinks a bit over priced. Good food in the cafe.  Its a nice change of pace.
4	Gold Spike is this little off-strip casino that I never would have thought to go to. It's down off of Fremont St. near the Mob Museum. No street parking so you'll have to park elsewhere and walk there, which isn't too bad. The inside is obviously completely remodeled. They have a bar area, a "living room" area to hang out in, and the backyard area. Security guards check IDs and hover around a lot, not surprising since not that long ago this area was pretty seedy. Bar staff is pretty incompetent. Been there twice and both times the bartenders weren't paying attention and rang in something wrong, didn't even look me in the eye to take my order, and it wasn't even a super busy time to be there. The living room area is interesting. There's tables, a giant cornhole game in the middle, fooseball, pool table, and a Games area that has lots of board games under lock and key. You can rent them for free if you give them your ID, but NOBODY is ever there. I always end up grabbing random staff because no one will help you if you don't force them to. There's a trippy little room next to it that's some kind of "art gallery" but it's very tiny and pretty much all glow in the dark/techno light ambiance. Whole interior is super nice and new. They even have a random king sized bed you can lounge on in the living room area. Drink specials are not bad, not amazing. There's a restaurant in there too I've never been to. The bathrooms are hard to find, and nobody has a clear idea of how to guide you. I just use the unisex stall outside the elevators 'cause I don't need that kind of confusion.Outside has all kinds of fun stuff! Live band on the weekends, giant Jenga, fire pits, more games, and it's all fenced off so it feels pretty private. Really awesome way to start the night! I've played Cards Against Humanity there for a couple hours and nobody bugs you...not even to offer you a drink. So if you want to be left alone, it's good.
4	This place is so mix fun. The food is great and the people here are a blast. The only negative is they don't have deserts. This place screams s'mores and twinkee's but all they have is fruit. Regardless... Amaze balls!
5	Probably my favorite bar in all of LV. I say that as an incredibly competitive person, because Gold Spike is filled with all sorts of games and activities AND has good music, AND has good drinks, AND is large enough to hold the crowds on Fri and Sat nights. No pushing sweaty drunk people out of my way to get to the bar to get another Downtown Brown for me thank you. Give me a beer and a ping pong paddle and you've got yourself one very happy lady!!! You WILL have a good time if you come here. Life-size chess. Darts. Giant beer pong. Foursquare. Hopscotch. Connect Four and other board games. DJ Booth with ample inside seating that you do NOT have to reserve. My only advice is that you be very specific when ordering cocktails, e.g. Old Fashioneds. My first one was delicious and I specified Makers, the second one was made by someone else with Jim Beam and was 60% bitters, 20% whisky, and 20% some mysterious brown concoction and then was muddled and crushed and shaken into oblivion. Basically an entirely different drink altogether. Don't say I didn't warn you.
5	I'm definitely one of those girls that loves a good local spot to go to and unwind. Gold Spike is a good mix of the local crowd and small tourist feel of Vegas, but I would say definitely more of the local crowd. This is definitely one of my favorite DTLV spots to go to. Large and wide spacing, full bar, and has lots of "games" that I'm sure are even more fun to play when you're drunk Gold Spike located right in the heart of DTLV off Las Vegas Blvd and Odgen (walking distance from the Ogden Condos. They have an awesome backyard outdoors area aside from the bar inside... they have live bands play on the weekends, and they're famous or well known for their "life size" or jumbo beer pong, jenga, and bean bag toss. Both the inside and outside are well kept and clean... definitely has a hipster type feel to the place. They even pool  tables as well inside the bar, and on the kinky side, they have beds inside :)Lots of couches and sitting areas, and inside of Gold Spike they also have a 24/hr cafe. Now I've been to Gold Spike during the day time (around 3pm) for a business meeting and have eaten there from the Cafe. I actually ordered from inside Gold Spike lounge area (not near the bar) and I had kids with me... I was surprised I was allowed to have the kids. And I ordered the Portobello Mushroom and caramelized onion sandwich and the girls I was babysitting had chocolate pancakes. The servers brought the food out to us in the lounge and we didn't have to eat inside the cafe which I thought was awesome service! My sandwich was delicious and full of flavor, drizzled with a dark truffle sauce that sealed the caramelized onion and mushroom taste together. And the fries already came with ranch on the side which was pretty awesome I didn't have to ask for sauce. and the fries we cooked just right, not too hard and not too soggy. The chocolate pancakes are also delicious and just the right amount of sweet. We received great service all the way from the people serving us food, to the lady cleaning the fire pits in the backyard, to the security guard in the front upon entering Gold Spike... I had a great time coming here at night with friends for a few drunks and an even better time coming here during the day for a business meeting and was able to bring kids and still enjoy the place. Gold Spike is an awesome side to Vegas that if you wanna still party like it's 1999 but are tired of paying Marquee prices... Gold Spike is the place to be! Definitely a Local's Diamond in the  Ruff.
5	These guys were absolutely harassing us and Anne Marie took care of it she is amazing! The bar staff is great and everyone that works here is five star especially Anne Marie!
5	I went to my  one of my favorite spot in vegas on sunday I love the staff and especially Monica she is one of the best servers in Las Vegas she is  always smiling and remember what I eat last time I was in the Gold spike I gotta say the  spike is a hidden gem in las vegas
5	Gold spike is fantastic to chill, have a drink and play a game. Love giant Cornhole and beer pong! Bartender Brittany is amazing, super nice and has such a positive attitude, which at times can be rare in this city! Would love to see her working more often!
3	Honestly, this place was Eden to locals when it first opened. Nowadays it's super bro-like and bathrooms are filthy. Service is below average but the premises themselves are "okay". The games certainly make up for the lack of quality but I do wish the place was as awesome as it was when it first opened.
3	They definitely could use more games, but thanks for making my birthday celebrations awesome. Despite a few bartender who should probably learn how to make a simple vodka red bull, the service is as quick as they can be & usually polite!
4	Great spot during the daytime for meetings, they have wifi so you can take care of business!Great spot to hang at night, the place becomes a fun hangout spot!  There is pool tables, board games, a bar with darts and fooseball.  They also have the carnival bar now too.  If you're hungry there is a cafe inside too with pretty decent food.  Some nights they have a live DJ there as well.Outside in the patio area you can play giant Jenga, giant beer pong, giant chess or checker, ping pong tables, and/or enjoy a nice fire pit.  They also have an area for live bands to perform.  A lot of patio seating outside too to relax.
4	Had a great time here though I did go on a Friday and it was busy but still had no problem getting drinks or having fun. Four square jenga giant beer pong darts and corn hole with friends while drinking what is not to love. Only reason I don't give it 5 stars is it used to be a hidden gem now everyone goes there.
4	We had our christmas party here-good food/ good service/ great drinks fun place to be.  Parking was challenge for some but I will return for drinks and pool.
1	No parking. They have a parking lot but reserve the spaces for hotel guests only. What hotel guests?  Security is guarding an empty lot. Not cool.
4	What a neat place this was! It's a adult playground were you can act like a child but drink like a adult. What a great concept! If you like something different where you can play 4 square at 1 am with complete strangers and drink then this is your kind of place!
3	This was my first time at Gold Spike and I had a great time with a few friends. The line was short and we got in really quickly (major plus, because it was FREEZING outside). They don't charge a cover to enter either, which is nice. The inside looks like your standard Las Vegas downtown bar, but outside is where all the games are. They have 4 square, Giant Beer Pong, and Giant chess and checkers. Overall a fun atmosphere. Only drawbacks are that there need to be more restrooms (one of our friends became ill and there was a huge line for the restroom), and they need to add some outdoor heaters to make guests playing games more comfortable.
4	Since they have removed gambling and made this more of a bar it is MUCH nicer. I haven't been on a weekend, but the remodel is very much worth the extra price and non smokey seedy gambler's that used to be here.
4	great bar! super fun for bigger groups. all the outdoor games are really cool and the cafe was surprisingly good. drinks can sometimes be inconsistent though.
5	Was here about 1 am on Fri/12 Dec for my buddy's b-day:- $200 for Ciroc bottle service (only had Peach flavor, though).- $12 for steak & eggs (we ordered 4 of these).- 18% gratuity added in, I guess because we had 8(?) people in our group.- Tab total came out to $296.53 = $200 bottle + $48 food + $44.64 gratuity + $3.89 tax.  And tipped $50 on top of that (oops, should have paid more attention to the receipt, but had my Ciroc glasses on.  Fortunately, made it back at Downtown Grand blackjack table).- Also, earlier in the evening (eg Thu night) had a Diet Coke at the bar, it was about $3.40(?) + tip.- Will definitely be back.  $200 for Ciroc bottle service and I can show up in a T-shirt and sneakers?  I'd rather do that then blow triple the amount on a/The Strip club bottle.
5	What's not to love about Gold Spike??!? Cause honestly, I can't think of one thing I dislike about it. Whenever I think about DTLV, Gold Spike is the first place that comes to mind. I've definitely spent a substantial amount of time here. Once you go, you'll be hooked. First off, there's no cover...ever! And I've never had to wait more than 5 minutes to get in. This place has the perfect ratio of fun, games, alcohol and shenanigans. It's pretty impossible to be bored here. Giant beer pong & chess, CORN HOLE my personal favorite, darts, billiards, shuffle boards, four square (popular with the boys). Lounge on the comfy bed near the entrance or the ginormous bean bags while you hang out with friends. Or take a step outside to catch a breath of fresh air and perhaps a game of oversized jenga. Be forewarned, I am a jenga master, lol! Play me at your own risk :POverall I just love the vibe here. You can show up in a pair of jeans tank top and sandals and fit right in. Drinks are reasonably priced and the food was pretty decent. Burgers, sandwiches, wings. Typical but tasty bar food. It's a great place to take out-of-towners or just a cool spot to #meetup with friends. Helpful tip: Valet at The Downtown Grand, it's free and adjacent to Gold Spike. Very convenient.
2	I'm not a big fan of DTLV and I wasn't super motivated to check out Gold Spike after hearing the comparisons of it to dorm social rooms, but I ended up here with friends are big fans, so I played nice. The ambiance is odd. Kind of reminds me of a dated living room, but we had a nice time playing board games and having a few drinks. I think this was due to the company more than anything else. Once it started getting crowded, louder and a band started up, I had my fill and decided to head out. I see who this place would appeal to, but it's just not for me.
5	This place is a great bar. The service is always fairly quick for how busy it tends to get, although I mainly go during the middle of the week due to my schedule. Anyone complaining about the prices should just stick to their local pubs because this is a unique bar and most bars on fremont are pricey anyways. In short you can't find a bar quite like this and I am glad I did.
4	By far one of my most favorite places to hang not only downtown, but anywhere in Vegas. I've frequented this spot a handful of times and each time I leave happy as a clam. If you're looking for something unique off the strip or maybe somewhere new to take friends when they visit Gold Spike is definitely the spot! The atmosphere is very carefree with a laid back vibe; not at all stuffy or pretentious. Picture a HUGE hangout spot you can enjoy with your friends. And when I say huge, I mean they literally have HUGE life size games open for anyone to play...for FREE!! From giant Jenga, to corn hole, to chess and gigantic beer pong, there's plenty of good wholesome fun catered especially towards adults. Friday and Saturday nights are usually pretty popin'. But no worries, they have 3 full bars (two indoors and one outside) to get your thirst quenched. You can come casual, or dressed up, just make sure you're down for a good time!
