5	Multi-storey building chock full of books, all kinds of magazines, free internet and very popular. God bless government funded facilities.
5	Very impressive modern design.  If you are at all interested in architecture, check it out.  Bonus?  It's free.
4	It gets the vote as being the best library in Phoenix, but then agian it didnt have very good competition. I only dislike the employees about 50% to 75% of the time. At least they usually have what I am looking ofr I suppose.
5	Feel like staying at a 5-star hotel for unbeatable price in Pheonix or Scottsdale?  Hints: Priceline.com and 4th of July.  Phoenix is steaming hot around that time, so hot that you want to jump into a swimming pool and submerge till sunset.  But, if you know your way around the 101 loop, check out the Phoenix Central Library before dinner.The design of this library rivals any libraries in the world.   Tilt-up concrete walls to the east and west to reduce direct solar gain in the morning and afternoon; glass curtain walls to the north and south to bring more natural light into the reading room.  Phoenix Central Library is not only cool and photogenic, it also cuts the energy use to 1/3 of what was initially projected.  Did I mention free internet?  You can yelp away right in the library...
5	I can't help it.  I know I'm in the minority, but I still think kids should have to look up information with cards in little drawers, and they should have to know the Dewey decimal system.  Is this outdated?  Sure, but isn't the whole point of education learning HOW to learn?  So I'm a bit of a library geek.  Recovering geek actually.  That said, the first time I even saw the building for the Public branch I could practically smell the reference section.  It's that good.In all ways - this library rocks!  Quiet, without oppressive.  Computers for internet access, computers for searching.  Lots of seating for individual study and contemplation.  And their teen section is just amazing.  It's officially just for teens to have a private space.  What a great way to keep the library "cool" at an age where most kids start to zone it all out.  And great art collections too!  And for those of us who love the old stuff - they have an amazing section of historical documents where they will rotate those in view of the public in little cases - while others are available to be viewed only be appointment.  Wow.  Even if you aren't interested in libraries or reading, you have to go once just for the architecture and the amazing view from those window walls on the North and South side of the building.  It really is amazing.
5	Probably the most gorgeous library I've ever been in. designed by Will Bruder (SMoCA...the super modern-looking lime and yellow condos on university), I stopped in finally to kill some time post-work, pre-happy hour.It's uber modern, with shade screens lining the outside and tons of natural light inside. At the center are two glass elevators the rise out of a black-bottom reflecting pool on the ground floor. The center of the building is open all the way to the ceiling, and the 2nd-5th floors wrap around the open space. It's pretty breathtaking....and my only problem is with these neon, 80's-looking lights they have everywhere (lining the top of the elevators, as signs for sections like "periodicals" and "teen center"). It's like they were added as an afterthought by someone who thought all the design elements were nice, but too subtle, and they had to punch it up and make it look 'cool.' Disappointing.Also, on the summer equinox, or the first day of summer, there are specially-placed skylights that create the illusion of flames inside the library when the sun hits them at noon. I have to check out this phenomenon, but it is def on my list. Plus, they have a Rare Book Room, a room designated to AZ history, a photo art "gallery" (ok, it's a small room, but awesome) and a Book Art 'gallery.' For a lit/book/word nerd such as myself, this library is now one of my favorite places in phx.
5	Hands down one of the best libraries I've ever been to. The parking lot is large so you can always get in and out fast. The entire place is immaculate and well kept. The workers are extremely helpful and cheery. The view from the elevators is CRAZY AWESOME. What I found when I went was that the reading room is the largest in north america and the library was built 13 years ago. This place is pretty advanced for being over a decade old.Getting a library card has never been easier and I will definitely go back to read, write, or people watch. Kudos to Phoenix for a kickass library.
5	I love living so close to Burton Barr Central Library.  Five stories of books, millions of titles, it is heaven. Not to mention their CD collection, you will be hard pressed not to find something cool. I have checked out hundreds of CDs from here, everything from Mogwai to Charlie Patton box sets. It is a great resource for music, something I don't think a lot of people realize. (Be sure to check out the teen section on the 4th floor, that is where most of the good CDs are.)Their website has been redone, so now you can place holds (3) online and save items to your "Bookshelf" for future reference or to check out later. They will transfer your hold request to your location, too.The employees are all pretty friendly and very helpful, when you need it. I can't forget to mention the rare book room, the Arizona Room, full of archived Phoenix/AZ/Southwest history, and the many ongoing events and art gallery.Sometimes outside there are people wanting you to sign this or that petition, or the occasional person asking for change, but more often than not, you can walk in unmolested.I can't say enough good things about it.
5	Perhaps you've heard of the Library of Congress.  Nice Library.Burton Barr Central Library has a bigger reading room.Wil Bruder was the Architect.  You either love his work, or you hate his work.  I love his work!  And, this library is as good as it gets.Arrive in the sixth floor reading room a little before Noon *on* the Summer Solstice.  Ask a librarian:  They'll tell you why. [ah, the mystery....]
5	Yay Phoenix. You did this one right.I've always been able to find what I need. I'm not sure that I love or hate the architecture but I did read about it in Dwell which is always just a bit impressive. My only beef is...why isn't there a cafe? Does that make me a yuppie for wanting a coffee house in my library? I promise it's only cause I desperately need the caffeine! Either way...I love espresso and a good book. But this library is top notch if you ask me.
1	I love books, hence I love libraries. I have also heard good things about the Central Library. So when my friend and I decided to go visit Phoenix, we decided to stop off and see it. I must add though that the main reason we went was because the Travel Channel did a list of the world's weirdest bathrooms, and the bathrooms at the library came in second on the list. I know what you're saying too yourselves. That could be the lamest reason to visit someplace! Now that I think about it, you are probably right.The 1 star is for the bathrooms. The actual library gets 3 stars, because although the building is stunning, I found the inside to be disorganized and a bit dirty. Back to the bathrooms though. We went into the bathrooms and there was nothing weird about it. So we decided to ask the librarian what made it weird and he did not know what we were talking about. He then told us that if you look into a little hole in the wall dividing the entryways into the men's and women's bathrooms, you can see light from the fiber optics installed in the library. He then said it's probably cool for only about a second and that it definitely was not weird. And guess what? He was absolutely spot on.Now I don't know who to blame. Should I blame the library for installing something so dumb? Should I blame the travel channel for putting this on the world's weirdest bathrooms, or frankly creating a list of the world's weirdest bathrooms? Or should I blame myself for going to a library to see this in the first place? Ah heck, I'll blame all three.
3	This library is actually very fun for a library, check it out- bathrooms and all- and see why!
5	Libraries are a wonderful thing, now if folks would just learn how to pronounce the word library. ;-{)This library has such a good variety of books, recorded too. The video library is fairly good too. I also love the option of ordering a book to be ready for you when you arrive. The folks working there are consistently helpful.The building it self normally would not catch my eye as I am not particularly drawn to the modern aesthetic. Yet I find myself looking at the corners of the interior and its structure it is actually pretty cool.The parking too is quite easy.We are lucky to have such a place where cheap folk such as I can get a good book to read.
5	I've been to a lot of libraries - LA libraries, NYC libraries.  I love libraries.  Burton Barr rocks!  Yes, it's cool-looking or interesting or whatever but the best thing is the huge array of books.  One thing the Phoenix public library system gets right is the book collection.  They always have the latest titles and they aren't afraid to collect both recent Christian lit and Gay/Lesbian lit.  Any place that provides both for its patrons is a damn good library indeed!
4	I want to get into the rare book room so bad. *drool*I love this library. Except the fact that they keep all their graphic novels in the teen section. Even graphic novels that are probably not really for teens. What's the deal?They also strike me as pretty strict about book damage. Or....just one person is. I checked out one book that had a pretty damaged cover. I didn't think much of it, except that hey... it's a library book. They're all going to be in a state of disrepair. After I returned it, they assumed I'd damaged it and froze my account with a $25 fine. When I went to the counter to let them know that it had been that way when I checked it out, I had to talk to a rather bitchy employee who said "I don't think so. We don't let books this damaged go back on the shelf."Me: "Really? Oh...well.. I don't know what to tell you. It was like that when I checked it out. Somebody must have overlooked it."Her, in that I-think-you're-so-full-of-crap-and-I-hate-you voice: "We don't put -tape- on the covers of our books."Me: "Um, neither do I?"She rolled her eyes at me and said "I'll waive it this time. But if you return a book this damaged again, we're fining you.":(  :(  :*( Geez, my first encounter with a mean librarian.... and it's not even the hot naughty kind.
4	Who knew libraries could be cool? Well, I did, but it's been a long, long while since I've been to one. The internet and audiobooks have taken over my life, but it was nice to reconnect with the people.The architecture of this place is pretty damn cool, much better than the interior design, in fact. I love the view of the city, the glass elevators and the wide open spaces, but hated the open central area, which allowed noise to drift from the first floor to the FIFTH.What happened to people not talking in libraries? Oh wait, I was glared at for nearly a minute when I spoke in a tone above a whisper. I guess there aren't enough mean librarians anymore to shush people, as another patron put the fear of MOM in me by staying into the back of my skull to get me to shut up.Oh, and all I did there was work on my laptop. Maybe I'll check out some books next time...
5	i love the library. the architecture here is on point, the open floorplan is awesome for a multilevel building. its just awesome ok.i just wish i could find those damn books they say i have still. :\oh well.. at least i can still get in this place.
4	I enjoy this library. Its got a really open and modern feel to it. Its not one of those libraries that has a funky smell and dark corners. But to be honest, I do find those kinds of libraries somewhat comforting. (Except I have been libraries with stacks you could hide a dead body in and series of connecting tunnels that are downright frightening). Anyways, I digress. Modern libraries are a nice change and I imagine more inviting to children, this particular library appears to be very kid friendly. There are some good spots to set up with your laptop but I do wish there were more places to plug in. I do rather like sitting by the window overlooking Hance and staring off into downtown while I'm taking a break from my work. The stacks are nice and spacious and you never feel as if someone is going to sneak up on you while you look for something. You have access to a few satellite libraries through Burton Barr. It's a nice resource, as much of the materials that I am looking for are housed at the Heard Museum. However, and this is more of a fault with that library and not Burton Barr, you cannot bring anything but a notebook and a pencil in there and you cannot check out books. Its not very conducive to conducting the kind of research that I need to conduct. Like I said, its more of an issue with the Heard than here, but its still frustrating when the book I am looking for comes up as being housed there. I also find that they do not have some texts I would like, and I usually end up checking them out at ASU. I don't think what I study is that controversial that it shouldn't be carried in the public library of a major city. There is one big drawback for me. Nerd Alert: I don't like the Dewey Decimal system. I'm a Library of Congress system kind of gal. Its what I've know for my entire academic career. I find it unnerving when I don't get a call number that starts "LC" or "LB". The lack of letters freaks me out. It also means I have to take a moment to orient myself to the layout, whereas in other libraries I can just head to the stacks and know where I'm going. All in all it's a great public library and I'm glad that I can walk there from my place.
4	Phoenix libraries are crazy yo. I come from an area where libraries are quaint, hushed, puritanical affairs so when I approached Burton Barr I thought 'welcome to the thunderdome, max.' This place looks like it could take off and shoot into space, for real. The real gem is the sheer volume of books. I came looking for tomes on wine studies and left with 13 books. Can I possibly even read that many in three weeks? The aisles are wide and well lit, there is loads of natural light filling each high-ceiling-ed floor and the librarians are quite friendly and helpful. I didn't linger because my stack was weeble wobbling everywhere but what a cool place to come back and just get lost in.
4	This tends to be my main vein for my movie fix. They have an awesome collection of foreign and classic films that has yet to be matched anywhere in Phoenix. If you're looking for a foreign title that's in the Criterion Collection, chances are that you'll find it here. The great thing about this place too is that you get to rent up to five movies without having to return them for something like five weeks and you could probably spend your whole life doing this once a month and never get through all the films they have.Another reason I love this library is the architecture. It makes great use of the space and doesn't feel like an academic library. One random thing however is the odd Borg Cube-like sculpture that looks like it crashed in the main entrance. Overall, it's just an awesome building to be in and experience. Burton Barr is a really peaceful place if you need somewhere to study. There's an awesome view from the top story where you can get a great view of Central and downtown.My only complaint? It smells like homeless people in some spots. That sounded cruel, but you know what I mean.
5	I have a strange fascination with libraries.  I guess I just love what they are about.  I feel so lucky to have Burton Barr so close to my home.  I especially love that it's designed by Will Bruder.  You can see the similarities between this building and the ASU campus.  Anyway, besides the beautiful and seamless intertwining of the outdoors with the indoors, this library houses an enormous collection of resources.  There are multiple levels with both stairs and elevators to get you around.  There is a considerable sized computer lab that allows you to reserve a computer for an hour at a time using your library card.  You can find pretty much anything you could be looking for at this library.  It has a great selection of everything.  We are lucky to have such a cool place downtown.  Just watch out for the bums camping out in the area.
5	I really like this libray.In comparison to other libraries I have experienced, it has a pretty good selection of books on subjects I am interested in.The staff is always helpful.I especially love that I can look for and hold books online - very nice!
4	I really dig the modern architectural design and layout of this spot. This place is a totally cool space with a decent view and selection.This is another downtown Phoenix gem.
3	I like this library because it has a lot of books both new and old. I like the way they designed the place. I never been in the old library before they built this new one.  However, what I don't like is how kids are always running around, playing on the elevators, or sometimes yelling and no one, I mean, no one does anything about it. I thought that the librarians are supposed to maintain the silence within the library. They have a security guard sitting right there too. There's been a few times that I would just walk out of the library with out any books. Because I could not concentrate with all that racket.A library is like a sanctuary. A place where you can get away from the hustle n' bustle. Not to be annoyed by them dang kids.
5	This is a beautiful, modern library. It lets in a lot of natural light for reading. It was built to reflect Arizona's geology (sun, canyon formations, etc.) and you will notice the "canyon walls" feel in the atrium. The outside resembles a mesa from the side. There is a large collection of books (though you will find a more scholarly/academic selection at Hayden Library at ASU Main) and plenty of space for reading. Floor-to-roof windows cover the north and south ends of the building and whether or not you wish to do any reading you will get great views of Downtown and Midtown Phoenix from the top floor.
4	Very nice library. Good selection of books, competent staff, plentiful reading space and very interesting interior.
5	I adore this library, I could spend hours here. Libraries in general are amazing, you can learn, read, listen to music explore for hours for free and no one will bother you. This point of Phoenix pride is open, modern, and has a great selection.The staff is really friendly and helpful in the few times I've needed them they are always easy to locate. They have several self-checkout stations, but there is alwaysa line, it would be nice if they also had a few more, or were more proactive in helping those who seem a bit confused with the machines. I love the Phoenix Library system in general. I live closest to Yucca and frequent Burton Barr, both quite frequently (more in the summer when all I want to do is laze by the pool with a book). It is so nice to be able to check books out at Burton Barr, and drop them off at Yucca on my way to work or where ever I'm headed to. They also offer interlibrary loan, so I can request books to be delivered the branches closest to me. Super convenient! They also have a really great website to facilitate this all.**My most recent and exciting discovery is the Culture Pass, which is awesome and I can't believe I haven't heard of it before! You can check out a pass to one of several of the museums or galleries in the area. You receive a slip from the librarian that you take to the site and it is good for 4 complimentary passes! It's good for a week from checkout time, and comes with other discounts you can also take advantage of. I love it! My friends and I went to Taliesen West this morning- usually $27 each for the tour we went on- completely free! This is such a great program, I really hope that it continues even with budget cuts.It's a big, beautiful library, plus it's open on Sunday. You can't beat that!
5	I am writing this review in regards to the Culture Pass they offer. The Culture Pass is better than sliced bread and I hope they continue to do it. You go to the library, show your library card, and tell them what museum you want to go to. (There are 11 choices to include the Science Center, The Phx Zoo and Tallisean West, just to name a few) If they have the pass available(Go early on Monday for best selections)  for that particular museum they will give you a piece of paper that is worth 4( yes you heard me right, 4 free admissions!!!) this is amazing! We have used it so far and have saved over 150 dollars and have only used it twice.Can't wait to use it some more!  PS- be flexible. I went to a museum I  never thought I would go to because that is all they had left and it was great. You would be surprised what fun there is out there waiting to be discovered!
5	Sure libraries are almost irrelevant but this place is a Phoenix jewel for sure. The buildings outside is pretty nice, but inside it's a masterpiece. I'll spare you the descriptions of the glass elevators and the pools of water underneath ... but it's awesome, trust me.Outside of that ... the entire Phoenix Public Library system is first rate. My favorite parts: they will ship the book you want to the nearest library to you, you can return the book to any location and they allow you to renew your books on-line (they give you an email when it's due and you just click through to re-up, so basically you can keep it as long as no one else wants the book).First rate and awesome!
5	How can you not like the library?  Especially when its as cool as this one?  Ive been here twice now, and absolutely love seeing the arcitectural masterpeice that it is.  Made out of steel and glass, its a jewel of a place.  Glass elevators, reflection pools, and art throughout the place thats lovely to look at.If all the libaries were like this, people would come more often.  They have 5 floors, and each one has its own special purpose.  Will return in the future.
3	Burton Barr has such potential...but I feel that Scottsdale Civic Center beats it in so many ways. Burton Barr's interior and exterior designs make it an interesting and beautiful building. The glass elevators allow visitors to take in the full extent of this great building. Sure it's wumbo in size, but does that make it great? Not exactly. What I didn't find particularly enticing about Burton Barr were some of the core aspects of a library. For instance, it's HOT on the fifth floor. So much that I moved downstairs. The fifth floor also has a bad wifi connection and ZERO floor outlets for laptops. What the hell is that?!On some of the lower floors, the shelves of books are very empty. I stumbled across a corner in which up to 50 shelves were totally bare. Color copying isn't an option, computers are ancient. Oh, and the populous who loiter around the entrance bumming cigarettes make me hesitant to walk inside. Covered parking? Keep dreaming. It's not like we live in Arizona or anything.
5	I wish I could live here. The views are breathtaking, the architecture inspires confidence and pride and the library card this year is so cute! Libraries are not irrelevant, they have served a vital role in the development of the world and still have a place in the modern world. I'm the biggest supporter and user of modern technology and the Internet, but I could never undercut the value a good library brings to a community. Ours is over 280,000 square feet with 706,000 items spread across 5 floors. This library is a gem and makes me very proud of Phoenix.
4	Walking north on Central Ave. is how I stumbled upon the Burton Barr Central Library.  At first I thought that I was coming up on one of Phoenix art museums so I was totally pleased to see that this cool structure was the library.  Other yelpers have done justice with their description, so I can't add more there.One really cool feature of this library is the children's section on the first floor.  Walk past the reflection pool, heading south and you'll find an extensive children's section.  It served as a perfect and *free* place for our small party of toddlers to kill some time.  There is a low, curved bench with cubbies full of books which piqued our girl's interest.  The bench seat had various art embedded into it, providing it texture.  Another great part of the kid's section is the large, dark blue felt feature on the wall.  Several small, bright & colorful pieces of felt in the shape of familiar cats & fish and the unfamiliar coyotes can be be placed at will.  This is an idea I'll definitely steal! There is an adjoining courtyard next to that section.  It is enclosed with a curving tall fence, part of which is made with colorful sections of purple, blue, red, etc.  We weren't able to access it because they closed it due to mud.Minus a star because the main info desk and the kid's info desk couldn't help us find what we were looking for (a park just due west of the library), but that is minor.
5	I live closest to Centruy City library, but I love going to Burton Barr.  This library is and has been an invalualuable source for school work, previewing books I might want to buy, and just some me time to browse the aisles.  The architecture is amazing.  I love going to the 5th floor and looking down and riding the elevators is fun too.  I also love that I can manage my library account on line.  Renewing and requesting holds is very convienent for me.  Thank you Burton Barr.
5	Don't miss the friends of the library bookstore on the first floor, the inventory turns quickly and there are endless bargains to be had.  Join the friends and gain early entry (and discounts!) to their incredible semi annual warehouse sales(warehouse is at another site near central Phoenix) where thousands more books await! Bargain basement pricing - many books are $3-5 OR LESS.  In a league with the annual VNSA booksale, but not yet as well known.  both the bookstore and warehouse are shelved in sections so it is easy to navigate through all of the book offerings (library discards, donations and various media).   Best of all, with these kinds of book bargains you can happily donate the books back to the library for resale, or pass them along to others after you've enjoyed them.
5	For 30 seconds, I get to be a kid again riding up and down the hydraulic smooth glass elevators, with the fountain view. This is the best part about the library. The effecient energy oriented building architecture is probably one of the best example of civic offering from the City of Phoenix. There are plenty of parking also.For the real deal, the inside is spacious with plenty of good style seating spread apart. There are about 5 stories of books and media items you can  check out. It is a general purpose library and not meant to be as specialized as a university library. Being a Library of Phoenix card member allows me to go to any of their 12 local branches to check out items and I believe they have an inter-library loan process for getting books from other libraries or US universities. Also you can browse their catalog online and I believe there is also free wifi in all branches.For a general multipurpose public library, I can't ask for more.
4	This is the nicest library I've seen in Phoenix. I only went here for a few minutes, but when I got in, I just felt an instance rush of happiness like a kid. It's getting remodeled inside, but I can't wait to see how it'll turn out. I'll be visiting here more often since my work is relocating towards downtown area. The next time I come, I have to explore the place a little more because I only stayed in the first floor and I heard it was 4 stories. Oh...the glass elevator looks awesome!
5	I love this library! There are so many thing to see and do.
5	Here is another fine example of Phoenix splendid public works.This building is a vibrant hub of human interaction and learning. There is free Wifi throughout the building with plenty of well lit desks complete with a place to plug in your power supply. There are also public computers for anyone who has a library card and a little patience as there is a time limitand a place for users to line up when all the 30 - 40+ computers are all in use. See for yourself. It's free fun for everyone. Our Tax Dollars the way they should be spent!!!
4	I thoroughly enjoy this library, and feel as though it offers many wonderful services, especially despite many city-wide budget cuts.  The building itself is very modern in architechture, and has wonderful open floors with great floor to ceiling windows.  Taking a trip to the top floor and watching the city from the north and south facing windows can be an afternoon of entertainment in and of itself.  They also have wonderful individual workstations on the top floor, a very accommodating teen center on the fourth floor, and a very large children's area on the first floor.  As far as services go, there are plenty!  The reading program for kids is now offered throughout the year (not just in the summer anymore), there is the culture pass program (tough to get tickets, but cool that they're free), assistance with college applications and financial aid, classes to learn basic computer skills (free!), free internet access (on their computers or with your own wi-fi), and a really cool summer schedule for kids that is also free!  I also really like the email alerts that I now receive, reminding me when my books are due - this has saved me from late fees many times!  If it strikes your fancy, there is also a cafe and a small bookstore, though I have never frequested either.So why not five stars?  Well, in the end, this is a library, and place to find books and other materials, and considering this is supposed to be the main hub for all the Phoenix Public Libraries, I sometimes find  they are lacking in some of the information I am looking for.  Also, while I understand that money is tight everywhere right now, the hours are sometimes less than convenient.
4	This library is amazing.  Even if you don't read, its worth coming in and checking out just for its amazing architecture and views.  I mean, how many libraries do you know with a waterfall/pool inside? It is very tranquil if you are looking for somewhere to get away from it all and just enjoy your book.  (Or do your homework).  Location is excellent, being that it's right on the light-rail as well.  I don't know how anyone cannot enjoy a library.All that being said, I do have one criticism.  The people at the help desks are not the most friendly or helpful.  On more than one occasion I have asked for help, and received a  really sub-par answer, or felt like I'm being sneered at.  So as long are you not planning on talking to the help desk, you are in for quite a treat.
5	I love this place!  Lots of books, and friendly librarians can help you with whatever you need.  The new self check out machines are amazing you can put up to four books on the table and it checks them out all at once.  Especially helpful on a big trip :).If you need a quiet place to work or study head upstairs to the fifth floor, tons of books, and even better desks with plugs so you can plug in your laptop and work.  Make sure you take a break and enjoy my sons favorite part the amazing views.  He loves to stand at the windows and see everything.
4	Visited this library a couple of times prior to moving near the area 5 years ago.  Really liked the layout (five out of six floors are accessible to the public).  Can't recall if it offers wi-fi.  The staff that worked the checkout desk seemed very friendly and helpful when I asked for restaurant suggestions around the area :)  I became excited when one mentioned that a new branch was opening soon closer to where I would live- the Cesar Chavez branch on Baseline.  I thought perhaps it would be very similar to this 6-storied building.  I was truly disappointed when I finally did visit CC Library, as it turned out to be a one-storied daycare center for noisy teenagers and pre-teens waiting for their rides to come pick them up :(I'd hoped to have more opportunities to check this library out again, but I may have to wait for Yelp to throw a party out this way to make a day out of it!
5	Beautiful architecture, great selection, great art, librarians are very nice.
4	Visited Arizona with a couple of architect friends, so the Phoneix Library had to be a stop :)  The outside of the building isn't nearly as impressive as the inside.  But wowie, when you're inside, it's like a whole other world.  The details and attention to spacing are amazing.  Not to mention it's a LEED certified building (green building) which is pretty cool.  If not to check out books, you gotta at least check out the building.
5	This is a really great library and probably the best in Phoenix! Among the beautiful architectural elements, this place has a pretty descent selection of books and music. There are different levels of the building that gives a great separation. There are lots of areas that allow you to sit a read all the different books. There is also a really cool teenager room that provides a cool hangout for all the young folks. Haven't had any bad experiences yet. Overall a great place to go!
4	Reasons I love this place: 1. You can pay your fines online. 2. Up to 99 renewals of items. 3. Amazing views of Phoenix from the fifth floor. 4. This has to be the best air-conditioning in the city.5. Really modern design. 6. Huge laptop/study area on the fifth floor. 7. Huge movie selectionOne criticism: They don't have TV show box sets on DVD. I asked the library and she said it was due to budget constraints and fear of theft/losing a DVD in a series.
5	This is a fantastic library and a great spot in Phoenix. One of the few places in Phoenix that actually makes me feel like I'm in a city.  I love the building, the staff and the selection.  There is always something going on whether it be people watching either inside or in the parking lot, classes, book sales, etc.  I'm glad that I live so close to this library as I'm here almost weekly.
2	My review of Burton Barr will be based ONLY on their children's section and not the rest of the library.  I've heard wonderful things about all that the library has to offer for adults but I really only use libraries to check out books for my classroom.  Throughout my 6.5 years of teaching, I have acquired over 1100 children's books of my own.  Aside from the fact that I love children's books one of the main reasons I choose to buy books for my room rather than check them out is because the library is just so difficult to rely on when it comes to getting the books I need.I teach small children, so I am fully aware of how hard it is to keep things organized if kids are allowed to touch them.  But isn't the point of the Dewey decimal system lost if books are NEVER organized back to their rightful places on the shelves?  Every time I try to check out books from Burton Barr I have to spend hours looking for them.  The computer says they're checked in, but guess what - they're never where they're supposed to be.  I get that there are budget cuts and not as many librarians as we most certainly need in such a large section, but come on.  Stop worrying about the kids who want to play on the computers and start organizing the shelves!  According to the online system, the library has a wonderful collection of books to entice children off the computers and into the world of reading, so why isn't it more important to put those books in their hands and make them easy for people to find?Back in the day, I used to load up my class and head to the library for our first field trip of the year.  They made sure every kid was signed up for a library card before we went so they could all leave with a book.  I was always disappointed when we'd show up and sit through a puppet show instead of learning about how to use the library or why they should even bother asking their parents to bring them back.  Perhaps if they'd spent years teaching the children who visited how to use the library rather than entertaining them with a puppet show the shelves would not always be in the sad state they are today.
4	Burton Barr Central Library is the most beautiful and swanky public library I have ever beheld!It looks like a VERY upscale bookstore, and it's pretty amazing to know that everything is free.  Cool, neon signs show where the various sections are (e.g., teen central, holds, romance, sci-fi, etc.).  There are great views from the top (5th) floor, and you can get there by climbing the beautiful staircase or by taking the glass elevators.Other perks include attractive reading and studying areas as well as several computer areas.  The colors are energizing and fun.PARTING THOUGHT: If you go as a tourist, be sure to avail yourself to the Phoenix travel guides section on the 5th floor to get more ideas for places to check out whilst in town!
4	This is hands-down the coolest library I've ever visited. A rockin' building, a really cool water display with the stair case, and several self check-out stations. There's also a "concierge" of sorts as soon as you walk in the building - the building is huge and can be intimidating - this person answers questions and points you in the right direction. The top floor is quiet for hunting books, another floor seems to be dedicated to high school students and mentoring, and another for kids. Move between floors via the staircase over the water display, or in the glass elevator with a view. Use your library card to search for and reserve books online (card not needed to search...only to reserve materials for pick-up). A big plus is the amount of covered parking. Loss of a star: no drive-up book return, and they don't proctor exams for distance education grad students.
4	Burton Barr- the only place where I can witness someone attempt to steal a car in the parking lot and still give the business 4 stars.Well, they did catch him, after all! This is a huge library in central Phoenix so naturally some sketchy things happen (and lots of people sleep on the chairs) but the selection simply cannot be beat! A whole floor for nonfiction! A huge section of books in foreign languages! If you need it, it is in this library. The glass elevator scares me, so minus one star for that. Oh and you can check out a "city pass" that will grant you free admission to several city museums if you have a library card. Just go early, they are always checked out by noon!
5	This is the best library in the Valley and one of my favorite places to study.  The interior design, water fall, glass elevators and many other features make this the perfect metropolitan library for our downtown. The top level is pretty quiet and has beautiful views of the city.  Quick Tip: It seems that the southern part of the building is hotter because of the sun so I always sit on the north part of the building.
5	This library won my interest once I noticed the modern style of this facility.  Glass, steel, concrete, and natural sunlight all surround the library's interior.  Each level seems very spacious, with many desks and chairs to sit in.  Nearly every desk has an electrical outlet.  Wi-Fi signal at the 5th floor is very good (4/5 bars).  The all-glass walls facing north/south give amazing views of the city which makes this place perfect for reading and getting work done.  One of the best public libraries I've been to yet.
4	always has the books im looking for, where other libraries dont.
5	Great place to hang out. Awesome collection of resources. The huge glass window on the 6th floor offers a really nice view of the surrounding area. Lots of homeless folks sleep in the chairs to get out of the heat, so there's that. Still an overall 5 stars.
5	The top level really is supreme.
4	Out of many libraries within Maricopa, this by far has to be one of the largest and well maintained libraries we have been to.Five wonderful floors of BOOKS! A reader couldn't ask for anymore!The concerns I have are primarily for safety since a lot of homeless tend to come in and want to hang out in the cool atmosphere for free in the library. This makes it hard with children, but most seem to over look the issue. There are many computers for patrons to use that make it easy and convenient for those without a laptop.
1	Horrible customer service. They lost 3 CDs I returned and are trying to charge me 111 dollars. Avoid this library.
4	I love the shaded parking under the new solar energy panels. Can't say enough about the Hold service. Look online for the books I want, place them on Hold and get an e-mail when they're ready to pick up. Then I just walk in, pick them up, and scan them out. If I could just learn how to download the electronic books to my ipod I'd be thrilled.
5	The top level is the best level in my opinion. It's the quietest level and you get a good view of downtown Phoenix from both the North and South side ceiling to floor windows. The only real drawback is the smell that comes from the DVD and CD section, I don't know it it's urine or just the plastic casings that are giving off that smell?The cafe is closed indefinitely as I was informed by the librarian with no real date of when they are going to be opening it back up again. I have never had any problems with any of the homeless people that come to the library, but you might get asked for some change in the parking lot or asked to sign a petition by the entrances. The 2nd level is for studying and they have a 'quiet' room where you are expected to keep your mouth shut and study.Why budget cuts!? The libs is only open until 5pm on Monday and a couple of other days. Overall, the library is huge and has everything you may be looking for. I want to get locked up like that dude Powder and read everything this library has to offer.
5	Where else can you rent dvds or cds for free!  Wi-fi is free and as long as you want. There's even a cafe downstairs if you really need a pick me up. The second level has a good selection of magazines and newspapers if you need to look at a past issue for school or work.   Get inspired by all the books or just by the views of the city on the top floor!
5	Phoenix should really take a lot of pride in this library because it's fantastic. I can't say that I've ever been blown away by a library but this place is awesome. Four floors of awesomeness (I admittedly only made it to the first two) but the cd/dvd area made me think of the old Tower Records in Brea, CA which is sadly now gone. But it's really great because beside Best Buy or Target, there is no place to get cds or dvds any more!The pond and fountain in the central atrium really give a calm peaceful feeling. I plan on coming here a lot more to read a book or get some work done. The staff are friendly and helpful too. Really a fantastic place and one of the few examples where I see my tax dollars going to good use. Well done, Phoenix!
5	Aside from being the host of some late-night super secret UYEs, the library is also a great place to grab a book! This library in particular is chalk full of them. Books of every shape, size, colour, language, topic and font. You may also find CDs and DVDs to check out here! The people watching is on point! The patrons of Burton Barr are as diverse as the books! I don't suggest you go to the teen floor unless you want to be annoyed beyond belief or you have to tutor a student. The children's section is phenomenal. Separate computer section just for the tiny ones' enjoyment. The tables are full of puzzles and games for the kids also. Plus the books in this section range from toddler to 6th grade reading. Also, the City has in place all kinds of wonderful reading programs. And yes, the architecture and decor are fantastic. This really is a beautiful library.
5	Prettiest library in PHX! Right next to the lightrail. This location has lots of resources like a college center, a multimedia center and just overall a great ambiance. There are tall glass windows with a great view of phoenix. Library is quiet, clean has free parking and accessible through public transportation!
4	Being from Tucson, this isn't a library I use as a local. But, it was very inviting for many reasons. One, I am jealous of the DVD selection- the section for TV shows and the wonderful amount they carry. It's a large library with tons of selections and a pleasing environment. There are people around to help and assist and point in the right direction. It seems clear with signage and finding ones way around is no problem.There are lots of computers and places to sit and relax and do work and read. This is a hopping library. I would love to come back and explore more. The children's desk librarian was very helpful and nice. There is a so-so bookstore that didn't really have a super selection. Perhaps they have better somewhere else in town.
4	4.5 stars.  What's not to love about FREE books?!  I prefer library books because the check out time restraint forces me to open the book instead of placing it neatly on the bookshelf.The only downside of this library is the number of homeless people that congregate there.
5	Pros: This place is clean, new, and well organized. Its huge, but easy to navigate. Plenty of parking and easy to find. Cons: none
5	Time to get shocked: I frequent the library.I know you can't tell by looking at me, but I'm trying to cram as much information into my brain as possible at all times.  The Burton Barr library is an excellent place to do that.  This place is massive.If you want to get some serious shit done, I would take the stairs to the 5th floor immediately.  You'll also get your days worth of exercise climbing up these stairs, which I am a fan of.Good, you've made it. Now look at this room, it's frickin massive.  THE WORLD IS YOURS.  There's some pretty killer views from up here, and also a serious amount of non-fictions goodness.What's between floors 1-5? God only knows.  Likely homeless people.The homeless do seem to seek refuge here, but I haven't noticed any downsides to this fact as of yet.  Someone did try talking me into a Church / Cult meeting once while I was walking in, but that's about it.You might be looking for a plug for your laptop?  They are there, fixated to the underside of tables.That's about all...oh wait.......SUPER NOT-SO-SECRET BONUS, but a reason to go to the library even if you're not into book learnings.They have glass elevators, that FLY.  Hop in on the 5th, press your face against the glass, look down and wait.  It's vertigo heaven. TRY IT. It's worth it.
5	Absolutely the best library west of the Mississippi. Free WiFi multiple floors beautiful architecture and unending resources in many forms ... Including books :) Ha!!
5	Since being back in Phoenix just a few weeks I was looking for a place to find books.  As much as I love my Kindle there will always be something about holding and smelling the pages.  Plus I can find books for the little one!  When walking into this place it was beautiful... the outside as well as in.  There was so much to find and the place to me is very organized.  I was also surprised with the great selection of movies and music they have.  It's also great they do movie night and have activities during the month for adults and kids.The staff was helpful and it was easy to get a library card (just need ID).  No one was rude and they were able to help me find what I was looking for an answer my questions.  Definitely going to make that my place to study and hangout sometimes.
5	I went to the Summer Solstice celebration today.  What a treat.  Beautiful music and facts about the architecture and vision for the library.
4	As a medical student, I've become something of a library connoisseur. College libraries, law libraries, hospital libraries: you name it, I've studied there. So it's not surprising that I made my way to the Phoenix Public Library central branch to do some studying.The library has plenty of covered parking which is nice when hopping back in the car. It was exceptionally busy when I got there, with lots of kids and families spending their summer day inside. Downstairs at the check out was pretty loud and I was starting to wonder if I made a mistake choosing this place over ASU or the UA medical library. However, I rode the elevator to the top and I was pleasantly surprised.Built in a post-modern, industrial fashion, the library offers a great atmosphere to study, read or (perhaps most importantly) avoid the heat. The reading room on the top level is nice and open with great views of downtown. While generally quiet, there were a number of patrons who had yet to discover how headphones work. While annoying, a library employee came around every 20 minutes and laid down the law.While I didn't come to read for pleasure, the collection looked to be extensive with plenty of audio-visual items on lower levels. Other perks includes easy access to the light rail and a very lax  policy on outside food and beverage. I suggest coming early if you're looking for a study table as they seemed to fill up relatively early!
5	I really love this library.  Up on the top floor there are always ample desks and kiosks for quiet studying (and homeless people sleeping, but I've never had a problem with any of them... other than snoring).  I love that you can request books online and they will be ready and waiting for you in the reserved section downstairs.  They have a TON of DVDs and CDs to check out, and you can even check out e-books for your kindle online!  I've heard the bathrooms are crazy, but even though I've been here many times I've never looked at them, will have to do that next time!
4	Really cool eco-friendly, energy saving design.  Electric panels in lot offer covered parking.  Reminds me a little bit of the atrium-style MLK library in San Jose. Unfortunately, sounds echo and there's the constant dinging of elevators arriving on each level.  5th floor reading room was too hot  as I tried to study, but AC was fine on other floors.  Also, staff should be more attentive in preventing loud groups and those watching tv without headphones in quiet areas. Wifi is fast and reliable. I appreciate that patrons and staff, for the most part, aren't bothered by the homeless trying to avoid the outdoor heat or find things online with their public computers.
5	I had almost forgotten this awesome Library existed!!! :)This library is like a walk down memory lane!! LOVE IT!! I used to come here a lot when I first got my library card. That was back when I was just 8 years old, oh the good times!!! :) This library is so expansive and in great condition, yes its the building that stands right on top of the 101 tunnel. Oh and yes, you will occasionally bump into a homeless person or more who may be there to enjoy the nice A/C on these hot summer days, but no worries!! Their all mostly friendly and quiet.Plus, you wouldn't want to miss out on the massive selection this fine library has to offer!! Enjoy!! :)
3	I like going to the second floor and using my laptop in the quiet room. Although some people don't seem to understand the concept. One guy had his shoes off, snoring as he napped in there. Cmon. There are some weirdos here.
1	ON a sunny beautiful Saturdy, I came to the library to do some studying.On the 2nd floor I find myself a station. Before I knew it a conversation started to the right of me where 3 african men were openly chatting very loud. This continued for about 10 minutes without anyone saying anything.  When I looked in their directions, they simply continued and another library staff walked by as if there's nothing going on.i look to my right and there is a man cehcking out soft porn, while punching on chips.  He wiped his fingers cleaned and then proceed to type on the keyboards.Another glance showed this is the mecca of the homeless (no offense to them). where every other person is sort o a 'bag' person who hasn't showered in days.As beautiful and modern as this buidling is, it's a shame the staff do not care to maintain and the patrons have no respect for it.
5	I love this library!  It is in a convenient location (walkable) to where I live, great design and extensive selection of current books.  The staff is super helpful and the checkout process is beyond easy.
5	Best library in Phoenix
4	I'm sitting here on a Wednesday evening completely in awe of this library (by Arizona standards anyways). Having only visited the Yucca branch to date, I was immensely impressed by the architecture here. But, then again, it's downtown so it should be nicer. I can see how the hobos can overrun this joint -- there were plenty in the park on my way in. Good with the bad, I guess. Still, I'm glad I've changed up my reserve dropoff from Yucca to here.
5	I can really say this is a really nice library very organized very clean lots of parking lots of help and lots and lots of good books and magazines and videos CDs DVDs is got it all
3	I've found myself at this library several times sp far this year.   Each time that I have been to this library, it has been for a meeting of some sort. The library may not be the first place that organizers think to host a meeting, but this happens to be one of the more perfect spots.  This library can be the perfect place for a meeting that might pull in people from all over the valley.  This library is in a very central location, it is on the East side of Central Ave and is just above the I10 and South of McDowell.I have been to meetings in the Pulliam Room.  This room is fairly large with a wonderful sound system and technical amenities.  My only problem with this room is that the required rental is 4 hours, but the seats are HARD wooden seats.  Not so nice on the bottom if you're sitting for 4 hours.I have also attended meetings in Meeting Room A and Room B.  Small rooms with no audio visual equipment, minimal amenities, and awkwardly situated in the same hallway as the restrooms, so there is a lot of traffic and noise right outside the door when your meeting is in progress.All in all, this is a nice library.
5	Best library in Phoenix! 5 stories of magical goodness and lots of happening events go on here. Come by First Fridays to see an art exhibit in the gallery and listen to some music. Then, stop by the first Saturday of the month for a free Art and Architecture tour of the library. Lots of great stuff to see! There are rotating exhibits throughout the year, including a tribute to Frida that's pretty rad. Kids and teens have their own spaces and programs catered to them. There's a makerspace, business collaboration center, study rooms, book club, computers and computer classes, and much more. Free wifi usually draws a lot of people in as well as plentiful outlets and a great view on the 5th floor. Lots of helpful staff and you can find the latest books and movies here. Also offers culture passes to museums and the zoo. Conveniently located off the light rail. Stop by today! Open every day, even Sundays. Everyone is welcome.
5	great staff.... very helpful and friendly... the services provided are great as well... Jonathan is great....
1	I can only imagine that people who approve of this library have never been to libraries in other cities.  It's dirty, it smells, and it's generally filled with people who can't behave.  There are payphones in reading areas.  Children scream and cry.  The staff seem miserable.  The audiobooks orders seem to be made by Ann Coulter.  If you want to be propositioned, bothered, harassed, asked for money or perhaps attacked in the bathroom, then by all means, do go.
5	Love the architecture and am a very proud downtown Phoenician to call this OUR Public Library.  Look for the elevators when you first walk in... it's like they rise out of the water (YES... water)!
5	I don't go to libraries much, but I came here a few months ago to study for my boards. I've never enjoyed a library experience that much. The place is huge and very well kept up. Very knowledgeable and helpful staff. I had to move because my spot was blown up by a bunch of hobos, but I didn't let that dampen my study time.Overall, if you're in need of a study space in Central Phoenix, this is the place for you.
5	Free movie nights?  Rotating museum exhibits?  Architecture that resembles a space-age future world?  Free library cards with three weeks per book and a 35 (!!) book check-out limit?  Comfortable work stations?  Gorgeous views of the Phoenix skyline?  A physical size larger and more open and spacious than any university library I've ever visited?  Rare book and child play areas?Phoenix sure has done right with its library.
1	From the outside it seems nice and the location is convienent if you live downtown. But in all honesty this is the worst library in Phoenix.  Littered with homeless and all of the employees are very rude!!
1	My issue IS NOT that you have a cultural event at the library, but rather it's location, and how you handle allowing other patrons to utilize your library during these events...I am preparing to take the MCAT in July, and need a quiet place to take my practice tests. I planned ahead and reserved a Study Room for today, July 6th. I arrived, and there is a cultural event on the same floor as the Study Rooms, literally within 50 feet of them. I could have possibly dealt with the talking, but there's a person speaking on a loud speaker, and there's singing and music being played. Could they have possibly not had the event on the same floor as the study rooms,  which have been advertised as being a quiet place to work? Could they have possibly 'blocked-off' the use of those quiet rooms during the time of such an event, so that it is clear that it will no longer be a 'quiet area' during those times...??? Again, I planned over a week in advance, reserved the room accordingly, and I now have no other alternative for today... I must stop taking my practice test. Also, the event is listed on their calendar, but it DOES NOT mention where the event will be held, and what type of demonstrations will take place.
4	What beautiful library... Lots of space and everyone has been courteous.  I like the open fifth floor desks looking south out the window.   Nice exhibits for study breaks, although I wouldn't leave my stuff out of sight.Bathrooms and building are well maintained.  Private study rooms are available and quiet.  Hours are a little short.This is a PUBLIC library in the city so expect there to be bums looking for free WiFi to watch cat videos.  I don't mind and everyone minds their business without any bother.  No one has been too loud or abnoxious.If you're a suburbanite who thinks the city is a dangerous place and fear your children will get hooked on drugs or join a gang based on coordinates... This library would not be your first choice.Enjoy!
2	This location was difficult to find, there are no signs facing Central so If you never been here, as this was my first time, you just have to guess.  NOT GOOD
2	I went to a conference here and a lot of smelly homeless people came in and took food. I think one photobombed me as I took a selfie with an old friend. Otherwise, the place is beautiful.
3	This library definitely has its pros and cons.I absolutely love the fifth floor. It's the quietest floor, and it has a beautiful view. I first tried studying on the second floor, but it is a lot noisier and you can usually find people trying to sell you things (along with a few homeless here and there). Honestly, the second floor is the scariest floor to me.The staff is kind and helpful, and the place is pretty clean as well.If you want a library that you can feel really safe and comfortable in, this probably isn't the one for you. There are all different kinds of people entering this library, so just be cautious.
