5	Really, there's not much more that I can say other than I could not have received a better education than the one I received at TMS.  It is by far the best investment my parents ever made.The teachers, staff, and campus are extraordinary.  New buildings have been constructed since I was a student, including a Performing Arts Theater and a new building for the middle school program.Class sizes are much smaller (typically 50-60 per graduating class), allowing for more personalized instruction.  Though it's been 10 years since our class graduated, we still keep in touch regularly and love going back to support the school.I highly recommend The Meadows - if I still lived in Las Vegas, I would definitely send my daughter there.
5	the school is very structured an very key on great education...it's def worth the 22k a year per child plus all the other fees...starts from pre k through high school so no worries about wondering if your kids won't be happy when they go to the next grade...only thing that sucks is pick up...you need to be at least 30 mins early prior to dismissal:(
5	My daughter attended 2 years of pre-K at The Meadows Beginning School.  We recently moved out of state which is the only reason we will not be attending Kindergarten in the fall.  If I could uproot this school and place it in my new neighborhood, I would in a heartbeat.  In looking for a school, I did a lot of research and took many tours of the other private schools in our area.  I wanted her to attend the best.  The thing that drew me most to this school was the fact that they "teach to the top". Students are constantly challenged, engaged, and motivated to learn.  The teachers expect a lot from the kids and it isn't easy.  Likewise, a lot is expected from the teachers, and especially the parents.  On the very first day of preschool, my daughter came home with a sheet with the lesson for the week, and the word of the day was "responsibility". From that day forward, I knew that we were in for a journey.  The statistics of the high school graduates speak for itself, with students moving on to the top universities, the GPAs and AP testing scores.  So, although my daughter was only 3 years old when she stepped foot onto the campus- I chose this school because this is where I envisioned her graduating.  It was an investment that we were willing to make. It is not only a monetary investment, but a time investment as well.  Parents are very involved in every aspect- academics, athletics, theater, music, after school activities, etc.  And as a result, the children are very well rounded and emerge as great leaders as well.  *Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 58/100*
5	Awesome!
5	Love this school! My kids started in beginning school and my oldest is now in 4th grade. They love going to school and the education is the best!! Love having a smaller class size so my kids get the attention that they need from these wonderful teachers.
1	I went to this school and after 6 years I had to get out.  Yes, it was academically challenging.  Yes, it prepares you for college.  Yes, the students apply themselves. But on top of all that, the students almost never smile.  The students are constantly miserable and never once say that they love the school.  It wasn't until I left the school that I realized what a toxic environment it was.  The lower school students only have 8 minutes to eat and aren't allowed to talk during lunch.  They have a strict dress code and no phone policy and as before I left, the headmaster of the upper school told me that I would never get as good of an experience and education as I would elsewhere and on top of all this, I wouldn't get into a good college or succeed like I would if I went to The Meadows School.  All in all, that could not have been more false.  Is this school really where you want to send your cheerful kids in kindergarten and see them come home with 2 hours of homework and bags under their eyes? If so, go ahead and enroll yourself in The Meadows School.
