4	Brunch is my second favourite meal next to Lupper!I used to live around the corner to this place, so Sunday Brunch with my roommate here was a must. It is definitely an enchanting place, and the Eggs Benedict is delicious! (so are the waffles, french toast, etc.)  So imagine this:You wake up Sunday morning with a foggy recollection of the night before, your voice a little hoarse from possibly yelling, Let's do shots!! repeatedly at a night out with friends at the local watering hole (this tale is unconfirmed, so just go with it) You drag yourself to the couch, with a giant glass of water, and you sit there for an hour or two dozing in and out of consciousness, when your roommate finally rolls out of bed, and says, Im hungry, you? You grunt lightly signaling to her, that it's a yes, and you begrudgingly put on clothing that will help you blend in with humans. You walk up the street, and you notice there are other stragglers for Sunday feeling about as good as you do. You happen upon a bistro that seems relatively incognito from the outside, but once inside, you notice the breakfast paradise you've waltzed into. There is a wooden motif, you see brick, and these gorgeous french doors. You plop yourself down, and look at the menu, and slowly humanity seems not too far off. An earl grey tea to gently coax you back into society, and once your food arrives, you realize that, hey I can deal with today. After breakfast, you take in the surroundings, and you feel full, and warm, and ready to start your day (at 3pm), which coincidentally is great time to start thinking about Lupper.
4	I was impressed that the breakfasts all came with fresh fruit, and then I noticed everywhere does this, and THEN I noticed that not everywhere gives so much fruit in such a lovely display, and I went back to being impressed.   We had already has pastries this morning so we wanted to just share a plate and have a coffee.  Pas de probleme.   We wanted to have the table in the window.  Pas de probleme.   We wanted to linger even though we werent' spending a lot.  Pas de probleme.   We wanted to ask some questions in English we didn't know in French.  No problem.So we ordered two eggs and roasted potatoes(that came with fruit of course) and some bacon and shared.  The bacon was like bacon everywhere.  The eggs were scrambled and were... PERFECT.  I have never said this before.  I often order eggs scrambled well because places don't cook them enough even though well is too much but these were cooked JUST ENOUGH to not be runny and then cooked no more.  I have never had eggs this perfect in a restaurant ever.   EVER.And the potatoes.. OMFG.  Delicious.Sadly, the coffee was just okay.  My fault, I suppose, for not having a mimosa.  Dur.
4	What a fantastic neighborhood brunch spot! It was rainy and cold, and I instantaneously felt warm once I walked into this place. I was seated right away, and the waitress knew I didn't speak very much French and offered me an English menu. Brunch menu ranges from $8 - $13 and offers eggs, your meats (you can choose multiple meats), crepes and benedicts. Mine came with a cup of coffee, cubed potatoes that had a kick to em and a side of fresh fruit. The walls are adorned with artist's works for sale and the bustling resto is a nice spot for a Sunday morning to get your day started.
