3	Will Automatic Slims break the curse of the revolving door here at the NC Music Factory? Stay tuned.I went to check out Automatic Slims last night. This spot was formerly Halo.... which was formerly the Garden & Gun Club. Warning: pay attention when you walk down the steps. There's kind of a hidden last one. I saw at least 5 people miss it last night.  This place kind of reminds me of an Alley Cat (reminder the old Republic?)... only with way better decor. Retro and rock n roll. It looks great. Super fun stuff. The DJ booth is set inside a trailer looking contraption. Matt Bolick was controlling the tunes last night. I'm a fan of anyone who plays Warrant "Cherry Pie" complete with the video. The back room has pool tables. It looks like a Sailor Jerry ad that has come to life. I dig it.The ladies are all done up like 1950's pin-up girls. They look great. I love it. I don't really get why the bartenders are in plaid skirts. Doesn't fit the vibe. I would put them in chaps or cut-off jeans shorts. I do have to tell this funny encounter. We ordered a round of shots. We asked for Sailor Jerry, pineapple and Red Bull. Bartender said okay... do you want them separate or mixed? Giggle. Unlike its predecessors, I think this place will benefit a lot from the Fillmore. It's the right vibe for pre and post concert drinks. Best of luck to Automatic Slims. I'll definitely pop in for a drink(s) whenever I'm Music Factory-ing it up.
4	To start off giving 4 stars instead of 5 only because I wish more people were here. So going into the review, this place seems awesome! It's huge! One section is a pool hall with some lounges and a bar, the next section has Rock music and a retro theme with  huge bar and lounge and even a stripper pole for those ladies with confidents ;) , lastly it moves outside with a more of a pop/club theme with again another bar and some nice lounge area. This place has tons of potential. Being my first time here I highly recommend it and wish the good luck on their new place and hope to see them grow and popularity.
2	I feel bad for Automatic Slims, based on my visit from a week ago, I am concerned that this place may suffer the same fate as so many others.We visited on a Saturday night, around 11:30 PM and the place just...felt...dead.  This was sent home by the very crowded VBGB bar we had just left.  While both locations are probably equally as large, Automatic Slims just seemed empty.  This is a HUGE bar.  Slims is setup with various sections that include a large outdoor area with a bar and a band, a large inside area with a sizable bar, followed by another large but closed off area with pool tables that contains yet another bar.  The downside to all this square footage is when it isn't packed, it feels VERY empty.  And in my opinion, the bar scene is all about feeling like you're in the place to be.  I even mentioned to a friend how Automatic Slims should consider blocking out/closing some areas to concentrate the crowd.The outside area had a band playing...great!  Unfortunately, the band on stage sounded like a Tuesday night cover band auditioning for a Saturday night gig. The music, besides the band outside performing some not so good covers, consisted of a DJ inside the bar who did rock music mash-ups like Limp Bizkit vs Pink Floyd or Led Zeppelin vs Oasis...I think...well, you get the idea.  The mash-ups were okay, but just caused the group to play a guessing game of the songs as opposed to enjoying them.  The pool table area appeared to have piped in or jukebox music.  The bar and staff were friendly, which was nice.  I liked the female servers as they looked good in their 50' pin-up/ Suicide Girls outfits.  Unfortunately, the staff felt like the only females present...that I noticed.  The bar had limited choices as well as there was no Captain Morgan rum available.  This was a big left down for one member of my group.  I mean, I understand Sailor Jerry Rum was being heavily promoted, but even at a bar where Budweiser is being promoted you can still order a Miller. Overall -  My group of six did not stay long, as the absence of a happening vibe and Captain Morgan rum had us going elsewhere that night.  I think I will give Automatic Slims another chance, but I doubt it will be first on my list.
5	I have to agree with some of what's been reviewed here already.  Basically this place is pretty impressive.  It's literally 3 different venues rolled up into one.  The Tiki lounge is what you see first and it's a place where you can literally feel like you're on a resort given the weather permits.  Very large bar in this area and plenty of room to move around and mingle.The next area is more of a 50's era lounge with an old school Vegas feel to it.  The bar in this area is probably twice that of any others in the building and there is seating everywhere including booths.The next area is called Betty's lounge and it's decorated with furnishings that pay respects to the late Betty Page.  Super sexy bar in the back is astounding.  Tuffeted leather header and gold accents really make it a showpiece.  The front of this area is my favorite.  1950's fireplace and console TV along with sofa and comfortable seating make it a great spot to just kick back and enjoy.  This area also houses pool tables if you're looking to play.The music has been great and although the genre and style of music changes from room to room, I've yet to hear something I didn't like.The only downfall, is the lack of people.  I spoke with the Owner and he says they haven't really marketed themselves very much yet and that's the big reason.  I certainly hope the volume picks up or else this gem of a club may very well be short lived.
