5	Normally for me, with being a woman, and buying a car in a market that is dominated by mostly men it makes me a little weary and apprehensive because of my past experiences.  I've bought cars before and sometimes the salesmen are not straight forward about certain things, or fees come up at the back end that you were never told about.  When I bought my car from Andrew Doleman I felt secure with my purchase and knowledgeable. He wasn't pushy with me and he listened to my exact needs.  His recommendations were very precise and I knew exactly what I was signing for at the end!  He has a family of customers for  life.  I really appreciate honest people like him.
1	I stopped by to look at a 2003 Jeep Wrangler Sport with 106,000 miles. Before arriving I looked the Jeep up on KBB, KBB reported the retail value for the Jeep at $8,700. While working on the numbers with the sales person the "sales manager" came by with with a document that looked like it had been typed up on MS Word. His document was titled Kelly Blue Book and stated the Jeeps retail value was $12,500. I asked the sale manager to show me a document with the Kelly Blue Book seal on it showing the estimated value if the Jeep, he refused and stated we were to far apart on the deal. The Jeep they were selling was in stock set up. I feel they were running a scam to jack up the price of the Jeep.
5	I am a Mom who needed to buy my teenage daughter a car.  I had a limited budget but wanted to have my daughter drive a safe car.  The sales person, Andrew Doleman, was able to find me a car that exceeded my expectations for the amount I could spend.  My daughter was so excited when she saw the car.  The experience was great and if I am in need of another car I know who I will be going to.
5	Andrew Doleman was my salesman and he was outstanding! Didn't pressure is into anything and we were in and out quick! Very enjoyable experience purchasing my first new car!
5	I can't remember the name of the salesman that helped me, but, he was so awesome. He was very honest with me and not the least bit pushy. I felt very comfortable around him and asking questions and everything. They didn't have the car I was looking for but he still talked to us for a long time (not trying to sell us anything) just giving us advice and stuff. I really wish they had the car I wanted because I would have loved to give them my business.
1	Bought a Mazda3 last wk and agreed to pay $395/month. We waited for almost 4 hrs just to sign the contract.  We were so tired. Luis the finance guy made a mistake. It came out to $418.25. Even the sales person Greg told him that it was $395. He even remembered our conversation.  Mazda dont have a WORD OF HONOR! They dont value their customers so definitely Im not recommending this place. Theyre sucks! You can go to other dealership like Hyundai.  They have better cars......
3	I recently bought a brand new 2013 Mazda 3 hatchback here. I needed a larger vehicle and this turned out to be the perfect car. Originally I was there to look into the new 2014 Mazda 6 but I found the size of the 3 to be better for my lifestyle. The salesmen and the financing team that assisted us were pretty good and not too pushy. My only complaints are that they seemed to dodge my questions about leasing the Mazda 6, I assume they make less on lease deals. My other complaint was the way our salesman kept putting all other cars down. He even made a few comments about the car I was currently driving (2010 VW Beetle) and that irritated me. I wasn't trading my VW in and made it known that I was keeping it as a second car but his little remarks about beetles and VWs were quite childish and silly. I irritated me and didn't help the sale of the Mazda so maybe they should address that sales tactic because it accomplishes nothing other than annoying the customer, in my opinion. Other than that I had a good experience with the purchase of my new vehicle.
1	What kind of dealership says it's illegal to browse around the lot without a salesman? Just another sales tactic. Definitely not giving this place my business.
1	Sneaky sneaky... Beware! Would not honor their own internet deal, initially came in for a 0 down 199/monthly cx5 special based on approved credit which was no problem with us, after numerous days of going back and forth, they told us to bring in the online promotion and said they would honor all promotions and misprints, we went in to give them one last chance, the sales manager had the audacity to tell us the promotion actually said 0 down OR 36 months OR 199/ month, which completely made no sense, see my ripoffreport for the exact print on the promotion.He then quoted 3500 down for 199/month, went away for 5 minutes and stated " i made the mistake with the numbers, its actually 4500"  at that point i lost it, lost 2 customers in my mom and I, we would NEVER EVER come back, sneaky sneaky bait and switch.to the owners of planet mazda, there are many many many dealerships on sahara row, why turn away WILLING AND WELL APPROVED customers to make a few more bucks? i understand everyone has their bottom line but honor your promotion.this is a short summary, i made complaints with the BBB, DMV, ripoffreport http://www.ripoffreport.com/r/Planet-Mazda/Las-Vegas-Nevada-/Planet-Mazda-Las-Vegas-False-Advertising-Deceptive-promotion-Las-Vegas-Nevada-1101794and numerous reporting agencies.sorry planet mazda but it's car dealership like yours that gives dealerships a bad name.
1	I bought a Mazda 3 back in the summer with the extended warranty.  I've decided I didn't need the warranty and I want to just cancel it.  I went in to sign the paperwork in the beginning of September for cancellation and they told me that they will send the signed document to the warranty company, and it will take around 6 weeks.  I call the dealership in November to see what the status was on the cancellation but was given the run around, saying to call back later, etc.  I went and called the warranty company myself to see if they received anything, which they have not.  Luckily I had a copy of the cancellation document and I was able to fax them the document and have the cancellation process start.  This took only 2 days to complete and for the warranty company to have a check sent out to the dealership for them to send to my lender.  I am not sure why the check couldn't be sent directly to the lender in the first place to avoid all this.  Anyways, I have been calling the dealer trying to get in contact with someone for 2 weeks but i'm always getting an answer machine or someone telling me to call back later.  The last time I spoke with someone(2 weeks ago) they said they needed a manager to sign off on the check and for me to call back in a couple days for an update.  I have been calling and leaving messages with no response until today, when I kept calling the finance department, where I spoke to someone who asked me why I wanted to cancel my insurance, and compared health insurance with extended warranty on a car..cannot explain this.  I just want to find out if the check has been sent to the lender so I could stop worrying about this and I get a lecture on how extended warranty on a car is just as important as health insurance?  I could easily trade in an old car for a new one, I don't think I can trade in my life for a new one.When i'm ready to buy another car, I will make sure I don't deal with the people here at Planet Mazda because once they got your money, they couldn't care less what happens after.  They don't think this will affect their future business but it just cost them a future customer.
1	What a horrible experience!  My husband went in because he got a voucher in the mail offering payoff credit on his current vehicle.  They bamboozled him into a car with a payment that is more than half his entire monthly income! and when I went down and said there is no way he can manage that kind of monthly pymt they promised to work a deal to get him into a different car with a lower payment; and then started dodging us.  Won't return our calls, and when we go to the dealership, they insist there are no other cars we can trade into.  What a freaking crock!
5	Incredible customer service and very friendly staff. As a new resident to Vegas finding professional services can be scary. Matt, Nicholas and Frenchy (I hope I have his name right) have been making me feel at ease in maintaining my car.
4	With my current lease due to expire during an upcoming vacation I visited Planet Mazda largely to browse, but given the current deals and an offer to pay off my current lease that 'look' turned into an upgrade; a strong team of sales folks pulling off all the traditional car dealer stereotypes of attempting the upsell followed by agreeing to customer terms when you suggest you are willing to walk.  Wide in selection with clean facilities and an attitude willing to negotiate I'll happily stick with Mazda for the next three years - it was their customer service that won me over last time when living in Ohio and the team shined again here in Vegas, even though I did find it odd when a young clerk suggested that because of my job he figured I'd 'want something more prestigious.  Have a little more faith in your company, folks - not everyone with a few letters after their name feels a need to sit in traffic on the 215 driving 15MPH in a Porsche.
4	Good customer service. Started off shaky but everything was cleared up at the end of the day.
1	DON'T go for the Groupon oil change.I purchased an oil change deal on Groupon: 3 oil changes for $22.00. Good deal considering I usually pay $20+ for just one oil change at Terrible Herbst. I called Planet Mazda to make the appointment and was told "if you come on a Saturday you'll have a three hour wait. Come on a weekday and we can get you in and out much faster."  I scheduled for a Thursday morning because I wasn't in any position to drop off my car for 3 hours. So I dropped off my car and the technician was super friendly and helpful. He showed me to the lobby/waiting area which was clean, inviting, had the local news on the tv, water & coffee and even donuts from Krispy Kreme. I was told it would be about an hour, which seemed a bit long for an oil change as I was the first customer of the day. No problem, I had a full charge on my phone and lots of emails to review. But one hour turned to two hours and three. By the third, I was annoyed. When they were almost done, the technician came to the lobby to inform me they were finishing up. He told me that they recommended a new belt (which I expected) and that my power steering fluid was leaking. To be clear: I know my car very well. I've taken very good care of it for it's entire "life". I check the fluid levels at every gas fill up. I knew for a fact that I had no leaks whatsoever. When I called him out on his inaccuracy, he stammered a bit, seemingly surprised that I knew my stuff. He shrugged it off with "well it's your car and your choice but it's my recommendation you have it repaired." For the belt replacement they wanted $280 and for the power steering repair $415. Nope. I waited another 45 minutes for them to finish up and wash the car (which wasn't needed as I had washed it the day before). So at this point, I had been there for nearly 4 hours & was told I needed almost $700 in repairs. When the car was ready, no one came to tell me. I was tiring of waiting so I walked over to the service desk to see it parked and waiting for me. I checked out and received my keys. The car looked horrible: water spots and streaks on the windows. They didn't do me any favors by washing it. The following day, I picked up a belt at Auto Zone for $20 and took my car over to Aamco (there is a review by me for them too). They switched out the belt for $45 and finished in 15 minutes. I decided that I won't be redeeming the other two oil changes I purchased through groupon and will definitely not return to Planet Mazda ever again.
5	i had a good experience at Planet Mazda.  Garrett was my salesman and did not apply any pressure whatsoever.  I  bought a 2014 Mazda 3 and traded in 2 cars.  I don't know if i got a fair price for the trade-ins but i am satisfied and i love the new car.  I recommend asking for  Garrett if you ever visit Planet Mazda!
1	I am writing this review as someone who has never done business with Planet Mazda or even set foot on their property but who has been continually harassed by them since April, 2014 despite telling them that I would like them to take my phone number off of their call list.As I said, I have never done business with them but because a lot of the people who now work at Planet Mazda transferred there after Centennial Mazda (the dealer I will continue to do business with by the way) was sold to new owners, they had my phone number and have called me 4 times since April 17, 2014 asking if I would like to trade my car in for a new one. I'm sorry but how many times do  I need to tell them that I love the car that I currently own, that I am not interested in trading it in, and that I am staying with the dealership that I have an established relationship with because the service manager that I like is still there? Each and every time that they have called me I have asked them to take me off of their call list and have been assured that they will do so. Now we are to the point where they have called me 2 times in less than a week.These are completely unacceptable business practices on their part to continually harass someone who has been asked to be taken off the call list and also to try and poach customers from another dealer. Makes me wonder if they are trying to poach customers from the Mazda dealer at the Valley Auto Mall as well.
1	Finance Director is horribly rude. My first insTinct to leave should have been when I pulled in on a Saturday and the lot was empty.  Sales people standing around.  I only went there because a sales manager literally begged me and promised the world. I gave full disclosure before I went in. The young lady helping me very sweet. I was advised the rebates they were offering wld pay off my car ( currently sitting at another dealership from a hit and run that caught fire)bottom line is they tried to force a 2007 dodge nitro down my throat with 87,000 miles. And the Finance Director he short with a complex don't remember his name. Pulled the "i know u want a new car but this car is new to you...." wth!? I advised mr. Short man that I was not Desperate and can take my business elsewhere.  He advised me I would pay $700 plus for wht I'm looking for. Well if that's the case it won't be a Mazda. Long story short I went to planet Nissan and got a 2012 altima $100 less payment. Abd still only had to put $1500. Had $5000 to put down but didn't even get that far mr short man cause b all he did was judge a book by its cover and did not even. Try to help.  They make elaborate promises they cant keep then try to make u feel they are the best they can do.
4	I've used their service department a couple times for general maintenance. Very happy with the work and cost. Does seem like work takes a little longer than I'd expect, but it's been done right so far. Also, look for Mazda email coupons, they will honor them. Friendly staff, especially Floyd and Andrew. Thanks guys!
1	What do you expect from a car salesperson?  Rude.  They are all crooks.  This salesperson at Planet Mazda, Sahara Ave., was a rude man.  I ain't never gonna give Planet Masda any business.  Thanks to his rudeness, I will spread the word far and wide, to not buy here.  This salesman and every salesman is the enemy.  and this enemy is rude.  Who is he?  Just breathe, you'll notice his nasty cologne.  Why do I have to give them one star?  Zero stars, that is what they deserve.  Crooks and enemies.  The word sales is derived from the Latin for sleazy and uneducated, stupid and slimy.They is a better way to sell cars than the method currently used.  How can I buy a car?  I do not negotiate with terrorists.  Scum.
1	Beware of the service advisor he is a big liar Tryed to say i needed 3000 in repairs said i needed brakes roters and 4 engine mounts u name it he wrote all kinds of bullshit so i went to me regular mechanic he said my brake drums were dusty so they were squeaking he cleaned them for 50 dollars and said i habe at least 20000 mikes left on them so he is a big liar shame on you hope someone kicks your ass  loser good luck ripping people off u will get yours see you soon liar
5	I've been to Planet Mazda several times and am always impressed with their level of service. As a female, I am conscious of how I'm treated with car servicing, and other dealerships have tried to take advantage of me in the past, but not at this location. You can tell they value their customers. They are always courteous and give you the necessary info to make informed decisions instead of insisting on unnecessary service for an "up-sell". I was impressed at the option to have transport home and back in a dealer vehicle, and how quickly they finished servicing my car each time. I would recommend them to anyone who needs Mazda service.
1	Stay away from this dealership they dont know what customer service is they are so unreliable...dont waste your time coming in here...
5	Following a bad experience with another local Mazda dealership, I took my Mazda CX-5 here for service. There was no hassle getting my free oil change service which was included when I purchased the car. I've had bad experiences at a different local Mazda dealership, but the staff here were courteous and professional, and I have absolutely no complaints.They've earned my future business, and I will certainly be back again.
5	Fantastic deal over the internet with no hassles. Highly recommended. I will buy from them again. Best car buying experience in years.  Bought a 2015 Mazda 6. Love it.  Recommend contacting Steven Ramos!
1	This is what they sent my husband in a hand addressed envelope with no return address on it. Please see photo of letter to someone named Hop Hopkins. It seems to be a memo or email to a car salesman asking for my car specifically. It is a gimmick to get me to come in to planet Mazdaand trade in my car. And older person may think this is a legitimate offer and I don't like this type of advertising practice.
