5	As good as it gets...  Although we could go on forever about all of the amazing qualities of Executive Chef, Dennis Frazier, (seriously), here are a few of the major ones to seal the deal for your next catering event.It all started at our wedding, well at the tasting for our wedding actually.  Dennis was referred to us by a good friend to cater our wedding in Cave Creek, AZ this past September.  Upon meeting him and talking about the different customized menu options, we could immediately sense his passion and excitement for what he does.  That being said, actually tasting his food was a whole other story.  We were completely blown away by his skill and creativity but the flavors, THE FLAVORS were amazing.  I will admit that I'm among the pickiest of eaters and can't stress how easy it was to work with him.  From his preparation, communication, flexibility and creativity all the way to budget planning and staffing, we were covered from A to Z.  He had the best serving staff and bartenders to round out his "full package" services.Since our wedding, we have already used Dennis for several client events and referred him to private parties and other events and have heard nothing but rave reviews.  We never have to worry again about finding a quality caterer.  He brings something new to the table at every event!
5	You are crazy not to give Chef Dennis Frazier a chance to wow you with his culinary techniques. There hasn't been a thing i didn't like and the creativity is amazing. Can you believe they can print, yes print on food like a logo. The best part, is the pricing is competitive and well worth the products and services provided. 5 star is not high enough!
5	Absolutely amazing!  Dennis is by far and away the most talented, creative, personable and exciting chef I have ever had the pleasure to work with.  His food tastes even better than it looks, which seems impossible when you look how inventive his food is!  I would NEVER consider using any other caterer ever again.
5	I have catered my company parties for the last 7 years. I hired Cater Phoenix for the first time and I can assure you they will be the only company I use for all of my  special occasions.  The food and chefs are one of a kind. They truly have a creative eye for creating a happy palate at a very affordable cost. Not to mention the sue chefs were so professional and had the perfect personalities to make our staff's gathering a more enjoyable experience. They made me look good in front of my staff and their families with zero effort on my part. I look forward to my next catered party with Cater Phoenix.
5	My friends and I all have kids and its difficult to get together especially for a fancy night out.  I was able to get a sitter and put all the kids in one room while a very elegant 5 course dinner was prepared for us and paired with wine.  Dennis, the owner, explained what each course was as if you were sitting a fine dining restaurant.  Since there were only 8 of us and we didn't have to pay a lot for the dinner  I know he didn't make a lot of money, but still still went that extra mile.Dennis thank you for a great evening
5	Dennis has boundless energy when planning your meeting or event, a great sense of humor, and makes delicious food. His presentation is unique and creative, tailored to your event! If you are planning a special event for 20 or 200, then Cater Phoenix is where you should start.
5	We had Dennis  cater a 40 th bday party for 45 people at our home last night. We love good interesting food and I wanted beautiful presentation without a mess or hassle of cooking or cleaning. Dennis and his team delivered on all accounts. The food was fantastic, service was superb and they left my kitchen spotless. I will use him again for all of our events. We paid a fortune for the caterer who did our wedding  and the food was not half as good and our guests left hungry. This morning I had fridge full of leftovers because Dennis was so well prepared. Janet Hornstein, Paradise valley
5	This was our first time having a catered event and it couldn't have been any easier!  I shopped around and Cater Phoenix offered the best food choices and the most affordable (and reasonable) rates!  We had a Baptism party which included 35 adults and 20 small children!  Not for the faint of heart!  Dennis' team not only provided delicious food - they were beyond helpful and understanding with the adults AND children! Incredibly friendly and happy to be help out on our special day!   I would use them again in a heartbeat!
5	Dennis and his team were incredible! As a wedding planner I am particular about not only the service but who I work with.  Dennis provided us with an amazing dinner that had our guests raving as they left, about how wonderful everything tasted.  With a Disney themed wedding Dennis had some fun with our couple's food by creating a hidden Mickey grill mark on their salmon dinners.  Then he personally served my couple to give them the extra special feel of a fancy restaurant at our backyard venue. His staff, was professional, efficient and a lot of fun to work with. They even wore the Mickey ears we bought for them! I highly recommend Cater Phoenix and their entire staff for any event. Enjoy!
