1	Brand new location with the worst customer service.. And their fryers are broken and down already! Not to mention dude in the drive through laughs at me for being angry.. This business needs to be ran properly..
4	I came here with my girlfriend a week or so ago and the customer service was good the food was good maybe a little pricey but definitely worth it. I would go back for sure!
1	More employees than customers in the dining room.  Hmm. Food is over priced and awful. I've had Popeye's before elsewhere ,  this is not on par.  Too many kids behind the counter not knowing what they're doing.  Chaos. Give it a few months,  try it out then,  if it's still open...
1	Waited waay too long at drive thru before even anyone helped. Customer service is HORRIBLE. Who trains these people? Emily was extremely rude..so left without my food. We ain't in da hood not going back.
3	They forgot our sauces, and I wouldn't mind if it had just happened to us, but I've heard from other people that they forget things in their orders.
1	Just popped in to try their new "Ghost Pepper" wings. Small pigeon wings and drumsticks that are battered and deep fried.  Thery are about as spicy as KFC original reciepe, but not as good.What is the point of advertising ghost peppers if it isn't spicy?
3	Well, its Popeye's is why it gets its 3 stars but this location is obviously operating from a monopolist mindset with slow service and the highest menu prices in town. No communication regarding being out of mild chicken while waiting patiently in the drivethru, but they did upgrade a piece to a breast no charge. The high school kids manning the store seem friendly enough but seem more focused on the never ending free soda dealie. I can get a 6 piece 2 side 2 biscuit for $6.99 for printing out a coupon at the other location, I guess it'll probably be my last visit. Given how long they expect you to wait in the drive-thru they should take reservations, who do they think they are Farmer Boy's?
1	Don't go to this Popeyes expecting fast food. They must have a different motto as the other Popeyes. They are extremely slow and by the time you get your good you are lucky if you get what you ordered, not to mentioned of its cooked all the way. The manager doesn't even seem to be concerned, only response they know how to give is "oops sorry".  While waiting 30 minutes for my to go order I heard numerous other customer complain about the wait time as well. I get it has just opened but you don't have to have a masters degree to figure out how to cook and serve chicken at a responsible pace. Every other new restaurant has figured it out, why are the hires at this place special.  Would be surprise of this place stays above water, the only thing it has going for it is it's name. If you decide to go here clear your schedule.
