5	We just had our wedding at this place. They worked with our budget and the service was perfect throughout the entire night. I would recommend this place to anyone. They catered food for us also and all the guests loved it. We were eating leftovers for the next couple of days. Thanks for making our special night an event to remember.
2	I had an appointment to tour the location as a possible location for my wedding. I got to the location just in time and found a gentlemen out back. I told him who I was ther to see and he went in the house to get her. When I entered the house I noticed that there was a wedding at the time. I think that it would have been better to call or email me and tell me that they booked the location. I felt like I was intruding on someone's special day. Needless to say, I never got to tour the locations and it left a sour taste in my mouth.
5	We had our elopement ceremony here on August 10th (2013). It was perfect, we loved it, and we loved Michele! We could not have asked for a more perfect day. Miki and Scott
5	My son just got married here today and it couldn't have been anymore special! Michelle and staff were so helpful, friendly and caring!They really gave their all to make our day wonderful! Great place with lots of charm. From the comments that I heard from the guests, they all loved it too! Thanks so much Antique Wedding House! You are the best!!!!!
5	The Antique Wedding House is awesome! Michele and her staff really go above and beyond to make ones day so uniquely special. The venue is beautiful and the wedding package prices are so reasonable for everything you get. My husband and I would not have been able to have the wedding of our dreams if it were not for Michele and the Antique Wedding House. Our day was so absolutely amazing and we have them to thank for it. I would %100 recommend them to anyone who is looking for a venue for their wedding. Thank you Michele!
5	We knew we wanted to do an all-inclusive wedding because we did not want to have to deal with the pain and hassle of all of the planning.   After viewing several venues we decided on the Antique Wedding House.  We fell in love with it the moment we saw it and we absolutely knew it was the venue for us as soon as we finished speaking with Michelle Hart, the owner.  We got to pick our colors, table center pieces, etc.  Our wedding was held outside, at night and was so romantic looking.  The set-up of our wedding was done by Michelle and her staff - they did an awesome job, I just showed up and got married!  I had given Michelle some "extra" decorations the day of our rehearsal for the cake table, candy bar (they provided the scoopers and vases) and some other little things for the tables and the way they set them up - looked amazing.  The staff was very responsive and professional - they made the occasion seem effortless.  The cake, food, DJ, Bartender and Photographer all GREAT! For the extra's that are not included - which I think are just the Liquor and the Flowers - ask Michelle - she has great contacts!All of our guests had a great time at the wedding and everyone (and I do mean everyone) has been complementing me on how perfect everything was - of course I have to give all the credit to Michelle and the Antique Wedding House!   I am ecstatic about how wonderful my wedding was and how on my wedding day that I had ZERO stress!  How many other brides can say that?Thank you Michelle, staff and the Antique Wedding House - you made me one HAPPY BRIDE!
