1	Tried to make an appointment on line twice.  They show available dates and times that are not available.  The office confirmed the appointment only to call back and ask for the appointment to be rescheduled at their convenience.  If you don't have the availability do not make it available on line.
4	Great dentist if you can get over the appointment process
5	This is a great dental office. All of the staff, Samantha, Isaac, and Dr Wills are all great. All staff is caring and compassionate to the needs of the patient. They always value your time and they mAke sure you don't leave the office until your work is 110%.  I would recommend Grand Canyon Dental to any one.  if you are nervous about going to the dentist, Dr Wills is great at calming you down. When it comes to  explaining your work to you, Dr Wills talks to you in terms that the general public is able to understand. Again, if you're looking for a GREAT dentist, choose GRAND CANYON DENTAL!!!!!
5	I've been there twice.  First time for a deep cleaning and second time for a regularcleaning/follow-up.  The doctor was nice and so were the people in the front.  Fran did a really great job and was pleasant to speak with.  The best part was that they were wiling to negotiate the price with me because I do not have insurance.  I really like the location and understand the costs in running a business like that so I'm able to appreciate the fair prices.  Next time I need something done I'll be sure to stop by.
5	I think some dentist should be aware of Dr. wills, because in my point of view in few years for sure 5-10 he is going to be one of the best name out there.It amazed me to see Dr. Wills, the guy have so much confidence, wit and understanding of the dental procedure not just for general dentistry but for other areas such as root canals, oral, implants and more, furthermore, he is explain it answer your questions and not giving this task to his staff, which is annoying in other dental clinics.Let me tell you that the stuff are amazing, profoundly appreciate all their hard work, Samantha is great and responsive, tell me how many dental offices will answer your e-mail in the weekend or will call you to check on you???, not many!the DA's Great as well, smiling, happy which tells you the office is happy and they are doing something there that works.Yes, I see Dr. Wills in few years have one shop that will focus on your Hollywood smile!and I think there is no other place that will make you happy to achieve it.
5	Great dentist. Dr.Wills will for sure be my regular dentist even if it means driving from California.  Him and his staff go about and beyond to make you feel comfortable and relaxed. Great sense of humor previous dentist there messed up my 2 molars pretty bad but thanks to Dr.Wills I am one step closer to achieving the smile I have always wanted :)
5	The best dental clinic in town!! Its rare to find a clinic that treats every patient with genuine care and go that extra mile to make them feel comfortable. Samantha is by far the sweetest staff and she will do whatever it takes to make sure you get the best treatment. She goes above and beyond making sure your treatment goes well, takes care of your insurance and really understands your needs. As far as the facility, the clinic is really clean and i love how they keep you entertained at the waiting area with the latest magazines and animal planet type show. Goes to show how detail oriented they are and how much they care. Lastly Dr Wills, he's the most gentle and caring dentist ive met! From the first time i met him, told him how much i hate going to the dentist. Not only did he impress me with his expertise, he really made me feel so at ease and took care of everything PAIN FREE!! Once you get to know him too you'll realize why the clinic is so successful..his staff, the facility and his treatments. I definitely recommend everyone to go see Dr Wills. Even your kids will love him and the staff!!
5	Dr and his staff are excellent!!! I had to have a root canal. Dr explained to me what he would be doing during the procedure. I was so comfortable and relaxed throughout it. I didn't feel a thing. My pain is gone. I highly recommend Dr.
5	HIGHLY recommended!!!! Having found Dr. on this website, I am delighted to be writing my own review! I have a serious fear regarding dentistry and lucky for me, Dr. is a master at setting your mind at ease. I had two root canals. The procedures were pain-free and on both occasions I was able to carry on with my normal daily activities. He is a warm, kind, and genuine professional. Dr. was incredibly informative about what to expect and kept me in the loop throughout. He was more than generous with his time, taking as much time as needed to answer any questions, and made you feel like your work was his #1 priority. I also liked how his office follows up after the procedure to make absolute sure you're well. :) If you want an expert tendonitis you can trust, this is your guy.
1	My fiance and I were looking for a new dentist after we moved from California to Nevada and I found this place. My first impression was good the girls at the front desk were very nice and helpful. It was all going well until I was brought back into the cleaning room. The doctor barely spoke to me which was fine because all I really wanted was my cleaning but then they sent in the hygienist. She was aweful. She was rude and unprofessional and literally had her breasts resting on top of my head for my entire cleaning. She was very rough and not at all concerned with the pain she was inflicting not to mention that every few minutes she would let out this ridiculous exasperated sigh like I had just ruined her day by being there. It was horrendous. A few days later my fiance had his appointment. Dr. Willis came in and proceeded to try to sell him numerous unnecessary services. They then refused to even do his cleaning until he scheduled for a "deep cleaning" which was going to cost us about $200. Judging from the other reviews on here and google and my personal experience this doctor is only concerned with one thing, his wallet. It was absolutely appalling.
1	First off I want to start with the good the office ladies AMAZING! Hygienist was absolutely perfect made my extremely shy 7 year old open up (which is not the easiest of tasks) ok.... So with all that said the "Dr"  well I can assure you not the most professional of characters made both myself and my husband very uncomfortable as we were here for our childs cleaning (which was needed) he accused us of never taking her to a dentist (which she has seen regularly since she was 4) also said that without putting the child out they do not do cleanings and fillings in the same visit? WHAT!!!  And since my (SHY) daughter refused to speak to him (in my opinion could not blame her) he was adamant that we take her to a pediatric dentist, seeing as our apt was scheduled for 5pm it was like he could not get us out fast enough! My husband and I were so insulted by this guy I am excited to write this review and would tell everyone I know to avoid this place! If your not interested on taking on new clients and going to make them feel as though there not wanted at your office DONT BOOK THE APT!!!!!! THIS WAS THE WORST DENTAL EXPERIENCE I HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED! HORRIBLE.
5	As someone who has needed dental restoration since a very young age, I've had my share in bad experiences. You don't come across very many professionals that have the knowledge you can trust paired with a personality that doesn't make you cringe at the thought of your dental check up. Dr. Wills and his staff have been nothing but phenomenal since my first visit. Not only does he explain things in a way that makes sense, his explanations create a sense of calm regarding any treatment you may need. Not to mention: how often do you find a healthcare professional that calls you himself to make sure you're doing okay after your procedure? In my experience... Not often, if ever. I would recommend Dr. Wills and his staff to anyone that wanted a quality dentist office. You will be in great hands.
5	scared, nervous, anxious, drilling, poking, creepy, pain, expensive. ladies and gentlemen these are words that unfortunately come to mind when you think about having to go to the dentist. I HAVE NEVER LIKED THE DENTIST!! Until now. on September 24, 2014 I met a Dentist ( very different from whom I've encountered in the past) who gave me a warm fuzzy feeling and made me feel completely at ease. he was truthful without being hurtful and he was honest and meant what he said. of course every captain needs a good crew and Dr. Joey Wills has the best of the best. Everyone was sweet and all were confident in what they were doing. From the smiling faces you see when you walk in, the sigh of relief when it turns out its NOWHERE near as bad as you thought when its over, and to the satisfaction when you walk out the door you'll be absolutely glad you came to Current Dental.
5	I have seen Dr. Wills about 2 months ago and finally had the time to post the review. We moved to Las Vegas from LA and it took me a whole 2 years to finally find a dentist I like and trust... My co-worker recommend Dr Wills since she used him before. I called Dr. Wills with an urgent matter. My tooth was killing me. Even though they were fully booked, they made every attempt to fit me in, for which I'm extremely thankful. I absolutely loved their online check-in, saved me so my time! When I came in it was all ready, all I had to do is sign. The office staff and the hygienist were absolutely amazing. Friendly, professional, and gentle . From the time I came in to the time I was sitted in the chair, the wait time was only about 10 minutes! Dr. Wills gained my trust almost instantly. Professional, gentle, knowledge, and with extensive medical background (not just dental). I had to have the tooth extraction and Dr Wills warned me that the tooth was infected and the anesthetic will not be that effective until. I was not willing to wait a week until I complete the antibiotic. Dr. Wills agreed to perform the extraction on the spot since he had a "few tricks up his sleeve". And it did work! I was not in pain, just the pulling and tugging. It was finished so quickly! He prescribed antibiotics and pain meds, which I only needed for the first 2 days. I don't have dental insurance, so the cash price was very reasonable. Bottom line is I absolutely loved Dr. Wills and his staff. I will be bringing my whole family here for all of our dental needs and recommend it to whoever is looking for a great dentist!
