4	Short review:I ride my bike a lot...usually about 100 miles/week. I'm on this particular path every single time (so 5 days/week).It's beautiful and winds along Lake Mendota. It's functional. If you can put up with the idiots who like to walk on the wrong side of the path, it's a worthwhile ride.It loses a star for one reason: A lot of the path is in shambles. It hasn't been paved forever and cracks are everywhere. For a city with lots of money to spend and one constantly under construction, you'd think Madison would take a couple weeks to pave the damn thing.I'll keep riding on it regardless, though.
2	13-13.5 mile run around the lake.Going counter clockwise around starting at the Capitol, the first coffee shop/restroom/water is at about the 8 mile mark.95% of the trail is on residential streets with the houses completely blocking the view of the lake.Large sections of the "bike trail" are unmarked and don't actually have a bike lane.Bikers were not runner friendly.Not what I expected, don't recommend.
5	We rented B bikes right outside our hotel and biked the entire lake in just over an hour. It was a really nice ride, very enjoyable and not difficult. The marked path goes all over, next to the lake, through neighborhoods and parks. It was fun to see areas of Madison we would not have seen otherwise. Would recommend this as a fun adventure!
3	I was staying at the Concourse and I wanted to check out some of the local spots near downtown Madison. I was recommended to try this as a nice out door activity. I rented bikes through the Madison B Cycle program; fortunately, there was a pick up location near my hotel. I enjoyed the bike path when I first started. There were many other bikers and runners on the path. However, the smell of the lake was a little pungent. It was a nice scenery, the background was very green with all the trees surrounding the water. There were wake surfers and people kayaking on the lake, which had a nice family feeling to it. I was told that the bike path around the lake is approximately 13 miles. As I was riding, I noticed that the paths started to split. I followed other bikers, but lost them because I couldn't catch up (the rented bikes were single speed compared to the actual professional cyclists). About half way through, I noticed I was no longer following a bike path. Instead, I was riding through residential streets, including 2 very steep hills (not easy on a single speed bike). I was pretty much lost for an hour, riding around the streets. Unfortunately, I was running out of cellular service, too (t-mobile needs to extend their services out there). Without any way of finding a map, I used the lake as a guide. I knew I'd end up where I started and won't be lost if I can see the lake. Soon enough, I made it back safely. I'm giving this 3 stars because the paths were a little misleading. I would recommend this to anyone who is traveling with a partner. The distance is short so it's a good work out, but not totally pushing the limit. However, if you're not familiar of the location, you may get lost.
4	Overall, my bike ride along this trail was pleasant and I am definitely planning to do it again. I'm a leisurely biker, and for me this trial was well marked, popular among other cyclists, and not very busy as far as cars go. There's also a few rest areas in parks a little off the trail. I stopped in Winnequah park to get water and use the restroom, and it was decent. The views and neighborhoods that are along this trail are gorgeous during the summer. The main reason it lost a star was this detour on the east side of the lake at Walter road. Apparently, the city of Monona doesn't allow bikes on the sidewalk, so for part of the trail you have to detour through a neighborhood. The detour involves many turns weaving around blocks. If you don't mind riding on the side of a busy street for about 5 minutes, I would recommend ignoring the detour signs and just staying on the original road until you meet up with the trail again. A bike lane is marked after about 5 minutes of riding, so you don't have to ride with traffic very far.
4	I've never been so I'm giving benefit of doubt I'm gonna love it. I read the few reviews on here and saw pics . I'd like to get a run in sometime this morning when it warms up at bit. Ready for beautiful outdoor scenery versus treadmill at gym (not that there isn't great scenery there *wink. Hope to get a good runners high, set the mood for today. I will rewrite review if it turns out great or not so great.
