4	Great local shop and a great selection... from $7 bottles of wine to $500 bottles of cognac. They also stock Crystal Skull Vodka (promoted by Dan Aykroyd in one of their other locations in Scottsdale recently).One of the owners, Ted, was there this Sunday and was extremely helpful. We know nothing about wine, and he took the extra time to make us comfortable and explain which types might work best for our palates. His knowledge is extensive.We purchased a bottle and are excited to give it a try tonight.I also picked up a couple "pocket shots"... this is really cool technology and I have not seen it anywhere else in the valley yet.http://www.pocketshot.net/
4	Great selction.  Informative Staff.  LOTSA inventory!
4	Great wine selection!HUGE inventory!I wish the decor were a little more homey, as I kinda feel like I'm in a warehouse store when I visit, but that's the only negative I can think of.Yay wine!
5	I went to a wine tasting event here and I have to say I was impressed with the selection, prices and hospitality of the owners.  This is a great local business.They have a nice casual seating area and a size able bar.  Nifty!I scored a nice 92 point Port for $8.95.  $8.95!
5	They have a great wine tasting event every week. Great place to meet new friends and taste good wine.  Selection is great and they have ordered for me many times.  Much better prices than other places I have shopped.
5	This is a great place to find hard to get wines.  They have really reasonable prices as well.  Richard is the one usually running the place and is very friendly and helpful with selecting wine.  They also carry a good selection of Arizona wines.
4	This is a Five Star wine shop! If you're looking for a rare bottle of wine, or even just something special then this is a must stop. I've been here several times and have always been surprised to fine something new. They're into having just 4 or five bottles out even though everything is sold by the case prices which makes for a good deal. If you have any reason whatsoever to be in the Cave Creek/Carefree area -- then you must stop! Total Wines in Desert Ridge seems to have more cases but this is my favorite place. Enjoy!
5	Recently moved 100 ft, right around the corner.  If you're having trouble locating it, its in town hall, footsteps from the Post Office.I went for one of their Friday tastings and it was great.  Found a nice bottle of Tim Mondavi's Continuum and a substantial discount (normally much more expensive).  They also have other rarities like Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot.Nice!
4	Nice selection and pricing.
5	Really nice wine tastings on Fridays at 6pm to 8pm. Always great wines at great prices. We go when we can and find different wines we might not have tried if it wasn't for the wine tastings.
