5	Forget about sending boring 'ol flowers again....These arrangements are not only Edible but Beautiful.... How about a Bouquet they can really enjoy,  & unlike flowers that die in a few days....These will be gladly enjoyed for the few hours (if you can last that long)...  Imagine a Bouquet of CHOCOLATE COVERED CHERRIES!!!!  WOW I can almost take the sweetness... They are not cheap, heck sending flower isn't either... but well, well worth it!, Your loved one deserves a treat from the ordinary, or Maybe pick one up for your office, a nice way to buy a gift without having it be to personal. Ya gotta try it at least once.
4	Roses are nice, but they die. Who wants to send (or receive) a gift that is just going to die? Personally, I would rather have a gift I could eat then a gift I can just smell and watch die.That's why I LOVE Edible Arrangements. The last arrangement I recieved had pineapple slices cut into the shape of a daisy and dipped in chocolate... The juicy pineapple and bittersweet chocolate complement each other perfectly. It also had strawberries, grapes and melon. I have sent arrangements to friends and family and people are always so impressed by the uniqueness. Orders can be places online, over the phone or in person. You can also sign up on their website for coupons. Next time you are thinking about sending that special someone a bouquet of flowers, think outside the box and surprise them with an edible bouquet instead!
4	Their fruit is AMAZING especially when it is dipped in chocolate. The only bad comment is that it is a little on the pricey side but well worth for those "special" occasions.
5	Charlene was such a sweetheart to deal with. Had a groupon for a dozen strawberries, and although they didn't have my order, Charlene remembered my name. Not sure what happened, but they made me a new order in about 10 minutes so everything was good. I didn't open the box to check, but my friend loved them. Also really convenient location - Las Vegas Blvd/windmill (blue diamond) in strip mall w food 4 less
5	Great, great people here.  I stopped in to place an order and in about 5 minutes my order was done!  The woman who helped me was super nice and the arrangement came out looking better than the picture.  I was very impressed.
5	Ordered the chocolate covered strawberry mix box on Mother's Day and received it the following day. Came to this specific location due to the incredible reviews. Unfortunately, I received the wrong box and when my mom opened the box and I saw that it was not the correct one, I was very mad. The next morning I called and told them about the mess up. A guy answered as soon as they opened at 8am and he did not even ask what happened or argued with me or even made an excuse, he asked to come back whenever and receive the right box. I went right away and he was not expecting me but the staff was quick to give me the right box.  Great service recovery. Absolutely will come again.
5	Very friendly employees!I have ordered several things before from edible arrangements but only received form this location. The fruits have always been fresh and they are very generous with their chocolate. I love receiving these as gifts! They're beautiful and unlike flowers, they won't go to waste. I called to find out a little more about what I had received and the man who answered the phone was very helpful and friendly. Although I haven't ordered anything from them, they seem like they would be very helpful
5	These guys are wonderful. It was my brother's birthday, and I was across the country.  I needed an arrangement delivered the same day.  They helped me pick out a beautiful basket that was perfect for my brother's party.  Even when there was a snafu with the address (totally my fault), they were patient and helpful. If you need a great gift, even if it's last-minute, Edible Arrangements is the way to go.
5	We got a arrangement today at the office.   Jeesh.  It lasted all of 10 minutes.  Extremely fresh and tasty fruit arrangement.  The juiciest pineapple I've ever eatten.  Prices are decent.  I actually expected to pay a lot more for this
3	This was my first time ordering with Edible Arrangements.CUSTOMER SERVICE:  4 STARS OVERALL!  The guy behind the counter was very nice and patient with me (5 STARS) !  I called a few days ago and their phone system was broken (-1/2 STAR), I called today to say I was going to be 15 min late to pick up...no answer (-1/2 STAR) Corporate Customer Service...Extremely helpful and nice!!QUALITY OF PRODUCT:  3 STARSSadly, the fruit was not fresh.  I asked the counter guy when the product was made and he said earlier that afternoon.  My pickup was at 6pm.  The corporate number I called said it is made right before which is why I scheduled it for when I did.  The strawberries, bananas, and pineapples were sad looking and mushy.  I think the apples were fine but those tend to hold up longer.  I don't think I will go back to Edible Arrangements.  For what you pay for these things, I expected the cream of the crop.  Instead got mushy gop. :-(
