5	Friendly and accomodating receptionist, telephone scheduling.  Good doctor.
4	Very easily made my first appointment.  The front desk staff is incredibly accommodating and friendly.I had no problem making an appointment...they took me in first thing the next morning.Dr. Hajbandeh was nice and explained everything very thoroughly and didn't appear to be in a rush to see his next patient.
5	Love this doctor, they are so accomadating and can always get me in if I am sick. Also the doctor always takes his time with me and never rushes and makes sure I dont have any questions. I highly reccommend him !!
1	I was a big fan of Dr. H a few years ago. I had some kind of stomach thing that resolved on its own by the time I got there. He blamed it on too much alcohol, which I thought was odd at the time since I don't drink more than two beers per week. Later on, in an anatomy class, I found out that this specific issue could not have had anything to do with alcohol.Fast forward to this year. My husband was having an issue (that I won't specify for the sake of privacy- I will say that it was fairly basic). I sent him to Dr. H because he was close by and friendly. I also warned hubski that he shouldn't mention alcohol since it had nothing to do with anything. Hubski told the doc that he consumed one beer per month. He was advised to cut down. Hmmm. A few weeks later when the lab results came in, a significant lab was missing- it had never been ordered. Furthermore, the doc misread/misinterpreted one of the lab reports. Because of said privacy, I can't go into detail about how this ruined my life for 6 months, but I can tell you that when I saw the results myself, the true reading with correct interpretation was in BIG BOLD CAPS. How could he have missed that?We thought the issue was over... Hubski got a call last week advising him that he missed an appointment. This was 8 months after the previous appointment. Given the experience we had with Dr. H, there was no chance there would have been another appointment. They are billing us $50 for a missed appointment fee.If you would like your issue, whatever it may be, blamed on alcohol, go here. If you would like to go to a doctor with outdated legal paperwork, go here. If you would like your life ruined by misread lab results, go here. We've have taken our business elsewhere.
5	I've only been twice, but from what I've experienced he is a great doctor.  One experience absolutely won me over... I was scheduled to go scuba diving while on vacation in Hawaii, but did not know that the company I was going with required a doctors note saying I was clear to go. (Weird, I know.)  So here I was, holding up the group and was freaking out because I thought I wasn't going to be able to go.  I called Dr. H, and he was in an appointment but asked the receptionist if he could fax a clearance to this company.  10 minutes later it was faxed! I was able to go with my group and it made my vacation so much better.All the other doctors I've gone to probably wouldn't have gotten around to this, let alone this quickly.  I've also never had a problem making an appointment, and he is very thorough with his checkups.
4	Me and my whole family see Dr. Hajbandeh. I don't usually see doctors much but every time I had a visit with him he has been caring and has listened to my problems. Unlike most doctors i never feel rushed during my visits.He does take the time to double check everything and makes sure i do not have any additional concerns before I leave.Making appointments with them is very easy. Many times I have been able to make last minute appointments. The only issue i had with them was with their billing department when they did not send me a reimbursment check despite several phone calls by me and my INS company.I would rather they offered billing options for people who do not want to pay up front beause many doctors do that.
5	I have been seeing Dr Hajbandeh since March of this year and each time for very different reasons.  Love his bedside manner, he never makes you feel rushed, he explains everything he is doing.  He is concerned with the "whole person".   I would highly recommend him.
5	Doctor H is amazing.  He cares about his patients and most importantly he listens.  He treats our whole family and he truly is one of the best doctors.  He truly cares about his patients which is rare.
