5	I am going to preface this review by saying that I have really nothing to compare this company to since I had never hired a cleaning service before other than to clean a rental house we owned at one time.That being said, I have been very, very pleased with Maid to Order Cleaning since I hired them over a year ago! They have been prompt, courteous, reliable, trustworthy and very responsive to any concerns I have had. They call every week to confirm my next weeks' appt, and if my cleaning day falls on a Holiday, they call me in advance to schedule another day and time as soon after that day (usually the next day) as possible. I have called on a couple of occasions when there were things that weren't done to my satisfaction, and the owner (Judy) sent the girls back out to do the job right. When one team seemed to not be working out perfectly, she switched me to her lead team and called to make sure that everything was satisfactory. She actually ENCOURAGED me to call if I had any complaints and said that she appreciated me letting her know of the problem! Imagine that!These girls make my house look amazing in just a couple of hours. They pay attention to the small things, like folding the bath towels just so, arranging the kids' stuffed animals on their beds, and letting me know if one of the kids' sheets needs to be changed. I leave them in my home alone for much of the time that they are cleaning, and they lock up after themselves and I have NEVER found anything 'missing' even though I don't hide my valuables. They even leave loose change that they find on the floor on the counter! They are that honest. They even pretend to be interested (and to understand!) the inane stories that my five year old son tries to tell them whenever he is here, and were very polite when my 7 year old daughter said 'Hola' to them (she was very proud that she could speak to them in Spanish since they are Hispanic).Their rates are very, very reasonable in my opinion (again, I don't have a lot to compare it to) and I would not hesitate to recommend them to anyone.
5	I have been utilizing MTO Cleaning for a few years now and am ALWAYS satisfied with the service!  Judy, the owner, is fantastic and is always willing to work me in if I need a cleaning last minute.  I also really like that she prices homes by sq ft - they don't have to come out to do an estimate like many other services do.  They will come as often as you like and you will be VERY happy you spent the money - and I think it's EXTREMELY affordable!!
5	I couldn't be happier with the service I get from Judy and her crew. I first had them out because we had guests coming to visit and I wanted the house to be perfect. It was better than perfect! They even dusted the light bulbs in the bathroom!!! I've since scheduled monthly visits and my house looks AMAZING when they're done. This is money well spent and to be honest, I don't know why I didn't hire them sooner. :)
2	If you want a really thurough job, don't use this company.  They did not do my windows, nor do they do walls.  Did not clean kitchen backsplash.  Just picked up the big chunks.  Saved me some time but was hoping for better.
1	I switched to Maid to Order expecting great cleaning service due to the reviews. I was not pleased and actually ended up having to follow them around pointing everything they were missing. They didn't dust door frames, ledges, my staircase banister, they didn't move anything so left big piles of dust because they were too lazy to move anything (ie a stack of 5 DVD's...it was all dusty and dirty on the floor behind them. stayed that way). I was promised baseboards would get cleaned...even after I called Judy and she ensured they'd be cleaned, all the girl did was run her duster along them so they weren't cleaned at all. I literally had to grab the girl multiple times and ask "do you guys not dust shelves?" "do you guys not include dusting door frames?" and she gave me a blank look then half hazardly dusted them....leaving dust balls all over the floors that were vacuumed earlier.  On top of that, they didn't vacuum using the extension hoses around furniture or along baseboards...so that was something else I needed to re-do. I was so irritated with the lack of cleaning that was done I was ready for them to leave and had to go through my house and re-vacuum, re-dust....I will not use them again because I do a better job cleaning my own house. Here I thought it would be such a time saver and great help to hire someone to clean for me once a month. But not when you have to go back through your house and re-do everything.
5	We have used Maid to Order to clean our house every two weeks for the last 5 months and they have been fantastic. They are always friendly and joke with my crazy monkey (2 1/2 year old son) when he starts asking them questions while they clean. The same 2 ladies always come so that they know what we like and where things go. And, to top it off, we used them to clean a rental home we had recently and it was so fantastic that the Property Management company was even impressed. I have tried other cleaning companies and I will never turn back. Maid to Order and Judy are wonderful!
5	I have been using Maid to Order for a few years, they are extremely dependable, honest, friendly and do a great job.
5	We've used Maid to Order cleaning on a weekly basis in our home for several years.  And without exception, we've been pleased with the quality of their work and their dependability.  Their dependability has been shown not only in the work that they've done in our house, but also in dealing with the management.  Before we switched to Maid to Order, we'd used several other cleaning services but always seemed to have issues with timeliness, rooms being ignored, and finding items broken (without us being informed).  We've never had that issue with Maid to Order.  They clean much more thoroughly than I would ever do on my own!  I love Thursdays, when I come home to a very clean house, all due to Mad to Order!
5	These Gals Know how to Clean! My Girl Friend recommended them to me because she had used them in the past and loved it. My house is 2000 sq ft of title and the hardest thing to clean in the world and they got it done. I paid for two hours and they were here for two and a half. I tipped $10 bucks but once they left I felt like I underpaid. They book about a week out because of how good they are, so make sure you a call ahead.
5	I have used Maid To Order for about two months now and I couldn't be happier.   They arrive on time and get right to it.   I'm usually busy working in another room but when they let me know they are done, It is such a pleasure to go through and see what an significant difference they make.  Beds are made to look as they do in hotels, flowerettes in tissue boxes and toilet paper rolls.  I am very pleased and look forward to having them come biweekly.   My only regret is I waited much too long to have someone come in and give me a break.Thank you Ladies.   You are the best!Bette F.
5	Judy, I just returned from a long business trip to find my house beautifully  clean.  The team you sent did a great job and paid attention to detail.  I would request that they work here always.  Please pass on my thank you to the lady's .  Thanks again!
1	Left a message 3 weeks ago to get an estimate and Judy never returned the phone call.  What a way to run a business!!
