5	Na na na na, hay, hay, hay, goodbye!Whenever the time comes for somebody to leave to go on to bigger and better things, what better way to make it official and celebrate it with a UYE!When I showed up, the first thing that Tetsuro says to me is, "Thanks for coming! I didn't think this many people would show up!" Umm hello! You are going away to finish your PHD. Dude, if there was ever something to celebrate, it would be the ultimate degree! Throw in the ambiance, good food, and awesome peeps as the cherry on top!I finally got to meet Vegas J, Daniel S, Samantha G, Ife A, Lon L, and Kevin T. Shouts out go out to Phillip T and his wife, Nick O and her +1 Kory, Eva B, Tony T, Shawn S, Cathy C, and of course, the man of the hour, Tetsuro! A Special shout out goes out to Lon L for making a fabulous Coconut/Pineapple cake that was off the chain. Lon, you can make a cake any time you want especially if its for any UYE's I might create. :)Lastly, thanks to the good folks at Japanese Curry Zen for putting up with us. Your great service and food truly made sure nobody was grumpy from hunger! I especially cant forget to mention the appetizers that were being passed around. They said it was something new they were trying out and might put it on their menu. Well then, I guess we just happen to be at the right place at the right time!So Tetsuro, I wish you well in any and all of your endeavors. I am definitely looking forward to a "Tetsuro's PHD Gradualtion UYE".
5	Sorry for running late...but better late than never!My first time at Zen....this place is tiny!  I don't think I have ever seen, let alone ate at a restaurant any smaller lol...makes some of these local Ramen-Ya look huge :PThe food was pretty good though!  We ordered the Pork, Chicken, Sausage, and Potato cake and all were juicy and flavorful.  It was my first time eating Japanese curry, and I have to say, it was a little bland for my taste buds...in comparison to the Thai, Indian, and other Asian curries I am more accustomed to.  However, a few sprinkles of the Extra Hot gave it a little pep, and it was much more enjoyable afterwards.Of course we were all here to say goodbye to Tetsuro's Yelp presence, and there was plenty of good conversation to be had...I feel bad, since we didn't leave until after 130am, and I know they close at 11pm!Good food, good times, good convo...successful UYE!
5	I'm glad people were still hanging out eventhough we were late - I was starving and didn't want to miss people.  I like Japanese curry...I like Zen...I wanted to say bye to Tetsuro so, I RSVP'ed and went to this UYE.I had my usual brown rice, pork cutlet, corn and croquette.  I've been here many times before so I knew what to expect: the food and the size of the place.  What I didn't expect was a delicious cake that Lon L made!  Omnomnomnom!It was great to see Roger T. Riah T., Ife A, Tetsuro, Vegas J, Lon L, Tony T, Philip T and wifey, Daniel S and Julie K.  Good food and good conversations.  We were there until a bit after 1am and it was cool that they let us stay there that late.Goodluck, Tetsuro!  When you're done with school and hibernating from Yelp, we should do another UYE!  :)
5	It was this past Saturday, on a very hot Las Vegas night that I attended a very cool Yelper's UYE. It wasTetsuro's Sayonara, Aloha Going Away UYE at Japanese Curry Zen. Tetsuro, the controversial bad boy of Yelp was setting off on a new journey to focus full time on a Doctorate in Psychology.  Inside the Yelp bad boy Tetsuro was a soul with a heart of gold. He is Ron. This 5 star rating is my tribute to Ron. I am privileged to have shared a Yelp turned to real life friendship with Ron. It was a friendship that developed from my posting of Buckingham Fountain in Chicago ("Married With Children" theme song). I had been following his reviews. They were works of genius. They were brilliant, funny, useful, and what some would regard as controversial. Controversy creates interest! As Tetsuro developed in Yelp, his reviews entered a new frontier: inspirational. In his Zion National Park Review, Tetsuro let out his soul. It was one of the most touching reviews that I ever read. The writing was on the wall for Tetsuro to develop into Ron. As my Yelp friendship with Tetsuro (Ron) grew, I was seeing through the writing. What I was seeing was a very sensitive person with a sense of humor. His pictures showed an admiration for nature and wildlife. He was a very giving Yelp friend that made public check-ins more fun with his votes and comments. He supported my and many of his his friends reviews, tips, and pictures. It was obvious that Tetsuro the bad boy of Yelp was going to yield to his antithesis: Ron.  Ron did too good of a job with Tetsuro. With Tetsuro came some controversy. Coming into the UYE there was some threats of trouble going down in the UYE. As we know when it is scorchy outside, crime escalates. I pictured the images in Barry Manilow's song "Copacabana."  Instead the night was 5 star Yelp camaraderie. Drama was replaced by optimism. Over delicious food in Japanese Curry some of my Yelp friends transformed from the digital screen to real life. They included Amanda. M, Ife. A, Lon, Roger. T, Samantha. G, Shawn. H, Tetsuro (Ron), and Vegas. J. If I forgot anybody, p.m. me and I will buy you dinner. I also developed Yelp friendships with Dalton. H and Eva. B. Although Tetsuro was misunderstood by some Yelpers, it was obvious that all the Yelpers here adored Ron.  When I drove into the Las Vegas night near two in the morning, I felt good for Ron. His personal friendship lives on. He is keeping his Yelp account. I am optimistic that he will return to Yelp as Ron, or The Yelper formerly known as Tetsuro, On account of his work he will not be able to show his picture. And then it dawned on me, "What if Ron attains a Doctorate in Psychology in Yelping and Social Media?" Tetsuro I will miss you, Ron I will be shooting you a text soon.The Daniel. S Yelp 100 Challenge. Review 84. Dedicated to Testuro (Ron)
