5	If I'm correct this is the newest location for Patty's Closet. I love shopping at this boutique because of the unique items that they have. Last I heard, they were going to start carrying some upscale pieces so I definitely want to go back and check it out. Patty's own jewelry line called Queen B is also something you're going to want to bring home with you. I always make it a point to stop by this boutique during my Vegas trips and always leave with bag fulls of new great items from clothing to accessories. Patty and her husband are always more than helpful and the prices are AMAZING for what you're getting!  It's definitely worth checking out!
4	My first time checking out Pattys closet and I was impressed. I love their concept of having only 4 or 5 sizes of each clothing and are not repetitive in style.  You find things that are unique and very much affordable.The girl who greeted me was very sweet out going and engaging in conversation also very helpful. Upon my next return to this cute boutique the same girl who greeted me the first time remembered me, and that felt great to know I wasn't just another face in the crowd.
5	I heart this inexpensive fashion boutique place. You can get fashion summer wear for steal and when you sign up with them, you get additional discount! Yaye!
5	awesome little boutique with employees who have no problem in the customer service dept.  whenever I come in the girlsare warm and totally inviting.  I came in for a particular outfit and they asked a couple questions regarding my preference in fit.. and i was in the dressing room in a matter of minutes.. they did an excellent job of recommending  a couple outfits without me having to leave the dressing room with not just one outfit.. but multiple outfits including jewelry options!  it was like having personal styling assistants. it was dope.i love the atmosphere of all patty's closets.  the decor is modern and the clothes selection [though not as much as commercial stores] offers great quality and some very original yet distinct  pieces you won't see around on everyone.did i mention they sell jewelry? I love this shop!
5	You may wonder why you should shop another Patty's Closet location when you already have a favorite one in mind, right? Well, here's why: each Patty's Closet has a different interior design than the others and merchandise is different, too. So really, if you're spending a day shopping, it would be to your benefit to shop all three locations in one day! And Patty's Closet prices are so affordable, that you can shop all three locations and not break the bank! This location at Cimmaron is the Blue Store, and the interior design is soothing and chic. Of course, the merchandise is also stylish and keeps today's fashion completely within your reach. And the location is convenient to more shopping, so you have to keep this Patty's Closet on your shopping radar always!
5	This is my favorite fashion boutique! So far, I've been to the Pink store on Rainbow & the Blue Store on Blue Diamond. Both stores are decorated so freaking cute! Just like their apparel. Soooooo Cute!!I'm addicted to coming to the Blue Diamond store. I try to go whenever I can on my day off. It's near my house in Mountain's Edge so that is a major plus. I can't wait to check out the Purple store on S. Eastern & the Summerlin Store.  Seriously, every time I wear an outfit I purchased from Patty's Closet, I always get a compliment about the outfit. Of course, I tell all the ladies about Patty's Closet.  This is the best place to shop.  I love Patty's Closet because I love all their different styles, affordable prices & I love their amazing service. Every time I come in, I always come out w/ something so cute. So many beautiful things in there. I have to warn you, if you love to shop for clothes, you could get lost. There's so many cute outfits, I get lost in my decision making. Thankfully, they have an amazing staff to help you find your way.The staff is very welcoming, so nice, enthusiastic & full of beautiful ideas w/ helping me find what I'm looking for. If you give them your cell phone number, they text you coupon deals. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Patty's Closet!
5	I love dresses. I buy them for events, I buy them for events I don't know about yet, I buy 4 for one event. So it's a problem. Sort of. I get my dress fix and so much more at Patty's Closet. I just happened to choose this location because it's the most convenient to my house but the locations I've been to have all been wonderful. Great selection and such unique styles! Unless you run with a crowd that all shops here, no one will ever show up in the same outfit as you. Any time I've worn anything from Patty's Closet I've been asked where I got the item, it's fun! The prices are incredibly reasonable so you don't have to flip a coin on which item to buy...get them both! Great accessories are the icing on the cake. I wish I knew about this place a long time ago! The best place to spend a Saturday afternoon or run to for a last minute out on the town outfit!
4	I finally managed to make it out to this store as well as the rainbow one last night. I am pretty impressed with this boutique because Las Vegas is in dire need of more boutiques in the suburbs. The thing that impressed me the most is that the customer service at these stores is impeccable. You'll never walk around holding clothes for more than 3 minutes before these girls start you a fitting room. Each location has totally different stuff which I love, but I'd say 80% is club wear/stuff that people who go to clubs every night probably wear during the day, meaning there are a lot of super short and super tight things, SO many one armed things, blingy things, and others that are not my style. I'm more of a classic/bohemian hippie girl, but between the 2 stores, I made away with 3 items out of the ~20 I tried on. All 3 items were between $25 and $30 but I think some things were a bit pricey (for what you're getting) since 2 of the items were 100% polyester and the 3rd was 80%. My other small tiff is that there are no refunds. I'm as indecisive as they come, especially when it comes to clothes. So I purchased this skin tight black mini dress thinking it'll be a treat for my husband on our NYE date. When I got home and walked around in it, I realized it may be a treat (or just utterly disgusting) to anyone else who might see me because that dress rides up like no other. Every other step was necessary for a tug down unless I wanted to flash someone and I don't want to be THAT girl. So alas, I need to get rid of this dress, but the rules are that I can only exchange it or get store credit. Oh well. I'm sure I'll be able to find something I like in the future and that means I'll definitely be back.
5	I love this store...  I  lived in mountains edge... that store is tooo cuteeee... cute and afordable for us hard working girlies who gotta pay bills and also need to shop to be cute and happy ...LOL   Yes the girls here are sooo nice and Genuinne...not fake or rude... its a fun store and everything is color coordinated... LOVE THAT !!!!  Thanks girls for making it a funnn and fab store that cheers up the ladies of Vegas.... u ROCK !!!!
