3	I went here for lunch and got the grilled cajun chicken sandwich and salad, both of which were fine.  The service was really good.  Overall, not a bad place, but nothing spectacular.
3	So apparently I have this habit, at least last week, of visiting a bar/restaurant during its most dead time. In this case, it was somewhat understandable for Clark Bar & Grill because it was a very uneventful sports week. Regardless, I wanted to check out this place, housed in the old manufacturing warehouse of the historic Clark Bar Candy Co. (RIP) just north of PNC Park.I wasn't overly impressed with either the menu or beer selections. In fact, there were only five beers on tap and one had just kicked. I ordered the special, a Reuben sandwich with tater tots, which were both decent. I washed it down with a Penn Pilsner (local brew) and then left to go check out another place on the North Side.This may be a good spot to hit up before/after a Pirates or Steelers game because of its proximity to both stadiums, but I'm not sure I'd venture back otherwise.
3	My review is limited to the restroom.  I was in town for a Steelers/Jets game and the portable toilet line was very long.  So I walked over here and for $5 the allowed me to use the restroom for the rest of the day (they stamped my hand).  I was told that it would be donated to a charity (I believe he said ALS).  Great idea if it is true.  The restroom is not very large (men's room had 2 urinals and 2 toilets) but it is much better than the options out in the parking lot.  As far as the rest of the place, it was packed with fans prior to game time.  Lots of food, drinks and tv.  Might be a better hang out spot if the weather is crummy. But I prefer to tailgate.  It'd be a good spot to watch the game if you did not have a ticket and tailgated with your friends.
4	If you love Pittsburgh sports & classic Pittsburgh food / beer, you will love this place!  First, the atmosphere is great because you're surrounded by Pittsburgh sports memorabilia.  The food is excellent. I've gone here for lunch many times & have always loved my meal.  Today I had the special: clam-chowder soup, tuna fish sandwich, & tater-tots. Yum!!Friendly service & reasonable prices!
5	Amazing food - hands down, my favorite place to eat in the city. The manager, Tom, is wonderfully attentive and friendly. The whole place is clean and holds a very proud pittsburgh feel to it... just a lovely and affordable place.
