4	Paninnis, baguettes, cakes, coffees, smoothies, pastries, this one ticks every box!  As the title suggests, Caffe Citro specialises in fresh juices and smoothies and has an entire chill dedicated to these bottled ice teas, smoothies and lemonades.Caffe Citro provides outdoor seating, which was delightful on a day like today when the sun was blazing and, though parched, I wanted to remain outside!  The coffee is good as well, but what I love about this place is that it sells Mackie's ice cream!  Next to Ben and Jerry's, definitely my favourite!  I find that the staff are always friendly in here and the decor is bright and fun, so Caffe Citro is always on my list when looking for a fresh bite and drink around Corstorphine!
4	This place is great for a whole host of reasons!A wide selection of consistantly good food, great smoothies and fruit juices all prepared freshly for you when you order. Outdoor seating which earns two stars when the sun is shining. Ice cream - and lots of it, all of which was Mackies, a locally produced icecream that tastes great. And all of this costs suprisingly little, which is always a great thing!Yup, they are all great reasons to come here.
4	On the day I was out and about in Costorphine, it seemed to be awash with great little businesses.  This one was no exception - Caffe Citro, situated at the top of Station Road.  It's run by a couple of ladies, both of whom had a very cheery disposition, and gave me a warm welcome.  I bought myself a bottle of water and sat down to enjoy the relaxed ambience.The cafe had a very fresh feeling, with a few tables and chairs, some window seats, and a smattering of sofas.  There was a wide range of hot and cold food, cakes, desserts and even Mackies ice cream on offer.  Whilst I didn't sit outside in said outdoor seating (it was raining), I can see that it would be a pleasant place to have a seat outside.This place is a real find.  Make sure to pay them a visit if you're in the area - you won't be disappointed!
