5	Could not believe we were in a Best Western. This hotel is only 2 miles from Williams Gate Airport, Allegiant Air. It is literally only 5 minutes away. Great for getting there at 5am for a 7am flight. We loved the place! It isn't decorated like any other Best Western I have ever seen. Staff were lovely to work with, very helpful. THe owner's brother was cooking on Friday AM, he came out to offer us a bean cake. He chatted and was super friendly. We will stay here again. Family in Mesa will bring us here more often as their health is failing.
5	I echo Cindy C.'s glowing review of this hotel-we stayed here before flying out of Mesa Airport (IWA) for a morning flight last weekend. It is the absolute-best Best Western property I have ever used for a nightly nap and is VERY close to the airport (in a positive way, not in a negative/noisy way). The staffers were very pleasant and the facility appearance resembled a few boutique-hotels in which I have stayed previously. I can see where business-travelers could be quite at home here. The free breakfast used Tazo teas to accompany an otherwise "normal" hotel-with-wafflemaker breakfast. The room was well-decorated and apportioned, with an air conditioner which worked very well. The restroom had a heat lamp in it and the large bath tub had one of those "rain-styled" showerheads so many people are adding to their showers these days. The in-room refrigerator worked well; I did not try the microwave or coffee machine during my stay. The work-out room had decent equipment (a treadmill, some weight machines, a set of hand-weights going to 50#, and more) and did not smell of sweat as many can. The outdoor swimming pool was well-kept, with a hot-tub connected to it, allowing you to hop from hot-tub-to-swimming-pool without walking onto the pool deck; the water temperature for both was perfect. We did not utilize the hotel's bar (located next to the breakfast area).FWIW-there was an area-wide power blackout the morning we left the property which was not the fault of the property itself; all of the "fire doors" were closed in the hallways and there was no electricity in the hotel (and the surrounding Mesa area)--always remember to have a travel alarm clock in case this happens to you. We were able to easily navigate through the hallways to get to the ground floor and make our flight (we had been minutes from checking out from our visit when the outage occurred, so it did not matter to us). I only mention this because I do not know if this is a common Mesa-area occurrence or not, and those who would have needed a 7:30 a.m. wake-up call might not have gotten it due to the circumstances).
1	We booked this hotel as they're the nearest to the Phx-Mesa Gateway airport.  Believe me, that is the ONLY advantage to staying here.  First of all, we programmed our GPS to the address listed for the hotel, and it wasn't in the GPS.  After driving some extra miles, and figuring this out, since I'm somewhat familiar to the area, we finally made it, and arrived to check in around 9:00pm.  When we told the front desk staff that the GPS hadn't worked well to find them, they said (very flippantly) "Oh yeah, GPS can never find us."  Turns out that the posted address of the hotel is the MAILING address ('cause everyone need's a hotels mailing address, right?!), and the physical location is in Gilbert (not Mesa), so the GPS can't find them at the mailing address.  Besides this irritation, and the staff apparently thinking this was quite funny, I then asked for a couple of extra pillows for our bed (as we both have some back problems, and need extra pillows to sleep comfortably.)  I was told, "We don't have extra pillows."  Huh??  You're a hotel, right?  (No apology whatsoever, either.)  We arrived in our room, and the temperature was STIFLING.  It was well over 100*F in Phoenix, and the room was shut up tight with NO air on.  We set our thermostat to 74*, and it ran non-stop until 2:30 am to reach that temperature, as it was over 90* when we entered.  The next morning, we went down for the complimentary breakfast, which was VERY ordinary.  Nothing horrendous, but nothing special either.  Oh, and their wifi worked in some areas of the room, and not in others, and when I called, I was told "There are no problems with the wifi" and got absolutely no help at all. I fly in and out of Phoenix multiple times each year, but I'll be looking for somewhere else to stay next time.  You should too...
3	I recently had an extended (nearly three week) stay here for business.  I think it's safe to say that in that amount of time, you can get a much better idea of a hotel rather than the "snapshot" that a normal overnight traveler might get.First, let me get the complaining out of the way:- The AC in the rooms has a sensor unit that turns it off when you're out of the room for an extended period. This is good for the environment (and the hotel's power bill), but not for someone who is gone for business eight hours per day in August and then returns to find their room to be in the 90 degree range until the AC can catch up after flicking back on.- The (front desk) staff ranges anywhere from extremely friendly to somewhat scary. Your luck will prevail against other factors in this regard.- Many days, the housekeeping service seemed to run very late. Even if I returned to my room for the day after 4pm, my room would sometimes still not be cleaned.- There aren't any stores except one convenience store within easy walking distance (closest is about 3/4 mile).That being said, there were good points:- The free WiFi worked flawlessly, very fast and no connectivity problems- The pool area was a definite treat during the 100 degree+ days, at least for the short amount of time one could stay out there- Laundry available in the hotel for a reasonable price ($2 per load to wash and dry)- Nice fitness facility- Very close to Gateway AirportOverall, I'm sure you could do much worse in Mesa.  I wasn't in love, but I have certainly stayed in many places that made the Legacy look like a palace.
4	Nice people. Nice rooms.
4	Lets say you're a Yelp* executive, and the fuel gage on your private jet gets near E and the closest gas station is Williams Gateway/Phoenix Mesa Airport.  It's late at night.  The fueler has gone home.  Now you, fuming because your path in life hit a wall, it's 95 degrees at midnight, and you'll have to spend the night in the Superstition Mountain boonies, kick a tire and hit your head on a wing.  .  Don't worry.  The Legacy Inn and Suites are so near, you can pull your unicycle out of the cargo box and pedal north up Power Road to this nice place for a traveler's rest.Ditto if you, like others, are finding this airport easier to use than Sky Harbor.  Book your last night here and you're out and to the airport, fresh as a smoothie.  It saved MY exhausted nether cheeks when my co-workers wanted to drive halfway 'crost Mesa to a hotel, then commute back in morning traffic for the day's work.  Todd checked the web and Legacy Inn was right up the road.  Good find Todd.  Next time out, I'll carry the heavy end of the plotter.
1	I had a three night stay here. at night time the smell of manure is just increadabe in the fields. I meet my brother from Tenn. here to stay. We need internet Wi-Fi to compair our projects and retirements with. the first night I could piggy back other computers. The next night the clerck said the WiFi was working at the dest. I took the laptop to the desk and there was no WiFi there either. She gave me some phone numbers 1-877-237-8750. We talked for a 45 min to no availe did the Wi Fi work . the he gave me toshibas phone Number and I talked to them about an hour to no availe. So I put it up to my laptop was broken and needed repair as the toshiba consultant told me. I came back to Seattle. plugged my laptop in and guess what. MY LAPTOP WORKS AT HOME. This bestwester lost my enjoyment with my bother and cost me about 3 hours of vacation. I amn't happy with this and don't recommend this Best Western if you need your computer for business or to enjoy you computer with your loved ones.They do lie to you and keep telling you the system will ber up in one hour all the time I was there Unhappy in Seattle
4	Great price, beautiful hotel all around! I was so impressed. I felt comfortable the first night, which has never happened to me before while traveling. High ceilings, fairly new hotel (still smelled new), modern decorations, friendly staff. The only complaint I have is the walls are somewhat thin. We will for sure be staying here on our next trip to Queen Creek to visit family.
1	This was my worst experience ever getting a room on Hotwire. My room was directly between the first floor front parking lot and the elevator directly outside the door.the walls were so thin I could hear the guy in the next room snoring. the furniture, fixtures and atmosphere of the hotel was all cheap.I could not believe it when a sewer odor penetrated the room from outside. The hotel is near some fields and perhaps the farmers fertilized the fields at night with manure...or else there was a sewer treatment  plant nearby. The smell was so bad if you turned on your air conditioning it filled up your room. So I slept without any air conditioning Do what the smart people do at this hotel. Run immediately for the exits.
4	The hotel turned out to be more decent than most reviews posted. Room is a good size. Not even close to a 3-star but we had a relaxing time here. OK for a night stay or two, but definitely not a perfect place to stay for family vacationing ... It did feel like at home though. Just A few blocks from Target, Walmart.. And about 100 feet from Circle K & RedBox.Can't complain for a $89 night stay. Kids woke up seeing cows crossing outside the hotel window  and how we were able to hook up (using Samsung Phone) to set up our son's XBox and that was a huge PLUS.!  :-)
1	The place looked promising from the outside, but inside was disappointing. No bar or food service. The room had only two light fixtures, one of which was not working. A call to the front desk got us a speedy response to correct it, but in the end the light bulbs were so dim it was impossible to read or work. No light on the desk? Really? Come on, folks! You can do better than that. Invest a few bucks and buy some lamps! We would never have stayed here had we known, and never will again.
