2	This school has good graphic design and culinary programs from what I've heard, but film and photography are terrible. The equipment is outdated and there isn't enough for each student. The school is already ridiculously overpriced, and charges for small things keep coming up. I would strongly recommend another school unless this is an absolute last resort.
1	like the star says, don't come here.I'm in the culinary program, and the only reason i'm in it is to get my GPA up to go to JWU down the road. I'm giving these people 30,000 for a certificate degree, not even an associates degree, and I have no idea where my money is going.why? because every day i come to class, we run out of some type of food or necessary supplies, and they are usually out of stock on all their supplies.The apartments they stick us in arent even close to what they advertise, and they stick us in a fairly bad part of town thats actually 20 minutes away from the campus.and dont get me started on the students here. if you like the fact that they accept just about anybody, and yes, that includes people with under a 2.0 GPA and people who've been out of school for 20 years, then youll do fine here. If you're like me and you dont like how the school accepts everyone just so they can pocket the cash, then dont go here.I really regret giving these people my money, but its the quickest way to get into JWU and get a little experience while i'm at it. Save your money and go to JWU, much better investment.
1	This school has put me deep in financial debt... The amount I owe them for sub par education should give me a Masters :( this school is terrible and predatory. It is a scam and you should refrain from attending... SAVE YOURSELF!!!!
1	I am dealing with crippling debt from going to school here & do notrecommend that anyone go here. I'm living a nightmare with student loanpayments around $850 a month. I have a good job & still struggle everymonth. At this rate I will never own a house and probably never getmarried or have kids. Attending the Art Institute was the worst decision Ihave made in my life. I don't see how anyone working there can sleep atnight. I don't think an art degree should cost over 100K, that's just crazy. I used to go here to mentor students after graduation but will no longer help a school that has hurt me so much. I had decent teachers for the most part & I do have a job in my field but I will be paying almost $1000 a month for the next 20 years unless I win the lottery. I was young & stupid (20 years old) when I enrolled here, I had no idea what I was getting into. I was trying to do something to better my life but it is now ruining my life.They will accept anyone just to get their money. I know people who graduated from here with an Associate degree & owe $100K. If you're thinking about going here, RUN!
