5	This place is great for shaving stuff, razors, cream, brushes for your self or gifts they wrap everything in a nice fancy box and bag! The people there are helpful and not hovering at you to buy.  Yes it does cost bucks, but what the hell treat yourself to some thing nice before you lose all your money!
5	One of the coolest things I've ever done! My brother and I each got the Royal Shave which takes about 45 minutes. They start by putting a hot towel on your face, then some kind of balm. Next, they take a straight razor and get busy. After that, she applied a clay mask then peeled it off. When she was done, she informed me that I wouldn't need to shave for a few days; and she was right. The shave was that close. The lady's name was Luba, I think. And she really knows what's she's doing. Highly recommend this place.
4	The BF has been looking into getting some respectable shaving gear so we popped in. He's been researching on getting a single blade razor as they give a better shave and no friggin $40 a pack cartridges. They carry Mercer ones here and the lady helped explain each style they had. The BF was surprised at the selection here as the one in Venetian/Palazzo did not have more than one and the SA there didn't know what they were talking about. The BF went with that and selected a mini sampler kit that comes with shaving oil, shaving cream, after shave and a brush. The lady helping us, Katie, knew her stuff. Was very informative of the benefits and drawbacks of each type of blade, knew about product formulas and ingredient benefits. I am a huge skincare freak and was in the industry for a while so it's hard to impress me. She does a good job that I think I'm going to stop in and select a shaving cream of my own. I tried a little of the BFs product and it is quite good stuff. He hasn't found his perfect blade brand yet, but I can see the product making a difference in the irritation. Do your face (or my case legs) a favor and stop in.
5	Out of all the "Art of Shaving" locations, I like this one the best because they don't put so much pressure on you like the Venetian location does. At the Venetian location you can't just buy one item without them trying to trick you into getting something else.. they always make you believe that they are throwing something in for free, but then they attempt to charge you for it when they ring you up. If you don't pay attention you will be pissed afterwards when you finally check your receipt.  I am one of the few people left on earth who prefers to shave with a classic straight razor.  But, accessories for straight razors are quite hard to come by, especially the preshave oils that you need for protection. The straight razor is quite dangerous and extremely sharp compared to the more familiar cartridge razor, so I very much prefer not to shave without the preshave oil. "Art of Shaving" is probably one of the only places I can find a good quality oil.Unlike the Venetian and Mandalay Bay locations, this place does not have a barber on duty who can give you the classic hot towel shave.  That's not too much of a problem I guess because the shaves at these "Art of Shaving" locations are quite mediocre yet cost triple the price of an offstrip barbershop. This location compensates for the absence of a barber by focusing more on selection of razors, brushes, strops, shaving creams, oils, balms, and other shaving accessories.  My personality is pretty lame and I take joy in strange things like Straight Razors. Shaving with a straight razor is practically one of the highlights of my day. The way I see it,  anyone can shave, especially with those safety cartridge razors you get at Walmart and Target. But, shaving with an oldschool cutthroat straight razor takes skill, coordination, and concentration. And I guess that's why I love the straight razor because shaving with one is truly an Art.
5	This is a great thing to do. Greg is awesome.
5	If you live with a man, hang out with a man, have a brother who's a man or if you ARE a man, you have to check this place out! My husband has been a long time fan of the Art of Shaving products and chances are that once your guy tries them out, he will love them too. This location does NOT have a full service barber shop, it's just a retail location that sells all of the amazing Art of Shaving products. You CAN buy gift cards that your guy can use to get a famous straight razor shave at the barber shop at Mandalay Place. I always buy gift cards here to give my hubby a gift of a shave. He goes nuts for them just like some women go nuts for spa treatments. While this is a very small store, it's well stocked and the employees are always helpful and willing to offer suggestions and advice. I don't want to neglect to mention that this shop likes to employ gorgeous guys. Stop by for the eye candy, ladies, and try not to drool.
2	Shave was OK but WAY overpriced. Don't waste your money. Go to older established barber shops for a good shave at a reasonable price
