5	I have been a member of this bank for a very long time.  I have been coming to this particular branch for a few years now.  The staff here are always very friendly and willing to help.  A few of them even recognize me and know me by name.I have never had an issue with First Credit Union, even when I was a victim of identity theft a few years ago.  If you are looking for a bank to join, this one is definitely one that you should consider.
5	Love this credit union.  I have had an account here for more than 20 years.  I have always had exceptional service by phone and at the Tempe branch when needed, and also have online access which I use frequently.  When I worked at Intel I used the Chandler branch closest to the Rural & Chandler Blvd lcoation--with great service there also.  I have both a personal and business account here.  I highly recommend this credit union and I've used the Tempe branch exclusively for 12+ years, including my business acct.
1	I've been a member for 20 years too and boy has this CU gone downhill. I am talking about this Baseline/Tempe location and the Gila Springs location in Chandler.One day when I have an hour I will list all of the screwups they've made in the last 2 years.
2	Drove 20 minutes on a Saturday to find out the Tempe, and apparently all locations, are now closed on Saturdays. I've been a member for over 10 years and didn't receive any prior notification that they had begun keeping these extreme "bankers hours". Actually, closing at 5pm Monday-Thursday is worse than most banks. If you work, when exactly are you supposed to be able to use this credit union? I guess I'm supposed to take time off from work? Ridiculous and beyond inconvenient. Shame on you First Credit Union.
5	This is the main branch of First Credit Union.  It's a bit bigger than most of the others.  But it's still the credit union.  Check my reviews of the others, this one is the same.  Banks suck, credit unions rock.  I use banks as little as possible, preferring instead the no-hassle credit union environment.As I've said before, they have no shareholders.  They are responsible to their members.  Banks only care about the quarterly report to their shareholders, and they make all those profits off of YOU!
