1	Event planners beware!I should have consulted yelp before hiring Susan for a corporate event I did the past week in Las Vegas.Pre-event she was fine, but then onsite she was completely unprofessional, rude and disrespectful and was a high maintenance vendor.She:* arrived to set up and helped herself to wine and food before any of my guests got to it (yes i offered you food and snacks during your break but certainly not to go and help yourself BEFORE my guests get to it!) at least wait for me to offer first. OMG, who does this?* complained that she didn't have any downtime during her 3 hour scheduled service period and I paid her for the duration of the 3 hour service time..you are a vendor and I paid you to be there, not to rest, sorry this is unacceptable* complained that i didn't 'check in on her' during the event to see if they needed anything, sorry you are not a guest, but a vendor, i am obviously busy attending to the actual guests of the event and not there to see if I, the client need to get YOU, the vendor, anything. This was absurd. * complained that their scheduled break/pause time (during our awards ceremony) should have been shifted, according to their schedule, etc...sorry our corporate event doesn't go by the way you, the hired vendor feels..she is not go with the flow but actually had the nerve to complain. REALLY?* during the event, she didn't know i was the client actually physically said to me that "you cant come back for another massage".  Omg, who says this? there was people who had signed up for a slot, but if they were not there, they were not there and the truth is, I should be able to get as many 15 minute chair massages as i see fit. I almost blew up on her whens he said this under her breath thinking i wouldnt hear. I can only imagine what else she said to my other guests; feedback from them was that she was grumpy, not very nice and or accomodating or calm like most professional massage therapists are.* overall just difficult; and rude. Her physical appearance doesn't read "holistic" at all, (sloppy)* Lastly, her chair massages were like the equivalent of being massaged by a cat, words directly from my founders mouth. She said she got tips, but my guests are just gracious, unlike her.If you want a stressfree event and want and seek professionalism and flexibility, PLEASE DO NOT HIRE HER!horrible, just horrible!
5	Susan is a real professional & gives a GREAT massage. After only one session with her my body was already feeling much more relaxed. She's got the healing touch & brings lots of experience to her work--which your sore muscles & achy bones will benefit from & thank you for! Would definitely recommend her to anyone visiting LV & wish she had a Hired Hands outpost here in Manhattan!
5	We brought in Hired Hands for the HFMA Conference at the Venetian/Palazzo and we couldn't be happier with that decision. Susan Stone and her coworker Anna (I believe) were very professional and a great addition to our sponsorship.First off the massages were great. When they both weren't busy giving massages they were actively trying to recruit attendees to come in for a massage. They were friendly, always smiling, and joking around with all of our guests. Their price was very reasonable, especially given how expensive Vegas is.I will absolutely use Hired Hands again when we're in Vegas and highly recommend.
4	We want to thank you for the great massage we had today. The massage my wife and I had was very profesional and both ladies were great! My wife said "Susan did not miss any spot" and I was greatfull to have those excellent strong hands from Anna. We were very pleased and would come back every time we are in Las Vegas. Thank you both!
5	I have counted on Susan to work out all the kinks and manage my stress with twice monthly 90 min massages for several years now.  She does it just the way I ask for it and I especially appreciate the time and attention she spends on my feet!Her prices are very reasonable and I like her soothing off-strip office.   Plan to continue having Susan keep me in top condition until she decides to retire...
5	My wife has never had a massage...so we wanted try it here on vacation.  The hotel was very expensive and we wanted a massage in our room.  It was hard to find a legitimate place to come to your room and give a massage.  I'm so glad we found this place!  Two therapists came to our room with tables and did a tandem massage on us.  Both therapists were fantastic!  I may actually call them again this week before we leave!  If you want a legitimate massage in you room...this is the place to call!  Highly recommended!!!!!!
5	I've been going to Susan of Hired Hands for a month and I've had tremendous results. I'm an acrobat and am constantly using my body for physically demanding performances which, of course, lead to knots and tight muscles. I was suffering from chronic back pain and after the first session I felt a big difference. She's very kind, informative and professional. She knows exactly what to do to restore your body and fix the problem. I highly recommend her to anyone in any line of work.
