2	The Starbucks is certainly convenient if you're staying at the New York, New York Hotel & Casino, but the lines are often really long... and they don't have a scanner to pay by iPhone. This is just a counter-service only facility, but there is plenty of seating locating in the Hotel Lobby & Casino, just be warned it often smells smoky in there (I wish they would ban smoking in Casinos--- just saying). The staff was nice enough, so at least they have that going for them.
5	Great location in New York New York!  Perfect if you are staying in the hotel!
4	This is one of the two locations inside of NYNY. It's located on the main level by most of the restaurants and after a long vegas night, you will need this in the am! The staff here is always friendly and helpful. Some might think that this place is pricey, but nothing in vegas is cheap like the older days use to be. Get over it, your on vacation! YOLO......LOL
4	2014 YELP 100 CHALLENGE - 44/100The boyfriend and I aren't big drinkers, so fraps at this Starbucks ended up being our first drinks when we first got to Vegas, LOL. This location is nice and big, well lit, and has TONS of seating. We went close to 10pm and they were still open pretty late (might be 24 hours, but I can't remember). I decided to try their new caramel flan frap, which was really good! Much better than the caramel frap or the creme brulee frap, IMO. The boyfriend got a peppermint mocha frap and his was great as well.They only had two people working during the time we went, but they were very friendly asian women who worked with smiles on their faces :)The only reason why I won't give this Starbucks 5 stars is because it is really expensive. However, all of the Starbucks in LV are much more expensive than normal Starbucks locations are. We got two tall sized fraps and it was over $11...kind of ridiculous.
3	Early in the morning, this Starbucks is where you're going to be if you're looking for caffeine in New York, New York.  The line is long and moves slowly, as if they had no idea people were going to show up.  Sure, prices are high and they have silly names for everything, but that's any Starbucks.I'll be standing in line but only because they open first.  Three stars because it's not their fault that nobody else is open.
4	Found in the New York New York Hotel in Vegas, they really do everything at New York speed, style, and splurging prices!Fast cashier, fast drink making, in and out before you know it.Want fruits (bananas and the like)? They're legit New York prices at $1.75 a pop! Yikes.
1	Worst Starbucks I've ever had. I asked for less ice in my coffee so they substitute it with milk. Seriously paid for iced milk
3	The service was pretty poor with the two barista's talking to each other, while serving. The barista asked my order 3 times. If they spent less time talking and more time to the customers orders the place would be a better Starbucks for it.
1	At NY NY Hotel, the Starbucks ladies are not to be missed!  They are the rudest, slowest, most unenthusiastic bunch of Starbucks employees I have ever had the pleasure of dealing with!  Each morning, I left my room a good 15 mins early to get down there and stand in line to watch the slow progression of guests get manhandled by these women.  Monique or Monica even told me one morning (after the players club employees had trained me to use my players club card with every purchase in the hotel to get points or comps) that she had already entered the number.. she hadn't even looked at the card, so just to entertain myself I walked over to the players club desk and inquired about whether my Starbucks purchase had registered on my card... nope.  They of course made up for her laziness (and untruthfulness) and gave me credit for the purchase.  So if you want to feel like Piper Chapman in an episode of "Orange is the New Black" standing in the food line in prison, make sure to stop by the Starbucks each morning during your stay at New York New York!
1	By far one of the worst starbucks I've ever been too. I am a barista at Starbucks and this makes us look really bad. Jenny the cashier was super rude. I also asked her how much water was and it was 54 cents(which was tap water too not filtered). C'mon manager you really want people like her working at your location. I know your a franchise but live up to the name dude. Raul was the only good thing. Nice guy doesn't mind talking to people.
5	I thought this would take direct since it was around a hotel. But they actually moved pretty quickly to my suprise. They moved efficiently and responded to order changes quickly and promptly. The line was a little long but still moved quickly. Great experience overall!
1	BEWARE! Why Starbucks will rarely get my business!Ripoff warning! This place does not post their prices on most items, because that way they can rip you off at the register once you wait in line.  $5.41 for bottled water, but worry not, the good folks at Starbucks give a nickel to the countries they buy coffee from. What a joke. I know Vegas isn't cheap, but the hotel vending water is only $3 (I later discovered). The only way these guys will ever get my business will be if I am dying of thirst or I decide I have too much money and need to feel good about Starbucks helping the children that pick their coffee for them.
2	So very slow; while she was nice and did a great job "making" my iced tea it took FOREVER before it was our turn to order drinks. Only 1 person taking orders and making drinks when there was a line about 8 people long is poor on the part of the owner/manager of this little Starbucks inside the New York New York. The lady was friendly and gave great service though!
3	The service here is hit or miss, but the drinks are always pretty good. The decor is nice, but I hate the outdoor access door being located in the back of the shop. It's creates a lot of noise and foot traffic...
3	When is SBX going to have a line for those of us wanting COFFEE and not the calorie -ladden fraps that everyone likes to CALL coffee? Express Service NOW!
2	Here at 11 am on October 28th.It was like an adult day camp behind the counter with the cashiers and barristas. They would belt out random ear piercing laughs that were annoying beyond description. Coffee was good but as a place of business it lacks professionalism.I would fire them all.
1	The coffee is the same but you should visit the S L O W E S T Starbucks ever! This place takes the award for not being able to take the orders nor care in the world about timing
5	Nice place. Pretty clean for being in a casino. Prices are a little high but no surprise there. Customer service was great. Very friendly staff.
4	Is it just me, or is this Starbucks more expensive than the bar I went to last night? Oh yeah, I'm in Vegas. The coffee and breakfast munchies were on point. I would come back.
3	This Starbucks is I guess owned by NY NY hotel so they don't use the App...sucky store!! No fare to the app users when you don't have cash on you! Good thing I had money this time and didn't loose to the slot machines here!  It's always busy here but goes pretty fast and has a good selection of goods to eat. They open 24/7 which is a good thing. They make their coffee good. Of course, I will be back since this Starbucks is in our hotel but start using the app payment and have them work with Starbucks so we can get our points! Hahaha
1	the lady who is working there in the morning.... she's really ass hole, she has long black hairs, i think her name is Jenny. but she's very amateur, miss order, lazy, no smile, not friendly....probably u will never see those workers in LA Starbucks. I went there a couple times while I was staying in Vegas, but she's always like this. Probably they know which one I'm talking about right now, because it seems the others are doing very good customer service. I'm sure when people write bad review, they always talk about her customer service. I saw one guy also wrote about her, u know everybody knows it.
