5	This is an awesome pest control company and they make it very easy to work with them.  We've been experiencing an awful pest problem, despite regularly spraying.  We've had an infestation of scorpions, black widows and roaches.  Finally, seeing multiple scorpions about 5-6 weeks ago, my husband saw an add by Responsible Pest Control on Facebook.They had a video of what can happen when they treat for scorpions, which I watched.  It was awful all those scorpions but they all died.  After seeing that video, I couldn't sleep very well and woke up super early.  I wanted to investigate the company and their claims.  I found they had a good rating in the BBB, an A+ rating.  I went to their FB page and there were lots of testimonials from a lot of different people from recent and for quite awhile.I thought I checked them out on Yelp, too, but I can't remember what reviews I saw.  After some discussions with my husband, we gave the company a call.  Oh, I had emailed them after I checked them out on the internet and they emailed me back within a few hours, answering all my questions.  Scheduled an appointment for the following week.  Daniel, the tech, came out and assessed our situation and did the first spray.  We saw a lot of dead roaches, and a huge reduction in black widows.  We also saw dead scorpions.  However, within the first 10 days, we were still having scorpion issues so we called them out again and they came out free of charge and sprayed again.Since the 2nd treatment in that first month, we've only seen one scorpion and it was nearly dead.  We've seen lots of dead bugs and because of the way our home is, it may never get rid of all these pests, but we've seen a huge reduction.Daniel has recommended a number of practical things we could do ourselves to help keep the pests from coming into our home.  He told us to seal all the exhaust fans with a wire mesh so scorpions would not be able to come through there.  You must use good duct tape to do this.  Cleaning up messes, being more organized will also help.Not allow moisture to build up where there is water (i.e., under the sink, showers, etc.), as this can be a breeding ground.  Don't keep compost near the house.  Be at least 10' away.  Don't store things against the house, if possible, or limit this area of where you store things.  We are in the process of getting some of these things done.We signed a 1-yr contract to have monthly service at $40/month.  The first visit was $35.  Daniel is very personable and responsive and is a wonderful technician.  You can pay the monthly fees online, which is convenient as I don't have checks.  This second treatment, Daniel used a harder chemical to help further get rid of the pests.These are all safe for humans and animals, but you need to let the product dry, which is about 1/2 hr, if it's being sprayed inside the home.  We feel much safer not seeing all these scorpions as we had.Daniel is very prompt when coming out to his appointments.  He is a good communicator and also sensitive to our needs and living situation, always finding the positive in things and how we can adjust and make things better.  He has a great attitude.We highly recommend this company.
4	After going through 2 other exterminators, I was at my wit's end. I had found 20+ scorpions in my house. I was stung in bed and both my dogs were stung on other occasions. A friend referred me to Responsible Pest Control. They took the time to answer all of my questions over the phone. I booked my appointment and they came out within a timely manner. The technician was amazing, friendly, knowledgeable, and thorough. After treatment, I found about 10 dead scorpions. Luckily, my house lease was over shortly after that and I definitely moved! The only reason why I'm not giving 5 stars is because of the contract that must be signed unless you want to spend quite a bit more money.
5	Okay, it's now 8/31/13 and we've now used this company for 6 months and we still love them.  They make it super easy to use them.  Daniel has been our tech the whole time, though, he did bring a couple other guys a couple different times in the past for training.Daniel gives exceptional customer service and I really wish that most people adopted his practical, caring attitude and excellent service that he consistently gives.  It isn't easy to do pest control for our place but he never says anything negative and provides very helpful suggestions, though, some would take a lot of work to do, but all for our own good and things that would truly help us lower our pest issue, which will never be fully contained until there is major work done to the back yard area (not his issue).No matter how hot it is or how bad the weather, he has consistently come at the times they say.  We always get a call a few days before service, which ours is always the 3rd Tuesday of the month.  The time varies, but Daniel will work with us and there is a 2 hour window in which he comes, far better than cable service or package delivery places which often give you a 4-10 hr window (ridiculous).We've been making improvements to the areas we can to reduce our pest problem.  We have seen a decrease in scorpions and other yuckies.  And, that's probably the best they can do.  Daniel helps us empower ourselves so that his service can be as effective as possible.  He always has nice things to say, but not meaningless nice things that are not helpful.  So, that's good.  He's very sincere.Payment is easy.  I got my account setup online and can pay with my debit card.  Quick and easy.  If I have questions or issues, they are prompt in returning them either by email or phone call.  When we eventually move from here, we will continue to use them as well as pay for service for this home so that everyone can be all safer.There is no smell from the stuff they are using and Daniel does vary what he uses depending on what is needed.  For most homes, he only sprays the outside, but he does both the inside and outside for us, because that's what we need.  We know it's effective because we do see the dead scorpions.When he first came, we had a huge black widow and roach (I know, gross) issue, but no black widows seen for quite some time and rarely a roach, so it's just scorpions now, which without major revamp of the backyard, this will not go away.
5	They have serviced our home for years and I am extremely happy with the results and attention to detail Scorpions are no match for these guys! Anytime I see a bug they come back free of charge right away no questions askedWe have tried a couple other companies in the past but had bad results Call these guys they really do eliminate scorpions!!!!!'
5	We have now been with Responsible Pest Control for a year and Daniel has been our tech through the whole time.  The people really do make the company and Daniel is a real asset to this company.  He is always, like 100% of the time courteous, professional and caring.I do not have enough good words to say about Daniel because he really is a top notch person and with every visit, we always learn something new, not only with regards to pest control, but other things.Daniel is a good communicator and a very upbeat, enthusiastic person filled with lots of good knowledge and wisdom.  My husband and I both really love him.  Hopefully all the other techs are just as good.Responsible should give Daniel a raise!  Scorpion season is just upon us and hopefully we won't have many with all the monthly treatments Daniel has been doing for us.  He consistently provides A++++ service and we know that if there is a problem, he will address it with great customer service and professionalism.
5	We have been using Responsible Pest Control since September.  They are always super professional and come during their scheduled appointment window.  For once a month service, they are very reasonably priced.  If at any time during the month you have a problem, they will come back out and re-spray.  Granted we are just heading into scorpion season, but I'm hopeful that we won't have a problem!  We found our first one outside last month, and it looked like it was dying (tail out, sitting on a rock for a good 45 minutes), but they still came out to re-spray for us.  Based on their website, they guarantee if you DO find a scorpion in/around your house, it will be dead or dying.Nothing but a positive experience with this company.
5	Service A+ / Results A+ / Attention to Detail A+ /  David is my tech and has NEVER failed me...bees/ticks...he's your man!!!
5	Yes this company (Responsible Pest Control) will kill scorpions!!! And other bugs of course. I recently used them for my house because I found a scorpion in a ceiling light. The technician David came and sprayed my entire inside and outside of my house. He also sprayed my outer wall separating my house from my neighbors. He said this is very important because all bugs (and especially scorpions) will die and other neighboring bugs/scorpions will not come onto my property from this. The video they post on their website (under the scorpion tab) really sealed the deal for me to call them. This video shows the system and chemical that they use will kill scorpions when all other exterminator companies say they cannot be killed (only their food supply i.e. other bugs can be killed). Also they told me that this chemical will not harm dogs - it just needs to dry before dogs can be around it. I initially had set up a one time appointment. But soon learned that it is cheaper and more effective if they come on a monthly schedule. It is a lot cheaper actually. And any future issues will be prevented making this a proactive way to deal with scorpions and other bugs. I would highly recommend this company for scorpions and also any other bugs you might have in or around your house.
5	I was having an external ant problem and they were working their way into our house. I searched about 5 companies and decided on Responsible because they weren't the cheapest but they also weren't the most expensive.Dave came out and was polite and took the time to explain the product that he was using because I asked due to the fact that I have a dog.Took him about 20 minutes and explained to me about their warranty but haven't needed it because they eliminated the ant issue we had. I would definitely recommend.
5	Jesse came out today and sprayed our condo for scorpions. He was super friendly and obviously knew what he was talking about. Explained many solutions for our horrible scorpion problem. Great price as well! I'm excited to see the results but Jesse was awesome.
5	A month later and we have had only one scorpion since the spraying! And it was dead already  couldn't be happier and would recommend this company/spray to anyone with scorpion problems.
