3	you know, i really wish there was competition, but there's not.i have one blind poodle, and one poodle who doesn't have tears so i am here a few times  a year, unfortunately for my dogs, and for my bank account.visits are usually between $150-300. and then there's the medications. i was originally not impressed with their care but the last few times i have had the same nurse and she is just a doll. there is one dr. who isn't my favorite. she's older with brunette curly hair.... and there's one dr. i love- it's a young guy with brown hair. he is really great and talks during the whole appointment and really goes into detail about what he sees and what he thinks. my dogs will be patients for life so i will be requesting my favorite nurse and dr from now on. and they always tell me my poodles are the only cute poodles they've ever seen. i have to agree :)
3	I will start by saying that everyone reading this review needs to pray they never have to bring an animal here. I am not saying this because of the service but for another reason. This is definitely a monopoly, that's for sure!!! For those of you that don't know what I mean, try taking a dog to the regular veterinarian to treat an eye condition. No regular veterinarian knows how to deal with it so they will send you to Eye care for Animals. Unfortunately, Eye care for Animals is the ONLY clinic that can handle an eye injury to an animal. What does this mean for you? Extremely high prices and no way of getting around it. We have two pugs, both of which have gotten corneal ulcers. Apparently, these are common in dogs with big bulging eyes. Our pug Winston had to have surgery which cost upwards of $3,000.00 (that was just for the surgery and a few prepaid follow ups visits, there were also hundreds spent on additional follow up visits and medications). Our other pug, Frank, didn't have it as bad and only had to take medications. However, that still ran us about $1,000.00 when you count the initial visit, vet stays during the day and meds. Although pricey, I will say this for ECFA: they are very knowledgeable and friendly. Every vet and vet tech I have dealt with has really seemed to love their jobs and love animals. At least for the amount of money you pay, you get the feeling that you are leaving your animal in good hands and that their condition will be treated.
1	PLEASE BEWARE of this place.  I brought my dog here  (and, BTW, there is competition, GREAT competition and I'll get into that later).  And the "vet", the woman w/ the dark, curly hair, said my dog (Mmi) had a luxated lens, and had already (years earlier) diagnosed her w/ macular degeneration.  She said Mimi would need an $800 test to test her eye then a $3400 surgery, and said "why don't we just wait a while and remove the eye, she'll go blind from the degeneration anyway).  NO WAY.  I had already let this woman talk me into removing one of my other dog's eyes (he passed on later) and it was a horrible, traumatic surgery.  I am now picturing this vet as having rows of jars of dog eyeballs in her home.  She seems to get off on eyeball removal.  So we asked our HOLISTIC vet if she knows of an excellent eye doc. for Mimi.  She asked around, the answer was "Dr. Meredith in Tucson".  So, we made the appt. ,packed up our crew and headed down.  HE IS EXCELLENT.  He is very humble, and won't tell you this, but I found out he is one of the top, top, no. one docs in this field.  He is kind, caring, explains everything, funny, and about half the price for the visits.  PLUS, he SAVED Mimi's eye, and the surgery (a major one) cost a thousand bucks less than I was quoted at ripoff Gilbert.  That's right a thousand bucks less for a real expert.  Now, Mimi can see and is doing great instead of being eyeless.  On top of that when I mentioned her supposed macular degeneration he looked at me oddly and said "she doesn't have that, whatever made you think she has that.". So, the "eyeball plucker" was wrong or lying about that too.  If you don't think your dog is worth a two hour trip down to Tucson to see a real pro, who cares, I don't think you deserve your dog.  But, I will add again, you will save your dog from horrors, and save yourself some cash
4	I was referred to Dr Felchle from the Head of Opthamology at the Veternary Hospital in Saskatoon Canada. He diagnosed my dog with cataracts and said she was a good candidate for lens replacement......the same surgery that is done in humans. My dog went into surgery blind and came out two hours later with her full vision restored. Dr Felchle and her staff are knowledgeable and caring. I just rescued another dog who has one eye that does not produce tears. Dr F changed the antibiotic she was on and suggested a small surgery for a growth on her eyelid that the regular vet had missed. She said this would help her problem with reoccurring infection. This is why you go to a specialist. This is all very expensive. Owning an animal is expensive, and I feel very fortunate that I can afford this level of care for them.
5	Owning pets is a responsibility, not a right. If your pet has a condition where it needs to see a specialist, it is obviously going to be more expensive. With that said, YES this place can be a bit pricey but the outcome is 100% worth it.I have a 9 year old Miniature Pinscher named Gunner. Two years ago, after an incompetent vet diagnosed his eye ulcer as an eye infection, he had to have his eye removed. He's always had sensitive eyes, so we took extra precautions with his remaining eye. Earlier this year he was scratching and tearing at his eye, so I suspected another ulcer. My vet referred me to Eye Care for Animals. I saw Dr. Felchle and she was professional, positive and answered all my questions. The tech was fantastic as well. Turns out Gunner didn't have an ulcer, but lipid deposits allergies. Dr.Felchle recommended he go on a dose of Zyrtec for the remainder of his life and lubricating eye-drops twice a day. He had a recheck a few months later with a different vet here and she was amazed at how fantastic his eye looked. Last week I noticed the same thing again, except he was violently pawing at his eye. Scheduled a visit here and it looked like he did have an ulcer. Dr.Felchle did a corneal debridement procedure on his eye, which was the least invasive course of action. A week later at the recheck, it was sad news that his ulcer wasn't healing correctly and he'd have to have a grid keratotomy surgery. YES the surgery was very expensive, but I was confident in my decision based on the fact of how patient and understanding my tech was (Elizabeth) and how knowledgeable and confident Dr.Felchle was. Gunner goes back for a recheck in two weeks and I will update my review with his (fingers crossed) positive results from surgery.
5	UPDATE:Gunner went back for his stitch removal with Dr.Felchle. His eye is back to normal and looks GREAT! Gunner has had watery eyes for years and several weeks post surgery his eye hardly ever waters. It is a miracle what people can do with medicine. Thank you so much Dr.Felchle and her team! Gunner and I are forever thankful for your wealth of knowledge and for helping Gunner and his eye problems.
