4	The Fountain Hills Festival of the Arts is a couple of cuts above most of its kind.  First, its bigger.  Plan on spending at least an hour and half just to gaze into each booth.  The vendors also tend to be more creative and artistic than the norm -- there are some very glaring exceptions of course.  The food is varied and a few places have gone beyond normal fair food.  Try the pumpkin chocolate chip cookies at the Talking Stick resort booth.The setting is also superior, as the festival is located right on the shores of the Fountain Hills lake, and the fountain display itself can be seen on the hour from the entire festival.  In nice weather, early in the day, strolling around the fair can reach five star status.On the down side: about 2/3 of the booths are overpriced, some grotesquely.  But do not dispair -- hunt for those bargains and you will find them.Hint:  if you go after about 11:30 on the weekend, be prepared for overcrowding, and possibly problems parking.
5	Wonderful annual event. Claims to attract 200,000 visitors, with nearly 500 artisans and food providers. I can't confirm the attendance numbers, but I can verify that there were a lot of booths from which to choose.Admission is free. Parking is free. A bit of a small town feel, such as ordering lunch from the local Kiwanis group, but with a high volume of vendors. Plenty of pottery, dog hats, jewelry, art work, crafts... pretty much everything you don't really need. Some standard. Some unique. Some expensive. Some remarkably cheap.I only purchased food. That's how I roll! But others is my group bought earrings, dog bowls and well, I'm not certain what else. Fun was had by all. The little ones most enjoyed the Post cereal samples and running in the park by the fountain (both free).We'll definitely be back next year.
2	I started attending the Fountain Hills Festival about 12 or more years ago. Each year I really look forward to attending. It's usually a beautiful day in a beautiful setting, and I love  finding unique items.I haven't attended in a couple of years, but when I went this year I was very disappointed. The vendors and products were the same that I have see since I started going years ago. I'm sending out this request to the event planners to please bring in some new vendors to join with unique crafts, and some food trucks would be fabulous too! Also, please minimize the southwest themed crafts- there is far too much.Thanks for listening!
