3	My first time at this hotel. It was a okay hotel. I stayed for the long Canada Day weekend. The rooms were clean, standard 2 double bed. It was in the middle of everything downtown Montreal. You can walk around Saint Catherine, the bars and club were only 10 minute walk away. The bus and metro were nearby, they even had free breakfast from 7am-11am. Overall, I would stayed at this hotel again for the cheap price.
3	I would honestly say that Hotel des Arts was a 3.5 stars.The price was cheaper than the other places that I had researched on. The hotel looked pretty old on the outside, which was pretty neat. Parking is sort of a pain because there are limited street parking outside of the actual hotel, and you need to follow the parking street rules of Montreal as well. They do give you a paper with directions to the nearest parking lots, which are still limited spaces as well. You have the choice between $10/day or $20/day for parking, depending the closer lot that you choose.The staff weren't too friendly. That's what lowered the rating for me. Weren't happy, didn't look like they wanted to be there. The front desk person didn't greet us first, we had to.The room itself is decent. Definitely not bad for the price. Small, but its a nice place to rest your head at night. Refer to the pictures. TV in the room. No fridge.Overall, I might stay here again for the price.
1	Stayed here for one night with 3 friends in a room with 2 double beds. We booked it because it was inexpensive and very close to our destination, the metropolis. The area is a little shady looking, the room itself was fine. Looked clean. No fridge though and limited lighting..The reservation was made for 2 guests,I didn't see an adjustment for that. When booking the hotel my confirmation said it'd be C$125. When we checked in, with clearly 4 guests, the front desk guy DID NOT mention any extra charge for having 4 guests. Without asking how I'd like to pay he charged the credit used to hold the reservation, C$125 and C$50 for security deposit which we'd get back at checkout. Upon checkout I was charged C$125 for the room and then an extra charge of C$20 for having 2 extra people. He did not mention the charge, he just put it on my credit card and handed me a receipt with the amount. A friend staying in our room that night argued with front desk guy about the charge but he had no explanation. It was an unauthorized charged I never signed off for and they refused to take it off! Trying to take advantage of guests and not telling them about charges added to their cards! Worst customer service I've ever had at a hotel in mylife, I'd never go back or recommend it to anyone.
1	I hate writing bad reviews, but this was one time where I think it's my duty to ward off as many people as possible. Sure this place doesn't advertise as being 'fancy' or 'modern'. We got it because it was cheap and close enough for comfort to the city, especially for the price. We stayed there in August (sorry late review) and from the moment we stepped into our dingy room I knew I was not going to be happy. Granted, we did not spend much time outside of sleeping in this room (thank god), but the minimal time we spent there was HORRIBLE. The entire place smelled musty and old, our window faced a dingy alleyway, the air conditioner was old and barely capable of working. Let's get to the worst part...THERE WAS A MOUSE IN OUR ROOM.  The 3rd night we came back into the room and I hear my mother SHRIEK and we see a little white thing scurry across the floor. To be certain, we made SURE it was a mouse before complaining... we waited for it to come out from under the dresser and run back to the air conditioner. We looked through all of our bags to make sure everything was clean and there were no other mice, and immediately went to tell the person working at the front desk. They (very hesitantly) moved us to another room (which gave them their 1 star), and we did not see them even looking to catch the mouse, as far as we know... it's still there. The guy at the desk promised to write this up in a report and return us money for that ONE NIGHT (not the rest of the stay) because we only have 2 nights left and figured we might as well suck it up like adults. I checked back everyday we were there, and the manager never came up to talk to us nor made the time we agreed to meet. I emailed him TWICE to ask for a refund and nothing happened... he didn't so much as reply. My family isn't big on complaining, and we could deal with the place, but the minute that mouse came out and they did NOTHING to help us..  we knew we were in for a bad bad ride.
4	This is not the nicest place, but the location for the price is great.  I don't know if the other reviewers are that pretentious, or the place has gotten better, but ITS FINE.  To top it off, there's a few free parking spaces out front, which is a godsend in this city.  They are first come, first serve.The continental breakfast is little more than bagels, cereal, bananas, with coffee and juice, and it stops at 10am.  The little interaction with the staff I had was good; check in and out was super fast.  The rooms are a bit run down, but a fine place to crash for the night.  Old CRT TVs round out the amenities.  Internet is a little slow but fast enough for basic research. If a good location on a budget is your top priority, this is your best best in Montreal.  FYI, we paid about $56 USD per night with a promo code from Orbitz.
5	if your looking for fancy, don't look here, but if your looking for a clean,comftable and most importantly helpful stay, your looking at the right place and location. My bestfriend and I stayed two nights and two days and while our trip wasn't long we were glad to realized that we booked a hotel right around the corner from st laurent street which is really popular for clubs and retuarants. Hence our goal was to stay a few days to have a good time, go out and party. Soon we realized that the hotel was at a great location for everything, almost everything is at walking distance. The price of the hotel was amazing and we even got free breakfast. I say i felt like a princess because the staff was so helpful and nice especially this one young lady i think her name was Alexa who helped me booked hair salon,maincure,and spa appointments;  and google the best options for activities to do around montreal. For example she helped me book a scooter ride which we enjoyed very much around old montreal. She was always open to any questions i had and extremely welcoming and  excited to help me plan our day.I wasn't expecting this type of service at all but to my surprised she helped me more than any other 5 star hiltions ive stayed at in the past! i will sure come back and i cant wait ! until next time! thank you montreal!
3	If you want something fancy, book at the Westin. This is a perfectly adequate budget hotel that's located near everything in the downtown. That said, it's in a fairly sketchy part of town, so you may not want to bring your kids here. Decent for students, younger working folks or anyone who wants to save a bit. FYI, the continental breakfast doesn't include eggs - I saw plenty of people looking in a heating tray thinking there were eggs, only to look disappointed when they saw croissants and pastries. But that's no reason to skip the breakfast, which includes Cheerios and corn flakes, bagels, croissants, fruit and pastries, along with juices and coffee (it's not gourmet, but it's caffeine). As I said, adequate... But I don't think I'd say here again.
