3	I drive by this boutique furniture store all the time but didn't stop until the July 4th weekend to check out their dining room sets.  I walked into the store and was greeted by the owner (came to find out later) but I use the word "greeted" loosely because she barely looked up from her desk and really couldn't be bothered.  My girlfriend and I strolled around looking at their dining sets and low and behold I found an amazing set at an amazing price.  I was in shock considering all the browsing I had been doing online for tables and here it was, the perfect dining set at truly an amazing price.I asked for help, and yet again, the owner looked like I was more of a nuisance than a possible sale.  Here I am asking about a $1,500 ticket item, and she's annoyed that I'm asking questions.  Really lady??  Is business THAT GOOD?  That you don't need my money??  Is the recession not hitting this store?  I was MORE than annoyed at this point and left frustrated and torn about what to do because honestly I wasn't too thrilled about giving this woman my money.I thought about it for a couple hours and ended up going back to buy the table/chairs.  She was a *little* more pleasant this time but still not as friendly as I would expect when I'm dropping $1500+, but I was very pleased that they could deliver the set that evening (especially since it was the evening before a holiday).So overall, I would recommend the place since they have a great collection of unique furniture at what seemed like really great prices, and I'll try to give the owner the benefit of the doubt and hope that she was just having a really bad day?!
4	I wanted to give an update on my review... after the owner of the store found out about my review/rating, she called me & emailed me to apologize for her less than friendly demeanor and explain that she had some personal things going on at the time... I appreciate the follow up and clearly she cares enough about her business to follow up to make sure her customers are happy.  I'll be back if I'm looking for another piece of unique furniture for my home...
4	This has super cute furniture. I'm glad to have a store so close that doesn't have the generic room store crap in it. The staff here will pretty much leave you alone and let you look at your leisure which is awesome.
5	This is the ONLY place my wife and I will buy furniture from, absolutely fantastic!My wife and I spent a better part of a month looking for a TV stand for our living room. Everything we came across was cheap and prefabricated. We stumbled on Sweet Potatoes while on our way home from another local store. The owner was extremely friendly and helpful.  We found a couple things we liked but not the size we needed.  The owner told us the pieces we were looking at are locally made and offered to call and see if they could custom make one. Not only did they agree but the price we were given was 200 dollars less than anything else we were looking at.  We have since received the piece and could not be happier!
1	Out of Business. I checked the phone thinking they might have moved. Nope - "no longer in service"
