4	Had Sushi delivered for lunch today, a group lunch.  Had the shrimp tempura roll, boston roll, california roll and hawaiian roll, enjoyed them, but my favorite were Tempura roll and boston roll and love the fact they deliver!  Will order from again!
4	Saturday lunch sushi can be hard to find.  Seeing Katana and Little Tokyo were not open for lunch on Saturdays, I suggested Asian Garden to my sushi-eating friend.  While in a strip mall, it still has a nice restaurant environment.  The dining area is divided from the entryway, so when you're sitting at one of the booths, people coming in won't be gawking at you.  There is a hibachi/prep area with a counter around it for seating on the opposite wall.  We were greeted and seated quickly, and the server was patient with us as we scanned the very extensive menu.I ordered the green salad with ginger dressing to start.  I get this everywhere I go.  The dressing was more loose than I'm used to and lacked  flavor.  I can usually eat this stuff with a spoon, but this wasn't my favorite.We ordered Spicy Tuna, Rainbow, and Eel rolls to share, and my friend ordered some sushi.  It was prepared fresh where we could have gone over and watched if we wanted. I took a photo of the plate and posted it, but the color isn't quite right, so don't judge by that.  I tried eel roll first (usually my favorite), and it was still warm.  The eel was just a tad chewy, but it was still very good in flavor.  The Rainbow roll was my favorite from this plate.  Everything in it was fresh and delicious, and it had just a slight spiciness.  The Spicy Tuna was surprisingly mild, which was a little disappointing to me.  My friend also enjoyed the sashimi he ordered.I still consider myself a sushi rookie, so I may not have all of my terminology correct, but I do know good vs. bad, and this is good.  I just wished I lived closer, so I could benefit from their delivery!  I will definitely be returning.
3	It's hit or miss.Be careful when ordering Seafood....they do not mind serving the catch of 2 days ago.Normally it is good, but I ordered steamed shrimp that smelled so bad it stunk up my house.
1	Probably some of the worst Chinese and food in general I have had. I would worry about getting sick here based on the raw chicken i was served and kung pao chicken that I have now idea what it actually was. Steer clear of this place.
2	My son and I went for dinner one evening.  He was in the mood for sushi and I was up for some sort of curry.  They brought out my curry in record time, but it wasn't very hot and the sauce was a little congealed - like it had been quickly assembled.  We then had to wait another 10 minutes for my son's yellow tail sushi roll (his normal selection).  When he took his first bite he got a putrid look on his face and said the fish tasted totally fishy and was all stringy.  When he pulled the bite out of his mouth with his napkin, you could see it was all fatty and fibery.  I smelled and tasted another peice myself, and sure enough it tasted and smelled totally fishy and was so fibrey it couldn't be chewed through. As I looked at it closely, it was clear what he served my son was entirely from the red blood line on the side of the fish.We called the waiter/owner over, and explained that while I understood and expected their rolls would include trimmings from the blood line along with other pieces of yellow tail, this was simply not edible and asked if he could make another.  He got very hostile and said that is exactly how the yellow tail roll should be made and refused to do anything to correct my son's meal.  With my teenage son already mortified I had said anything to the waiter/owner, I let it lie and shared some of my food. Unfortunately, the owner wanted to argue his point, and kept coming back to our table to argue about how perfect the roll was.  He even brought a frozen yellow tail out (actually a kind of jack), and waved it in front of my face pointing at the blood line to show me it was part of the fish --  even as I tried to move out of arms reach from him.  Very bizzare indeed.
