3	Whoa!  That's allot of meat!I stopped here for a quick lunch.  I had the Gyro combo.  Everything tasted just as expected.  It's funny how you can get a Gyro at some little place in Anycity, USA and it will taste almost exactly the same.  Sort of the Greek equivalent of the Big Mac.  There must be only one supplier for the Gyro loaf that they all use.What I would have liked from Athen's was 50% less meat and 100% more onion, tomato and dressing.  I left them a Yelp card so hopefully they will read the review.  My Gyro had easily enough meat for 2 sandwiches.  I was tossing off meat.Did I just say tossing off meat?
2	Great place to pop into for healthy lunch, I recommend takeout unless you want to watch Telenovas during your lunch, I don't.  The interior hurts my eyes, bright blue and red furniture was a little too much for me. I love Greek food, and they serve a solid chicken kabob, chicken was great and marinade was sooo flavorful! Lots of fresh vegetables served with the side salad, the rice was unusual, but good, not your typical jasmine rice which I prefer. All and all good experience.
5	Athens Gyros & Pasta is my favorite place to get gyros in The Valley. I discovered this place after some friends found it one random day. It was fieldtrip time for us as we piled into the car and walked in, curious if this tiny, hole-in-the-wall restaurant was going to deliver good food. Just like most small restaurants; the food was out of this world! I've been several, SEVERAL times, and even though I no longer live in that neighborhood, I still re-route on the way back from work every so often to stop by and grab the chicken gyro combo. The chicken gyro is my all-time favorite! They pile it high with meat and add just the right amount of sauce EVERY time. The fries that come with it are also dee-lish, not comparable to McDonalds or Del Taco Fries...they're more like those amazing county fair fries. The ladies that work there are always so sweet, every single time (and I've been dining PLENTY of times at this place).If you're in the area, skip the Denny's or Burger King in the parking lot, and stop by Athens to try a gyro, you won't be disappointed.(On a side note, the "atmosphere" of this place may not be up to par with the big restaurants or East Valley dining, but I'm someone who goes for food and service, the look of the restaurant is last on my list.)
5	This place has great lunch specials and a wide variety of food options for those who for some reason don't like Greek food/ gyro. Since I love gyro, that's what I order everytime I go but since it is always so good, it is hard to order anything else!The food is always hot and fresh. It is also made quickly enough so I can easily eat during my one hour lunch break.Another plus is that with the lunch special, there is the option of selecting a Greek salad or fries!
2	Alright, I should never review while mad, but this meal pissed me off to no end.  This is your standard Gyro place with the same bulk processed lamb and beef on a stick you get at every Gyro place in Phoenix and the rest of the country.  It's all made in the same factory in Chicago or wherever it is.  That said, I don't mind it, it tastes fine if it's roasted on the cooker.  I like it.Well, the front help was nice and the cook nodded hello.  All was good.  People were nice. Ordered a gryo salad to go.  Paid and left.First issue, they did not slice my meat off of the cooker, it was put from some container onto the grill.  This pisses me off.  I want crispy edges not some wonder meat from yesterday.Lastly, since I got it to go, I didn't see my result until miles away.2+ cups of dressing on my salad.  I kid you not.  I COULD NOT SEE THE MEAT OR SALAD.  What the heck was the cook thinking?  I had more dressing than meat and salad.  I am NOT joking.And it wasn't even tsasiki sauce just some substandard yuck from likely a giant bucket.Note to self:  Do not order gyros from place that doesn't slice fresh.  Always get dressing on side.  Don't eat here.
4	First timers: we went today for early supper.  Mommy, Daddy and 3 year old Silly Pants (who was sleeping on Mommy's shoulder at first).Greeted by very friendly Mom and Pop owners.  Housemade hummus plate was wonderful.  It had greek olives, fresh olive oil and a red spice sprinkled.  Very garlicy.  Mom told me that she makes the hummus with nothing from the can.  The pita it came with was a little stale, but still tasty.Spanokopita was filled with spinach but not cheese.  Served with lovly tatziki sause.  Just perfect.House Greek salad was great!  Fresh red onion, romaine, feta, tomatoes, olives and housemade dressing on side.  Just wonderful!Our boy woke up and joined us for the entree.  Yay!Gyro plate was divine.  The lamb was cooked perfectly and had crispy edges.  The white onion was not strong and went so well with the fresh tomatoes and more tatziki sauce on top.  We had french fries, which were just right.  Freshly cooked. Overall, clean, friendly atmosphere.  Very casual.  50 cents for refills.  Somewhat loud tv with game show on.3 others came in for take out and complimented Mom and Pop for great food.  They were obviously regulars.  We will be back next time we are in the mood for gyros.  Wish they had baba ganoush.
4	I like this place. You can substitute a Greek salad for fries.  Add a drink and tax and it's only $7.09. Good for a quick lunch.
3	This place is pretty hard to find if you don't Google Map it first. I've driven by this shopping centre thousands of times and never knew there was a restaurant set back far behind the El Pollo Loco and Wells Fargo. I've been mad craving gyros for awhile now and decided yesterday was the day to quench that... hunger. Looking on Yelp for a convenient place that didn't have horrible reviews proved a challenge but I made it here in the end.For just $6.99, you get a generously filled flat bread - gyro, vegetables and tzatziki sauce - rolled up in foil with a side a seasoned thick-cut fries and a 16oz drink (Coke products - nothing ethnic). She threw in ketchup packets and napkins into my to-go order bag and I was out the door in less than 10 minutes. The flat bread was very soft - in fact fell apart on me as I tried to eat it taco-style - and the fries were tasty if a bit boring (the seasoning is just paprika and salt). I definitely should have ordered an extra side of tzatziki sauce for my fries. Overall, good deal. If in the area and cravings strike again, I won't overlook this place.
5	Nice little restaurant hidden behind the bank.  This being my first time I ordered the hummus and Greek salad to see if this place was good. The ladies that took my order were nice and brought out the food pretty quick. I was amazed with the portions because the prices weren't bad.  Both the hummus and salad were perfect and tasted fresh.  The hummus was probably the best I've had compared to other Greek places in Phoenix.  Definitely will be back to try the gyros and the chicken shawarma.
3	Nice friendly staff. Service was kind of slow for a lunch break stop. Food was ok, but lacking flavor in comparison to my regular greek stops. Left me wanting to go to my default Greek rrestaurant.
5	I really love this place they make the best greek salad ever, the customer service is wonderful, they are prompt with my order and the food tastes better each and every time!
4	Mmm chicago style beef sandwich was pretty good!  With peppers both sweet and hot. A little salty but good and juicy. I'll go back for the rest of the menu!
4	1st day in Phoenix and stopped here for body fuel after a long road trip from Atlanta and I am excited to say, I have found my first favorite place in Phoenix!! The gyro was amazing and the lamb was tender and deelish. I am def going to try the greek salad next time since a customer who was enjoying it himself made sure to advise that I do so my next time! Matter of fact...ON MY WAY THERE NOW!
1	So sad, been going to this place regularly for the last 1.5 years.  They had the most amazing spaghetti sauce.  Then they changed, each week it seemed to get a little worse, until my last trip when it became obvious they've just given up and are using a jarred sauce.  They've lost this loyal customer.
3	Edible but disappointed. Don't know many Greek restaurants who use oregano in a salad rather than mint or not use lemon juice and garlic in everything. Shawarma was cut so small that it became jerky like and dry. Sweet service but not what I expected.
5	LOVE LOVE One of my favorites!! Best Chicken Pita I have ever had!! The Greek salad is very delish as well! And i dont really even like fries and they have some of the best fries ever!! I always get a side of pita bread because its that good and fresh.. Highly recommend!! Love the owners as well very nice!
5	Amazing and fresh. This is a weekly staple. Love this place.  And the staff is friendly and courteous.
5	This is now my favorite place to eat! The Pita bread and hummus is to die for  the staff is so kind and even if the sign says closed they are still happy to let you in to order.This will be our favorite place for Gyros, I highly recommend you try it...
