5	I contacted this company to do a fairly basic custom landscape job on a smaller las vegas backyard. The company's owner met with me initially and created a impressive landscaping plan and laid out all the cost and time lines. I was very impressed with the efficiency and timeliness of the completion. They are a bit steep on the money side but it was worth the price not to have to deal with any crap or have any delays. I just dealt strictly with their office manager for the payment, foreman for the materials decisions, and the owner for design and terms. I did not have to be at home or do anything with the workers, or call and remind them to do anything so it was cool.
1	Initially when we met with Mike, the owner of this company we were highly impressed with him and his designs.  After working with him, I suggest any and all people looking for landscaping, hardscaping or any related work to look elsewhere. Why? After months and months of delays resulting from working from wrong iterations of plans, HUGE errors in work due to communication issues from the owner to his workers  (I hope for your sake you speak Spanish fluently) as well as unnecessary amounts of stress related to this job- we are left with a ton of haphazardly done work that needs addressing and Mike is nowhere to be found.All five star reviews are bogus.  Feel free to contact me and ask me for a list of names that feel the same way. I suggest taking your hard earned money, and RUN.
5	I began my landscaping project with a concept that would result in a low-maintenance, serene, personal oasis.  Several companies that I reached out to never materialized with anything more than an estimate.  Mike came with fully designed plans with blueprints and computer program to visualize the end product.  He captured exactly the feel that I had in mind, was willing to tweak the design as we progressed, and completed the project on time.  I am completely satisfied with him and his team, and would recommend without hesitation.  It is a beautiful space that I enjoy daily!
4	I have known Mike (the owner) and his staff for many years. I have had MAC landscape our commercial and residential properties here is Las Vegas for many years. Over the years, their customer service has fluctuated from passable to excellent, but they have always done quality work. I left MAC for a short time to see if other landscapers could save me money or do a better job, but I ended up going back after three other landscapers failed to meet the quality that MAC provides.Recently, I have had them involved in several projects at my house--digging a sandpit and relocating a wishing well. I am very happy with their workmanship. They can be a little pricier than the standard "mow, blow, and go" guys, but they are definitely worth the extra because they do it right.
