4	This is my first semester using the Student Recreation Complex (SRC) after several of semesters attending ASU and paying the fitness fees. So this semester I figured I will get my money's worth. The first week back to school the SRC offers free fitness classes! What a great idea, it totally got me motivated. The fit classes are $45.00 and the mind/body classes are about $100.00. Although I would like to take both aerobics and yoga workouts, I think I am going to spare a little cash and just do aerobics this semester. The building and equipment seem pretty up-to-date, there are just some things that show their age, like the woman's locker room and the towels. The woman's locker room is a 3.5 star. It is definitely dated, but kept very clean. The room is unappealing as soon as you walk into this baby blue color that adorns all the tiles on the walls and lockers. Ugh! Showers are open; however there is a section that offers some privacy with easy to see through curtains. The towels are pretty small and thin, but they get the job done. Unlimited towels are available if you buy a locker for $30.00/semester. Most, if not all, of the cardio machines have individual tv's attached. I think there are two weight rooms (which I have not entered yet, but they seem rather large). Free fit and mind/body classes had me partaking in: Yoga flow, Zumba Party, and Butts & Guts. The schedule for fit classes is long, up to 14 classes a day, sure to work into your busy life's! The instructors have all been amazing so far. I look forward to trying out the variety of classes they offer. There is also a smoothie/snack bar.I'm sure I am leaving out so, so much. Being my first week in this gym I have a lot to discover.
4	They are pretty good, as long as you are an ASU student or faculty! I won't go anywhere else since I am already paying fee for here as part of my "tuition", stupid but well atleast make use if it! Pretty good for what they offer! Mind-body is pretty cheap as compared to similar courses offered outside elsewhere! They have options for personal trainers too, but not as expensive as outside! The best part about SRC ofc is the heated big pool, huge indoor basketball & outdoor courts, tennis courts, racquetball courts, volleyball/badminton courts, so if you can use all of these facilities it's worth it.But if you are an outsider you are not allowed from what i remember( please double check that), but you can get secondary membership if you have a roomie who goes to ASU for a decent price. They are renovating it currently as it is being expanded, the gym facilities even though decent, have room for improvement. Also it gets way too crowded in there during evenings
3	I came here for a basketball league. The courts are nice compared to the old gym we used to go to. Bathrooms aren't that clean.
