4	The only dance/electronica radio station in Las Vegas- I heard this in a friend's car- wow! I put a preset in my car soon after that. You can get your dance fix with this unique music format- feels like you're in a club. Obviously, with my reviews of radio stations (you should see my CD collection- alternative, greatest hits, jazz, dance, pop, compilations, reggae, world, etc.), I have a large & varied musical taste- it just depends on my mood. Sometimes it can get repetitious, the beats, but like I said in my other reviews, you can always switch the station, when you get tired of it. Anyway, hope it lasts, because stations often times evolve (play list slowly changes) or cease to exist altogether.These are the most known: David Guetta (played at the gym alot and other stations), with featured DJ's like Paul Oakenfold (legendary) and John Digweed (might sound familiar to you).
4	This radio station features dance/electronica music.  I enjoy listening to it, however they play the same tracks over and over.....it gets old real fast.  I pop in from time to time to break the monotony.Another thing I like about this radio station is that there are very few commercial breaks.Will I continue to listen?  Sure, but need a break now and then.
5	Great station if you're a fan of electronica music.    Party time 24/7.  Take me to a happy place!Listen online here:  http://radiotime.com/station/s_55335/945_The_Vibe_945.aspxWe need a station like this in Los Angeles, stat!!!
5	This is my favorite radio station in town. In a desert full of very mediocre and dull music stations, I find The VIbe. Aside from the food, one of the things I miss about L.A. is the radio stations.  The only time I really listen to the radio is on my commute to and from work. I love the selection and the lack of commercial interruptions. Every time I'm in the car, driving around town I turn it on the cheer my mood and make time speed by. So many lively dance mixes, love it.I highly recommend it to the dance lovers out there!
4	So you're the type that doesn't get enough electronic dance music in the clubs or at the rave. Twelve hours of chest thumping, repetitious music at a dance music festival still leaves you wanting more. Most radio stations don't see electronic dance music as a viable format. More often than not, you get an hour or two once a week from the alternative music stations.Then as your scanning the dial, here comes The Vibe on 94.5. Now, it's refreshing to have something different on the radio. And there are very few commercials, no mouthy DJ talking over the music. It's niche market doesn't care for that. My only complaint is the lack of diversity in playlists. If you let the dial rest, you're likely going to hit a repeat moment. There's plenty of decent dance music out there.
