5	What happens in Vegas, starts with VegasGoodBuys! Check out our services to experience a trip of a lifetime. We look forward to seeing you!
5	Used VegasGoodBuys.com to set up my buddy's bachelor party. They did it all, I couldn't believe how easy they made it to coordinate a group of 14 friends coming from all cities across the country. From Hotel, to dinners, activities, day parties, and nightclubs, we did not have to worry about a thing. Everything was taken care of prior to our arrival, and the thing that we especially appreciated was that we were able to split everything evenly amongst the group pretty much before we touched down in Vegas. We put down deposits for everything, and all our reservations were accommodated. This is a top notch concierge service, and I HIGHLY recommend using them if you're planning a trip to Vegas and need everything taken care of Soup to Nuts. WILL DEFINITELY USE THEM AGAIN!
5	Before discovering VegasGoodBuys, I used another travel service that made booking any kind of trip a job. I discovered VegasGoodBuys through a friend who had a last minute trip that had to be made just a few days in advance and the agents at VGB made it as easy as it could be as well as EXTREMELY affordable. I decided to book a trip with them on a very strict budget and they were able to give me everything I asked at an even cheaper rate then I suggested. I literally gave them a list of my interests (hotel, activities, etc) and they responded with an exact breakdown of everything I was looking for and what it would take to reserve. I had to do absolutely no work as they completely took care of me. The site was extremely easy to maneuver with finding ideas and hotel of interest as well as the quotes sent straight to me. My experience was amazing and extremely easy as many people know booking a trip to Vegas can be difficult. I would suggest this to anyone looking to set up amazing trip to Vegas whether your just looking for a hotel or an activity filled party go to VegasGoodBuys.com!!!!
5	Whenever I go to vegas I always use Vegas Good Buys.  They get the best prices on everything and make it so easy to have a good time.  Highly recommend this.
5	So my family surprised me by announcing they were coming to visit me in Las Vegas.  You can imagine the shock, horror and dismay I felt as I was being asked to recommend everything from where they should stay to what shows to see.  Even I hadn't had the chance after moving to Vegas in October (or the personal budget) to check out any of the Cirque, magic, or comedy shows around town.  What is poor struggling intern to do :(My friend recommended I check out vegasgoodbuys.com. Their website is a one-stop shop that made the process quick and easy to help coordinate my family's Vegas Adventure in a just a few minutesAfter submitting and easy query online I booked them at the Flamingo. I didn't have to waste my time surfing endless hotel websites for rates or calling people. In about 10 minutes, everything was DONE!Vegas Good Buys even helped coordinate setting up the fam to see La Reve at the Wynn which was AMAZING!  Vegasgoodbuys.com is major timesaver and my families is still talking reminding 6 months later of how much fun they had in Las Vegas.
