1	Two weeks ago some friends and I went to Ellis Island to get something to eat. I decided on Boardhouse because I had pizza earlier that day. Well it was not a pleasant experience. After standing in front of establishment and watching them make the sandwiches and hearing the Manger tell his staff that he will be out of chicken for the chicken sandwiches I continued to stand there and watch them waiting for my name to be called. The bottom line to this event was after I asked the cashier how long more will I have to wait for my sandwich she asked what my name was and then she started to tell me that she called my name and I did not respond. I then told her that I was standing right in front of her and everyone else and no one called my name. The manager then called security because I was a little mad at the fact that they all called me a liar. Yesterday 8-4-12, I went back to Ellis Island to eat with friends and Marlene decided that she wanted a sandwich. I decided to give it another try and I wanted chili. Well strike 2. When I ordered chili Adrian said let me check and you got it there was no chili. Now if you work there and you see that the warmer where the chili is supposed to be has no chili in it or a serving ladle and the lid is shiny clean there was no chili to begin with. So if you don't know what you have or don't have then you should not be working there or your manager is very bad at food inventory. After I said no thank you, Adrian made the comment of wow this guy really hates us in front of my friend.  This staff as well as the manager is bad for this company. They also did not make my friends sandwich the way they ordered it. She told Adrian no onions and there were lots of onions. She also asked the female cashier what the soup of the day was and all we got was a mumble out of her that we did not know what she said and she walked away.Don't eat there.
1	I usually LOVE Boardhouse and I loved it when it was next to UNLV.  This new location is AWFUL!  There was no where for us to sit so we were told we could sit at some slot machines.  My sandwich was pretty disgusting compared to the other locations and the whole visit just sucked.  I also caught one of the employees making fun of me and called him out.  He just started laughing.  I'll stick to the good location off Lake Mead and Boulder Highway when I'm out in the area.
1	Sandwich was so so. They don't give free refills on soda... Huh?  I won't be back. This place will be closed soon.
4	Myself and 3 buddies were staying at the Flamingo and we tried eating dinner at the Ellis Island Cafe a couple times (About a block and a half away on a side street off the Strip), but at night the wait was about 40 minutes.  The Boardhouse is towards the back of the Casino, next to a pizza place. (Ellis is awesome for breakfast though! 10 bucks for a steak and egg special with a big beer!) Solid backup plan!There was only one counter worker that both took orders, money, and prepared the sandwiches.There are about 20 options for hoagies on the menu, half toasted, half cold. Plus you can order $2 big beers from there. I ordered the spicy Baja toasted hoagie and after waiting about 5 minutes, it was ready. (They really need more help here) But our server was nice enough, didn't really look like she wanted to be there, but pleasant enough and said "Your welcome" when I thanked her for the great looking sub.For $10 bucks I got a whole sub with a big beer. Not too shabby. I say this, because it was a really quality grinder. Lots of juicy chicken chunks with a solid spicy (Not too spicy) sauce and lots of veggies. The wheat bread was perfectly microwaved, but it wasn't a drawback.The whole sub was a perfect amount of food after a long day and Vegas, and I came back one more time and the same server was there. Pretty much the same experience with a tasty sandwich. Really good stuff.
1	Unfortunately this place is connected to the Ellis Island Casino filth. Boardhouse should know better than to stay in that contamination. The Ellis Island Casino owners kicked out Food inspectors:http://www.jrn.com/ktnv/news/177746751.htmlMaybe try a different location, but STAY AWAY from Ellis Island Boardhouse!
3	Solid sandwich, great price.  I would probably come back to try more of the menu.  The microbrews were great!
4	My husband and I had the munchies and didn't want to stand in line for the cafe, so we split a Texas BBQ beef sandwich.  Tasted great, generous portion.  The staff was friendly and split our meal for us.  Would definitely come back.
4	Really wasn't expecting much out of a casino sandwich shop but it was nearby so we gave it a try. As it turns out they make a pretty mean sandwich! The Ranch BBQ chicken had pretty tender and juicy chicken and the bread was toasted right. Everyone else I was with liked their sandwiches too. Would go back!
