2	Mom's out of town for Thanksgiving so what do two grown men do???  They go out to eat!  This choice brought us to Ben & Jacks in Old Town.  I've eaten at Peter Luger's in New York but never one of Ben & Jacks spin-offs so I was excited to try it.  The dinner started off at the bar for a cocktail.  Guinness on draft is always a good idea but in a 10oz glass doesn't quite seem right.  The Stoli and Tonic I ordered was great but again the glassware made for a short pour. When the check came, almost 22 dollars for the beer and cocktail.  I don't care how high-end you are, that's absurd pricing.   Continuing on with our drink pricing fiasco we were moved from the bar to our table where we ordered a bottle of Panna for our flat water...Always a good choice when a restaurant serves it, but as we came to find when the check came, 10 dollars was the going price for that liter of water. Did I mention the word absurd?!?  I don't know if they are trying to recoup all of their start up fees in 2 weeks but at this pace they just might!   Moving on to the wine choice, it  seemed to be a little bit more reasonable as we saw a bottle of the Raymond Cabernet priced at 18 dollars a glass which would have ideally put the bottle at about 70 dollars, I say ideally because the wine list at the bar didn't have a price by the bottle for that wine ...I thought nothing of it but was definitely ready to try it and get some food in our tummies.... Things looked like they were looking up!We then moved to the table promptly after drinks and were met by our server.  No specials given outside of the Thanksgiving Day Pre-Fix menu so we just ordered off the menu.  Dad started with the Oysters on the Half Shell ($13.95.  Great flavor and plenty of horseradish and cocktail sauce to season! I wasn't so luck with my Baked Clams($13.95).  These little neck clams were 6 to the plate and just that....LITTLE!  While the flavor was decent, the portion could definitely use an adjustment. I also found it a tad overwhelming that the server moved my clams from one plate to the other and then seasoned with the extra white wine reduction.  Maybe it's just me, but I don't like being served like that. Sprinkle some pepper, grate some cheese but no touching the food...Well now to dinner, and good thing I was still hungry after the appetizers because the Prime Ribeye($45.95) I ordered  was massive.  The bone-in rib eye was done perfectly medium with a Gorgonzola reduction I requested on the side.  Dad got the same with some sort of Au Jus... His ordered Medium Rare and again perfectly done.  As a side we shared the German Potatoes(13.95) Kind of pricey for a side but good overall flavor.  After the meal absolutely no room to try a dessert so we asked for the check.  When it came I opened it and almost gave back all my food.  Not for pricing of the steaks but the pricing on the water and the wine.  The Raymond Cabernet came out at $90.  I don't know who is doing the math in the accounting office but  you're definitely in line for a raise! Long and the short of it...steaks were phenomenal, Antonio the server was great but everything else was mediocre at best.  Too many staff members running around and seemed like a lot of disorganization.
5	What a great steakhouse with class! The manager Roxanne was so polite and really CARED about our dining experience. The Prime steak and shrimp were excellent. We loved the REAL caesar  dressing on our salad!  We had EXCELLENT service from Julio! If your looking for a first class dining experience, this is the place.
2	Food was mediocre at best.  Steaks are so large that splitting them is the only rational option.  German  potatoes came out burnt.  Why they thought it was ok to serve them was beyond me.  They replaced them with lumpy mashed which was an improvement but still nothing to charge $8 for.   Bread options unremarkable.   No cucumbers in the entire restaurant for my water, which, ok they've only been open 3 weeks but really?   Service was good since we were only a handful of diners.  Waiter didn't know how to describe one of the only two glasses of white wine available by the glass.   No valet parking.   Steaks were a highlight.  Great flavor, slight char.   For these prices if they don't fix the portion sizes and improve the sides they won't be in business for long.  There are way too many other great Valley steakhouses in this price range.
4	I was impressed with this steakhouse. Swank atmosphere without coming off as cheesy. I started with a shrimp cocktail that was outstanding. Four shrimp, but the largest shrimp I've ever been served - easily way more meat than you'd normally get in a 6 pc cocktail. Then, I had the filet mignon which, at 14 oz, was plenty to satisfy my appetite. Cooked perfectly, it was very tender and aged well. The prices are a bit on the high side for the value, perhaps, but not outrageous given the Scottsdale location, ambiance, and what this steakhouse positions itself as. Plan to drop about $80-$100 per person to dine here, but you'll come away very happy. When I was unable to finish the steak, they had a very nice touch - offered to take my plate and wrap the leftovers for me. When I went to polish them off the next day, I noticed that they had scored the steak (without cutting it into slices) so that it would be easy to slice later while retaining the moisture and texture - nice job, Ben & Jack's! Withholding that 5th star only because all of the dinners are a la carte style (the steak does not come with any sides, such as a salad, veggies, or potato), but the 4 star rating does not indicate any dissatisfaction whatsoever with my experience here. Enjoy!
5	Great, great steaks!! The food and service are top-shelf!
2	I give this 2 stars because the wait staff was very friendly and went out of their way. I took my husband here for his birthday.  He LOVES prime rib, so we are always trying different places that serve it.  the prime rib was huge, but had a gravy consistency on top of the meat itself. He said it was very different than what he has ever experienced, and trust me, he has had a lot of prime rib.  He also said it lacked seasoning and tasted too much like cow, like he went up to a cow and took a bite out of its side.  I wasn't too hungry, and not a meat eater so I was going to eat the sides (that feed 2).  We ordered onion rings (amazing) and german potatoes (also very good).  Our waiter kept asking if I wanted something else, like pasta with marinara sauce. I continued saying no thank you, one, because I wasnt too hungry, and two, the pasta was 30.00. He offered to make me a vegetable plate. I kindly declined and he continued pressing it. Finally I said ok that would be fine.  Our dinner came and the sides were very good.  I explained the prime rib earlier in this. My vegetables were pretty good also, but I was very dissapointed when we received the bill. I was charged 30.00 for vegetables!!!  I am talking, 4 pieces of brocolli, 4 pieces of asparagus, an ice cream scoop size of spinach and some mushrooms. If I would have known that I would have went with the pasta. I am unsure if we were charged this amount because our waiter seemed very offended when my husband truthfully told him his opinion about the prime rib, or if that's what they normally charge for a veggie plate. The waiter did ask how the prime rib was and my husband was very polite and nice about it and said that it is not what he is used to with the gravy on top. the waiter said it is Au jus, and that's the way they do it in new york. My husband said he has never ever had anything like that and he has had a lot of prime rib. that's when the waiter said "maybe you haven't had Prime beef before" and walked away.  He was obviously offended, and that was not out intent at all. We asked if they could box up the other half of the meat that my husband didn't eat so we could take home to our pup (We didn't tell them that, and I know that sounds bad, but my husband did not like it). They took the meat to box it up, we waited for it for 20 or so minutes and it never came back out. we inquired about it and they said the bus boy accidently threw it away. They did cook half a piece for us and packaged it up. We also had someone come to our table and offer us a cocktail or dessert on the house since we didn't like the prime rib.  We kindly declined.  We would have rather had something taken off our bill, especially after charging 30.00 for a veggie plate. We were there almost 2 hours because of the chaos.  I understand they have to get the flow going since they are new here in Scottsdale, and that's why we were very patient. Everyone seemed to be friendly accept when we offended our waiter, then his demeanor changed towards us.  I was in tears by the time we left because I wanted his birthday to be special and when he asked half way through eating the prime rib "baby do you mind if I don't eat the other half, I do not like it" it made me sad that he even ate half of it just to make me feel good about taking him there for his birthday. I wish he would have just told them right away, but with the reaction we got when he did tell our waiter, I doubt anything would have been done.
3	took my girl there for our anniversary.she is from ny and was excited to eat here.let me start by saying the staff was great,friendly and we enjoyed talking to them.the atmosphere is cold and not romantic.we go to lots of steak houses and and the experience is part of the dinner.to bright,to plain.the bathrooms where cheap.the food was ok..just ok.the vegetables where crazy over price and the steak,was big,was kinda dry.i would like to say we are coming back but we are going to stick with dominics and ruth chris or cartwrights for our steak..thanks anyway
1	Interesting to me that Ben & Jack's comments on the "good" reviews they recieve, yet do nothing, not even offer an apology for the "less than perfect" reviews
1	There was nothing redeeming about our experience here aside from the company we were with! Party of 12, bill $1,000+ no auto gratuity and they charged $10 for a birthday dessert??? Food was mediocre on a good day - steak = blah, sea bass = tasteless (though will say it was a decent portion size, but for $40 I expected a bit more), sides = bland & over priced for size of the dish. All in all I could have spent $90 less (ended up being $100/pp) and been content with a $0.99 cheeseburger from McDonalds and a $10 bottle of wine from the store! I do NOT recommend and will NOT go back. Many other places in the valley and in Old Town to get a phenomenal dining experience for the price vs this place. Be forewarned...
1	If I could give zero stars I probably would for a variety of reasons.  First of all, there are many, many upscale steakhouses to choose from in the Scottsdale area and nothing about Ben & Jacks would convince me to choose them over others such as Mastros, Capital Grill, City Hall, Dominicks, etc.  Also, having actually eaten at Peter Lugers in Brooklyn many times it was actually depressing seeing this place so poorly trying to copy a legendary restaurant, from the way they serve their steaks to the very weak knockoff of Lugers Steak Sauce.  Now onto our meal.  We had a decent size group last  night for a friends birthday and spent exactly $1050 before tip and about $500 of that was on  wine, the other half almost all on the steak.  The calamari appetizer we had was probably some of the worst calamari I've had in years (with Capital Grill being the best).  They convinced us to do 2 orders of "Steak for Four" which just barely served the 8 people who were eating it.  We would have been much better off had we all just ordered our own steak.  It was also undercooked, which seems like it should be a tough thing to do since they slice it before they bring it to the table (Lugers style).   The sides we had were all mediocre at best; including creamed spinach, German potatoes (homefries), and mashed potatoes.  Now for the part that really shocked me.  One slice of cheesecake was served with a candle in it for our friends birthday and that dessert was not comped.  I don't think I've ever been to a meal with a bill of that size for a birthday dinner and not had the dessert for the birthday celebrant taken care of.  It's not about the $10 for the slice of bad cheescake, it purely principle.  Please, please go elsewhere if you're looking for a good steakhouse in Scottsdale or Phoenix.  Don't waste your money here when there are so many other good options.Update:Dear Ben & Jacks Management,I very much appreciate taking the time to read my review and write an email in an attempt at resolving this situation, but for a restaurant of your supposed caliber it falls well short.   10% off of a future bill is certainly not going to motivate me to spend hundreds of dollars at your establishment again.  Frankly, I'm not sure there is any amount of money that will make a difference and I sincerely hope that you use my review to actually improve the product you are offering to what should be high value customers.  I would be more than happy to speak to someone to let them know the specific areas I would work on if you truly want to improve upon the experience at your location.  Sincerely...Ianhere is the email from Ben & Jacks:"Hi Vismig. Thank you so much for taking the time to review our restaurant. We truly appreciate and value you and your feedback. With that said, we are so sorry for your less than amazing experience. We apologize for the proportions and pricing, not meeting your satisfaction. We have spoken with our staff to address the problems. We truly hope you'll join us again in the future. We would like to offer you and one other guest 10% off your final bill the next time you come in. If you should decide to take us up on this offer, please e-mail Amber at infoaz@benandjackssteakh.... Just let her know of the yelp review and the date you would like to join us, and she will take care of the rest. We hope to see you again soon. We wish you a happy and healthy 2013. Best regards, Ben and Jack"
5	My girlfriend and I came here for our 4 year anniversary.  They gave us 2 glasses of champagne and a dessert FREE.  The food and drinks were all amazing.  And don't complain about the prices.  The portions are so big, it's like you're paying for dinner and lunch for the following day.  DEFINITELY recommend.
5	Pay no attention to any of the negative reviews posted about this restaurant.  I'm sorry to say that you cannot trust people to write a review because, unfortunately, most have no basis with which to speak about quality cuisine.  From my experience, most Yelp posters have traveled very little, experienced even less and have a limited understanding of meritorious achievement when it comes to cuisine.  From the very best 'cheap eats' to AAA Four Diamonds and Michelin rated restaurants, I have experienced a lot both in the United States and abroad.  I don't mean to be braggadocious but I have to let you know the basis with which this review is coming from. I am from New York City - moved here for work about 7 years ago and been a foodie all my life.  Came here with my girlfriend to try it out as I have been to all the best steakhouses in town but was craving the kind of steak I found out East in places like the original Uncle Jack's in Bayside.Don't get me wrong, I like Mastro's.  I go there often.  But even after telling the boys at Mastro's that I want a char crust on the steak and that I like having it sliced before it's brought out, their steaks were never exactly what I was looking for.The night I tried Ben & Jack's I was sitting near the owner of Roka Akor who almost fell out of his chair raving about the steak.  He has a fantastic restaurant which I have frequented about a hundred times.  He knows his stuff.  He also knows that  BEN & JACK'S IS HANDS DOWN THE BEST STEAK IN TOWN!  Don't believe me? Go ask him.Why?  Because it's done the right way, the way that only a true steak aficionado can appreciate.  DRY AGED.That's right.  I said it.  Because there is no other steakhouse in town that serves Dry Aged Prime Beef.  And there is no other steakhouse that will serve it with the perfection it deserves.I'll admit, other restaurants have a better atmosphere.  And unfortunately, that continually seems to be the basis with which a restaurant is judged in this town.  If it's a lot of high class hookers you want to gawk at while chowing down on your beef, then Mastro's is a better choice for you and they do have very good steak.  If you want to meet the fine prostitutes, head to the bar at Mastro's around 6:30-7:30pm.  Look around my friend.But that is not why you come to Ben & Jack's.  You come to Ben & Jack's because it is easily the best steak in town and it stacks up to the very best New York City steakhouses.  Their Porterhouse is high in the running for the best steak I have ever had.I was duly impressed with Ben & Jack's and will be making a return soon.If you are contemplating whether to take the plunge and try Ben & Jack's, take it from someone with a little sense.  Don't make the mistake of thinking that the opinions of others are equal to this post.  Other reviewers that give Ben & Jack's anything less than 4 stars don't have the foggiest idea that they are just another number; another member of the masses with an under-developed palate looking for a handout.I am officially drawing a line in the sand for a restaurant that is worthy of defending.
5	Finally decided to eat at Ben and Jacks Steakhouse for a business dinner. I had heard from people that the place was not that good. The portions weren't big enough, the bread was bad, and the steaks just were terrible.Despite all those claims, I gave the place a shot, because I haven't been to an old school steak house since I was at Manny's in Minneapolis and the guys in my party have eaten at Peter Lugers and they were so excited to have a steak like the ones at the epic landmark in Brooklyn. So, I went along. I wanted to go to Michael Mina's Bourbon Steak, but I lost 3-1Upon our arrival, we were graciously greeted by a beautiful and friendly hostess. We made the reservation through open table. My party wanted to start out at the bar and the hostess there was no problem, despite us finally sitting at our table an hour after we were supposed to sit down.We didn't order anything special at the bar. Just beer wine and a martini. But what blew us away were these house made potato chips!!! Lord child! They were so tasty. The bartender brought us 3 baskets because we couldn't stop grubbing on them. At the table, we were immediately greeted by our server....or so we thought. Throughout our whole dinner, every server in the restaurant touched our table. Either by refilling water, refreshing cocktails, bringing food out or whatever. Someone was always at the table to get us whatever we needed.I've personally never been a fan of dry aged steak but I wanted to really grasp what makes this so special. I'd heard over and over about Peter Lugers and how these guys cloned it and made it very successful. So, when in Rome......  I've always been a big proponent of wet aging and rolled with it my whole life, but if these guys I was with say I'd be changed after trying this type of dry aging, then I'm going to trust them.What we enjoyed a lot was the explanation our waiter gave us on the back story of the restaurant and their process of dry aging prime beef. He explained that its a fuller flavor and that it is aged 28-30 days so that's where the difference in texture and flavor is compared to all the other steak houses in the Valley. He also explained the portion sizes which are huge!! Who serves a 16oz filet mignon? A 30oz prime rib? But the steak for 4.... we "settled" for because its their house specialty and a whopping 88 oz!!!!! That's 5 and a half pounds! I said, lets go caveman and eat meat.We all ordered appetizers and salads, but what stood out was the Caesar salad. I know, a Caesar? Yes!! That dressing is the best I've ever had!! Everybody ordered the sizzling Canadian bacon except me. They loved it with the Ben and Jacks steak sauce. I tried it, but just wasn't my style. But lets talk about this meat. We only had the steak for 4. It came out on a platter that you could hear sizzling as it came out of the kitchen. They set is down and it was pre-sliced at a perfect medium rare. The server then took individual slices and continued to sear it on the side of the sizzling plate!! That was really cool and we looked like little kids watching Cotten candy being made. It was crazy but so much fun. Then another server served our potatoes, while another, served our cream spinach, another mushrooms, and another one poured our wine and refilled our water. The steak tasted so amazing and it was so tender. I don't know why we needed steak knives. We were way too full for dessert. We needed to wear elastic band sweats instead of slacks and a suit coat because we were full!! The manager came by the table and offered to buy us a round of after dinner drinks or coffee, just because he wanted to thank us for coming in. We took him up on it and it was quite a gesture on his behalf. We were having a business dinner and most people stay away which is what I personally like. I like to just be more anonymous than have attention brought to me. But that just capped a perfect night.I'm bringing my wife there for Valentines day and will continue to bring people in. In Scottsdale, its nice to be appreciated forcoming into the establishment instead of the unwelcome or the "you should be so honored to walk through our doors" feeling I get at a lot of "high end" places.Anyway, a long story short, it was truly an amazing experience!!  What a great night and thank you for coming to Phoenix/Scottsdale. Thank you Ben and Jack! We finally have a New York steakhouse in the Valley!
2	Since we have been to City hall and other Maestros steak houses this venue does not compare. We waited for over and hour to sit down after having reservations for 7:45. Even giving them slack for valentines day we still didn't have the best experience. I give the management credit for trying hard to rectify the situation but this is a place we will not be visiting again. Food B- ambiance C- organization D- customer server C-. For that price I will choose City Hall every time.
1	Went tonight for first time and won't be returning!  Had reservation for 7 and was seated within a few minutes and then it all went to hell after that!  Waited 20 minutes to place drink order, 25 minutes after that someone finally took our food order and after being there for 1.5 hours with no food delivered  to our table we decided to walk out without eating.  To charge $75 dollars a plate and have such poor service is outrageous this place is by NO MEANS a fine dining establishment would not recommend anyone who desires a quiet atmosphere, good food and good service eat here because you will leave highly disappointed
4	Surprised by all the negative reviews of Ben and Jack's on Yelp. My family and I enjoyed a fantastic dinner here recently. Waitstaff was friendly and attentive. Decor is old school, but clean white table clothes are always appreciated. Salads were crisp, even though coated in dressing.  Bottom line a restaurant like Ben and Jack's is all about the steaks, and the steaks (filet and NY strip) were top notch and prepared to perfection.  Cream spinach and french fries were delicious - skip the onion rings.  My wife enjoyed the Chicken Parmesan with spaghetti. Hot fudge sundae was seriously old school and delicious. Adding Ben and Jack's to a list of new favorites.
1	Made reservations for Valentine's dinner for two at Ben & Jacks  to finally try out this restaurant and to evaluate it to bring a group of 14 in March, and what a disappointment!Our reservation was at 7 pm and we got there right on time, as we checked in the hostess told us they were running a little behind so we went to the bar and ordered drinks while waiting to be seated. (Went back to hostess and told her we will be waiting at the bar and to not forget us). A half hour later she comes in and asks us if we are going to eat at the bar and we respond "no, we told you we will wait for a table"  and with a bad attitude she tell us we need to wait a few more minutes.At 7:45 I go back to check if our table is ready and she tells me we are next to be seated and the table is being set. The couple next to our table at the bar overhears me and tells me they had reservations at 6:15 and never got a table and they are leaving. Our bar server apologizes to the 4 of us for the bad service we are receiving.We sit at our table and another 20 min goes by and nobody comes to take our order so I asked the bus boy if he knows who our waiter is and he points to a small black haired man that acknowledges us and yells from afar he will be serving us.10 min later he comes and takes our order.  We order from the Valentine's set menu, calamari, cesar salad and porter house steak for 2.20 min later he comes back with a huge platter of calamari and a small bowl of cesar salad (looked like the ones from the package at the supermarket).As he places the salad on my place setting I ask him what this is, and with an attitude he says "that's your salad to share", and that is when we finally said enough and asked the bar server (he apologizes again for bad service) for our bill at the bar and left.This was supposed to be a fine dining restaurant bringing one dish at a time and with good service, not bad attitude, and we were not going to pay an expensive dinner for garbage.As we were waiting for our car at the Valet parking line, the 2 couples waiting with us had terrible experiences also. One left without eating, like us, and the other couple said they had waited over 1hr 1/2 to ordered to be served mediocre food.I know it was Valentine's, a busy day for any restaurant, but I have never had such a bad experience at any restaurant on Valentines.The disorganization, stress level and bad attitude was as high as it could possible be, with the owner or manager apologizing to many people over and over (we could hear him).THIS RESTAURANT NEEDS ROBERT IRVINE FROM RESTAURANT IMPOSSIBLE TO COME AND SAVE THEM!!!!I will not recommend nor will go back  ever again, City Hall will get the group!
1	one of the poor people who went there for Valentines......the hostess had a bad attitude, we had a reservation at 7:00, but were unable to be seated and order until 8:30.  After extreme hassles and delays, our waiter brought us our hors d'ouvres and salad at the same time...and it was only one salad bowl, which the waiter said we were supposed to split......even though our Prix fixe charge was $75 apiece.....we paid our bar tab and left, as did many other people......all in all, the entire dining experience was ruined for us as well as many others.
5	Go here before they close down !!!We has a wonderful dinner here. It was eerily slow for a Friday night.  We bellied up to the bar and had a couple Martinis and some raw bar appetizers.  The shrimp were incredible some of the best we've ever had.  The bartender - Harry - knows how to make old school cocktails.We sat down for dinner and were greeted by an old time waiter who provided very good service.   we started with their bacon appetizer.  You have to try if for the heck of it and it is very unusual, but very good.  We moved on to the Caesar salad which was excellent - best I've had in town for sure.  We ordered the porterhouse steak for two - medium.  It came out perfectly prepared on a hot sizzling plate.  Also had a baked potato with all the fixin's and creamed spinach - which I don't even like but was really good.  We were too stuffed for desert so just had some coffee and that was excellent too.  I'm not sure why people are complaining about this place.  For a steakhouse it is excellent.  The management went out of their way to make sure everything was good.  Was it perfect? No, for example one of our dirty martInis came out "not dirty" but when we mentioned this to the manager, he came back in 2 minutes with a freshly made dirty martini.  All in all, we were very impressed and will tell our friends about this wonderful new steakhouse in town.
5	Went back for dinner and had a wonderful time. Food and Service were outstanding. The management and staff really care and treat you like gold.
5	We went here because it was within walking distance of our hotel. We were seated and then greeted by Julio, who gave us the background  of Ben and Jacks, and info on how they age the meats. He advised us the sides were huge, served family style. We started out with the Ben and Jacks house salad, which was fantastic! I will try to duplicate it, with Canadian bacon, shrimp pieces, tomatoes, onions, blue cheese crumbles. All 3 of us loved it! My sister ordered the seafood primavera, so much seafood and a bit of pasta. She said the Alfredo sauce was perfect, light and flavorful. My husband had the ribeye, cooked to perfection. I had the filet mignon, very ample portion which I did not finish. The side of mashed potatoes could have fed 4 people. We wished we had left room for dessert, they are all made in house. I highly recommend Ben and jacks!
2	Very average IMHO. What is advertised as USDA Prime tasted like Choice to me. Had the ribeye and it was ok but nothing special. Ruth's Chris is better.
3	Had the Rib Eye Steak which a huge slab of beef but was ok tasting, after reading the history of Ben and Jacks and expecting something close to Peter Luger, I was expecting a lot but was not wowed considering the big prices. The portion of the Rib Eye was huge. Enjoyed the German Potatoes and the Prawns but the service could have been a bit faster considering there were no more than 5 other tables being occupied.I  not much of a dessert person but we shared the key lime pie, chocolate mousse cake and apple strudel a la mode, all were very good.I so wanted this to be the go to place for steak but I don't think I could say that now
1	Mediocre steak and too high prices for the quality of the steak.  Mixed green salad was also mediocre. Service was very attentive. For these prices and this quality, this restaurant will not last. Very disappointing food.
5	Tried this out for Restaurant Week and was very glad. Service was excellent as was the food. Had the 12 oz Sirloin and  the others tried the Salmon. Had the Canadian Bacon appetizer and it was good. We also had a half dozen Oysters which were not on the Restaurant week menu. Everything was perfect. Our waiter Jare was a real pleasure. We will be back for special occasions.
1	Overpriced not very good way better steakhouses in Scottsdale. The service was also not very good.
2	Uneven - at bestVisited for Restaurant Week on 5/18.  Had high expectations as the restaurant had been mentioned by AZ Central restaurant critic as a place to try.  One of us ordered the salad and one the canadian bacon.  The salad was OK, just lettuce but the dressing was tasty.  We notice other diners having the same salad had additional ingredients like tomato and onion.  I think of canadian bacon as very lean, the bacon served was not.  Didn't really care for it that much.  For dinner, one of us had the sirloin and the other the filet medallions.  Again, not what I would consider high quality beef and the sauce on the medallions was extremely salty.  The mash and broccoli served with it were uninspired and pretty much unseasoned.  The carrot cake for desert was flavorless.  Our server was just OK, and we didn't appreciate having to overhear the servers vying for tables.Sounds like it's the luck of the night whether or not a dining experience here will be good or not so good.  We're frequent diners and it's unlikely we'll be back.
3	Sweet Pea and I went here for Restaurant Week because we hadn't been here yet, he loves steak, and they showed a pasta primavera vegetarian option.  We'd heard that this place was very expensive, so we figured $40 for 3 courses was a good way to try it.  As I read the Yelp reviews after we'd made reservations, I started to get seriously scared.  Everyone slammed the service- waits, walkouts, etc.  But Restaurant Week should be when a restaurant is MOST on its game, since it's an opportunity to introduce themselves to potential new customers, hopefully encouraging them to come back.  Plus, our reservation was early on a Sunday night.We got there and were greeted immediately by a girl standing outside, one hostess standing inside, and a maitre d' or perhaps manager.  They immediately took us to our seat.  No service issues there.  The place was actually more crowded than I'd expected for that time and day, about 1/2 capacity, and was furnished in typical steakhouse style, pretty standard dark wood- nothing unusual.  The waiter and the busboy came right over, filled our waters, and offered us menus including the one for Restaurant Week, which showed no pasta primavera.  When the waiter came back to answer questions, I asked if they had any veg options, and he just shook his head at me.  I said "it says you do online" and he said "well, I guess we could make you some pasta, with some marinara..." and I said OK.  Look, I get that this is a STEAK PLACE, but occasionally you're a vegetarian who is married to a steak lover!  Maybe put one thing on the menu for me?  Or at least have something off menu that you know of and can prepare?  Durant's does this, Donovan's does this, etc.  We each got the mixed salad, and my husband got the 12 oz sirloin, and we got carrot cake and cheesecake for dessert.The mixed salads, while only lettuce and tomatoes, were actually really good because of the tasty vinaigrette dressing.  The pasta was unremarkable, which I won't ding them for because it's a steak joint.  My husband's steak was just OK, served with nothing special mashed potatoes.  During dinner, I ran out of my glass of wine and would have had another, but the waiter didn't come back.  (A large party of 12 or so sat down, and he was assigned them as well.)  When he did come back, he didn't remember who had which dessert and set them at the wrong places.  Again, this is not anything huge- it's just that, if you're trying to be a fancy steakhouse with prices to match, these service items are what sets you apart from say, an Outback.  The desserts were OK- the carrot cake was better than the blah cheesecake, with a lot of spices.  After dinner we waited a very long time for the waiter to come back with our check- long enough to have the card out and waiting for him to prevent any further delays.In sum, the experience was OK, but nothing to write home about or come back for.  If anything, it made Sweetpea discuss the merits of Donovan's the entire way home.
5	Everything is perfect about this place--the staff (awesome and friendly), the food is scrumptious and the manager (Danny) welcomes you all the time. But you must save room for dessert. I eat here about twice a week.  They even have a inexpensive  bar menu.  Justin, the bartender definitely knows all his drinks and various alcohols.
2	At these price points I expected a Ruth's Chris or similar steak house. I had great service, but my steak just didn't seem to be at the quality it should be to justify the price. If you truly want a high end steak house then keep looking.
5	Comfy barstool with a couple of appetizers and a Guinness... Only thing that can make it better is if they play Frank Sinatra and Nate King Cole, wait they do!  Felt like The Old Barn on the southside of Chicago.  Not sure if that's the look they were going for but it's got a lot of class.  Can't wait to come back and try the steak!
5	The food here was fantastic and the portions were extremely generous. I had a glass of Pinot Noir and it had great flavor and paired well with everything I ate. The caesar salad had a very light dressing and was one of the best I've ever had. I had the Salmon and it was cooked just to my liking and I had over half to take home. I had pecan pie for dessert and it was as good as the kind my grandma makes. The service was impeccable and the manager Danny was incredibly helpful. I would suggest this to anyone. They also played great music and I felt as though I was in A NY steakhouse, not Scottsdale.
1	We are frequent diners and appreciate a good experience where ever we go. We were really looking forward to a great steak dinner and prepared to drive from south Chandler and pay the high price for a great steak. It was my sister in laws birthday after all! Then to find out they were one of the restaurants participating in Restaurant Week was even better! We could get a great dinner with salad and dessert included for only $40! When we approached the restaurant we were greeted by a young lady. Not to sound snobby but she was wearing a casual dress with tennis shoes! Yea, tennies! We had reservations (which appeared were not necessary, because they were not busy) and were sat right away. After we reviewed their every day menu and the Restaurant Week menu we asked what the difference is with the $40 filet on the every day menu versus the filet on the Restaurant menu that comes with salad, sides and dessert. He responded, 8oz compared to 12oz, other than that, nothing. So easy decision, no way can I eat 12oz of steak anyway. I ordered med-rare+, it came rare. My sister in laws filet looked like road kill and also undercooked. So they had to be taken back to the cook. My husband 12oz sirloin was more like 4oz. Smashed potatoes were bland and the broccoli undercooked. The desserts were so small I finished it in two bites. I guess they were conservative since they were only getting $40 from each of us. We ordered two bottles of wine which we were over charged so our bill needed to be adjusted. The service was not at all what you would expect from a restaurant to charges an average of $50 a steak and everything else is al la cart and who has an over $2100 bottle of wine on their wine menu. And when we asked to substitute mashed potatoes for a backed potatoes we denied!If steaks are your specialty and you honestly feel you can justify your prices then your service should match it. If you cook steaks all day long one would think you would get it right the first time and not have to be returned to the cook. Needless to say, we will not be returning nor referring our friends. Too bad.
3	We were very curious to try this place, as reviews seemed all over the place. I had the filet mignon. It was an average piece of meat. It was cooked nicely, but seemed very plain. The meal was served with generous portions of broccoli and mashed potatoes. Both of which were good, but none of the food seemed especially noteworthy. The wait staff was, for the most part, surprisingly attentive and friendly. However, one odd note, was that my friend was still eating his dessert- as in- food in fork in mouth, and the waiter asked him if he was done with it. He then left, and upon leaving, left our clearly finished, pushed out of the way- plates on the table. He then returned to ask again, less than a few minutes later- if my friend was finished with his dessert, when there was still ample amounts left on his plate, of which he was still clearly eating. He left a second time, leaving our same, finished, dirty dishes on the table. That being said, the staff was friendly and the food was good, but I prefer Meritage  or Ruth in both ambiance and food quality. Although, the Dean Martin and crooner music was nice in the background.
2	Just tried this place for restaurant week. The staff was wonderful and treated us like regulars (we sat in the bar) but the food was OK AT BEST! I won't pay to go there again just simply because of the food. The cheesecake was freezer burnt and the steak was mediocre. The crab cake was clearly not made in house and was not great. I think my expectations were a little high for this place considering the price of a plate and I might as well have gone to Longhorns (steaks at Longhorns are much better and cost much less). Anyways, like I said the people were great, but the food isn't...
4	Very nice place, I have to say.  Made reservation through Open Table for Thanksgiving Day.  They offered a Prix Fix dinner however my husband & I could not take part since it was not Atkins friendly.  We started the meal with the bacon appetizer and the beefsteak tomato & mozzerella salad.  Both were amazing!!  The tomato & mozzerella salad comes drizzled with a parsley olive oil which was lovely. Not drowned in it - but just a little drizzle.  The bacon - well - I'll be dreaming of it later, just sayin.  Then our bone in, dry aged, rib eyes arrived in all their glory accompanied by a shared side of creamed spinach.  OK - don't be down on THIS creamed spinach cause it was cooked spinach & slightly blended with a little cream & buuuuuuutter.  Soooooo good.  Our steaks cooked perrrrfect.  We ended our meal with a beautiful delicious cappuccino.  Bellissimo!!!!!  Service was good. They usually have valet on the weekends but during the week you can park in the lot directly in front of the restaurant and they will validate.  The piano player was playing lovely music and the ambiance reminds me of an old school New York steakhouse.  I do have to say that when I make reservations via Open Table - I have notes in in the reservation stating we strictly follow an Atkins diet and not to serve bread to our table. I think we were offered bread probably 4 times.  TORTURE ME WHY DON"T YOU!!!!  Most restaurants take the time to read their guest's reservations prior to their arrival as I have experienced in the past - and some don't.  The place had 4 tables with folks eating so it was NOT very busy.  Attention to details can make the difference.  The quality of the dry aged rib eyes was very good - not to be taken lightly.  Their cocktail menu was pretty tempting as well.  Definitely give this place a try - you can't be sad with a beautifully cooked steak as your meal.
4	We stopped in here for happy hour a little over a week ago before heading out to dinner at EVO.  Typical steakhouse atmosphere, nice, big bar and a friendly bartender!  I tried the French Martini and was very happy with my choice...this bartender knows how to mix a cocktail.  They brought us house made chips to snack on while we enjoyed our drinks too - nice touch!
1	I was a visitor in Scottsdale This last weekend and enjoyed most of what Scottsdale restaurants offer however when trying to reserve a restaurant there were limited non chain restaurants available in the 6:30-8:00 range, so low and behold every time was open at Ben and Jacks. Let's begin by walking in the door, the hostess was cordial and inviting, the manager on duty happily stayed at the bar with his phone in hand seemingly uninterested in the events of the evening. The hostess seated my group of 4 in the center of the dining room where it was so dark I couldn't see my plate, I asked to move and was accommodated. The dining room had 5 tables filled with nearly 15 open and this was Saturday evening at 7:30pm. The server was friendly but didn't seem to understand how the food was prepared when simple questions were asked. The food came out epically wrong. A steak house that saturates it's so called 28 day dry aged steak in sizzling butter like a fajita plate at Applebee's simply decimates the quality of the meat. My table asked for medium rare on an assortment of cuts and all came out charred and rare, nearly in edible. The appetizers for a special order came out wrong and the server questioned me when prompted about the mistake. There were 2 servers that came out throughout the meal and the synergy was unimpressive. The bill was average for a steakhouse however the overall bullet points that a fine dining experience should hit simply misfired. Extremely disappointed and would strongly suggest ANYONE to reconsider the blasphemous anecdote that chain restaurants suck to reconsider because You most likely enjoy everything about not going to Ben and Jacks. Ben and Jack if on premise should reconsider there sever positions back in Brooklyn and stay out of the drivers seat.
5	I'm a recent transplant to Scottsdale from Seattle. I've only been here a year, so I wouldn't call myself a "regular" anywhere. But I do seem to find myself at Ben & Jack's frequently, whether hanging out at the bar or dining with family or friends in the dining room.This evening, I overheard a conversation in the bar about the polarization of Yelp reviews: Yelpers either seem to love this place or hate it. Here's my take:1. Look at the numbers. Back home in Seattle, as in any "foodie" city I've visited, there are 200+ reviews of pretty much every place you can name. Here in Scottsdale, there are typically fewer than 50. Not a Yelper kind of town yet, I guess...2. Given the lack of reviews, I think it's wise to look carefully at each one. Do you notice any correlation between the reviewers' command of the language and the accompanying star rating? I did, too! Outside of Yelp, Ben & Jack's has enjoyed favorable reviews by food critics; here on Yelp, the positive reviews tend to be written by people who seem to know their stuff, as well.3. Ben & Jack's is a New York steakhouse. They aren't trying to do the "LA" thing, hiding non-prime beef with lots of spices and sauces. If that's what you want, there are plenty of places in town that will be happy to take your money.As for the restaurant itself, I can't say enough good things. The ambiance is similar to that of their 5th Avenue, Manhattan location: rich and well-appointed, but welcoming and not the least bit intimidating. I have always found the staff to be friendly, accommodating, and capable of guiding me through the menu and the wine list.But it is a restaurant, after all, so ambience and service are important, but, in the end, it's all about the food. And what a menu it is! While I haven't tried everything, I have sampled much. The steaks, regardless of cut, are without peer, at least in Scottsdale. Check with your favorite Phoenix steakhouse. Are they serving only dry aged, USDA Prime beef? I didn't think so. Ben & Jack's is, and my tastebuds are grateful!The seafood is terrific, too. Try the seafood platter or the crab cakes, and go from there. Ben & Jack's salad, comprised of shrimp, Canadian bacon, tomatoes, and onions, is not to be missed. Nor are the sides, especially the creamed spinach and the German potatoes.Do yourself a favor and try this place! If you love quality ingredients and classic steakhouse preparations, I know you'll share my enthusiasm for Ben & Jack's. In a world full of corporate  chains, it's good to know that old-school, family-owned steakhouses still set the standard. We're fortunate to have one of them right here in Old Town.
2	Not that great.  The build up by others was just to big for them to live up to I guess. The beef is dry aged with good potential, but they sear the meat.  It needs to be grilled on flame.  The sides choices are limited and tired.  Wine list was great though.  The staff seemed to be focused on their regulars vs other guests.  Bill was over $250 for 3 which in itself is not outrageous, but the overall experience was poor.  Too bad, as the locals really push this place.
5	My favorite high end Restaurant in Scottsdale, period. I have dined here well over 20 times and every experience I've had has been a wonderful one. From the friendly bartenders and waitstaff to the GM that always comes by and genuinely asks us about our experience. I really have no idea why there are negative reviews on here.They essentially copied everything Peter Luger does with their steaks in NYC-and trust me, that is a wonderful wonderful thing. Even the bar has an opulent NYC feel to it.The true reason to come here of course, is the food. This place-in my opinion-is perfect for two reasons: 1) You can drop a ton of money on a perfectly cooked steak on a sizzling hot plate to continue to cook to your liking. It's pre-cut in that Peter Luger style.Individually dry aged for 25-30 days, it is literally a tender "prime" piece of heaven. Is it one of the more expensive steaks in Scottsdale? Yes. It it worth every dollar? Yes.2) The best value in town- Filet Mignon bites. Do I have $100 to spend on a steak for two on a regular basis, that would definitely be a negative. Lucky for me, B&J has the perfect menu item to satisfy my taste buds and my wallet. For less than $14 you can get a heaping mound of dry aged prime filet mignon with 2 delicious sauces-it has to be over 3/4 a pound every time. It is cooked in the exact same remarkable style as the steak and is only available at the bar. It is literally the most tender and delicious filet I have ever had-and remarkably consistent. If you are ever thinking of going somewhere for a steak and you want to spend less than $20 on your food- give this place a try and eat like a king. I'm telling you, try it once and you won't regret it. Word to the wise, drinks here are a little pricey so give it a try during happy hour (the home made potato chips you get as a pre-meal snack are simple and mouthwatering)...One more thing, part of the reason I like coming in here is the experience I receive from the staff. It's nice to know i can go into a very fancy steakhouse with my wife and spend a whopping $30 and be treated the exact same as the customer spending $300. The service, experience, welcoming atmosphere and meat that has me daydreaming for 4:15 to arrive will have me coming back over and over again.
4	Very nice meal. GREAT service. One of the better (not best - but still...) steaks I've had. Unusual in that they had a 16oz. filet. Cooked perfectly - which seems to be lost art these days - and the sides were excellent. The bacon mac & cheese is highly recommended. unfortunately one of our party took ill from dehydration and got VERY "sick". We had to call the EMT's. The staff was very professional and helpful through the whole ordeal. I'll bet dessert is excellent...but I might never know. A nice relatively hidden gem. I would go back again in a heartbeat. And don't take the 4 star rating lightly. I've only really given 2 places I've eaten a 5 star and/or equivalent: Antoine's in New Orleans and BOA in Vegas.
5	I had an excellent experience at Ben and Jacks and I thinks its a "best kept secret" here in Old Town Scottsdale.  Excellent win list and service was spectacular!  The portions and price point is much better than other local Steakhouses...all in all a great time!
5	Ben & Jack's in Scottsdale gets it. They know what it takes, how hard they have to work, to be as good as they are. They are indelibly good in all the things that matter: food, drink, staff, service. Paul the bartender's icy concoction "The Caputini" is  stunning before or apres dinner. If there's room, the old fashioned sundae makes for delicious and romantic sharing.  My husband's Chicago style steak was perfectly charred, tender and flavorful.  When he declared it the best steak he's had, it was as if doors opened and members from the kitchen and management descended to share their craft and history of how Ben & Jack's came about.  A memorable evening with a masterful Antonio as our server and orchestrator of every delightful choice.
5	Whoever panned them on the last review is either a phony or was there for dinner at 4:00 PM.  Maybe he's a fan of Seinfeld's parents.From being met outside by the manager, Danny to the drop-dead gorgeous hostess, everything was perfect.  Our waiter, Patrick, who we have known for 17 years, knew exactly which wine to suggest and tailored our dinners to our exact tastes.  For those on a budget, they had the Restaurant Week menu available tonight along with a $49.95 menu that included just about everything.  We got there at 6:45 and didn't leave until 10:30 and enjoyed every minute of it.  Definitely our favorite steak house in Scottsdale.  Food and service beyond reproach.  Great attention from the managers and all the staff combined with the kind of steaks I remember from Peter Luger's in Brooklyn.  This is a don't miss restaurant in Scottsdale.Take it from an ex-NY cop, it doesn't get any better than this.JK
4	We attended a business dinner there last week and all 6 of us enjoyed our meal and service.  it is one of the better steak places in Scottsdale.  Definitely not the same old thing for the area.
3	I came with my dad because I met the chef and the manager at a culinary festival. Never heard of the place before, walked in the atmosphere was very nice and same with the hostess. She was very adorable and probably the nicest person in the place besides the chef. We thoughth the lobster was a little over cooked but over all everything was pretty tasty.
5	Once again a terrific lunch!  Went for birthday with four friends and everything was delicious.  Our waiter, Erik, went out of his way to make sure we were taken care of, bringing out an extra dessert, taking our pictures, asking what we needed but not being too pushy....excellent service.  As far as I am concerned this place is tops...in food, ambiance, and service!  Will return as always....keep it up!
