4	First time I had to get a hotel since I moved out of Phoenix. Staff was nice and let me get away with a late check out. Complementary breakfast was below par, the rooms were decent, and the price was competitive. Overall it was a very middle of the road hotel but I uprated one star due to its close proximity to Four Peaks Brewery.
5	The best place to stay in Tempe. I've been coming here for the last 5 years to visit my kids who attend ASU. As a repeat offender of visiting the area they treat you right and they are very loyal. Good price and located within walking distance of the college
1	H O R R I B L E !!!!!Want a good "quality" hotel? Don't go to this one. It's the worst hotel I had ever stayed at. The service is awful; from the main desk to house keeping, there was 0% percent of effort and care for the customers and the hotel itself. There was a short supply of everything at the hotel, especially towels! Customer courtesy? None. Rude and snobby front desk manager and the rest of the staff didn't care about the privacy of the customers and sanitary needs of the room. Also, the smell of vomit was VERY present and air conditioner system of the hotel was broken. House keeping was difficult to communicate with, hence the lasting vomit smells. The manager didn't do ANYTHING about it either. The breakfast is terrible as well (risk of salmonella) and the food is not fresh. Please save yourself from a nightmare of atrocities, do NOT stay at Quality Inn.
1	Deplorable. I was with a group and check-in is always at 3 pm. We arrived at 4 pm and only 2 of the rooms were available. I was required to sign a release for each room, requiring none of the group members would smoke. When I arrived at my room, I guarantee not only had someone been smoking in there, but someone had been smoking a cigar. Putrid. I was also blessed with having the room directly above the first floor restroom, which apparently does not have an ample ventilation system, so my room smelled like a cesspool the entire weekend. So, if you don't mind smelling like a cesspool for the weekend, I guess this is the place to be. Oh yeah, and they decided it wasn't necessary to clean the pool, either. There was garbage floating in the bottom and true pond scum floating there. Not very pleasant.
