1	At first, I didn't think this Panda Express (in PH's Miracle Mile Shops) even warranted a review, but I am still so dissatisfied that I need to write this.I went to Vegas this past weekend, and I know what you're thinking, "Why would you waste precious stomach real estate on something like Panda Express when there are tons of delicious buffets around?!" The answer is, " I DONT KNOW T___T" Actually it was because my friends and I had to grab something quick and leave before traffic got too bad (which it did anyway).First, the prices are already a little higher than they are in LA. For what I paid, I could have gotten a sandwich from Earl's and it would have actually made me happy. Second, their food sucks. I actually do like Panda from time to time, but their chow mein was bland, kung pao chicken bland and not even spicy, fried rice tasted like nothing!! (I rather eat dirt!), and the orange chicken was ok. Seriously, I love eating, but this meal brought me no joy and no marginal utility (I'm an econ major). Third, the workers are so monotonous and mediocre. No smiles. Just pack in your food, ask for your money, and send you on your way. Vegas is not the place to waste time and money on Panda Express.I have heard that it's an insult to ask for soy sauce because it implies that the cooking/seasoning is not up to your standard. I put in some soy sauce, and at least it tasted like something (just salty, but still). UGH I don't think I've been so dissatisfied by a meal in so long.
5	very generous on the samples.
4	Was walking outside planet Hollywood and found this Panda. Ordered the single bowl you get a menu item and a side order for a total of seven dollars.  A family meal can be ordered for $9 for three items. This is cost effective fast food. They let you taste the food before you purchase.The size of this restaurant is small but service is same excellent service and food tastes great.I enjoyed my meal.
4	I know I know.  It's like a sin for me to have Panda Express because I'm Asian.  But, in the city of sin, it's okay to commit sins, right?  At least that was my logic (although I also eat Panda Express outside of the city of sin, but that is not the point!)I was looking for some comfort food and was craving white rice, fried rice, or chow mein.  We walked in and I was a little bit giddy.  I always order the Chicken and String Bean, so I got that and my friend picked the Pepper Chicken.  We shared one of those two entree dealios with half chow mein and half fried rice.The lady at the cash register was a little bit rude.  I asked if I could have an extra plate for us to split the meal and she looked at me like I was crazy.  We didn't get any napkins, so I asked her if I could have some.  As she's staring at the register, she waves me off and says "behind you."  Okay lady.I sat down, smelled the food, and smiled.  I only had a banana and some tater tots for breakfast/brunch and it was about 2:30PM, so I was starving!  I took a bite of the chicken and string bean and it totally hit the spot.  I pretty much devoured my half of the food, and sat there rubbing my little food belly.We had a bunch of different tasks to get done for the Bachelorette Party/Bridal Shower, so a quick and yummy meal was perfect.Just an FYI, this is inside the Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino in the Miracle Mile Shops area.
5	Typical mall restaurant that you can find almost everywhere! The smell of the food and the price will draw you in and help curve those hangovers then spending lotsa money at the buffet. When I come here I always order the broccoli and beef with fried rice. Mmmmm Soup and salad are not enticing like a higher rated Chinese restaurant but hey it gets the job done and the staff here are super friendly and give samples if you ask.
3	Your standard Panda Express but a great value for eating at on the strip while at the Miracle Mile Shops. I recommend getting the kids meal if you're just looking for a quick bite to eat. Comes with a starch, a side, a drink, and a cookie for about $5. Can't beat that!
5	I had the SweetFire Chicken Breast entree at this location, and it was very tasty. This is located inside the Miracle Mile Mall, and we were able to get a seat right in front of the "thunderstorm" show. The prices here seemed reasonable. Enjoy!
4	Where does all night/morning partying and drinking on an empty stomach get you? I'll tell you. It gets you up and ready to do it again the next day. Panda Express satisfied my craving for chow mein & garlic shrimp & honey walnut shrimp twice a day for the time I was in Vegas. SOOOO yummy and fueled my system so that I could drink more alcohol.
3	I've been to this location a couple of times after staying at Planet Hollywood (now Elara).Let's be honest..... sometimes greasy Chinese food is good after a night of heavy drinking! We made a stop to this Panda Express location since it is located inside the Miracle Mile Shopping Mall, and our suite is located upstairs in Elara! This Panda Express can get pretty busy considering it's popular and busy location!FOOD-------------------------- Chow Mein - Good!- Fried Rice - They actually use brown rice for their fried rice now. Not a fan...- Beef Brocolli - good!- Orange Chicken - Good!SERVICE------------------------I was surprised at how slow they were this time around. A lot of their foods weren't prepared so we had to wait longer than usual!3/5!
4	4 stars for being the only fast food fast food place in Vegas.We were in a rush to get to the Cosmo Outdoor show for the Yeah Yeah Yeahs. Everything we walked by were either sit down restaurants or long lined fast food places. This was the only fast food fast food place we were able to find.Prices were high though but I guess regular considering it's Vegas.
1	The best thing about this place is its location inside the enclosed mall.  While eating my crappy lunch -- I'll get to that in a moment -- I was sitting in their 'cafe'.  The ceiling of the mall has a sky motif; suddenly I heard thunder, the sky turned a bit dark (remember, this is inside the mall) and it started to rain. Drops of water fell from the ceiling into a pool below.  It truly simulated a spring shower.Cool.  But I came for the food.  And that was awful.I ordered beef with broccoli.  To quote Clara Peller -- remember her? -- "where's the beef?"  I got over-priced broccoli, with a side of tasteless over-cooked noodles.Unfortunately, some restauranteurs in touristy areas, don't care about client retention since their customer-base is transient. I hope reviews like this, spark the owners to upgrade their standards.  I for one, won't be back.
5	Maybe it's because we don't have any in my hometown, but I simply CANNOT resist eating at a Panda Express whenever I see one. The quality of meat and the flavor outperforms all your run of mill Chinese restaurants and definitely the MSG-fest buffets. I like to refer to Panda Express and "fast food PF Changs". Love it, need one at home!
2	Food was good but the person that served us the food was horrible.. Manuela.. I don't know why she gave us this kind of rude service.. It was a good location, price was pretty steep but the food is good.. But the service was bad.. We felt rushed out of there as well and it wasn't busy at all..
3	The food court offers a great selection for a casino. Panda Express and Orange Chicken is always a favorite. The food was as fresh and hot. Not crazy about an $11.00 lunch but it is Vegas.
2	BLAHHHHH....looked way better then it tasted.... under cooked noodles, over cooked meats.....no thanks...wont b coming back....
