5	Delicious Sushi! Very big, fresh, tasty, flavorful specialty rolls that you would expect in a high end sushi restaurant for about $5-8 a box and boy are they huge! The two older Japanese Gentlemen who run it are very polite and often times humorous if you catch it, very cool folks. I don't want to say this is the best Cheap Sushi I've ever had, more like it's the best Sushi I've ever had period, and I've had a lot all over the country...
2	Very cheap quick lunch.  The sushi is about par with grocery store sushi.  It is mostly surimi salads and surimi sticks, and is a little bit on the dry side. It's nice to have an alternative to the usual food court fare, so it isn't a bad option, just a different option.
5	I rarely write review before. But now I want to do it to share with others my experiences. I never thought food court food ever taste good. But I found this #1 Sushi is very good, prices and qualities. Not only their sushi is good but they have other plates so good too! I really like this place. Thanks to my son told me about this place. Next time my daughter and her sweetheart come to Phoenix to visit I will bring them here. They love sushi.
1	Was craving good authentic Chinese food, while I was shopping at metro center mall So I decided to try #1 Sushi, the service was wonderful very fast service, their prices are wonderfully affordable and their portions are huge. I mean $.75 cents for a full side order of noodles you can't beat that I said! Well then I finally got to sit to enjoy my meal and wow the chicken is so bland, flavorless and the wonderful deal with the noodles not so wonderfully at all they just taste like boiled pasta. So I drenched the pasta and the chicken with sauce and Siracha in hopes that it would add flavor yeah no, my mouth is on fire and it still tastes bland. The only good thing was the rice, yeah the rice cause I mean there is so much science in making white rice, right! Since I'm not for putting my mouth on fire again I won't eat there again.
4	Mall sushi!! Arrrggghh! You would think it was certain death. Not at  #1. It is not a Scottsdale sushi place, but prices are good and the fish is fresh. I have eaten here approx 5- 6 times (times were approx 1 month ago to 3months ago). The sushi is still very good.  I am not sure what the person that said there were only two options of sushi was referring to. They have Nigiri, Sashimi and rolls.  There are other options, but I do not remember them. They also do hot dishes like, Chicken Teryaki and others. The fish seems fresh and portions are very generous.  The owner (?) and cooks/ preparers are all very friendly.And the people watching in Metro Center is second to none!I have been to other, so called  'better' places that charged more and did not give the quality that #1 does. Note: I am going Wednesday and will update.
5	Fast friendly service & excellent Sushi, Tempura, rice & noodles - a lot of healthy options and generous portions at incredibly low prices, especially for Sushi, & located at a Mall food court - I never would have expected!  They sushi is as fresh as any around phoenix and  you get so much for so little $ it's an incredible deal.. There's tons of other fried things, really a very extensive menu. The owner is so friendly & after a couple visits he remembers you, what you like, he even remembered my son's name! The food is so good, and inexpensive, we go to the mall just to pick up a healthier alternative for dinner - who would have guessed? Oh & SO  inexpensive, you can request specialty rolls for  about $6 & if you are in a hurry, or get some grab and go boxes of tuna or rainbow roll, or pick up a "california roll" for only $2.50 for example! The prces really are incredible, and there are so many things to choose from it's fun to try new stuff, but I still get my faves, gresh Tuna Nigiri and a special order just for me. Someone said their noodles were bland, & not sure what they expected but I prefer rice anyway, & their fried rice is real nice! The quality of sushi is on par with any in Phoenix, at least on the west side, and at half the price!
5	I eat here nearly every day for a reason.  Kam (the owner) is one of the nicest guys you will ever meet,  and he seems to serve food, not to make a profit, but to feed the society that surrounds him.  People are complaining about the chicken being bland, which Imo it's not, you paid $1.88 for the meal!  You couldn't buy bread for that price. Also their 2 for $5 California roles are awesome. It makes a college student like me be able to afford the finer things.  Noones comments are complaining about #1 sushi's more expensive rolls. Nope, they paid 3 bucks for their whole meal and expected food fit for a king.  Also the 1.88 chicken bowl is healthy.
