5	Dr. Hangalay is the most professional dentist I've met here in Phoenix (and I've been to 3!). She really knows how to communicate with the patient! Her no-pain procedures are amazing. She is a wonderful professional and I will not be going anywhere else for dental work.
5	Groupon had a great deal for tooth whitening at Serene Dental that I had to try. I've always been curious about proffesional tooth whitening. When I called to set up my appointment, I was asked when the last time I'd had my teeth cleaned. It has been several years so they recommended I get my teeth cleaned first. I arrived at my appointment and the office was really calm and beautiful and smelled great. Included in my teeth cleaning fee were 4 x-rays. Then Dr. Hangalay came in to clean my teeth. She was proffesional and had great bed side manner. She communicated with me the whole time. She found several small cavities in my teeth and let me know that they have a dental plan that might be able to cut the price on the service, The cleaning took about a half hour. Then Courtney came in to do my teeth whitening. She put some glasses on me and this weird mouth guard thingy that kept my mouth open. Then she applied some kind of gel to my teeth and used a laser light thingy on them., Then she applied some other kind of gel or liquid with a small dropper. That had to sit on my teeth for 20 minutes for each coat. Dr. Hangalay over saw this application and applied the second and third coat herself. The whitening took about a hour. One of my teeth became really sensitive after the tooth whitening, it was soo painful. I am lucky that none of my other teeth felt that way. I am happy with the result, my teeth are noticeably whiter. I will be returning to Serene dental to get my cavities filled and also for future cleanings and treatments.
5	This dental office is so bright and inviting to begin with, and the staff is always great. They are very personable on all levels. I started there when Mona worked the front desk, and she was great, and every lady since has also been so friendly and helpful. Courtney, the dental assistant, does a great job at what she does, and I really like Dr. Hangalay. She is friendly, professional, and a hard worker. She is honest, and I never feel like anyone is trying to rip me off or make me get things I don't need or charging too much. My insurance benefits are always checked prior to service and they are very upfront, to make sure that the work will be in my price range. One time I had to make an appt while Dr. Hangalay was on vacation, and she had another dentist in her place. He was nice, but the work he did hurt a lot! I guess that's dental work for ya...more than anything, it made me realize how good of a job that Dr. H does, because I'm never really in pain, and I know what to expect at every moment. Definitely would recommend this place to others!! (This coming from someone who needed a Lot of work!!)Thanks all!!
5	I'm new to the Phoenix area and checked out Yelp and very glad I did. Had a dental emergency and Dr. Hangalay and her staff were very kind, courteous and professional.  Would highly recommend Dr. H to anyone looking for a great dentist.
1	DO NOT go to these guys. Completely unprofessional, they quoted me one cost and when it came time to do the procedure, they said it would be a $1000 more...now I  have to start all over looking for someone. They really screwed me and I would never work with them, BEWARE!! Griselda at the front desk did all of this and was rude about it to top it all off. I would go elsewhere....
5	BEST DENTIST VISIT I HAVE EVER HAD !!!  I left a routine cleaning and whitening session with results like I had never seen before. My teeth were spotless and whiter and brighter than ever. After just one visit, I am sold. I can't speak highly enough about my experience at Serene Dental. I created this Yelp account because my experience was so overwhelmingly positive that I feel Dr. Hangalay's office deserves more feedback on this website. It's common knowledge that good dentists can be hard to find these days as mediocrity, lack of integrity, and/or carelessness seem to be closer to the norm. My experience at this office was refreshing.Scheduling of appointment: Effortless. I requested an appointment on short notice (dental insurance was expiring soon) and they were able to squeeze me in. Office location: Serene Dental is well located in Central Phoenix not far from the Biltmore/Town and Country Shopping Center. Centrally located in the valley. Office Appearance/Lobby: Spacious lobby/front desk, complimentary bottled water.  Upscale and clean office. But if you need a fish tank in the lobby (lol) go elsewhere. Staff: Ok, now we're getting somewhere. This is where Serene Dental shines. Griselda the front desk employee was friendly and thorough about the insurance/billing. There was some uncertainty on whether my insurance would cover the initial x-ray exam so they decided to provide the x-rays at no charge. Very nice courtesy that left a good impression on me. The other staff member I dealt with, Courtney, was also pleasant. You know I almost never remember the names of the support staff/hygienists at offices I visit... so that probably says something right there. Or maybe because I was at Dr. Hangalay's office for nearly 3 hours total hmmm. But it wasn't spent waiting in the lobby, it was the x-rays, thorough cleaning, various questions answered, and the hour-long teeth whitening session.  I'd also disregard the sole negative review below. Griselda was nothing but nice and professional. I suspect this was a case of a discrepancy between the amount the insurance company was believed to cover versus what they actually covered. If that the case, it's not fair to blame that on Dr. Hangalay's office. Dental insurance is a headache and unless something is pre-authorized it can be difficult to know how much is covered for larger procedures. It's dependent on the insurance company. Anyways, the staff here is great!Dentist herself: Friendly and thorough. No up-sell. I inquired about perhaps getting more work done at her office and she said "you don't need it".  I asked again about something else and she again replies "you don't need it". Very honest and seems to have her patients best interests in mind... which is sadly something not so evident with many dentists here in the good ole' USA. I am always skeptical about new dentists, but Serene Dental put me at ease instantly. I felt like I was in good hands the entire time and could tell the cleaning was very thorough. Also I'd like to note, Dr. Hangalay does most of the cleaning herself. I've been to a few other offices where the hygienist does all the work and the dentist comes in and looks around my mouth for 30 seconds to 1 minute and says "your teeth look good" and then leaves. It's like why am I even seeing a dentist? Serene Dental does not operate like this. I've also ran into Dr. Hangalay a couple times in Central Phoenix and she's just as friendly outside the office. Teeth whitening: This was so good, I needed to touch on it. If you visit her office, consider getting the Venus Teeth Whitening.  I never had teeth whitening done (Crest white-strips don't count) and am so glad I did. They had a special discount price on the Venus Whitening and I took advantage of it. As soon as I left her office, my teeth were noticeably whiter and here about 3 weeks later they still look great. I was told the results should last many months. The whitening takes about an hour but is totally worth it. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this. Not sure what the regular price is, but if they are running a discount it's a no-brainer. Even at regular price it's probably a sound investment. As I said, the results were drastic for me. Conclusion: If you are in need of a dentist in Phoenix, look no further than Serene Dental. Or at least give this place a shot and hopefully your experience will mirror mine. As long as I'm a Phoenix resident, Serene Dental will be my spot for any dental work.
5	Been here a few times already and each visit has been pleasant.  And from someone that hates going to the dentist, that's saying a lot.  Dr. Hangalay is the best.  She is very professional, but also very friendly and down to earth, which is why I recommend her.  Her staff is also amazing, and make my visits very comfortable.  Thank you so much Serene Dental.  I appreciate it..
5	I had a bad tooth ache today and I have a major fear of the dentist.  I found Serene on Yelp and the name alone made me hope for a serene experience.  When I called the  greeting I got was so friendly and they were able to get me in right away.  The office was easy to find and there was plenty of parking.  The office was modern, clean,  and relaxing.  Dr. Hangalay was Awesome!  She explained to me everything I needed to know as to why I was in pain. She gave me useful tips and a plan of action all while working around my fear of the dentist. I look forward to going back!
5	Super friendly and orgaized! Great staff who are very accomodating.
5	Amazing! I was new to the Phoenix area and needed to find a new dentist. I went to them based off of their location and ratings on yelp and can say I am glad I did! Amazing customer service, friendly staff, and they do not try to nickel and dime you.
