5	I love, love, love this place!  I randomly found this bakery online while searching for a bakery to make gluten free wedding cakes in Arizona.  I called them up and they were the most accommodating and helpful people ever.  They took on the challenge of making my gf wedding cake even though they had never attempted to make a wedding cake before and they made the best gf cake I've had.  The guests at my wedding were clamoring for my cake even though we had a regular one for everyone else!  When my husband and I visited GF Creations they had a tiny 3 table bistro just off to the side of the bakery.  I'm not sure if they still have it, but it was cute and we were able to sit down and eat.  I had a burger on a gf hamburger bun and my husband had a gf reuben.  Very tasty.  I would also highly recommend picking up a pie if they happen to have any when you visit.  I tried their cherry pie and it was awesome.  Overall I think this place is a dream come true for any gluten free person out there (they also cater to other allergies as well).  If you ever find yourself in Phoenix you must check it out.  You will not be disappointed.
5	Gluten Free Creations is amazing. It's a bakery that makes an enormous amount of gluten free pastries, breads, doughs, buns, etc. If you are allergic or intolerant to gluten, do yourself the favor and check them out. The gluten free bread at Sprouts supermarkets in AZ is supplied by Gluten Free Creations, which is very good. Also, the gluten free pizza dough for Picazzo's restaurants comes from this bakery. Most importantly, GF Creations sells gluten free breadcrumbs for turkey stuffing!!!!!! Make sure to get your order in early as I'm sure they're super busy around Thanksgiving and Christmas. Two years ago was my fiance's first Thanksgiving being gluten free and we figured he'd be royally screwed in the stuffing department. Lo and behold, Gluten Free Creations came to the rescue! They sell breadcrumbs just for the occasion! The stuffing came out so good that no one eating it (including wheat eaters) could tell it was gluten free! It's tucked away and can be hard to find. The front makes it look like a small operation but it's anything but tiny. Unfortunately most of the pastries have eggs or dairy in them so if you have multiple allergies, make sure you look at all the ingredients. Their hamburger buns aren't all that great, kind of like 2 lb. hockey pucks if ya know what I mean but I wouldn't hold that against them. Everything else has been amazing. The staff is very helpful and you just can't go wrong if you have a gluten allergy or intolerance.
5	Wow... just wow.  This place is heaven for non-gluten eaters.  Up until about 30mins ago I was getting a little depressed over this whole cupcake craze.  Not anymore, I just ate one of the best cupcakes I have ever had and it was gluten-free and dairy-free!They have everything here:  cupcakes, cookies, pizza dough (they supply the gf dough to all the pizza joints in town that do gf pizza), pasta, hamburger buns, rolls, twinkies, cakes, pies, thanksgiving stuffing, bread crumbs to make your own stuffing, bagels, white bread, baguettes, I mean everything!  Oh, and it all tastes amazing.The location is a little hard to find the first time being behind a barber shop and, like all gluten-free products, is not very cheap, but if you avoid gluten and dairy, this place is a god send.  They are very knowledgeable about their products, make everything in house, and have their products listed by allergen.... so if you don't eat dairy, eggs, or nuts, or any combination, they have it all under an easy list.  They can also special make anything for you... birthday cakes, whatever.
5	i have two words for you: herb baguette. I'm not a bread lover but this baguette doesn't need anything to taste good. Forget butter and don't bother dipping in olive oil. How is it possible that bread be so moist, dense, airy and flavorful all at the same time? I have no freakin' idea and that's why I have to buy from Gluten Free Creations, because there's no way I could replicate that. Okay okay I have no qualms with gluten. I don't really care what it is because it doesn't seem to affect me negatively, but why should only the celiac kids get the good stuff? And yes, I have tried to find this place twice before and failed (are gluten eaters stupid-er? possibly) but third times a charm when I stopped in this week. I'll admit it, I was looking for a cupcake. I think we all know about my cupcake addiction. GFC sells cupcakes in a 4-pack, which I can't support because that means I have to eat 4 cupcakes and I'm already killing myself at the gym for my one-at-a-time habit. But seriously, they had gluten free banana cupcakes! I was so sad they didn't have a spare to sell me...so sad I bought the mini herb baguettes and a brownie. The brownie was a two-person affair, a big frozen delight filled with thick chunks of chocolate. I couldn't tell the difference between it and a gluten-full brownie and that made me very happy. I think it may be time to start the "what makes a good brownie" debate; I feel like it will be a volatile one. I like them chewy with chunky bits. But the fluffy ones are nice too.  Truly though, the hero of the day was the herb baguette, which is a little smaller than a 6-inch sub, takes a long time to toast, but is worth the wait. I topped one of mine with farmer's cheese, roasted garlic and roasted red peppers. And I sat at the table crying because I knew each bite I took meant there was one less to take in the future. I love you Gluten Free Creations. I'm feeling smarter already.
5	Recently I gots the allergic to wheats and the soy (teh suck!)Last week was my birthday and Michelle, my wife, bought a cake (and some other nifty creations) from these guys. I have had so many different "attempts" at gluten free stuff over the last couple years and let me tell you, most of it all tastes like CRAP!NOT THESE GUYS!!!I was so relieved biting into my chocolate cake, doughnuts, and bagels. Oh my gosh! It tastes good and pretty darn close to the original. I can't tell you how amazing it has been to have "good" baked goods again. Big props to GFC Bakery. I love you guys and I'll be back OFTEN!
5	It's the only place in town for everything gluten-free, and it's good. It's so good, thankfully I'm starting to find their products in other stores like Granola's on Shea near 70th. They have more of the bakery's stuff than say Whole Foods which has had their bread for awhile. Get the chocolate doughnut. Get it.
5	This place is not easy to find, as Erin and Julie have noted. It shares the same commercial lot with a barber shop and a Midas, and is hidden in the area behind the barber shop (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/F6rZDgYtqfjs9sQC6bv81w?select=KMbAAeCHFwhNwGFcIhc2NA). No wonder a banner over the store's door proclaims, "Congratulations, you found us!" (http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/HXAvT8Xse-4WmBZsS-Mjtg/l). The store space itself is small, and the products are quite pricey. Why the 5 stars then? Because they sell really good stuff! And it's understandable that gluten-free baked goods would be more expensive, because the necessary flours needed for such creations are more expensive than wheat flour and are not as readily available. Also, working with these alternative flours poses a challenge; my experience is that most gluten-free baked goods tend to be dry, overly dense, and tasteless. But the folks at GF Creations have managed to make baked goods that are moist, tasty, and with good texture. I enjoy their breads and muffins a lot, and I like their bagels better than regular wheat-flour bagels! Glad to know that we who try to be on a gluten-free regimen have this great source for yummy baked goods. It definitely is worth the effort trying to find this tricky-to-locate store.
3	The Gluten Free Bakery has inspired the mothers' day gift basket I'm making for my step-mom this year. I just returned from a quick lunch hour visit and stocked up on English muffins, everything bagels and snicker-doodles. Each of these items is frozen so I don't have to worry about them spoiling by Sunday -- so long as I keep them in the freezer. Total cost so far: $23. Thanks to Yelp and Kym C. (http://www.yelp.com/topic/phoenix-gluten-free) I'll be grabbing some finishing touches to round out the basket at Sprouts 25% off sale. Put it all together in a pretty basket with fliers from Gluten Free Creations that list restaurants that use their product (possibly a gift certificate to one of them) and retail outlets to purchase more - I think my step-mom will be really happy with her gift!! Can't wait to give it to her on Sunday!!
5	This weekend my roommates told me they were making hamburgers for dinner, not just regular hamburgers, but Habanero, Jalapeno, Serano hamburgers.  EFF YEAH!  anywho, I'm gluten sensitive so I most times have to forgo the bread on a good burger, but no more! As I was looking up places to find gluten free breads as I was extra lazy and didn't want to bake my own, I stumbled upon Gluten Free Creations through Google.  Only 15 minutes away, I figured I'd give it a shot.   I saddled up and headed into town.If you're going there your first time, you'll probably miss it.  I did and had to circle back around and pull into the Midas repairshop that does a good job or hiding the bakery (it's right behind the garage).  The staff was very friendly and helped me get exactly what I came for.  I also picked up a loaf of cheese bread that i've managed to eat about a fourth of the loaf today.The thing I love most about these GF creations is that they aren't super heavy like most store bought tapioca rice breads.  The hamburger buns, although looking like oversized bisquits, were actually very moist and flavorful, not like a 2 pound hockey puck as they were previously described.I'm almost afraid to try the donuts and cakes because I fear they'll become a habit!I'm also looking forward to the GFC store opening soon on Miller and McDowell in Scottsdale!  yay!!!!
5	GFC is absolutely a heaven sent treat from above!For those of us with gluten intolerance, it is incredibly difficult to find bread, bagels, pizza dough, pastries, etc that do not have the fateful binding agent, but wonderful places like GFC save the day!They are located behind an auto oil changing shop (I think Midas) at 30th street and Thomas. They close at 5pm during the week, but if you call them and let them know you are on the way, they will wait around for you! Nice service!I'm vegan so I am limited with all the items I can try, but I can tell you the vegan gluten free chocolate chip cookies are amazing AND loved by regular eaters. I don't think Brad E could get enough!This time around I also discovered they have veggie burgers in buns! You can throw them in the microwave, but I put mine on the grill twice; both the buns and the patty. DELICIOUS!I love the onion bagels, especially with some vegan cream cheese! I also really enjoy the herb baguettes.Really cool news is that they just purchases Lulu's Cupcakes, so they will be opening in about a week (McDowell and Miller) with a small deli where they make sandwiches and they will have a retail area where you can get products from the bakery!Really really amazing place that I am incredibly thankful for!Oh, and if you live by Luci's (16th St and Bethany) they carry GFC items there too!
2	I was recently in Phoenix for the day and stopped at the bakery (the cafe location FKA Lulu's Cupcakes) for lunch and to get some baked goodies to take home. I'd heard a lot about this restaurant (there aren't a ton of choices for us Celiacs) and couldn't wait to try it. However, my first impression wasn't great. The cafe is in a hard-to-locate dingy shopping center. Interior of the place isn't much better. Its clean, but atmosphere-free. Although they have seating and advertise themselves as a lunch spot, the clearly don't expect people to eat there - the bathroom is used partially as storage, and the only beverages available are a small selection of canned sodas and bottled water.And the food was...ok. My Reuben sandwich was tasty and on a very nice mock-rye bread, one of the better gluten-free breads I've had. But it was small (smaller than a normal sandwich I'd make for myself at home) and extremely expensive (a $9 sandwich? Really?) I also sampled the cheesecake while I was there. It was fairly tasty, but reminded me of those frozen Sarah Lee cheesecake you can buy at the grocery store; I'd accept a piece if it was offered to me again, but certainly wouldn't search it out. I also took a chocolate muffin and a chocolate "whoopie pie" home with me. Those treats again were ok, but nothing to write home about. They had an identical texture (muffins and cakes should feel different from each other) and left me with the chemical aftertaste so common to gluten-free foods. Since I can make brownies from a mix that taste better, I won't be buying any of those desserts again.I won't be going back - I can make better treats at home, and the gluten-free faire in my home town (Tucson) puts this place to shame.
5	Amazing! Everything is SO good and they have let me in when they weren't open so I could get my pumpkin cream cheese muffin fix!
5	One of my favourite places to go is Gluten Free Bakery Creations when I need an emotional fix or some comfort food. Today was no exception. I was in need of some maternal nuturance and doughnuts is the food of choice to satiate the desires. Of course a gluten free doughnut is no substitute for a hug, however my family is too far away and this is a quicker route. The bakery is not the easiest place to find, in fact I usually pass it and it is on the way back that I find it. Look for a yellow building tucked behind Midas Muffler and the blue Mid-city Barber Shop. The front is not inviting, but once you open the door the wonderful smells mesmerize and put you into a complete trance.  There are a couple of freezers full of delectable tasty delights ranging from breads, bagels to cookies, pies cakes and mmmmmmmmm doughnuts! My favourites are the vanilla with white frosting and sprinkles. The down side is they are always frozen, the upside; I live in Arizona, a couple of minutes in my car and they are ready to be eaten! There is also a fresh made-that-day section, if you want that you need to go early as it sells out fast. They are open Mon-Fri 9-5I gathered up my favourites, the doughnuts, the Everything Bagels and what's this? It can't be! Beef Pot Pie? I grew up eating pot pie and would case the grocery isles frequently putting my intentions out to the Universe for someone to come up with a gluten free piece of heaven and there it was! My prayers have been answered. I got up this morning in excitement with Pot Pie on my mind. Two choices are to microwave (not!) or pop it into the oven at 350F for 30 minutes. When the timer went off I was over come with excitement and yet a little fearful it would not live up to my childhood expectations. I carefully took a piece of the crust and it was like I was transformed back to my childhood listening to my father's Scottish rogues of child hood adventures. Wait is this gluten free? How can this be? The crust is so flaky and smooth that it almost melts in your mouth. I did not know it was possible to create a flaky pastry out of gluten free grains. As my fork pierced into the middle there was a burst of beef, potatoes, peas and carrots. It was all so perfect. I would have liked to have seen a little bit more beef, but that is the hunter-gatherer ancestry blood talking. I would love to see a larger version of this delight, and I am sure I could have one made to order. Over all it was worth the purchase and I will go back and get more. Whether you are gluten free or need to accommodate a guest Glutenfreecreations.com is the place to go. They have an extensive list of creations, and they will also accommodate any dietary restrictions as well. They are a certified dedicated gluten free facility, meaning they only deal with gluten free grains, which means you can trust there will never be an issue with cross contamination. If you go here, please drop me a line and let me know what you think..especially if you have the doughnuts or pot pie! Oh and by the way, if you are craving pie, stems from an urban-hermit, feeling lonely. Well Thanksgiving is around the corner, and I did go for doughnuts too right?
5	Atmosphere is warehouse, but the food wins the stars. You take it all home or eat it in the car on the way home. Prices are really good for fresh gluten free food. We think it is actually better than Mariposa in Oakland, CA. That says a lot.Thanks GFC for the great quality.
5	THE BEST CAKE EVER!!!I had my wedding cake made at GFC, because I am allergic to wheat and milk.  The cake was beautiful and the best tasting frosting I've ever had.  I have been craving that cake ever since!
4	*Please note that this location does NOT serve food in spite of the pictures of delectable sandwiches!!! To enjoy prepared food, please see their other location at: 7607 E Mcdowell Rd # 108, Scottsdale - (480) 990-2253. Their kitchen hours are: Tues-Fri 10am-4pm and Sat 10am-2pm. As other reviewers mentioned, this location is a little hard to find. It is located behind the Midas shop in a bright yellow building. Very limited space when you first walk in. They are very helpful when pointing out vegan items!
5	LOVE this place!! They have the BEST bread period, ever. It's called Wunderful Bread, they're chocolate chip  cookies are amazing too
5	This place has been a God-send for me. Being diagnosed gluten intolerant was a hard pill to swallow. But it goes down a lot better with delicious iced donuts with SPRINKLES!!!!
1	Wow.  I went on the hunt for a place to get bagels and GFC screamed out from YELP to come visit.   The location is back-off the (Thomas) road; you have to drive between two buildings to get to.  Early in the morning I was the only customer.The " store" is more of an oversized storage area where the products are in a refrigerator.  This is not a restaurant nor a bakery shop!  3 bagel types all pre-packaged, 4 of one kind, no mix and match and no spreads (let's put it this way they don't know what a schemer is).  I left.  Truly they don't cater for walk-ins and are probably well suited for pre-orders and customers with special dietary needs.  The stars may be from customers with either of those needs.
4	Gluten Free Creations is amazing. They have literally saved my life numerous Thanksgivings in a row for their superb gluten free bread crumbs so I could make my husband gluten free stuffing! They have provided me countless cupcakes, desserts, and tastings. They really are great. The service is fantastic and most notably-  they offer MANY multiple allergen offerings. Since moving to CA and frequenting a few bakeries both in SF and in so cal, I've been so impressed by other business, that I'm I'm docking them a star. But not because they're not fabulous for Arizona, only because I've had mind blowing, out of this world GF, DF, and EF (egg free) doughnuts, pastries, cupcakes, and  other baked goods in California and other parts of the country. I'm sorry Gluten Free Creations...It's not you, it's me! Thank you for all the wonderful products and service you gave for so many years. You're fabulous, and I wish you all the very best! One thing I do have to say is that even though I live in the land of gluten-free living (San Francisco) I have yet to find a GF bakery that competes with Gluten Free Creations for offering egg-free baked goods. It's easier to make a superb tasting GF bread with egg than without, trust. Gluten Free Creations has that down, for sure.
4	Hard to find, but painted all yellow, so once you see it behind all the other buildings on the lot, you'll know it.  Would highly recommend the simply pizza crust...a vegan gluten free creation and yummy!  The cookies are decent as are the bagels...altho' they are more like english muffins than bagels.  They always have samples out to try...each day's a different theme.
5	If you are gluten free (not by choice if I may add), this is the place to get your baked goods!Their bread, bagels, pizza crusts and english muffins are all delightful, the doughnuts are pretty good too.Their eat in cafe on McDowell is really nice and has a great menu.Ask for LynnRae she will be of major help if you are new to this establishment. Get going people and head over!
5	I have been by this place several times now. Also now that I am far more aware of what I am eating, I pay attention.So today I went in. I found out this place has been here for 10 years.It is a bakery, as well as an Eat in or to go dinner.So much to choose from in here as well.Bread, cookies, bagels,Pizza dough,muffins, etc, etc, etc...I also really like that you can buy your own mixes on everything and make it your self if you so want to do it.Menu for meals is great and when you see all the food places they supply to you will be surprised as well.The even sell all types of cakes. You can order them form the book complete with decorations.It is not all too cheap in here. But, A little extra effort is worth the extra price ,I think.When we are all swelling up like Balloons changing your diet can do wonders.I will be happy to come back here. Yeah, for a great find!
1	Gracious, I'm reading all of these 5 star reviews and I must say, I very much disagree. 1. The location is squeezed between two buildings, and is really dumpy. 2. You literally can't fit more than 5-6 people inside.3. They offer about 12 things that are sitting in grimy refrigerators.4. There is nobody there to help you...I came in and five minutes later a lady popped her head out from the back, said "ring the bell if you need anything" then went to the back, never to be seen again. (Even though I rang the bell like 5 times...and called for her) 5. It smells god awful in there. and 6. It's much too expensive. In short, I wouldn't waste my time.
5	When I decided to give up wheat I quickly found out how hard it was to find an even remotely palatable wheat free bread... much less bagels, muffins, cookies, etc.My daughter got a coupon from Gluten Free Creations in her mail and we visited today. The place is very small but WOW! I now have a great selection of all of the things I mentioned above and more and best of all, judging by the delicious jalapeno cheese bagel I just had and the slice of bread I tried from the loaf I bought I have found my wheat free heaven!The place is very clean and they were there to show us what they had to offer and answer any questions. A very clean and very friendly place with a wonderful, delicious selection for us people who want gluten/wheat free and even for those who need dairy and egg free. We'll be back and we'll be telling our friends. (I just posted a pic of my tasty bagel on my FB page.)
4	I am NOT a celiac, but eat gluten free by choice.  My son has nut and egg allergies also but eating disgusting Udi's GF bread was not an option nor something we needed to do but we do try vegan baked items for my son ....but I definitely feel eatging GF helps my IBS....so i was shocked to taste the amazing delicious Awelicious bread, pumpkin choc chip cookies and even ordered a GF birthday cake.......yes, it's drier, but who cares, it still tasts AMAZING!  Try the GF brownies too, they rock!
4	I am in love with the herbed baguette ! Finally I can have a bread that tastes good ! I love that there are now 3 locations in the valley for those of us who have a myriad of food allergies. All of the breads and etc. are frozen. But yummy, nonetheless. THE only thing I have not loved is the plain baguette. I got one for a Jeep outing with my boyfriend, and it was crumbling in our hands when we made our sandwiches on the trail. The herbed baguette is awesome. As is the herbed pizza crusts; calzones and cinnamon rolls. MMMMM.. such a treat for a food allergie'd person like me. The staff is so helpful and there is also a punch card for your purchases. I am just happy to have this bakery for options!
5	Let me start by saying that the address listed above is not the actual address, the little bakery is just around the corner on 30th St & Thomas, I think it may actually be attached to the back of the address listed here.So, now for my review...my husband & I decided to try a wheat free diet & as you can imagine there is a lot of "crap" out there that is just nasty.  Gluten Free Creations Bakery is a gem I am thrilled to have found, and bonus, it is just a couple miles from my house!   When I pulled up & took my baby out of my car the young man working there came & opened the door for me, huge points there!  He then asked if I had been in before & I told him no, he proceeded to give me a menu of everything they have to offer & let me tell you, it is extensive.  He also showed me where everything was & offered suggestions.  I purchased the simple pizza crust & the Italian pizza crust as well as the Awelicious bread, we have tried the simple pizza crust & the bread and let me tell you, we are impressed with the quality & flavor.  I'll be heading back there again very soon to get more bread & maybe try some other things.
