4	BACKFIT is a unique experience in Palmer chiropractic, that draws physical therapy at every visit into the preparations for being treated by the doctors.This office has an open, lighthearted feel and the staff is very personal and personable.  And there's usually an awesome "special" to introduce you to their program, meet the staff, and welcome you to consider BACKFIT.  If you are serious and committed to improving your condition, the staff will create a series-package custom-made for you, and develop an economical pre-pay arrangement to encourage you to see it through...and be with you every step of the way.
1	My father-in-law is visiting us, and had a backpain in April 2012.  I found "Backfit Health and Spine-Phoenix" online and gave it a try. They tried different ways to relief the pain, one of way is to use electrical current to block the pain, which showed some effect.  I was told on the third visit that I could purchase a Tens Unit to do it at home.  Because I haven't done any research on the pricing, I was hesitate.  Then I asked what kind of warranty it comes. The technician (I think his name is Peter, not 100% sure) told me that there is no store warranty, only manufacturing warranty.  Then I asked if it can be returned, he told me "yes, you can bring it back". This made me going ahead and purchased the unit.  Then I found a unit with much lower price online.  I purchased one from online and tried to return the first one to the store the next Sat.  Then I was shocked to hear from the same person telling me that "medical device cannot be returned"!  I can understand the policy of "medical device cannot be returned" after he told me that (first time for me since I haven't used any medical device before), but he shouldn't lie to me in the first place.  And there is no any sign about this policy in the store, or on my receipt.  I am very disappointed the dishonest way they run business.
1	Disappointing. Scheduled a massage for my elderly father. He could not find the location. He did not have the number to inform them. I called to reschedule and they would not honor the Groupon pomotional value nor the amount paid for the Groupon. They essentially collected my $29.00 donation and told me that my father should have called to cancel the appointment.
5	Just had a great massage there. I work with large animals so my back and legs where achy but now they feel great.
4	With a pre-existing neck and shoulder injury, I've gone to a massage therapist almost religiously for three years. After moving to Phoenix from Indiana, I was at a loss for finding a good therapist who would listen to me before and during the massage and was reasonably priced.It was through Groupon that I found BackFit. Still I was leery. A cheap massage does not mean a good massage. I was happy to have my fears allayed.When I called to make my appointment, I'd thought that I might be put off since I was using a Groupon. The case was not so. Working with my schedule, I was able to get in within a matter of days.When I arrived, the front door was locked and I was concerned. But a nurse who was returing from her lunch hour, went ahead and unlocked the door early so I could wait for the therapist to return from her lunch. While I wasn't a chiropractic patient, the nurse was open and friendly.When the therapist did arrive, she was positive and upbeat and provided me with my paperwork, spoke with me regarding any issues I have and what I like concentrated on, and then we started the massage.The room was softly lit and relaxing, a comfortably warmth (the day was chilly), and the therapist had a radio station playing lightly. Not the usual meditation music, which can be nice but also dull, but a classic rock station. I enjoyed the change up in music.My therapist was talkative but not overly so. She discussed with me my health and back background, what I did for a living (sitting, standing, activity level etc), and shared light conversation about herself and the office. She focused on the areas I asked, then as time was winding down she asked what other areas I'd like worked on. She was very open to making sure my experience was as customized as I was willing to communicate with her.After the massage was over, I felt relaxed and she had relieved much of the tension and knots from my neck, shoulders, and back, as well as my feet, wrists, and hands (all my key focus areas). I will certainly go back to her in the future - Groupon or no Groupon.A bonus to my session was that, since I had used a Groupon for a massage, I was going to receive a free chiropractic consult. You can't beat that.All-in-all, I would recommend BackFit Health + Spine. I will be returning as well.
5	I cannot say enough awesome things about this place. After a whole year of battling lower back pain I'm FINALLY feeling like a functioning human again after only 4 short weeks thanks to the amazing team at BackFit.Each and every employee takes the time to get to know you and your needs and I actually enjoy spending my lunch breaks with such awesome people. I was referred here by a friend of mine who had an amazing experience as well. If you're looking for a chiro- look no further this is your place.
1	Got a 10 minute free massage at the chandler beer festival last week, they pitched me a Chiropractic package with an evaluation, X-rays, and massage included.. I bought it and then she set me up for an available appointment within the next week, sat at 9:30.  I show up to the Phoenix location at 9:30 to a sign that says "sorry for the inconvenience but we're closed on Thursdays and Saturdays until further notice".  I didn't receive a courtesy call stating this change before I drove all the way down on a Saturday morning, I called the number and requested I get my money back, I'm not doing business with them ever again.  This place is inconsiderate of their clients time.  I better get a refund in a timely manner. Avoid this place.
2	Don't go! I wished I read the reviews before ordering my coupon. The desk staff were actually super nice, or so I thought, and let me redeem before it expired so I could get my massage in. I had to fill out what looked like a doctor form although it was just a massage! I didn't fill in my address because I didn't see the point, I wasn't getting mail or a bill. They seemed really irritated by that, nothing I've experienced at a spa / office doctor massage appt either.The pressure from the massage was out of this world hard, I normally have to tell my masseuse to do it to the point where they think it actually might hurt, but during this I shed a tear. I wanted some areas that much pressure and others not, and she kept told me to stop tightening and said when I go over a knot people often stop breathing and tighten up - uh, yea, that should tell you something. Always respond to your client and adjust accordingly. I told her I wanted full body, but she just focused on my shoulders and didn't even go over my feet and tailbone which I circled as concern areas, didn't go over my front legs, arms, hands, temples, and I had to ask her to do my back legs. Then she finished 4 min early, most masseuses are super nice and tell me they're going right up to the last minute.I've never thought, "I wonder when this will be over..." during a massage, I'm a massage addict, I've been many different places all over the world so I have a good idea of a "good massage".She used a mint smelling lotion, I didn't get any options, surprised she didn't use or offer oil, I mean, I figured I'd be asked if I had any allergies like they usually do on their forms in offices and spas. I like that oily soft feeling afterward, but I didn't get that with this lotion.
5	I originally went here because I had purchased a groupon for massage. I asked for someone who could do strong work similar to myofascial release. I have 2 previous back injuries and a more recent severe whiplash injury from a lovely 40+mph car accident. Love red light runners... don't you?But I digress, I showed up to meet Jacquie who was quiet, professional and got right to work. We talked about my physical limitations and I was very clear to "go hard or go home" and she delivered big time. My shoulders and traps that had been hunched for over a year, were dropped and in a neutral position finally. I woke up the next day expecting bruises to be honest. I was surprised to see no marks, just that good soreness from everything working its way out.  I met with Dr. Jake who gave me an adjustment and got my Mri, X-ray and medical records and have been coming here since. My insurance co-pay was decent but they adjusted it so that I could get the trigger point therapy as well as adjustment and therapy 2x weekly. This business has improved my life immensly. I am now taking half of what I used to for pain meds and it's only been 3 months! If you have legitimate health and pain issues I strongly reccomend giving Backfit a try. The front desk staff is friendly with the customers, Dr. Jake is nice, quick and focused on longterm results. Working on multiple issues to aviod creating a temporary bandaid fix. I've also had great results with the trigger point injections from Dr. Jenny. My molibity is up thanks to physical therapy and the take home Denerol tool. It's a team approach to overall healthcare and it works perfectly.Why pay 50 to see a specialist for the trigger point injections, 20 to see a chiro, then 10 for physical therapy? Here you get it all in one place, one appt and with my insurance it was only 30! My only suggestion is to book Jacquie in advance because she fills up usually 6 weeks out. She really is that good. I am beyond grateful I found this business.
5	Wonderful . from front desk to adjustments to physical therapy. I recommend them. They accept blue cross blue shield, with my co pay. Open 5 days a week.
