4	Ok let's not talk about the food. We all know it's bad for you and evil, whatever. What I like about this particular McDonald's is the face to face drive through!  I love not yelling into a speaker and hoping they heard me correctly. It's so refreshing to just talk to someone face to face. I haven't been here a lot, but I can say I've had no errors in my food - quite impressive.
4	So reviewing McDonald's is like reviewing America. It's been around a while and everybody has had time to form their own opinion. The thing I will review today is their new oatmeal. I usually hit Starbucks every morning before the gym for coffee and their "perfect oatmeal" as they call it. I like it enough and it's a cheap, healthy, low calorie breakfast. I was curious when Micky D's started pitching their own. I have now tried it a few times at a few different locations and have to admit, it might be better! It's a tad more money and a tad higher in calories but it tastes and looks lie a better product. Next time you are hitting that drive thru for a sausage/bacon/Mcbiscuitmuffin sandwich, try the oatmeal instead and give your body and wallet a small break!
1	We frequent McDonalds quite often with a little 5 year old.  I didn't notice this location had the f-t-f service so I am sitting waiting for someone to say "May I take Your Order?" - just a friendly honk from behind me to nudge me away.  The gal at the 1st window was very nice so that is for the one star rating I gave this location.  I get to the window and the gal doesn't even greet me and gives me the wrong item.  I ordered a milkshake WITHOUT whipcream.  The order was correct but she made it incorrectly.  For some reason I throw up by having this so I see her through the window off to the side taking off the whip cream.  She comes back to the window and I told her that I saw what she did and that I can't have it or I will end up across the street in ER.  She still doesn't say anything and goes to make another milkshake and gives me the milkshake without saying sorry or thank you for coming to McDonalds.  Aghhhh.  My big pet-peeve with ALL the McDonalds they NEVER give nor offer ketchup when you get fries and once again this happened.  If you are going to offer friendly face to face service please live up to that.  I hated this location and the grumpy girl - get a new job girl or a new attitude.  With so many people out of work McDonalds could have hired a friendly person.  Geeeeeez
5	We frequent this location as it is in our office buildings parking lot. This is a super busy [maybe one of the busiest locations I have ever been to!]; the drive-thru moves quickly and the service is always great and everyone is always very friendly.
4	So, very hot day in vegas... well, compared to Mountain View, CA that is... I had some scrap steel I wanted to sell, and had just carried a load to my local recycler... and  I was thirsty.... My wife and I decided to swing by McD to get our favorite Wild Berry Smoothie and went to the drive thru.The drive thru at this McD is unusual in that there is actually a live person at a window (they have 3 windows, one to order, one to pay, and one to get food) taking orders. Before I said anything, he's like, "would you like to try our new mango pineapple smoothie?"... I said, "well, I was going to order our favorite, wild berry smoothie.." He says, "the Mango Pinapple is much better.... you can put Baccari's in there and it would make a great frozen drink too"  Sold!It was good! The syrupy sweetness of mango with the sweet tang of pineapple was very refreshing on this hot Vegas day... it just might become my new favorite.
5	Went here with my son this past weekend...haven't been to this location in a while and sure enough nothing has changed.  Seriously, I don't know why I even dare take him to another location...oh I remember why...because this one doesn't have a play area :(.  However, taking him somewhere where he gets the slightest distraction from eating his entire meal makes for an unhappy mommy because he ends up not eating his food.This location is CLEAN and NOT attached to a gas station (which I always thought was weird).  They even have fresh flowers on every table.  The drive thru is always busy; however if you go in it will save you time.  The staff are efficient...once you get their attention because they seem to be a bit chatty with one another.  The food was as good as it gets for a fast food joint and especially a McDonalds.  My son got a 4 piece chicken nugget Happy Meal and the fries were fresh from the fryer and was not just sitting under the heat lamp.  They were also not stingy with the BBQ sauce like most places and didn't charge us for an extra one as you only get 1 for a happy meal.Will definitely be coming back here again when there's a good toy out...
3	Does McDonald's really need a review?It's hot outside, so it's a perfect place to grab a cheap drink. I also like their McCafe coffees.Food obviously less than mediocre, but we all love the dollar menu.Line was horrendous around 1:00pm.
4	Went here after a soccer game for lunch around 1PM and it was crazy in the parking lot making it hard to find a spot.  Once in we placed our order but going to a McDonalds drive through or not I always get pickles and onions when I ask for them not to put any on.  Maybe I speak softly or maybe I am speaking in a different language.  I didn't even go back to get a new one since the line was so long. But, I have to say this location is very clean.  They always have someone cleaning up inside and outside the location.  No kid area but after a great game of soccer my daughter just needed to worry about her lunch.  We would go back again and maybe I will just order something else that doesn't have onions or pickles say a salad which would be good for my hips.
2	It's McDonalds that should say a lot. I really don't like the way their drive thru works... Why cant I just order at the board? It would be so much easier if you had the menu in front of you to double check what the guy at the window is saying... It's not like they were going to getting right anyway. I do give McD's credit for having great ice cream! I don't know why but I have always loved their cones... It's really the only edible thing there.
5	Clean.  Friendly.  Great customer service.  fast.
5	If we go to Chipotle a little further down, we will hit this on the way back for $1 drinks.  Bargain dinner FTW.  Food is always correct when I order it and all the people that I've encountered there are pleasant.I've been inside the restaurant itself once and it's nice & clean.  Most of the time I go through the drive-thru and always receive prompt service.  Easy in/out driveway which is a HUGE plus for me; enter from Eastern, exit onto St. Rose.  Wham, bam, thank you ma'am.
3	The get me my coffee AND it's a surprisingly clean restaurant. Can't be a $1.08 cup of joe.
5	I give this McDonald's 5 stars comparing it to other McDonalds restaurants in the Las Vegas/ Henderson area. service is fast whether you're in the drive-thru or ordering inside..
3	Free wifi saved my butt when mine at home froze up! And I was there late enough to get a free apple pie that someone ordered but never picked up!
3	What can I say about good ol' McDonalds.Morning & Late night orderings lines do get pretty long.  Especially since its near the freeway so it gets pretty hectic. Had there big breakfast & oatmeal several times and the oatmeal is pretty dry! I wish they put a little more milk or something in there.Also, i tried the dipped cone & was not good. But McDonalds fries are never a disappointment :)
5	very fast and friendly, clean and courteous, considering how busy they are on black friday
5	very friendly staff, i complained about how they messed up my order at the other Mcdonald, the staff replaced my order here at no charge! wow
5	This tasty Bacon Clubhouse Burger had a perfect zing of flavor that popped right after the first bite, and sent my taste buds on a first class trip to party city. As the box says, 'the different ingredients "mingle" on an artisan roll', and they form a flawless blend that puts a smile on your face. I would recommend it to anyone and everyone, as I find it is one of the most scrumptious things on McDonalds menu. They also provided fast, friendly, and accurate customer service. Definitely the best Mcdonalds out there!
5	Though it might not be the healthiest option in the world, considering their is a subway across from the mcD, this McDonalds is available 24 hours. Since I'm a night owl I can get food any time I want which is great. Really cheap too, fills me up with only $5.
4	Ate here during my lunch break before I had to head over to St. Rose (Siena) Hospital across the street. I've eaten here a few times before.It's a McDonald's. There's not really much else to say. I ordered my typical fast food meal: a Spicy McChicken and medium fries for a grand total of $3.02.It was pretty crowded, but I managed to snag a small table meant for two. I guess other people were on their lunch breaks as well. Service was good and fast despite being so busy.Ketchup is also available in packets in the area where salt, pepper, and napkins are also available. This is a plus since other places require you to ask for ketchup.  If you're feeling mischievous aka cheap, you can bring some home in your to-go bag.Adequate parking and right across the street from the hospital. While there's nothing extraordinary about the place, it serves its purpose in serving cheap and easy fast food.  I'll definitely come back if I feel the need for such a meal when I'm in the area.
5	I wanted to take off a star for the weird bendy line that I always have to wait in when I go through the drive thru. However, the truth is that if I simply parked my car and walked my lazy a** inside, I would not have to wait.Speaking of their drive thru, wow. You could be in a line all the way out to Eastern and you would be through that line in 5 minutes. They really have an operation going on there. This is what happens when you have the budget to hire sufficient amounts of employees.One time this one girl was kinda mean to me...but I can't blame McDonalds.  It felt like an anger caused by something such as a breakup or a stressful issue with not paying rent, so I let it go.HAVE YOU HAD THEIR FRIES?!?!!?  I don't care what people say. I think are putting crack in those. Salt and crack. If one day down the line we find out that McDonalds fries were so good because they were laced with something, I won't be shocked.
3	Did you know they got rid of the hot mustard sauce? Got rid of it! Gone! Poof! No more fabulously tangy mustard that was delicious on everything. This makes me very sad. I'm not sure I'll be able to get over this heartbreak. Even the new habanero ranch sauce cannot begin to bandage my saddened taste buds.This particular location is an easy location as it is on the corner of St. Rose and Eastern. Hint: Entering from St. Rose is the easier option. It also has a Redbox. A very busy Redbox. Hint: Beware trying to return a movie here at 8:55pm.The drive-thru, like most McD's nowadays, it a series of 3 windows - order at 1, pay at the next, receive food at the next. Most often, it's smooth and quick. But sometimes, you get a order receiver who is confuddled by you ordering anything other than a value meal. Order receiver: You mean you want a cheeseburger and a small fry? How about the two cheeseburger meal? Me: No, I want just one cheeseburger and a small fry. Order receiver: Hmmm, I can't seem to do that. You'll have to have the meal.Me: *face palm*But at least I have never received the wrong order here. So bonus points for that.
1	Yuck. If you want an extra large dose of salt, sugar, and a variety of chemicals in your food, by all means eat here. Not to mention it's way overpriced for the garbage they serve. Enjoy!
