2	I keep coming back to this place because it seems like there should be useful stuff here for an outdoorsy person like me, but there just isn't.  It's all high-end skiwear and scuba gear, and the kind of shoes so over-designed no one can afford them, or sometimes understand them.  They get a star for having some pretty good deals during Maxwell Street Days.What tipped me intro reviewing was this:  I got a Bucky Book for Christmas with a two-for-one deal on SmartWool socks, and needed a new pair of boot socks, so what's to lose, right?  Turned out they aren't accepting their own Bucky Book coupons because they're having a sale.  So instead of getting half off on two pairs of twenty-dollar socks, I could get twenty percent off?  Sorry, no deal.
4	Oddly enough, I never shopped here when I was a student and lived in Madison, probably b/c I was on a pretty tight budget and I felt it cruel to torment myself and enter stores where I knew I would find a ton of cool stuff that I couldn't own...*tear*. Fast forward to my working girl days, I finally stopped in here on a recent trip to Madison when everything was at least 30% off (I think they are moving locations or something)...score! My bf found some sweet deals on mountain climbing shoes AND a camelbak. Needless to say, he was pretty stoked! To top it off, the sales people were pretty nice, but, hey, that is to be expected of local Madison folk ;) Anyways, we both left big fans of this place although I don't know how I would feel if we weren't getting such good deals...hmmmm...
2	I was in here often in early May because I needed to get some last minute things before my field research in Costa Rica in mid-May-late-June.Were it not for the paranoid staff members consistently checking literally every few minutes to make sure I wasn't shoplifting ("Do you need any help?" = retail-fu for, "I'm checking to make sure you're not stealing anything.") or the ridiculously high prices, I probably would've bought more there instead of getting things online.However, there was a nice sale and I bought some really great breathable pants there that made being in the rainforest so, so much more comfortable.The products are great, the services and prices not so much. Because I'm not really an outdoorsy person, I don't see myself coming back either.
5	Really nice staff, locally-owned, long-term contributer to the sparse downtown retail scene--love it!  I've always found the staff here really helpful.  On one occassion I went in looking for bungee cords and although they don't stock them, they helped me fashion some very affordable ones from carabiners and elastic cord.  I also got a lesson in knot-tying.  Thanks Fontana!
4	This is a great store to wander around in and soak up all the techy little things they sell. The downtown store has always felt so homey, and still does in their new location. The prices are high, but if you can find stuff on sale, it's great. I've worn the Patagonia fleece I got there for most of the past week as Madison tries to warm up into spring.
1	DO NOT BUY ONLINE! WORST SERVICE!I bought a pair of ski boots that were on sale online, and had them shipped to Miami, where I live.  Unfortunately, I don't have a chance to go skiing often, so when I finally got to try the boots 1 month after having purchasing them, I realized that they fit a little bit big.  When I tried to exchange them or find a solution with the people from Fontana Sports, this is the response that I got: "I am sorry they turned out not to be a good fit, and I hope you are able to find a solution that works better for your feet." Helpful, right? (sarcasm)! Now I'm stuck with a brand new pair of ski boots that do not fit my feet!!!
5	Amazing store. Great location. Knowledgeable staff. They team working knows the products and love the outdoors.
3	Very helpful staff.  Kind and knowledgable.Place sells expensive brand-names so that's why it's expensive I suppose.  I went during Maxwell Street Days and almost everything was almost half offI went for a bike lock but they only had dinky ones-- in the hood where I live someone will saw through that shit in a hot minute!
4	I normally shop at the Junction Road location, because it's quite a bit closer to my workplace and they have more square footage, which usually means more selection. That said, I do find myself at this location quite often, and generally enjoy it a ton. You won't find as much camping gear as at the other store, but the clothing and accessory selection is outstanding.I most recently bought a Mountain Hardwear Ghost Whisperer jacket and couldn't be more happy. The staff were helpful and efficient and pointed out some great features/benefits of this particular jacket. The purchase also included a complimentary set of MH Power Stretch gloves, which was a pleasant surprise.And, loyal shoppers take note! Fontana has *finally* added a buyer rewards program. For every $300 you spend, they'll give you a $10 coupon good for a future purchase, but you have to be in their program.This is a welcome addition; I've been in their "rewards system" for 5+ years and never saw the benefit of it until now. Thank you!!Oh; only negative? I also bought a pair of Smartwool socks, and when I got home, discovered the anti-theft thingy was still attached. This is perplexing, because (a) it never sounded an alarm, and (b) I have to go back and get it removed. Grr.
