4	Had a lunch with my brother as he was craving sushi!  Place is nicely decorated inside.  We both ordered Moriwase lunch special.  It came with a good size salad and miso soup.  Both were delightful!  Moriwase (assorted maki and a couple of rolls) was very generous sized.  My reference point is Toronto and Vancouver sushi places so I'm usually a little jaded when eating sushi in Montreal.  I find Montreal sushi places lunch is near the $20 amount with tip whereas in Toronto/Van you can usually have a good lunch for around $15.  This had good flavour, fresh and was of good size to fill you up!  I can't stand it when you go to a sushi joint and you leave hungry!  This was not the case! Perfect amount!
5	I was very impressed by Katoreya. I normally grade the quality of my sushi by how many pieces I can eat before I hate myself. We ordered the chef's choice for 2 (34 pcs. for $32) and came very close to finishing it.The decor is modern and slightly reminiscent of Maiko. On all fronts, my date and I were both very satisfied from the experience.
5	Had a craving for sushi this evening and hubby didn't want to head to Mikado or Uchi, and he found Katoreya. A great find, sushi and sashimi as fresh as it gets, service was first-rate, Mark did the owners proud and we will definitely make this our regular sushi hangout on the WI.
5	The atmosphere is a bit stark...but the food more than makes up for it. This is proper Japanese food. Despite the myriad number of sushi shops on the west island, this restaurant knows what they are doing. Good tasting sushi in inventive combinations are a hit. They do sushi well...quality rice and nice fish. The platters are generous and they will cater to your likes and dislikes if you ask.But don't miss the appetizers. I is worth ordering several...including the crispy chicken strips! Have been back several times and are working our way through the menu and enjoying every bite. The bill always comes as a surprise in that it is reasonable compared to the usual crappy west island sushi fare. And they have a decent selection of hot and cold saki at reasonable cost. Looking for a birthday dinner with friends and family? Try this place.
5	OMG, this place must be good as I created a Yelp account while atthe  restaurant!Started using Yelp a great deal wherever I travel, helps me find these diamonds in the rough.Although, there was only 4 reviews on this nice little place, they were unanimous enough to raise my curiosity.The service was second to none, Being an absolutely sushi (sashimi please!) maniac, I am constantly trying to find the best one when travelling.Hit  a great one here....I let the onwer guide me through a series of fantastic suggestions, from sake, to appetizers (try the jade, not on menu, ask for it!), to mix sashimi, to dessert. Once owner found out it was a keener, he went crazy on great suggestions.Can't wait to go back, but this time with a group of friends and get a great spread going...so many things to try there!Good work chefs!
5	I really like it and I am a choosey kind of customer. Compared to other Japanese restaurants in Montreal (or Canada for that matter), Katoreya prepares a slightly more traditional variation of Sushi (which is a good thing for traditionalist like me). Still they come up with some innovative variations on the Japanese tradition. For example, their salmon/shrimp roll, called "Indochine", is like a spring roll wrapped in a rice leaf; tasty and original. They managed the challenge of preparing excellent Ama Ebi, Ika and Tako. These three ingredients were very fresh, delicious and usually reveal whether the chef knows his trade or not. The service was kind and attentive but not intrusive. When asked a question about a special dish the waiter did not know the answer but politely referred to the chef for clarification. Well done. One doesn't need to know everything but instead needs to be classy enough to find out from someone who does. Setting is subdued but not stark as had been mentioned before. In fact they livened up the place with a few colorful decorations (which are not exactly my taste). Cool lounge music makes you relaxed. I will come back in one of my next trips to Montreal.
5	Didn't expect much and got a lot Don't judge a book by its coverThe food was amazing
3	Following the rave reviews on here, I ordered the Paradise, Phoenix, and Tuna Tartare for take out, and was underwhelmed. While, in theory, the combinations sounded delicious, the taste was lacking. I don't know why, but everything tasted boring. 2 of the sauces were too strong for my tastes, so I left them aside, which left the rolls bland. I found the prices too high as well, for what I got. While the restaurant's decor was nice, I go for the food - and on that account, I doubt I'll be back.
1	I don't understand how this place has gotten such high reviews. I went in expecting a 4.5 star restaurant but was very disappointed. First off, they brought us tea in a pot and this is the first time I get charged for tea at a sushi place. The tea tasted like water. And the soy sauce tasted like water, we had a strong suspicion they water it down. It was horrible. And you really needed the taste of soy sauce to help you out because the rolls themselves tasted so bland. One of the rolls we got I think it was the siren, was basically a salad. A salad without any dressing. Just a bunch of mint leaves and a cm sized shrimp. The waiters, although polite, kept hovering around us and made us uncomfortable. Oh and they also charge for ginger and wasabi (it doesn't even come with the specialty rolls order)  they also brought out our sushi two orders at a time instead of all at once which I didn't like. Also, each roll was the size of my hand. Please make your rolls smaller and bite size! Don't make it impossible/embarrassing for us to try to chew/choke on it. In the end, for three people,  our bill came out to $100. Pretty outrageous for less than mediocre sushi.I definitely disappointed my guests by bringing them here based on reviews. Yelp did not come through this time unfortunately.
5	A top quality fusion sushi restaurant, very artistic presentation and always a delightful tasting experience.Just got better with the new "Bring your wine" concept!We are sushi lovers... having tried some of the higher-end sushi places around -usually bigger restaurants- and we find the quality to be equal with top restaurants, only at a more decent price.Plus the place is smaller, very cozy, in a quiet area.Never disappointed so far!
5	Small restaurant tucked away. Very impressed with the presentation and variety of selections. The food is melt in your mouth fresh and delicious. We liked that we could bring our own wine and found that their selection and prices for wine is very reasonable. We will definitely go back. Worth the money.
