5	I was referred to Roland by my good friend Dean. I'm glad he did so. What I thought was going to cost me a fortune was only a fraction of my estimate. I had GFI's tripping all over the house at an alarming rate. So much so, I thought I was going to need some serious electrical work done, and when I say serious I really mean $$$. He discovered the problem quickly and was in and out just as fast and was very professional. A less reputable person could of milked me for a lot of time and work that simply was not needed. Even though I did not find Roland on Yelp I felt compelled to share my experience.
5	These guys are great!! They are dependable, reliable, and the service is amazing. Roland and his team are the best in town hands down, you will not regret your decision!
5	Had some electrical work done by 24/7 electric, very pleased, very professional. I would recommend this company to anyone prices are great and the work was beyond my expectations. Alonso was really professional, and if you are looking for a good price and great professional work to go along with it, this is the place to CALL
5	This is a very professional company. Roland and his team know what they are doing. If you ever need repairs or just getting something started, 24/7 is the company to call. They are fair in their prices and very honest. They get in, do the job right, and are just really nice people. You cannot lose with 24/7! Thanks, Roland and Alonso, and all your crew. I'll never go with another company!
5	Absolutely fantastic service! I came home from work to find that two bedrooms upstairs did not have any power. The rest of the house was fine. I checked the circuit breakers and found that the breaker going to the bedrooms could not be reset. I called a couple of places -- some didn't answer right away (actually, one just called me back as I am writing this, and I called two hours ago), and some sounded like scams. I did a quick search and found 24-7 Electrical. I placed a call and received an answer right away by Roland. He took my information, gave me a price, and told me he would be by in about an hour. Roland was here within the promised, fixed the problem within 10 minutes (bad circuit breaker), and charged the price quoted. Extremely professional, efficient, and great customer service all for a very reasonable price! Highly recommend Roland and his company for your electrical needs!
5	We were quoted an excellent price and they did it even better job than we expected. We had a massive chandelier mounted on a 19' Ceiling and needed electrical ran for our dryer and they did it all in one day. They were very professional (Roland, Cruz, Juan and Juan Sr). On time, polite and very knowledgeable. We could not ask for better service. We will be using them very soon for our solar needs!Ryan & Julie
5	I was in a need of lighting up my house especially all the bedrooms, I called different companies to quoted me  for can lights, Roland was the most enjoyable person to talk to, he took his time to explained me  the process and more economical  way to do it, he provided me a  estimate on the spot, I agreed with it, and they started the job the following day,after  6 months later my wife still remind me of have good the company was. Highly recommend to any of your electrical needs, thank you Roland and his team.
5	These guys are the best!! Experts, fast and courteous.  I got their name from my brother in law who could not say enough about how great they are and their services too.  Great customer service and excellent work.  No need to ever look any further than these guys.
5	I have used 24/7 Electric 2 times in the last year, once for my home and once for my business when I first opened and I just scheduled them next week for a 3rd time to come out to my business to run some 220 for some new equipment I just bought. Roland and his crew are the absolute best! They show up on time and get things done for a great price. I highly recommend 24/7 Electric to anyone looking for an electrician.
5	The most easy way to have the right job done . By 24/7 electric service , with experience on the trade and a total trust service . I will use again . And I will recommend again.
5	My mother passed away and I needed dusk to dawn outdoor lights installed at her house.  24/7 came and evaluated the current fixtures, which were an old style and couldn't use a desk to dawn sensor.  So I bought new fixtures and Alfonso did a great job installing them for a reasonable price.  24/7 returned my calls and e-mails promptly.  Good customer service.
5	24/7 Electrical services are the company to call when your looking for ANY job that needs to be done. Roland and his team went above and beyond to assist and where extremely knowledgeable answering all my questions and even giving me advice on what would benefit me most. Could not have asked for a better experience and will only bring my future business to them from here on out. DEFINITELY RECOMMEND TO ANYONE LOOKING. THANKS ROLAND
