4	Discount Tire is my top choice for tires & basic tire repair.  When I've had a slow leak they diagnosed the problem, patched the hole from the nail, and charged me.... guess how much?  $0.  Just a smile, a firm handshake, and a polite reminder that they would appreciate my business when it is time for new tires.  So, it's no mystery where I go for my tire purchases.  Recently they were very helpful with acquiring a tire that was no longer produced, and went so far as to have it shipped from California.  On my wife's car they gave me  a great deal on a set of Michelin Pilot Sport 2's, saving me a lot of money over the dealer and some of the other competition.Appointment is a good idea but I've had equally good luck by showing up right at the opening time.  Location is on the SW corner of the 101 & 59th Ave., in the shopping area behind Del Taco that also has a Staples & Home Depot.
4	After finding out that my tires needed to be replaced, I decided to shop around a bit for some halfway cheap tires.  My car is a bit pricey when it comes to parts.  Discount Tire ended up being the best price I found.  They even were able to fit me in before the end of the day too (even after showing up around 2).  The service was good and they were able to have my car ready when they said they would.  What more can you ask of a tire shop?
5	I went in thinking I just needed a tire repaired and ended up realizing I needed four new tires for my wife's car.  The sales associate was extremely helpful and was able to get me a sizable refund on my existing tires.  They were even finished within 40 minutes which gave me time to grab a bagel at Hot Bagels nearby.
5	Always great service.If they ever go public I will buy their stock.  They train their people well, hire hard working people, and move faster than any place I've seen to get your work done fast and done right the first time!I get my flats fixed here even if I don't have their tires. They charge, but the amount charged gets credited for when you buy tires there. I always buy replacement tires here and refer all people to Discount Tire.
3	A good choice for tires due to price and availability.  One word of caution, they do a high volume and details can sometimes slip through the cracks.  Double-check that everything that was supposed to be done is done.  There is no reason for complaint as they always make things right, but in general I suggest just being actively engaged in your purchases.
5	I had a flat, and luckily these guys are right across from the parking lot I realized it in. They repaired my flat for FREE, when I was expecting to shell out some money I didn't have. It doesn't get any better than that!!! And it only took them about 30 minutes. They had the wheel key I needed, which was good considering mine is broken. They were friendly, and only tried to upsell me on a $5 wheel key. I'll probably go back to buy it, too. If I am in need again, I will definitely give these guys another try, which I am sure is their main purpose. I am grateful enough, I feel like I should go buy those guys lunch or something. Maybe I will. Thanks!
5	Always 5 stars. These guys work their butts off, all the Time !
5	I have purchased many sets of tires over the years from Discount Tire. Three sets total from this location. I searched for prices on-line and called all the local tire sellers to find the best price. I found a couple on-line companies that I could get them cheaper for, but mostly just the difference in tax. I opted (again) to use a local retailer for tires. They are local and I do not have to transport tires to the shop...and the tires I wanted were on sale. Once I decided where to buy my tires I was able to check online for store stock. I called the store and spoke to Ryan who informed me those tires were on sale. Being strapped for time, I asked what times were available for an appointment. He said he could put me in the queue now and I would be up in about 15. I arrived in 10, paid for the tires and they had it in the bay before I put my credit card back in my wallet. 30 min later and I was off with 4 new tires. I will be back.
5	Was in today for 4 new tires for my truck.  Made an appointment online, and was glad I did.  There was a line outside the store before they opened (appointment was for 8am).  They opened a few minutes early instead of making us wait outside, and Kyle came outside and greeted me BY NAME.  He knew who I was because I put in my vehicle information on the reservation, VERY IMPRESSIVE.  Seemed like my truck was on the lift BEFORE I had even finished paying.  I was out the door in no time.  Loyal customer for life.  GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!  Thanks guys!
5	My experience with this Discount Tire compelled me to actually sign up for Yelp and write my first review. I've been coming here for my and my family's tires for years simply because we live in the neighborhood. While the convenience is a factor, the SERVICE is what keeps me coming back.I went in this afternoon in search of a special set of Gorilla inverted ET-style lugnuts for my new aftermarket wheels. I had found a kit online thru another retailer but wanted to mount my new wheels immediately so I decided to check my local DT. As it goes with buying most things offline, I expected to pay a little more for the convenience buying them locally. Definitely not the case! I didn't bring my car or wheels, but Kyle knew exactly what I wanted. I showed him pictures, and he asked plenty of questions to make sure I was looking for the right thing. He even took me back to the work bays to show me every single lugnut style they had in stock. Unfortunately, they did not have the special inverted lugnuts in stock and had to special order. Kyle was quickly on the phone with Gorilla and the lugs were ordered. I then told him about the price of the lug kit online and the fact that it included a set of wheel locks as well. Kyle went back on the phone with Gorilla, and special ordered the exact kit I had seen online. He did not charge me any extra for the wheel locks, or for shipping. After tax, I still saved about 10% going to my neighborhood Discount Tire!Kyle, and the crew at Arrowhead DT are awesome, and I will certainly be back when my, or my family's vehicles need new tires.
1	Rip Off !!!!    Rip Off !!!     Went to Discount Tire with my daughter spoke to Grayson he looked at the tire and right away said the tire had a hole   and the tire walls were no good. I said that the tires were only 3 months old he said again the tire is no good . Grayson brought us inside to sell us a new tire. Giving me a price of $145.00 . I said WOW that's an expensive tire !!! He said oh yes it's our most expensive did you want a cheaper one???  Really ??? Does anyone want the most expensive tire???? He proceeded to be very condescending. I asked him to tell me the name of the tire and he said no I do not want you to call my competitor. What a jerk !!!!  I went to walmart Tony from walmart took a look at the tire and said these are new tires the treads look really good !!!! The walls on the tire are fine !!! I can repair the hole for TEN BUCKS!! MORAL OFF THE STORY GO TO WALMART !!!! DISCOUNT TIRE IS DISHONEST !
5	I love Discount Tire in general but this location goes above and beyond for their customers! I can't even lie I hit so many curbs this year I had to spend money on a set of tires twice this year and my tires run me 200$ a piece (of coarse I did not purchase the warranty.) I went into this location and they notice my recent tire purchases and gave me some huge discounts and even gave me a free tire because I could not afford two! John is the store manager and really takes care of you. You will not be disappointed if you come here!
5	My car was at 65,000 miles and I was told by my dealership that it was time to get a new set of tires. I found that the guys at Discount Tire were super helpful. Tim, who helped us, went out and checked my tires and recommended ones that I should get based on the type of driving I may be doing since I will be moving to Denver in a few months. They rate their tires as good, better, and best and based on his explanations and being able to answer all of my questions, I ended up purchasing the second best (Pirelli) tires he suggested. It took them no time at all to change the tires and it turned out that they only had 3 of the tires I purchased so upgraded me to Yokohama tires, their top choice for me at no additional charge! All the guys were super friendly and I'm glad I came here instead of getting ordinary tires from Honda. Although Honda quoted me tires that were less than what I paid at Discount Tire, I know that I will be safe and have quality tires that will last me a long time. With free pressure checks and rotations, they have got my business for many years to come!
5	These guys are fantastic. They have excellent customer service and a very professional demeanor. They do tire patching at no cost and within 1-1.5 hours. very good service.
5	Bottom line: This is a business you can trust.  Car repairs, maintenance, tires, etc, no one likes to shell out the money it takes to keep them running and safe.  Discount Tire takes a little of that pain away.  One, this is a local company, headquartered in good ol' Scottsdale, nice to be able to keep the money in the local economy.  Two, these guys are honest and they earn your business.  They give it to you straight on your tire options, usually "good-better-best" options depending on your tire budget.  Each of their tire reps/salesmen really know their product and can help steer you to the best option depending on your needs and driving style.  Excellent warranties, the best customer service around, and really good products bring me back each time.  They'll even text you when your car is ready to be picked up if you drop it off.  If you stay and wait, the lobby is very clean, great selection of clean magazines to read (in covers that is), complimentary bottles of water, etc.  This clearly is a business bent on improving what they do everyday and in my mind, they're succeeding.
5	Raymond was the best discount tire employee to help me in years. I have bought at least 3 sets of tires from Discount Tire over the years and no one has helped me like he did. Very helpful and friendly. Great guy and a great experience. All done in less than an hour.
4	I have purchased many replacement tires from this Discount Tire. I love how easy it is to make an appointment!When you arrive, you are greeted by people who are actually happy to be working there. Pretty awesome!I always receive a fair price on my tires, and I never have to wait long to have them installed. I usually walk around Petco while I wait, and they just call me when the car is ready.Definitely check them out if you're in need of new tires!
5	Discount Tire is just great all around, and this location is no different.  Always helpful and courteous, and I always seem to get in and out very fast at this store.  There are a bunch of shopping and food options right in the same parking lot, so it's convenient to drop off the car and go do something while they get it taken care of.
