5	This is by far my favorite all you can eat sushi in Montreal.The restaurant is modern and cozy. The service is always fast and the place always seems busy. There is a large sushi selection and lots of non-sushi selections as well. The sushi has been fresh and tasty every time I've gone. If you're looking for an elegant, fast, delicious all you can eat sushi restaurant, look no further. My friends and I have always left here very satisfied.
2	Not a bad place, it's fairly inexpensive with the "all you can eat" to order formula. However, the Sushi selection is meager (especially if you like raw fish) and the fish is obviously frozen.I know that for $15 I should not have expected a lot, however, I had much better experiences in similar places in California and in Las Vegas.If what you are into is more cooked standard japanese fare (miso soup, edamame, teriyaki, tempura...) and a bit of Sushi, then you'll like it quite a bit. However, if you are a sushi gourmet, there are better places around.Service was quick and attentive enough for that kind of place. The restaurant itself is nice.
3	I went to Crescent Sushi along with a bunch of friends to celebrate one of my dear friend's B'Day and I must say that my culinary experience was fairly good. It seemed to be a busy Sunday afternoon but we were promptly shown a table for 6 upstairs. The food here is quite tasty and the prices are fairly inexpensive. We ordered an all you can eat buffet, also referred to as their Lunch special for $15 each and by the end of it the girls were talking about skipping dinner and burning extra calories (not me of-course) They do have a really good non-sushi selection but I have had better sushi in the city.   I do recommend to try out their spicy Salmon and Tempura.
3	It is what it is: all-you-can-eat sushi in downtown Montreal. I mean if you're from Vancouver you'll probably think its like the worst sushi experience ever but for us Eastern Canadians who just like to gorge ourselves with spicy salmon rolls it does the trick. My boyfriend and I love sushi--we're regular sushi whores--so we absolutely love AYCE just because we can order as much as we want! Our order is usually the same: two miso soups, a green salad, chicken teriyaki, 20 or so salmon roses, 3 orders of spicy salmon, a Philadelphia roll, maybe a Dynamite (if the tempura is fresh), vegetable tempura, and green tea ice cream to top it all off. We've got it down to a science--even memorizing the menu item numbers you write down on those little pieces of paper! But its definitely not the best. I would stick to the rolls here if I were you, they're dependable. I've had the actual sushi and its not bad but the quality of the fish is definitely not grade-A. The service is better here at Sushi Crescent versus Tokyo Sushi--further along Ste-Catherine towards Concordia--where it is absolutely terrible! Terrible! Here it is marginally better, but again pretty bad. You have to be very forceful, hand them you're order directly (don't wait for them to come to take it). They might try and stick you with stuff you didn't order but tell them right away you actually didn't and they'll take it back. I have a theory, they want you to pay extra for uneaten sushi! Evil they are I tell you, ha! The location is pretty nice actually. I seem to remember that it used to be a bar or lounge and the new owners have kept much of the same interior but added a sushi-prep area both upstairs and down. You might have to wait on weekends as it does fill up fast. Also, they jacked up the price recently. Which was a real piss off. It used to be $15 each and now its like $21 after taxes but before tip. Which is quickly approaching unaffordable territory if you don't order very much.
2	Yelpers got this one right.  Around 2 stars is all it deserves.  Positives - efficient service.  Amazingly fast delivery of our sushi.  Negatives?  Tuna is no where to be found on the menu.  Not yellowtail, not hamachi, not spicy tuna roll, their tunaless!The "house rolls" on the menu had clever names like "kamikazee roll", but there were no descriptions.  Given that the wait staff were not very engaging, the combination of no information (menu) and seemingly no willingness to provide information (servers), that section of the menu was a non-event.  Wimpy wasabi, too.  No spicy kick to worry about here.  The sushi that we did have was OK, but not good enough to make us come back.
5	So surprised to read anything but 5-star reviews on this place.I'm a die-hard Sushi Crescent fan and will defend it forever. All you can eat sushi is the best thing that has happened to man, and Sushi Crescent does a wonderful job of it. Having been to almost every other all you can eat sushi joint in Montreal and Vancouver, I can without a doubt say that this is by far the best. The service is so quick and my waiters have never been anything but friendly.Onto the food..... delicious. amazing. mouth-watering. so good. I've had probably everything on the menu and I can't complain about one thing. On top of the sushi being consistently fresh and delicious, their other dishes like their chicken skewers, gyozas, and deserts are all equally delicious too.I've been a regular at this place for a couple years now and won't be stopping soon.
3	The best thing about this place is the selection.The evening selection includes 168 items,  for about $25.The sushi includes many rolls not normally seen in an AYCE and it's a good thing their menu is now posted online so you can plan ahead.Now this is buffet sushi so the quality was not the best, the biggest letdown being the rice. My first trip a year earlier was far better than this recent one.Some rolls seemed like they were made and then put in the fridge waiting for an order. The rice was very compact and did not dissolve in the mouth.On the plus side, the many non sushi items are pretty good, like tempura shrimp, beef udon noodles and teriyaki.The decor is quite bright and elegant ( I think it was an old Victorian home).The first floor is a bit crowded and the washrooms are tiny, but I would rather be on the first than the second since the service seems quicker with the waiters not having to constantly move up and down.I was pretty happy with the service, very quick and efficient, while not overly friendly.People that complain about AYCE staff should keep in mind how busy and crowded these places are, especially downtown.
2	The only good thing about this place is the ice cream. Because of the all-you-can-eat menu, the staff were busy running around, often forgetting orders. I ordered drinks 4 times from two waiters, was acknowledged each time, but still no drinks came. The all-you-can-eat menu may be vast, but everyone was subpar. Lastly the prices are pretty high and definitely not worth the price.
5	They have the best salmon sushimi.  I really like this place to have sushi bc it is freshly served.  I will be taking my family out here when they come visit.  You have to know how to order to get fast service which is with the pencil and paper.  Try a few than order more to your taste buds!  My favorite are the hand rolls.  You can order as much as you want.  Sushimi is raw, Maki is the rice roll, and Sushi is on top of the rice. I forgot to say its ALL YOU CAN EAT!!
3	Quantity of choices, but quality seems to suffer.
2	The service was nothing to write home about. The server actually seemed pissed off the entire time. We didn't get anyone to take our drink order for almost ten minutes so we got up to leave and the server ran over (from doing nothing) and convinced us to stay...then walked away and still didn't take our drink order!! Besides all of that, the food was decent, came out quickly, and it was all you can eat. Everything was in small portions so if you liked something you could order more. The menu was also huge so there was stuff for everyone. It wasn't the best sushi I had ever had, but it was a cool concept. I think if our service was better, it would have been a better experience.
4	I went here before work one night and was pleasantly surprised.All the dishes I ordered came out quick smart and it was all quite fresh. They didn't mess around with tiny portions of sashimi either which I was more than happy with. The bigger the cuts of salmon sashimi the more happy my belly feels. All in all I ordered way more than I would at a normal sushi restaurant for a whole lot less.P.s. I believe these guys are under the same family as Sushi St-Denis but I'm more of a fan of this spot than the St-Denis restaurant.
4	We went at lunchtime and had to wait for 30 minutes in the freezing cold to get a table. But it was totally worth it! The sushi is freshly made and everything was piping hot and really tasty. The service isn't fantastic but it is so crazy in there. Best sushi place I've visited in Montreal yet.
3	My wife and I tried this place out as tourists in Montreal from Washington, DC. When it comes to sushi, we all want a place that has quality food, great service, nice decor, and affordable...very affordable prices (because we eat so darn much of this stuff). If you want all of the above, skip Sushi Crescent (and dare I say all of the AYCE places). However this is NOT a bad restaurant; read on...and again keep in mind this is an AYCE establishment. Comparing it with a "downtown business-crowd oriented" Japanese restaurant is not an apples-to-apples comparison. I searched online way too long and ended up here because it was close to our hotel.  Will you get your fill? Yes. Is the food good to very good? Yes. The decor is fine and since you're not going there for "ambiance" anyway, it's more than adequate. The service? I was worried to be honest...I read some harsh reviews, but I have to say that our experience was very good to excellent. No one was really "friendly", but I'll take efficiency and competency over friendliness, screwed up orders, and long waiting times any day. We were in & out of there in little over an hour and never waited more than 8 minutes or so for a food order.So what is Sushi Crescent (and I assume their other locations) lacking? Selection. We are not shellfish eaters, nor do we eat meat. So it was salmon, red snapper, salmon, oil fish (like a white tuna), salmon, egg, salmon, tempura, salmon 4 more different ways, and then some more...you guessed it... salmon! I don't get it...where is the tuna, yellowtail, fluke, mackerel, etc? At $26 / pp for dinner that is a steep price to charge even for AYCE and not have a decent variety. I have a AYCE place back home that serves 10 times the variety for $21 pp. This is why I give 3 stars. If Sushi Crescent had more variety to justify the pp charge, I'd give it 4 stars.
5	One the best sushi experience ever.  If you like fast service this is it. You have to keep up with the waiters but well worth it. They don't treat you like royalty but I kinda like that, they are more on the casual side of hurry up and order.
5	Went for lunch, didn't know it was an all-you-can-eat place, was pleasantly surprised!! Really awesome, tasty sushi, and it's a really liberating feeling being able to order whatever you want for $16 CAD.
3	Disclaimer: sushi was amazing! If my rating was based solely on the sushi itself, it would have been a 5.Bestie and I were craving some sushi this afternoon. Did a quick YELP! search today to find some! We were directed to Sushi Crescent. Walked in, were warned it was closing in half an hour - which was fine. We are sushi queens and have no issue speed-ordering. The gentleman who greeted us was very pleasant and welcoming, even though we walked in so late. We were served some water as we sat down; however, not really spoken to by the waitress.  We wrote down our first order, sat it on the edge of the table and waited. A minute passed... 5 minutes passed. The waitress had been in and out of our section a few times by this point. Finally, we had to call her over to take our order. She snatched the paper off our table and disappeared. We were not offered drinks. It was a longer than average wait for the sushi. Which wouldn't have been a bad thing if the restaurant wasn't closing in fifteen minutes. We prepped our last call order of sushi just in case. Sushi and rolls showed up about ten-twelve minutes later. We had to call her back to our table again to take our last call order because she basically threw the plates on our table and turned. The shrimp sushi I had was amazing. Fresh and appetizing. The rolls - dynamite, red dragon, kamikaze, mango salmon, avocado cucumber, and spicy shrimp tempura - were great! They had just enough rice in them! Every flavour could actually be tasted and enjoyed. Overall, the food was great! Definitely recommend to anyone. Last but not least, I had basically just taken my last bite when the waitress showed up again with bills in hand and asked us if we'd like to pay by card. So, being rushed out of the restaurant, we decided to pay by card. Next thing I know, I hear the waitress say 'you know the tip isn't included right?' to my friend. My friend tips in cash, typically after the waiter/waitress leaves our table... As is typical at any reataurant. We were both quite taken aback by this and decided to just get up and leave (we had both completed our transactions btw). We thanked the man who initially seated us and took off. Service = Boo. Food = Great! Do I recommend? Yes. If you are patient enough to wait around and enjoy the atmosphere.
4	This is all you can eatAll.. ALL... you can eatSeriously. And it's good. You'll have sushi coming out of your ears. It gathers quite a crowd on the door on weekends.They sometimes get orders mixed up, but it's a minor issue.And try the ice cream!
4	We stopped in here on a Saturday of a long weekend so we knew it would be busy. We waited for a table for about 15 minutes or so. The host was very efficient if not a little curt. Once we were seated and placed our order it wasn't long before the fod arrived--and it was delish! We tried just about every Maki roll, along with fried tofu (fantastic), tempura and the usual appies.  They missed a few of choices  but they promptly brought them over as soon as we told them.One thing to keep in mind is that the all you eat sushi part deal is over at 3 (final orders in by 250). We were seated at 220 and we didn't have much time to put a second order in. I felt rushed because if this and wished we could have had more time to order and eat.One more annoyance was the fact that he brought our dessert, three bowls of ice cream, to the table before all of our sushi had arrived. This forced us to eat it in the middle of our meal before it melted. How hard would it have been to wait and dish it later?Bottom line food was delish but service was lacking but I wouldn't really expect much more from an all you can eat sushi place on one of the busiest streets in Montreal. Make sure you give yourself enough time to eat as much as you like without feeling rushed.
4	This is the only place I would go to for AYCE sushi. I always have a great time here with my friends. I'm not really a sushi person but their mango salmon roll makes me shoot rainbows outta my mouth (I never thought mango and salmon would be such great combinations together). If you do decide to try this place out, try not to come on a Saturday because the first time I did, there was a pretty long line. There's this one waiter there who is super efficient. I don't think my glass of water ever went half empty. Once you order, the sushi is served pretty quickly.There was this one time where they gave us a super large portion of ice cream (more than we asked for). Let's just say we had an ice cream coma afterwards. Nonetheless, you can't go wrong with AYCE sushi here.
2	Alright, please don't hate on me.  Coming from the Toronto area, where there is an abundance of AYCE sushi joints, I have fairly high expectations for service at AYCE sushi joints (each order should be served within 10-15 minutes).  Likes:-The sushi was pretty decent as was the popcorn chicken.  It was fresh.  -Once you place your order, they give you an electronic print out of what you ordered, so you can tick it off to make sure you got it. Dislikes:-Way too loud in here.  It's packed but it's so loud, the servers can't hear you.-It took just over 30 minutes for our first order to arrive and it wasn't that much.  -We placed the 2nd order right after that as we didn't want to wait another 30 minutes.  We only got a portion of our order after another 40 minutes.  For most Toronto AYCE joints, you have 2 hour limits but you get your food very fast. If this place has a 2 hour limit, then it's not good as all as it shouldn't take that long to get your order out.  -Servers just dump dishes on your table.  Granted, they are busy, but it needs to be at least respectable.  I find it quite rude to just dump dishes on your table. Overall summary: While it is only $15.99, I find that you probably won't get your money's worth unless you order everything upfront.  Not really great value.
3	16$ lunch excluding tax...well, basically u get what u pay for, simple as that...very simply made selection of stuff, nothing exotic...its all u can eat, so no problem there...watch out for the high amount of rice that easily makes ya full...personally given my exotic taste in food (ehem ehem), id say it sucks...but given what i pay for, its A-ok...
2	Just finished our all-you-can-eat dinner here and I can sum up the place to disorganized service compensated by decent food.  As with an restaurant, efficiency and accuracy of service is a leading indicator of the success of the establishment and this place really struggled in this area.  On a relatively quiet Tuesday afternoon, with only a quarter of the second floor occupied, it took them more than 40 minutes to serve our food.  And some of that is sashimi which requires minimum preparation.  Not only was the food served unusually late, 4 of the items we ordered never came.  We had to ask the waiter to check their status, an hour later.  The place also charges all children regardless of age, and we had two 20-month old babies that were sufficiently charged, but not fed as service was very slow.  Having eaten sushi in more than two dozen cities, I would not recommend this place.
3	Pretty nice place. The sushi here were fresh and tasty. Nice presentation. The rolls were good too! I was here 2 days ago upon writing this review and I was with a friend that time. We had a good time here and we were both satisfied with our fill of sushi here.
4	A classic AYCE sushi spot for Montreal. Although definitely on the pricey side ($20 lunch and $35 dinner, after tax and tips), I would still recommend it for your sushi cravings (especially for raw fish) because of the quality. The sashimi simply look and taste fresh. Also, unlike other places where I found the salmon sashimi cut into tiny strips, Sushi Crescent give you them in nice big chunks. It's AYCE anyway, why so stingy? Details, details. And for this detail alone, I give Sushi Crescent thumbs up.
4	The sushi was good, but not the greatest. I really liked a lot of it, but the deep fried ones were too crispy and a little too burnt.
3	Not bad place Lot of choicesBut sushi is ok not too great Ok for groupFried foods are great.Few dessert available (only ice cream with different flavor) but good enough
