4	Lately I've been so busy that I haven't even had the chance to get my eyebrows done for 3 weeks. I actually came to this plaza to get some prints at Office Depot and saw the eyebrow threading sign, so I figured I could fit it into my schedule. I surprisingly had a great experience here. I say "surprisingly" because the eyebrow threading was only 5 bucks, which is half the average price, so I wasn't expecting anything great. I just wanted my eyebrows to stop looking like a hot mess for my birthday. There was only one lady inside and no customers when I came in, so I was helped immediately. Shortly after I sat down, a man came in to get his eyebrows done, so he had to wait a bit. The lady was very fast and VERY pain free. I almost thought she wasn't really doing anything because I could hardly feel my hairs being pulled out. Before I knew it, she was done. I looked in the mirror and was very happy with the result. Out of the 3 different eyebrow threading salons I've been to in the past couple of months, this is the only one that managed to make my eyebrows look nice, even, and very well groomed. This was also the only lady that didn't make any comments about my eyebrows being jacked up. She simply worked her magic and left me with some lovely eyebrows. If this place wasn't so far from my house, I'd probably be here regularly.
5	The is the closest eyebrows r us to where I live so I am always here. It is always the same lady, she is nice and does a good job. Getting eyebrows threaded beats waxing ANY DAY!
5	Best place to get ur eyebrows done for the fraction of the price... Definitely a place you "HAVE"to check out!!
5	I have tried a handful of eyebrow threading places here in Vegas and Eyebrows R Us is the one I keep coming back to. The value is incredible, it is just $7 and even less if you purchase 4 at once ($25 for four visits). My eyebrows always come out looking fantastic and I am never left with random stray hairs that I find and have to tweeze myself at home, which is an issue I almost always have everywhere else. The shop is a very humble place and is not very glamorous, but don't let appearances deter :). Great work, great prices, and you will be in and out so fast!
5	Only 1 lady working named Kim, she's amazingly made my day ;-) she fixed my un-even eyebrows into nice look... It only takes 5min to do all of that! Def will come here regularly!
4	The lady did a decent job... was patient with my 15 month old daughter and gave her a quaternary for candy.... that was nice I think I found my eyebrow place since I moved from California 3 months ago.
5	I've gotten my eyebrows waxed and threaded at many different places and here is by far the BEST in quality and price. The woman here does an amazing job. She takes her time and always SHAPES my brows perfectly every time.The only problem is that this place is out the way for me. I went to an "eyebrows r us" closer to my home in the southwest thinking it would be the same price and quality. That was a mistake! It costed $3 more, it was rushed, and it wasn't shaped well. The drive here is sooo worth it. This woman is an eyebrow expert! Highly recommended. :) She does a beautiful job every single time.
