5	Clean, well lighted shop, not a huge selection of everything, just enough, like a neighborhood market, which they are.The packaging of all products is good, and the staff makes the you feel comfortable, something all small markets should have along with decent pricing in a clean environment.  You can find good food in this shop, much less expensive  than Whole Foods, that seems to have many similar items.JR
3	it's ok... i love their hormone free meat.! very reasonably priced. but everything else is ok... garlic in threes? i wanna chose and pick my produce how ever and how many i want it. i still have to go to whole foods for better selection but i do shop here and use their coupons. love the garlic naan and chocolate biscotti... one of their staff makes an amazing sampling of what is in the store.love fresh & easy but not too crazy about it.
3	I don't think they did much to redecorate it after they signed the lease.  It looks like they rolled right in, set up some white plastic costco shelves and opened up shop.  I went in because they are supposed to have a vegan selection.hmmm, all I found was a field green salad.  at least lunch only cost me 2.29...price wise, not that much better than WF. Selection much more minimal.at least, the WF brand is cheap.  You can buy their WF organic brand and not spend a gazillion dollars.I'll go back for their 2.29 salad.  Can't beat that price anywhere.well, actually I can.  the salad bar at WF I only spend 4 dollars and I get beets, balsamic onions, eggless tofu, spinach, peas, nuts....
5	This place is awesome! It reminds me of a new age store. It's very clean and neat haha. I remember picking up a 6 pack of chicken legs for less than $5, can't go wrong with that right? Also, they have a self checkout. I'm a sucker for that.
5	This place is so simple and quaint. I love it.It's also clean, easy to find what you need, and good products. The products are limited to a few brands but they're brands that I would normally purchase. I've noticed that they didn't have any Red Bull but besides that I still like F&E. Prices are ultra fair too.
4	Great store! I love the prices and the coupons, although I wish they would accept outside coupons. Their selection of stuff is not as wide as big stores, but the quality of what they carry is much better. The pre-made dinners, sandwiches and salads are all excellent. I have become a big fan of several Fresh and Easy brand items, such as their sauces, pesto, and their ice cream. Some stuff I like so much that I could not go back to another store. The staff is super friendly and they often pass out stickers and coloring books and crayons to kids (big plus for me!!). The only negative I have is that a lot of their household goods seem overpriced. I can do my weekly grocery shopping at Fresh and Easy but I usually have to pick up some slack at Target or Kmart.
4	This Fresh & Easy is such a fantastic market to shop at.  It is so well organized and spaced throughout the entire building.  Besides being "easy" to work your way around the store, F&E has a great selection and offers all quality ingredients on their store brands.  They eliminate a lot of the processed foods in the store and leave behind quality products and great prices; fantastic.
5	This place opened was giving out like $5 and $10 coupons if you spent like NO money, man, did that save me a huge amount of cash when they were doing that. Who wouldn't go to Fresh and Easy?!At this location they had a Wachovia ATM next to one of their windows. Someone one late night about 4- 6 months in, backed their truck in the window and dragged that mofo out of there. But how? That isn't like some intersection that has nobody there? It is on Eastern Avenue and Warm Springs - They should build a donut shop there - cops are there ALL THE TIME. I don't know if the crime was ever solved, but I thought it was kind of humorous that they put that ATM next to the window.
5	Moved to this zip code just three days ago. And turns out, Fresh and Easy was only 5 minutes walk from my house and this is by FAR the best store I've found in my neighborhood. (BANZAI!!!)All their seafood, veggies, fruits, and prepackaged meals are great but the one thing I absolutely love about this place is the Today's Special section. Bascially it's 50% off on selected products that is near the due date, but still not quite. Though it is discount for an extremely cheap price! Like two days ago, when I went to see what was their Today's Special products, I see ginger soy shrimp salad for $.60 and the original price was $3.99. I thought to myself, what a steaaaaaal! So from then on, I get my 5 minute exercise every day in hopes of finding something delicious, healthy and cheap. (And I always do. :D)Did I also mention the employees are always super friendly and smiley everytime they see you? It's amazing to find a neighborhood market that have great quality products and workers that just makes my grocery shopping experience that much better.
