5	Brand new, this TB opened last week and still has the clean. I think they chose the location well because the place has been packed every time I have driven by. Still sparkly and un-vandalized on the inside and the staff hasn't learned how to ignore customers or to let the sauces get unstocked. We'll see how they do in a year.
5	This is the best taco bell i have ever been to.Always clean with a very friendly staff.
3	Food was true to its name but service was super slow.
5	Comparing to "other" Taco Bells, this is one of the best I have been too.  The store is clean, the menu offers all the usual Taco Bell foods, and the staff is generally friendly.  From the items I have ordered from the menu, I haven't had any issue where portions were less than expected.  Likewise with special orders made like "easy onion" or "no red sauce," I have yet to return an item to the counter to have it fixed.  So overall I give it five stars.
1	Would you like some Tacos Caballos with that Mexican Pizza? I don't mind eating meat as long as I know WHAT kind of meat it is. Back in 2011, there was a class action lawsuit against Taco Bell after it was revealed that the "beef" was only 36 percent cattle flesh, is one of three new meat products found to contain horsemeat.I suggest that you stay away from ALL fast food and eat good healthy food. It'll make you have better sex!
3	To say that this was the slowest fast food I have ever encountered would not be an understatement... I stopped off here for a quick bite because we needed to head out of town and usually when we go here; it's fast and delicious with a friendly staff... This visit was neither... lolI got there on the end of some customer service dispute... Apparently, this means instead of the customary easy going vibe I'm used to, I walked right into the snarkiest place of the day... The patron and employee were still attempting to "kill each other with kindness," but not genuine kindness... The kind that says, keep talking and I'm coming across that counter with a broken taco shell at your carotid... I think the cashier was a little disoriented by what had gone down before I got there because I repeated my order at least three times and she still got it wrong... I ordered a Nachos Bell Grande with no sour cream, a Beefy Nacho griller and the Doritos box... The Doritos box was for the boyfriend and his food was fine... I got a Nachos Supreme and the griller thing... The griller had to have been made quite some time ago because none of the corn chips were still crispy, so I didn't even finish it... And the Nachos Supreme is a smaller version of the food I wanted... I was hungry as hell, but all out of food... And there is something really wrong with their drink machine in the dining room... I got a Pepsi and a fruit punch... That fruit punch tasted like someone drained it through a real life sweaty sweatsock...  I couldn't even drink half of it...Anyway, I gave them three stars because I couldn't go two and a half... But I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt and say this was just a one time thing... I don't know what was going on in there the other day, but I hope it's over in case I go back...
4	I can't believe I'm going to say this but I was very impressed with this Taco Bell! To be fair my expectations were very low based on past experiences at other locations where I was barely helped, the food was cold and more often than not wrong. However, this location really changed my mind. Stopped in during Happy Hour...where all medium drinks are $1 and decided to get a Mountain Dew Baja Blast, nachos and chicken burrito. Now, I can only speak for the drive thru but on my visit service was fast and very helpful. In previous reviews many said that the drive thru was pretty slow and inefficient. But, the young man that helped me was very pleasant, he greeted me confirmed my order and said thank you! When I got to the window, he was smiling and waiting, we swapped money for my bag of goodies and drink and I was on my merry way! Literally five minutes tops...perhaps it was just a good day?!?! Whatever the case I'm not complaining! The Mountain Dew Baja Blast was a little different than what I was expecting...it's like a Slurpee ( 7-11...YUM) but lacked the flavor I was looking for, literally after three sips all the syrup and flavor was gone and I was stuck with shaved ice...not great but I will give it another chance. As for the food, my order was prepared correctly and was hot! I really enjoyed it.Totally will be back to this location!
5	Ok ya so I'm reviewing a freaking Taco Bell...But I am impressed. They are the nicest folk here. Can be slow when it's a large crowd but the short lady (I am tall) and I have a running joke about our heights. End story: this ain't your typical don't give a crap tb. This is a great place!
3	Good is same as you would expect...time it takes to GET in your hands is far longer than expected....10 min for a guy to make 2 tacos and a combo burrito. Clearly they need staffing assistance...I was the only customer inside and there were 5 cars waiting in drive thru. Again. Good food. Orders are correct 9/10 times.
1	Very disappointing!!!!!  I ordered a chicken chalupa and received a lettuce chalupa. Must be something new. Lol!!!!
4	Yep sometimes Taco Bell is what you get when you want a good taco on the run.
5	Drive through time was pretty decent. The food was very well put together. I was given more than enough sauce to cover what I had ordered. Overall it was one of the best taco bells I have been too. I would recommend it to anybody trying to get their taco fix. Btw the quessarito is banging!
1	It was 10pm...Order was all jacked up..even after saying it 5 times! ..When we realized something was left out..they asked us to come back around and go through the drive thru again!...Uuuuhhmm soooo why do I need to do that???...So my hubby parked the car and went in. I got home and the taco was soggy at the bottom. .taste like it was made hours ago!  And my drink was all seltzer water...OMGEEEE!  I so hate paying for something that's not right! ..we took the drink back and they gave me a large...whoopi!!!..won't be going back late night again.
4	Let me start off my review by stating the obvious - this is Taco Bell. You have probably formed an opinion on this fast food chain long ago. This review is location specific.I will also mention I don't eat fast food often, probably once a month if that. I hadn't had Taco Bell in years but had a sudden craving one day at work so I drove over.The location is in a new building, and it probably took me more time to decide what to order than it did for them to prepare it. It is great when fast food is actually fast! I sat down and ate my food, which was typical Taco Bell fare, except too much sour cream and off center fillings. It didn't take me long to eat but in that time someone came around and wiped down the tables. The lady sweeping the floor even gave me a polite "have a good day!" as I left. As far as I am concerned this is the best Taco Bell can be - fast, clean and friendly!
