5	Great practice and awesome Dr. We have been seeing Dr. Conti since day 1 for our child. He is fantastic and I couldn't ask more from a doctor. He cares and listens and is really interested in my sons well being. He also gave us his personal cell number and pager. We have called him numerous times and he has been very helpful even if we called late at night. Dr. Conti is the best. They have another doc there but we have only seen Conti. As for the office staff and other medical staff, they are all friendly and helpful. I highly recommended this place for a  pediatrician
2	Been coming here for 10+ yrs (3 kids) & since Dr Conti's death, this practice is failing fast.  Longer waits ( fewer people waiting) staff has gotten RUDE!  Time to look for a new Dr.
2	This review is based on my first visit. My husband and I brought our 2 week old daughter for her first visit. We had a 10am appointment with Dr. Garcia. We waited in the well children waiting room for about 20 minutes when my daughter started to get fussy. I asked for a room so I could nurse my baby, and they were quick and helpful to get me into a private room! However, we had to change rooms in the middle of her feeding :/. We were taken to another room, and waited another hour for an assistant to come and take my baby's temp, and were told to undress her so the Doctor could come in and check her. We did. And we waited....and waited....and waited. Did I mention the room was freezing cold? I had my daughter as covered and swaddled as possible, and she was still so cold, poor baby :(. Dr Garcia finally came in, about 12:15pm, 2 hours past our appointment time! Surprisingly, I really liked Dr Garcia. She was friendly, thorough, and gentle with my baby. The entire appointment took a total of 3 hours, which is completely ridiculous. But I did end up liking the pediatrician. Also, the staff isn't very friendly :/Let's see how our second appointment goes!
4	Love Dr. Garcia! We've been going to Foothills Pediatrics since our oldest was born; she is now 2.5, and we now have our baby #2 who we, of course, bring in to see Dr. Garcia as well. Dr. Garcia sees a ton of patients, and always remembers our girls. She also always has the time to sit and answer all our questions and concerns. I must say that the front office staff has gotten a lot better since Dr. Conti, and I think there is still room for improvement. BUT...they will not keep me from seeing our favorite pediatrician, Dr. Garcia.
