4	Mr Goodcents is such a guilty pleasure if mine. I just love how squishy their white bread is! The bread pairs well with all of the deli meats they slice to order. Simple, fresh and way tastier than many of the other chain (you know who you are) sub shops.
4	A surprisingly simple setup that blows air-bending slaps around it's world-wide franchise counterparts. The bread is soft and bears no resemblance to any yeasty aromas of it's SUB-par rivals while the deli meats are sliced on the spot. You can't really go wrong with that alone.
4	Mr. Goodcents has delicious crisp subs. The meat and cheese are cut right in front of you and the bread is made fresh. The califonia sub is my favorite.
1	What a disgrace this Restaurant is. The minute we walked in, their was a "bunch" of Teenager Employee's hanging around laughing and doing Nothing. When the floor and the table's were dirty. It looked like a "bunch of kid's hanging out". They ALL walked in the back room, when they seen us, walk in with "our family". We bought a "Foot Long Roast Beef Sandwich" and a Bag of Chip's. The Kid said, "He did not have any White Bread". I could only choose Wheat or Rye Bread. Well, we don't like Wheat or Rye Bread. But we took Wheat Bread. Then "Our Sandwich had such "Paper, Paper-Thin" Meat and Cheese inside of it. It was disgusting. I felt like we PAID for a BUNCH of LETTUCE, TOMATOE'S AND PICKLE'S WITH BREAD". It was Terrible.The Cheese and the Meat were PAPER, PAPER-THIN. It was a JOKE !And the Potatoe Chip's are Like $1.00 Each and ALL YOU GET, is a 1/4 of a Bag. Come On, Mr. Good Cent's. Quit Ripping Off the People. Never, again.
3	This is an interesting sandwich place that I have tried a few times. The sandwiches are pretty good, but the prices seem a little expensive to me for what it is. I like their brownies, but the cookies weren't all that good. It can take awhile to get your sandwich, as the line didn't move very fast when I was there. The employees are friendly though and that makes for a pleasant experience.
5	I can't even imagine going to that "green and gold" place again!Super friendly and absolutely delicious sandwiches!  I ordered a typical turkey sub with provolone and it was made to perfection.  The fact that they slice the deli meat to order was the kicker for me.  The bread is perfection...soft and has great flavor.  Do yourself a favor, have some good sense and head to Mr. Goodcents!
5	Wow! I will never go to Subway ever again. We've been on a Jersey Mike's kick but thought we would try out Mr. Goodcents since it's pretty close to home. When I arrived, the staff was very helpful in letting me know about their sizes, etc. since I had never been there before. We ended up getting a turkey sandwich and a cheesesteak. I was dying to try the pasta but that will be next time. The sandwiches were amazing; the meat was fabulous quality (sliced right there in the store!), the bread was soft and warm...they were very literally the perfect subs.The great service coupled with the awesome food, and at a VERY reasonable price earn this restaurant 5 stars. Love it!
