4	My family and I were out and about and I mentioned a steak dinner. My wife, taking me seriously took me to Steaks R Us because she'd seen their grand opening sign. When we arrived the place was empty which made us a little leery about eating there. However our stomachs were equally empty and steak sounded good so we gave it a chance.I'm glad we did. After ordering at the counter we had a seat. A simple but tasty salad was brought to us. In a few more minutes, they delivered our steaks to the table. I had the 8oz sirloin, cooked to medium. I cut into it and found that it was the perfect shade of pink in the middle for a medium steak. When I popped the first piece into my mouth I was shocked. The steak was steakhouse quality, if not just a little bit better. It was juicy, savory, and absolutely delicious.My wife had the steak tips and she was very pleased with those too. Our dinners came with salads, baked potatoes, and a dinner roll. They have a soda fountain for free refills. In a way, the place combines an almost fast food set up with fine quality meat. The prices aren't bad at all and you most definitely get what you pay for. Well worth the try.And they deliver!
1	My husband and I entered the Steaks R Us building and were suprised to see it empty.  The advertisement stated it was dine-in, but we were directed by the staff to order our meal at the front counter, even after I stated we wanted to dine-in.  The gentleman took our order and added a 18% tip onto the check for himself!  I did a quick math in my head and asked if he added a tip on the check for himself.  With a straight face he said, "We are supposed to add a tip on the check."  We had just ordered 2 Porterhouse steaks!!!!  He gave himself a over $11.00 tip for making us order our food at the counter!!!!BEWARE!!!
3	It was maybe two months after this place opened that I decided to give it a try.  I didn't go to the restaurant, opting instead to use their delivery.  I placed a large order for two (~$80) and the food was ready and delivered withing 30-45 minutes.  The food was of decent restaurant quality and definitely a good place to get steaks, but it was no where near the quality you would get from Texas Roadhouse or Outback and neither is the price.  I'd definitely recommend trying them if you are looking for a cheat, good steak fix.
