4	I love this place, state-of-the-art and home to a lot of the sports of UW-Madison. It has great spacious seats, lots of places to eat and grab some beer, and lots of bathrooms. The downsides is that it could be a bit (population wise) bigger. It seems like it doesn't hold that many people but maybe it is the design. The flooring itself is quite interesting I have found as it is an ice arena that is maintained year round even when basketball is played on top of it!
5	Great place for college sports.
5	Even though it doesn't have the old fashioned charm of the Field House, The Kohl Center is a fantastic place to watch a Sporting event.  I have been here for several things and have had a great time every time!  The Wheelchair seating is fantastic and I love the fact that they have options at all price points. The staff is always friendly and helpful, too.  The food options are the best I've had at any College Venue. I always save room for an Ice Cream Cone from The Sweet Shoppe!
4	Despite the size of the Kohl Center it is a great environment to watch some Big 10 basketball!  It is on the bigger end of basketball arenas for the Big 10 conference.  It is number 3 in size behind Ohio State and Indiana.The students are into the game which is nice to see.  There are even decent views of the court from the high up sections.
4	Showin' my school spirit!Cause that's how I roll. And this is the place to do it. Beautiful facility. Smaller than you may imagine but full of Badger pride!
1	Until the University of Wisconsin can convince the band director to retire, the Kohl Center will continue to decline as an exciting and intimidating place to watch Big Ten basketball.  I have probably attended 99% of the men's games played at Kohl Center, and there has been a steady and rapid decline in atmosphere over the past three seasons.  Every single game, and I mean EVERY SINGLE GAME, the game day routine is exactly the same.  Half the student seats are empty for at least 75% of the games, probably because they are sick of being forced to do the Time Warp dance again, and again and again.  If I have to watch Space Wisconsin played at the under-8 timeout in the second half and kill any life in the building during big game, I might just have to become a Marquette fan.  Fun and excitement are currently dead at Kohl Center.
4	It's hard not to be sentimental about the Kohl Center - I love going to hockey games, I love how awesome the atmosphere is when it's full and the band is going nuts and I love the Badgers. But the building itself - can kind of be a pain in the butt. I mean, it's not really any better or worse than any other big stadium I've been too, but it does have its quirks. If I'm being nitpicky, for non-students, the parking situation is atrocious. There are inexplicable railings in the 300 level that pretty much block my whole view while sitting down, making me think no one actually USED the seats before they finished the whole thing off. I don't think there's any rhyme or reason as to where the restrooms are put (sometimes I can pass two or three men's rooms before finding the ladies room), the sensors on the sinks in the restroom NEVER work, the placement of some of the concessions lead to serious concourse traffic jams and the cement stairs are kind of treacherous in the winter months. But the atmosphere always more than makes up for those things and you don't really notice them, so there's that.
4	Attended my first ever Badger hockey game on Fri night and loved it. Loved this cute stadium and all of the traditions but if I'm writing a critique (and I think I am)- I'm removing a star for the parking situation. It's bad. And expensive. And pricey. And downright confusing, especially for out-of-staters. But I did like the family feel of the Kohl Center and the variety of concessions and the souvenir shop. Everyone was friendly and the lines, while maybe long, were running quickly. I do wish we could have had a few beers, though. Overall, I enjoyed the experience and hope to be back.
4	Came here to see a Wisconsin hockey game with some friends who live up this way.  It was a super clean arena (let's face it, I've been in some nasty arenas!) and your feet didn't stick to the floors!   Awesome turnaround time too as there was a Wisconsin/Michigan basketball game earlier in the day, and we arrived at 6:30 for the hockey game.  Of course, the ice was softer than normal (poor kids were sliding EVERYWHERE!), but that's to be expected with a full house basketball game earlier that day.  Consessions were decently priced, and everyone was friendly.
4	Home to the Badger's hockey and basketball team, this place is nice and clean, fairly easy to find, and has some nice displays, too.I haven't been here for a basketball game, but I have been here for plenty of hockey games. The tickets are always a good value for the kinds of seats you can get. From my 10+ different experiences here the bathrooms are cleaner than what you'd expect and the seating area is usually pretty clean--no sticky floors here!There's plenty of concession areas, including separate areas for hotdogs/nachos/pretzels/etc. and areas for sweets. This is, however, a dry stadium so don't expect to find any alcohol being sold.There's plenty of entrances around the building, which helps to avoid the pushing and general impatience that happens when you go to sporting events at other places. Ample parking all around, you can park on the street or in a parking garage nearby. Most of the time the parking garages all cost the same amount and most are nice and toasty during the wintertime.Now go cheer on the Badgers!
5	I've known all the words to "On Wisconsin" from the age of 4 and I cry when "Varsity" is sung. I love you Wisconsin! You are family, you are life.On Wisconsin!
1	Nickel and dime you. Water $4.00 for 20oz bottle. Don't allow you to bring in your own empty water container. No re-entry for an all day high school event forces you to eat what they serve at their prices.  What about those financially stressed that want to support their kids.  WIAA please find another location every high school family can afford to watch state finals and not have to spend an arm and a leg to watch their state qualified high school wrestlers compete.
4	UW Men's Hockey!I'm not even a UW student or alum, but I love the atmosphere of this place during a hockey game. The students are really rowdy and that chants are a mix of hilarious and incensing.Surprisingly, the place almost never seems dirty, even near the end of a game. The bathrooms always seem relatively clean, too, which is really surprising.The food is decent for a sports arena, if overpriced (hey, you're captive at the game, what are you gonna do?).Considering the price of a hockey game here, it's a reasonably inexpensive and very fun way to kill an evening.
