5	Just your typical warehouse club right?  I guess that depends on your definition of typical.  Sam's club has hours just for buisness members starting at 7:00am.  You can also fax in or go online and have them shop for you.  All you do is go in a pay for it.They have a few membership levels- Business, Gold Member and Premium.  The Premium level you earn 2% back on all your purchases.  They do give you two cards for the price that you pay, so you can go in with a neighbor and each get a card.In addition to electronics, photo lab, optical center, bakery, meat department, they also have a little know "clearance" section at each Sam's.  You just have to know where it is.  Also when they are clearancing out merchandise, the price will end in a "1".  Most common is .71 or .81.   At this Sam's club you need to also go down the aisles to look for things on sale, as well as the end caps.They do discount their meat the day before they need to pull it from the shelves.  They also will give cookies to children.My boys also love the cafe where they get their "pizza and drink please."  Their menu has changed  a lot lately though and I am not sure if I like it.  Prices are very reasonable though.They also have gasoline pumps outside which if you know your prices can be a good thing!If you are not satified with your membership, you can cancel at anytime and they will prorate your membership refund.  Their refund policy is really good as well.
1	Recently my Sam's Club membership under my former business expired and I was contemplating renewing on my own. I had pretty much decided to renew once payday came around since I've been a member for 7 years and haven't had too many issues with the store.Today, however, changed my mind and I will be activating a membership with Costco. I had purchased 4 brand new tires from Sam's Club last February. About a week ago I noticed that my tire was low, so I put air in it. Then a few days later it was low again,so I knew it needed to be fixed. Without hesitation, I drove to Sam's Club to have the auto center fix it since it was a tire I had purchased from there less than one year ago.I run in to get out of the rain with my 4 month old baby and approach the service person at the counter, who was definitely not wanting to be working or something, didn't even greet me and acted like I was bothering him. I tell him the scenario and he scans my Sam's Club card. Of course it didn't come up since my membership has expired and I haven't had a chance to renew yet. Immediately he informs me he can't help me, and that's it. So I say, "But I bought the tire from you? Really? You're going to send a woman with a baby back out to drive in a downpour with a flat tire, not even offering to put air in it?" The utter disregard was unbelievable!So there you have it. I cannot fathom doing business with a company with such horrible customer service.
1	So I saved a couple of bucks, or did I by going to Sam's Optical.  The optometrist is only there on Saturdays, so they can't confirm your prescription unless he is there?  When I asked for my written prescription, they wouldn't give it to me and I was standing right in front of them because the Optometrist wasn't there.  Also I ordered some contacts, and when I went to pick them up, they couldn't find them.  I insisted they keep looking and half an hour later, they finally located them.  By the way, they had called me to tell me they were in.  Now I realize their prices aren't that good anyway.  Don't waste your time, saving what isn't that much money.
4	Being from out of state, I noticed that this Sam's Club had cheaper prices on most items in comparison to locations in MN. We were hoping to find an Xbox console with the new Kinect bundle, but they were out of ALL Xbox consoles altogether! :( Also being from MN, it was unusual to see the liquor sold in the store as opposed to a separate space next door. They seemed to have a great selection both beer and hard liquor. We picked up some beer for our vacation and bought a bottle of tequila (brand not sold in MN) that we could bring home with us since it was such a good price!
3	While I'm a Costco die-hard, Sam's does have a couple of things going for it. It's never nearly as crowded as the nearby Costco, and the lines are always quite manageable. Sam's also has some great prices on liquor, and tobacco - $6.79 for 6oz of "Pipe" tobacco (rolling tobacco).... is AWESOME. If yer going to eat at the snack bar, just forget the pizza. It's hideous. They do sling Nathan's Hot Dog's for some insanely low price though.. and everybody loves a Nathan's Hot Dog, at an insanely low price! Right? :D
4	Just signed back up after a year off, I have missed the jumbo pack of TP.
5	I love this place because I can be in and out in 10-15 minutes.  Everyone there has a smile on their face.  I really love the convinience factor of Sams Club.
4	Service is ok, prices are great on gas and merchandise.
4	Where to begin here that has not been said before.Well, lots of parking.  A nice big clean container of wipes for your cart and your hands. I really like that.The store is laid out well. I went to every point to get what I wanted and there it was.The only thing I really couldn't find was some really good fruit. It looked a bit on the old side. So I passed that up.But, lots to choose from all over the store. Processed,packaged items. Fresh meat and vegetables.  Baked goods, you can even order cakes for all types of parties.Rest rooms are clean and the check out people are really nice. They smile and say hello, and thank you.Hey, Sam's Club, thanks for making it easy.
4	Always really friendly staff, easy to slip in and out with items you need. Location is perfect for me. I can't really say too much about it after all it is just a Sam's Club. Love how you can go on the sample days and pretty much eat lunch during your shopping trip!! I believe thursdays and fridays? Anyhow, store is clean too, clean stores always earn a bonus star. Staff isn't too pushy like some clubs about their stupid premium membership, and this I appreciate. I don't want to be asked 100X even after saying no. This club gets that. Overall a good club.
4	Cheap prices if you want to buy in bulk...Also, the prices at the cafeteria are good...
