5	Tiffany and Eric showed up early in the morning and went to work as I sat in my Den working away. Before I knew it a few hours had passed and they were finished. We had some nasty looking ring scratches around the door handles on the wife's Charcoal colored SUV and so far nobody's been able to get rid of them. Well, they're gone now. My convertible looks REAL nice inside and out. I highly recommend this small business. Keep it local!
1	Tiffany is a liar and the detailer is a moron. I am disabled and have a vehicle that has a starting sequence. I purchased the coupon so I would not have to spend my day at a detail store for 4 hours. Nobody drives my vehicle. When I purchased the coupon I wrote that in the coupon explicitly. Well the company detailer came and I gave him the remote because there is no key. I told him touch nothing on the keypad. Do not try to move my car as the brake and accelerator pedals are reversed. well 10 min later I hear my alarm ( the horn beeps during malfunctions) Then a knock on my door to move the car. I go out and my ramp is malfunctioning? It won't come down! I asked" did you touch my keypad? he said he did nothing. I was able to get the ramp down after several minutes. I get my powerchair  into my  car and then tried to transfer into the drivers seat but the seat was moved! Again I asked "did you try to move the car?" AGAIN no! I look at the keypad it was activated and jammed in reverse! Finally he admitted it! He had to have pushed a red button to wake up the system, the pushed the accept button, the pushed the start button, the pushed the green button until the car started. Then he grabbed the shifter to put it in reverse that did nothing!, the pushed the right brake and the "R" on the key pad, then shut off the car! That Lying Idiot! Then I could not get the ramp down as I tried every trick and after 20 min it went down.I told Tiffany and she said Marvin would pay for the damage as he is an independent contractor! I said no you are liable as I have no contract with him I have one with you!I gave her the company that fixes my car and she was told what happened and assured me she would pay. well Monday morning and about $150 bucks in a service call later. She first said they would do a free detail and I replied that that's $30 short plus I lost my car for a day! She then says " well we don't do handicap vehicles because of the liability!" get a refund from Amazon but we won't do your car. You can just take us to court. I am very disappointed that they would do this to a disabled man. This is reprehensible!How absurd Tiffany! So I paid $114  to get a detailer to come out to scam him into paying for the company to drive out to me and reset the ECM? I never said I would sue your detailer. I am a retired Doctor. I got a refund from Amazon. Your Man scrabbled my system! there was no "repair" or malfunction as I drive every day! I gave you the opportunity to send a new detailer out (that I paid for) and then you pay the service call to fix what your man created. I gave you that chance! I even was willing to accept (a free detail 6 months later you offered but you pay me the difference 30Bucks!) I was very reasonable and You would have earned my business by doing the right thing. Now I will have The Ability center repair center you spoke to Pam and Cliff back me up. You can still do the right thing! OR i can spend an hour a day posting my sad story. everywhere.........
1	Purchased voucher through Amazon Local about a month ago to have the detail done at home. When we scheduled the first appointment I called Tiffany when the crew was not there 15 after the scheduled time. She explained that they had car trouble and that I would have to reschedule. That was fine but I was annoyed that I had to call to follow up and figure all of that out. Today was the reschedule and again 15 minutes after the scheduled time I called Tiffany and was asked to notify her if they did not show up in 15 minutes. Why is this my responsibility?  So, they did not show up and the best customer service through all of this was with Amazon when I called to refund my vouchers. It was instant and I would not recommend using this company.
1	I used this company a few months back and this is the first negative review (unfortunately) that I've given on Yelp. the first appointment had to be rescheduled due to lack of personnel available. The person they finally did send out (Martin) was an independent contractor. I went over all the areas I wanted cleaned (both interior & exterior). I left to do errands and came back when Martin said he would be finished. The car actually looked WORSE that before, with completely hazy windows, water spots on the exterior, and NOTHING had been done to the interior. I called Tiffany immediately and she said she said she wasn't able to send anyone out but could I email her photos. I did as requested, and she offered to do a different detail but would need still need to charge me. I'd already paid for detail via Amazon Local, and now she wanted me to pay her more?? Bottom line- do not use this company.
1	PLEASE AVOID AT ALL COSTS!  As some of the other posts have mentioned, these people are complete liars and their "business" is a total scam.I was really busy and just wanted my car cleaned.  Had I taken the time to properly do my research, I would've noticed all of the negative reviews.  I ended up with the exact same experience as Jacqueline S. (please read her review).In short, this company needs to be shut down for not doing what they promise and then not taking any pride in their work.  A complete waste of money.  Pay a kid $20 and you'll get a cleaner car.
1	Really bad "detailing" job.  Seriously a waste of money and when I called to complain about my service I can't get an answer or a return call from Tiffany or the technician, Martin.  My carpet was left soaking, the stains didn't come out of my cloth seats at all, the vacuuming job was a joke and the bugs were still smashed on the grill and mirrors on the outside.  Seriously, I could have driven my car through one of those $3. car washes for the same result.  Avoid this company!  They are a scam.
5	WOW, I arranged a full detail for our 2005 Toyota tacoma double cab with Tiffany before I read the reviews on here.   Tiffany was very responsible and fit us in quickly.  The price was great and they threw in odor removal for free.   Eric, the detailer, was right on time and spent over five hours working on "Ole Blue."  Ole Blue has never had a spa day and he is much happier out in the backcountry on a rough off road trail.  He has quite a few scratches on him and his owner smokes cigars which can leave an awful smell.   Since we are preparing for a long roadtrip with friends through UTAH, it was time to get spruced up and to stop smoking in the cab.   Can I just say, WOW again!  Although we love the  scratches on Ole Blue (off road story behind each one), Eric made him shine and many of the bad scratches buffed right out.  The inside of the cab looked and smelled brand new.    I was completely amazed at the excellent job done!  Thank you Eric.  Thank you Tiffany, I have no idea what these bad reviews are about.   All I can say is it was a low hassle, well priced, high quality experience!
