4	How simple, yet intricate can a country breakfast be? What makes it different than a breakfast you would make yourself, or grab in the city? Is it because it's made with love, made with lots of fat, or is it because you're not in a rush to eat it? Probably all of the above. I was starving and taking a drive with Mr. Hottie and Erin. We were passing through Wickenburg and I wanted breakfast. I suggested we stop at a cafe we passed. When we walked in, it seemed as though the whole town of Wickenburg was in the cafe! It was packed and hopping full of locals. We city slickers seemed to stick out like sore thumbs. Oh well, no matter, we were greeted warmly. An adorable old man gestured for Mr. Hottie to come over and lend an ear. He told him that if we were thinking of leaving, to "wait. This is the best breakfast". Soon after, a table cleared out. We were greeted by a very friendly waitress who gave us time to look over the menu after taking our drink orders. I always want a little of everything when I go to breakfast. I decided on a bacon cheddar omelet with a side of hashbrown, and sausage gravy and one pancake..whew! I don't mess around with breakfast, my friends! I sipped on my OJ and played black jack (cards are at the table) with my breakfast partners. It wasn't very long until our food arrived. My OJ was refilled and my hot, steamy food was delivered. My omelet was FLUFFY and full of cheese and bacon! The hashbrowns were fresh cut, and well cooked. I was a happy girl. I poured the sausage gravy over the top of the omelet. PURE PURE HEAVEN!! This is THE BEST sausage gravy I have EVER had. I wanted to spoon it into my mouth! The sausage wasn't fatty (chunks of fat mixed with meat), it was flavorful with just a hint of spice. The gravy was also seasoned well. My pancake was HUGE. It was bigger than a regular sized dinner plate and fluffy! Oh my goodness it was so good! Of course I didn't finish my food, but I surely tried! I think I waddled out of the restaurant! We didn't eat anything else until we got back into Phoenix around 7pm if that tells you how filling and delicious our breakfasts were! I'm looking forward to the next road trip that takes me back to the New Frontier Cafe! The service was great and the food was delicious!
3	This was a fun place to eat breakfast. Very cute building. We live near Anthem so I didnt think it would be a bad idea to go for a 45 minute drive there and back. But geez...they serve breakfast all day EXCEPT pancakes and French Toast. That is only till 11 am Something about using the griddle for lunch or it getting too hot. Also, the coffee creamer was flavored. Yuck. No offerings for regular creamer. I had the chicken fried steak breakfast and the meat was quite grisely, the potatoes were a little under done yet fresh, but everything else was perfect. Hubby had the pancakes (we got there at 10:55 and they agreed to make them.) They were HUGE and hubby said very good. All in all, a nice experience. Not worth the 45 minute drive though.
4	One word to describe this place...yummy!
