4	I can't quite say, "WooHoo - as good as it gets" yet.  I won't tell you the details of my sinus adventures.  You know you want me to.  That's the juiciest part.  I will tell you that Dr. Mark Schubert of the Allergy Asthma Clinic referred me here.  That Dr. Schubert's practice and the Arizona Sinus Center practice of Dr's Rehl and Haegan are on the Phoenix Magazine "Top Doctors" list.  More than one year.  I'll tell you this is the fourth ENT practice I've visited in many years of ENT visits and I had the most thorough consultation, examination, and culture collection I've experienced.  Potential easing of my symptoms began with a less aggressive solution than many physicians, allergists or ENT medicos might advise.  Dr. Haegan advised me my sinuses would visit the clinic over a long period of time.  I like that because I try to have a tiny team of pros help me stay healthy, working and enjoying life.  I'll start with four stars and see where things run from here.  If you've got sinus health issues, you might consider a visit to the Arizona Sinus Center.
5	The experience and knowledge of Dr. Timothy Haegan has nearly silenced the Carynx blasts of my mighty nose, helped tame the the fungus and bacteria acts in my Turbinate Circus, reduced the surge in my river of Anterior Flow.  When I stay on my regimen I travel the west with joy and comfort, able to again smell pines, roses, rivers and food.
5	well i like this place all ready.. let me explain i didnt go there but the person that anwered the phone was very helpful. and they referrred me to the right place.. how nice not just about money.. i will tell my friend that does have sinus issues to go here..
5	Had septoplasty & turbinate reduction performed by Dr. Haegen. Outstanding overall experience, including the surgery itself, recuperation & followup. I can now breathe better than at any point in my life, and it's amazing! If you have breathing issues, I strongly recommend you visit ASC and get it checked out. It can change your life!
5	Had turbinate reduction by Dr Rehl. Fantastic doctor, staff and location. Steph handled al my surgery coordination and got me where I needed. Highly recommended!!
2	Disclaimer: I have not seen a doctor from Arizona Sinus. This review is regarding the experience I had with the receptionist. When I called Arizona Sinus I was asked if my healthcare covered my planned visit. I am only 22 so dealing with healthcare is relatively new to me so I didn't know the specifics of my coverage. She made me callMy provider to ask, which I am pretty sure is her job. Once I received the information I called her back. She was very impersonal and short with me, constantly telling me to slow down when giving her my information. I ended up finding a family friend who could see me earlier so I cannot write on behalf of the doctors but I was very displeased with the over the phone service.
1	Just like Taylor, I just had the same experience when trying to make an appointment with this office.  I was asked about my insurance before my question of whether or not they are accepting new patients was even answered.  I was told November is the earliest new patient appointment and when I said I would like to move forward, the female I was speaking with, I think she said her name was Mary but she said it so quickly I can't be certain, placed me on hold.  After 5 and a half minutes,I hung up.  Poor potential patient experience!  I am calling for help, not to have my time wasted.  As an individual who works 60 hours a week, I don't have time to sit on hold, especially when you are only taking appointment calls between 8:30am and 4:30pm.  If she had come back on the line to provide an update, it may have evoked a better response but when you are forced to call for an appointment and cannot make an appointment online, the staff needs to be more on top of their game.
