4	Nice! I have been here two times now and both were fantastic. Sadly i have gotten the same thing both times so i can not say if everything is good but from how good what i did eat was i would say there isn't any real chance of it all not being fantastic.
5	I love this place!  Every time I go back home I have to stop by.  I usually am only a fan of cheap fast Mexican food but this place is definitely special.  The fajitas are especially great, try the shrimp.  The drinks are awesome and they have some of the best collector cups ever.  I have the coconut carved to look like a monkey (a drink cup goes on the inside, even has a hole in the lid for a straw) and my husband/brother/dad all have the ChaCha Margarita cup (they like to call her ChiChi because she is anatomically correct).  I think you get a discount if you bring the cups back.The sopapillas are to die for.  So soft and covered in honey and powdered sugar.  I always end up getting it all over myself but it is OK because then I get to lick it off later.The interior is pretty cool, looks like a feisty Mexican cantina, including wooden birds and mariachi mannequins.  There is usually a balloon guy wandering around who will make you a seriously cool balloon animal/hat/whatever you want for a few bucks.
2	eh, no thanks!It is just american-ized Mexican food and there is something in their cooking (spice/oils) that tends to not agree with me later so we have stopped going.
3	This location in Goodyear is the only location I will eat from. The people are always friendly and the service is good. It is clean as far as I can see. The food is decent enough that we do go on occasion.I have been to other locations and found them to be awful but Goodyear is spiffy doodle with me.
1	The only times that I have gone here was because we had a family gathering and some nut always picks this place.I do not like it ...at all. I have gotten sick after eating here twice and the service has always been terrible.
2	My second time at Macayo's, menu seems to be hit-or-miss. I ordered the lunch special chicken taco, chicken enchelada, and beans. Enchelada was fine, but the taco was deep fried with too much cheese. Last visit was better, but can't remember the entree.
4	This is an Arizona standard. They have many locations throughout the valley. Great place for good casual Mexican with your family. Very Catina looking interior decor, somewhat commercialized. Not your hole in the wall place. I eat here with my mom, dad and husband every time I'm back home. Good service, very neighbor friendly...prob. because I always run into someone from high school. Great for groups too (I had my rehearsal dinner at the Ahwatukee location.)
4	My wife and I go to Macayo's for happy hour.  The food is always fresh.  We usually sit at the bar and the service is fast and friendly.  We will return many times in the future.
2	Macayo's has gone down hill over the years, quality of food doesnt seam to be the same. Happy Hour is good along with the chips and salsa. Howere this can be a good place to go with a large family.
2	I was not a fan.They used an anaheim chili in the relleno... BIG mistake. It is poblano or nothing, people!I also tried a green corn/green chili tamale. Too sweet. Not enough green chili. Just meh.They did have a good habanero based salsa by request... unfortunately, like most Mexican joints these days, the chips you used to dip in the salsa sucked by all measures.Another Mex restaurant disappointment. A pattern has definitely developed.
2	I love Macayo's but not this location.  Went in the other night and the service was terrible.  The food was so so and the whole environment just seemed like we were bothering them by being there.  Every staff member we encountered was rude.  We sat outside on the patio which is dirty for being a restaurant especially.  Happy to go to many of the other locations but won't be returning to this one.
1	Just another mediocre chain restaurant..
1	Never...ever...again. There is too much other good food around town.
2	-An acceptable chain restaurant to take "out-of-town" visitors for (overpriced) sit down Mexican food with tacky decor.-Expensive! Almost $11 bucks for a carne asada burrito???? Really?? For that price, I could had bought like 2 or 3 burritos at any "...Berto's" type place in the Valley!-Refried beans are bland and thick like drywall putty.-$1.98 for a small side of guac OR sour cream with your meal.-Salsa not as good as it used to be...tastes like chunky watered down tomato soup with added preservatives (mostly ala sodium benzoate) . You'll be consuming a tin of altoids afterwards from "salsa breath".-Loud background music. I shouldn't have to talk super loud over the blaring music, was I in a nightclub or restaurant?-Service was ok. Servers seem to scowl when you request MORE chips & salsa.-Parking is plentiful.-Separate entrance in the back for take-out.
3	Our family has been Macayos customers since they were called Woodys!  We absolutely love Macayos.  Our personal favorites include the Baja Burro and Baja Chimi.  Unfortunately, we did not have such a great experience at this particular location.  The food was great, but the service was lousy.  Our waitress was unfriendly, pushy, could not handle multi-tasking, would not get refills (had to ask for them), and overall she was not what we are use to at Macayos restaurants.  We were very disappointed after a nice long day at Luke Air Force for Luke Days.
4	Went here on vacation for spring training at the reccomendation of my Mom and Sister. The food was spot on, and friendly service at a great price, good size portions too!
3	The food is average, the prices are a little high, the salsa is okay, the service, is mediocre, but the balloon guy is great!
4	2 words...baja sauce! Also, Mary the bartender is awesome. She always remembers my order.I come here often with m boyfriend and we love it! Great happy hour prices too.
1	I have decided that I hate this place. It was almost a hard decision because their baja sauce is awesome, but there are so many things to hate that I have to be the "Paul Revere of Yelp" and warn all of you good people.They are sneaky little weasels and want to take your money. I ordered a baja burro and the server asked "with guacamole and sour cream"? While she was nodding her head. So I said yes. The bill came and I was being charged an extra $4.00 for sour cream and guacamole that I didn't even use. I know what you are thinking, "that's your fault, she probably asked if you wanted to add it," but that is not the case. Same thing happened at dessert, we ordered the deep fried ice cream and we were asked if we wanted chocolate or regular, so we picked chocolate (the menu doesn't say anything about chocolate costing more money), but sure enough... A teaspoon of Hersheys is another $2.50. Fast forward a week later, the same thing happens to my coworker at the downtown location, they pay an additional $4.00 for sour cream and guac that they didn't even use. I am under the impression that the servers are actually trained to ask you in a way that implies that it is included to jack up your bill.Look, their food is okay, but the prices are absurd. You can find much better Mexican food at half the price all throughout the Valley. Hell, you can go to Outback and have a steak, salad, bread, blah blah blah for less money. The decor is old and tacky, the last server we had hit on my wife while I was in the restroom... Seriously, he said "He left you? if I was your man I would never do that to you, I would treat you like a queen." Yeah, okay Macayos guy with your extra $4.00 that you stole, go on with your bad self.
2	Overpriced wanna be Mexican food. Never again! First and last visit. Tasteless overpriced food. I guess.my famiIy prefers authentic and this is not that. If you enjoy Americanized flavorless food, this place may be for you.  They had a guy making ballon animals and he kept making eye contact with my children yet never made his way to our table.For aSaturday evening we were seated rather quickly and the place was crowded. Seating way too tight. Felt we were dining with the group next to us Food bland no seasoning. Chips stale and cold with meh salsa. Margarita was good tho, only good thing about that visit Rather hit up Raul and Theresas
2	We went there on New Years Eve. My husband got fajitas, and I got quesadillas. My husband said his fajitas were very oniony, had a few spicy peppers, and very little anything else. My quesadillas were permeated with onions and spicy, spicy soggy green peppers (which I don't recall as being warned of those on the menu) so I took one bite and couldn't eat any more of it. It was gross and waaayyy too spicy for me to eat. The only thing I liked was my husband's strawberry margarita, which had booze in it, compared to my non alcoholic version (I'm pregnant). I had a sip of his and it was yummy. My daughter drank most of mine. She ate a lot of chips and wouldn't touch my quesadilla. We won't bother eating there again. What a bummer.
1	Macayo's used to be decent but over the years the food has gone downhill. I refuse to eat here and only went because we met friends there. The salsa taste like it comes from a can, the food is far from authentic. If you're in the area, Manuel's is a better alternative. If  you're looking for real mexican food, go to Tony's or Zamora's.
1	First of all, I would like to acknowledge that this review has nothing to do with the staff. Our waitress was very pleasant, friendly, and attentive, as was every other staff member with whom we interacted. The positives ended there, though. The salsa is probably the most bland salsa I have ever had at a Mexican restaurant. I asked for spicier salsa, and it wasn't any better-- and definitely was NOT spicy. Onto our meals. Very overpriced, to begin with. $11 to choose 2 items off of an a la carte menu? Seriously? My husband thought his meal was just okay (chicken enchilada and chile relleno), but the enchilada sauce was horribly bland. I ordered the vegetable fajitas. They brought out the standard fajita plate (guac, sour cream, tomatos, lettuce, beans, tortillas), but the vegetable fajita dish was steamed broccoli, squash, and zuccinni with absolutely no seasonings. I've NEVER had a Mexican restaurant serve me plain steamed broccoli for fajitas! I asked about the traditional fajita vegetables (the grilled, seasoned peppers and onions) and was told that I would have to pay extra for a side of them. Wait... I ordered veggie fajitas but actual fajita veggies cost extra?? By the end of the meal, we had paid almost $30 when we could have had a better "Mexican" meal at Taco Bell for $7. I won't be going back to Macayo's... even if someone else is picking up the tab.
4	Make sure you try their Baja Sauce! Delicious.
2	Very over priced for generic mexican food.  The salsa is like seasoned ketchup.  I asked for something spicier and got roasted habenero.  It wasn't bad.  The margaritas were decent.  We had two burrito dinners and a fajita plate.  Also 1 beer and 1 margarita.  The bill was $66.  $ 45 would be more than fair for what we got.  (The service was good.)
4	This is my husband & I's favorite Mexican food in town. It's vegetarian friendly. I order the Cheese enchilada w/onions most of the time or Bean and Cheese Burro (burrito) with or without sauce and have never been disappointed. We always choose to eat in the bar, there is never a wait there and service is fantastic.
1	Bleach. The salsa tastes like they opened a can of stewed tomatoes and threw in a pinch of parsley. The food was greasy (not fried) and left my stomach unhappy.  My plate looked like they just slopped the food on it.  The hostess was friendly and attentive unfortunately the waitress was one of the worst I have encountered. If you want good Americanized Mexican food, go to On The Border.
4	Macayos has great Lunch time Specials! I had the Chicken Fajitas which comes with sour creme, guacamole and salsa and only 9.99! They were delicious! They also make very good Magaritas with different specials!The atmosphere is very Rocky Point and we love the decorations very festive!
3	Decent food that you'd expect from a local restaurant that specializes in Mexican food. In short nothing to write home about...
2	I don't know what has happened at the macayo's in Goodyear.  When you walk in there is an overwhelming sewer odor.  At one visit we just passed it off to possible plumbing problems at the time bit we have been back several more times and this gassy odor continues to be bad.  This used to be one of our favorites places to go, however until they fix this we won't be back.   We have also left the last few times with unhappy stomachs ... Don't know if the odor and the food are related ... But hard not to think that.   I hope the Macayo's management corrects this problem because we really do like the food, service, and atmosphere of this restaurant.
2	We went in a few weeks ago with friends from out of state because we really love the food. It was a super busy Friday evening. We sat in the bar and our server was taking care of a lot of tables so we were ok waiting a little longer than normal to order our first drinks. The issues came in when we had to continue waiting. Then our food got mixed up. Burritos went to one person instead of enchiladas but we were halfway through before we noticed. We just thought the burritos got smaller. We mentioned this to our server and she said let me talk to the manager and see what we can do. The manager then came over to our table and asked what the problem was. We explained and he said "So what do you want me to do about it?"  Really? He then told us that he looked at us several times while we were eating and we "looked happy". He argued with us for a bit until I told him to leave the table. I think what upset me the most was his attitude and that he acted like we were just trying to get a free meal or something. He did end up giving everyone a discount but when he brought the check over he said since you are mad at me here is the number to call and complain. ??? What a baby. NO we won't be back. Too bad because the food and service are usually good but I have no desire to deal with him again. Maybe he should go take a course i how to behave like an adult.
1	UGH... Three weeks ago my husband and I went into the Macayo's restaurant in Goodyear and smelled a TERRIBLE smell.  The hostess explained that the sewer had backed up, but if you go to the back of the restaurant you really can't smell it.  REALLY?!?!?  I don't think so... and I think it must be against a health code someplace to keep the doors open when your sewer is backed up.  The bathrooms are located right next the front doors when you walk in.  There a lot of people in the restaurant eating even with the stench.  I can't believe they continued to serve food, the restaurant should have been closed.  I'll never go back there again.  Disgusting!
4	I cannot comment on very many items but I can tell you that the Baja Chicken Pizza is delicious, the carne asada nachos are excellent and the spinach queso dip, well, let's just say that I would live on that stuff if I could. It is a combination of Velveeta, spinach enchilada filling and baja cream cheese that is nothing less than perfect. It has just the right amount of spice and is not too hot and not too mild. Just right in my opinion. I am on a budget so I cannot afford to eat there often but I go during happy hour and all 3 of the items I mentioned are 1/2 price during happy hour so I get one for eating there and I usually take home at least 2 of the spinach queso dips and eat them for the next few days. They give you a pretty large portion and a big bag of tortilla chips with each order so each appetizer is enough for me to eat 2 separate meals. It is a great deal for the money and the spinach queso warms up really well too. The servers have always been really nice and taken good care of us. I would definitely recommend going during happy hour and trying the spinach queso.
4	A little pricey, but very good food and atmosphere.
1	From the outside and the ads I would have thought this place would have been great...service was good...food and beverages were lacking. My glass of sangria was a fail...the smallest glass of sangria I ever had. It was almost like a small glass of red wine with a piece of fruit thrown in as an after thought. My chili rellano was a fail. The pablano pepper wasn't even cooked all the way and the cheese wasn't melted. We will not return again.
4	A solid Mexican food restaurant and honestly, very surprised that finding good Mexican food in Phoenix can be challenging.  Location is in a large shopping plaza with lots of parking.  Very easy to find so you should have no problem getting there.Food is not bad at all with standard items like burritos, tacos, and chimichangas.  More of an Americanized version of Mexican food but what I value here is the consistency.  We have been coming to Macayo's quite often now and the food is never bad and our experience is always pleasant.  I like getting their combo items of tacos/burritos/enchiladas. Price is very reasonable and you can bring your whole family without breaking the bank.
4	I go to this location every other week for Happy Hour with one of my BFFs. We love it because they know us the moment we walk in and the server puts in our drink and food order the moment she sees us (she knows it by heart!) We also get out of there for under $10 each! It's our go to place for sure. I'm super picky about Mexican food if I want an actual meal but for Happy Hour appetizers and drinks you can't beat the price!
2	Wandered in here on a Friday night. Was seated quickly, and the menu was large...seems like a chain vs. family owned establishment. Not worries.We were served by the most timid hipster-faced mumbler I've ever met. Seriously could not understand a word he said. I asked for a kids menu for my 13 year old daughter, and he immediately questioned my motives, asking "just who is this for?" I explained that my youngest was 14 and special needs and couldn't read such a vast menu with so many choices.....he awkwardly left the table to get our drinks. He then asked to take our order and I had to ask him again to bring a kids menu to the table. We ask if the guacamole is fresh in house. He said yes, and that he recommended it highly , because he just came out here for his night off to have dinner with a friend and that is what he ordered. Okay, then bring it to us. I am pretty sure that it was the Wholly Guacamole brand from Costco. I buy it all the time, and I know the taste. I have some recent IBD issues, and have to stay away from beans at all costs, so it was hard for me to find a menu item without beans. I finally settle on a salad that is to have Grilled chicken, calabacitas, parmesan cheese and a blend of mixed greens tossed in Cilantro Lime dressing. I looked up clabacitas and noted it had no beans in it (it was supposed to contain corn, zucchini, sweet and poblano peppers). My salad comes with black beans...At first I was not sure if it was my mistake or theirs, so I ask to see the menu. Sure enough, there is no mention of black beans anywhere on the salad description. When I bring this to the attention of our server, he says "Oh, this is awkward, I hate it when something like this happens. I don't know what to do...." Then he mumbled off....awkward really is the only word for the service we received. Our bill came for the full amount, and we paid it. As much as I tried to eat around the black beans, the meal still managed to get me sick.I might go back just to have mumble mouth serve us again. He was so awkwards he was entertaining. But the food really wasn't good enough to warrant a second try.-
4	Consistently good service.   Food is always good too.  We stop here on our way to and from Tucson several times a year.   They serve Sonoran style food,  as is typical in Arizona,  and they do it right!  Their salsa is the BEST!!!  I mean it, best I've had in 40 years of eating out in the southwest.  I just love the right amount of onion and cilantro,  and Macayo's is perfect!  Beware though,  if you purchase the bottled stuff they have for sale, it is NOT the same and not any better than any other store bought salsa (which none of,  in my opinion, are worth buying).  It's a great small chain of restaurants.
2	Only reason I come to this place is for my wife. She enjoys their beef fiesta salad. Chips and salsa are pretty good. Otherwise it's your typical food chain. The takeout area is dirty and so are the main doors exiting the restaurant where people place their hands to open. Sounds like a nice job for the hostess when she's standing around doing not much. Food otherwise is average. Won't become a favorite.
1	Worst service ever! The bar tender was soooo rude. It's not my business if you enjoy your job, but the least you can do is fake it! Cold food, rude service... With so many choices in the area I will go else where for sure.
3	Friendly service.  The carnitas I ordered were tasty but were dry.  The rest of the food was what we had come to expect from Macayo's. Good salsa and friendly staff.
1	Hostess painting instead of seating us, but tables werent clean so had to wait 5 min to be seated.  My girlfriend said she could smell the paint, i couldnt believe they were doing this during business hours!  We finally got seated, but the table was Horrible filthy!  Soda all over the wall, was really bad, could see the dried up soda drips all over the walls! Seats and table were dirty and sticky.  After we recieved a couple waters, we each took a sip and relized it was tap water!  Really!!?  We eneded up taking our food 'ToGo' because the seating and table were so disgusting!  Once home(less than 5min) we ate and once again were dissatified!  Food was so bland, canned vegtables, no seasoning, salsa tasted like canned stewed tomotoes! what a joke...called to complain and was given a credit for another meal, you can have it!  I wont be back to claim it! Never EVER Ever going back.
5	Good deal on the house marg with the loyalty mugs. Great service every time we are here
3	Stopped in to try their tamales. 20 min wait on a Friday night. The ambiance is confusing for a Mexican restaurant. They were playing music from the 50s and they have African safari decor... zebras, elephant, etc. We got seated right around 20 min and I ordered the Mex & Match with the green corn tamale (in husk) with rice & black beans. My friend got the beef tamale so we could try both. The chips & salsa were on point! Didn't take too long to get our food. The green corn tamale had a really good flavor, but I didn't like how big the green chile pieces were and the consistency was more wet than I expected. The beef tamale was very good. Lots of meat inside and the masa wasn't dry at all. Their black beans are seasoned very well. We also got the fried ice cream for dessert. It wasn't a huge portion, which was good. Just a small scoop of ice cream with a yummy fried coating, honey, and tons of whipped cream. There was a lot of whipped cream leftover when we got done with it. Not a bad dinner overall.
4	I can't understand all the negative reviews for Macayos in Goodyear. YES, for those that don't already know this, Macayos is a chain. It's a family owned chain and as far as I know, they're only here in Arizona, centered around the Phoenix area. They've been in business many years.My family loves Macayos, and we've been to several. I just ate at the one in Goodyear today for lunch - I had a colleague in from out of town and he was up for some Mexican food, and he said he enjoyed it. We both had the Chimi Macayos, with shredded beef, rice and beans (lunch comes with one or the other but you can add the other for a buck or two). Their chips are good, the salsa is good (not great, I admit, but good) and they serve portions large enough to satisfy any hunger. Seriously, if you eat here and leave hungry, you're one in a thousand.They have a nice bar area, and on Friday and Saturday nights it gets pretty busy. The dining room is good sized and they can accommodate large groups. Which is good, because we often go there with a dozen or more family members.They also have a very good line of margaritas, by the way.
3	My husband and I used to eat at Macayos every week but the service and food has gone down hill so quickly, especially at this location! We stopped eating there for 5-6 months. A few days ago we decided to give it one more try. Ernesto was our server and oh my goodness he was fantastic. He was prompt in service. Carried great conversation and really took care of us. 1 star for Macayos overall satisfaction. 5 stars for Ernesto. We will only be back when he is working from now on. There isn't much of a variety of restaurants on the west side so what we do have, I expect to be high quality. The food is too greasy and don't as authentic as it used to be. Keep up the great service and we might stick around long enough to see a change in the overall restaurant!
3	This location usually has horrible service and it did not start out well this visit as it took us a minute to get sat because the host was chatting with a customer while sitting at the bar. However, once we were sat our server Rosalie was quite pleasant and provided good service. Our food was about average, but worth going back for. Overall, decent experience.
