5	Inglot Cosmetics is a makeup aficionado's dream! This Polish brand is the third store to open up in the United States. Another one is open in Caesar's Palace Forum Shops.I'm a huge MAC Cosmetics fan and I find this brand to be comparable in quality but more affordable. I got a ten eye shadow palette for $50.00 which is by far the best deal. You can be like a kid in a candy store when you go there. They give you a magnetic plate that you can put your eye shadow choices on. They have a huge selection of colors to choose from. I had way too much fun playing around with creating my palette.I have only tried the eye shadows so far and I love them! They are so pigmented and true to color when you put it on. It stays put all day especially when you use primer. I haven't tried any of their other products yet. They have funky fake eyelashes that I am dying to try out.I have gone to both stores at Town Square and at Forum Shops and all of the workers have been helpful and friendly. Both times I have gone, there were no other customers. I think Las Vegas just hasn't gotten bitten by the Inglot bug yet but I'm sure it'll be a big hit soon!
5	Flipping great eyelashes!  I bought a pair of these blue feathery eyelashes for a costume party.  I got compliments all night, everywhere we went, on how cool my lashes looked. They were very reasonable at $10 a set.  The most expensive eyelashes they have are $12.  I also asked the sales associate how much it costs to have make up done there...it's $40 for the application or you can get a product and application for $60.  Pretty typical for getting your make up done.The sales associate was very helpful.   Asked a lot of questions and showed me their look book so I would have a better idea of how the lashes would look on.  Without a doubt, I will be back for lashes.  I'm also planning on trying some of their regular make up too!  Very fun shop!
4	First time I came to this store was when I just needed gel liner & an eyebrow pencil. I usually buy MAC but I heard so many good reviews about Inglot so I decided to give it a try. The makeup products are highly pigmented (even when I lightly swype!) & more affordable than MAC. ;) However, I deducted a star because I stopped by recently for a couple of pigments but as I walked in, 3 employees just stayed at the register & didn't bother greeting me (they stared me down like I was gonna steal something) & looked like they hate their job. I've had better customer service from MAC & Sephora even on their busiest days.
5	This review is in two parts: One for the store itself, and one for the actual products. First, the assistance I received here from Mastewal could not have been more helpful, efficient, or professional. She helped me choose several colors of lipstick and eyeshadow, and also assisted me in selecting eyeliner. She took time to evaluate what colors would look best on me and for what purpose - either daytime professional or evening. The store was clean and bright and I thought the makeup was presented in a way that made it easy to find everything. As for the products themselves, I have used eyeshadow, lipstick, and highlighting powder. These products have not irritated my skin (it is sensitive to product) and I like that they are highly pigmented - I don't feel like I'm wasting product to try to layer color. Highly recommended!
5	I have a couple of makeup artist friends who rave about this makeup.  They are cheaper than MAC but just as good (maybe even better?!) and have an impressive number of colors.  I haven't been this giddy about eyeshadow in a long time!  When you walk in, you'll most likely walk out with more than what you planned on.  I was originally only going to get 3 eyeshadows and a blush but I there were so many colors I wanted, I ended up with 6 eyeshadows and a blush, but could have easily walked out with a 10 palette.The people working there were very nice and I was greeted right away.  They helped me pick out colors for my palette when I had trouble deciding or trying to figure out which blush was best for my skin tone.  Even though I went on a weekend, it wasn't too busy and I was the only one picking out eyeshadow at the time.  I can see how it can be a problem creating your palette if other people are picking out colors too because their system is different.  You place the colors you want on a palette and there is only one of each color.  When you are done picking out your colors,  they will get them from the back for you (kind of like shoe shopping).  So if someone has the color you want, then you'll have to wait.
5	Just one visit turned me from a browser to a buyer. I could have stayed there a good while playing around with their wonderful selection of colors. Got to try one of their blushes, which I ended up getting along with a lip paint and eyelashes. Very impressed with Oscar's service with helping my friend find a red lipstick. So glad that they have a location here in the Bay Area.
5	I am a guy that does not wear makeup, many that know me will agree. But this particular location had something for me: nail care products. Pricey - yes, but well worth the investment. The customer service was great as well - the gentleman that was on site managed to find a location in city that we did not know about (great now my wife knows). This one and the one at Caesar's Palace are both really great.
3	Inglot Cosmetics is conveniently located next to the Apple Store in Town Square. There's also a store located in the Caesar's Palace - Forum Shops. This particular Inglot store in Town Square, is a small store and have selected products. The brand itself is high in pigment and comparable to MAC Cosmetics, but the prices are wayyy cheaper than MAC. Inglot has a freedom system - allowing you to choose your own color shades in lip sticks, eye shadows, blushes, etc. One eye shadow in the freedom system can cost $5-$7 whereas MAC's palette eyeshadow refills cost $11-$17. Their products have no names so the NUMBERing system kinda is annoying. With the freedom system, I so far have bought 6 square eyeshadow shades $5 each of which I like because I choose them and 4 circle eyeshadow shades pricing at $4 each. The times that I have visited this store location, the 2 staff that we're working.. weren't friendly at all. Being that myself and another customer was in the store, it took 1 of them 15 minutes to get to me, to see if I had any questions or something that they could assist me with. And both times I've visited Inglot, the workers didn't help me much with picking out colors when asking which colors go with what, etc. I felt like they were rushing me to choose. Overall, I enjoy their products. Color pay off and well-pigmented and SUUUPERRR  AFFORDABLE! If you need some help with your choices in color selection, may be pay a visit to Inglots in the Forum Shops? PS. BOYFRIENDS THAT BUY THEIR GIRLFRIENDS MAKEUP = BROWNIE POINTS!!!!! this makeup store will make YOUR WOMAN HAPPY! happy girlfriend (wife) = happy life!!!;)
5	Hello Heaven you do exist.... Oh my goodness!!!! My cousin who lives in Vegas told me about Inglot. When he told me about it he was soooooo excited. He said he and all of his male friends love this place and that's all they use. I thought hhmmm a bunch of grown men with better skin and manicures then me love this place, it's gotta be good. Oh my gosh he was sooooooo right!!!! I walked in and it was love at first sight! The staff was so helpful and friendly. The first time I went in I met a boy I seriously wish I could have stuck him in my purse and took him home with me. His name is Le Creme. He made me feel like we where playing dress up. He made my experience sooo much fun that when I go out with my husband or my girlfriends and I wear my inglot face I seriously have the best time. I feel fun flirty and free. The make up is WAY less pricier then MAC and the pigments are just as pigmented If not more. You have to go in and just play with the make up. So far I've tried and bought everything but the lashes.
5	I came to try the foundations out. I've heard some good things and wanted to try something different. Mimi tried a few colors on me and two types of foundation, the first one she didn't like how it was sitting and found something better for me. We settled on the YSM foundation being best and it is definitely quality. Light feeling, light/medium coverage and blends into the skin well. It wears alright alone, but I have combo skin (which is leaning to oily due to the weather change) so rolling on some powder and a finishing spray definitely gets me the results I want. The kicker - $15 for a 1oz bottle! This is the cheapest I've paid for a foundation and it stands up to some bottles that are triple the price. I also grabbed a freedom palette of 10 and filled 5 of the shadows for now. I definitely love the color payoff. I tried just about every brand and this is very nice for the price. A lot of people will compare this to MAC since thats one of the most recognizable brands - I feel it is what MAC used to be. The bang for your buck is a great thing too. It's $6 and a bigger square pan than a MAC round ( I put a comparison picture up). To me, it's coming on more like Shu Uemura or Nars in finish whose eyeshadows I really like. Customer service I thought was helpful, not pushy. Both SAs there were talkative and was very friendly.... I was worried with some of the reviews here, so I guess there are just some bad apples that are taking away from the product and the nicer associates. Very happy there are two stores in Vegas and that they are spreading. Been a fan since I've bought online and am more into this brand now that I have access to the full line.
5	I loved this place. It was bright, clean, and my first time in an Inglot store. I wish I had prepared myself so I could have bought more! We picked up some glitter and lashes for EDC. I wish I could remember the name of the girl who helped us, she was awesome :) About the products - better than MAC for about the same price or less. I wish I had a store closer to home!! I will definitely be coming back on my next trip to Vegas!
4	Reasonable pricing and friendly staff. When MAC starts to drain funds this is my go to.
5	First of all I want to go ahead and say the girls in the store are very knowledgeable about their product, I really commend them in knowing about their company, and I have to give them props for all of the help they gave me and my friend today.The only thing we have to hear is sale, sale, sale! I don't think there's any other words that gets us that excited wait... There may be a few. Like freebie, discount, you just won... And so on.Anyway, they explained what was going on with a product that they said would be changing shape, so they were selling for $2.50 (-girls, go raid this store) the colors were exquisite! So nourishing and rich, I was really surprised because this is not a company I am used to and in a sense I kind of feel like I'm cheating... But I can't resist a great deal and an awesome product! Lip stains... I posted I picture, so gorgeous!!!
4	I can't believe this is my first time being in this store.  So many make up finds, plus I got my make up done!  I have to admit, the reason what attracted me to even walk in the store was because of their beautiful display of eyelashes.  I had to get some on since I had a wedding to go to.  The ladies that we're working in the store that day were very friendly.  My make up artist while applying my makeup even gave the whole history of the brand.  She did such a great job, I wanted to make sure I bought a lot of product, which I did, but when she rang me up, I was in shock at how affordable everything was.  I picked an eyelash curler, gel eyeliner, lipstick, a highlighter all under $70, wow!I'm definitely returning, and will take my time to try out more products.  I'm def a fan.
4	I first fell in love with Inglot while watching makeup videos on Youtube... I thought the colors were amazing, the price point was cheaper than MAC, and most of all the packaging was gorgeous. I told myself, you want that... you neeeeeeed that.So during our trip to Las Vegas, I searched YELP for Inglot stores. Bingo! There was one in Town Square which was near to the place we were staying. My birthday was also coming up in a few days, so I decided to do some early birthday shopping. ;DThe makeup gals were nice and helpful... One of the gals explained how their Freedom Palette worked: pick an eyeshadow palette (2, 4, 5, 10). Then you get to swatch/choose any eyeshadow color you want and stick it onto a magnetic board for the makeup gals to grab for you. I was so excited! I must have spent about half an hour to 45 minutes swatching alone... eek. I wanted to try some of their other products and ended up picking up a toner, foundation, and concealer. Birthday shopping success! Yay me!
5	Was a little tricky to find the store but I'm glad I did the people working there did there job they greeted me and asked if I needed help. I purchased there eyeliner in 77 as well as the duraline if you do get the eyeliner purchase the dura line it is a life saver it makes the eyeliner a thousand times better just put half a drop inside the eyeliner and then dab ur brush in and whoola perfect cat eye ;) the prices on the products were good I got like 6 things and paid around 50 bucks
1	I had looked forward to visiting the Inglot store during my next visit to Las Vegas. I told my girl friends about the system and they were excited also. We took a cab from our hotel specifically  to go the mall for  this store. Well I can't say the customer service was bad, because the young lady in the store around noon on 6/25/14 did not give any. She basically gave me a tray and  told me to pick some colors.  No help with coordinating a palette of colors . I finally walked out . I will continue to order online or wait until my next trip to Chicago.
