3	So mixed review from first impression, see my tip. It's basically the lobby bar since it's right across from front desk, but nice to grab a drink while in line to check in or out right? A lot of seating with semi booths and a communal table. It even has a "LA-ish" outdoor seating area that in LA would probably be considered a smoking area lol.
4	Date & Time:  Thursday November 13, 2014 @ 11pmScene:  Guys in Fitted Button-Down Shirts & Ladies in LBD's Music:  Live Lounge ActsDecor:  Contemporary Piano Bar w/ Talented Performers.  Black & White Framed Photos, Dark Woods & Leather BanquettesImbibe:  Full Bar
4	It's called Monkey Bar, it really lives up to the name, you see monkey decorations and paintings everywhere, they were fun to look at, I like monkeys! It's a good sized bar and lounge facing front desk, dim and dark, the booth seatings are very intimate and comfy, perfect for couples, the tall table seatings are great for groups, the bar seatings are obviously good for singles meeting singles, I saw many people met, talked and left together, it was interesting to watch.We went there on all three nights we stayed at the SLS hotel. This bar is located on the way to our Lux tower, so I took the advantage to have drinks before going out each night, it seemed convenient. We briefly enjoyed the lounge time while the live music was playing, I liked the piano play and singing during the day much better, the rock n' roll music on Friday and Saturday night was a bit too loud for me, but it was very lively and energetic, it's for weekends! It got very crowded on early Friday and Saturday nights, slow on Saturday late night and very slow on Sunday night, there was no live music on Sunday night either, but I enjoyed the quieter times much better like always. I tried two specialty cocktails on the menu, and decided to just stick to them, Jasmine's margarita and Passion for wine, both were very refreshing, tasty and not too strong with enough sweetness, they were perfect, got me very relaxed before or after our night out, great choices! Hubby had Vesper martini as usual, they charged different prices on Saturday and Sunday night, one was $18, one was $14, huh.... Different night or different bartender, different prices? That's interesting. The cocktail waitresses were very friendly and attentive, not to mention they were all eye candies too. I was surprised to see them wearing open toe shoes without stockings, never seen anything like that in Vegas, I guess SLS wanted to make everything edgy, hip and different. I would say this lounge was better for me on slow nights, the drinks were yummy, a bit pricey, $15-18, but it was to be expected, just don't charge different prices on the same drink, that was odd!
3	I thought the new SLS casino marketing themselves as being "for locals" wouldn't charge the same insane cocktail prices- I was wrong. On the plus side, though this place is small it is nicely decorated. Despite the open floor plan space, it's surprisingly intimate. The lounge act on Saturday night is a young male on piano who has a great voice, I'd come back to see him.
4	The monkey suit is amazing but would be better on the rocks in my opinion. The Moscow monkey was amazing as well. The drinks were a bit pricey is the only complaint ...but that's vegas!
