1	I went here for an oil change.  I mean it's around $30 and you get a free car wash.  Seems like a deal.  They claim to do a 16 point inspection but they don't or at least my particular technician did not.  When I spoke to the manager he didn't seem to care.  No explanation to the poor service whatsoever.  Needless to say I won't be going back to this location.  It's fine if  Terrible's just wants to perforn an oil change for that price but then don't promise extras.
4	I love this Terrible's location.....why?  Here's why:PROS- It's in my neighborhood & conveniently located so I can stop by for gas on my way back from most parts of the Valley.- Use of the car vacuum cleaners are FREE.- The car wash services.  It's a typical Terrible Herbst medium  sized car wash setup.- They have oil change & other minor car maintenance services.CONS- I can't really think of one.I come here mostly for the gas & vacuum cleaning.  I have other Terrible locations that I prefer for the oil change services.Will I return?  Yep!
5	it's a gas station!fill er up, and the gas gets me from a to b. =) what else could i ask for?!?!
5	I come here to get gas. It's close to work, so that's cool. Other than that... um... I like the gas here?
5	I don't get gas here, but I do use the car wash and vacuums :)You'll find me here weekly!
2	Pump #6 card reader doesnt work!!And so when I told the guy inside that, he said, "oh yeah, I know.. happens all the time".  ARE YOU SERIOUS!!!???  Then why don't you get it fixed????
3	I really dig the free vaccines. They are powerful and the hoses are long enough to get the entire interior of your vehicle.
4	My car has been shaking when I press on the brakes, it comes and goes, but it started getting worse and I thought it was just the brakes or rotors. They have a free brake inspection, so I stopped by to get it looked at. It was my first time here. Zach greeted me and was so friendly! It wasn't one of those "fake, this is my job" type of greetings. He was so nice and helpful, kept me in the loop of what they were about to do, so it put my mind at ease. After a few minutes, he comes back in and tells me it's my tires...need an alignment/get them balanced, which they couldn't do since it's not a service they offer. He apologized that they couldn't fix it, told me where I need to go...all that good stuff. I was so happy with his customer service and all the information he gave me. Keep in mind, I had stopped at a Jiffy Lube before that and they told me that it was my brake pads! And if I'm changing my brake pads, I might as well get new rotors too...at the shiny price of $269?! He also didn't hesitate to mention that I needed new tires and I could also get my tires rotated for $21.99. Smh! Jiffy Lube lied to me?! I would've been livid if I dropped almost $300 and my problem wasn't fixed.It was a great crew when I was there. Jakob was also really nice, held the door open for me and joked about my Jiffy Lube visit. Thanks guys!So thank you Zach for your honesty and humor at my visit...that's all anyone can ask for! Not to mention he offered to rotate my tires for free when I first walked in.
