1	I just left this dentist, I didn't like them at all. They're located in a strip mall (should've been my first clue) and their service sucks. Furthermore, they are pretty high priced.
3	Well it's a dentists office so who is ever really a fan. At any rate, I have had good experiences here and my insurance seems to jive well with them because now that I've got my teeth in order I rarely pay much out of pocket.  I went there today and the lady who cleans my teeth is very good about showing me exactly how to floss.  Pat is her name I think.  My dentist here is Dr P. (Putrasahan) and he is amazing at giving shots.  Usually they hurt real bad but he has this jiggle technique that makes it bearable.  Though, after my initial work I mostly see Pat.I referred my fiance here also and she has also had good experiences with this dentist as well.--Downgrading it to 3 stars.  I haven't been satisfied with the service lately, and my tooth repair could have been better.  The original dentist that I used to like is no longer at this location.
1	Associated Dental does not back up their work when one of their dentists screws up and you suffer.  They are operated by a corporation that tries to keep costs as low as possible, and the result is that as a patient you get the short end of that stick.
1	I would not recommend this dentist to anyone. I personally had a terrible experience here and I will never go back. There are way better dentist out there.
4	I have a HUGE fear of the dentist from a bad experience when I was a child. I feel bad for the people that have to clean my teeth because I FREAK out. I explained this all to Allison and Dr. G. They were AMAZING. It was literally the easiest and best experience I have ever had. I will never go anywhere else. They were so gentle and understanding. I did see a male Dr. there last year, he was horrible! He pretty much told me I was stupid for "Having a dumb fear". The bad experience with the male Dr. is why I give it 4 stars.  I will only see Dr. G at this office, she treated me with respect and made my experience pain free.
