5	I was extremely anxious to go to the dentist, and in almost 4 years in AZ I was still looking for a right one. Honestly, I picked this Dr. because I got a very good coupon in the mail from money mailer (see picture). Due to this great new patient deal and also after reading reviews online I finally made an appointment.I was extremely satisfied with the service!Dr.Steve and all his stuff were very knowledgeable and not just friendly (like in every dental office) but also genuine. They explained me every little detail of my treatments, gave me itemized printouts and discussed my options.Also, if you terrified of dentists like I was I would recommend this practice even more!  They won't rush you, will help you to relax and make sure you are comfortable, before starting procedures.  Everyone is very gentle and pays very close attention to detail! Cleaning girl Amanda is fantastic too!Overall I'm very impressed and I think that finally I found my dentist who'll take care of my "Hollywood smile" for a long long time! :-D
5	Dr Conrad runs a great office... everyone is very friendly, caring, and interested in the person coming in, not just the job!  Very comfortable environment, someone I continue to reccomend to my own friends and family.
5	Dr. Conrads office and staff was very assertive, helpful and nice. This was my first visit as i have been looking for a dentist to call my own for quit sometime. From setting the appointment, to the entrance of of the office, to the exam and cleaning. Everyone was informative, polite and caring. The office was very warm and home feeling with a great arroma and presance. My overall experience was great and I would recommend anyone and will be telling my friends and family all about my new dentist.
5	I had been to a different dentist who told me I needed a root canal but would not allow me to make payments for the work. Found Dr. Steve through yelp and not only did I not require a root canal but I didn't go broke for my visit. Very comfortable and knowledgable. Would definitely recommend Dr. Steve for everyone.
1	DO NOT GO HERE FOR TEETH WHITENING!!!!!?I purchased a Groupon for Dr. Stephen J. Conrad that said they offered both Boost AND Zoom whitening. I came to find out they actually I only offer a treatment called Boost. My normal DDS has never heard of nor do they use it. But I decided to give it a try and drive 2.5 hours because I really wanted to whiten my teeth for my wedding day this coming June. I sat through two and a half hours of whitening treatment. It wasn't very painful which I thought was nice. Some discomfort because some had gotten on my gums during treatment. Dr. Conrad seemed nice and very friendly when I did my initial discussion with him, where he approved the whitening, although they've already booked the appointment and you're about to begin. I thought that we strange. He discussed cavities and other things I would need coming up shortly that they for d during their short exam. I felt really comfortable.We checked my teeth color and it was XL which is the 3rd whitest. So I was able to go two shades brighter at most.I asked how white they would be, since friends have told me whitening can make them almost glow and that many times you will want to drink some coffee to  bring them down a bit so they don't look  unatural.I wish! After the 2.5 hours I sat up to see my pearly whites and literally NOTHING changed. I even took my own before photos. One in my car and one in their bathroom so the light would be the same. I went bak to the bathroom after and retook the photo NO change!!! I then was scooted to the front where they told me everyone's results are different, some more than others. I asked to speak directly with Dr. Conrad again and I was walked over to his small office chair where he wouldn't even turn from his desk and look at me and he muttered something about how they will whiten more over the next 48hoirs and how everyone's results were different.I waited the 48 hours nothing!!!I called back and asked them if this was because I purchased a Groupon or what the problem was. I told them if I had paid the full price I would have been outraged. They said some one needed to call me back that wasn't available, after the call was lost 30 second prior and then I never heard back.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR GO TO THIS OFFICE! They start out great and then they don't deliver any results, just waste your time. And now I'm out 100$ that could have gone to real whitening with real results.
5	I first met Dr. Conrad as a result of a groupon type of offer and very glad I did. I have been seeing him for over a year and the service and results have been great. The staff is attentive, talented and Dr. Conrad is a real "painless" pro. He takes the time to know you, does not rush procedures and is always interested in your health and confort.. If you are looking for a dentist, I highly recommend Dr. Conrad.
5	Dr. Conrad is an outstanding dentist; he follows up and follows through to make sure the very best care is provided.  I would recommend him to anyone.
