4	This is my local corner shop, so I do have to declare a certain degree of bias in its favour. These guys sell me Supa-Noodles when I'm hungover, as much chocolate as I can eat whilst revising and they always have great deals on booze for when I'm not.The staff are really friendly; there are only 3 guys that ever work here, so you get to know them and they're always up for chatting about the weather in true shop-keeper style. On one occasion I realised when I got to the till that I didn't have enough money, they just let me pay them the next time I was in. I think they could see I was in need of my supa-noodle fix!The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars and not 5 is that you do need to be careful with the sell-by dates on food sometimes. Usually when something's reduced in here it's because it's way past its date.Apart from that though, this place is a little gem.
4	This AA Bargain store is an excellent corner shop as it's well stocked, fresh and well organised unlike some corner shops which can be rather stuffy and a hassle to browse. They have an excellent selection of magazines and sweet and savoury treats if you're looking for a quiet night in watching a movie and stuffing your face with Doritos.The staff are always friendly and the prices are very reasonable too.
3	OK, I'm giving it 3* because it's nothing special, it's just a corner shop. But it is very convenient and they sells absolutely loads. The guys in there are really friendly too. And if you're lucky you might get to meet tweedle dum and tweedle dee.Also, look out for the microwave donner kebabs (yeah really). I didn't dare but my flat mate had one. Made him quite ill. Not the shop's fault you understand. If you live in Newington it's very handy indeed. But it is just a shop.
3	A nice simple review. Not a bad little bargain store. Has a lot of stuff and right in a good little location surrounded by grocery stores and other shops. So if you can't find it in the grocery shops most likely you can find it here. Helpful staff , went to look for the item when I ask and were really nice about telling me they didn't have it. Good bargain store and I will go back in next time  I need something from them.
