5	I was delighted when I saw that a yoga studio was opening up in my neighborhood! Back when I was living in LA I did yoga on and off for about 5 years -- independent studios, YogaWorks, videos...alas, when I moved to Vegas I had to put it aside for a while. So I was super excited when I saw a studio opening. I went to check it out and met the very lovely Ashley Wynn. She just opened up and I have taken a couple classes already. Ashley's got a very nurturing style that gives you a good stretch for quieting the mind. I know I'll be a regular here! :-)
5	I've been to two classes at The Grateful Yogi-- it just opened last week! The business owner and instructor for the classes (at least the ones I attended; there are other instructors), Ashley, was an absolute pleasure to meet. She really tailored the classes to the students, and of course, always lets you know to go at your own pace and only do what you can as class is not a competition.Since it is a Kirtan class, at the end there is chanting. It's neat because during shavasana, Ashley played guitar and sang, and that kind of gets the chant embedded in your head so that you can sing/chant-a-long at the end of class.She's got a lot of different class offerings, the studio is clean, there are mats, blocks and bolsters to borrow if necessary, and a bric-a-brac to hold your things. There is a table in the back for refreshments: water and different tea options.
5	When one walks into "The Grateful Yogi", one is not just taking a yoga class. You are embarking on an experience that translates into a journey. A journey of finding your inner strength, power, and your divine. You test your limits, you set your boundaries, and you reenergize your soul. Ashley the owner, is hands down the best yoga instructor I have come across. She practices and teaches you in a way that is customized to you and your needs and has beautiful way of teaching. I can't recommend her and "The Grateful Yogi" enough!
5	I've been practicing yoga for 8 years now and have been in search of a low-key cozy studio that concentrates on the art and love of yoga. I wanted an authentic place and I found it at Grateful Yogi. I had the pleasure of practicing with Ashley, the owner. What a beautiful person! She has such great energy and shows that she cares about you. Her story and her appreciation & knowledge of yoga make her a truly admirable person. The session I had there has been by far the best yoga experience I've ever had! Thanks Ashley for opening up Grateful Yogi!! Good luck and many blessings!!
5	I love this studio! Ashley is an inspiration and a kind and thoughtful soul.  So far, I have done one of the Yin classes at night and a few of the early morning classes.  I love that each and every class is different, individualized for each student.  Ashley really takes the time to help each of us find the best way to get into each pose without disrupting the flow of the class.  Her style and approach and philosophy in yoga is so encouraging...I leave each class feeling uplifted in my mind, body and soul.  We chant, sing, laugh and meditate with our smiling, open hearts in class and that seems to last all day long and even longer than that...  What a wonderful practice in this busy,  hectic world.  I am grateful to have these classes and Ashley here in Las Vegas and so conveniently in my neighborhood! I can't wait to get back in the studio and learn and grow into my practice and listen to Ashley's blessed voice!
5	This was BY FAR THE BEST yoga class I've taken....EVER! Ashley is amazing and her vibe is so positive and kind. I am FOR SURE going to be a regular here! It took me a while to find the right spot on the west side of town, there is another spot on West Sahara that gets so-so reviews on service and how crowded it gets. This awesome studio is for those who want a TRUE yoga experience where you clear your mind and just breathe! Thanks Ashley sooooooo much!
5	My first yoga class was a half and a month ago with an amazing teacher named Ashley. It was at 630 am: Yoga before work class. First impression: Yoga basically hurt! I dunno why i woke up so early, i have no idea what in the world am i doing, I was very very tight from my cardio endeavors,lifting weights/pumping irons and @ towering 6 feet, I couldn't even barely touch my toes. I am grateful for the incredible guidance of those skilled and devoted teachers from a diverse set of backgrounds, who have  completed many years of advanced training, including training in mindfulness meditation, power yoga, and yin yoga.  The classes even though they are sometimes hard, it sets my mind to comfort that they are always there with their encouraging voices and support, lending a helping hand to modify the poses.But most of all am deeply grateful to ASHLEY, who tend to teach a gentler flowing style of yoga and kirtan. She believed that yoga is quite simply awareness, acceptance, and letting go into love. She made me felt completely natural and accessible not to dwell into my fears and doubts. Her classes made me listen to my body and accept the idea that "less is more."  Its fun to find our weaknesses and not always focus on our strengths. She encourage the students to focus on technique and the "how" rather than the "how much." She really honors and accept where each individual's body is, so that true change can happen. The classes are fun and real and that we can all check our ego in at the door and make our practice all about us.First impressions doesn't quite always seems to last. My body and my heart were transformed by yoga in a short amount of time. All of the words and feelings, philosophies and mantras felt like home to me. I keep on coming back because I knew it was good for me and for the feeling of peace that it brought me.
5	There is powerful yogi movement emerging in this town, and Ashley Wynn's new west-end studio on Charleston is an integral part of this love-fest. Rich wood floors, accentuated with pops of purple and saffron give a modern nod to this meditative and peaceful space. I am a huge fan of Yin deep-stretch, and just adore the yummy mindfulness this class brings. Expect to open your heart and hips against a sumptuous purple wall, as incense and minimal light dance through the space.  Ashley brings her love of music to the yoga movements, and will play guitar and sing accessible mantra's in class to stir the heart, body and mind. Her adjustments are gentle and intuitive, as she may come around to anoint your temples with some oil or kindly pull on your toes to help you ease into the postures. Her energy is fun, personable and authentic. Its also super refreshing to see such a range of body types, ages and ability in her classes, a reminder that Yoga is for every one. This is a local treasure for summerlinians, so grateful this yogini has decided to pitch her Bhakti tent in my neck of the woods.
5	I accidently found "The Grateful Yogi" that came across a Groupon advertisment in my email.  I had been away from Yoga for about 3 months due to a medical issue.  I wanted to go back, but not to the place I previously had been going to.  I thought I would try a new person and signed up.  I was truly impressed with my first class.  Ashley was wonderful and the atmosphere in her yoga studio is wonderful. Just what I was looking for.  Thanks for a wonderful, peaceful and relaxed enviroment.  Did I mention clean!!  This place is perfect.
5	This place is so warm and welcoming. I have not been doing yoga very long, however I have seen the greatest improvements and understanding of the practice and my body with Ashley's help. Ashley is a gem, she is authentic, caring and has a really beautiful voice (she sings mantras, i think that's what they are called?!)I have only taken her Yin classes, this style of yoga really calls to my bodies needs. Ashley never forces you, always assists, encourages and gives feedback on your progress.The school is very clean, the people are friendly, honestly though not much talking goes on at the end because everyone is so relaxed. There are enough props for everyone.Her class centers me and helps me stay present in the moment and ease into my bodies challenges with flexibility.She is a big fan of essential oils, which are a nice twist for me, and she provides hot tea and water.It is affordable and highly recommended to take at least one class here.
5	Beautiful and welcoming studio!  You must visit!!
