2	First off... I spent  A LOT of money for these windows.  Thank goodness I only did ONE room!  After spending $4000 dollars for 2 windows and a door they were installed 2 weeks ago.  The installer was very nice but did take about 8 hours to install these.  THEN... When the sliding glass door was installed they put a WHITE handle on a dark frame.  When my husband complained the installer agreed and put it on the paperwork to tell the company.  About a week later I received a call they had my new handle. Two men came to install the handle but they put a GOLD handle on the dark frame.  LOOKS ridiculous.  When I asked the installer, he told me they don't have matching handles because if they were to put a "painted handle on there, it would chip."  I have called the Company but OF course they do not have anyone answer the phone because they only work off of messages.  I found this company at the state fair and will tell you to BEWARE!!  I have the biggest pit in my stomach after spending this much money on 3 windows.
5	Just had windows installed and noticed a big enough difference that I felt compelled to write a review.  From start to finish, everything went as promised.  The salesman that came out was polite and ontime, which after looking into windows for almost a year, we found to be a rarity.  The installers treated our home as if it was their own. They took a little longer then we were expecting to get the 6 windows installed but in watching the entire process, it was only because no corners were cut.  We have already and will continue to recommend this company.
5	I'm really glad I decided to replace my windows!  Not only do they look great but they really keep a lot of the heat out.  I noticed the temperature in my house was always so hot in the rooms with the larger windows. Now I feel like there is more of an even temperature through out the house and it's a lot more comfortable! Energy Windows was really easy to work with and everyone was very friendly. I also must compliment Mike who came out to put the windows in, he was so nice, detailed and did a really great job!
