4	Just found out this burrito shop opened recently near my house, so I had to give them a try.  According to the manager, they've been open for about 6 months, and their thing is "no fat" meats.  My girlfriend and I got two chicken burritos... one super burrito (with sour cream, guac, etc.) and one regular one.  Both were very good, and definitely felt healthier than your other hole in the wall Mexican restaurants.  Unfortunately, they're only open til 9pm, so I probably won't be frequenting this place as much as I'd like to.  Definitely a nice friendly vibe here, though.  Recommended.
5	Love this place!   Perfect!
2	I don't get the positive reviews. Close to $7.00 with tax for a mediocre normal sized carne asada burrito. If the burrito was $4.50 it would be reasonable. It was Super in name only, only a Super fail.  Extra star for the hot sauces that I liked.
5	OK, I know many of you may not get it, my husband doesn't , but I love this place. It might be nostalgia, I lived in No Cal and there was a Super Burrito right by my work. I went there all the time. I didn't have a lot of cash living in Cali, so I usually got the Bean and Cheese burritto.  I love the seasoning, the whole beans and the real cheese.  I can make a refried bean burrito at home. This one is unique.Now that I can afford it, I've moved up to the carne asada Super Burrito. With their verde salsa, I can't think of much better.  PS you must have the salsas, they rock!
5	great asada tacos the best
5	This location Just opened  3weeks ago-so its clean and pristine.Its not popular yet so there is absolutely no wait for your food.The food was good,fresh and tasty.Will definately go back and bring my husband.Am also recommending it to all my friends.Hope the location becomes a success,it could be a one stop place when you come home from out of town.Way to go super Burrito!
4	This place is open 24 hours, not too far from the airport (though a bit of a drive from the strip--I guess I haven't really found a place that is a proper hole-in-the-wall burrito place NEAR the strip, I'd rather not eat burritos at CHIPOTLE or Treasure Island...) and it was pretty cheap.  The salsa is AWESOME (picture above).  They definitely need more people staffing it.  There was one guy.  ONE GUY.  I went at a weird time and there were say 6 people hanging out just waiting for him to take everyone's orders and then cook it all up himself.  I sure hope he's not working there for all 24 hours...
2	My Super Nachos were really good, minus the cheap liquid cheese.  I ordered two regular burritos which turned out to be filled with air, not meat and other good stuff.  They were meagerly constructed and filled leaving me to really not want to go back there again.  They're even stingy on their hot sauce....at least robertos gives you an abundance of hot sauce!
5	Had a friend introduce me to this place and have found myself going back a lot. But just make sure you speak slow and make sure they understand your order.  But the food is always excellent
4	Out of Business!
