5	Words have always come easy to me. However, even for the (self-professed) eloquent writer that I am, this was a difficult review to write, but only because words are insufficient to convey their industrious work ethic, flexibility and cultural sensitivity,  excellent quality of the output.Everyone knows how painstaking and stressful wedding planning is, but not everyone knows that no matter how meticulous one is over the planning, not everything goes exactly according to plan on the day itself, or that the memories of the day are fleeting. Or at least, I didn't. As we embarked on the task of planning our wedding (foolishly innocent as we were, we didn't realize how arduous it would be), the first decision that we made was that we would have Chris and Alicia of Orange Soda Photo cover our wedding. I knew the couple from diving lessons three years ago, and I fell in love with them immediately. They are fun and easy to get a long with and their patience and dedication knows no bounds and I had already made up my mind then (when no thoughts of a wedding loomed in my mind) that they would photograph my wedding. My husband didn't know them, but he too readily agreed, persuaded by my comfort, even before he met them. It was the first decision we made, it was the easiest, and it was the best. They tried to help in every way they could throughout the planning process, connecting us to vendors, giving us tips on negotiation, adjusting and readjusting their schedules to fit with ours. We were vague in our estimate of time. We told them we'd need them at 5am in the morning on the day of the wedding and that it would go on till about 3 or 4pm, and then that the reception would start at 6:30pm or 7 and go on till it ended. They were on board, unfazed by the long hours and the uncertain schedule. (Oh, and Alicia was due when they both did our engagement photos in Calico Basin. Yes, she trekked with us and took our photos. Talk about dedication!) It's not easy to plan a traditional Indian (Telugu Brahmin, to be specific) wedding in Las Vegas, let alone in 2 and 1/2 months, and needless to say, there were a lot of changes, up to the very last minute. Even the wedding ceremony went several hours over. Chris and Alicia were patient and accommodating, and always upbeat and positive. We are very grateful to them for being there from the beginning for their support, dedication and for beautifully capturing moments that we missed. Our wedding day is more than just a vague memory, thanks to Chris and Alicia of Orange Soda Photo. I'd give them more stars, if yelp weren't traditionally stuck to 5.
5	Orange Soda has been photographing all the major events in my family's lives since our wedding 2007. You can not find two more genuine, kind ,caring people and it shows in their work.  They go above and beyond to deliver the highest quality photographs and are always giving 100%.  They make you feel comfortable in front of the camera and you can tell they love what they do. When all is said and done all you really have left of your special day is the photographs and you can not go wrong by hiring them to capture your most coveted memories.
5	I love Orange Soda! They are wonderful and go above and beyond to give you great service. I haven't seen our photos yet, but I know and trust that they will be AMAZING!  Chris makes it fun and helps you calm down on such a stressful day. He was very flexible and just wanted to make sure he got all the shots no matter how long it took. He was very knowledgeable and a perfectionist. It wasn't just a point, shoot, and go. He and his wife are the perfect duo! Very responsive to all my questions. Just an amazing experience! Thank you Orange Soda!
