5	I am SO glad they opened this location. so close to my home and office!!! Today was the grand opening (they're serving free coffee until 10pm so head out) The line was long but they have the friendliest people working there handing out stickers, menus, tons of cool stuff. They were chatting it up and you could tell they loved being there and working there. I was going to get myself a free cup (my fav is the choco macadamia nut) and buy a few co-workers a cup, we needed coffee!  I got them the Kaluha and the Double Chocolate, they loved it. and the best part? they didn't charge me for any of them!! I thought that was so awesome! I was totally willing to pay for theirs! Just an awesome company with amazing coffee, you def need to check them out. I can't get over how friendly and funny the people who work there are.
4	It's always good to see someone from the 'hood doing well. Dutch Bros. Coffee was founded by 2 brothers, who happen to have a Dutch heritage. My kinsmen, both geographically and nordicly:)They are from, of all places, Grants Pass, Oregon (do not snooze on the drive up I-5 or you will miss Grants Pass...actually, don't snooze while you're driving that section of I-5...you'll drive off a mountainside and miss some of the most spectacular scenery in the United States, because you'll have crashed).Dutch Bros. are still headquartered in Grants Pass. That seems like a pretty small town for a couple of guys who own a business like this, but I bet it doesn't seem small if you have a jet to get out of town...and I bet old Travis and Dane have a jet because they've sold an ocean of coffee over the past few years!Boy, do we know our coffee in the great northwest, or what (oh I know, I haven't lived up there for 15 years and it takes a threat of physical force to get me to go back to the ranch these days, but I still like to claim the place for something more than the rain:)After my run this morning, I had to go pick up my mail (and can anybody tell me why they moved my PO Box from the very convenient Osborne location to North Tempe?...it's about a 45 minute drive down there and back).And what do you want more than anything else after running 5 miles in 90 degree heat? That's right...a cup of piping hot coffee.I pulled into the drive through and said "set me up", then I got to the speaker and had to say it again.They got my coffee right the first time (right sweetener, right cream...it's why I almost never use drive through for coffee, but these guys made me happy).And best of all, it's good coffee!They don't seem to have a place to hang out and read your electro-mail or write your novel on your laptop (remember, the Dutch bros. are no-nonsense Oregon logging country boys...hard to read your electro-mail while you're dragging a Douglas fir out of the woods and your laptop is actually the top of your lap, but you do need decent coffee when you're getting up at 3:00 am to go to work).But I see you can get out of your car and walk up to the window and get your coffee and sit at a table outside...but with a long drive back to Old Town Scottsdale, I just didn't have time.The Dutch Bros. Coffee...quality, value, useful, practical and competent coffee...in other words...very dutch!
1	I sort of consider myself a coffee enthusiast. I love caffeine, partially because I have too.  I work fulltime and go to school fulltime and maintain a semi normal life. And now I really have to up my caffeine dosage because I have finals. Actually, I have a final Saturday which I am cramming for. After a long day of work and hard work out session I decided I needed a caffeine boost so I could go home and study. I recalled reading about some ER 911 drink at Dutch Bros, and the article mentioned something about making even people with high caffeine tolerances feeling cracked out from the drink. So it sounded exactly  like what I needed. Driving to Scottsdale and McDowell I was looking so forward to this drink- in hopes it would really help me study and get a lot done. I pull up to blasting music and friendly service. I get even more excited. I order the drink. He asks me if I want it hot, iced, or blended. Seeing as it was hot out( I think it got over 100 degrees today) the blended sounded delightful. But, my health nuttiness kicked in and I asked how much worse the drink was for me. And the fit healthy looking guy assured me it was about the same as getting it iced. I was a little surprised but believed him. He handed me the drink and asked how I liked it. I took a sip, and I am not going to lie, it was delicious at the beginning. I took my second sip.. And thought to myself, this was too good to be true. As I neared my home and being about a quarter of the way done with my drink (16 oz) I felt so ill. I never feel sick from food or drinks (even alcohol!). I stuff my face and get that sick overly full feeling. This was way worse. I could barely get to my bed. I was sweaty, felt like vomiting everywhere. I felt like I had food poisoning. Finally, after half an hour of lying in bed and feeling sick, I told myself I needed to find out what was in this drink that has made me feel so sick. So, I looked up the nutrition and found that this drink was one of the WORST drinks nutritionally on the menu which aggravates me beyond belief because I SPECIFIALLY asked. The drink really is a ER 911 because it made me feel so sick I wanted to go to the ER. But, I am convinced it was bad milk or something because I have never felt so sick from a drink before. Plus, I am beyond mad that I asked the nutritional value of something and the incompetent barista assured me it was the same- what an idiot! Especially when it wasn't hard for me to look online.. I am sure they have little brochures in the store!I do not recommend this place at all! And, after looking at all the other drinks nutritional values, they are all pretty bad for you! Compared to Starbucks and Dunkin...Id much rather hit up one of those chains then DB!
5	This little drive through coffee shop is so friendly and has extremely fast service!  I think the coffee is really good.  It's very resonably priced.  I can't wait to go back for more tomorrow!
5	Oh my goodness, I love this coffee place.  I had it for the first time last week, and I wake up craving it every day now.  The white mocha was what I got (iced) and it was so good! Way better than Starbucks! I am excited to try the other drinks on the menu, it is a good thing they are far from where I live, otherwise I would be drinking it everday.
4	The NICEST people work there, always cheerful and sweet, even if they have not slept the night before. :)  5 stars for the service.  Minus one (tiny issue) for the strength of the coffee.  But then again, an extra shot is only $.25 so it's not a big deal.  If you are trying to avoid caffeine, their Italian/French Soda is yummy too! Love to mix the strawberry and vanilla + cream. Add some whip cream and hmmm...heavenly (so healthy too...LOL)!
5	My Dutch Bros. experience began at their main store at 6th and D in Grants Pass, Oregon. The concept has translated to Arizona particularly well, giving the other coffee companies a real run for their money. Baristas are the friendliest, warmest people and they serve up really creative coffee and fruit drinks at very reasonable prices and the iced and frozen drinks are perfect for the hot climate. I had the good fortune to have been in town on opening day of this location and already had a DB sticker in the back window of my car. I knew what to expect based on years of patronage of the company in the Northwest and this store really delivered every bit of the Dutch Bros. experience and has done so every time I have stopped in. Unlike those "other" coffee companies, DB makes a fantastic regular coffee which to me is the measure of any coffee establishment. They start with great coffee and then add enhancements to turn it into an experience. At way less than other places charge, it's a great deal and the friendly, efficient service makes me always want to go back. Well done, DB. You have a great thing going.
4	Good Coffee! beats starbucks and there burnt crap they call coffee, friendly service
5	I love a good cup of coffee as much as the next person... I hate all the hype around some of the large chain coffee outlets that are grossly over price with borderline quality. I know Dutch Brothers is a chain BUT..... I like the fact that the guy at the window knows my name and he is friendly and smiles all the time. When me and my girl stop by after a night on the bike and need alittle something to warm the insides well, we stop by here and Christian takes care of us. TWO large coffee's for under $5 dollars. I love there regular coffee. Great flavor and always fresh. The ONLY thing that could make this better is a small selection of fresh baked goodies as opposed to the packaged stuff. Yo! Still awesome, STILL 5 stars... Thanks for the great experience and wonderful coffee. And yeah... Im part of the Dutch Mafia! Friggin' Hysterical!!!!!
3	Not bad, not fab. Coffee a little weak, milk a little bit... 2% (I like my milk whole, which they don't have). It creeps me out a little that it takes the baristas like 10 seconds to pull a shot. The barista in me wonders what that's about. Unless they have some huge reserve of pre-pulled espresso inside their machine with a weird preservative to keep it from burning itself while waiting to come out... and they're only pretending to pull a real shot... it's always a possibility. Can't rule it out.All this said, my palate is not very refined. I have only my personal tastes.A star for the barista that always remembers my coffee order even though I've only been going there off and on for a month, a star for being open early enough for me to get coffee before work, and a star because it's not that bad. But minus a star for the creepy fast espresso shots, and minus a star because it's not that great, either (and no fresh pastries! boo).
5	Man, what can I say?  The absolute best.  Always excellent customer service, always consistent beverages.  What more could you want from a five minute stop on the way to work?Cory and Lexi hold it down in the AM and are always on point with everything.  On my second visit, they remembered what my drink of choice was on my first.  Amazing!  If I get the same thing several visits in a row, it's sitting there ready for me by the time I get to the window (I assume they see me pull up into line or park and walk up).I am SO glad they opened up here in Phoenix... who knew what we were missing.
4	Mmmmmmm deliciousness. Dutch Bros Coffee is sooooooo good. Furthermore, the staff is totally cool. Its as if they just know that you are miserable about being awake at 6am going to work, and they want to make you smile. I am in love with "The Kicker"- espresso and irish cream. My only qualm is that they don't have a wide variety of food options...i believe just a few pastry items. So while the coffee is absolutely fantastic, you might want to eat before/after you come to Dutch Bros.
3	I was a little skeptical about drive-thru espresso, but Dutch Bros is a decent option if you don't want to drag yourself elsewhere. The bean is a little overroasted, but their specialty drinks are sweet enough that you don't really notice. I have to admit that they are incredibly friendly no matter how many cars they have queued. They certainly manage to move drinks and people along in a speedy fashion. Convenient and tolerable.
4	I normally wouldn't review a coffee shop based off a single visit, but I don't live in AZ anymore and don't know when I'll be back here so why not! Anyway, I'm not sure how long this place has been Dutch Bros., but I know it's been drive-thru coffee shop of some sorts since the time I was in high school. Well, while my mom was at the bank across the parking lot I decided to stop in...err..."drive in" for a latte. As far as the place itself there's not much say really. It's drive-thru only. Well, I shouldn't say that, there is a walk-up window, which is something I appreciate since I'm impatient and if I came here regularly and saw a line of cars I would take advantage of this. Also, the baristas here are ridiculously nice! They were smiling and cracking jokes while I was there, and if they're able to keep that up for an entire shift more power to them! As far as the latte itself, it was good! That's actually saying a lot for me since I'm generally NOT a fan of espresso-based drinks at smaller coffee shops (I have no shame in admitting I go to Starbucks regularly). One minor complaint I have about this place (but this isn't the reason I'm knocking a star)...and this is something that annoys me about coffee shops that do this in general, is the setup of the menu. I can appreciate giving drinks cutesy names & mixing interesting flavors that people normally wouldn't' think to order, but what about actually listing simply "latte" or "Americano" on the menu as well? Like I said, not a big deal, and if people want to order these things I'm sure they know they could do so, but I'm personally a fan of listing even the basics on the menu.  Overall, I'm a fan of Dutch Brothers!
5	I used to be a Stabuck's addict. Seriously, addicted...no more... I went to Dutch Brothers a short time after they opened in this location, and have only been to Starbuck's twice since (and only because there wasn't a Dutch Brothers around... YUMMY coffee drinks and THE BEST customer service (barista's) around! You won't find donuts and egg dishes here but if you want amazing coffee drinks, go to Dutch Brothers! My summertime drink is the Freeze which is perfect for summer coffee-drinking! And, the lattes in the winter are wonderful and very tasty! No bitter taste like the competition and absolutely wonderful service! Wish there were more around, but it's worth the drive!
5	Reviews don't always need to be long...I really enjoy this place.  Great coffee drinks, great menu options, great location and FRIENDLY STAFF!I think Dutch Bros did a great job of hiring ex-Starbucks and Coffee Bean employees who were let go for being too friendly and actually providing great customer service!  Thanks, Dutch Bros!!!
4	Great chai lattes and friendly service!
5	I love this place. I've been going to Dutch Bros for about a year, and I have literally never had a bad coffee from them.I went through about a month or two of experimenting, and I love the creations that the baristas come up with.They always have great service and are pretty quick to drive through.I love how they have stamp cards for regulars like myself. they have whats called "double stamp tuesday" and after getting 10 coffees, you get the 11th free. they also have a service where you can get weekly texts or emails on specials that they are running.I definitely recommend to everyone that I meet to give them a try, and they have never been disappointed.
4	Dutch Bros.  Great Coffee.Now, let's get into the details.First off, if you are looking for a good cup of coffee, then you should definitely give this place a try.  They have tons of great varieties... I prefer their Irish Cream variation.  It is lip-smacking delicious!Two mild things I would also like to bring up... First, their coffee is slightly overpriced.  I feel that I am at a Starbucks competitor with how much their Iced Coffee costs.Second, they pour their Iced Drinks from a pitcher... Now, I cannot verify how long the coffee had been in said pitcher, but it doesn't look the greatest when they grab a cup and pour the $4.00 drink right in front of you, taking less than 5 seconds to do so.  I wish that my $4.00 went to a little bit more of an experience.All in all, it's a great place to get some very tasty coffee.  Thumbs up.
5	I love their coffee. It does seem just a smig overpriced, but the real reason I go here.....The cute, flirty baristas! Boy does DB have a great business model! I love when hot 20 something boys flirt with this 40 something mom! If you are having a bad day, need a perk in your self-esteem, definitely get yourself a coffee, or iced tea or ANYTHING at Dutch Bros.
5	I will miss you my fair, friendly, caffeinated friend...sniffle, sniffle. Good night, bad night, late night, good morning, bad morning, is it morning morning... this Dutch Bros is there for me and will be for you too. Next to "customer service" on wiki, you will find a picture of the staff. Simply amazing. Most of the time, I never had to mention my order, they had it ready when I pulled up, as well as some friendly banter. After making this my local for over a year...I felt part of the family. No burnt drip, just great americanos, excellent blended coffee drinks, and everything in between. Whether I ran, drove, walked, or crawled, this Dutch Bros was there to pick me up. As I head north to a new home...I will miss you my friend...but don't forget me, I promise to stop by.
5	Excellent coffee. I wish it was just a little closer to my house.. But I guess that's a good thing because otherwise I would be there everyday. The coffee has a good flavor.. DB seems to be the only one to actually understand that coffee flavoring is supposed to be subtle. I usually order the Caramelizer.. But everything is very tasty. The customer service is great too... My husband and I went there for the first time last month and the super friendly barista gave us a punch card for a free drink on our next purchase. Love it!
4	Ohhhh .... Yummy!! I think I had something called the Caramelizer ... I love anything with caramel. This coffee concoction is particularly delicious as I later learned it is made with chocolate milk!  They also give you a punch card and after 10 drinks, you get a freebie!  I'm a fan.... Can't wait to get my next fix!
5	I was a fan when I knew them on their home turf, where they had a lot more competition. When they planted the flag in my Scottsdale neighborhood, I was thrilled. Great coffee, great staff, fair prices.
4	Rolled through ordered the Pumpkin Pie LATE, and it made me feel like doing KARATE, because it was good and was really HOTY, Didn't taste like crap or POTTY,The staff was nice and not snooty or SNOTY, and they were open until 2pm on Christmas LODDY DODDY!
4	The best way to get coffee is through a DRIVE THRU! And that's the beauty of DB. You can just drive right back and get a coffee beverage.I had an iced peppermint mocha concoction that put me back about $4. A little steep but it was huge. I think the gal said their iced drinks are only one size. I still think Starbucks is better but DB is a close second.
5	ALWAYS friendly staff, never a long wait, MUCH better than Starbucks. How could you not love this place?!? Seriously though... never met happier workers, and that says a lot about the company.
4	Very nice people. Easy in and out of the drive-thru. Good options. A bit pricey, but totally worth it. Creamy rich goodness.
5	Everyone at this store is so friendly and I frequent here so much when I pull up they ask me "Medium Iced Annihilator?", and have it made in under a minute. I don't think I've ever received a bad drink from this store and I certainly have never received bad service. Thanks, Dutch Bros, for restoring my faith in iced coffee.
5	I'm usually at this location on my way to work or the on on Rural in Tempe. I've never had a bad experience at either! Wonderful drinks and everyone here is so HAPPY. They are consistently the happiest baristas I've ever seen and their drinks are incredible. I usually either just get a plain coffee (which is always great) or an Annihilator if I feel like indulging....it's awesome. Once you go to Dutch Bros you'll never long for Starbucks again.
5	The coffee is always fresh and ready to go here.  But these guys make my morning with their relaxed attitudes and easy smiles.  Great wake-up call!
5	Best...coffee...ever!
5	I've reviewed the chain but this was my first time at the location. One of my old coworkers now works there and it was a pleasant surprise to see her!I pulled up, and within minutes had my drink and was back on the road. Plus I love that they are big into community service (my purchase today was to support the a MS organization).
5	Coffee is always better with a smile!These people will look out the window if you are in the drive thru, and if they recognize you, they will have your coffee ready when you pull up.  They excel in customer service, and the coffee is great too.
4	Dutch Bros is good, solid coffee, and their iced drinks are great. As soon as it gets over 100 degrees I can't look a hot beverage in the face. I can't even be in the same room with one. Iced all the way, baby. The staff here provide fast, friendly service and they never judge my coffee order. Plus, drivethrough. Whoever invented the coffee drivethrough has my undying loyalty, but not every place can pull off smooth drivethrough service with complicated drinks. Dutch Bros does.
5	I really enjoy going to Dutch Bros! They ALWAYS have friendly service and everyone is having fun! I always get the kicker and its amazing! Tuesday's are 2 stamp Tuesday which are awesome! I recommend going to Dutch Bros!
4	Love dutch brothers coffee. Quick and super friendly service. We love the annihilator, kicker and the torture. Forget starbucks and head this way.
5	My favorite coffee and the staff is always super friendly/helpful.
5	Just moved to Tempe & tried DB last night. Best cup of coffee I've had in years. I can finally stop drinking the over-priced burnt swill from that chain that rhymes with starsucks.
2	I have given this place 3 chances to get it right for me and unfortunately, they struck out! I think the service is attentive yet their employees are annoying and try too hard to keep a conversation. I appreciate the "Hi, how's your day going?" but these guys just take it to another level...and not one I'm comfortable with I guess. I do not like the fact it is drive thru only and that you can't go in and sit down. Isn't that what a coffee shop is supposed to be? Most importantly, I just do not like their product.I have tried 2 of their infusion teas and their chai tea latte. The first tea I tried was a green tea mixed with blackberry and pomegranate syrups. I thought it was very watered down and didn't taste sweet enough. The second tea was also a green tea but had raspberry and pomegranate syrups. This tea was too sweet and just not good. I went again and decided to get their chai tea, which is my favorite tea, and was extremely underwhelemed. It tasted like their was NO chai tea at all, absolutely no spice whatsoever...all I could taste was the milk and maybe a little honey. Honestly, it was the worst chai tea latte I've ever had! Maybe if I only wanted a cup of coffee, this place would do it for me. But, I don't like coffee and like trying coffee shops for their teas and lemonades. Overall, this place just doesn't impress me at all and I would much rather spend my money at Starbucks or a local coffee shop.
5	Ok, so iv been a Starbucks junkie for years....until i discovered dutch bros! This location is my favorite, although they are all good. My favorite thing about dutch is you can order ANY blended drink sugar AND fat free. You cant do that with any frappes at starbucks. You cant beat their customer service either, all the employees and incredibly nice and upbeat, always greeted with a smile! I once ordered a blended double coc coffee and it was too frothy for my liking so i stopped at the location in tempe since i was going that way to order a new one..they exchanged my drink, apologized and sent me off with a new drink at no charge. added bonus is the stamp cards, so if your an avid coffee drinker like me, you'll be saving some money to. Quick drive-through for on the go.
3	I completely agree with Lauren below me. When I first discovered Dutch Bros (the Rural and Lemon location), I thought the attentive employees were nice, but I have since grown to really hate it. I actually hope for a drive-thru line so they won't have time to start a phony-cheerful conversation with me.The last time I went to the Papago location, the guy (Baxter?) was annoying. as. heck. He was literally IN my car window, telling me he liked my "style" (uh, I'm driving my boyfriend's POS, loud rice-burner Civic... is that what you mean by "style"?), making cheesy comments about me "saving the world" with my college degree, just being a creepy creeper in general for way too long.... Like, I literally had to listen to him spout this crap for so long, a line was piling up behind me and I was starting to wonder if I'd be late for class.Oh, and if you want actual coffee, go elsewhere. They serve mostly sugar-filled concoctions that you can't even taste the coffee, and I can tell that my 'buzz" is not a coffee buzz, it's a sugar high complete with awful crash.Their Cocomo and Annihilator are delicious though.
5	Let me just say that the baristas are top notch, my coffee is always cold because that's how I take it and the location is within walking distance of Papago Brewery. To sum it up, BEST COFFEE EVER!!!!
4	I'm a picky coffee drinker so I'm still working out the kinks in figuring out which drink I just absolutely love - but I will say the service here is outstanding!!! Such friendly, charasmatic baristas which I can appreciate early in the morning.
5	Super friendly baristas!  I frequently visit this Dutch Brothers after yoga class.  The baristas are always super friendly and make great suggestions based on what what I am in the mood for. I love the frequent flyer card too---it's great earning free drinks!
5	I have found the one whom my soul loves! Dutch bros! Mmmm. I can thank fellow yelper Jen t. for suggesting this gem of a coffee shop to me. Their service with a smile, delicious menu of coffees, and constant promotions make me a happy camper. I order an ice coffee of one sort or another each time and I love that they use real espresso and that it is never bitter, always creamy and wonderful. And their cups have cute little tulips on them to boot! :) a++ Dutch bros! Keep up the great work! I am impressed.
5	there almost every morning, they know my order when I pull up I can be in and out in mins even if the line is long they have runners getting orders so it goes really fast, great coffee great people, thanks!
4	Great coffee!
5	I've been loving Dutch Bros. for 10 plus years since I used to go to Grants Pass Oregon a lot for vacation where it started. My favorite coffee eva!!
5	I LOVE DUTCH!  Great customer service.  They create the sense of community even though I'm running through the drive thru.  The coffee is the BEST around.  They also contribute to local charities.  Last September they gave away FREE freezes and energy drinks for UMOM at the Phoenix Zoo. Amazing people that care about the community!  What a great concept!
4	Sugar free white mocha iced.  Really nice people and the coffee is good too.  They really want to make sure you like it.  If you dont they will make it again.  Get a stamp card too your 11th one is free.  Monday or Tuesday is double stamp day.
1	Not a good place for any frozen beverages. The Wind Chill junk is a poor excuse for a drink. I ordered the coconut mocha Chill and it was ready in 5 seconds. No, really 5 seconds. The crap comes out of a machine already pre-mixed and the "friendly" dude adds whatever flavor shot you want. It wasn't even frozen and turned to a watery concoction about 3 minutes after leaving the area. Thought this place takes it's time and handcrafts all their beverages. Turns out they just a chain like all the other big boys. At least Starbucks puts their frapps in a blender with ice. This is a pathetic excuse for a coffee house - too big for their britches. Waste of $4.25 on a hot night. They should be ashamed of the scam they got going in that beverage category.
1	After a complaint to the main office, it was explained that the stuff in the machine is fresh, yadda, yadda and made every hour (yeah right). The GM of the area, Dave even called and offered me a $10 gift card. He said he would leave at the store on saturday, but when I arrived on Sunday, the card wasn't there and staff had no clue what I was talking about. Big Dave had forgotten to drop the card off, obviously he was all talk and no action. Did not matter that he called and apologized again, I already looked like a food demanding my lousy $10 card. If you can't do the job, get out of this business buddy boy. That is what happens when you franchise out your stores and have no control over what's going on. Quality control is important and this area of the chain has none, They have 200 locations.
2	Maybe I'm totally a Grinch in the morning... but I almost try to avoid this place because of the forced awkward "friendly" but seemingly phony conversation from the employees. It's just TOO much lol. Coffee is alright... I will probably head to Starbucks over Dutch Bros :(
4	Delicious Ice Coffee
4	Stopped here for a quick pit stop, had a car full of uniformed person ell and that caught the employees attention. This being said, my experience could have been skewed by this.My beverage was great, and that was the general consensus. The service was infallible and perky. Everything was with a smile.. but what caught me was the phrase "Taste it, if you don't like it you get something else" - now that something I usually just have seen written on the wall with paint in small Mexican restaurants. I like it!It's all you want/need in a small drive-through coffee joint - I will come back.
5	Been coming here since 2007. I love their staff and the selection of drinks!
5	OMG! My lady lives nearby & suggested we get drinks before going out one night. Told the really awesome friendly young barista to pick for me. I said I needed "yummy & lots of espresso". I ended up with an off menu Bob Marley. I have never ordered anything else since then. I love Dutch Bros for sure. The only time I get coffee elsewhere when I am over there is when I want something more substantial than a muffin to eat, also.  I love this one, I love the ASU one, I love the Rural Road one. Dutch Bros is the place to go. Get your card punched! I swear every day is double punch day!
5	These guys have the right attitude when it comes to product and service.  They are consistently top notch.  Their people are well trained and always very friendly.  Dutch Bros is easy to give a 5 star rating for their great coffee and even better service.
5	Best service ever. Gave my pup a treat while we waited for my coffee. Made him a happy camper & my drink was outstanding! Definitely coming back. Such a good drink. Amazingggg service.... Did I mention the awesome service??? Haha
5	I absolutely love Dutch Bros! Their chai latte is to die for! Everyone there is so happy and helpful and remembers me each time I go! They definitely earn their tips! :)
5	Dutch bros is great. I stop by there any time I can (my problem is that I live over 10 miles from the closest one) and every time I get amazing service. The people there are always in a great mood, wanting to talk and willing to give me suggestions when I don't know what to order. There is nothing bad I can really say about them other than I wish there was one closer to my home.
5	Great place, great coffee, great people, great music, great vibes. Dutch Bros rocks.
5	Love these guys! They are always friendly, helpful, and fast! The coffee is not bad either.
5	best customer service ever!  The staff is genuinely having a good time at work and are always smiling!  I'm in the food and beverage business and could only wish for a staff as professional and positive.  Will always come back.
4	Another great cup of coffee from Dutch Brothers!
5	What a pleasant and enjoyable experience!Whoever is doing the hiring/training for this branch deserves some serious praise as I continue to read excellent reviews on their service. I stopped by after a long hike at Tom's Thumb, and it was my first time here. Had a very pleasant conversation with the worker there and after she found out it was my first time there, she hooked me up with 9 extra stamps for their drink card...that is AWESOME. The iced coffee definitely rejuvenated me and gave me a great start to a productive day. They also made the drink so fast I didn't even have time to type in my next destination on the gps...amazing!
5	Such a great place! It was our first time at Dutch Bros and we loved the iced coffee - we got the kicker and the caramelizer. But our favorite part was the customer service! Rachel was super fun and made great suggestions. She also made us try our drinks before we left to make sure we liked them. Highly recommend this location!
5	Amazing employees, great coffee, super efficient! A pleasure to go to every morning! Love this place!
5	Great place to get a coffee or tea.  Great place to have conversation too.  All their menu prices includes taxes already, so you know exactly what you are paying for.  Whatever drink you want, they'll try their best to make it for you.  Their service are great and the attitude is outstanding.  Stop by the next time you need a cold one, or a hot one.
5	Love these guys!  I'm old school, hot coffee with cream & sugar, perfect every time!  Dutch Love!!
5	This Dutch Bros is fantastic; I always drop in when I get a chance. The staff are so amicable and energetic that I find myself occasionally swinging through when all I'm actually looking for is a place to eat! In any event, Dutch Bros is always a bright spot in my day... between the staff and the music, I always find myself wanting to dance a little hehe.Regarding the coffee... if I could, I would canonize the Dutch Bros for their contributions to the art of readily available quality coffee. On my last trip there I asked for a relatively healthier delicious iced coffee with strong coffee flavor. They produced exactly what my palate was looking for! Unlike Starbucks, I feel you can come here for an actual cup of coffee (I find most Starbucks concoctions to be overly sweet and shake-like, excepting the Americana). In conclusion- a well-deserved 5 out of 5.
5	Cannot say enough about how much I love this place! I love the customer service and the drinks. I swing by every day on my way to work and on the weekends and it's so nice they have my order waiting for me when they see me . What awesome service! No matter what you will also leave in a great mood as everyone is so friendly! I have introduced many coffee and non-coffee drinkers to DB and they have fallen in love with it too.  I also love that they do a stamp card so your 11th drink is free and they also have double stamp days which is great! I say give them a try and you won't be dissappointed!
5	Best "chain" coffee I've had, beats the 'bucks' off others! Friendly staff, always chatty, and not in that "they make me ask you" kind of way. Dutch Bros. actually hires people who love to talk to their customers, it's as refreshing as my favorite double chocolate mocha (hot or iced, good golly this coffee is wonderful)!
5	This place gets five stars for the customer service alone! They are always on point, happy and friendly. The service is quick and the espresso beverages are quite delicious. Try the Iced Cocomo.. Add an extra shot!
5	Love love love this place! Consistently good coffee and the staff is so friendly! Once they see my car in line they already start making my order. Everyone knows your name.. It's like the Cheers of coffee shops
5	I will always choose DB over any other coffee shop. I absolutely love the service and the staff is always in a good mood. The drinks are always yummy and they give back to the community.
5	This place rocks with the best coffee ever! It's a pleasure to swing through this place and order a well brewed coffee. I've been to several across the valley and each one has happy, hip and friendly young people working at it jamming to great music.Dutch Bros is not just coffee it's an experience and it adds to the happiness in the world. They give you a 'coffee punch card' that you fill up and get a free coffee--which I have partaken of on several occasions. Coffee, happy people and a punch card that gets you a free cup of coffee---does it get any better? Nope. Well done Dutch Bros!
5	I try to make my own coffee at home just as a cost-cutting measure but there's no way I could ever cut Dutch Bro's out of my life completely. The coffee is nothing short of fantastic and the extremely friendly employees go out of their way to make sure you leave with a smile. Be advised, drive thru line gets pretty packed in the mornings but you can save time using the walk-up window.
5	Incredibly friendly and genuine staff! I've never had someone take their time to show such good customer service in a drive through like these guys! Nice work!
4	Love this place! The employees are always happy and really chill. You don't have to stick the menu, they can make almost anything you think of. They even have coconut minute. Their menu items do tend to be quite sweet so I order mine half sweet.
5	Their coffee never lets me down!
5	Great coffee with really friendly service from folks who somehow remember 100s of folks' regular drinks.  The only knock on this DB is that it's too busy some mornings, not because of the service, because of the popularity & quality.  We need more DBs in mid- and north-Scottsdale.
5	Great coffee + friendly staff = 5-stars. Can't ask for more! Well...I can. Please open up a sit-in cafe. :)
5	Update!  Dutch Bros has coconut milk, and as of tomorrow will also have almond milk for those of us that choose not to have (or can't tolerate) cow's milk.  Not sure if you've ever tried coconut milk, but it beats the pants off of almond milk as a creamer substitute, and it isn't soy which has its own issues.   Also, anytime I can pay $2.50 for a medium decaf with a shot of caramel flavor and coconut milk, I am winning!DB runs discounts and specials on coffee pretty frequently and offers two stamp Tuesdays to get you closer to your reward!  Note: On Tuesdays, the line is long!  But the staff is super friendly, crazy energetic and eager to get you as caffeinated as they are!
5	Dutch Bros. has the BEST tasting coffee. They can pretty much make anything your heart desires and it will be the pick me up you need. They have so many regular AND sugar free flavors that it will suit anyone's needs. Might I suggest the Kicker or their Chai Lattes! Hot or cold, it's all delicious. Not to mention they have the friendliest and most helpful staff on the planet. I will go out of my way to get this coffee over Starbucks and other coffee places every time. The prices are very reasonable and they have quite the following of Dutch Bros. lovers, you should become one of them!They just added some new exciting things to their menu like oatmeal that comes in fun and delicious flavors. The Apple Crisp and PB & J oatmeals are delish. My boyfriend who doesn't particularly like oatmeal was raving about the Apple Crisp flavor. My most absolute favorite drink right now is a sugar-free 2% iced white annihilator. TRY IT!!
5	The friendliest staff and delicious sweet drinks when you want a gut busting treat. The prices are also really great compared to most other places! The stamp card is incentive enough to come back.
5	This place is amazing. The management must be on point because every single person that works there is so happy. The coffee is very good as well. The line always looks long but it goes fast. The prices are more than far.
5	Iced Extra Dirty Chai - That is how I started my morning. And it was Excellent.There was a huge line of cars at least 5 in front of me in this tiny location. But It took only ~7 minutes to get through and get my coffee.Awesome process. Someone walking around with an IPhone, took my order, charged me and when I got to the window my drink was ready and I drove off.Love this place!
5	It is my first here. The "kick" is really good! It tastes very smooth. Definitely, It is a great coffee shop near ASU area. I will come back again!!
5	I can't even explain how much I love this place. I go here at least 3 times a week. The people are so nice and friendly and energetic. You can mix any flavors into drinks that you want. My favorite drink is a cherry/vanilla rebel. You can also get it steamed (a.k.a "wookie"). My favorite people who work there are Cameron, Sam, And Tyler.
5	I have no choice but to give them 5 stars! They all know what I drink, know who I am, treat me amazingly, and can knock out a line pretty quickly! Iced soy chai with the works mmmm! My day doesn't feel complete with out stopping by and grabbing my drink.
5	Their coffee is uh-mazing. It is such stinkin good drips of happiness. The only reason I don't frequent as often is I have a ton of points off my Starbucks gold card and I am the laziest person when anything is out of my 5 mile radius, including really good coffee and hot guys. However, I cannot resist this cute little spot. They offer items on their menu but I am too gaga every time I visit over a new variation of coffee I want to suck up. Try the Kicker and Chai Latte. And where else do you find friendly drive thru staff? I think they dispense smile giveaways with all their drinks. And that will certainly keep you coming back for more :)
4	I'm giving Dutch Bros thus rating because we love DB. Just picked up drinks here and there needs to be some MORE training. Our drinks were barely warm.
5	This js long overdue but I'm obsessed with all the Dutchies here. I always am at this location when I have the time and there has never been a bad day for one of the staff here. Always so warm, happy and welcoming. The drinks are so amazing as well. I would give them a higher rating if I could because five stars is still too low! Happy Holidays !
4	Dutch Bros is the perfect way for a quick pick me up. Quick and super friendly service, it appears that all the workers genuinely enjoy their job.I usually get an iced latte, but if you get a medium I would recommend getting an extra shot because I don't think the milk to espresso ratio is quite right. They provide the option of soy, almond, or coconut milk, which I think is great.And just a heads up, if there's a line of cars in the drive thru you might want to have your order ready because there will be a worker walking from car to car collecting orders.
4	I go organic whenever possible especially coffee so the fair trade coffee they serve comes close. The staff is ebullient and service is good. Enjoy!
5	I LOVE Dutch Brothers. My favorite drink is a Dutch Freeze with a little bit of mocha.. What this means is you get a yummy blended coffee with a little bit of chocolate milk mixed in. I would highly suggest it!
