1	Disgusting rooms, filthy, mattress torn, carpet so dirty it smells, sofa collapsed on one side, toilet seat broken, residents dealing drugs from their rooms, prostitution rampant.  Stay away.
4	I booked this room.thru Expedia. I was on a budget, it was extremely affordable, $350 for 7 days. My room is spotless, I had a full kitchen..even though I don't cook,  I felt like I was at home. Comfy bed, cool A/C, clean linen, bathroom was ok. It was quite, peaceful at all times. Pool was clean too and it was close to everything. Highly recommended
3	Like a one bedroom. Quite. Cheap. Room are decent. Not fancy but has a full size fridge and stove with some plates. Clean. Sofa sleeper pulls out. Decent tv channels.
5	We stayed for a night and it was $54. They have a utensils, full stove, full fridge, microwave, toaster, coffee maker and a pull out couch and bedroom in every room. It's not the golden nugget but it's safe, its got free after conditioning and surprisingly pretty quiet. I'll definitely be staying here again when I'm back in Vegas :)
1	I have stayed in a lot of hotels during my career. This hotel has got to be by far the worst ever! First, I booked over a week in advance and in the request area, asked for a "Quiet" room. I expected a room on the top floor, but was told that none was available at check-in. I was given a room on the middle floor, with the Gym below me. This hotel allows dogs and I know because someone's dog just kept barking continuously until 2AM when their owners came home. WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF! Then I finally fell asleep and at 4AM, was woken by people who decided to loudly party in the Gym (or a room next to me) with hooting and hollering going on until 7AM. I was able to finally fell asleep at 7AM!I complained and they moved me to another second floor room. This room had someone above me who's dog would constantly run around each night until the owner came home (Different dog than the first room). But when this person came home, they turned their boom box up to full volume and the bass resonated so loud that I couldn't sleep. (Like when a car beside you comes up at a stop light that has a sub-woofer that vibrates everything.)I also saw rodent droppings and the entire place (both rooms) smelled like rotting garbage because there were trash cans just outside each room, next to that room's AC unit. I have pictures of the poop, but don't know how to add them to this post.I had to stay there for one excruciating week because I had paid for a week. I then went to an Extended Stay America at Valley View, and for only $5 more each night, it was like going from Hell to Heaven!Please read this and pay the additional small fee for a much better room (Same chain, different hotel)You also have to pay for fast WiFi. The free WiFi is dial-up slow).
3	You get what you pay for and during my stay it was a chilled room, comfortable bed, and a decent room with no bugs or roaches. $60 is not a bad deal during a fight weekend in Vegas. I believe some of the more negative review might possibly come from guest wanting more of a Vegas Casino type of experience and if that is the case this is not the place. There are some long term residents staying here and the grounds could use a little better maintenance but all in all it was a good deal.
2	I came across this hotel while looking for something nice and somewhat cheap and the fact that I wanted a smoking room.  The pictures and the description of the hotel make it believe that it was a good hotel but Unfortunately it is not.  I mean, you get what you pay for and I that is it.  The good:  The front desk was very helpful and nice. The bad:  Where to start,  The hotel its really dirty and smell like beer, death animal and that's because they have to trash cans open..  They location its over 4 miles from the strip but for me that isn't a big deal.  The rooms witch are "suites" are really outdated and better bring your own tower and sheets..( They are dirty.    The Wifi was so weak that I was not able to connect my phone into it.  It take a lot of time to connect my computer. My room was clean and really fresh but I had to sensation that i was not alone.  I made a big mistake staying here just to save few bucks and I will not stay here EVER again..  They need to really take care of this place or just close it down for good. I usually see the good on things but there itns't anything good about this hotel except the helpful front desk.   If you can stay at a better nicest place for a little more of cash, I recommend you do.
1	Absolutely disgusting!  We paid $100 bucks to stay in this place,  it's not even worth $5 bucks.  The comforter was covered in cigarette burns.  There was nasty hair stuck all over the toilet paper holder and the towels that once were white are like a stained yellowish brown.  My boyfriend and i slept fully clothed and didn't even chance laying our heads on the pillow.  STAY AWAY!
