4	I know there used to be a Pussycat Dolls Lounge in Caesar's Palace the last time I went to Vegas in Summer 2009, but I believe that they closed that location and found a new home inside Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino.  This move took place sometimes within the last couple years or so.Anyway, I decided to check this place out on a whim during my recent trip to Vegas this summer.  There was NO cover charge, so guys and girls get in free!  (SWEET!) Ladies also get a free drink card as well, which was awesome!!  (Sorry, boys.)The PCD girls were fabulous and so much fun to watch!!!!!  I'm a girl, and I was completely mesmerized by their moves!  Can you imagine what the guys would be thinking?! hahaha...let's not go there.The music was decent; it could be better.  The atmosphere was laid-back/ chill, and everyone was really relaxed.  The stage was open to all the ladies to come up and shake what their momma gave 'em.  And at multiple times during the night, one of the PCD girls would go on stage and call more girls to come up for a free shot, which she fed to us.  I thought it was nasty vodka or something of the like, but I was greatly surprised to find out it was a mixed concoction that tasted absolutely sweet and delicious!Overall, I had a really good time and my group had a lot of fun!  Lots of memories made :)
1	BOREING! I'm sure we have all seen the Pussycat Dolls review or even the musical act to have an idea of what to expect from this experience.  I was expecting a sexy, fun, burlesque-bent style.  The disappointment began with the price of the cover charge and the drinks.  Vegas is known for being expensive but typically you get what you pay for....not in this case.The girls dancing while we stayed at the "club" (which was not very long) were wearing black, plain and uninspired outfits.  The girls weren't dancing...they were barely moving actually and they didn't seem to be having any interaction with the customers.I will not be returning and greatly suggest you save your money.
2	Super cute decor but not really a poppin' spot to dance your heart out and bring out the inner Nicole Sherzinger in you.
4	Ok, coming from a guy, a bit biased but sure that's understandable ;)  While a bit burlesque, they still do have their own character.  And if you've got your own online store to sell your branded merchandise, then you've got something great here lol.The whole atmosphere and marketing, colours-wise, does seem a bit Victoria Secret; love the use of the ceiling lights.How guys can concentrate gambling, especially blackjack, while these girls know how to use their moves, is a bit perplexing...
