5	An awesome selection of high-end, natural, organic, hard-to-find, obscure, and mainstream soaps and some cosmetics, from brands like L'Occitane, Dr. Bronner's, Alba, and Crabtree and Evelyn (in other words, a major range.) There's also a small perfume selection and a fairly extensive array of perfume oils that can be used to scent lotions or massage oils or purchased individually to be liberally applied to your person in lieu of shower.
5	Kids, if you take your mother here to browse you will know EXACTLY what to get her for holidays and birthdays.  The selection here is fabulous and varied. There's lots of fun things to buy for both yourself and any other bath-product loving person.  Additionally those that work here can take ANY scent you find anywhere (not sure about brand name perfume) and do wonders to copy it and then you can have you own personalized lotion, body spray, etc.
4	I'll stop by this place pretty much any time I find myself on State Street.  It smells nice.  And they wrap your presents real pretty.
5	I loooooove this place. Shopping something nice for myself at this place has been my secret guilty pleasure. Lately I'm addicted to the smell of Crabtree & Evelyn's India Hicks Island Living body butter. Also C&E's "natural" lines have fantastic body product at pretty reasonable prices. I wish they carried the reed diffuser and oils. The staffs are very knowledgeable and very willing to assist you. Ask for recommendations - you will find products that open all of your senses. Excellent place to shop gifts for special someone :)
5	Great selection, they have all the good stuff - even all natural brands.  It's difficult to resist the smell walking by.  Sometimes I've gotten free samples of their soap bars tucked inside my shopping bag.
5	What a great place!!! The selection is out of this world!  I love the way they wrap your purchase.  They do a much better job than I could ever do.  The wonderful smell in the store infuses your clothes and lingers with you for a while.  They people who work here are super nice too, especially Susanne!
5	I feel like I am always giving these 5 star reviews, but when I have so many little favorites, it's hard to make time for the crappy places.The Soap Opera is one of my very few all time favorite stores in Madison.  I literally walk in there every time I am on State St, and that is saying something.  I love the variety of cute bath stuff, and makeup, and Italian toothbrushes and whatever else.  Plus, even when you walk by, the clean soapy smell of the store is pretty irresistible.  And who would want to resist creating their own custom scented shampoo and matching conditioner and lotion?  Since I am a female, this is the kind of store I will always stand around in forever, and walk out with either a ton of stuff, or nothing, so if you go in there with me, beware!
5	This is the kind of place that your boyfriend will probably want to wait outside of while you shop, which isn't a problem because there are two benches right outside of the store.I really, really love this place because it's filled with so many great things by a variety of companies. Most bath and body stores stink, but the smell of The Soap Opera isn't overpowering and gross. They have cruelty free items, too. This is definitely a one stop shop for those who love makeup, body lotions, soaps, etc.
5	I love, love, love this store! Some of the most amazing lotions and potions can be found in here. Customize them too to include your signature scent or even shimmer. They have the full range of Burt's Bees as well as Mason Pearson hairbrushes (expensive sure, but it is the last hairbrush you will ever have to buy!).
5	I've been ordering from The Soap Opera online since 2002 and the service, prices and selection is remarkable. The Chucks have done an amazing job year after year and The Soap Opera has become the first place I look online for bath & body products. (They are my Pear's Soap resource!) Great work Chuck & Chuck!
4	Bath and Body works makes you smell like a gang of teenage prostitute, while L'Occitane makes you feel even poorer than you are, and Crabtree and Evelyn makes you feel you should only put their stuff out for overnight guests. And all three make guys feel like total pansies for being even within five feet of the doorway.Soap Opera is that happy medium, my friends.  It always smells good in there, but in a non-distracting, general way. They have a decent men's grooming section - razors, brushes, other manly grooming items - but more importantly, they have a lot of interesting toothpastes, soaps, and oils. It feels a little like an apothecary.They also have a lot of perfume oils you can buy, which you can then use as perfume, in lotions, in shampoo, as a room freshener, or what have you. You can blend your own scents or choose a pre-made one. The fig/moss scent is the best and I don't even wear fragrance.Service is always good. They're nice and helpful even if you have a dumb question. If you need a gift in a pinch, this is the place to go. Also if this is important to you, they're local.
5	Great little cosmetics shop with many different brands. I love that you can pick scents and customize your own lotions, etc.Always a definite stop for me when Im in Madison.
4	I was quite overwhelmed with the amount of soap in this store. I'd hate to see the bubbly mess if the store was flooded. Whatever it is you are searching for it has to be in this store. It has many of your natural brands that can be hard to find in certain towns.
5	Kind of like Mertz apothecary, but with more light. The prices were reasonable (for the products that you're buying), the selection is H-U-G-E and the staff knows what they are talking about. I bought some coconut face soap, sage deodorant and Dr.Bronner's soap. I smelled like an aromatic hippie thanks to my purchases and free soap samples. I wish we had one in the western 'burbs cause I'd be there all the time.
5	Pretty much any kind of fancy soap you can imagine is available here. It was great fun going in and browsing all the soaps. The service is very helpful! And they even have perfume oils that you can mix and match to create your own personalized scent. My brother bought himself a mix of green tea and citrus. Overall experience was great fun and at the end we got free soap samples. :]Mine was called 'ginger bear' and smells soft and gingerbready.
5	One of my favorite stores in Madison.  I usually don't care for soapy boutiques, as they tend to be overpriced and, I dunno, too whoosh for me.  This happy place keeps me from having to mess around with any other ones.The best deals here are the custom soaps they mix up for you in the store.  You select a big, medium, or small bottle of unscented body shampoo, bubble bath or whatever, then pick a scent from about a hundred little bottles of natural fragrances.  They mix in up to your specifications, let you take a whiff, and sell it to you at a very reasonable price.I keep seeing the same people there year after year.  Every single time the staff has been friendly and has known their stuff.
5	Excellent assortment of soaps, lotions.  Wonderful, kind staff.
5	I am almost sure one would be able to bathe with the amount of rmicro soap residue fumes on one's body after you leave this store...I am not girly and I have to say I adore this store. A friend works here and I try to avoid going in to distract her but oh hell...the soap is so yummy. Ask for a smell of the Rubber Ducky soap you will not walk out without buying some...you can buy it by the slice. Some reviewers on here have said you must park the boyfriend outside but not true ( especially not in the age of the metrosexual man mind you) the diverse selection of products for men is wonderbar!!..I insert my German here because most of the men's product tend to hail from Germany-- and smells come from trees and bars of soap shaped like a pine cone and what not ( park your filthy thought on what to do with that pine cone please)...Check out their website and please tell them to update --the owners think it's fine. SOrt of like telling your parents dial up is out :) The story of how they started selling out of a dresser on wheel-lies is an interesting one to be sure! Stop in if you are here in Madison --not to be missed!!! Prices are good even for a cheapo like me!
5	I have never been to the store itself but walked by many times. My boyfriend picked up some lotion, soap and body wash for me for our anniversary and let me just say, he did a good job. The lotion is heavenly and I use it all the time. And the soaps are nice too. We will definitely be stopping by here the next time we need a nice gift.Edit - I just wanted to add my boyfriend calls this place "My Hookup." I always get something from there for Valentine's Day, birthdays, etc and I LOVE it!  :)
5	Wonderful store, helpful staff, great selection!!!
4	Such a cute place! The Soap Opera was such a great little shop and had wonderfully scented lotions, soaps, shampoos, body wash, everything you could ever want. It was a little pricey, but worth it! Great gift items and kind, open staff. Heading back soon!
5	I only happened to walk into this store because I thought the store name was cute! When I waltzed in, I was extremely impressed with the quality and quantity of sudsy products and fragances. If I had stayed any longer, I might have bought a bunch of soaps!
5	There is nothing bad to say about this store. Last time I was there, an hour passed and it seemed like 10 minutes. I always walk out with something decadent that my body and all my senses love. You can spend $10 here, or hundreds. Love it love it love it.
4	The SO is a great store but they aren't perfect.   They are crowwwwded.   And I mean crowwwwwded!  The help is sort of there and not so cheerful.   I have not been there in quite a while so things may have improved.  We have always loved the selection and magnificent perfumes and scents but this place needs to be larger and the staff needs to be more helpful.
4	So cute!!  I couldn't resist all the little rubber duckies in the window.  There was such a great assortment of stuff, and pretty reasonably priced from what I can see. The only downside I saw to this store was the fact that they group everything by brand rather than by function... I was looking for a foaming bath wash and ended up being rather discouraged, so we left empty-handed.
5	Funny how I'm always writing reviews on here about the various restaurants I've eaten at, always looking for the next great thing to taste. Seems like in the process of stimulating all my other senses, I neglected to take into consideration my sense of smell. I always ignored this "girly" little shop and didn't pay much notice even as a window shopper later on, but that all changed when I decided to grab a Ginger Bear soap bar for my girlfriend one day.Ginger Bear is the best fucking thing I have ever smelled in my life. Ever. It kind of smells like a tray full of fresh-baked gingerbread cookies, possibly baked by a consortium of 1000 of Europe's finest German grandmothers. I look forward to bowel movements just so I can get to wash my hands with a slice of this olfactory crack. And it permeates its wonderful odor throughout what used to be a very unpleasant bathroom, lifting my spirits whenever I am nearby. The bar of soap is seemingly neverending. It's as big as two regular bars of soap and would wear down very slowly if it didn't cause me to wash my hands 3 times every time I use the bathroom. All this for $5...I don't think I'm ever going back to normal soap.
1	This place is a joke. The fact that it has a five star rating is even more of a joke. The reviewers have given a dumpy store five stars that stocks nothing unique, but rather a few bars of L'Occitane, a limited supply of Crabtree and Evelyn, some Alba and Kiss My Face? The actual L'Occitane is at Hilldale, Crabtree and Evelyn can easily be purchased over the web, their entire collection and both Kiss My Face, Dr. Bronner's and Alba can be bought anywhere, from Target to Whole Foods. There is absolutely nothing unique about this store and it definitely is not worthy of five stars. While it tries to be similar to a Lush, it falls very short. "Doctress Julia B" and "JoJoF" actually said Apothecary? Not even close. Go to Beverly Hills, drop into Mickey Fine, that is a drugstore but also maintains a sense of an apothecary. C O Bigelow in NY is still in the vane of an apothecary, but this place, no way, not even close.
5	Dear Soap Opera, I love you...This is pretty much the only place I'll go to get my bath products.  I only buy natural, cruelty-free/not tested on animals products, and this is their specialty!  The last time I was in there I picked up some of their own almond exfoliating soap (new fav), and natures gate shampoo and conditioner.  When I asked the man behind the counter if they hand any good almond scented lotion, I was informed that he could whip me up a batch using their essential oils! Fricken awesome! The stuff smells like a dream and really moistrizes! I can't wait to go back and just pick up some oils!This place has everything from oils to deoderant, toothpaste to rubber duckies! The staff is very nice, and you walk out smelling like a dream!
5	this place is great for any gifts for the ladies.  You can choose from a variety of soaps, lotions, etc. or make a custom scent of your own.  They wrap the gifts super well too.  The staff is very friendly, knowledgeable and the prices are reasonable.
5	Another great local place to shop!
5	I was happily surprised that the scents didn't overwhelm me when I walked into this place, and that's probably why I dinked around for almost an hour with my lady friend. The place feels like an apothecary, and you can concoct your own products. I created a scented lotion of my own, and five hours after putting it on, I can still smell it. $7 well spent!I was happy to see that there's a nice selection of men's products too. I'm probably going to go back and get the black mud soap for my husband, because holy shit--that has got to be what James Bond smells like. Adios, Irish Spring.The products are high quality and come in various price points, so even broke college kids can smell fabulous. The gentlemen working there were friendly and helpful, but like their products, they weren't overwhelming or in your face. They just let you poke around and enjoy yourself. And they were playing the Pet Shop Boys! Seriously, I think I found my new favorite store.
4	One of my favorite businesses on State Street - I always feel like I see products and brands I've never seen before when I go inside. It can be a bit pricey, but it's a fun place to go when you're looking for a gift or a treat for yourself... or, when you're in need of a specialty rubber duck. Always a stellar choice when you're in need of an interesting bath and body-type gift, right? :D
4	mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.  i have the best smelling hands ever now.there is a HUGE variety of soaps, as well as other products, here.  for someone that doesn't even own a soap dish, i really really really enjoyed this store.  it was fun to smell all the different scents.  i finally settled on a beautifully scented soap and a beautiful rose-shaped soap.  everything here seems very natural, and i overheard an employee helping someone pick out a soap specifically to her organic-soap tastes.  the only con is that, though i know soap can be expensive, it seemed a little overpriced - but well worth it.
5	I've never seen a specialty soap store that has this much selection!  The owner was there and he was so friendly in showing me their great stuff.  I'll be back as often as I can on my business trips to Madison.
4	This is the best place to get soap. Tons of free samples, helpful service, and don't forget to sent your own products. Its a bit pricey, but for what it is (especially the house-made stuff) totally worth it. I spent maybe way too much time there today making my own perfumes. Great selection!
4	Bath and body works needs to take a lesson from this place. So many home made soaps you'll stay clean for 30 lifetimes. They also have your reflexology covered wih starter kits, oils, and oodles of goodies that'll make you smell and feel pretty. Only downfall is that it's a wee pricey, but if you do around you can find something more budget friendly.
5	Overview: It is more than soap - it is about finding ways to make daily rituals relaxing, revitalizing, and generally awesome. Hits: Amazingly helpful staff, a wide range of price points, custom products, and flexible hours (M-F 10-8,  Sat 10-6, Sun 11-5). Misses: Nothing. Literally. Never had a single bad experience. Hints:Take advantage of their online options and bulk buying discounts.
5	As a newbie to buying any sort of fancier beauty/hygiene supply, I first went into The Soap Opera thinking "Well, I walk by it everyday, might as well check it out and hope I don't get ripped off!".  When I went in, I was pleasantly surprised at every aspect of the store.For a tiny space, they manage to still keep in stock a very nice selection of a wide variety of products.  They have even more items available online or for order if you're looking for something very specific.  In addition, the prices are all reasonable.  That last statement probably means nothing coming from a guy whose expectation was for everything to be over twice as much as it actually was.  But really, I feel like I got a quality product for a good price, and in addition everything I bought from there has lasted me a good while.The crowned jewel of this store has to lie in its service.  Every time I've gone in, i've been completely unaware of what I was really shopping for, but the employees all helped me out a ton in making a selection I was satisfied with in every way.  In my most recent interaction, the gentleman behind the counter spent a good 20 minutes helping me choose a scent combination for a $13 oil I was purchasing.  It's hardly worth his time to actually do that, but in the end I left with an extremely pleasant scented oil. I get this type of dedication every time I go here.  I get the feeling that the staff not only know what they're doing, but also that they care enough to make sure you know what you're doing in the future as well.After buying cologne, various lotions, facial wash, creams, and oils here, i've never left without thinking that I had a good experience.  I can't recommend The Soap Opera enough.
5	"A rose by any other name would smell as sweet"...or would it?I mean, The Soap Opera is just such an adorably proper name for a store so closely reminiscent of the celestial sounds that an opera singer can conceive. Their beautiful vocal harmony is a direct parallel to the extraordinary bouquet of aromas that graces each unsuspecting patron of this remarkable shop.Alluring perfumes of lilac, eucalyptus & mint, and coconut milk float freely and intermingle to concoct a resplendent aura of delight.Much like the beautiful scents which characterize The Soap Opera, the workers here are wonderful. They have always been very approachable and whenever I've gone to them with a question, they have always provided candid advice and are more than willing to help. Their knowledge of product makes shopping here a more than pleasant experience.
5	This place is excellent. The people they chose to work here are awesome. Good choice. The selections of soaps and oils that you can personalize is amazing!
5	One of my favorite stores on State Street.  One of the only places I have found the oil bathtub bomb things (very technical term, I know).  I also love the Pacifica, Alba and Burt's Bees selection they have.  The store itself is small and can be pretty busy but there is so much to look at, you hardly notice the other people.  They also have a great selection of soaps, rubber duckies, massage items, oils, lotions, and organic hygiene items.  I am a little bit of a deodorant snob and they have options I have never seen before!  The staff is helpful and passionate about what they do.  It is a fun place to stop in!
5	This is a very nice store with an amazing amount of soaps, lotions, chap sticks, etc.  We were greeted by a friendly and helpful staff member.  There are a bunch of different products and they seemed to be, from what I looked at, all natural-no garbage ingredients.They have some samples if you're not quite ready to decide or are looking to try something new.Great products, friendly staff, and all kinds of products to keep you feeling fresh.
5	I've been coming to this store since I was ten years old. It was a magical place that a special aunt would take me, and I was instantly in love. A heavenly cloud of magical scents for a girly girl. Years later, I brought my own little daughter here, and one of her favorite activities was sorting all the shaped soaps into their correct locations. This place has barely changed in all that time. A million choices in soaps, lotions, perfumes, massage oils and tools, every imaginable bath product to delight the olfactory and tactile senses, custom blends made to order, what's not to love? 'Tis the season, go get a special person something delightful here. You'll love it as much as they will.
3	So......... not really a place that dudes would initially be drawn in to, but they do have some awesome stuff here. Looking for a badger hair shaving brush? They have a nice selection. Looking for some good soaps that aren't too scented? They'll take care of you.I'm really particular about my soaps, shaving stuff, and scents... I'm normally a Nancy Boy (soap), Truefitt & Hill (shaving), and Bond No 9 (scent) guy, but I found a few new and interesting things here while wandering around State Street on a lazy Sunday. Definitely a fun store. Lots of samplers, good staff, and fair prices.
