4	If restaurants were fairy tales, Waffle House is "Prince and the Pauper". Its an exercise in humility. It allows you to see how the rest of the world eats while you're eating 25 dollar salads."Oh what a wonderfully horrid place! Now, if we could only find the hostess..."Can't afford a hostess. Sorry. Just find a table. Try to find one that's clean. "Very well. Oh, I do think I would enjoy some sparkling water and cranberry juice-"There's soda and there's coffee. Or they have two flavors of water; dirty tap and dirty tap with ice. "Oh, um, very well. There doesn't seem to be enough menus for everyone at our party."Share."Oh...um, fair enough then. I will have the all-star special, with cheese on my eggs and, how do you say it, my hash browns 'smothered' and 'covered'? Oh that sounds so delightfully filthy."Whatever turns you on, man."Oh dear me, they're cooking it right in front of us...that man's not wearing any plastic gloves! He's man-handling my food with his bare hands! This is outrageo--oh wait...is this how you lowly folk eat? Well then, don't mind me! GET YOUR HANDS ALL OVER MY FOOD, GOOD MAN! IN FACT, I WOULD LIKE SOME EXTRA HAIR IN MY BACON! HAHAHA!"..."No, seriously, I didn't want any hair in my bacon"Okay, well let me just pluck it out off your plate. All better then."Did you just put YOUR hands on my food too!? The gall! The bravado! I love it!"How's your food?"My bacon's crunchy, I can feel the cheese you've smothered all over my eggs clogging my arteries, these hash browns are a texture and consistency I've never seen occur in nature anywhere, and another cup of this coffee and I'll be able to do wind sprints back to my house. I absolutely love it! I'm never going back to my old life of roasted pheasant and caviar ever again. Do you hear me world, EVAR!"It's something like that. For serious.
3	OK. As far as I know and correct me if I'm wrong: This is the closest Waffle House to the People's Republic of California, about 360 miles as the BMW (illegally) flies.Done seeing your favorite team (go Manny) in spring training? Done visiting the Heard Museum? Managed to curtail your wife's urges to shop in Scottsdale? Reward yourself and visit the Waffle House, check the menu and eat away.Strangely surreal, as if you entered a movie set. Or a Southern Culture on the Skids You Tube video bit. I have always enjoyed waffles in the early afternoon since childhood and this place makes the grade as I sit down with my fellow early afternoon feasters. Happily irreverent is Waffle House. Just check out their website if you cannot visit. Enjoy!
2	Its 2:45 am, after having a few drinks with friends needed to get something in the stomach and decided to stop at Waffle House. This fills the void of limited eating options late night /early morning and most of the patrons here at this hour have the same need. Basic service, cookie cutter drab atmosphere with florescent lighting, and basic food but definitely fills a late night niche.
5	I LOVE Waffle house! We don't have them back home in CA, so it's nice to get to come here and get really good breakfast for cheap! This is along the lines of good and gets a lot of locals like Roscoe's chicken and waffles in socal. I usually get the same thing: hashbrowns smothered (onions) and capped (mushrooms), with a side of bacon and sausage and if I'm really hungry that day, either the chocolate or strawberry waffles. I haven't been disappointed yet! My friend likes the chocolate waffles and my bf is more adventurous, he gets the specials, omelets, sandwiches, biscuits and gravy and he usually leaves stuffed and very happy. I don't think we've ever spent more than $17 for two people and that's a good amount of food!The service is pretty good, even at busy times. And I'm tempted to try the all you can eat buffet for $5.99 but I don't wanna clog my arteries!
5	I wouldnt drive all the way from reno and not give it 5 stars. Ive been to the waffle houses in the midwest and south and i am a fan. I miss waffle house since moving to reno and this is the closest to us so guess what we drove here. There arent any places whose waffles even come close. I love the warm syrup and everything is cooked fresh. This place is definitely worth driving to and will be an annual vacation favorite.
5	I stopped at this waffle house it was really good, affordable prices and the waffle was soooo good. I was surprised even the people were ok dint expect this since I was in Arizona, maybe everyone is just happy since the food is so good. Its a small place seems everyone is eating next to each other but you forget it once you get your order. Wish we had them in the LA area as we lack breakfast places that are actualy good.
3	I really just had to eat here. I've seen this place so many times from the drive from California to Texas. On my visit to Arizona I made it a must try before I headed home to CA. It's a diner of course with truck drivers that eat here. The waffles here are excellent! The only place that make it better would be Roscoe's in CA. They were made to perfection here. I coulda ate just that. I also got eggs, sausages, toast ,and hashbrowns with country gravy. Everything was typical sort of like Denny's. The waffles though were like WOW. Recommendation: WAFFLES!
4	This is the best drunk food drunk money can buy. Very self explanatory, if not just order a greasy burger and enjoy. Never has any issues with this place at all, always friendly and correct. :)
1	This was the worst one I've ever been to! The service sucked starting from the second we walked in the door. No one greeted us or even acknowledged us!! It took awhile for our waitress to pay any attention to us and I had 2 kids with me!! I will never again go to this waffle house! The only reason it gets a star is because I had to!!
4	Yes !  A Waffle House in Phoenix that has service . . . and mighty fine Waffle House food.
4	Don't judge me. I love this place. I love that I have to drive through the parking lot of the truck stop to get to it. I love that the same staff has been there for years and they remember you if you have come in more than twice in the last year. I love the 'tude of the place (yes even though it's a chain) and by all reason, it has no right to have an attitude. I love that the servers have to stand behind a little imaginary line on the floor and yell out the orders to the cooks. I love how the cooks don't actually have tickets to reference, but rather have to set up plates with their secret Waffle House codes to know what orders are up. I love that the hash-browns are made with one part potato and one part greasy stuff, then stuffed in to the perfectly round molds, so when they hit your plate they are like little crunchy hokey pucks. I love that you can get the all you can eat menu, if you simply can't decide whether you want a waffle, an omelet, grits, or a hamburger. I love that regardless of the time of day or night, you are guaranteed to see something that makes your inner teenager summon up your best valley girl "oh maw gawd!!" I love that they will let a  homeless guy sit at the end chair to get warm and have a pork chop. I love the weird collection of music on the jukebox and the fact that they actually have multiple WH mixed CDs. And most of all, I love that when you order a pecan waffle with extra pecans, they don't look at you oddly. They simply add as many pecans to the batter that will fit on the griddle and when they shut the lid, the nuts get toasted as the waffle cooks. I love this place.
4	After extending our 4th of July weekend to include a roadtrip to see the Dodgers finally win over Arizona, we stopped again at this Waffle House, still the closest to the PRC, a family fun highlight of the trip.Waffle House roadtrip anticipation--Which is almost as fun as those blowing-up-propane-BBQ-tanks-with-a-Glock-in-the-desert-trips years ago. Ahhhhhh....Arizona.Having gotten tired of eating waffles with all manner of foodstuffs stuck between them, we (a family unit) chowed down on real...round...old school...waffles. Not those oversized "Belgian" waffles that taste like a ceiling tile and take the skin off the roof of your mouth. Also highly recommended is the chili--after dozens of visits over the years and around the fruited plain, in lieu of eggs with my waffle I do chili and waffles... breakfast, lunch and dinner.After milking our check-out time for a few more hours at the hotel, it's time to unplug the laptop, hit the road and have another early waffley dinner...with a Texas sausage melt for dessert.
4	It gets 4 stars because it is Waffle House....and we don't have them in Cali...However my Brother would disagree and I have plenty of friends that call it Awful House.....one down side on this location....come on guys mop the damn floor...kind of gross...Was a cutie seating near me at the counter....I got my Waffle House fix....cheese egg special for meCheap as Hell...wish we had them in Cali
1	I eat here at least twice a week but there are some new people here that just don't get customer service. I had to walk out one day after 15 minutes and nobody acknowledge me or offer me coffee. I won't be back for a while.
1	Sighhhh. I have been to other Waffle House locations, and I am the first to admit I am not a fan. Despite this, I agreed to go to Waffle House because the husband wanted to and it was 4 in the morning. I can say this will be my last trip (especially at this location). The booths were all dirty and sticky. The food came out wrong (I got a choco chip waffle....no choco chips...solution? they just out some on top. wow. The husband got covered hashbrowns....they had onions in them, he doesn't like onions....fail). In addition to being wrong, the food was absolutely disgusting. I'm not sure if it's the oil they use or that the cooktop was dirty or what, but I had a couple bites and was done. I had the biscuit egg, bacon, and cheese sandwich and the waffle. The sandwich was greasy and tasted like chemicals. The egg was overcooked. The waffle tasted terrible...also chemically....I just don't even know if this was food. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
5	My family and I stopped by this place on our way to New Mexico. Their service was quick even though they were super busy.  Their breakfast is amazing and prices are also reasonable... Family of eight; including my parents, my son and siblings w/their significant others our bill total about $80.
3	Ehhh. Ordered chocolate chip pancakes. I got pancakes with chocolate chips sprinkled on (not melted)  And we made a new friend that crawled across the table smh. Dissapointed me today waffle house
1	Came here in the afternoon with a friend and definitely regret choosing this place. Staff is not friendly at all and we waited over 20 minutes just to have some one take our drink order. The person that finally takes our drink order places the silver ware on a napkin and practically throws it on the table. Just flat out rude. She brought or drinks and I asked her for straws 3 times and she finally  gave them to me... Again throwing them on my table...definitely not coming this place again!
3	Too small, tables all close to each other not the best place to go for breakfast
4	Every Waffle House I have been to has the southern style hospitality. You are greeted and tended to at the time of entry. Now WH is no fancy brunch place, people come here for the food not the ambiance. Neither is this place gourmet so don't expect a fancy presentation. MUST HAVE: dress your hash brown! POSITIVE: fast, friendly and fresh. Tons of selection and affordable. This particular location is right off the highway, has plenty of parking, pretty spacious and cleanNEGATIVE: depending on the location, there may be a long wait.
4	This is becoming my go-to breakfast place when I visit Phoenix. The skillets are my favorite! We've taken several colleagues and friends to this restaurant, and it has been loved by all!
