1	I stopped here for the other night a little after midnight.  They are open 24 hours which is nice.  I'm generally not a big Von's fan.  I find there prices to be high, barring a few items on special and there service doesn't normally make up for the prices.I grabbed the couple of things that I needed and went to check out.  No one was around but the slot machine guy.  No one was around at all.  I could have walked out with my groceries and no one would have stopped me.  I began to walk around the checkout stand with it's light on looking for someone.  This went on for a few minutes.  Then the slot guy says, "Press the blue button."  What? I though.  "Press the blue button and then press 1, 2, 3.  I looked at him again and he was pointing down by the register.  There was a phone there with no reciever and a homemade sign that said "press the blue button and then press 1, 2, 3, for service...this is not a toy"  Really Von's?  You want me to pay twice the price for your groceries and you can't pay a guy to stand at the register?After a while longer the cashier arrived.  One item was mispriced.  I showed him in the ad paper and he changed the price.  I got out to the car and realized he still ripped me off on the wrong priced item by a buck due to poor math skills.There are way too many options to ever darken the door of this place again.  I prolly just caught them on a bad day, but oh well. I don't own Von's stock.  If I did I'd sell it.
1	Poor customer service from cashier, Sheri. She did not greet, nor did she make any eye contact. AND when I informed her that I needed a larger bag of ice, she huffed as if I was causing her a problem. Overpriced store for B-A-D service. Not going back there again.
3	Its a grocery store. Most grocery stores are relatively similar until you get to the speciality stores so for a standard Vons... its A-OK. I'm not a particular fan of this Vons because I have come here and on more than 1 occasion they have had expired items front and center on shelves. I know it happens, I'm not that naive but c'mon egg whites a whole week expired is a little excessive. Maybe its just me. I personally prefer fresh and easy for most of my groceries. Because they are smaller and have a limited selection i'm drawn to Vons b/c its right across the street. Never had any issues with the staff or checking out. I'll be back.
3	This is a totally fine grocery store. The layout is more confusing than a lot of other places-- refrigerated products are wrapped around the full length of the back of the store, with eggs/milk separated from the cheeses and wines smack dab in the middle of the bakery section. BUT there is a full aisle of cheese which I find it hard to argue with. The employees have always been friendly here and I notice that they are careful to make sure customers are getting the Von's club discount. I do have to second what another reviewer said about outdated foods, however. Unfortunately I've gotten home with yogurt that was a week past its expiration date and it was a genuine bummer.
4	I know it is a grocery store but I walked out of there last night with a big smile . I tend to be a late night shopper (I am the NIGHT OWL) so I stroll in after 10:00PM grab a cart and get my shopping on. If you are not a member of the VON's shopping club "shame on you". You can say you the prices are high and you are just buying at normal prices with your shopper's card but I beg to disagree. They had 24 ounce salsa at 2 for $4 and my coupon gave me another $1 off. Get that on name brand salsa somewhere else. I had loaded a coupon for 16 ounces of Oscar Mayer bologna for $1.49. I rarely eat lunch meat but for that price hell yay. I got the beef bologna and got to register and it rang up $5.99. Showed the cashier my print out and she rang it up for $1.49. My total bill $22.00 and change. My savings $25.00 and change. Just saying. I am not a big shopper but I do like a deal. How are about you?  It's a grocery store so in good conscience I could not give 5 stars, but it was a 5 star experience.
5	Great store better staff!!! They have everything you need. If not ask for it and they will try to get it for you.Always helpful, will open a check out ASAP if it gets busy!!!The entire staff is friendly and greets you by your name!!!
2	Employees and a clean store are 5 out of 5. Their prices are 0 of 5. This is the most overpriced store in this part of town. Winco, Smiths, and even Albertson's are WAY cheaper. I avoid this store at all costs but figured I'd grab some fruits and veggies since I live a quarter mile away. I left with nothing because I'm not paying $3 a pound for "on sale" fruits. 50% cheaper at smiths. I'm not sure how they stay in business.
