5	***By Appointment Only***Call (602) 589-9200I needed a tuxedo last minute for an event and called Suit Yourself! They were able to supply everything down to the Bow Tie with socks to match! The owner knows how to get it of you ask for it. The prices are Amazing. Just let Alan know what you want and if he does not have it on hand he can get it for you within 3-5 days.Thanks Alan (602) 589-9200
5	As a slightly color-blind and completely fashion-deficient guy, I have a hard time dressing myself beyond a t-shirt and jeans. Suit Yourself took care of it with no fuss. I had a pair of slacks to match to - I took it in and he gave me several different options after asking what shirts and shoes I had to match, then explained why one was better. I took his advice and surprised the heck out of my friends, who are used to me in neutral colors and a bit drab looking.I have never had a better shopping experience in a brick and mortar store - and the prices are not what one would expect for the level of experience and service. I spent 1/3-1/2 what I would expect to for Italian brand items. And the advice and conversation was a nice free bonus.Setting up an appointment was done in 3 minutes and I was in his store 20 minutes later. Make sure you ask him for his shop's address - the address Google has listed on Grenada is incorrect. I will be recommending him to everyone I know looking for inexpensive but good upscale men's clothing.
5	Thanks Allen for dressing up my fashion challenged boyfriend with the greatest suit last minute. You have a great selection of affordable suits and your service was excellent. We will always go back to suit yourself for his clothes.  He received many compliments on his look that evening.     You made a silk purse out of a sow's ear.. ..lol.
5	Suit yourself is great, i body build and i have grown over the years so all my old suit coats and slacks don't fit me anymore this store works with my situation by having a tailor on the spot that works with me and my body type. The store has unique and great clothes different from anywhere else, they have old school and new school styles. Great affordable prices. You are able to get a whole suit for under 100 bucks. I Highly recommend buying a suit or dress shoes at this spot.
