4	Located inside Monte Carlo, next to Minus 5 Ice Bar. Cool little joint to just hang out and chill to begin the night or even end the night. Been here at least 5 times and the DJs have not disappointed. Always plays today's hits. Bottle service prices are better than any other place in Vegas!
4	Being that I was staying at the Monte Carlo hotel, I thought it was convenient that the hotel has this awesome lounge. Not only does it have plenty of space for you to sit with your significant other or a few friends, it is also open 24 hours a day so your party self can get some drinks in throughout the day. I don't judge!! The place isn't poppin but it def has a nice vibe to it. It's not overly crowded and it has great music playing. I made a quick stop here for just a quick drink and my bartender was fun and outgoing. The lounge is clean and prices are also really decent so I would recommend you stop by here especially if your home for the weekend is the Monte Carlo hotel.
3	Cool spot in Monte Carlo to stop in for a quick drink during Hppy Hr [2 for 1 deal]. Bartenders are cool, just a place to go if you don't want to play slots [or pretend to] and wait for the waitress for drinks.
4	My husband and I ended our night here with several rounds of drinks. The bar is located inside the hotel we are staying at, the Monte Carlo. Our bartender was very friendly and attentive. There was a DJ nearby and the music selection varied and fun. They also. had various nearly naked girls dancing on a platform nearby
2	Arrived on a Saturday and there was a dj and gogo dancing by the bar but by Monday just a spot to grab a drink, catch up on sports and play video poker. Service was adequate not much more to say.
2	Just another casino bar with overpriced drinks.  Go gamble so you can drink for free.
3	This is a good spot to grab a drink and sit down on your way in or out of the Monte Carlo. It's not full of people, and the seating is comfortable. They have go-go dancers towards the back, and plenty of people watching if that's your thing, as it sits directly in the middle of foot traffic. The service is quick, surprisingly, but don't expect the stiffest drink you've ever had.
2	Great DJ.  Casual atmosphere. Worst bartenders ever. Slowwwwww. Terrible at giving change. Refused to help walk up customers.
3	Walked up to the bar to buy a drink and was served very quickly. Drink prices were pretty outrageous. I paid $14 for one drink and it was in a tiny glass that you would typically get served on the floor by cocktail waitresses. I didn't stay at the bar very long but it seemed like the type of lounge I would typically hang out at.
2	Saturday night 6 pm... place empty. Drinks way overpriced ($14 for a well drink), served by very unprofessional waitresses, who come talk to you while sucking their teeth trying to clean the food she's been eating... don't waste your money there. Go play slots and get free drink. At least you'll have fun...
