5	This place has wonderful, doctors, nurses and staff!  This location is one of several offices in the valley that treats high risk pregnancies pre, post and during :)  This practice has been around for 20+ years and has had a great reputation for quailty care for many years.
4	Went here for our first ultrasound and I was impressed with the office, staff, and equipment.The location is a bit hard to find as there is no signage outside, but once inside the building, you can easily find their suite on the suite locator by the elevators.The morning staff was friendly, helpful and answered all my questions with a genuine interest to help.  She was helpful in putting me at ease.The gal that did my ultrasound was very knowledgeable and thorough.  She was not one of those technicians that just evaluates your ultrasound without piping in with comments or facts.  I usually have experienced that at SimonMed (the technicians gather the data but say nothing to you while gathering it.. which can really be stressing since a stern look at your ultrasound can cause you to worry for no reason).  I enjoyed her company and both hubby and I were happy to have had her do our ultrasound.  The Dr. that came afterwards did no additional screening which seemed fine since we got TONS of pictures (even 3D!).  The tools are impressive and I would come here again for the same service.I recommend this facility based on the pleasant office, office staff, and ultrasound technician staff.MY ONLY complaint was that this business is SO busy, I basically had to beg the central scheduling office to find me an appointment quickly because their next opening was way later than I wanted... she was mildly helpful but eventually got me in to a farther location after another person cancelled their appointment.
5	I am near the conclusion of a high risk twin pregnancy and have had an excellent experience with PPA (7th street office).  I was being seen every 2 weeks for 7 months and have found the office staff courteous, the ultrasonographers top notch (they knew the sex of the twins at week 12!) and the physicians knowledgeable and warm.  It is true that the wait times can be long especially in the afternoon but this is a fact of life in a high risk practice where many of the patients are very complicated.  To minimize this issue i would ask for the first available morning appointments if you can work this into your schedule.  To me, modifying my schedule seemed insignificant compared with the outstanding care i and my twins were receiving.  A primary issue id like to address is the continuity of care.  This is a large practice with 10+ doctors and it is true that at time the doctor was not overly familiar with my case since the doctors do rotate among 3 valley locations.  We had no significant complications so this was not that big of an issue for us but i can see how that would be difficult for someone who had a serious ongoing medical complication and/or did not feel comfortable with the details of their own medical care.  PPA is a very large group practice with many moving parts and lack of continuity is a major weakness of large group practices as a model.  If you are not comfortable with this type of model dont go to PPA.  There are other, smaller, MFM practices out there that can give you the personal touch you desire.   I work in the medical field and felt comfortable relaying the details of my case to the physician i was seeing.  They do have your chart with them they just may not have reviewed it in detail before the appointment.  Any time i did have a question either generally speaking with multiple gestation or specific to my case they were able to answer the questions to my satisfaction.Other perks of this practice is that at Banner Good Sam and at Scottsdale Shea (i think) they have 24 hour in house coverage. I landed in OB Triage at Good Sam at 32 weeks with concern for preterm labor and the PPA physician on call came and spoke to me personally and relayed the information to the office for my office visit the next day.  I was impressed and relieved by this type of physician coverage. When i give birth in the next few weeks it will be nice to know that there is already a doctor on call on the premises.In short, PPA is an excellent choice for high risk pregnancy care if you are wiling to modify your schedule to show up in the morning to avoid wait times and if you are okay with some lack of continuity of care that in my opinion does not affect the quality of care which is outstanding.
5	This place is amazing and the service they provide is top notch. Staff is very sweet and the 3D pictures you get of your baby are amazing. The price is very affordable and if your thinking about going..... Do it!
5	I'm changing my review after being here more then once. This dr office is absolutely amazing, dr and nurses take the time to really get to know you. The wait times aren't that bad. They tell you your appointment time as the check in time so you are not late which is awesome. I'm having to come here twice a week for monitoring of my baby. I have never waited longer than 15/20 minutes. Everyone is so friendly and helpful. I would recommend this high risk dr office to anyone that needs to see a high risk dr.
