5	If you're looking for a calm workout in a great atmosphere, you may want to check this place out.  I am not into the loud pounding music they play at At One Yoga so when I found this studio, I was very pleased.  The studio is one room in the basement of Sachi Salon.  I enjoyed browsing all the hair, nail, skin and boutique items before heading down to class and think that every teacher I have met has been very welcoming and nice.  I "grew up" doing yoga the traditional Ashtanga style so finding a studio that had a class without music or at least soft enough for me to hear the instructor is nice.  The classes range from basics to traditional Ashtanga and are usually morning, noon and night.  Check it out if you are looking for a truly relaxing, meditative experience - I highly recommend!
3	I found out about this place through groupon. I went for the entire month, I love yoga and was excited about trying a new place. The first part of the month they were in the basement at Sachi salon, which was fine I had no problems being there. It was calming, relaxing and I liked the teachers. Except one time, one of the teachers did not show up and the class was full. Who knows how many came back after that?! Then the yoga studio moved into Lamar salon. I went once, and never went back because the same teacher did not show up again. The did however offer me a free class to make up for the one I missed. I left my phone number because I was told a manager was going to call me, but I never received a call and I also never went to use that free class. The new space does however look beautiful, you are given a % off the spa packages, or the sauna room I think at the salon if you are a member of Yoga Kamala which I think would be nice. My overall yoga experience (when there was class) was great. One of the teachers reached out to me outside the studio and I thought that was really great and kept me coming back for sure. I would recommend this place, because I am sure as the business grows (I do not know how long they have been around, but it seems like they are new?) they will only get better.
4	I'm new to yoga and the ladies at this location are great!  Very helpful, encouraging, and pleasant.  They seem to know their stuff too.  It's not very crowded, they start on time.  I like it and am going back!
5	I found this yoga studio on yelp and I love this place. I have been to most of the classes at all different times, and haven't had a problem with a teacher not showing up, like the previous reviewer. The studio is located in the Lamar Spa, in a private studio. I have done yoga for a couple of years now, but just at home from DVDs. The studio is wood floored, bright, and all equipment, mats, bolsters, blocks, etc., are provided. The teachers are attentive and knowledgeable. I usually rush in frazzled and stressed from my day, and leave feeling centered and calm. This place is everything I had hoped to find when looking for a yoga studio.
5	I originally started going to this place because I got a groupon for them, but I definitely want to continue my practice here.  Yoga Kamala focuses on the internal benefits of yoga, while also keeping in mind physical benefits.  I feel like I am a calmer, happier, and more whole me after leaving one of the classes at Yoga Kamala.  You definitely have to check it out :)
4	I'm at the end of my one month unlimited classes Groupon and have loved health benefits from practicing yoga. The studio is clean with large windows that let in a lot of natural light. It's very relaxing. Their equipment is pretty complete and in good condition. The equipment includes: yoga mats, bolsters, straps, sand bags and blocks. They also have a bottle of organic cleaner for the mats. The instructors are super friendly and seem very knowledgeable. I really like instructors Leah and Alex. Leah's class really makes you work and it feels fantastic after wards. Alex knows her stuff and is an excellent teacher. I've taken basic flow, all levels and restorative yoga (so relaxing!). The physical benefits have been fantastic. My core feels a lot stronger and tighter. And I feel less stressed. My only complaint - which some would see as a positive - is that they heavily stress the religious/philosophical aspect of Yoga. I'm not interested in that. I am interested in the health benefits of yoga as exercise. This includes, core strength, flexibility, stress relief and overall body strength.I really liked this studio, but wished it stressed the physical benefits more and eased up on the spiritual talk.
5	Love, love, love this studio, the teachers, and the staff!!  I've been taking advantage of several yoga studios via those daily deal coupon specials that are so popular these days.  I'm wanting to find a studio that I can make a commitment to and call home,...so far this one is at the top of my list!  Amazing customer service and the classes aren't over packed like a lot of my other experiences.  Great place to enjoy your practice!  HIGHLY recommended! :o)
5	I LOVE this studio!!!  The staff are friendly and nice.  Very warm and welcoming place.  I love the Flow classes they offer.  The classes are small but it gives a more intimate atmosphere.  I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants to start taking yoga.  I leave class feeling so calm and a nice yoga high!
4	I was very pleased with the teachers and friendly staff at this studio. Times are also good.
3	My class was great in that it wasn't too challenging.  It wasn't that great in that it wasn't too challenging.  I'm sure there are a lot of variations in terms of who your instructor is and what style of class you go to but, I have to say for the price of packages and my experience, i'm okay for now.
5	I was slightly nervous trying yoga again, especially after some not-so-pleasant experiences at 2 other yoga studios in the valley (due to grumpy instructors, loud music and packed classes).  After researching online and reading Yelp reviews, I decided to purchase the $59 one month unlimited class voucher through Yelp.   And wow, am I glad I did!  From the moment I walked in the door, I felt extremely comfortable - the front desk staff is so friendly, answering all my yoga/class questions and showing me around the entire spa explaining that yoga members can take advantage of the spa services at discounted prices.  At my first class, the yoga instructor made it a point to learn about me and my level of experience.  She also walked around during class giving everyone pointers to improve their postures, make modifications to poses and provided reminders to focus on our breathing.  That was the first class that I have ever been to where the instructor seemed genuinely happy teaching yoga and sharing the practice with her students.  I have been going to Yoga Lamar for several weeks now, trying different classes and different days and my experiences have all been positive.  I feel SO good physically, emotionally, mentally and spiritually; I can't remember a time in the recent past when I felt this good!   My voucher just expired, and I am going to re-new to become a member.
1	This studio was very disappointing to me. Their instructor turnover is high and when I mentioned that I was pregnant and wanted to know if any of the instructors had experience with poses that either should be modified or should not be done while pregnant, the response I was given was that I should do the research on my own and just start attending a beginner class. Even after having been a client for several months, by asking this important question, I was treated as if I was a first time customer with no recognition for my patronage. If the instructors are not skilled enough to be able to guide a variety of ailments or situations then I am concerned with the level of their knowledge.
5	Wonderful relaxed atmosphere, the instructors are friendly and welcoming. Beautiful studio, inside the spa
3	I want to love this place for yoga....but, it's a challenge.  The spa is lovely, and the staff is super friendly.  Unfortunately - the yoga classes are hit and miss.  I have had a couple of good instructors, and a few not-so-good.  It is important for the class to reflect what is on the schedule - for example, there are certain expectations associated with a "flow" class - such as a flowing sequence of poses, music, etc.  I really hope this place can get some great, experience instructors and have a more consistent offering of classes.  Fingers crossed!
5	Kayla is an amazing yoga instructor. I have been there twice the past few weeks and she taught both classes. The studio is nice and small and same with the classes. They have the mats there for you to use which makes it very convenient plus it's located inside Spa Lamar so you can't help but feel "zen" when you're there. I can't wait to go back and am so glad to have found a great yoga studio!
