4	Thus far I can only rate based on the ordering process (though my experiences at their old location for high school dance flowers in the 90s was always good!) , but I have only nice things to say. I stopped in here looking to order 1 type of flower for my DIY wedding flowers (having found the rest available to order in bulk via online wholesalers). I worried the florist wouldn't like me saying I only needed one thing from them, but all 3 ladies working were cheerful and helpful. The gal who wrote up my order even noted that she wanted to do a payment on pickup as she didn't want to under- or over-charge me, but said if the flowers were off more than a few dollars from what she thought they'd be, she'd call and give me the option to cancel if i preferred. This is great service, in my opinion.
4	An update to my previous review:I called upon Prairie Flowers for some blooms I was unable to find wholesale for my DIY wedding flowers. Not only were they supercool about getting them for me, they didn't seem offended when I said I was doing my own flowers. They contacted me promptly when the flowers arrived and were chatty and fun when I picked them up.
1	called to order flowers and explain that i would be overnighting a card to go with them.  when i asked annie if it would be ok to include cash instead of givIng cc# (as long as i was shipping a card there) was told "that's really a stupid idea"  i explained that there are some intelligent people who believe that giving a cc# out is a bigger risk than losing $70 cash.  called the owner dina the next day to give her some feedback as a fellow business owner. she told me "annie would never say that."  been a long time since i've been called stupid and a longer time since i've been called a liar.  rude, inconsiderate, and most definitely not customer service oriented.  i rarely write negative reviews, but stay away is my advice.
5	Great shop! They did my flowers for prom, and I was super satisfied. Awesome customer service, affordable for high school students, and they really support local causes. I would totally recommend.
