5	Apple Store in Northlake is now open! Was so much fun to be a part of the Grand Opening this morning!
4	WOW! What a difference from Southpark's store.I walked in for my 5:40 appointment & was immediately told there was a small delay, say around 5 minutes.  While I waited I was able to take in this 3 day old store.This location is so huge & so much brighter than Southpark. Naturally, the layout is basically the same.  The employees are much friendlier, too.Unfortunately, when my 5 minute wait turned into 40 minutes :( - the "check in" associate kept me informed every so often. As my recent experience @ the Southpark location, they seem to underestimate the time it takes for Geniuses to look over iPads, iPods & iPhones.  When I finally did get seen by my Genius, he was patient & did not rush me.  He talked to me "one on one" about my issue (which thankfully I only needed a hard reset of my iPhone) & actually did the reset there.  Afterwards, he checked my phone out to make sure it worked & I was happy with the resolution.Customer service...that's what it's all about. I'm so thankful this store is nearby & hope they keep up the good work...just work better on the appointment times. ; )
5	I am grateful to have an Apple store in the North of Charlotte.  I went in, had the associate answer my questions, and provide the corporate discount so that I could purchase my Mac right then and there.  Setup assistance was a bit slow, as it seems one person was working with at least four customers.  The store needs to step up on this end as many have questions about their new devices.  This was a great experience and the store was not overly crowded on the Saturday that I visited.
4	Location, location, location. And what a difference square footage can make to a shopping experience. Now I don't have to drive 20+ miles to get to Southpark from Lake Norman. Once you get there you're greeted with a zoo of gawkers and an understaffed store. No problems here at Northlake. Excellent customer service and plenty of breathing room for the gawkers and customers. Depending on your technological background, you may find the specialists lacking in their product info. No matter how your feelings are about Apple products, you can be assured that you will receive excellent customer service even if you're gawking.
4	I had to stand there waiting for service for several minutes, but everyone was busy with customers. I took my new trackpad I purchased with my iMac and the replaced it with a Magic Mouse because I didn't like the track pad. Good service.
4	I know the employees here are so very tired of seeing me.  I have had so many problems with my earphones and cords lately that I know I have been in this store once every couple of weeks and each time they have been so helpful and so patient even in my frustration.  Each visit they were more than willing to assist, even without an appointment.......that's service for you......thanks Apple.
5	Standard Apple customer experience. Happy people greeting you, asking if you need help and not being in your face or hanging on unless you need it. The store was clean, stylish and consistent across all other apple stores.
5	I have been to many Apple stores over the years. From New York on down the east coast. The staff in the Northlake Mall Apple store are the greatest. They are friendly and responsive. It is a great experience for me every time I go to the Genius Bar or go for my One-On-One. The products and knowledge are the same in most Apple stores but the service is exemplary in Northlake Mall, Charlotte.
3	I loved going to this Apple Store. It is not as crowded as the one in SouthPark Mall, and the buying experience is fast and pleasant. The people who help you buy are very good. The "geniuses", however, are different. Some of the, didn't know what they were talking about and some were just rude. We went here twice to get my iPhone replaced. They laughed at me and they never replaced my phone. Once it was because of batteries, and AppleCare happily replaced it for us when we called. Once it was because of an issue where my phone was constantly searching for a network. They got me to sign something that I didn't know. Later I found out it was for a used and refurbished replacement which I didn't deserve. It was for a brand new iPhone 5 that I had. I hated those experiences. The rude guy was named John and he had red curly hair.
5	Over the past few months, I have had great customer service experiences at this Northlake Mall location.  * 9/20/13:  I went to get the new iPhone 5s.  The process was very organized.  The Store employees used cards that represented what was available.  You stated the model, color, size, and carrier you wanted and the Apple employee checked if they had a card, which represented the stock the Store had available.  Then you either could wait in line with the card or could come back in later in the day when there were less people around.  If you waited in line, the Apple Store provided drinks and other snacks for you.  The use of the cards kept the Store's crowd to a reasonable size.  This was a brilliant idea, as those not buying the iPhone on that day could still go in and conduct other transactions without issue.  Everyone was very friendly on this day and made the process of buying the new phone enjoyable. * 10/29/13: I went in to return an accessory item that did not meet my expectations.  The girl who greeted me was friendly and, knowing the issue would require approval to rectify, immediately took me to a manager.  The manager on duty listened to my issue and took action above what I had anticipated.  This had me in and out of the Apple Store within 10 minutes and much happier than when I arrived.While Apple may charge a few dollars more for their products, in my experience, they really give you best in class customer service to justify the cost. Count me in as an Apple fan!
1	Must've caught them on a bad day...but Chuy was really unqualified and unprofessional.Earlier in the week, I had gone in for service on my iPad 3, which, thank goodness, was under warranty, because the camera had stopped working. I told the "genius", Sean, that the iPad had been a gift from a relative and that I was really disappointed when it had stopped functioning. Sean told me Apple would replace it, and I would have to come back in the next few days to pick up my new iPad. He placed the order for me, but neglected to mention that since I was not the original purchaser of the iPad that I would have to go thru World War 3 to retrieve the replacement. Apparently I am the only person in the history of the company to have received an Apple product as a gift, as the process of product replacement is, to say the least, not exactly streamlined.A few days later, I returned to the store for my date with destiny, and Chuy. He came out with my new iPad, and asked for my ID. He asked me who had bought the iPad, since the names did not match. I told him it was a relative with whom I did not share a surname. He explained that he could not release the iPad until I called the store and added my name to the account. I thought it was a little strange, calling a store I was currently sitting in, but I did as he asked. I waited on hold for ten minutes, while Chuy sat across from me looking disinterested, until a rep finally picked up. I explained to her that I was in the store and had been instructed to call the store and ask that my name be added to the account under which the iPad had been purchased so I could pick up the replacement. She put me on hold.A few minutes later, a woman emerged from a back door. She walked up to Chuy and asked him why he had had me call (I was still on hold, and this was clearly the woman with whom I had been speaking...). He explained his instructions, and she said to him (as if I weren't there) that I had to have the original purchaser of the iPad call the store. She left without a word to me, and I hung up. I handed Chuy the old iPad, and asked him if there was any way he could check the serial number to make sure it was the iPad that was to be replaced. He checked, only to tell me that although it was the same iPad as the one on his work order, there was no way to prove my identity as the owner of the iPad. I gave him my address, phone number, driver's license, my uncle's info (the purchaser), email addresses, Apple IDs, and passwords. This was still not sufficient. Exasperated, I called my uncle.I explained that he needed to call the store, verify his identity as the original purchaser, and release the replacement iPad to me. He asked if I could just hand them my cell phone, since he was already on, and they said "No, the call must come thru our circuits." We hung up, and he called. About ten minutes later, he called me back, only to tell me that he had been on hold for ten minutes, (while I had been sitting there, of course), and that he was done playing the sit-and-wait-on-hold game for something as asinine as all this was in the first place. Having been a longtime Apple customer, and an avid vocal proponent of their outstanding products and services, he could not understand why they wouldn't just take the call from him to my cell phone directly, or at least expedite his wait time.I eventually located Chuy again, who had wandered into the back somewhere, no doubt watching the light blink while my uncle had sat on hold. I again tried to hand my phone, with my uncle on it, to Chuy. He refused. I asked if there was any way he could call my uncle directly to avoid this "wait time" nonsense. Chuy decided that he would check the account, and call the number associated with the account directly. That way, whoever he spoke with would be able to identify his or her identity, and then release the new iPad to me. Chuy left while I stayed on the line with my uncle, waiting for Chuy to call him.A few seconds later, my call waiting beeped. I answered, and Chuy introduced himself over the phone. I said, "Chuy, it's me. I'm still in the store, and I'd like to pick up my iPad." Turns out, my uncle had used my phone number to register the iPad when he had purchased it. Chuy asked me my name, and had me spell it (he had already seen my driver's license and taken my name twice prior to all this). He hung up, came back out, and almost an hour after I had come into the store, handed me the new iPad. Needless to say, he did not offer to install the new software (which took almost another hour when I got home).Overall, I am dreading my next experience with Apple. While I understand the need to protect against theft and whatnot, this was just ridiculous.Side note, I am currently a droid owner, and this is the first time I have ever owned an Apple product. Also, this is the first time I ever considered getting an iPhone. Maybe this was not the best way to drum up new business.
2	I am a dedicated Apple customer and sincerely love every product I've had with the Apple logo. However, after a few months with my new Macbook Pro, the T key kept popping off. I booked an appointment online for the Genius bar and showed up about 10 minutes early. I was immediately greeted and told to check in - which I attempted to do. The appointment hadn't actually gone through which isn't the Apple store employees fault, but the fact that they told me they couldn't replace my one key on the spot and I'd have to come back four hours later (the soonest the appointment could be made) to have my one key replaced. There were several employees standing around talking to one another and I'm more than confident any of them could have gotten me a key out of the back and popped the new one back into place. I am extremely disappointed that this one Apple store makes you have an appointment. I picked this Apple store out of convenience to my schedule and location and will definitely not be returning. I have walked into the Apple store closer to where I live and have had someone take my iPhone into the back to look at it immediately.I gave this store two stars instead of one for several reasons. The store was huge and absolutely spotless. There was plenty of room for people to be helped and for people to browse with no collisions and there were many employees waiting around to help. I do not recommend this store without an appointment and also encourage you to confirm that your appointment actually went through.
1	I know it's busy here, but all I want to do is buy a MacBook Air and get out of here. Unfortunately I'm waiting here 20 minutes while all the "genius'" stand around watching their clients play. Am I the only one wanting to buy here and they are too busy or me? Poor service..
5	When my daughter's Mac started acting strange, I suggested that she make an appointment with the Genius Bar at the Apple Store here. We arrived about a half hour early for the appointment and while it would have been nice to been seen, there were other "patients" and we were only seen by John at the time of our appointment. Plenty to look at in the meanwhile and the Apple Store has their own wifi so we didn't have to use the icky "mall" network.John was a consummate professional, diagnosing the problem quickly and making a recommendation. The Mac now operates much better and the initial problem has gone away. No charge.Big glass windows at the front of the store, tables throughout with the latest Apple gadgetry on display and ready to be demo'ed.Five stars.
5	The team at the Apple Store is the best! Beginning with Dave who ran I diagnostics on my MAC and discovered my battery is dying even after I reported a problem with the chord. Yikes they have to keep my laptop for repair. What am I gong to do without my MAC for 2-3 days! At least the repair is covered.Wow it was fixed the same night so here I am the next day picking it up! I'm very  excited...except I still have a bad chord! Ughh! Now what!Ta-daaaa! I got a new chord! It's covered under my extended warranty! Yeah I'm back in business! Love that customer service! - Apple Northlake rocks!
5	Excellent service, Genius Bar is very helpful. Nothing but respect for the guys and gals at apple.
5	This Apple store, just like many, has the latest things, and is full of helpful people. I have not bought anything, but the people are helpful in answering my questions.
5	What is the point in requiring customers to make an appointment if you can't schedule effectively to stay on schedule..
