5	Convenient location off the 101 on Cave Creek.  It saved my ass today after being stuck in a half hour traffic jam.  Was about to run out of gas completely and I made it just in time and filled up with a solid 17.9 gallons. Priced the same as all the competitors in the area (at least today it was 6/11/11. Happy 98th birthday to my grandfather!).  There's also a McDonald's on the premises so that isn't a bad thing either.  They have a special going on now, 2 Five Hour Energy drinks for $5.
3	It's a Shell Station. What do you expect? There's always somebody there. They know where all 30 items are. I've never had a BAD experience at this location, but I've never had my mind blown, either
1	I have been gassing up here at least 1x a week the past few years. Very convenient location for me. I even use the drive thru car wash which usually did a great job. The last time I went thru the car wash, my car came out sopping wet. I keep a towel in my car and jumped out to wipe it down. Out of town I had to drive away and decided to come back the next day and ask for a refund. The clerk said she would have to ask the manager and came back to say they couldnt offer me a refund because I didnt announce there was a problem until the following day. No one even went outside to look at my car and survey the situation. This happened about 3 months ago and I have never returned since. If they dont want to refund me a measly $8 for a shitty carwash, I certainly wont be spending $60+/week to fill up my tank.
2	Expect nothing in the way of service at this station. Only 1 person working and unable to refill propane!
1	I've been here many times and never really had to write a review . its a gas station and workers usually OK. But today on easter Sunday came to get gas and a carwash . I mistakenly hit no on carwash button . I asked if there was anyway I can get the discount for gas . The girl was rude and Said I can sell you a wash . Unbelievable.  I hate useless employees.
3	This location is pretty typical as far as gas station to go. Gas prices are probably average to slightly above average. One downside, or good side depending on how you look at it, is that it's also attached to a McDonalds. This is good if you need a quick stop for some food, however, it does make for a very busy parking lot. I have not been inside this location, so the review is only for the exterior. There are a fair number of pumps, and although there are a lot of people in the parking lot I've never had to wait to get to a pump. It's not bad for a typical gas station, but if we're comparing it to something such as a Quiktrip, it falls short.
1	I will never get gas at this disgustingly dirty gas station ever again. Not to mention the false advertising on the sign make sure you read the fine print that says you only get that price on gas if you're paying in cash visit the Circle K next door much cleaner better establishment no cheapskates
