5	For those folks heading to Scottsdale for the SF Gians Spring Training, this is your hotel.My friends and I have been staying at this hotel for the past four years.  The location can't be beat.  You are only one block from the stadium and within walking distance of Old Town Scottsdale.Located within walking distance are tons of restaurants and bars, meaning you can eat and drink to your heart's content without having to worry about one of those dastardly DUIs.This hotel offers (as far as I know) only suites, but that is certainly not a complaint on my part.  Each room comes with a full shower/tub, toilet and a separate sink/vanity area.  There is a sitting room when you first walk in with a desk (the hotel offers free WiFi and a broadband through an ethernet cable).  Also, there is a TV in an armoire with drawers, a closet, a small refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, extra sink, counter space, coffee table and a loveseat/sofabed.  The bedroom has two queen-sized beds, a nightstand, a dresser, another TV, and a small closet area.  There is a set of doors separating the bedroom from the sitting area, but they don't do much for noise.  One of the guys in my room was sucking in the walls with his snoring so my other roommate shut the door.  That did nothing to keep us from waking up as a result of the racket coming from the other room.  From my experiences, the rooms' layouts are alike.A recommendation of mine, although not always available, is to request a poolside room.  I smoke, but I don't like smoking rooms.  I always request a room with a patio so I can go outside to handle my business.  It's also fun to hang out on the deck in beautiful weather.This hotel offers daily complimentary breakfast.  I have never made it down there that early, but I understand they have cereals, breads, etc.  Typical breakfast fare for a place offering free breakfast.  At night, however, they have a free happy hour with two types of beer (Bud LIght and I think Miller Lite), red wine, white wine, chex mix and chips and salsa.  You have free-flowing booze for something like two hours.  NICE!!!  It's great to sit in the hot tub during happy hour with your cocktail and just hang out.The Holiday Inn Express also has a workout room, although the room is somewhat on the small side.  It has two treadmills, one elliptical and a weight center (like a bowflex).  The hotel offers complimentary shuttle service between the hotel and the airport, as well as local drop-off until 10pm, if available.  The staff are generally nice also.Do I sound like I'm selling you this hotel or what?!?!Now for the down side.  Check in is late.  They pretty much never have availability prior to their posted time of 4pm.  Checkout is at 12pm, though, so that's a big plus.  The other bad thing: prices keep skyrocketing for this joint.  They don't honor loyalty and cut you a break for staying there year after year.  I'll probably continue to stay there if the rates remain below $200.00, but the rates are quickly inching up.Hope this is enough information to answer all questions relating to this hotel.  If not, visit http://www.ichotelsgroup.com/ and search for the Scottsdale, AZ location.  Good luck and happy travelling!
5	I love staying here.  First off, I agree with one of the other reviewers, request a poolside room and you can sit outside looking at the palms and the pool on an adirondack chair.The staff is really friendly, and seem to really enjoy their jobs.  The rooms are spacious, clean, and comfy.  The free wi-fi is pretty fast and I've gotten a strong connection every time.Things that I love about this Holiday:-Shuttle to and from the airport, and anywhere within a 3 mile radius of the hotel-HAPPY HOUR!  2 types of beer and 2 types of wine, all free, for 2 hours, plus snacks.  In the summer they ramp up the snack selection and have taquitos and other more substantial food.-Continential breakfast: it is good, plenty of selection, they let you take as much food as you want back to your room.-If you forgot a toiletry, they give you one for free-A couple of PCs in the lobby in case you need to get online and don't have your own-A cute little book exchange.  They have a shelf full of used books, the kind you read on a plane like murder mysteries, with a "take one leave one" sign.  I love the little touches.-Free paper every dayI just feel welcomed every time I come here, and will never stay anywhere else when I am in Scottsdale.
4	Great stay. Great staff. Clean rooms, ample parking, well appointed suite style rooms that felt spacious. Perfect stay for out of town business and meeting with clients.Would come back.
2	My room smelled like B.O. every time I entered. I went into the gym and it was disgustingly hot, humid, and a bit smelly (but I worked out anyway). The water pressure in the shower sucked - like having some midget pour water on you from a bucket. But this is not what compelled me to write this review - I was going to let all this slide. What irked me was when I asked the guy behind the desk to give me a 5 AM wake up call because I had an event the next morning with three local TV channels attending. No wake up call. Good thing the alarm on my cell phone works. Next time I think the Courtyard Marriott might be in order.
4	This hotel is such a great place to go for spring training. From the comfortable beds, 2 room suites, breakfast and happy hour beer, wine and snacks included and now cookies and milk at night. The pool and hot tub are fun, a little crowded since the Giants won the World Series.  Love to walk into old town Scottsdale and the ballpark. Go Giants!
5	This hotel was way better in every way than expected. I stayed here 4 nights as it was very close proximity to my son's home, who I was visiting. Free breakfast, free happy hour, popcorn, and cookies, make you feel like you're getting a lot for your $!  Their hotel shuttle also will take you anywhere w/i a 3 mile radius, and also to and from the airport. Really nice touch. I would highly recommend this hotel for budget traveling, free perks, friendly competent staff, and clean spacious rooms. Way to go HIE!!
5	Stayed with a toddler and an infant. The hotel provided a baby-crib. This hotel is a short drive away from Scottsdale downtown and near to freeways that gets you to most attractions fairly quickly.We got the 1 bedroom suites which were great for the kids to have additional space in the TV/dining/kitchenette area to play in. The room is spacious. Fixtures a little dated but all works fine.The provided breakfast was great. We ate there daily while we were there. Daily change of hot breakfast, including omelettes, sausages, a automatic pancake machine. Has cereal, yogurt, fresh milk as well. May be crowded in the morning, so go early.
5	[First time Out-of-Towner for Spring Training]We at the hotel, motel, Hooolidaaaay Innnnnn...Our temporary home away from home for five days and four nights. From the moment Megan picked us up at the airport to our drop off by Donte (?) our entire stay had been fantastic.The free food and booze notwithstanding, the staff is amazing. Genuine, sweet, and beyond helpful. Seriously, management over here is doing a great job. Although they were as busy as can be, none of the employees acted rude or unprofessional. They all were welcoming every time you walked past the front desk or into the lobby. These guys exceeded every minimal expectation I was having for a Holiday Inn. Shout outs to Megan and Amie, the sweetest gals there - they even left me a personalized birthday (candy & booze) gift in my room. I can't say enough about the staff & the facility...we are already think of booking for Spring Training 2013!!Their facility, as we were told, was recently remodeled with in the last year or so. The "suite" gives you an extra room with a TV, couch, and a desk, in addition to the room with two queen beds. This was plenty of room for us 3 girls. By no means was it fancy, but it was good enough. We had no complaints about the room and we appreciated the mini fridge and microwave to hold our leftovers and booze for the trip.FREE! FREE! FREE! Free breakfast every morning, weekends are a little later hours so you can get extra beauty sleep. Self serving coffee bar, an automatic pancake maker (they were gross), biscuits, gravy, eggs (or omelets) sausage or bacon, plethora of carbs, fruit, yogurt, and cereal. Plenty of options to keep you satisfied before you get your day started. Not once did we go out for breakfast...this little set-up was legit. As the day wears on and it hits 5PM, everyone rendezvous for another round of FREE stuff - HAPPY HOUR! Sutter Home stays in business from them, they pour full cups of this stuff - Chardonnay, White Zinfandel, or Cabernet. They have beer options and soda, both of which I never partook in. For snacks they have the Chex Party Mix BOLD flavor & a mini nacho bar - cheese, chips, jalapenos, and chili. As this weren't enough, in the evening they put out fresh baked cookies with a carafe of milk...all free for the taking! These items are not over the top, but they are free and filling, so this in itself is worth staying here!My only complaint is their gym. For the remodel, they sure forgot about that lonely little room with two ancient treadmills, an elliptical, one jack-of-all-weight-lifting machines, and two medicine balls. NO free weights...even two would have been nice. The line the entire wall with a mirror, so everywhere you go, which his not far, you can check your technique. This was our only gripe and we didn't mind it that much, but it could have been better!They really made our stay enjoyable and were really helpful to AZ  newbie's! Not only that, but they shuttled our butts all over town, in a 3 mile radius of course. Annnd, they picked our butts back up when we needed it before 10PM. Seriously, it was all the small things they did that makes them such a great place to stay!Not all Holiday Inn's should be judged equally...fact!!
3	Clean hotel with very friendly front desk staff! I had a room with a king sized bed toward the back of the hotel. The room was super roomy but really noisy. There was the constant whining of the tiny fridge and I could hear the water running whenever my neighbors flushed the toilet. I'm also not sure why they decided to put me in a room waaaaay in the back. Not at all convenient and not exactly safe for a woman traveling by herself. The hotel had other guests but was not at all packed where I couldn't get a closer room. Yeesh. The bathroom was nice and clean, nothing special. Overall it was a decent experience but for the price it wasn't worth it. My reservation was for $144 per night but with all the crazy taxes (state tax, county tax, city tax, some other random taxes) they tacked on, it came out to $330 for two nights!
4	Clean, modern hotel with spacious suites including decent sized refrigerators (easily accommodates a 30 pack). Staff was fantastic and went out of there way to work around hiccups. Local shuttle, free breakfast, managers reception in the evenings; and all within walking distance of Scottsdale Stadium.
3	I liked it so much the first time that I came here again in my travels to AZ. Free breakfast, fitness room, and internet connection. They're clean, decently appointed, and well maintained.They have a complimentary *daily happy hour* - usually nachos, beer, wine, or soda;They have coffee 24-hrs in the lobby, and sometimes iced tea and lemonade if you can catch the urns when they're not empty; they have cookies sometimes. I tried the coffee in the lobby, and it tasted bitter and old; since it's been mighty warm out, I saw the iced tea and lemonade dispensers, made a bee-line for em, and they were empty! If that's the case, they should really store those away when not in use.There is a pool, hot tub, fitness center, and a washer/dryer on every floor.It'd been a long-ass day working and traveling, and by the time I rolled in, it was about 11 pm. Anna greeted me, though she wasn't working too hard at putting a customer service smile on her face. In fact, she seemed kind of snooty, and didn't say much at all. Internally, I shrugged it off; she told me where to sign, circled the space on the paper where I was supposed to write my license number. I started to say that I didn't have it memorized, but she interrupted me (as I was looking down at the paper), and said, "Right there." Tired, I had no idea what she was talking about, hesitated, and looked at her, and she said it again- "ugh. right THERE. on your KEY." It never occurred to me to check my key fob, of course.As you're reading this, it sounds really trivial, but you should have been there - it was the tone of her voice. Sorry, I'm traveling, and paying to stay at your establishment, which is indirectly paying your salary! ...I don't need to feel stupid on top of that.When I went online to make the reservation, all they had was a room with two queen beds, and I called them to see if they had rooms with only one bed, and they switched it out to a suite - which has a frig, microwave, couch, two TVs, etc. Note that both the sofa and the bed were way too firm, and uncomfortable.Because of Anna, what would've been 4-stars is now 3-star.
4	Great place! I got the king size for just over $100, and pool side view. Bed was extremly comfortable. They have complimentry wine and beer every night from 5-7 pm(limit 2 per person). Great breakfast with all sorts of food and fruit. More then the usual hotel. I would give this place a 5-star, but the ONLY thing that changed my mind was how nasty the pool was. If you take a second to look at it, you can see cereal, women's hair, bugs, and all sorts of stuff. Grossed me out. Other then that, great hotel.
2	Room smelled like sweaty sneakers.....disgusting!!  Requested a room change and second room wasn't quite as smelly but still had an odor.  Will never stay here again!!
5	Holiday Inn brand perception wordle before staying at this location:DespairDriftersTraffickingMulesMystery StainsClean-ishBleachHoliday Inn brand perception wordle AFTER staying at this location:FriendlyCleanComfortableHappyYay!
4	I feel bad that I've neglected to write my review on my stay here over labor day weekend 2012. I've never been to Arizona, but hailing from Seattle I was looking a sunny weekend getaway. I'm in my mid-20's so my initial thoughts were to stay at a spa/resort because what person in their 20's goes to the Holiday Inn for a good time? After reading all the reviews on different hotels and resorts in close proximity to all the bars/clubs in old town, I hesitantly went ahead with the Holiday Inn. The price was too good not to. I'll keep this short and sweet.Pros:- FREE happy hour including 2 drinks (domestic beer or wine) and nacho bar and popcorn - FREE breakfast which wasn't gourmet but had plenty of variety and opportunities to grab a couple things that could double as a mid-day snack as well- FREE shuttle to the airport which was a huge selling point for me and they'll also drop you off anywhere you want to go within a few miles (far enough to get to the mall or the bars)- Clean pool area - new furniture, plenty of towels, and practically empty on the weekdays- Big rooms with a separate seating area to watch TV if someone else is asleep- Extra friendly staff. Most the staff here is young and each and every person who we came in contact with here was extremely helpful and friendly. Cons:- No fan in the bathroom. Bathrooms that don't have fans to get rid of the smell or the heat from the shower really bother me. - Right on the outskirts of Old Town. I managed to hoof it into Old Town a few times in the 100+ degree heat... but people in cars driving by were looking at me like I was nuts.
5	I love staying here when visiting our son at ASU. If you are a Priority Club member, they hand you complimentary bottled water and snacks at check-in. The rooms are clean, the common areas are updated and open. Complimentary coffee, tea, iced tea and lemonade throughout the day. Complimentary happy hour - and the beers are on tap! Nice pool area. Walking distance to Old Town and Lolo's Chicken and Waffles. Best Holiday Inn in the area, and I have stayed at all of them.
4	I've been traveling back and forth to Phoenix on a weekly basis for the last month........and I'll continue to do so, for the next few months. I've stayed at the various Holiday Inns (in the area). I keep coming back to this one........Its kind of becoming my home away from home. The rooms are pretty spacious. Microwave and fridge included! There is a door that closes between the bedrooms and living area. Its kind of nice if you have guests. There are also two TVs in each room. Some of the rooms have balconies - another plus! For the most part, the hotel is pretty quiet.The staff is pretty nice (shout out to Jeremy! They always have a smile on their faces when they see you!Breakfast is continental. Standard fare of fresh fruit, yogurt, milk, eggs, cereal, etc. I love the pancake machine and the fresh baked cinnamon rolls.  Free drinks for Happy hour with chips & nachos & popcorn.  Best of all - Fresh baked cookies at night with milk!!!!   I
5	We stayed overnight and enjoyed the proximity to old town Scottsdale and the hotel amenities.  The pool was great, the happy hour and breakfast even better.  Nicely done rooms and good service.
5	very nice and clean.facility is well maintaned and rooms are nice and clean.will be back.
4	Just got back from a 3 night stay for business. Great hotel - the room is big with a separate living area. I like to stay in my room when on business and felt like I wasn't in a hotel - very relaxing and almost like being in an apartment. would recommend staying here - only issue I had was there were no dumbells or free weights in the fitness center. a barely usable universal machine but that was it. that was my only complaint though - breakfast was good and I will stay there again.
5	I stayed here last night and got to say it was pleasant.   I never stayed at a holiday inn before.   The lobby furniture was super modern and cool to look at.   The room was clean and had a awesome mattress and i Slept very well.
5	I can't think of a single complaint. I would rather stay here again than any other fancier hotel. Here are some highlights:Hotel shuttle for $10 if you need to be picked up. Hotel shuttle that will drive you and pick you up anywhere within a 3 mile radius (approximate) Excellent staff that are welcoming and hospitable Delicious spa water in the lobby at all timesFree Drink and snacks at check in Free wifi and wired internetHot cookies and milk in the eveningsFree alcohol, sodas,  and appetizers for happy hour nightlyFree hot breakfast buffet with several options to satisfy all palatesVery spacious and clean rooms with great features like small fridge/freezer and microwave along with coffee maker,  iron,  and blow dryer. Awesome spa grade shower jet. (very important!) Comfortable beds I am sure I'm forgetting something but seriously if this is how all Holiday Inn Express hotels are,  I will never stay at a other chain again!
5	I stayed at this hotel from Dec 13-15, 2013, and I would definitely recommend it.  I'm a platinum member and used my points for my stay.  The staff was very welcoming upon check in.  They have a happy hour which includes nachos! And they also offer cookies at certain hours in the evening.  Our room was very spacious.  The hotel is not far from Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall.  Definitely the nicest Holiday Inn I've stayed at.
5	I've always considered myself a Hampton Inn guy for business travel but have  stayed at a few holiday in expresses as well and always thought they were pretty decent.  This location exceeded all expectations and will make me consider this chain more often, especially now that I have an IHG card (look into it, great sign up bonuses). Pretty much any amenity you can think of that you would want in a non-resort hotel is included here, and it's free: Wi-Fi, parking, happy hour, breakfast, local shuttle ($10 for airport).  They also have a fridge and microwave in the room, awesome shower head, and a pool (though it is currently closed for renovation).
5	We stayed here during a cross country move and contacted this hotel when a nearby property left us high and dry and without any options for parking our moving van and car carrier. This, after confirmation had been received when reservations were made several weeks prior to our arrival that the other hotel - the Hilton Garden Inn in Old Town Scottsdale - could accommodate our vehicles.Josh, at the front desk of the Holiday Inn was wonderful over the phone, when I called in a panic looking for a place to park our van and car carrier and for two rooms at the last minute as it was already late afternoon in Scottsdale.Upon arrival, Josh was professional and courteous and a joy to deal with which was refreshing after having the exact opposite experience with the Hilton Garden Inn in Old Town where the front desk manager, Theresa, was not helpful at all.I have traveled a lot and must say that the Holiday Inn Express Hotel and Suites offered all that I needed and wanted. The location was perfect, the lobby and hallways were spotless and the rooms were nicely decorated. There was a separate living area with double glass doors to create privacy between this area and the sleeping area. The beds and pillows were comfortable and the room had a nice vanity area and shower water pressure that was far better than most.The lobby offered 24 hour coffee which at the end of a very busy day was a Godsend. In addition, there was a nice snack area with free beverages from 5-7 on the evening we stayed.More importantly, there was a place on the street adjacent to the hotel where we were able to park our moving van and car carrier. Josh told us that many times similar accommodations work for semis needing a place to stay for the night and park their rig. And again Josh came through, giving us two rooms where we could look out our window to make sure the van and car carrier were safe...and they were!All in all I give this hotel (and Josh) an A+ and this hotel will be my first choice next time I am in Scottsdale.
1	First I have to say this review should have been posted ages ago but I forgot, so I am apologizing to anyone who may have stayed there since.Nice looking hotel but after experience while meeting friends there Sunday 4/7/2013would never stay there.After our meeting, immediately before leaving i went to the men's restroom and as I was entering, heard a toilet flush and an employee came out of the stall then exited without even a glance at the sinks, much less stop to wash his hands or even read the sign on the door instructing him to do so. The thought that someone who may have just wiped his ass might be preparing food or handling other items used by guests grossed me out. I reported the incident to the front desk and advised that he was not carrying any cleaning  materials. This location will never earn my confidence
3	I got my room thru Hotwire so I was super excited when I found out it was holiday inn the front desk check us in early #awesome we just got off a 12 hr drive and we where super tired so 5stars for that  (the reason I'm only giving 3 stars is that the A/c unit in are room dose not work very well and when we first check in are room it was not Evan coming on  we had too call for some one too fix it the front desk didn't let the maintenance guy know that there where guest in the room and he just barged in he did apologize and was quite embarrassed but still not acceptable air-conditioner unit did get fixed and started to work. Pretty decent took about 20 minutes to get cold but REMEBER the temp out side is 100  degrees so it's wasint pleasing at the start I did compromise took a cold shower by the  time I got out the room was bearable this is what I would suggest if management reads my commentKeep the air conditioner on keep the rooms cooled  for guest so that they can have a nice pleasant stay specially when you live in a city that gets really hot. But overall I would definitely recommend this place 100% Rooms where modern up-to-date and  clean. we had a two bed queen with the sofa pull out after we slept a bit the kids absolutely love the pool area sodas are expensive three dollars each Area: nice and clean there was some construction going on couldn't hear anything lacks stores and gas stations it is very inconvenient if you needed to get something like a baby bottle we have to drive very far no good restaurants around as far as I can see they do have a Wendy's fast food  and I saw a tire shop for the most part area is safe Hope this helps  god bless ps.... If you like cold rooms whit the A/c full blast call in advance and let them know I'm sure that they will do it . They do not leave A/c units on so Rooms can get hot
5	Quick check in.  Friendly staff nice hospitality hour and pool area.  Real close to old Town and ASU.  will definitely come back.
5	My husband and I would definitely stay here again! For tourists like us, it's in a great location, it's walking distance to Old Town Scottsdale. Our suite was renovated and very clean. We loved the layoutt of the room. The sink was in the main room outside from the toilet and shower. This is great because I can get ready and do my makeup without being bothered by my husband taking a sh!t. Couples would understand ;) There's a cute little living room equipped with a fridge and microwave. For additional guests, there's a sofa bed. We appreciated the happy hour that served free beer, wine and snacks. The complimentary breakfast options were good too. There's a free shuttle that can take you anywhere within 3 miles and they could pick you up too, until 10pm. Check out is at 12pm, so no need to rush out. Free wifi! The staff were friendly too. Looking forward to seeing what other Holiday Inn Express Suites has to offer.
3	My husband and I stayed at the hotel on late notice as our air conditioning went out in our condo complex.  Reason for three stars is the fact that there was dried blood or something like that on the inside of the comforter.  Thankfully I had brought my own blanket and was able to use that instead.  Also, the showers water pressure was very hard, almost to the point of hurting.  We couldn't fix the shower head as it was somehow taped together.  I'm not sure if this has to do with the fact that they had placed us in a handicap room or what.  Other than those two issues the room was very nice and spacious and they gave us a first floor room since we had to bring our dogs which definitely was very helpful.
3	I stay in Holiday Inn Express hotels across the county every week. As a standard greeting, the desk staff will say, "Thank you for being an IHG Platinum Member." Although I've stayed at this property several times, I've never heard it. Also, Holiday Inn Express will usually ask if I'd like a gift or additional pound on my account. That has also never happened at this property. Most of the people at the front desk are very nice, but I have come across a few that act like they got up on the wrong side of the bed.The housekeeping staff and maintenance staff are very friendly and personable - sometimes more friendly than the front desk people.The amenities are good. However, the towels in mutt room were grayish, certainly not white. They didn't smell that great, either.The positives: friendly and engaged housekeeping and maintenance staff, a happy hour with nachos, wine, and beer, a pretty nice breakfast variety (eggs, turkey sausage, biscuits, gravy, oatmeal, cold cereal, yogurt, etc.), 24-hour coffee service, business center, pool, fitness center, and usually ice-cold water in the lobby.Will I stay here again? Definitely, but I do hope they make a few fine tuning improvements.
4	I got an excellent deal on Hotwire for this place, albeit during the later part of summer when hotels are practically giving rooms away to get people to come to Phoenix.We received a 2 queen suite and it was really nice. I loved the shower, great water pressure. WIFI was free, as was parking. Breakfast in the morning was more than you'd expect. Try the cool pancake machine they have. Afterwards we spent several hours out by the pool before our flight back to CA. The pool was very nice, as was the hot tub and nobody was out there.Last but not least is the location. Right on edge of Old Town Scottsdale. US Egg and Oreganos are right across the street and a Lolo's is coming this winter in the hotel's parking lot. Would I stay here again? Yes but that depends on the season. This place will be going for $250+ a night once spring training rolls around. But in the summer, $65 is a flippin steal.
5	These guys impressed at every turn.  Would happily stay here again.
5	First off !Calvin is awesome! First time staying here and it was amazing. My family and I were on the first floor. Room 140 and 160. The managers were so professional and accommodating. The breakfast was great, the jacuzzi and pool was so nice and clean. The rooms were comfortable and super cozy. I got Lolo's  next door, used the work out center and drank coffee /tea all week. The little chips and wine happy hour was a nice touch. I think I will consider this hotel chain from now on when I travel. The staff members make the establishment shine. Being a former hotel manager and from the hospitality industry, I can say, they are on the same level+ with some of the best hotels. (Dream hotel NYC & and the Intercontinental Los Angeles.)Thanks ladies and gents!Aleandre
5	First off !Calvin is awesome! First time staying here and it was amazing. My family and I were on the first floor. Room 140 and 160. The managers were so professional and accommodating. The breakfast was great, the jacuzzi /pool was so nice and clean. The rooms were comfortable and super cozy. I got Lolo's next door, used the work out center and drank coffee /tea all week. The little chips & wine happy hour was a nice touch. I think I will consider this hotel chain from now on when I travel. The staff members make the establishment shine. Being a former hotel manager and from the hospitality industry, I can say, they are on the same level+ with some of the best hotels. (Dream hotel NYC & and the Intercontinental Los Angeles.)Thanks ladies and gents!Rick Aleandre
5	What a great experience. If you ever in Phoenix area and you are looking for an affordable and clean location this is definitely your place. We stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of our trip and at the end for 2 more nights. The rooms are clean, spacious. We had a small bedroom with a lounge area. They have great breakfast..big choice of waffles, toast with cream cheese, jam, etc. The staff was very friendly and always gave great tips on nice places to eat in the area. If you feel like shopping it is just a stone away from Scottsdale shopping mall and streets with bars and restaurants. They have a free shuttle that you can use to go around the neighborhood. Their complimentary happy hour is also a great touch.
