5	I finally found my barber. It took me 3 years but after a dozen inconsistant overpriced other barbers I found Kim. !'m 42 & only need a basic haircut once a month. Kim comes through with resonable rates, always on time & a clean clean shop. Thanks Kim
5	The best barber anyone could ask for. She cuts my hair perfectly, is nice, and the facility is always clean.
5	5 stars, without hesitation.  I got exactly the cut I wanted, the ladies there were friendly and the shop was clean, well-lit, open and airy.  The price was reasonable.  All in all, a top-line operation.  I'm not from around here, but if I'm in the area again and need a haircut, this is where I will come.One thing to know is that the shop can't be seen from Dysart.  They are actually on the north side of Van Buren, a couple of hundred feet west of Dysart.  Look for the "BARBER" sign.
5	I miss you since we moved an hour away, but we still find an excuse to come your way when we can for my husbands haircut. Nicest place and lady ever and not to bad with the scissors and clippers!  (^_-)
5	Kim is a very sweet lady and always makes you smile as soon as you walk in but best barber hands down is Ish. check this guys work out he's pretty bad***
3	I like coming here to get my haircut. The prices are good and it's never too crowded. I like when Kim cuts my hair she always does a good job. I have had my haircut by others in her shop and just didn't like it. So if she's not available I'll try back another time.
2	I was driving past and saw a sign saying $5 haircuts. I pulled up to Kim's and parked directly in front of the door and decided to call and confirm that this was the barber shop doing $5 haircuts. My exact words "Are you doing $5 kids cuts?", her response "yes" to which i replied "OK, we're coming in". Short, sweet and to the point. I immediately unloaded my 6 yo and took him inside. Kim did a great job on his hair. very cute cut. I handed her $7 and walked out, when i started loading my kid into our luxury sedan she ran out and said the cut was $11. I reminded her that I just called and confirmed it was a $5 kids cut, she preceded to go on and on so i just paid the $11. I didn't understand what had happened until i got in the car and the other adult i was with said Kim had watched us leave the shop and load up before coming out, like scoping out the type of car we were in. I'm very disappointed, i feel like i was gouged for having a nice vehicle. had i known it was going to be $11 for a trim i would have taken him to my stylist. Make sure you agree to a price IN PERSON beforehand.
5	Found this place with Yelp. Great place, I will be back.  Friendly service, and no waiting. With so many barbershops in the area now, we can be picky. This place rises to the top of my list.
5	Great place great cut would recommend will be back just keeping it real 100 I got done really fast and time when so fast when I was done I was already and there you go would be back again
5	When we first moved to Goodyear over a year ago my SO was worried he wouldn't be able to find a good barber shop - but we hit the jackpot with Kim's.  She's done his hair almost every time, and is amazing.  My SO is a Marine vet and loves his high-and-tights and Kim does it right every time.  We come back monthly and will until we no longer live in the area.
5	Kim barber is awesome! Kim is so nice and she remembers her customers names that says a lot. Sisco & Ish are great barbers and know all the latest cuts. Price is very fair for the area. Best spot in Avondale
