4	Oh man. I am so stoked.This place is tiiiiny, adjoins a yoga studio, and has some really, really good food coming out of it. They brew local coffee, cheaply, and have some tasty vegan/raw desserts, but the small container of couscous (pine nuts galore, delicate flavors of thyme and rosemary, amazing richness, topped by some micro greens and two sliced cherry 'maters) I just inhaled tells me something special is happening here.The menu is dependent on whatever local stuff they source each morning and changes accordingly. "Mains" seem to come in at about $8 and are not huge, but not tiny, in portion size. Tibetan flags hang down from the super-high ceiling. Very vertically airy, but they needed more floor space (and will need even more, I predict, once word gets around) so a lot of the seating is outside on the "porch". Whether this is how it was at Tea Rex, I'll never know, cos I never got to go there. I agree with Jonathan-- friendliest staff EVAR. Randy used to work at the formerly awesome Talley's and, on top of being a sweetheart, obviously knows what he's doing with food.Open every day, I believe, 6am-3pm.
5	Was so happy when I found this place.  My son is taking Budokon classes in the adjoining gym, so happily I will get to visit often.  I have had such a hard time finding healthy food options around here.  RFC is just what I was hoping to find.  FIrst, it smells amazing.  Second, it tastes just as good.  I went by yesterday hoping to get some soup to take home for dinner, and realized that they close at 3pm.  I too would love to see them open later, but I will just have to stop by earlier and get takeout.  They have a great selections of smoothies, coffee and baked goods, and the staff is super friendly.
4	Fantastic!  So nice to be able to pick up something quick that's actually healthy. Staff is so nice. Great New Orleans music playing when I stopped by. Fresh & healthy. I also had the Ginger/Lemonade, very refreshing. Be careful though because it has an intense fresh Ginger punch. I'll be a regular!
5	I've only been once, but it was delicious.  I had the mamma's mushrooms minus the pita.  The mushrooms were seasoned perfectly, I got a side of hummus and that was wonderful, too.  The plate also came with a side salad - mixed greens, topped with sprouts and nut clusters.....YUM!  Can't wait to go back.
