4	New indian restaurant in St Denis. I came here with some friends on Saturday night. The service was one of the best I have had in my life. Super friendly and fast. The food was really good. We all ordered different stuff and we all loved our meals. The bread and the rice is really yummy. The only down side is that the bathroom is not very clean. Overall, very good experience. Good prices. I will be back!
1	Used a coupon on a take-out order, so they overinflated the prices by using the prices from the sit-down menu instead of offering the normal take-away prices and prices a special meal as separate items on top of that. So we just feel like we were ripped off and won't be returning. So, you got us to try your food and your restaurant, but you left us with the lasting impression that you are dishonest and not a place we want to go back to. What's the point of the coupon if you are going to chase away the people you want to come to try your food? Avoid!
1	Worst indian food i ever had. there cottage cheese was so hard and when i especially ordered my food to be extra spicy it was still too sweet and there kulcha naan is just onions garnished over a naan.
1	I hoped for a basic tuesday night at home with some basic indian food. Did not have high expectations, i just wanted a basic meal. I ordered online, and it took very long to receive my meal...and it was dead cold, i.e. more than cold-ish. The Naan bread was dry, very dry and all was missing in spices (mild and hot). If this had been a 10-12$ school cafeteria lunch, it would have been a half-decent lunch. But as a 26$ basic-combo dinner from a restaurant, shameful. Go to Parc-Extension for good indian...
4	I frequently stay at a hotel close to this restaurant and have walked by without stopping in many times in the past year.  My desire for a quick, easy Indian meal overcame the Yelp review based reticence and I took the plunge last night.  Have to say that I was pleasantly surprised!  The Vindaloo was fresh and appropriately spicy and the lamb curry was executed with a rare sense of balance.  The combos were also an exceptional value.During my most recent stays I had the opportunity to dine and take out; both options resulted in similar quality experiences. I noticed that a lot of the negative reviews on this place seem to involve third party delivery services and coupon redemptions.  This  place is very reasonable options for high quality Indian in Mid-town Montreal.
