4	My name is Daniel. S, and pertaining to this review, the "S" stands for "Saving you money parking at McCarran International Airport." And to save money parking at McCarran International Airport, my advice is to follow the blue and white signs to the Economy Parking Lot.  Long-term parking in the Economy Parking lot is far less $ than the McCarran Terminal 1 parking garage. Long-term parking at Terminal 1 currently costs $16 a day whereas long-term parking at the Economy parking lot is $10 a day. That $6 savings a day adds up! When we left the car at Economy parking during the week we were in Seattle, we saved $42. If we were away for two weeks, we would of saved $84 parking here.   The thing about spending way less money to park at the Economy Parking lot over the Terminal 1 long-term parking is that you are not going that much out of your way. The Economy parking lot is just north of Terminal 1. There is a shuttle that travels between Economy Parking and the Terminal 1 Zero Lot. I would estimate you can board one at 15 minute intervals. The shuttles are comfortable. Every shuttle driver, who greatly appreciates a tip, has been friendly. There had been a few times where the shuttle driver has dropped us off right at the car. The ride itself is 5 to 10 minutes.  The Economy parking lot is the equivalent of a few football fields of concrete. There has never been an issue of trying to find a parking spot. There has likewise never been an issue with safety. A problem I could see happening is somebody becoming so absorbed in travelling that they forget where they parked.   The Zero Lot, where the shuttle drops you off and picks you up at Terminal 1 is an identical distance from long-term parking. It is a moderate walk to ticketing (McCarran is so large) and relatively easy walk from baggage claim. Another word about the Zero Lot is that there is plenty of shade. So on hot days it is not a painfully uncomfortable experience waiting there.  When it comes to long-term parking at McCarran International Airport, my check-ins resume at Economy Parking. A saving of $6 a day adds up. In our case it added up to $42 (more money for yelping at restaurants). And to me $42 saved is $42 earned.The 2013 Yelp 100 Challenge. Review #155.
3	home sweet home... I took this one reviewers advice and decided to park in the economy lot during my 3 week stint in Chi town.   I figured even if I'm not paying for it, it makes sense to save m'boss the 6 bucks a day.   Well saving's aside, the creepy lot attendant lessened my experience dramatically.   He wasn't inappropriate, just inappropriate since he was pretty much there to work not hit on the patrons.   Anyway, 3.
3	I don't like the idea of a taxi picking me up from my residence and then taking me to the airport, since then they'd know exactly where I live and the fact that I'm going to be away from my home for a significant portion of time. Basically, I'm a paranoid person. And since my flights are regularly delayed, I hate relying on someone else to drop me off and then pick me up from the airport, especially when I don't know what time I'm actually landing. The resolution? Use the economy lot at LAS. The area seems relatively safe. I'm not sure if it's regularly security patrolled, but at least the shuttles are driving around the area often enough and keeping their eyes peeled. The charge is $10/day that can be paid by either cash or card upon exit. Do yourself a favor and remember the lot area you are at since the shuttle taking you to the airport will ask you and you know where to go to get your car later. It's always a good idea to take a photo of the lot area and the blurred # on the ground if you can. The shuttles come pretty frequently to take you to the airport, but they can fill-up and the shuttle drivers will not allow anyone to stand inside the shuttle. Have a couple of bucks handy to tip the driver, especially if they are loading luggage in the back for you. I haven't had an issue with luggage being taken by someone else, but again, I'm a paranoid person who puts a bunch of ridiculous things on their luggage to distinguish it from anyone else's luggage then peers out the window as people leave to make sure they didn't take my luggage. The only time I don't like parking out here is over the summer, when the sun is beaming down hard, so I'll make my way to regular and expensive covered parking ($14/day). During the holidays and other peak travelling times, spaces may be hard to come by, so prepare to drive towards the end of the lot to find vacancies.
