4	I would submit a 5-star rating here but let's be real, NO apartment community is perfect.Beautiful upgrades, gorgeous resort style pools, state of the art fitness center, it's a renters best case scenario and it's AFFORDABLE!
3	The staff are extra rude and one can only assume that enough people live here. Because chase n away new clients is never ever a wise choice should you have a business. From what happen to me the staff didn't wish to be talked to. They act like they at home and your walking into their office is a huge waste of their time. Also why are their pets in the office to start with? You cant sit nor did I wish to sit where a cat is. I don't want cat hair on my outfit. But nevertheless the staff didn't try to move the cat either way. I started to say...Should I move here will the cat pay my rent? Because the cat is not a customer so why does the cat have a place to sit when a paying client has to stand? But I will leave them to tend to their office cat. But common sense and trustworthy staff don't run hand and hand in Vegas or so it seems. Im growing tired of the way WE clients are treated.      MY OVER ALL VIEW:As for the property it self...Their is no reason as to why you need staff to hook you or get you hooked. The Property is just gorgeous. I am a deep thinker and I had to see if the good outweigh their bad in this case. But truth is who wants a gorgeous place to live if the people in the office are stand offish, rude, mean, negligent, savage, careless, unprofessional and unconnected. Over all I give 3 stars for the Property. I did not meet the owner of this property but one is left to assume that the owner has hired staff with the same traits/beliefs and work ethic that they them self  possess or has.
4	I moved here a month ago and couldn't be happier. Honestly, I rented site unseen since it was right up the road from my office and my main motivation was cost and convenience. Moving from Denver I like the idea of riding my bike to work and leaving the car parked. I do that everyday now.But onto the apartment...They are well kept up and obviously just had new upgrades. The granite countertops are a nice touch, the private staircase is more convenient, and I love having a balcony for my bike. It's also nice having a screen door with the sliding glass so I can get fresh air whenever I want.The staff has always been super nice to me and gone out of their way any time I've needed something. As for the person who said the staff was rude and such, well after reading through that fantastic piece and all it's wonderful grammar, I can only imagine that they WERE  probably trying to run you off. I wouldn't want you as a neighbor.The grounds are kept very clean and my neighbors are quiet. I rarely hear anyone around me even with the door open constantly. I know some people think this is a "questionable" area being off Boulder HWY, but this part isn't really that bad. I ride  my bike to Walgreens and the gas station all the time and have yet to feel unsafe. The property itself does have gated entrance, which I think helps deter some people.All in all I'm very happy with this complex. They gave me a screaming deal, so it's even more super affordable and convenient for me. I would totally recommend it to anyone looking for a good place for a good price.
1	Worst place ever!! The staff is great, until you sign your lease, then they are the worst people to work with. I moved in and was out within 6 months. I always had problems with maintenance in my unit, the AC would be out, or the water heater wouldn't be properly working. There were so many stray cats in the complex. No privacy, every window looks int he window of someone elses room. Gated community means nothing. Security a joke.
1	I rented there a year ago and it has a great location, but they kept having to spray for roaches. I moved into one of its other neighboring properties the Arzano and everything was fine until I left. They jacked me for my security deposit for damage that was clearly ridiculous. Arzano is way more attractive, but not worth the price. Also I agree with the other comment, security was a joke. I will say there was a couple nice employees at Arzano, but Firenze staff was pretty unprofessional.
2	Moved here unknowingly from out of state upon my honorable discharge from the army. It could have been better.1 - I was robbed from this location because security is a joke. Don't let them fool you with "we have nighttime roving security". I lost track of how many times I've seen security sitting down with earphones in.2 - Unless you live directly around the clubhouse, there's no camera coverage for you in case something occurs...like a burglary!3 - Management is ok. The junior employees are helpful and nice. Can't say much for anybody above them...4 - Again; security - I don't know if they're tenants waiting to get in but everyone and their mother waits for a tenant with a gate opener to enter the property. Or waits for someone exiting to enter the property. How about get some one-way spike strips? The gate to tenant calling operation is crap. You MUST have a 702 number to operate it to open the gate for yourself.5 - Can't speak for anybody else but if you're on the first floor, bugs central.6 - I cleaned the hell out of these apartments when I left, and still owed some on my deposit. I over-cleaned personally having moved into a less than stellar apartment.7 - The property is nice. Very green and well groomed. Outside of the apartments is good too. Very close to the Galleria Mall and Costco. If you're a Costco shopper.Overall, keep looking but it's not the worst place to move into. Good luck on your search!
1	The worst property management! Had so much problems with this place I called corporate office and even spoke to the Vice President of the company and she was also rude and unprofessional. The assistmant manager at the property has always been unpersonable and rude. She had left me a message letting me know that I owed them $75 dollars because their was an issue with my check. When I asked what was wrong she said "I don't know call tomorrow when the manager is here." I call the office the next day and the manager says the same thing and can't explain to me why I owe them $75. That is when I called corporate office and spoke to an accountant who had someone else in the background she was talking to. You could here the person in the background talking crap about me, being completely unprofessional and rude when all I asked for was what was wrong with my check. I thought the behavior was out of line and told the accountant I wanted to address my frustration with someone higher. She then told me she would transfer me to the VP of the company. You would think that this woman would have the decency to at least listen to a customer, especially if they are 1. upset 2.have never been delinquent 3. are nice on the phone. She immediately says to me when she answers the phone "first of all that wasnt the assistant manager on the phone...you called corporate office so how could it be her in the background?!" I'm thinking, is that supposed to make it any better? Regardless who it was they were very unprofessional and out of line and it's dissapointing that coming from the top of the company even she is unprofessional and rude. Come to find out that of my 15 months living there I accidently wrote my rent with an old check book that the account was closed. When asking if they could waive the $75 I was told no. I know my lease agreement and what I signed and no that I am responsible for my error. What my issue is, is that I know for a fact that the office waives fees for other residents all the time. I have neighbors/friends that have told me they have had fees waived for them. 15 months living there, never late, never had a returned check until the final check only because during the midst of moving I grabbed the wrong check book... OHH and another thing my car was ALWAYS parked in front of the rental office with the security patrol who just stands there all night not doing his job and my car got broken into. TWICE.DON'T RENT HERE!!!
2	The complex looks very nice but the management is very mediocre. My roomie and I are students from out of state. We sent e-mails back and forth regarding logistics, went through the expensive application fee and put down a deposit 2 months before our scheduled move in date. Then 2 days before we were scheduled to move in, they sent us the lease and told us we couldn't move in until it was signed and notarized. VERY UNORGANIZED AND POOR TIME MANAGEMENT on their part. Moving in : UNORGANIZED. My roomie moved in before I did and so they left my set of keys with the manager. When I went to move in, the manager was not in the office and I was being helped by Jackie (who is super sweet). She told me all the keys were checked out and my roomie must have had them. Later that day I got a call from the manager saying she had my key and I could finally move in. When I moved in, the wooden laminate floors were dented, the paint job was horrific (they were sloppy and painted part of the floors and even the fixtures like the door knob). The floor has a clear plastic coat over it with hair stuck in it, it's just bad. Also, check under your fridge. I found sauce packets from restaurants and a molding avocado peel. Piss poor job of cleaning (and you pay $300 for that "cleaning" fee when you move out).BUGS: If you live on the bottom floor, bugs are a problem. They have a lot of cockroaches and crickets. Luckily you don't see cockroaches walking around the complex, but you will wake up to them just hanging around your kitchen or bathroom. They do have a bug guy that comes every Monday that you can request to have them spray your place. But even after that, we still get bugs inside. Gym: They have a dinky little gym and their free weights are constantly being stolen despite the surveillance cameras. I have lived here for almost 10 months and the free weights have been stolen twice. Also their elliptical machine has been broken for the last 2 weeks. They have AC in there but management controls it since it is encased in a plastic box. I can't tell you how many times I've tried to work out in there and it is 83 degrees inside the gym. I know it is an apartment gym and shouldn't be expecting much but I did not sign up for sauna. Security: Pretty non-existent. They have 1 person just walk around the parking lot. They are very non-threatening and basically can not do anything to protect anyone. Plus when I work out at night, the security guy would just be watching TV in the gym while I worked out. At least I would be safe if I were attacked in the gym. Re-leasing: You probably think I am crazy for extending the lease. I know I am. But my roomie and I are only here for school and once we graduate, we are leaving! THE RATES CHANGE on the apartment. So even though we are being loyal residents, they don't give a S***. They will increase your rent, due to the "demand and inflation." So our rent is going up at least $100/month. And this happens every  year. I met a local that also lives in this complex and she told me they first increased her rent by $60 and this year they want to increase it by an additional $60. When you talk to management, they listen to you but they are not helpful at all. Personally if I ever decide to stay and rent again in Vegas, stay away from the Ovation management. They're a business just looking for ways to get your money
4	RENT HERE! Best apartment complex hands down! Prices are the unbeatable, updated and modern design. Clean grounds. Beautiful pool and large spa. Staff it's sweet! We signed up with Britney who was beyond helpful! ONLY downfall would be the bugs :(Other then that's I am a happy tenant!
