5	Getting nailed. jijijiYesterday I was on a hunt for a new nail salon/spa. Well sure enough I found one.I walked in, and they were very welcoming. They asked what I needed, I advised I needed some white tips. They accommodate to me and my daughter Natalie. Providing her with a Dum Dum while she sits there watching the whole thing go down.As they proceed to take of my black layered over pink nail polish that I put on my self. I scope out there area.  Everyone has their license up. They have a whole section for Pedicures. Which was pretty nice. I have never had a pedicure, So I am very curious as to how that feels and what exactly that consist of.Anyhow, Joang who was my manicurist and did a wonderful job. I can't stand thick nails or lumpy ones either. He did a really great job they are nice and thin and he put and extra coat of clean shiny nail polish. I kept on calling him Juan. Every time I did he would laugh. This place is great. Very friendly and I only paid $25. plus a tip.
5	Absolutely love Nevada Nails everyone is very friendly here. Lyn the manager is very nice and very good at what she does, of you are looking for designs Lyn is your girl . Lyn also does the best eyebrows.JORDAN  IS THE BEST. He takes his time (literally) but everytime he does my nails they last twice as long. I've been coming here for a year and half and do not have any plans of going else where
5	I go here everytime I get my nails done. it's very peaceful inside and they have a wide selection of nail designs to choose from. they are all very friendly staff as well.  the prices are also pretty average.
2	Bought out by new owner ... Telling everyone that has left they are on vacation my nail guy left and can't blame him the place went down hill dirty very dirty! Not being managed by anyone one and I can tell it went from being busy to just no customers I sure not coming back my gel nails have bubles if I do come in is just if Lana and Tiffany for pedi and eyebrow
2	The tech half painted my nails and butchered my eye brows. I will be spending my money somewhere else next time.
