5	I thought UPMC Urgent Care Shadyside offered great & quick service. Despite being walk-in only, I didn't wait more than 10 minutes to be seen. The staff was friendly, helpful, and ran the place efficiently.
2	The only positive statement I can make relates to the front desk staff; they were kind and easy to deal with.  I went at a particularly busy time and no seats were available, I had to sit on the floor for close to half of my hour long wait.  No one attempted to find additional seating for those of us waiting to be seen or waiting for patients.  When I finally saw someone, it was an extremely young and inexperienced physician's assistant.  She didn't take into account my questions, concerns, and previous experiences with the same illness.  If you are looking for high quality care, go elsewhere.
5	I lacerated my thumb in an awkward spot. It didn't seem serious enough for an ER trip, I really couldn't fix it myself, and I kind of remembered UPMC sending something out about their new facility. I called them, confused about what to do, and while it wasn't something they could really advise about over the phone, I did feel better after the conversation and decided to go in. There is free parking adjacent to the building in an area where there is no free parking, high competition for street parking, and I didn't have to park in a multi story structure. If I'd have gone to the ER - fee for parking and a hike to its door from the car. The receptionist was cordial and professional. The intake receptionist was caring and professional. And a lovely good natured person as well. She was equipped with some basic first aid supplies at her desk which I found thoughtful and well prepared (I was bleeding) and checked me in rather quickly. I paid $35 to be seen, which I consider a bargain compared to what I think I would be billed for an ER trip. I waited 5 minutes to be called by a nurse, who I observed using good hand hygiene practices. She was very competent at recording my history, taking my vitals, and keeping my bleeding under control. She was professional and caring. She let me know the next step would be for a physician or physician assistant to attend. I waited a few minutes for the physician assistant to enter. I observed her using good hand hygiene practices. She was a very good listener, professional and caring. She examined me, answered all my questions graciously (I asked lots) and took care of my wound. While I wish I hadn't needed to go, I'm glad I found such a place exists. It was the right place for my kind of injury and level of urgency. After my experience and reading some other reviews, I think I have a more accurate idea of how and when to use this kind of service.
5	This is one of those places I wish I'd never had the opportunity to review.But alas, I was experiencing an extremely sore throat (couldn't swallow my own spit without wincing, coughing was also terribly painful), a fever for two days, a headache, a runny nose... Full disclosure: I cried from the perpetual pain more than once, and nothing OTC would help. I'd lost my voice and was unable to call my PCP to see if they could see me the same day. My SO called for me and they didn't have an appointment until the next day. Commence crying bout number two of the day.Once my SO (also my ride) got home from work we headed straight to Urgent Care (think prime rush hour time).There were plenty of parking spaces (and the parking is free), and there was no wait so the receptionist immediately saw me. She was good about not making me talk since it hurt like a mother and I didn't have much of a voice. I paid my co-pay, waited about three minutes I would say, and was called back by an assistant. She took my vitals, asked me about why I was there, symptoms, what meds I'm taking and swabbed my throat to do a rapid strep test. She told me someone would be in shortly to see me. I didn't have to wait too long, maybe 4-5 minutes, but it was long enough to get in a third cry from the pain. I'm not a wus I swear! It felt like I'd inhaled fiberglass into my throat.The PA that saw me (Kelsey Cattley) was cheery, upbeat and understanding. She did the standard 'are you sick' routine (gland check, looking at my nose, throat and eyes, listened to my breathing) and asked me about my symptoms and if I'd been exposed to strep. The rapid test came back negative, but she did a second swab to send out for cultures just to double check since untreated strep can be bad news. She told me what OTC meds to take and gave me a script for numbing mouthwash so I could get some relief (magic swizzle is the shiz!). I was in and out in probably half an hour, was able to get relief from my pain and had a very positive experience with this place. This was my first Urgent Care experience and while I was a little hesitant about it, I couldn't wait for my PCP and waiting in the ER is always a so-so experience. I'm glad I came to Urgent Care; with my insurance it cost me the same as an appointment at my PCP so I have no complaints!
4	I'm really happy that Urgent Care exists and the days of sitting in an ER for hours on end are mostly over for small-time illnesses and injuries.  I've been here about a dozen times since it opened, and only one time did I have an extended wait.  Every other time, I hadn't even sat down before they are calling me over to get checked in.The facility is spotless and the staff is friendly.  I appreciate the follow-up call the next day to make sure your issue is resolved or at least on the way to being so.  They offer free parking in their lot (make sure to get a token to exit from the receptionist).  Bonus, they even offer x-rays on site!  I was in and out in 30 minutes during my last visit, including a chest x-ray.  Wow!
4	Pretty good as far as urgent care goes.  I went here twice. The first time, I was seen immediately since they follow the ABCs of triage like ERs--I was having some trouble with a respiratory infection and was taken back right away.  They took good care of me.The second time, I was also brought back to a nurse as soon as the receptionist took a good look at me.  I'd had a fight with some poison sumac, and I'd lost.  I guess the hives looked pretty bad.  The doctor gave me a prescription.  I was in and out of the clinic in maybe 10 minutes total.  Very efficient.
5	Wasn't expecting much since I usually have a long wait at the MedExpress nearby. I thought I'd try UPMC instead this time and brought a book to be prepared. I went on a late Thursday morning to get severe neck pain checked out and I didn't even crack open my book because they took me right away. The Dr I saw was super nice and knowledgable. Very pleased with my care here and would urge anyone to go here instead of MedExpress if possible!
5	I had to take my special needs child to Urge last  night and they could not have done a better job. There wasn't anything seriously wrong; just an infected finger nail.(which she gets from chewing, even though I've told her not to!) Even though, the process from beginning to end was painless. From the gentleman who signed us in, the woman who registered us, the nurse who took our information and the doctor who treated us, everyone was wonderful and patient. Not always an easy thing when dealing with a special needs child with a nasty finger. The doctor did everything he was going to do on her, on himself first. To show her show her in wasn't going to hurt and reassure her. I have avoided places like this ever since I went to Med Express, also known as the third ring of hell, 2 years ago and a) got the worst service ever, b) didn't actually get treatment for the malady I had and c) then got an unexplainable bill for an additional $35.00 which no one would or could tell me why I was being charged!!! I was so angry after that experience I refused to go to a slap dash medical center. Like I said, they told me I had your common cold, when it turned out I had bronchitis. Then I get a bill in the mail for seeing a doctor. When I asked what my copay was for then, they continued to say for seeing  a doctor in our office. I called the manager about 6 times but not surprising she never got back to me. Apparently, besides a copay, you have to pay them just going there, which is what I thought a copay was for, but... Anyway, I digress, and return to the subject of the superiority of Urgent Care. All I can say is thank you Urgent Care. You Rock!
5	We were traveling 200 miles from home when my son got sick. UPMC Urgent Care Shadyside came up in my search for an urgent care center in Pittsburgh that took my insurance, and it was a huge relief. There was a short wait, but they were able to treat him, prescribe the medicine he needed, and help me find a place to get it here quickly, on a weekend. I would certainly recommend them based on the service we received.
4	I actually had a very good experience here three or four years ago when I had back pain beyond belief. I keep my expectations fairly low for emergency room and urgent care visits. I came here late on a weekend night after spending the previous night on my floor, and surprisingly I didn't have to wait incredibly long to see someone (maybe an hour). All I really wanted was some solace from the pain until I could see my doctor the next week- and that's exactly what I got. I got an X-ray of my back, and once they ruled out a serious issue they sent me out the door with some pain pills to hold me over. Unfortunately, I couldn't expect much more than that (and other people shouldn't either).
1	To sum it up,I called prior to my visit to be sure they accepted my health insurance.The girl put me on a brief hold,came back and said yes its not on our do not take list.Upon arrival at registration I asked if they would check and make sure I would be completely covered and have $0 balance.As I usually go to Magee and am completely covered.However they couldn't get me in for a month so I opted for urgent care.The girl took my insurance card went into the computer and said yes you are good.A month later I receive a bill for $178 thinking this surely is a mistake I call.The woman looks in to it and says im not sure why this bill was sent to you and not your insurance. disreguard the bill im sending it to your insurance.About another 3 weeks I get the same bill $178.i CALL URGENT CARE AND AM TOLD WE DONT ACCEPT YOUR INSURANCE.I explained to them how I had called first,asked again at rtegistration before being seen,and spoke with someone after receiving initial bill and was told disreguard it.They said they were sorry they don't accept my health insurance and theres nothing they can do about it. ARE YOU KIDDING ME????What about the mis information I was given 3 times?I asked because I don't run up bills I cant pay and knew I couldn't afford it.This is like going to a restaurant and told your given a complimentary Fillet and after eating it the manager tells you oh sorry the waitress didn't know what she was talking about but you still have to pay.GET REAL.I would have never stayed for the services had I known I was not covered.I currently have a complaint filed through the BBB.I think UPMC sucks and am going to let anybody and everybody know about my unfair treatment.
