4	The two words that sum this place up for me are 'fancy' and 'rich'.It's a much more 'fancy'  than the type of place I'm used to and very much has an air of fine dining. That said, it's not what I would consider really expensive either.The menu was a little bit of a challenge with much of it being in French, however I don't necessarily see that as a problem and the staff were more than happy to help. As for 'rich', this is basically how I'd describe all the dishes I had. Again, not in a bad way, but just massively rich and full of flavour. Certainly not something I could eat often, and I didn't require much else for the rest of the day either!My starter of blue cheese salad was liberally covered with a creamy dressing. A good portion with lots of flavour.Duck and black pudding with a side of mash (I can't remember the proper French name) went down very well as a main. Again it was amazingly rich, which felt like it should have put me off, but it was hard not to clean up the plate.A pudding of minted chocolate with icecream (I'm sure they had a much more fancy name) finished me off. Again very rich, but clean tasting at the same time (if that makes any sense). All in all a great experience, but one I'll wait a while before repeating in order to continue fitting into my clothes!
4	This place is so pretty from the outside with the wrapping windows and the warm wood tones. One day I finally had time to stop in, and I got a bar table and ordered the tuna. It didn't say appetizer and for 9 I didn't think it would be, but there it came, three small medallions of tuna on some sparse but tasty pickled vegetables. It was really damn good, and I wanted more, but decided against spending 18 for a bit of tuna.  The staff were very nice.  When they said they could not do a soy latte they were cool about it, and I took a regular one. I was there for about an hour, and they didn't pressure me.  Stay classy Galvin. They do have wireless, though they say it is spotty, which is true.
4	Ta for the tartareI have eaten here a few times and it is consistently good, slick service and great food. Let's start with the decor, it's relatively warming, though a little sterile. Some tables look less welcoming than others, but the best seats in the house are at the u shaped bar. They have a shellfish display there which will make any seafood lover lose control.I always have the steak tartare, and it is amazing, though if know this isn't for everyone's taste. Last time I went I had the whole plaice, with brown shrimps, which really was special. It was perfectly cooked and slipped off the bone, in a really light oil dressing, with capers, shallots and lemon juice - I'm salivating writing this. Service is always totally professional, which is to be expected of a restaurant carrying the name of the Galvin Brothers.I don't have any kids, but if I did I would take them here for lunch on Sundays, why? Because there eat for free!!!
4	Live Jazz on Sundays and great set menus .during the week. Sunday roast was a highlight and enough beef for 2! Also where else gives you two massive Yorkshire puddings as standard. Galvins was a real treat and we loved it!
4	Having eaten here a few times, I can say the food here is consistently excellent. The service is attentive and professional and the wines and sommelier's advice is spot on. You do of course pay more than average for all of this but if it's a special occasion, someone else is paying, or just 'cause you can afford it! Then go for it and enjoy!
5	Each bite full of flavor. Can't go wrong with any selection. Fresh takes on your typical dishes. Thoroughly enjoyed my meal, start to finish. Well done!
