1	I went here for Cinco de Mayo. The crowd was great, but the attitudes of the managers/door men were awful. I was coming down from doing a promotion at Shout House when some people asked me what places where good to eat at approximately midnight. I told them that Saddle Ranch served food until 2am. One of the managers at Calico Jack's expressed an obscenity about Saddle Ranch and said to come to Calico Jack's. When I tried to re enter Calico Jack's, they would not allow me to come back in because I suggested Saddle Ranch. How Ridiculous! If a company is confident, they do not need to bad mouth the competition.  Calico Jacks needs to be aware that I will yelp, tweet, facebook, myspace the way they treated me and if they continue to treat others that way, they will end up like the establishment that once was in that lease space.  I'll bet on that.
1	I went here for Cinco de Mayo, hearing a lot about it in advertisements. Bad idea!! There was a good crowd and limited seating. My group took a seat next to a couple of other groups and we struck up a conversation. We all ordered food and drinks separately. By the time the waitress brought us our one bottled beer, I had already gone up to the bar, got a drink and drank it. We also ordered all you can eat tacos since she suggested it to us. She returned 40 min. later to tell us they weren't doing it anymore, so we ordered nachos with no tomatoes. It ended up having tomatoes on it, but she couldn't be found, so we scrapped them off. It turns out that the couple next to use had a the same $10 off coupon as us. When we got our separate bills, the waitress said she couldn't use the coupons because we were at the same table. We weren't even at a table. We were on random benches and didn't even know the other group originally. The waitress took our coupons before we got our food and never said anything about not being able to use them then. She brought back her manager who could care less and was extremely RUDE and wouldn't listen. They ended up calling over security and the cops and kicked us out over a coupon that they couldn't apply?!? They then took our barely eaten food that we paid for and threw it all out without asking, when we were waiting to get a box! This place will not last. The group across from us said they were never coming back and it was the WORST service they've ever had. Poor management and rude waitstaff, especially Christina. DO NOT GO HERE!
1	I went there on May 6, 2010. I had a $25 gift certificate for food and am always open to a new place.  It was bike night but the place wasn't packed.  Service was very very slow and the food, once we finally got our order, was only ok.  The drinks were watered down as by the time we got them the had plainly been sitting for awhile  and were warm.  I don't mind paying for good food, service and drinks but this place had none of the above and my (warm) martini was $13 during happy hour.  Won't go back.
1	I went there with my husband last night,  Saturday, may 15th. The restaurant ambiance is totally cool! Great southwest , mexican decor. After we were seated, we ordered a beer & a margarita. They finally arrived about 10- 15 minutes later! We had been enjoying their great salsa & chips, figuring we were really going to like this place!   The menu is pretty limited. We ordered a bowl of chicken tortilla soup & the beef fajitas to share. I was not famished,  and figured there would be plenty.     Now, they came out together, which was okay, since we were sharing. But, they brought a cup of soup instead of a bowl. That cup of soup cost $4.99, and was smaller than a small coffee cup! Neither of us liked it, either.  The fajitas that were supposed to come sizzling were just warm, and the meat was dried and cooked pretty well. The meat would have actually been good if cooked right. The portion was very small, and the tortillas that came to wrap the food in, were about the size of a drink coaster!! Also, I was pretty bummed that my margarita had absolutely no alchohol in it.       The server was really nice, but we will not go back there.
1	Ok so my friends talked me into going back and giving it another shot.  Mistake.  If possible, service was even worse.  I was there on Thursday evening and when we arrived it was virtually empty.  The servers would literally walk by our table and look at us but not come over.  We finally talked to the manager, Mike, and that helped.  The food was very good this time.  Still not a place I would choose to go.
3	My hubby and I visited Calico Jack's this past Friday night (thankfully we didn't read all the bad review on here first). We took advantage of the Happy Hour drink specials and ordered the $2 margaritas to go with the complimentary chips and salsa.  We also grabbed the $5 appetizer specials and ordered the calamari.  Both were very good, although I prefer my calamari with a marinara sauce (they serve it with a sweet/spicy chili sauce).  For my entree, I ordered the La Torta, and I have to say that I was disappointed with it.  It's basically a grilled chicken sandwich with sliced avocado, but there was no seasoning to it--no salt, pepper, spice or anything. It was very bland.  The beans and rice that came with it were also kind of bland, so I smothered them with salsa.The service was very prompt and courteous, and our food was delivered to our table promptly.  We really enjoyed the music soundtrack that was playing--a good mix of dance tunes on a great sound system--that was a big plus!  The ambiance was pretty cool, with a lot of leftover features from the former place (Bar Louie's), but now with a Baja vibe.We would definitely be willing to try this place again, but would not order the same food choices.  My advice to Calico Jack's is to spice up the food and take good care of the customers!
4	I wouldn't eat at Calico Jack's but I had a lot of fun here on Friday night. I met some friends here because they won a vip happy hour. We enjoyed drink specials till 11 but even when we had to pay full price for drinks I think they were reasonably priced. This is my favorite bar at Westgate because its the only bar where you can dance and there were a lot of cute guys!
1	My first experience with this place was during the first week of June.  I went there with a friend of mine for a quick afternoon drink.  The service was terrible, the bartender was about as friendly as rabid pitbull, and the drink was overpriced and stale.  We literally were two of maybe five people in there at the time.  My second experience was on a Saturday night at the end of July.  I was literally as excited about standing in the 25-minute line as I am about turning 50 in a couple decades and staring down the barrel of a colonoscopy.  I could not put in to words what I thought about the clientele of this place.  Wannabe gang-bangers seemed to be the main clientele followed by guys in glittery shirts and fake diamond laced pants.  I was in this place for about 45 minutes.  I have to admit, the music was good and the drink service was above average for the whole Westgate scene.  But, after seeing testosterone filled thugs trying to fight with everyone seemingly just trying to have a good time and being pushed by some guys on the dance floor, it was time to leave.  I haven't been back since and don't intend to.  The place seems to attract drama and, unless this is an afternoon on NBC, I don't need that place in the Days of My Lives!
5	First time here, didn't read reviews until sitting at the bar. Bartender was from the east coast and was polite an service was good. I only ordered the quesadillas and they were pretty good. Actually my only gripe was the darn fly that kept trying to share my meal.
3	Went here with a friend to meet up with another Yelper...Valerie. She had invited me cuz she received VIP which included 50% off drinks from 8-10. Who wouldn't take the offer...right? The bartenders were friendly.Since we went there early, the place was lively. Full of lights and many people. Part of their outside area has sand which I thought was cute. I gives you a relaxing atmosphere and I wish I could have snugged my feet in it, but I had boots and socks and I thought it was too much effort. LoL!I wish I could have stayed longer to see the place turn around when they started dancing, but by 10:30 I was ready to get my groove on and had to go else.
1	NOPE! HUH UH! DOO-DOO! Ok. This is pretty harsh. I was there for the first time on 9/2/2010 before the last of the Cardinals pre-season opener for a bite before the game. There was a wait....ok....got it! However, their were open tables? Don't GOT it! The hostess said "Your table is ready" yay! "Oh, by the way would you mind sitting on the patio"? We were game for it. The Hostess then walks us through the patio and out to.....wait for it......Arizona beach area?! Low back, low to the ground wooden benches and beach style chairs. Yeah, sure in Arizona 100 plus heat. Not happening. So, we wait for an inside table. We eventually get one. The friendly waitress Jesse takes our drink order. We wait about 4 minutes or so.....perfect. Jesse takes our food order. We wait about 50 minutes for not so good food. I was with 2 other people. We ordered the following. Person #1 ordered Nacho's w/ sour cream on the side. Person #2 ordered a grilled chicken Quesadilla and I ordered fried Ice Cream. They were all terrible. The Quesadilla was as thin as Taco Bell's and three times the price. I mean they were SKIMPY! The Nacho's I was told were chewy. Nice, just what one would like, chewy nacho's. Jesse our server did apologize for the wait saying this " Im so sorry you had to wait. I keep telling the staff to hold off on seating people to give the kitchen a chance to get caught up" WELL, that explains why we could not be sat inside when there were tables open. So, like I said. Pretty bad execution, bad food, long wait. NO GOOD! If you go keep in mind too the menu is extremely limited. So, ADIOS....thats goodbye in.....well I'm just sticking with the theme, using my resources!
1	Can I give lower than 1 star?  Calico Jack's was featured on Fox 10 News so we figured we would give it a try.  My wife ordered the carnitas burrito and I had the don flautas.  Disgusting.  Worst meal for both of us that we have had in a long, long time.  The service was slightly below average.  The atmosphere is nice but that's about it.
1	Back when Westgate was new and exciting, this place was a cozy cocktail lounge. Unfortunately, it was hijacked by Calico, who attempts to turn this into a nightclub with Latin flair. It fails miserably.Came here twice--once on a busy night, and once on a slow night.On the busy night, the narrow walkway and dance floor made it pretty hard to move around. I would normally not complain about a place like this being packed, but it was just not meant to be this kind of club. It's just an uncomfortable place to be.Gave it another try on a slow night, only to be greeted with my worst nightmare. They were OUT OF JAGERMEISTER. Under no circumstance should that ever happen, especially in a bar of this magnitude.Not coming here again unless I'm involved with that 'VIP special' they copied McFadden's with. By the way, EVERYONE GETS THOSE. Doesn't make them 'winners' or this place special.
1	We decided to try this restaurant out because we got a smokin' deal from Restaurants.com.  It was a Tuesday night so the place was pretty empty.  We were asked if we wanted to sit on the patio, which we declined because the Non-Smoking Patio is immediately adjacent to a smoking bar.  Um... smoke travels and so the patio was out.  We were seated in the 'dining' area.  The music was very loud, so the reviews that this was a good place for kids, not so much.  If you want to have a conversation, this is not the place to go.  Not to mention that considering the decor and the number of cowboy hats in the room, the hard rock/heavy metal was sharply out of place.We were immediately greeted by our waitress who took our drink order.  She brought the drinks out fast and took our food order.  My husband and I both got the carnitas burrito and my in-laws got the chicken tortas.  The waitress promptly brought us some chips and salsa.  Which tasted horrible.  The chips were too thick and were bland.Once the food arrived it looked good.  Which made the taste all the more disappointing.  While my pork was tender, it was bland.  The sauted peppers were completely raw and not cooked at all. The refried black beans were unseasoned and very bland as well.  The rice was 'eh'. Nothing special.  My in-laws said the tortas were very dry and had to ask for more sauce.  The bread for the torta was supposedly toasted, however there was no indication that it was actually toasted. We ordered chicken strips for the kids which were decent, but considering they were dripping with oil, not too healthy. There was so much oil that the breading slid off the chicken.Over all the meal was extremely disappointing. The service was prompt and our server was very nice but unfortunately we won't be returning.
1	Went here prior to the Cards v Broncos game w/ my daughter.  She has not eaten at Bitzee Mama's, so this is her least favorite Mexican restaurant in Glendale.  Bitzee's is still mine.First, I've been programmed to the free chips n salsa basket at most Mexican restaurants.  Odd that there was none here and it was not listed as a menu item either.  Options appear to be nachos or a layered dip. We ordered the shrimp ceviche which is marinated in lemon, garlic, the chef's spices...it was very bland.  I think the Chef left out the spices.  It wasn't the only thing he left out.  He left stuff out of my burro.  We didn't finish the ceviche.The daughter got the tortilla soup and did not like it at all. She wanted to give them her grandmother's phone number to call for a good recipe.  I tried it and it was okay.  Tested kinda like watered down queso.  We didn't finish the soup.My burro was missing its key ingredients of sour cream, guacamole and oaxaca cheese and the drizzled sour cream on top.  That should have been the first clue to the waitress that something was up w/ the dish.  Plus it wasn't chimi-style like I ordered.  Rather than send it back to have it fried, I decided only to say something when the bill came if I was charged for chimi-style...I was not.  W/o the cheese, I had more of diet burro, so I guess it was okay cause I saved calories for later.   I saved more calories eating only 1/2 the burro.  Haven't tried the Irish pub yet that went in where the Fox Sports Grill is.  Places to go prior to games remain in preference order:  The Yardhouse, Saddle Ranch, Native New Yorker.The place was not busy...it picked up the closer it got to noon.  This is 3 hours before kick-off.  I don't think diners are lining up to get inside here like they do The Yardhouse.********************UPDATE:  5/14/2011Sometimes I like to look back on my Methinks not reviews to see what other diners are saying after my visit.  I'm amazed Jack's is still opened.  To be in the Westgate, which sees probably meh traffic when there is no event, and then not be busy when an event takes place, how do you stay open??   Based on my experience at Bitzee's Mama and other diner reviews on that restaurant, I can only surmise that the offerings for Mexican in Glendale are so slim that its citizens are very forgiving.
1	We went to Calico Jack's after a ball game on a Sunday night.  I was unimpressed with the service and disgusted by the management (I'll explain in a minute).  First of all, they put us at a table next to stairs that the wait staff used constantly.  Every time a waitress wanted to walk by, my husband had to scoot his chair in so that he was litterally pressed up to the table.  Our $9.00 patron shots were delivered, but without the limes we requested.  We asked our waitress 3 times before she finally remembered some limes.  At one point, I actually had to go to the bar to get a drink because our waitress was nowhere to be found.  I ordered 2 drinks at the bar and asked the bartender to close the tab on my debit card.  We waited for a few minutes before the bartended finally walked by again.  He looked at me confused, and I reminded him that I wanted my tab closed.  He went back and retrieved my card.  I still left a good tip on my balance, and we had our drink and left.A few days later, I noticed I'd been double charged on my debit card: once for the amount of the drinks and once for the amount of the drinks plus the tip.  The charges were hard posted (not going to fall off like they sometimes do), so I called Calico Jack's and left a message for the manager.  When he didn't return my call, I called back and asked to speak to him in person.  I explained the situation and said he'd "look into it."  Wow, was he annoyed... no apology, nothing.  After not hearing from him for 5 days, I was about to file a fraud claim through my bank.  I checked my account first and noticed the $18.00 had been refunded, so I didn't have to.  It's disgusting cusotmer service-especially from a manager, in my opinion, that he didn't call to apologize or even to tell me that he'd processed the credit.  I was unimpressed from the beginning, but this interaction with the manager of all people showed me that the only thing Calico Jack's cares about is the bottom line... they could care less about the customers they serve.  Booo.
4	Calicos is the spot to be at Westgate. The night life here is awesome. The ladies are everywhere. I definitely recommend trying this place out. You'll probably run into me here. Good drink specials and celebrity guests. Can't go wrong heading to Calicos.
1	You know you're in trouble when you walk into a Mexican restaurant and there's ketchup on the table rather than hot sauce.  We went for some food at this lame ass joint (my gf had a gift certificate) and the place was totally empty during the lunch hour, but I admired the large screen tvs and access to nonstop ESPN in hi-def if you like that sort of thing.  But then it all went downhill.  The seats were uncomfortable.  The staff seemed confused by everything.  The food was abysmal.  If we could give less than one star, we would!Let me describe in more detail: literally every bite of food was sub-par, and we ordered four courses.  The fancy quesadilla was literally a big basic tortilla with pre-shredded American cheese.  I could have done better at home easily.  The "burro" had some major problems--chewy meat, crispy tortilla in the wrong way (dry), and beans that will immediately send you into salt overload.  The flautas were so greasy and unappetizing that we just said no.  I've never seen her send food back in my life.  Dessert was lame.Avoid this place at ALL cost. . Seriously Taco Bell will do you better.  Go to a real Mexican joint and boycott this monstrosity of "Mexican" food.
1	The Mexican food in Beijing is better than this.
3	Stopped in here on Sunday afternoon before the Harlem Globetrotters game at Jobing.com Arena. The place was pretty much empty (not a good sign). I liked the look of the place when we walked in, but service was slow and the staff seemed very inexperienced and uninterested. It was also eerily quiet... The food was nothing spectacular or even worth mentioning really - but I will give them a couple points for their chips. Too bad Westgate has so many chains and so little "real local flavor".
1	Never would I go to a place again where they have guys walking around in tshirts that say "Alcohol Control"
1	A friend and I stopped by for happy hour/dinner. We were seated and ordered the margaritas on special. We ordered a quesadilla (on special) and hot wings. After getting the drinks I asked for chips and salsa (yes...I had to ASK for chips and salsa at a Mexican restaurant). The quesadilla and wings were delivered with the chips (yes....it took that long to get the chips). Chips were okay. The wings and quesadilla were tasty...but the salsa and guacamole that came with the quesadilla were really bland...no flavor at all. I ordered a Negra Modelo and waited...and waited...and waited. We were literally the only table in the place but were kept waiting over and over again. Our server finally got to pouring my beer and then let me know that the tap was empty and asked if I wanted something else. I didn't....by this time I was over half way done with my meal and opted for a non-alcoholic beverage. The exec chef stopped by to ask how everything was. My friend let him know the salsa was bland and had no flavor. The chef explained that he had heard that before...that he was redoing the menu and that he was going to redo the salsa but he needed to go through what they had. So....you have a Mexican restaurant, you get complaints about the salsa and you want to go through what you have before you make it right? How much salsa do you have in back that you have to go through? The topper to our experience is when the bill came. We were charged for the beer we never got and $2 for cheese sauce (no...we didn't order cheese sauce or our wings or quesadilla). We let the manager know because our server was MIA again. He removed the items and our server came with a new check, saying "sorry...I'm a re***d"...how offensive is that?!? We won't be back.
1	Went to Calico Jack with some friends. The Margaritas were horrible the beer was warm. We only had cocktail we paid (it was happy hour) for our drinks and left them there full. We would not go back  again. Calico Jack Hot beer and Arizona doesn't mix.
2	One million times "Meh."Went here tonight before the Coyotes game.  This place was pretty much the only one without a 30-45 minute wait, so we decided to check it out.  (Yes, this should have been our first clue, and we took it - but decided to risk it anyway.)I remember when this place was Bar Louie and AWESOME, so I already had a grudge going in.1.  The "new" decor sucks.  I am not sure what the weird symbol has to do with "Calico" or how it all comes together to be Mexican dining, but - whatever.2.  The wait staff was... eccentric.  All seemed to be new to waiting tables.  (And likely there to get experience to go work at Yard House... lol).  Not bad, just not particularly knowledgeable or quick.3.  The food is DEFINITELY not great.  We had to choose from an event menu (expected) but the options were all bland.  No signature dishes jumped out at you.  It reminded me of a Taco Bell menu printed on a "nicer" sheet of paper.They cut a lot of corners here.  The bill comes in a cigar box versus a typical bifold bill holder, the sugar holder is a generic white plastic thing that was hand-painted, and the nachos that we ate were about a 1/5.We enjoyed not having to wait, but we were talking about what we "would have had" at the Yard House for most of our meal.Given the vast amount of other options at Westgate, get there early so you can wait for a table and eat somewhere else.
3	Prior to the Sharks/Coyotes game, my friends and I decided to hang out here for drinks and food.  We set up shop at the outside bar. I decided a margarita sounded good. The margaritas was average at best. The flavor just wasn't there and tasted too much like a mix. I then went to beer.We ordered wings and taquitos. This food was pretty good.  Watch out for the habanero wings.Two friends and I then decided to order nachos with chicken. That was a MISTAKE!  The nachos weren't very good, had about 2 wings worth of chicken if that and had very little cheese, beans etc. I can't believe I wasted $11 on that. Some of the worst nachos I've ever had. Steer clear of that item.The bartender was friendly and was very attentive to our needs.Decent place, but maybe some of the other locations at Westgate are better?
1	Been to Calico Jack's three times; first time service was very good; all we had was drinks. Second time, service was bad- food horrible. Decided to go a third time Tuesday April 12th at 1:30 PM, service was absolutely attrocious. We ordered two margaritas, tasted like margarita mix only (no alcohol); when questioned to bartender she tried to give a history of Tres Generacions Tequila and how mix is made; gave us an additional shot (essentially a quick splash into our drink). After we decided to leave low and behold we were charged $2 a piece for the so called shot. Did we leave a tip? HECK NA- WE WILL NEVER GO AGAIN! We will tip very well for good service- this place is terrible when it comes to service- TERRIBLE! I absolutely do not reccomend Calico Jacks. Check out Marc's on 43 Ave & Peoria; service is great; drinks and food are very good; price is reasonable!
2	Dropped by Calico Jack's after tonight's Red Wings victory in Game 3 to kill time and let traffic thin.  Scanned the area and decided to give these folks our business.  We got inside where a total of maybe 5 or 6 other people were eating and drinking.We took a seat and waited far too long for service for such an empty place.  Once we were served the folks were friendly enough and I was high on Red Wings victory so I let it slide.Then we ordered...Ordered the quesadillas and two beers (Tecate).  First our beer arrived...in cans.  I've never been served beer in a can unless it was PBR and even then we were told up front it was in a can.  Okay, I can live with that.Then the quesadillas arrived.  They were no better than Taco Bell and probably triple the cost.  I expect to get gouged a bit at a restaurant just outside an arena but this was ridiculous.Tonight was the first and last time I will visit Calico Jack's.  For the prices charged the food has to be superior to edible for me to even think of returning.
1	.My friend Megan flew in from Boston and invited all of her friends to Calico Jack's. When we got there they gave my boyfriend a hard time about his sneakers so we talked to the manager and he let us in. They were also charging a 5$ cover that night which I think is ridiculous. I would never pay money to get into a bar like Calico Jack's so we all left and gave Saddle Ranch our business. I really liked this bar when it first opened but over time the crowd has gone downhill and the doormen are out of control!
3	Went here on 7-29-11....since this was my first date night out with my hubby in over a year we decided t hat we wanted to go to a club/bar.We did not eat here so I can't give a review about that.We had alot of fun dancing. Music was pretty good and people were pretty friendly. We got there early. We arrived around 7: 30 pm and there was a guy and his guitar....he was pretty good. After 10 pm they clear tables for a dance floor. I was having a great time until some of the bartenders got on top of the bar and started dancing on it! I mean if that's your kind of thing then this is the place for you! I for one am a little on the jealous side so I was definitely not feeling this place because of that! If you are gonna have girls dancing on the bars with their asses  hanging out, at least have some eye candy for me!!! I only gave this place three stars because the dance floor is kind of small and I didn't like the girls dancing on top of the bar with their asses in my face!
1	Taco Bell or frozen dinner would put this place to shame. Cold food bad service! I wish I could give no stars.
5	Love it
2	Well, I accompanied my friend here a weeks ago because his friend had a special happy hour thing going on. So in order to receive the happy hour promotional benefits, you had to wear a wrists band based on the person your representing. So I'm thinking, "Going to get good beer and liquor at good prices!", nope. All they did was lower their ridiculous prices down to regular bar prices. Furthermore, not only do they not have any special exotic drinks, but they didn't even have a special house drink nor any drink specials. Not impressed. Also the happy hour wrist band prevents you from having to pay the $10 entrance fee.  *rolls eyes*It had a club/restaurant/sports bar atmosphere. Weird combination to say the least but it smelled good. And the waitresses in tight short black shorts were pleasing to the eyes I guess. I guess my main complaint about this place is, it doesnt seem like a place where I am willing to follow their strict dress requirements just so I can have a basic bar experience. If you must go, make sure you have a happy hour promotional thing going on. I personally will just go to the yard house or margaritaville. Or maybe just to johnny rockets or something. West gate has way better selections.
2	This place is really not worth a second look. Went here for a bachelorette party because the bride to be wanted dancing. They did have a cover but I don't think they charge girls (at least we didn't get charged). The service was slow and horrible. The whole girls dancing on top of a bar in underwear and a tank top is not my thing so I was not that impressed. The DJ was decent and kept us all dancing for awhile... the later it got the more iffy the crowd got. It was soon impossible to dance without being grabbed and cornered by guys. We ended up leaving and going somewhere we could drink and have fun without being sweat-ed on by a bunch of older men.
1	Terrible.  The place was empty, yet I was served by beer in a HOT glass?  odd.  I ordered beef fajitas, and they were terrible, with much of it being such bad meat it was inedible.  The food was also extremely bland.  I asked for chips and salsa, only to never get any.It was terrible, and I wont go back in my travels to Phoenix.
2	You get what you get.Over played music which was ok to listen to 3 years ago, and even then it was annoying. Everybody seems to be trying find meaning in the bottom of the patron bottle, but here it is ill flavored vodka and crass rum. Bothersome promoters, the treacherous bosoms of a money tip hungry bartender defines the motion of this ocean. I got nothing against them, but I am not trying to spend many minutes in places of this level. Most often, i was looking at the time wishing the time to leave was not now, but back then. I would recommend this place for one reason, the 2 dollar drinks...and with such cheap drink specials you will understand the reason why they have to dangle carrots to their patrons to pull heads in the bar.cough.... sorry...i just smelled my own smugness. Oh well....No worries...everybody has to switch it up.R\_
3	Consider Calico's game stepped up. After quite some time of avoiding the place, I came back for a special event and was not disappointed. Upon entry, the dress code looked ridiculous (Really? No plain white T's? Why?), but there were no haters, bros, or thugs in there breathing down anyone's neck. It was acoustic night, and my friends and I had a roomy booth. Sure, there is still dancing, but there also seems to be more space than I remember. Great place to be social.And in the restroom, I was pretty surprised by the attendant. This is by no means a fancy place, but that guy was really cool and had pretty much anything that would come in handy at a bar. Like your own assist for hire.I also take back everything I said about the VIP/referral program they have. I totally get it now: Popular people like me will pay no cover and drink for cheap every time, and you newbies will be paying $5 at the door and significantly more for your domestics and wells. When I want to drink something of higher quality, the prices aren't that bad, but it sure does help getting discounts all the time for being in the know. And even better, you get the extra hookup if you bring tons of friends. Now, I can't give the four stars I want solely on the basis of discounts, but when it comes down to it, Calico Jack's has transformed into a place cool, young adults should give a try.PS-I haven't had the food, but you already know that's not why you're here.
3	This place got very poor reviews but I had a decent experience.  Really a two star place that gets an extra because of the coupon.The bartender was the only one on staff (Monday at lunch).  She didn't really know how to bar-tend, but was nice.  We had two beers each and an order of their nachos with carne asada, which was better than most.  I prefer cheese sauce (like queso dip) on top of Nachos rather than melted cheese which gets hard and cold pretty much immediately).  Pretty darn spicy too, which is a good thingThe total bill was $36.  Too expensive for the surroundings BUT, restaurant.com has a gift cert.  You buy the cert for like $3 and it is good for $25 off if you spend $35.  Good part is that it includes booze.SO, our bill was only $11 (still tipped on $36, of course).I won't be back without a coupon, but with one, this place is A-OK.
2	Ehh it's nothing fantastic.  The staff is always pretty nice and service is fine but the food could definitely be better or have better prices.  We've gone a few times just because it's so convenient to our house but it doesn't really get any better and never completely satisfied.  Our last was on an event day, which made the experience worse because prices were higher, menu was limited and we still weren't that thrilled with our food choices
1	Was there for St Patty's day early dinner, Nachos were terrible! Mexican restaurant and terrible nachos ??...doesn't make sense! Was empty on drinks several times, had to ask for everything, didn't know the waitresses name, enchilada sauce was yuk compared to most Mexican food places. My guess is that theryre only succeeding cuz of the location, rather than the referrals and good food.... Too bad. Won't go there again or will I refer !
3	Good food, but does not have very many options. Wings and Nachos for the family today. Good but not very fulfilling. Still recommend for a bar type atmosphere before catching a game in Westgate.
5	Love the night life!!
3	Miss Kelee's birthday, shaken ass whoop whoop... if it's your birthday, get some friends together for 3 dollar drinks when RSVP.     I tipped the DJ, had to remind him 2 hours later to play my song :-(
1	If I could give this place an effin zero I would. This is my second post in 2 and a half years and there hasn't been the slightest of improvements. I was having a blue moon at the outside bar and the bartender tells me I can't have glass on the patio. So I tell her to give me a plastic cup that's at the end of the bar. How ingenious is that ish? Because I have insulted her intelligence,  she calls security. Im so happy to be blessed with common sense. Unlike the aholes at this place. Smh in disgust...
2	Stopped in before a concert and was seated right away. Then it took forever to get a server over for drinks and a food order. The server was MIA most of the time. Food was a little less than average. The decor was OK but seemed a little hard. With a name like Calico Jacks I expected caribbean with a pirate theme, not tex-mex and skull art. That's just my opinion and does not effect my rating. The manager looked like he hated everyone and was looking for a fight. The bright side is the bartender they had on that night was awesome. Fun, friendly and was a lot more helpful than our server.
1	a bunch of us friends came to calico's for a night out , even mix of gals and guys. When we came to the door to get in they didn't let a friend in because his boots were Timberland and the security told us those were "gangster" boots. WTF who says that really, they did not allow my friend in so in turn all 12 of us left to saddle ranch where we spent our money ,and had an awesome time. Stereotyping is what happens at Calico jacks....shame on you...
1	Sure glad Mystery Diners wasn't there.  Stood at door for several minutes before anyone acknowledged we were there.  Very few people people were there.  Told to sit at bar or at booths along the wall.  The tables were all dirty and still had dishes on them.  Got our drinks very quickly and waitress was prompt.  We had the mispleasure of hearing the manager ordering booze.  Shouldn't that be kept out of earshot of the customers?  Food not too bad.  Placed an order for a burrito to go and it was just a plain, unappetizing looking burrio.  Nothing was on it.  I asked for sauce to go on it.  When I approached the waitress at the bar for the sauce there was a woman standing behind the bar with a baby!  I sure hope the kid wasn't changed there.  Won't go back.  Managers and workers were all seated in the public area doing some sort of work.  Not professional!
2	Mediocre food probably a decent bar.
1	I was injured walking into Calico Jack's because of their negligence.  You'd think they would have written a injury report.  Went back three times the next day to speak to a manager and was told to go to small claims court.  By the way, never got to speak to a manager. This place is a joke. Never stepping foot in this place again, not even if they paid my medical bills and then gave me free dinner and drinks.
1	The restaurant had a special event menu last night because of the Justin Bieber concert. If you want to do a special shortened menu, the items being offered should be good. OUr table of 6 ordered the nachos, quesadillas and burgers. All of them were cold, plain, poor ingredients and overall bad. Did I mention they seemed to out special prices on their "event" menu.  A small, yucky burger $11.49, a really small quesadilla (four pieces) $9.99 and cold, gross nachos- $11.99. And the topper was a bottle of beer- $7. The one star is given to the server. She was friendly and attentive. No wonder it was the only place not booming with business.
5	Just went in after working a long event in Westgate to grab an appetizer for the long drive home. I got the Mini Chimis and OMG they were amazing, by far the best I've had. If that is any indication of the rest of their menu then I will definitely be back.
1	Worst place i've eaten in a long time. The waitress was very indifferent to how our food was,wheather we were happy with it or not. Way over priced. Much more experience than most mexican restaurants. Whoever called this tex mex has never had real tex mex. Don't even know where it came by the the name. Give this place a pass. There are way too many restaurants in the area to go to this one. All Mexican restaurants give free chips,this one charges. You even have to request hot sauce. I wrote a complaint via the internet to Cactus Jack and they didn't even bother to respond. I hope this place goes under quickly and allows a decent restaurant to take its place.
1	TERRIBLE!!  We didn't even get a chance to eat.  We came in on a Monday night, there was NO one there.  We sat down, and waited...and waited...and waited.  Finally we went and asked the bartender for menus, we were given one.  We made our choice, still no waiter/waitress.  The bartender at that point disappeared as well.  We got up and found him hiding on the other side of the bar, texting. Upon leaving, I said "I guess we will leave since you have no waiters" and was answered with a rude, under-his-breath comment from the bartender, who barely looked up.  No thanks, too many other choices of places that will actually appreciate my business.  This place won't last long with this kind of service...no wonder it was empty.
4	I went in on the Saturday after the Tanger outlets opened up with my Mother In Law.  The food was really good.  I had a carnita's burrito and it was seasoned very well.  The service was a tad slow, but nothing to be frustrated with.  The price was decent for the portions.  I'd happily return with a few friends for some drinks and to watch a game or just hang out.  My favorite part of the restaurant is the ambiance.  It's very chill and comfortable.
1	This place is an effing joke...especially at night. I can't comment on the food but the bar service and drinks are horrible. First off, if you want a drink, get in line sister...cause you got about a 20 minute wait ahead of you. Their margaritas taste like too much cheap sugary margarita mix and not enough tequila...the beers are served in either hot glasses or tiny plastic cups, and other drinks like whiskey sours are heavy on the sour, barely any whiskey. Wtf? Oh, and I recall ordering a red bull (straight) it was given to me in a tiny cup (redbull is what? 8 ounces maybe?) I didn't even get the full can, but yet handed the guy a $10 and got back like $3...wtf? How does that work?Do yourself a favor, put yourself on their VIP list, get your five free drinks by doing so, then bail and take your drinking money elsewhere...
1	Terrible! My daughter,her husband and their infant and I came during a break from the Coyotes practice.We were the only table  that was being waited on.The waiter arrived with food on his face and after  what was to long of a wait our food arrived.My enchiladas were a joke,greasey tri folded tortillas with nothing inside with a drizzle of what looked like velveeta on top.The refried beans were bad and the rice also the same.The waiter pretty much argued with me ,trying to explain what an enchilada was.I told him to take it away because it was unexceptable and I was no longer hungry after also seeing the grime on the tiles on the table which I showed him as I scraped it with my thumbnail.The waiter later comes back with another plate and tells me the cook added more cheese.I told him again to take it away and that I had lost my appetite.Most of the other people in Calico Jacks were sitting down  filling out applications to work there.Hello.
1	4 of us went there last night before The Who concert.  I'm giving it 1 Star only because of it's great location next to the arena....OMG where do I start?  We had to flag our waiter or someone else down about 5 times...he would disappear for 10-15 minutes at a time.  The $13 burrito wasn't half as good as $5 burritos you can get on Van Buren.We go out @ 5 times per week so you have to be pretty bad to have earned "My Worst Dining Experience This Year Award!"Avoid this place at all cost.
1	I don't know where to begin.  We were there on a Wednesday night at 6ish. The place was empty and  we sat outside on the patio.  It was happy hour so we ordered 2 appetizers( cheesy tots and 7 layer dip), which were the best part of the whole meal.  Here's where the night goes down hill....out come our meals and 2 of our party of 5 ordered steak fajitas, and the server brought chicken.  No problem she made a mistake, she takes it back the rest of us eat our meals, thinking that the fajitas will be out shortly...wrong!  We. Are now done and still no fajita, but out come fajitas to another table.  At this point the waitress has started to act like we don't exist.  It's now 7:40 and no fajitas.  Another waiter sees we are stairing at the door and asks if we are ok or need anything, and we explain.  Finally out come fajitas.  Our waitress drops them off and disappears again. The manager does come over and comps the fajitas and offers us a round of drinks! Sweet!  It's now 8:15 and we would like to leave but can't find someone for the bill.  Flag down our waitress and she gets the bill.  Wanna guess?  It's not right.  1 fajita not compted, sides of stuff we ordered but never got, apps not half off ( because we had been there for so long) it was not happy hour. Needless to say the bill had to be changed 3 times, at one point the waitress tried to snatch it out of my husbands hand.   The whole thing was a hot mess.  I had a hard time putting 1 star but the patio is a great place and the appetizers were pretty good.
1	Over priced food that isn't any better than a taco bell. Drinks more expensive than the hockey arena next door. Do yourself a very big favor and stay far away from here or join the ever growing list of disappointed reviewers on yelp regarding this place
1	DON'T WASTE MONEY!!! The "hostess" was in short shorts and I thought she was a customer!! Service was slow and inadequate-we waited too long to GIVE our order. Then too long for check to get to us! I ordered the "mini" thingys and they were bland. The dipping sauce did help with taste. Hubby says wings were not cooked enough. He did bring them home so we can cook them more. Then there are no "to go" boxes and the rest of our (mediocre) wings had to be wrapped in tin foil. Tried to pay with Discover, nope, another minus!! The bartender WAS trying to help our server as he asked to bring more iced tea and HE checked on us couple times. The only reason we stopped is we were at the stadium for an event and Calico Jacks has Buzztime.  Sorry, not worth it. We'll go to our usual watering hole next time.YOU SO NEED "RESTAURANT IMPOSSIBLE"!!!!
1	I'm giving this place one star only because I HAVE to.  Our waitress was the worst I have ever seen. She asked my kid about a drink that was not included in the kids menu--without our knowledge.  The kids meal was supposedly free with each paid adult meal. We both ordered entrees, the food was cold and disgusting. We sent it back because it was just too nasty to try to eat.  We got a comp meal at the manager's request.  I guess because we were forced to send our food back, they decided to charge for the "free" kids meals and when I asked about an extra drink charge, we were told my daughter (who is 5), had a drink that didn't come with the kids meal and we were charged $3 for that too.  The waitress had no customer service skills whatsoever.  She could not care less that our food was cold and hard. I will never, ever, ever (Shout out to T-Swift) go back to this dump.
1	I can't even say how the food is. I was here for 20 min, asked a waitress if I could order then she never came back. 15 minutes after that another one said it might be best if I got my own drinks from the bar. Are you kidding me? NEVER going back.
1	The worst Mexican food I have had in my 58 years living.  Had a chicken burrito I would not feed to my dog, others in our party were also very disappointed.  Food was cold, portions small, salsa terrible and food over priced. Small expensive drinks during happy hour. No surprise the place was very empty.  Go to one of the other good places in Westgate, I will never visit this place again.I hope I don't get sick!
4	The margaritas where LARGE and tasty.  The salsa was very fresh but I had expected more kick to it...since we were at a Mexican restaurant.We also ordered the cilantro lime chicken wings.  A dozen for 9.99.  With tip, the order of wings & 4 margaritas we paid about $55 total.  So not toooo bad.This was another one of those places where no one wears a name tag. We were unaware of our servers name until the check came. (the other being LGO)
1	This place is next to Hell's Half Acre so I believe they should rename it Hell Hole because that is what this place resembles. I went into this place because of the signage outside the restaurant that mentioned their happy hour currently being served. After being seated, I waited for twenty minutes before I got up and had to ask for service. After being greeted, I was informed there was no happy hour despite the multiple signs advertising it. The food took forever and was not very good. The quesadilla was a tortilla with a piece of cheese in it. The menu said it had guacamole but mine did not come with anything on it. The tortilla and slice of cheese cost about 11 dollars. This place is a disaster and they do not seem to care.
1	Me, my wife and 2 friends are going to the Cardinals vs Charger game so I was not expecting the service to be the best due to the line and proposed wait time at every restaurant in the Westgate complex, BUT the service was soooo bad that it there was a rating lower than 1 star this place would get it. So after waiting in line to put our name in to get a table (normal).... the people in front of us get told its an hour wait for a party of 2 (normal)... The person ask how many in our party, I respond 4, and they say 30 minutes (not normal)... How can you sit a larger party 30 minutes before you can sit a smaller party? If I had 6 could we get in sooner because I would have made 2 new friends with the people in front of me.... We get a text (which is a nice feature instead of carrying around the vibrating coaster), and go to get our table where we were seated promptly, and it was clean. From this point on it was pretty much a disaster. I ordered a Tijuana burger, my wife ordered a casadilla, and our friends ordered some nachos. This normal bar food should be a piece of cake to cook. Not so... After 15 minutes the waitress (who was dressed like a patron with no identification that she actually worked there), comes back to the table and says they are out of chips for the nachos.... WTF... YOU ARE A MEXICAN CANTINA!! HOW DO YOU RUN OUT OF CHIPS?!!! 15 minutes later we see food coming out of the kitchen with chips....We are a little annoyed at this point. We have also waited 30 minutes so far and have only received our drinks..... The waitress comes back to check on us and tells us our food will be there soon... 10 minutes later she comes back to check on us again and says our food will be there soon again. If you are a keeping score we have now waited 40 minutes and have no food. At this point its 20 minutes to kick off and the bar has emptied out. I can understand a wait when you are packed, but now the place is a ghost town. I ask the waitress how much longer, please give me a time... She said ANOTHER 20 Minutes... So now it takes an hour to make a burger, nachos, and casadilla? The manager never came out to apologize... Maybe give us a drink coupon to come back after the game, or maybe just comp the 1 round of draft beer we had consumed in the 40 minutes we were waiting to get our food. We paid for our drinks and got food at the stadium. Just because you are busy on game day does not mean that you get to give crappy service. I have never heard anyone say.... "I'm surprised that place went out of business, they had such great service"... This will be our last choice on game day or any other time I am at Westgate.
2	I usually see the bright side of any situation, but for my experience here a 2-star review is generous and it is mostly because of the food. I came here on 08/24 at around 4:30 pm. We came specifically to this restaurant for two reasons, we had a gift certificate/coupon, and we were attending the Cardinals game at 7 pm. We intended to sit, relax, pace our eats, and drink until the game. At the time we were seated, there wasn't any wait, and there were only two tables full in the area we were sat. We looked online before we came and they had a lot of good looking choices. We we were seated, we were given a one page (front/back) Special Event menu. On this special menu, there wasn't that many options, but we thought whatever and we were hungry. Our thoughts were if the menu is smaller everything should be done correctly, wrong so wrong.  For appetizers we ordered Chips & Salsa, guacamole, and jalapeno poppers.Chips- Wouldn't call them chips. More like tostadas broken in half and sometimes thirds.Salsa- Not much flavor or spice and lacked saltGuacamole- tasted like avocados were previously frozen or was in a plastic container. It lacked salt and flavor. To improve it, we used our limes from our beverages, added salt, and the salsa we had at our table. Made it better, but not by much.Jalapeno poppers- Not what I expected. Was basically cream cheese, bacon, and diced jalapenos molded together and shaped like a jalapeno. Had good flavor and was possibly fried a little too long, but it had bacon in it, so how bad could it be.For our entrees we ordered the taco salad and the classic taco with refried beans. I did not taste the taco salad, but it was described as OK. I had the Classic taco plate with refried beans. As stated before, everything lacked salt. I can honestly say Taco Bell tacos and pintos & cheese are far more superior then what I ate at Calico Jack's.Now here is where the disappointment gets a little deeper. We went to pay for our bill and was told that we could NOT use our gift certificate on Special Events. Special Event? It's just a pre-season Cardinal game and being walking distance to the stadium (0.3 miles) should not be deemed a special event. I love the Cardinals, but it's no New Years celebration. Now we had to pay around $75.00 for a below standard meal when we could have gladly paid that and more at the Yard House which was nearby. Being irritated by this, my wife asked to speak to the manager to show us where it stated this on our gift certificate (really couldn't/didn't explain it well), but told us that on game days it's considered a special event, and that the menu it scaled back to items that can be cooked/prepared quickly, and that their corporate office decides when the special events are. So basically they are being lazy and greedy to quickly turn over tables.We said when we came in to the establishment, there wasn't that many people in the restaurant. We also mentioned that the food was not at all that good and he said he couldn't control what came out of the kitchen. Is it fair or right for them to claim around 125 events from steps away Jobing .com Arena and over 110 events at University of Phoenix Stadium as special events? Needless to say, I will not be returning to this place even if it were free. If you do, just go for the drinks, because those were very good, well made, and not watered down. Our waitress was very good and pleasant as well as all the other table staff.
1	I have never written a review before but since this place was so TERRIBLE, I felt like a review was needed. Shortly after getting out of a football game across the street, our group walked in to what felt like 100 degree weather. There was no AC except for a couple ceiling fans; it felt as if I was actually eating my meal in Mexico... When we asked for chips and salsa, they were out of salsa and brought us guacamole instead, which they then charged us for without notice. Last but not least the chips were stale, the food was horrible!!!!!  the beer was hot, the service was AWEFUL and it cost about 90 dollars for three people to eat. I wish I could give this establishment -5 stars. DO NOT EAT HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Absolutely horrible! Went here on a Sunday after the football game and could not believe what I quickly encountered. No A/C inside, ground fans hanging from the ceiling by rope, and really bad service. When you go to a Mexican cantina you are usually in the mood for chips and salsa, well not here!!!! On a SUNDAY, which has a cardinals and coyotes game going on, they ran out of salsa!!!!! How that's even possible, beats me! Room temperature beers, horrible service, hot, and really bad food! Tasted like it was microwaved and thrown onto a plate. I remember meals in grade school from my crack head cafeteria lady tasting better then this. And to add salt to the wound, for 3 of us, it was $90!!! Please don't eat here, this place needs to be done away with!
1	I typically like to take my grill and cook for myself when I go to University of Phoenix Stadium for a Cardinal game.  In retrospect, I wish I had this time around. But, since I had a car full of family, I chose to make it easy on myself and find a place to eat at Westgate....so we wandered into Calico Jack's Cantina. Thank Goodness the Cardinals won, because this experience would've ruined my gameday otherwise. We were seated right away, and a waiter came over to take drink orders, which we got in good time. So far, so good. We were offered chips and salsa. But then the waiter tells us that they are putting all the food orders in at 11am, when the kitchen opens, in staggered order so it doesn't overwhelm the kitchen. Tells us it could be 35-40 minutes. No problem. There was a sign on the wall about a grand reopening just two days earlier....that should've been an indication they haven't ironed out the kinks just yet. Food was coming very slowly out of the kitchen. There were other football fans, Eagles fans, behind us screaming profanity at the TV in earshot of my kids. Best of all, the GM-- a younger looking guy in a hat, was plainly drinking beer from a can BEHIND the bar.  Is that even legal??  Waiter comes out at 11:35 and says it's still going to be another 25 minutes...OK..still good, and I asked to pay ahead so when our food comes we can eat & bolt for the stadium.  12:10 comes and no food-- and we're not alone, I talked to a guy in the bathroom who waited an hour with no food.  So when I ask the waiter says our order hasn't even been started and it'll be another 30  minutes and I ask to have my charge refunded. The waiter does this and offers a free round of beers for the inconvenience.  We asked if they'd just take that round of beers off our bar tab...DENIED! I won't be giving this place another chance, and I wouldn't recommend it for anyone else either.  But I will offer some advice to the GM....1. don't drink on the job---very unprofessional!    2.  If you have a dining room full of hungry folks drinking and watching football at 10am,  why wait until 11 to open your kitchen??  You're asking for an overwhelmed line every Sunday.  Open the kitchen at 10 and give your kitchen a fighting chance.
1	Worst Mexican food I can remember eating and/or paying...hoping somebody that runs this place is aware of how terribly bad they are...we seriously debated walking out on our 90$ bill because first of all 3 ppl 90$ is f*#king ridiculous for the food they served and because our server could not have been more worthless...this establishment is a JOKE
2	Ok, this was our 2nd time coming here ever. The 1st was last year before the last Lions/Cards game. At that time, the place was rocking, the food was flowing and the bartenders were very attentive. They even had a Bacon Bloody Mary that my girlfriend loved!! So on that note, we came back, why did we do that?We get there about 10:15(NFL Sunday) and we were told that the kitchen didn't open till 11am, makes very little sense because the games start at 10am. Whatever, hit us with some chips and salsa for the time being.....Server comes to us and lets us know that the kitchen is open and that we can place an order....7mins later, sorry, I was wrong kitchen is closed and you get even put in a order till 11am.....Okay.My friend had the Chicken Quesadilla, didn't like it too much, something with off with the chicken. She ordered another one with just cheese and pico, that took about 45mins.I have never looked at the reviews for this place and couldn't believe I didn't see these before, only because we were so hung-up on the Bacon Bloody, we didn't even think twice about it, oh yeah about that Bacon Bloody, the server told us that it didn't sell, to the point where they just gave it away for free...That's smart.Not sure what the deal is, but if your gonna fail, do it in the summer, at least try to get it together for Football Sunday, the one day you can make a profit. We will not be returning.
1	First time going here before the Coyotes game.  Service was decent, however the food was terrible and overpriced.  Worst mexican food I've ever had.  Also there was a golf video game next to our table that was randomly making noise.  Asked about turning it off or down and they said there was nothing they could do.  Didn't offer to move us or anything.  Not going back here.
1	Not impressed. Salsa had zero flavor. Waited almost a hour for our food. Wasn't busy. Never coming back. Sad day cuz the waitress was nice.
1	Bad service bad food didn't have their two signature drinks on a NFL Sunday before the game. Not a good place to go before the game and can't be a good place to go after. The nachos were a mess and ravioli were still frozen in the middle.
1	I give this place one star because it wasn't the absolute worst restaurant experience I've had. The bartender was cordial at least, once he realized we existed. We came in tonight , New Year's Eve and entered right as it was clearing out.  Ie: most had gotten or were finished with their meals.  They were not busy and being directly across from jobing.com, they should be prepared for game nights and new years.  (Having worked at a restaurant next to a sporting arena, I am aware of how this works.) Long story short, 1 order of not good chicken tacos took a half hour, our taquitos were completely forgotten, the employees were wandering around on their cell phones; that's if you can tell who works there, as they all wear street clothes. These people either don't know what they're doing, or they don't care because they're guaranteed business when all the edible places are busy.  I will never go here again and dissuade anyone I know to do so either.
1	I would put zero star if I could TERRIBLE! Steak tacos had no flavor when I asked for hot salsa the waiter/bartender brought me cholula seriously at a Mexican restaurant you would expect HOT SAUCE! Corona was warm and server brought out warm mug!~ oh and by the way lunch for two w 2 beers was $45.00!
2	NHL hockey night at Jobing.com arena means restaurants are doing crazy business.   With added patrons one would expect management to increased staffing   I've been to a couple of the arena area restaurants in the daytime and they are empty. So, if it's football or hockey there will be a lot of people so be a manager I probably would give it a 3 but the service was slow because they were  understaffed.  Draft Coors light not very cold.  Food was forgettable , which means average.  But the main reason I will eschew this place was the restroom attendant.  It is a small bathroom, real small.  It was creepy, very creepy.  Female friend said same in the ladies room.  I've been in really nice expensive restaurants with huge bathrooms with attendants.      I still think needing someone to have to hand you a paper towel is superfluous anywhere.  But at Calico  Jacks  it was worse than superfluous, it was pretentious. I will go back to the Saddlehouse where they trust you to pee without a supervisor.
1	Terrible!!! Absolutely terrible!!!!  Terrible..... I just saw a cook use the restroom and not wash his hands... Then I'm told it's been a problem before... Absolutely gross.. worst establishment ive ever been too.. the owner managememt should be ashamed !!!
1	The staff is extremely rude and the food is horrible. Do not come here! Tegian was supposed to put us in VIP but there is no such thing as VIP here. Horrible!!!!!! Said tbt need 10 people for a gift card but they would not include myself. I will never go back here
1	The food was bland and the service was an "I don't want to be here attitude". We will not go back. I ordered fajitas and the steak was already cubed (no sizzle at all) it did not come with lettuce, cheese, or sour cream, only rice and beans.
1	Oh my...one word terrible. Went to Calico jacks on Mother's day. First, the service was horrible. It's like the waitress didn't want to work. No drink refills, no one even came to check on us. For all they know we could have left and they wouldn't haven't cared. Second, food was terrible, no flavor. Last the drinks, if I order a drink and you don't have the mixing ingredients, don't try to make something just come tell me. Drinks were horrible. Will not go back. If I was the owner I would fire everyone and start over.
2	My friend and I arrived at 7pm and the place was empty.  Our server came almost immediately and took our drink order which was 2 frozen margaritas.  It took about 10 minutes for the drinks to come and they were 85% ice and maybe 10% margarita.  Our dinner was chicken fajitas and carne asada fajitas with rice and beans which were $2 extra.  Forget the rice and beans cause there was no taste to the beans and the rice was the worst rice I have ever had! (Hard, crunchy and no flavor).  The fajitas were ok, lots of chicken, onions and peppers. The carne asada meat was way over cooked and very bland.I won't go back there and wouldn't recommend it.  The only thing that was good was the service!
3	Eh. It was alright. I expected more. I've heard so much about this place, but I guess its really just a late night place, not somewhere you'd want to go with family and kids during the day.  We went for a combo of my husbands bday and my son graduating his after school program (behavior related). I called ahead to make sure it would be ok for kids, and she said yea because at 9pm is when they start carding everyone, which was perfect for us. So we get there, and they seat us. They get us a high chair for my toddler, my son is playing on his game. Our waitress must have been new, and literally just started. She wrote down all the alcohol on her note pad, and wasn't too sure of everything. We ordered some margaritas as it was still happy hour. They weren't good at all - they didn't seem to have any alcohol - If that was a margarita, then I must be an alcoholic LOL. So my mother in law went to the bartender, and they got the bartender in charge - he made the margaritas and they were PERFECT. I don't know his name, but he called himself the Irish bartender (has a tattoo of something Irish too!). Then we decided to order some appetizers... and the "menu" only had three entrees on it - tacos, fajitas or burrito..... Sad. The website showed SO much more than that! They call it a summer menu. The food was pretty good, but it took forever to get it. I don't think I'll be back. Or if I come back it will be for late night drinks with friends, but not ever gonna come back just to eat or stop by. Just be warned, there wasn't hardly anyone there when we were there and it was still slow. I can't imagine it would be any faster if they were busy... :(I give it a 3 just for the Irish bartender guy. He was amazing!
4	I'm a little biased but generally have had a good time at this place. I liked the food. Good wings but they have changed them somewhat an I liked them better before. Staff is very friendly. Fun atmosphere!! Five it a chance people!! The angry reviews are just that angry.
1	Tried to day drink here. Walked in and walked right out! Smells like feet and 100% empty! Trashy.
1	Service, meh. Not very busy and yet couldn't get a refill. We got our chips and salsa about 2 minutes before our food. Lots of staff but none seemed to be doing anything. Food, meh. Salsa was alright. the chips were the bottom of the bag, broken into little pieces. The wife barely touched her carne asada tacos and my carnitas tacos were basically cilantro flavored. My daughter did enjoy the bacon cheesy fries. Price, horrible.Portion sizes were small for the price. I guess I'm used to more bang for my buck. Family ambiance, poor. It really isn't great for kids. No separate kid menu. If you have picky kids this isn't the place to be. There's better Mexican places nearby. A lot of them. If you plan on tequila shots this might be the place to be but if you want a nice meal, I'd suggest passing it by.
1	Ok this was completely unacceptable I ordered fajitas for 13 or 14 bucks  I got 6 pieces a chicken a half a scoop guacamole half a scoop of sour cream in a teaspoon of pico. Terrible service no refills on my drinks. Did I mention only 2 family's were in this place. We had to get up for salt my girls got there own refills. Ummm no. Food has no flavor. 75 dollars plus I left a 5 dollar tip which he did not deserve that. I posted the pic on their instagram.  Never again.
1	Service was poor, and all orders came out wrong..I can deal with that but the menu is selection is small, they only provide a few items and "was out of chicken" really you serve 6 items and can't even keep enough on hand?
2	Good music to dance to but too ghetto for my tastes. In addition, after you pay a cover and go in you can't go out and come back in. You have to pay the cover again. That's gotta be one of the stupidest thing I ever heard.
1	My first ever review...the reason I created a yelp account! I didn't have high hopes for the lack of stars already when my boyfriend and mom and I decided to visit, but they took restaurant.com coupons on a weekend and we were in the westgate area so I thought "it cant be that bad". I was so wrong. There was only one other table in the entire bar so I wasn't shocked when our waiter greeted us right away. I ordered a margarita from the sign that hung above the bar...only to be told they do not serve those margaritas.....?? Excuse me? Hahahha what, why are they up there then? The waiter had no response, so I awkwardly ordered a beer and let it go. The menu had about 10 items... extremely condensed. We ordered guac and chips which ultimately came AFTER our meal, and we each had some horrible rendition of food they claimed to be Mexican. I could go on explaining every detail of this awful awful experience, but bottom line is - the food was awful, small portions and waaay overpriced, the service was awful. It was unanimously decided that I am never allowed to pick restaurants based on restaurant.com coupons specifically because this place was SO bad, I didn't even want to call and complain to a manager. I would not go back even if they gave me a free meal. Unless a manager could compensate me with giving me a gift certificate to a DIFFERENT restaurant FAR FAR away from this dump, calling a manager at Calico Jacks would be a downright waste of time.
2	Went here last night with some girl friends and had a decent time. Seems like everyyything that had alcohol in it was $6. Shots of generic tequila, draft beers, and mixed drinks. So if youre gonna drink, just get shots because their mixed drinks SUCK and their beer is warm. I asked for a long island and got nasty watered down juice crap. Seriously the worst drink I ever had. Long islands are supposed to be strong! I had to ask the bartender outside to fix it. Apparently she knows the bartenders inside cant mix for sh*t too. Music was mostly spanish, almost made me want to leave but then they played some good stuff for like 30 min. Nobody can dance by the way. Guys and girls. Lots of older ppl and lots of shaved heads. Idk....i would say if you cant go anywhere else, this should be your last resort. Or else just get drunk and you wont really care too much.
1	Awful place. The food is blah and took 30 mins to arrive! Margarita was a lime sno-cone. Ordered a captain & coke, got a Bacardi and coke. Ordered a Mai tai, got a Bahama mama. The server spilled water on my husband. They gave us a ticket that we could come back and get a free drink after the concert, but by that time they charged a $10 cover for men. No wonder they didn't have a wait like everywhere else before the concert!
1	Its got so much potential, service staff attentive but the food is not very good and its always so hot inside!  Skip it, until the kitchen improves!
2	Upon entry, my co-workers and I were a bit skeptical as the place was nearly empty at 1:30pm and there was not a hostess.  Eventually a girl from the kitchen yelled for us to sit anywhere we wanted.  The lunch menu is extremely limited; another 'red flag'. The salsa was really good; the chips were soggy.  Ordered the quesadilla with no meat; which was VERY good! The waitress was friendly, but a bit in over her head.
1	Terrible, terrible, terrible!! 15 minutes to get a waiter at our table & as soon as we asked for waters, he was gone for another 10 minutes. Then they switched servers on us. Although she tried, our appetizer came out 30 seconds before our meals. And to top it off, one meal didn't come out until the rest if us were practically finished. The food itself was below average at best - greasy chips, the salsa was like spicy tomato sauce, the queso was cold and congealed. And, for the kicker here... There was a DJ, which is to be expected for a Saturday, and that's fine. But the music was so loud that you couldn't even talk to each other at our table. Please, save yourself and skip this place. If I could have given no stars, I would have!
1	Why please with all the amazing Baja style street taco amazing places would this place be here still!!!! This is not Mexican food it's crap on a plate , water salsa, old soggy chips. I want to go back and help the chef in the back if you can't make salsa ..PLEASE don't open a Mexican restaurant. ..this place will close! Super bowel around corner get your shit together!
1	WOW.......how do you run out of tea??    They were out of tea?? Iced tea.....in ARIZONA ON GAME DAY? Service was horrible.  Food was just okay.  Had to get my own silverware. Would never go again.  Read the reviews on line before and was not looking forward to it.  However,  had to meet our group there not by choice.You live you learn.  By the way as you walked to the women's restroom the men's door was opened and you could peek at the urinals that were being used.  Nice!!
1	I wish there was an option for zero stars. They ran out of chicken and apparently every nacho ingredient. When our order came out, the nachos were smothered in ranch and jalapenos with a scoop of guac. It did not resemble the menu item aside from the chips. No silverware and we had to get our own napkins. By far the worst dining experience of all time. They did change the tv for me so thats a plus.
