4	Nothing quite kills the holiday spirit for me like a trip to the post office in December. I hate dealing with the crowds of impatient people. And let's face it, impatient customers tend to be rude and that can make the post office employees less then stoked about dealing with you. Yesterday I had to go to the post office to mail out some Christmas gifts. It was the day before the cut-off date to ship Christmas presents so I expected it to be a madhouse, and I pretty much spent the whole day dreading what was in store for me later. Wow, was I in for a surprise when I got to the post office. The parking lot is small and if was pretty packed but I managed to get a spot someone else was pulling out of... I piled my boxes up and used my chin to keep the stack from falling as a made my way to the door... This is where a post office employee came to my rescue. Not only did he open the door for me, he then ushered me over to a machine where I was able to weigh and measure my boxes, print out the postage and pay (by credit/debit card only). I was done in less then 15 minutes. As I walked out there was still a good dozen people in line, perhaps more. You can use that handy machine til 8, even though the post office closes at either 5 or 6 pm, depending on the day. Major thanks to that post office employee for saving me so much time and ensuring I didn't lose my holiday spirit!
4	Going to the post office is about as appealing as having your teeth pulled without anesthesia. This post office is an exception to the pain. Parking is usually busy, and there is a rough curb you have to drive over to get into the lot. Once you go in they have an APC machine and your standard PO boxes. Usually there's a line to the door...or past it. It wouldn't be the USPS without a line. But the line usually moves fast and that gets you to the counter where things improve substantially. The employees that work at this PO have always been helpful and friendly. Have a bulky box you gotta ship? No grumbling here. Want a certain stamp? They'll help track it down. Consistently good service...that's what I find here. It's so good that while I always grumble about the line, I forget about it when I'm done and walk out the door. On 4/2/12 I had to send another large item and my box didn't really work. They went in the back and found one that did, and let me cut back in line after I got it ready to go. Again...it's the little things. This PO gets it right. 4 stars. Can't give them 5...the place needs a good cleaning. Look at the floor. Ick! But good service covers a multitude of sins.
2	Thievery Alert: I sent an envelope from this USPS to Nebraska. Somewhere along the way that envelope was open, 2 memory cards specially packaged inside were removed, the envelope was resealed and sent on it's way where it arrived empty. I don't know who stole the memory cards but the trail starts at this USPS. I hope sharing my experience saves others from a similar problem.
5	Been here twice. The people look a bit overworked but the two people that have helped me were polite. Looks like they might need a little help. Just something I sense.No complaints.
3	I like the St. Rose post office location more than this one. Today, there was only one employee working consistently. They have a woman, walking around with a clipboard, with little squares of paper. Telling what shipping options we have. SHE SHOULD BE BEHIND THE COUNTER!Because even with those silly sheets of paper, it was slow. slow . slow.***TODAY, 12/6 I did the kiosk in the front lobby by the PO boxes. I weighed, bought labels and shipped 5 packages with my 11month old getting anxious while taking off her shoes and hat......There were two ladies in front of me, and I still got done before the people in line who walked in at the same time as me. Kiosk for the win!
1	The mail carrier in our neighborhood is the worst. I keep track of the times he enters the neighborhood and the time he gets to our street. Today he entered the neighborhood at 11 a.m. and at 4:31 and we still don't have our mail. When he is out sick--or whatever--the people who do his route are here no later than 3 p.m. His service is deplorable. Either he needs more help and less conversation. After this review, I can only image worse service.
