5	What a WONDERFUL job Superior Pus did with our hardwood flooring. Scott came out to see what we wanted to hire him for and see if he was going to be able to get ALL OF THE GLUE off of our floors.  We just had brand new hardwood floors installed by Express Flooring the week prior and had been contacting Express Flooring to come back out to get all of the glue off our floors, and Express Flooring never bothered to come back out to our home to remove the glue.Scott and his assistant came out and worked for hours on our floor getting all of the glue off. When we walked in it looked like brand new hard wood floors. How BEAUTIFUL they look.  We want to thank Scott and his assistant and I'm sorry I do not remember his name for a TERRIFIC JOB on our new hardwood flooring!I would hire SUPERIOR PLUS again to do another job at my home they are the BEST.
5	I would give these guys ten stars if I could!From my initial call to Superior Plus, I knew I would be in good hands. Scott was genial, articulate and professional. Call me a stickler for professionalism, but it really irks me when I call a business number, only to be greeted with a "hello?" - this was not the case with Scott. I ended up booking a cleaning for my office carpet on the spot. One the day of the cleaning, Matt showed up at precisely when he was scheduled to be here. He was personable and clean-cut, and very tolerant of my 101 questions - seriously, even I was annoying myself, but it didn't seem to agitate Matt in the least. I won't divulge any of their "trade secrets", but I will say that Matt did things a little differently than any other carpet cleaning company has in the past. In the last four years since my company has been in our building, we've gone through several different carpet cleaning companies - each one seemingly worse than the last. I had actually come to believe - thanks to what three other companies had told me - that our carpet was damaged beyond repair, which resulted in an inability to remove most of the dirty appearance. You can imagine my surprise when I saw our carpet for the first time after Matt finished, and it looked nearly new! Matt didn't seemed surprised with the results, but I certainly did. Fast forward to today - the day after our cleaning - and the carpet has dried to a beautiful finish. I'm still stunned by how fantastic everything looks. I would also like to mention that Superior Plus charged us less than every other company we had used prior. I will never (ever) use another carpet cleaning company again!
