3	I think Mandarin Chef falls around 3.5 stars but I'm giving them 3 for the first visit.We had crab puffs (rangoon) which were very good.  Not heavy or oily at all.  We followed that with house moo shu, pork fried rice, orange chicken and egg drop soup.  The pork fried rice was very good, made with BBQ pork.  The orange chicken was also very good.  Tender white meat chicken fried in a light crispy coating.  We ordered it without spice so the kids would try it and added our own hot oil.  The egg drop soup was not good, very watery.  The moo shu came already wrapped in 4 pancakes.  It was served on a plate with the hoison sauce on the plate and in a dish on the plate.  So the bottom two were soaked in sauce.  One was very hard and messy to eat, the other just disintegrated.  I've never seen moo shu served like this before and I have to say it is a lousy way to serve it.  The waitress seemed putout that we needed another pancake.  I must say that the filling for the moo shu was quite good.  So overall a mixed experience with some strong food, some weak food and some strange issues.  Jury's still out.We all thought the fortune cookies offered deeper platitudes than the typical fortunes:Romance moves you in a new direction.Never bring unhappy feelings into your home.No one has a good enough memory to make a successful liar.Learn to listen, not hear.
2	After a second visit I am revising down to 2.25 stars.  They do chicken dishes pretty well but we have been disappointed in other things.  And their spicy is not very spicy.  I added hot oil to my spicy garlic shrimp.  I actually dipped my shrimp into the side of hot oil I requested.  That got 'er done.I almost requested chopsticks so that I could repeatedly jam them in my ears and stop hearing the brutal Muzak renditions of such songs as "Yesterday" and "I Started a Joke".  My daughter even piped up with, "Dad, this music is really, really bad.  What is it?"
4	I stopped in for lunch today and was pleasantly surprised by their extensive lunch menu for around $5!  For $5.25 I got the chicken and broccoli, which came with soup, rice, spring roll and crab wonton.  Everything was tasty and with a soda and tax/tip I walked out spending a total of $10.  You can barely do that at McDonald's these days, and Mandarin Chef is much better than McD's any day of the week if you ask me.  I'll be back.
1	SAVE YOUR MONEY!!! I will never, ever go back here again. When they first opened their food was good but this place has gone severely downhill! They actually water down their sweet n sour sauce!!!! I have never in my life had watered down sweet n sour until we ate here tonight. The consistency was literally like red water....no joke! It was purely disgusting. We ordered crab puffs (with barely any cream cheese in them) and egg rolls and we couldn't even finish our appetizers because dipping them in the red water was just unappetizing! My husband ordered shrimp chow mein and there were 3 shrimp in the whole dish. My biggest pet peeve is when restaurants cut back on stupid things....like watering down their sauces. I have never encountered a restaurant that did that so greatly then this place. What a disgrace! If you want good quality food go to Great Wall! I wish I had, but this place was more convenient, next time I'll drive further so I don't feel that I just threw my money away!
4	Great place!  And they deliver!  Ordered orange chicken and there actually was chicken instead of just breading like at Panda Express.  My spring rolls were cold but the did not hesitate to deliver us new hot ones when I called about them being cold.  Would definitely recommend!
1	Garbage, do not waste your money.  The bo bo platter had gummy beef skewers, fried chicken skewers wsy over cooked,  and mushy flattened shrimp that looked like they were beaten like an inmate.  The chicken chop suey had chewy chicken, a few veggies, too much sprouts, and canned mushrooms. This slop sucks.
4	I just love the Mongolian beef, I order it every time I get take out.
4	This place serves up a few authentic dishes - I have ordered the salty fish and Chicken fried rice, House pan fried noodles are few times and every time they are very good.
5	This place is just about as good as it gets. Not only are they very nice, but the food we order is always wonderful quality. Admittedly there is a large part of the menu we haven't tried, since we stick to our own favorites, but everything we have tried is great. Plus, we feel the price is extremely reasonable for the amount of food you get. The value is especially great for their dinner and lunch combos. I love that the dinner combo comes with a crab rangoon, egg roll and a single large fried shrimp. Plus soup! All for around $10. I know of nowhere else you can get that sort of value.
4	I just love Mandarin Chef. One thing that puts it above the rest is the fact that they will deliver to my house.  The food is good and the prices are definitely right.  They even have a nice website portal so that you can order directly from their website.  It is user friendly and the delivery is very prompt.We usually order quite a few dishes and they are always very good.  I am a really picky Fried Rice eater and like mine a certain way;  lots of veggies, egg and cooked darker brown.  So many places don't do it the way I like it and the way that I grew up used to it.  Mandarin chef is one of the closest I have found.  Today, I ordered a lunch special of Honey Chicken (usually an entree we order for dinner) and it came with fried rice (not the usual with stuff in it), a crab puff, a vegetable egg roll, and soup.  The price is right for $5.99.  You just can't get all that somewhere else.The food is always tasty and I will always go back to Mandarin Chef.
4	So far everything we have tried has been really good. Our family likes that they delivery perfect for after that long day and you don't want to cook or even leave the house. They are very accommodating on orders where the kids don't want the brocoli on the cashew chicken for instance.  If you order before 3pm the lunch menu saves a few $$ . We also found out there open on holidays however the holidays the do charge a higher price.
5	I walked in to this establishment to be greeted by a beauteous and voluptuous waitress with just a tiny hint of an accent. I was quickly escorted to my table and given a first class starter. The food was so delicious that I ji**ed in my pants. LITERALLY. And then they gave me the bill, it was $6!!! I'm like $6?! I'm the boss! I don't pay for food. So I THREW IT ON THE GROUND. After eating at this restaurant I felt like I JUST HAD SEX.
5	5 stars, because they deliver! And the delivery guy, Brian, was super friendly and awesome.The food arrived hot and in a timely manner.The hot and sour soup was great with just the right amount of spice and was probably my favorite thing we ordered.Mongolian beef was good, but I'm a harsh critic on this dish, because the chinese restaurant in our old neighborhood had the best one I've ever had.I haven't dined in yet, so I can't give a rating on that, but I will try it out one of these days. In the meantime, I absolutely will be ordering delivery again in the near future.Sidenote- if you are debating between this restaurant and Great Wall chinese restaurant in the same area, go here. It is a thousand times better than Great Wall. Seriously, it beats it by a landslide. You can check my review on that one to see what I mean.
