1	Well I attended and graduated from mmi in hopes of being a motorcycle mechanic they said the industry was in need of mechanics hahaha BS the industry is so over filled with MMI Punk's being an mmi graduate actually hurts you when you apply for a job. too many kids screwed up MMI's name now its just a cosmetology school with bikes its a joke
5	I attend here. So far, it's been a great experience. I've learned a lot and I don't expect to get a job when I graduate from here because I already know that you can't just get a job because of a school you've attended. Although, I do plan on taking my experience to opening up my own shop. Guys that graduate from here and are complaining about not being able to get a job, stop your b*tching. The school is for you to learn the skilled trade and to earn a certification. Not to guarantee you a job.
1	All this did for me was put me over 20K further in debt. Like the ad says one in five get jobs in their field of study. Most shop owners are leary of hiring a MMI grad, due to so many have come and gone. Makes you wonder why most of the instructors go back there to teach in a short time in the field. So thank you MMI for all the BS you gave us.
1	I have 3 friends graduating March 2015. i only hear them say "my instructor said..."  They lack knowledge of newer technology--i have to prove there lack of knowledge by actually showing them a bike.   They are taking instructors opinion as gospel. I'm hoping that MMI is getting factory training/information and teaching accurate information. Instructors could stop educating students on how motorcycle manufacturers produce crappy products. If only the manufactures knew what MMI is saying about their bikes. You'd think that MMI would have made the best motorcycle in the world with their big headed instructors and new graduates.  MMI should teach professionalism and customer service skills since customers will be putting food on their table.  Thanks but no thanks, i won't let these guys touch my customers bike--too much at stake. I'll let them dispose of waste materials and sweep the floor.  I agree with Ken S, $20K down the drain. Maybe cheaper by attending lawn mower repair course, then be mentored for motorcycle repair.
