5	Good spot for me!! Maria takes care of me there. Hope she stay there. And does very good job. Be back always
5	Amazing Hair cut. I would never change my barber or switch shops!! My suggestion go to this shop. You'll be happy!!
5	Took my husband and got cut with Eddie G the Barber. He's a great guy to chat with while hanging out at the shop. We always show up early and see how well all the other barbers cut great hair. My lil nephews like to play basketball in the lounge area (back lobby). It's fun to hang out there listening to good music (Spanish Latin & hip hop rap). Totally an urban and classic barbershop atmosphere with a mix of new era appearance! It seems like the shop gets nicer every visit. Definetly recommend it guys!!
5	The guys at this barbershop are great, clean cutz and good vibes.Always playing good music.They get busy make sure to set appointment
5	I've been coming to Razorsharp for a while now, my boy Eddie alway hooks it up. The music at this spot is really good also, so call them up and set an appointment... they get really busy
5	Honestly this is the BEST Barber Shop in Vegas... I get my cut from Eddie every week... When Eddie is off I have no issue getting a cut with any of the other BARBERS.. This Shop is truly in incredible.. Free Wifi , Cable TV, Very Clean, Good Vibes, Open on Sunday's, I Highly Recommend This Shop,
5	These cuts never get old thanks too Eddie, and the barbers at razor shop barber shop . Excellent service, excellent cuts, and excellent accessories. All the barbers here are professional, and it's fast to get a hair cut
1	Went here on a Tuesday morning at 10am had to work at 12:15 thought I had plenty of time with only one barber and one guy in the chair. While I was waiting some guy showed up walking around like he owned the place and jumped in the chair before me. The barber and him were clearly friends. Now I'm on my way to work without my haircut. Don't go here if you can't wait several hours to get your hair cut.
5	I've been getting cut by my boy Jose for a long while now. Every time I leave the shop I feel fresher and cleaner.  That's the high quality of cuts they'll provide for you here.All the barbers here are excellent at what they do. Be sure to make an appointment prior to visiting, they stay busy all the time, that shouldn't be a surprising, remember they are skilled barbers.Thanks and keep up the good work.
