5	I had the rabbit, my wife had the kangaroo, both were excellent. The accompanying side items were complimentary to the taste and well presented.The staff was exceedingly friendly, knowledgeable, and pleasant. The church decor made for an interesting setting. We sat up at the alter and admired the stained glass in the back.Though the restaurant is much pricier than the standard KW fare, Versus is a cut above most anything else in the area. KW needs more restaurants like Versus to make up for its strangely under developed restaurant scene.
5	I came here on a Business trip earlier this year. It's an old church that was turned into a restaurant when the Parrish (is that what they call it?) grew too large and moved elsewhere. They serve non-typical meats like alligator, elk and buffalo. The decor and atmosphere blend well and it matches the theme of the restaurant. That night I had the kangaroo I've never had but figured I'd try it). The meat was tender and the side items that came with the dish was paired well. Both the presentation of the dishes and the service were excellent. This is another restaurant that I would definitely like to experience again.
5	We went with the family to celebrate #1's 21st Birthday after checking Yelp for somewhere nice to eat in Waterloo/Kitchener. Seems like there isn't much competition in the area which is surprising. Anyway we arrived late for our 5pm dinner - but that wasn't a problem - we were still made to feel very welcome. The old church is smaller than I had imagined but not exactly what I would call cosy (due to the high ceiling) - it has certainly been nicely refurbished and is very comfortable. The waiters were very attentive and made good recommendations for dinner and the wine.The food was fabulous - from the delicious breadbasket through the appetizers and main courses right through to the dessert and coffee. Presentation was great and each dish was described in detail to each of us by the waiters. Only #4 was disappointed with her choices but #2 was more than happy to help her out.We had a very relaxed and tasty dinner and left disappointed that  since #1 will be finishing her last year at Wilfrid Laurier - we won't have an excuse to go again.It was pricey for six at just under $600 including the tip - but in my opinion it was worth it.
5	I absolutely loved the dining experience that I had at Verses!  With an allergy to sugar cane, dining out has become nearly impossible for me and my family.  The servers at Verses took my allergy seriously and made substitutions to all of my choices.  I enjoyed every morsel of food and the service was superb! I will definitely be going back.Rebecca LofsnesGloss
2	I am writing this letter as to our dining experience for your special valentines dinner that u offered. First, I would like to say the service was excellent and the ambiance very unique ( although I am not sure about the modern chairs around the bar?)As for dinner is was completely lacking for a fine dining experience. My salad was some arugula on a plate with 4 dried apricots. Not sure it even had dressing on it and was very bitter. Frogs legs that I had we're yummy. As for my meal,  the veal Oscar, it was way to salty and the lady said she wasn't sure why as they don't use salt. Shrugged her shoulders and left. Hmm.  So then she came to our table and told us she was getting us more meat. she brought me another slice which was raw. I explained to her that I had just gone thru cancer Tx and my meat has to be cooked as my immunity is low. She just said well I went thru all that with breast cancer. My husband had the boar dish and enjoyed it I found the plates  lacking in any kind of presentation. Just meat on a white plate. I would hope that your regular menu is much better. After spending 275.00 I don't think we will be dining at verses again.
4	A decent place in town for special occasions. The dishes are tasty and well presented. The menu selection is wide enough to make it a short adventure with whoever you come. The building used to be a church, and the restaurant tries to use that as part of its decor which is a bit different than other restaurants. I've gone several times and wasn't disappointed.
