4	Whenever my boyfriend and I are at SouthPark Mall, he always wants to stop at Dick's Sporting Goods on the way out to check out any possible sales. I've ended up finding a couple cheap items here while he's browsing. I bought a nice swimsuit top for 11 bucks, for example. Dick's has pretty much every sporting good or athletic clothing item you could ever think of. With a large climbing wall in the middle of the store, it's a pretty experiential, fun place.
4	I hit up this Dick's for all of my sporting and even outerwear needs. If you're not familiar with Dick's Sporting Goods, you should be: it's awesome. Honestly, this one in particular has EVERYTHING you could ever want having to do with sports. I needed shotgun shells for a shooting range thing I had to do. Of course Dick's had like 10 varieties. I needed running gear when I was training for a half-marathon. I got socks, shoes, shorts, tops and a running hat from Dick's--and I was literally choosing from millions of options. My girlfriend thinks the store is a little overwhelming, which I guess it is--but it's perfect for me. You can literally spend hours in here getting anything you could ever desire. The salespeople are great, too, so the overall experience, especially at this location, is pretty awesome.
4	Great store for browsing and getting ideas for your next sporting good purchase. I was shopping for a kayak and liked the simple guide on how to buy a kayak. They have a good selection of kayaks on the showroom floor.There is almost every type of sporting good in sections staffed with informative and low pressure sales associates. They welcome browsing so you can stay as long as you want.
4	I am a fan of Dick's.....Sporting Goods! :) Couldn't resist...ha. Yep, another chain review for me today, but this place has everything and those that have been there know what I mean. I enjoy this one at South Park the best as it's huge and the staff has always been helpful when I try to navigate the store in search of my "goods" for the week that I'll be sure to use once and then call it a day. Golf, Tennis, Running, Panthers clothes, supplies, etc. I especially like the shoe collection.
4	I mean, you cant really go wrong with a huge sporting goods store that has it a... I would say all, but they were lacking boxing bags for me to punch while my friends shopped.What kind of sporting store doesnt have bags for patrons to relieve stress on? One star deducted, but still a great place with an awesome and honest staff!
4	While I'd prefer to shop at a local sporting goods store, sometimes the small shops don't have what I'm looking for. Thus, my trip to Dick's Sporting Goods. They have pretty much everything you could possibly need to complete your active lifestyle - clothing for kids and adults, sports equipment, camping gear, in home cardio machines, etc. One note, however, they don't have all items in off season - i.e. they don't have a bunch of swimwear in November or ski coats in May. But, honestly, I kind of expected that. The store is set up nicely and the staff have always greeted me kindly. Because of the sheer size of the store, it can sometimes be a bit frustrating to find help. However, every time I've flagged down an employee they have been quite helpful. My only other wish is that they had a more diverse sale section. It's totally hit or miss for me. Sometimes I can score a great deal or two and other times I get annoyed at the $60 price tag of Nike running pants. But, alas, this store has just about everything I've ever looked for in the sporting industry.
3	I go here every once in a while to kill time or shop for some sporting good needs.  It's nice having that big a store (makes for a lot of time suckage) but I can see where it would be frustrating to want to come in and find specific items if you are in a hurry.Supposedly this is one of the Charlotte Dick's "premier running specialty stores" so they care a lot more running shoe brands like Mizuno, Brooks, Asics that you typically can't find in a regular Dick's.Location is convenient to the mall... I like that it's a separate building so it forces people to go outside and enjoy the weather.... bad if it's raining, but I still like that courtyard break from all the stores in Southpark.
4	You cannot miss this place...it is ginormous.If you are looking for anything that has to to with sports, outdoors, or fitness, you'll want to make a stop here. If you take a moment to sign up for their "frequent buyers" program, you can earn rewards or coupons (at least that is what I did a couple years ago). I purchased a pair of athletic shoes and got a great deal. They usually have pretty good apparel sales. If you don't have anywhere to be in a hurry, take your time going through each section. I had fun pretending what I'd need if I ever decide to go camping or what to get if I start my own home gym.
3	I suppose it's my mistake for expecting REI whenever I end up at Dick's. Usually it's because I want to go to REI but don't want to drive to Northlake or Pineville. You can expect a very mediocre experience at this mediocre sporting goods store. They have a huge selection, but you'll be searching a while if you want something specific. And they give way more floor space to clothes than actual sporting goods, so I wouldn't expect any particular department to be that great for hard to find items. But if you want socks in every sports brand known to man, you're in the right place.The prices are decent enough, but don't expect REI-level enthusiasm and trained staff. Every time I've checked out I feel like I'm visiting a morgue with a really long line.
4	An architectural beaut the building housing this Dick's alone makes it the best location in Charlotte in my book. Go inside to see that they seem to have a great deal of fashionable sportswear that is unique to only this South Park location. Two floors make this a pretty well stocked store too. I don't often go about recommending sportswear stores but when it comes to finding one with everything, everybody knows Dick's is the place to go.Great layout, lots of options, styles and fashions. You can get all sweaty and still look good when you gear up here. I'm a fan of the always fully-loaded clearance racks. They have just about anything sports-wise except the more extreme outdoors stuff at a Dick's (like kayaking, mountaineering and spelunking they don't have that stuff). Spring is upon us so get in here and add a color-splash to that work-out getup. Shoes, shorts, shirts, pants, under armor, jackets, etc. Workout machines for the colder months and gear for the outdoors. Even a good array of bike-related stuff - right up my alley.
3	Not just exercise gear for the muscle-heads, Dick's also carries a ton of outdoor gear for camping and hunting. I stopped in to check their prices for ammunition and I was very pleased. They carry this in the store and it's a good $2 a box cheaper than the place where I had been buying. And even better, Dick's has a full selection in stock where the other place seems to be lacking at times.Very friendly service, the guy who helped me with the ammo is a gun enthusiast who was friendly and willing to talk with me about this particular brand for a few minutes.Yes, they have bats and balls and shorts and tshirts and lots of other stuff designed to get you all hot and sweaty while you're running or playing or whatever it is that you thin people do to burn off calories.Also a tip - when you're heading to their website, you need to make sure you spell out the entire DicksSportingGoods.com. If you just use first word, you get... something different.
4	I recently started exercising again and had no real gear for it. Yes, it's been awhile.   Off to Dick's Southpark I go.  Wow, that store is huge and has every name brand imaginable.  Great selection and the staff are very friendly.   Needlesss to say, I spent too much money the first time (my issue/not the store's) and I had to go back to exchange something.  Not good...as I ended us cruising the sales rack and found some other great deals.   I definitely recommend this store for all your athletic needs.
1	I am very disappointed with my experience with mgr. at the southpark dicks. I have spent thousands of dollars over the years at this store and within the past year purchased a expensive pair of mizuno running shoes and part of the bottom cushioning fell off , he was quick to dismiss me stating there was nothing he could do. This is the third pair of these aprox. $200. Shoes I've purchased in the past two years and I wanted to support my local brick and mortar store rather than buying them on line  but I guess your better off buying online because I feel I would have gotten better service from a large on line store. Ernest  Perry
4	This place is genuinely a nice sporting goods & clothing store.  I would never ever.. have gone inside and really browse, if it was not for the mister.  This is your manly store, if the name itself doesn't scream it out loud enough for you.Store -  So I got a good look at what the store carried.  They have an array of Nike, Reebok, and Under Armor clothing and shoes.  I liked their set up and their display, planogram of Nike shorts were appealing enough for me wanting to spend money on a full price of shorts.  Clothes - They have clothes for working out, running, golfing.. In the summer time, they are the only store in South Park Mall area that carries Roxy and Billabong swimsuits.  I cannot believe no other stores in the mall does not carry them.  You're welcome, I saved you the trouble.   Be on a lookout though, they do run out of sizes quickly.Con - They do not carry bowling shoes. Prices - Ouch! Expensive, their sale is not so bad.  Here is hoping to better prices in the future!
