4	Yes, you will eat breakfast here.  And yes, you will leave smelling of grease.  But your stomach will be full, your veins full of caffeine...and you will smile and be satisfied...
4	While I would have to say that Mickie's has a stranglehold on the downtown breakfast scene, Cleveland's is right up there.  It's a little bit more off campus than Mickie's so you won't have to deal with large crowds.  I went there for breakfast the day of Mifflin one year and was seated immediately.  If you like breakfast food I recommend you give it a try.
4	Sometimes there can be a little bit of a wait to eat here but I think it's worth it.  It's very good, inexpensive and totally fills you up.  Their coffee isn't the best, but my scrambled eggs, bacon and home fries were cooked to perfection.
3	Grade: CClassic cheap, greasy breakfasts. Good service. I just can't get all that excited about eggs.
5	It's the best greasy spoon restaurant in the area. I liked it much, much better than Mickie's.Be sure to get some cash before you go here.
5	Why do I love diners the most out of all food establishments? Perhaps because of my father, who loves diners? I cannot say. There's just something about simple food and a cast of characters that makes for a good time.The two brothers that own this little mainstay of Madison are amusing. They're both quite friendly and make you feel at home. One cooks all the food by himself. The other orders, washes dishes, makes the coffee and rings you up. On a Saturday morning, it's like watching a low-budget Cirque du Soleil. Food is always spot on and the decor is everything a diner should be complete with counter seating. Many a morning did I spend at this little spot, driving my cholesterol through the roof. What a time... What a way to go...
4	Now THIS is a great greasy spoon.  Take a note on how food should taste, Mickie's!The wait is often interminably long, and well, there is nowhere to wait.  But it's worth it if you're jonesing for a diner-style breakfast!
