1	I had experienced first hand why it's not a good idea to slide down a banister drunk, and cracked the crystal on my favorite watch. After finally getting around to getting it fixed, I contacted The Watch Repair Company:12/12/09: I call the shop asking about a price quote and ETA on when it would be fixed. I'm told it would be $20, and it would be finished Wednesday (12/16/09).12/23/09: Almost a week after I was told the watch would be fixed I call the shop. I am told that the watch is not finished but it would be the next day (12/24/09, a.k.a. Christmas Eve). Surprised that he would work on Christmas Eve, I am told the watch would be ready between 1-2pm. 12/24/09 3:01 PM: I call the shop, and am told that he just needs to get the watch put back together but it would be ready by 4:30. Frustrated I let him know I would be there at that time.After The Watch Repair Company had fallen through twice, I was starting to get pretty frustrated with their complete lack of contact or clarity on when my watch would be fixed. The only guy that runs this place is almost completely impossible to understand, mumbling  in sort of a primitive way. No matter, I was especially excited to have my watch back.12/24/09 4:30 PM: I walk into the shop and let him know I am there to pick up my watch. He pulls it out of a sleeve mumbling "I got it cleared on out, I can give you a call when the crystal comes in," and hands me the same exact thing I had given him two weeks ago. The crystal was still cracked. After all that, nothing had been done. I am completely speechless, grab the watch, and head for the door. He mumbles "There's no charge on that."I still have no Idea what to say. What a complete waste of time. I have absolutely no idea how this place is still in business.
4	I had been looking for a watch repair shop for months now and was having so much difficulty that I had resorted to keeping the watch in my purse and vowed to find something when out and about. Driving east bound on Indian School Rd. The Watch Repair Company caught my eye in a tiny little strip mall-My prayers had been answered! I pulled quick u-turn and wrangled my car into a spot in their tiny little parking lot. Walking into the shop, its not much to look at-but what caught my eye is that is was CLEAN! Pristine to say the least-a nice change from most watch places that typically are cluttered with pieces as I think most watch/clock repair business's lean towards being hoarders :) It turns out the shop is under new ownership as of a few months ago (so give it another try Coda B.!) and the owner himself Eddie was upfront working on a piece. I only needed a battery replaced, but he did so within 5 minutes and only charged me $5.00. What impressed me more than his timeliness, was the fact that he actually knows his timepieces. I was wearing a watch that he offered to clean for me and upon inspection noted that not only was it a beautifully designed piece, but that it was a custom piece by a smaller designer-surely hard to find just anywhere. He was dead-on, the watch was a honeymoon gift my husband purchased for me while in Capri, Italy. Not only did he clean it-but he also reset a few of the dials that I had not done so since being back in AZ. Check the shop out for yourself and make note that he only accepts cash
5	Went here because it was the only place I could find listed on Yelp. Demitialia's recent experience was on target. My Jean d'Eve had stopped working while in storage and I took it in to get the battery changed. The proprietor glanced at my wrist and recognized my vintage Accutron and said, "Hmm... nice. Collectors' watch..." After opening the Jd'E, turns out the battery ihad corroded. He removed the battery and the corrosion, blew the crud out of the watch with canned air, oiled the works, replaced the battery closed it up, and set the time. $5.00.I asked about a new band. "Lizzard or Crocodile? Maybe plain?" He had a very nice selection of bands in various styles. I chose a crocodile. He threw in new spindles, no charge. $20.We began talking about New York. Turns out he worked on 47th Street (the Diamond District). We traded a few stories about living in NYC. Nice guy.He looked down and noticed that the Jean d'Eve had lost time. Took the whole thing apart again. More air. More oil. "Bring it back if it acts up."Two hours later. I'm back. He replaces the circuit board. No Charge. More air. More oil. "Looks like the corrosion may have gotten into the works... but let's see." Tells me if the watch continues to loose time, he'll have to operate.  Five hours later, the watch seems to be keeping time. I'm a happy man!
5	My new watch needed to have its metal-link bracelet resized and after a frustrating search ("We'll do it only if the watch was bought here" ... "We don't have the right tools for that kind of bracelet" ...), it occurred to me that I should have yelped it first! So after reading the more recent reviews for the establishment under new management (the 1st review is no longer valid - it was for the previous management; I'm waiting for yelp to take it down), I brought my watch here. Eddie was friendly, fast, and got the bracelet resized within a few minutes, for just 5 bucks. Now I know where to bring my watch for battery replacement, or if it ever needs repair in the future.
5	After busting out every tool I could find from the toolbox and trying for 30 minutes to remove a watch link, I gave up.Luckily, the watch guy was able to remove it in under a minute for $5. He also replaces batteries for the same.He's cash only and not open on weekends.
5	Get your old watches out of your drawer! This place is just perfect. I've had 4 watch batteries replaced and one watch polished.  You walk in. The owner asks you what you need. You say watch battery. He says OK. Five minutes and $5 later he hands you your working watch. $5 is also the charge to get all those scratchs off of the face of your watch.Bring cash. No cards accepted. Do not pay attention to the first reviewer. Same name then but different owner.
5	We had to drive quite a bit to see this watch guru, but the reviews on Yelp forced us to make the trip.  This kind man replaced 4 batteries in our watches, and didn't charge us for a repair in one of the watch bands.  But most importantly, he told us something about a Rolex watch my husband bought a LONG time ago that needs to get repaired. We had checked with another "jeweler" and they said our watch was fake. My husband was totally pissed.  This watch guru, as we now affectionately call him told my husband, no way sir, this watch is 100% real, told my husband what was wrong with it and offered to buy it from him for huge money.  he turned it down, its going to our son one day, but we were so relieved that what we thought was true, it is real and he didn't get ripped off.  Luckily he never though of getting rid of it before!  We are going back next week, I have 2 more watches I'd like him to take a look at!  and p.s ...yup all cash, no plastic.
5	I ordered a really awesome Nixon watch on ebay and was really excited to get it. When I opened it and went to put it on, the band fell apart. I fooled with it for a good hour trying to put it back together and finally gave in to finding someone to repair it. I had no idea where to go, so of course found this place on Yelp! The guy is super friendly and has very reasonable prices. He had my watch fixed in about 45 second, sure beats my hour struggle!
5	My experience was exactly what I needed.Cash only, while I waited, professional watch battery replacement.:5$Replacement band - installed: 10$
5	Exactly what I needed to get my watches back online. Service was while I waited and prices were more than fair
5	Took a bunch of watches here today to get repaired and new batteries. The owner gave me excellent service for a great price. I left very happy and will be back again!
5	Pretty much what everyone else here said (which is why I went).. Fast, affordable, thorough, friendly.. what more can you ask for? Definitely will recommend for anyone looking for watch repair or just a simple battery change.
5	Fast, affordable.  Eddie is a really good and honest guy;  he will tell you as it is, and I appreciate that.Be sure to bring exact change in cash, and in small bills.There was a long line of dudes selling jewelry to him.  I wonder where he sells those, because it doesn't look quite like what is being sold at the watch store, so he may have a nice store where girls like me can buy our shiny toys.  Tell us where, Eddie!
5	The best. Hands down. Cash ONLY.Pros:-Owner is very experienced, knows his stuff. He fixed the clasp on one watch in under 5 mins and cleaned it for me. Replaced the battery in another and polished it for me too :-)-VERY reasonable prices.-Honest. I haven't found anyone like him in CA, and I'm super picky.Cons:-None. Verdict:He is the only person I will have service my timepieces from now on. He is extremely knowledgable.
5	This is the greatest watch repair shop I have ever been to in my entire life. Have had the same Rolex watch since high school. The watch and I have been to repair shops in Houston, Dallas, and Atlanta. When I arrived at the shop, it was closed. They weren't open that day. However, the owner was there and so he agreed to look at my watches. Already, a great customer service experience. He fixed a digital watch, had me set it, and before I could even finish he was done with the clasp on my Rolex. There was no charge on the Rolex. Really? It's my favorite watch; I would have paid anything. This guy is fast, honest, and affordable.
1	I tried. I really did. I really wanted this to be "my watch guy" for repair and servicing.After reading all of the amazing reviews about 'The Watch Repair Company' I decided to bring in a few of my old watches with the hope of giving them new life. I brought in older Seiko chronograph that needed a battery, cleaning, and some scratches buffed out. I also brought my Skagen World GMT watch that needed a crown replacement, battery, and cleaning along with my Vostok-Europe Anchar that needed the rotating bezel pin replaced or fixed (to keep the bezel from falling off).I was certain this was going to be the beginning of a wonderful business relationship. After all, the owner is Russian, one of my watches is Russian, and I even spent some time in Russia, so I knew a little about Russian watches and culture. Gosh this would be great I thought. Boy was I wrong. Strike One: After dropping off the Seiko and Skagen for what I thought would be a pretty quick fix and clean up (the owner tells me this), I get a call a week later stating that the Seiko is ready but he would need more time to fix the crown on the Skagen. "Ok, sure. Let me know when it is ready." No worries right? I'm not in THAT desperate of a rush to get the watches back. I can wait. About five days after that, he calls me to inform me that the Skagen is ready with the Seiko for pickup. "Bring cash, I don't take Visa."Sure. No problem. His business, his rules. I get it. Well, I pick up the Seiko and Skagen to see that yes, they are fixed, but he did not clean or polish them AT ALL and they were both really dirty still. "Maybe he just got busy and forgot?" Anyway, while I'm waiting to pick them up there were also several other people (shady looking folks selling gold, and selling it FAST) making deals with him so I felt like mentioning it my "cleaning problem" would not have not warranted a good response at that moment. So I figured I would mention it another time, or just clean them myself as I am more than capable. No biggie. Strike two: A few days later I I decide to give him another go as he mentioned to me that he was an expert in Russian watches. So in good faith (once again) I bring him my Vostok-Europe Anchar, and ask him to fix the bezel. he gives me a "range" for a price and so I drop it off. He wasn't sure if he had the parts and said he may have to send it "to a friend" to get it fixed. "Ok. Just let me know when it's ready". A couple days later he calls me to tell me that maybe I need to call the distributer (only a couple in the U.S) and have the parts paid for, and shipped out here so he can fix it. So to recap, a Russian watch "expert" who is now asking me to do the leg work and get the parts needed to repair the watch. Hmmm. At this point I decide not to invest any more time into this, as I can now see where this whole thing is going. I decline politely opting to send the watch to RI for repair instead.  Strike three: A few days after the Vostok fiasco I somehow rationalize with myself that the reason he couldn't fix it was because of the rarity of the watch itself and that i should just stick to "easier" repairs for him. "Man, I'm trying so hard to give this guy my business it is unreal" -This what I was thinking at this point. I give him a call and ask about crystal replacement for my Skagen. Why not? Surely he's got this under control right? "Yes, bring it in. I replace with same crystal, $30.00 cash". "Great. See you Thursday"! Not so great when I visit him though. He takes one look at it and tells me he cannot fix it because the crystal is "too big". Mind you, he had an extensive amount of time with this watch (I presume) because he had it for close to two weeks when he repaired it the first time. Ugh. Here is the deal. I am patience to my own detriment sometimes, I am aware of this. Therefore sometimes I get treated a little poorer by businesses that think I won't do or say anything. I get it. But I really wanted this to by "my watch guy" and I was trying so hard to give him my business even after he fell through twice on his end. What else could I do? Here is my actual evaluation of his operation:Got a quartz watch in need of battery? See this guy. Got ANYTHING of value that you want back in a specific time frame? Go to an AD. Got a watch over $100 with repairs needed? Go to another shop or send it off to an AD or highly recommended place. Got gold for sell? See this guy for quick cash (it seemed like a popular choice when I was there). Sorry, I tried. Guess I'll have to take my business elsewhere. One other quick note. The whole "desperate people selling gold and ONLY dealing in cash" made me think that this guy's operation of watch repair may be a front for his other dealings. Not saying I care, just saying it came across like that to me as I was waiting for my watches.
5	I'd stopped in and purchased a couple of watch bands, and happened to be meeting my wife next door today, so I stopped in for a band adjustment on a new watch that she'd given me.I arrived a few minutes after 5:30 (when he closes), but despite this, he reopened the shop, and adjusted the band for me.Best part?  Since I'd stopped in before, Eddie wouldn't even accept payment for this.
5	I've lived in the area for 9 years and have paid $100's of dollars numerous times for batteries, gold chain repair, crystal on watches, ring re-sizing,etc. I've been a Fast Fix customer for the duration- not because they are reasonable, -NOT. Never again.  I've been to see Eddie ( professional and very likable) 3 times in the last month, total of:        6 batteries ($5 each) Fast Fix, your choice $21 or $29!, ~installed less than 3 min each~        New crystal on a Bulova Men's watch & Mickey Mouse Watch ($25 each crystal- band repair - no charge) Fast Fix quote for crystal and repair band $125.          Gold ring re-sized 7 to 8.5 and gold chain repair- $50 - Fast Fix $150. It was returned in brand new excellent condition shinny polished condition!        I've also taken in a very old antique pocket watch, in which he said, due to the old mechanics of it, and setting device- I couldn't be repaired.  Upfront and honest.     When he keeps the jewelry to repair, his $ estimate and time promised is accurate.     Cash only.  Eddie is a busy man, and his clients seem to all value and trust his work ethics.       You won a life customer, Eddie, well at least you and I both live in the area!  Thank you for restoring my trust in jewelry repair/dealers!
5	Came in to get my a Fossil watch repaired that belonged to my uncle.  The store owner/watchmaker was very friendly and let me in even though it was 5 minutes to closing time. He took one look at my watch, saw that it was ill-fitting, and proceeded to work his magic. We made pleasant conversation for about fifteen minutes as he adjusted, shined, and set my watch to the proper time. And the best part - he only charged me $5! I offered him $10 for being so thorough and for staying open last his posted hours but he wouldn't accept it. Don't let the pawn shop style sketchness fool you - this is one hole-in-the-wall worth visiting.
5	Service was excellent. Very friendly, great price, and fast. The watch repair man educated me on my watch and how I should care for it in the future. I am glad that I travelled the extra distance to this store. Overall EXCELLENT transaction!
5	Eddie, the owner is a great guy. He is fast, affordable and one of the best at what he does! I truly recommend him for jewelry and watch repair. He is also funny, friendly, and personable.
3	Ok, so I only went in with very minor fixes (link removal and battery).  I turned to yelp for reviews, and this place is literally 5 minutes away from me.  The guy is nice enough, and it wasn't busy.  Inexpensive, just as others had posted-$5 battery (great price) and $5 for link removal (meh..)Before you go: have cash.  He takes cash only!
5	Excellent service and reasonable prices.  The staff is very friendly and personable.  I love finding smaller stores that do it right!  They could teach bigger stores a thing or two.  I would highly recommend this business!
5	Eddie replaces batteries within 5 min, for $5. Can you beat that? He does an efficient, reliable job, and gave me good tips about my watch. This place is the perfect "local" watch repair location I was hoping for!
5	Eddie is great!!! He resized two of my watches as I waited, only $10 and ever took the time to polish and shine them up. Took less than 20 minutes. Remember, it's cash only. Great service!
5	I was tempted to ship my skagen watch out for band repair. But I'm so glad I found this local shop instead! He graciously and quickly repaired my band so it was comfortable to wear again. I haven't worn it in 2 months and it was driving me crazy. I haven't found a jewelry & watch repair shop since moving here. But this is now my go-to shop! I will be back for sure. Also, my kids enjoyed the fish tank while he made the quick repair. Thanks!!
5	*Cash Only*$5 for link removal! I was in and out of this place in literally 2 minutes! Trust me, I timed it on my new chronograph watch I was getting sized.I Yelped watch repair places in my local area, and found some options closer to me. However, this place has 4.5 stars, and it held true to its rating. I will be bringing all of my future online watch purchases to this place to be sized.
5	Replaced my watch battery and fixed the inside of another watch for $5 a piece. Super cheap considering the ones in the mall quoted me like $25+ to replace one battery. I was so impressed at how quick & nice the gentlemen was who works there.  He even added a diamond stud that had fallen out for free, so sweet.
5	Needed links removed from new watch. Did it in under 2 minutes for only $5. Outstanding.
5	$5, 5 minutes to replace my watch battery. It's cash only, FYI to you credit slaves. Will be taking the rest of my non functioning watches here.'Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time'
5	AMAZING! He fixed 5 watches in 5 minutes! Owner was so sweet! Best watch repair guy a girl with tons of betsey Johnson and juicy couture watches could hope for!!!!!!
5	Here in Az for a wedding and myDress watch needed a new battery. Found this place on yelp and all reviews were 100% accurate. The owner was fast andVery very nice. I would recommend this place to anyone. He even sells nice affordable watches.
5	Well, Yelp certainly didn't disappoint this go around. I was hoping a flight Monday morning into Phoenix and noticed on the way to the airport the watch I'd strapped on had a dead battery. Being that it was a fairly nice Tissot, I was a little concerned about taking it to a mall jewelry or watch place. After seeing the reviews here, I decided to give Eddie a try. I was literally in and out in 5 minutes. Walked in and he wasn't busy, showed him the watch and he got to work. 3 min later he was all done and handed it back to me. I gave him the $5 CASH and thanked him for his services. Def an unassuming storefront and a place I likely would've never wandered into, but the guy knows his stuff. For the record, I checked the back of my casing and there isn't even a single scratch or any way to tell he'd popped open the back and had done it so quickly.
5	Replaced battery in my Tag watch for $5.  Done in a couple of minutes. Had battery replaced a couple years ago at the mall for $65.  Nice guy too.
5	Amazing and FAST!!!! I loved it, it cost me $25 to get 4 watches fixed. Links taken out and batteries replaced. He was really fast and did great work.
5	Cash only - The owner is so helpful, very honest and fast. Needed to fix the metal bracelet of my husband's watch, which broke suddenly. He fixed it in 10 minutes for 10 dollars. (Considering how it broke, I was a little anxious on where to go and how much it would cost!!) Very happy to have found this place, thanks to Yelp. He adjusts rings too. I recommend this place to all my family, friends and Yelpers!
5	Thank you Yelp for pointing me this way. My brother needed his watch strap fixed, I needed a dead watch revived. Nurel came to the rescue. As advertised by other Yelp peeps this is a cash and carry joint.Don't misplace your receipt like I did. (It's somewhere in one of my purses. I swear.) There's no reason to make work harder for anyone. However, the incredibly polite owners worked with me to locate my item. (Phew!)In addition to fixing watches they offer some other services. One of my beloved rings lost a key feature: A pearl. When I mentioned the loss the owners recommended bringing it in. They could evaluate it for me and source a reasonably priced replacement. (I might just do that. I'm still in denial and will be spending some time looking for the the pearl at home.)It's easy to drive past this establishment. Slow down! (It's directly across the street from Nook.)
4	I'm a practical man, I used to go repair shops than to go to the mall and buy a new one. Good thing, yelp is always available to help me to find shops with most of good reviews and of course on the top of it "GOOD PRICE". :) And luckily I found one good, fast and cheap!
5	I had 8 watches that needed batteries. ....he was done in less than 10 minutes!  Great customer service and prices!  CASH ONLY!
4	A+
