1	My girlfriend was riding by herself. Without warning, the cab driver tried to grope her chest and solicited sexual favors. He did take her to her destination, but it was a harrowing experience. Royal Cab has the entire story, but they have not responded to this complaint at all.
1	Made a reservation the night before for a ride to the airport at 6:00AM. I was put on hold/ignored for about 15 minutes talking to dispatch while the cab arrived at 6:33AM, 33 minutes LATE to the reservation. When I started to ask why he was so late after I made the reservation the night before he proclaimed, "it is not my fault but I will stop and have you get out of my cab". Keep in mind it was SNOWING and 26 degrees outside. I was late to the airport and subsequently missed my flight due to arriving within the 45 minute "preboard". Now I understand that things happen, but call the customer and let them know you will be late and give them a discounted OR a free ride.Terrible service
2	The only beef that I really had with Royal Cab was the service, and maybe just the driver, Victor.  First, he calls me at 5:20PM when I had the concierge set it up so that broham shows up at 5:30PM.  Like, if I was ready before, don't you think I would just come downstairs?  #Strike1Then I had to load my own luggage into the cab because he said his back hurts. Okay, normally I'd let this slide (because I got some Hulk Hogan pythons, brotha) but to be honest, I was mildly upset from earlier and he had this look on his face that just yelled, "Tricked ya! "  So, I loaded it all myself. #Strike2And last but not least, we didn't even get to the airport and he's asking me how I want to pay.  Not cool, brah.  You're still driving, you're not there.  Sure it's a flat fee to CLT, but c'mon mang.  What made it even weirder was he asked me if I wanted to add any gratuity?  We're not at CLT yet, and I'm not feeling particularly gratuitous, but whatever, we still had about 10 minutes, so I just gave him standard tip amount. #Strike3 All easily remedied if Royal Cab implements some protocols to not have drivers call before unless running late, to just load the cab or don't pick up people going to the airport if you're "injured", and to charge customer after ride is complete.So, dear reader, we've learned:  (1) Victor, and by extension, Royal Cab sucks; and (2) Dan C thinks he's royal or high-class, when in truth, he's just a basic b!+c#.  dmo out.
2	In the ongoing saga of Dan C vs Royal Cab...took the cab when flying back to LA.  Forgot to tell concierge no Royal Cab this time. Three positives IMO, I got to pay at the end of the ride and not during. Dude put my bag in the cab, unlike previous driver. Minimal convo offered by dude, which I can appreciate, on some occasions. Bad part - It wasn't quite 8:15 but got the reminder that I was keeping the cab waiting apparently.   So I jammed downstairs...but then I had to wait for HIM to finish dropping the kids off at the pool. And no, I dont mean that there was some swim team in the can, Oops, "cab." Why you gonna rush me and then use the bathroom for 10 minutes?  Luckily I built in time before going to the airport or this cab driver's bowel movements would have been the cause of missing Thanksgiving.  These cab drivers trip me out. Well, it could be worse - Victor waiting for me... Im an idiot and should tell concierge no royalty for me pls.dmo out
