4	Sexy swimwear....not for the timid....My babe loves to stop in here when we are in Scottsdale.  They have a pretty good selection and have some cool accessories too.  (not for everyone)
3	Many thoughts come to mind now that I've experienced Triangles:  stripper, Halloween, swimwear, scandalousness...I'm torn between two and three stars.  On one hand, the place is staffed with apathetic, unenthusiastic teenagers.  I'd lack energy too if I worked in a disheveled shop for the naughty.  This is one of the only stores I know of that does not have a computer, or even a typical cash register. When it came to purchasing my thigh-highs, my order was written down on a carbon-copy notepad and summed by calculator.  No joke.Yet, there were more costumes and accessories than I've ever encountered.  Forget the Halloween store--this place has a much bigger selection of sexy costumes.  I must say that every costume looked like it had been previously worn...Anyways,  this place has everything conspicuous.  Need 8" platforms?  Pasties?  Maybe a glistening beaded bra?  Sexy schoolgirl outfit?  Triangles is the place to go. Plus, Triangles offers a nice selection of quality swimwear. I'll definitely come back when summer rolls around. Sorry guys, this isn't like Fascinations where you'll find accessories for your sex life; Triangles is exclusively women-oriented. I prefer it this way--I can't tell you how awkward it is to make eye contact with the curious male while browsing skimpy lingerie.
4	I love stopping by to check out their bikinis when I'm in Arizona. They have sexy swimwear by name brands such as L Space, Sauvage, and Vix as well as no name super sexy bikinis that are unique to this store or at least they don't carry them in California. They also have a good variety of lingerie and stripper shoes being that there is a strip club right next door LOL. I own 2 bikinis from here and always get compliment on them. Vegas style bikinis, not what you would find in a department store so if you are looking for a hot bikini this is the place to go.
5	They have the best bathing suits here! The best brands that have great quality are found here! The staff is friendly and suggest great styles that make me look gooooood! Thanks Triangles.
5	My bikini didn't fit anymore...I'd brought it anyway but then realized that I should really just give in and replace it.  So you'd think in a city as hot as Scottsdale they'd have bathing suits year round in some of the local department stores...nope!  We tried Walmart, Target, and a few others.I found either the swim suits were on clearance in random sizes, or their sizing was based on S, M, L, XL, etc.  Sadly when you're my shape/size you need straps for a size M with a cup for XL that actually does more than cover the bare minimum...because you tend to fall out of them... It can be actually quite annoying.  Then I made an alternate suggestion I hadn't been sure about at first...based on a map that my mother had acquired last February I suggested, at the point of almost giving up altogether, that we try the place advertised on the bottom left of the map - a bikini shop called Triangles.Now, for anyone who's gone bikini shopping, it's not normally something you do with the entire family...or even half of it...we ended up going into the shop not just mom and I (for advice), but my boyfriend, and my father as well!  Talk about awkward...anyway the lady in the shop was amazing!  She immediately started talking chest diameter and cup size before I even asked and I was immediately sold...at that point I didn't care about pricetags I just knew I had found someone who knew their shit when it came to bikinis fitting properly!I tried on a few styles, trying to rush because my dad was grumpy and wanted to get back to the hotel, and we still had to stop in Old Town...settled on a lovely turquoise set, and then popped back out of the changing room.  While i'd been changing she mentioned that she would check the sale rack as well for my size and see what she would come up with.  Lo and behold she found the same style I'd settled on, also in turquoise but more to the green side of the colour than the blue of the original, and it fit just as beautifully.The next afternoon I got a chance to try it on, after golf and before dinner, at the hotel pool.  Amazing!  I am thoroughly pleased with my purchase, the service, and the price.  It fit just right and if i want to match up the bikini with a shortset I will definitely go back next time I'm in Scottsdale!  I would give that little shop my business again for sure!
5	Needed a new bikini and wanted something fun and that you wouldn't find in a department store necessarily.  I went to Triangles.  They have so many different styles tops and bottoms and they are interchangeable so you can pick one type of bottom that looks and feels good and a completely different style top.  My issue was I need a large top and small bottoms.  After trying all sorts of styles on with the excellent help of the associate (I'm so sorry I can't remember her name) but I found what I wanted.  I wore it and felt good in it.  You can buy a sexy bikini and not feel totally uncomfortable in it.  I recommend this place for their selection and their staff.
5	This place is AWESOME!!After a long day of shopping to no avail, I finally stopped at Triangles.  This place is not for strippers as I have seen mentioned.  It is THE BEST place to shop for a swim suit in the valley.  Especially if you are a large busted women with sizes DDD-GG!!The sales girl, Elaine, if I remember correctly, was so helpful!!  She brought me everything, and I just had to try them all on!!  I have very large breasts size DDD or E, and their suits fit great!!  The cost was so great as well.  I was able to score 2 tops and a bottom plus another suit which was on sale to mix and match with the others for the same price as 1 suit from the other stores I had been to.  I could not have been happier!!  What a score!!I was headed to Maui and couldn't wait longer, but I understand they were expecting a delivery from another line which carries large size tops as well.  They said it was even better!!  Even more selection of DDD size tops??!!  I need to go back!I ended up wearing all three tops and two bottoms in every sort of combination in Maui and it was so awesome!!  I was totally comfortable and relaxed because I wasn't worried about my suit which is usually the case.Thank you Triangles!!
4	I hate shopping for swim suits! I can never find anything I really LOVE! I usually order my swim suits online, but I needed something new and quick for my bday party! I am happy to say that I went to Triangles and was able to find a really cute swim suit for a decent price! I spent a good hour searching for the best match and ended up finding something I was ok with. Once I asked staff if they had different bottoms, she informed me they could send them off to be scrunched for only $10 more and would be back within a few days! After I found that out I was really happy with my purchase, it was exactly what I wanted. I love that I was able to send my bottoms off to get "scrunched" and they had them back in the store ready for me to pick up in only 3 days! It worked out perfectly! Great selection, nice staff, good prices and great customer service! Thanks for the new suit! Loving it! :)
