4	The employees are extremely helpfull and friendly.  The store is organized and easy to find items.  Prices seemed to be on par with other stores with similar stuff.  One of the door greaters asked if I was looking for something and instead of pointing or telling me where it was, he walked me back and showed me on the shelf.
3	Normal place... prices are so-so compared to Dicks. Better if you have a 20% off coupon that comes onces or twice a year. That is about the only time I buy stuff here, if I need something. Otherwise, much better deals can be had online
4	The staff is helpful and if they don't know something they will get the person that does.  Kudos to manager (Jonathan?) who was very helpful and informative with the questions I had regarding bikes.
4	I love Sports Authority. They have pretty much everything you can think of here sports related. You have to make sure you sign up for the League which is a loyalty program that gets you money back. They always send coupons in the mail so you can almost always get a discount here. They staff is friendly and helpful. I always have a good experience here.
4	I've probably shopped here 10 times in the last 2 years and have always had great service and I really enjoy the selection of women's running and beer-drinking, uh....I mean, yoga clothes.  If I have a return or exchange it's always been taken care of quickly and with a smile.  No complaints.
1	I've had consistently bad experiences here, most recently being with a manager named Kelly.She is snotty and rude.. Extremely rude to my family
1	I visited customer service today looking for help with re-inflating the fitness ball I purchased about a year ago. The hand pump that came with the ball no longer worked, though it had only been used for the initial inflation. The young woman at the front desk tried to inflate it and failed. She said, "I don't know what to tell you." She did suggest I buy a whole new ball.I asked if they had any hand pumps I could purchase and was told no. I asked if they had any inflation equipment in the back that could be used to re-inflate my ball so I could use it today. I was told no. I asked if they could take a hand pump out of another ball, inflate mine and put it back in. Nope, can't do that either.I went next door to Target, where I explained my problem. A customer service rep came back with their brand of fitness balls, opened the box, took out the pump, inflated my ball, and put the pump back in the box. It took about 30 seconds. I think I won't be looking for any more items or service from Sports Authority. I don't need to deal with snotty and quite unhelpful employees.
