1	PROTIP: Never talk down to customers, you don't know if they Yelp. =)Recently, a friend and I made a stop here to purchase a modest amount of alcohol. Business as usual--until we were forced to wait at checkout for about five minutes. After losing my patience, I observed what was happening. The cashier had taken our IDs to two other clerks, who inspected them thoroughly. Keep in mind that my card is genuine, valid, and with a small amount of wear. The lamination is intact, and all information is legible.It is good enough for dozens of bars, liquor stores (including chains such as Total Wine), and every other grocery store I have been to...so why such scrutiny now? Our clueless clerk, who seemed just a bit too eager and upbeat to address or inconvenience, was more than happy to answer with a smile."Okay, we were concerned about these IDs being fake", she explained, citing an incident from earlier that day. "We had to decide whether or not to accept these". Her concern felt rather malevolent. As she reluctantly allowed me to finish my transaction, she had some final words as I took my receipt."ESPECIALLY yours. We almost denied it. You really need a new one."Had I not been with friends and had places to be, I would have asked to speak with a manager about such disappointing customer service. Clearly, they were the mistaken ones in regard to the validity of my ID. Would it not make sense to...apologize for being wrong and holding me up? At the very least, she could have briefly explained their policy on verifying age. Otherwise, it feels very accusatory and arbitrary. Minus one star for the hold up, one for having a meager selection compared to other Fry's, and minus infinity stars for condescending clerks that try to lecture me. I'll try my best to avoid this location.
3	Clean store. Self checkout is a plus. Pharmacy used to be 24 hours, when they got rid of that feature I started visiting the store closer to me. They also have had trouble having my meds in stock. The fried chicken is a guilty pleasure.
4	This place has been my store for almost 7 years on and off and I love it. All of the employees are really nice and super helpful. I was extremely lost after the remodel and employees would actually walk with me and explain how they were lost too. I've been going for so long that the employees know me and it makes me feel special.  It's really clean and red box is a plus. Also they are putting in a gas station which is so awesome!! I can't wait till it's open and I don't have to drive far to get gas anymore.
