3	I have been to this location three times. The first time, I was standing at the counter for a good 10 minutes before anyone came to the register. During a lunch rush or something, I could totally see 10 minutes being reasonable, but there were exactly 2 other people in the dining area besides myself (my fiance, and a young man studying in the corner). When the employee DID finally come to take my order, she seemed annoyed. I put it off as her having a bad day and didn't think anything of it. The second time I was there, I was there with my fiance and daughter. There were only a handful of people sitting in the dining area, an employee with a broom being one of them. The last time I was there, it was near dead... it was about 9:30PM-10:00PM, my fiance and I stood at the counter for only about 5 mins, but the man who took our order was rude, and there were 2 other employees that were too busy flirting to do their job. When I got my burrito, it wasn't wrapped properly resulting in it leaking out all over the wraper it was in. I took a spoon and put the contents of my burrito back in the tortilla and ate it. On top of that, with a near empty dining area, there is no reason for the lids, straws and napkins not to be stocked up. There were only a couple (broken) lids and NO straws. The ONLY reason I didn't go to the employees and give them a piece of my mind was because my daughter was starting to get cranky and wanted to get home and go to sleep. I understand that the employees just so happen to be real people, but as an employee you're supposed to keep your personal stuff, and your attitude AT HOME. The employees at this location are very unprofessional and I am thinking very seriously of not choosing Del Taco for a while because of it.On the bright side, the dining area was very clean and neat.
4	Let me start off by saying that when I review my visits, I always rate the location based on my experience at that very moment.  It could be the most common restaurant chain ever, but ends up getting 4 or 5 stars from me.  That's because my my experience and my satisfaction was a 4 or 5 star at that very moment in my visit.  I wanted to preface this review since I will be giving them a great rating.  I literally find myself going to Del Taco after every drunken night.  When I visit this drive through, there's only one thing I get and only one thing I will ever get.  That is the soft chicken tacos for only $1 dollar!  I usually get 3 and that does the trick.  This taco is packed with lettuce, tomatoes, cheese and the most flavorful chunks of grilled chicken.  Top it off with their mild taco sauce and I got the best taco fix at 4am!Being that this drive through is a block away from my apartment, I KNOW I will continue coming back to get my soft chicken taco fix.  If you haven't tried it yet, you are definitely missing out.  What are you waiting for?  Log out of your computer now and get your butt down there!
3	I usually order the crispy chicken ranch taco, which im always satisfied with.. but tonight, I wanted to tried something different... ordered the crispy shrimp taco and it was alright. This was my second time having it and I felt like it tasted better the first time. There was more lettuce and pico de gallo in it this time and I barely tasted the shrimp. The churro I ordered could've been better. A little too hard for me. Other than that , its always a plus that theyre open late at night!
1	So I order a taco salad and there were nats in it.  Is that not some kinda health code violation? I was so grossed out I instantly got sick and threw it away. Maybe it was my fault for trying to eat at a place of boulder highway. My usual experiences at del taco is good and so is the food, but because of the experience I will think twice before  going back.
