5	Ohh, Las Vegas. "Kid-friendly" doesn't generally come to mind when you think of Sin City, but clearly that moniker was developed before the brand new My Gym Children's Fitness Center  came to town! The new gym is in Henderson near Whole Foods...(The old one, btw, is closed and this new one is under different ownership/management!)The facility itself is so fresh and so clean... My young daughter can run around barefoot and not walk away with black soles on her feet or grime on her hands, and it's the only children's facility I've been where they use only organic, natural products to clean their equipment (and it doesn't smell hippy dippy). In addition to a safe, clean place to play, the program is FANTASTIC. The teachers, Jeremy and Ben, pack so much into an hour...! It's definitely not a free-play sort of place (you should expect to do everything with your child if they're under 3), but I wouldn't *want* it to be; we love singing and dancing together at circle time, trying out the different tumbling skills, and climbing together on equipment together. I feel like a little kid again, haha.Best of all, they offer free trial classes. I definitely plan on coming back with a friend or two so we can take class together. :)
5	I've been bringing my son here for a while now and I don't think I could say enough about this place. My son is 6, and he takes karate lessons here. They offer a wide range of programs from kids exercise classes to gymnastics and a whole lot in between. The instructor, Mr. Ben, is so patient with the kids and you can tell he really cares about everyone he is teaching. They even have a monthly ''parents night out'' where your child (or children) can play and have fun, while you slip away and play for a few hours! The place is always clean, all the equipment is in good shape and everyone always seems to be enjoying themselves. Great place to take the kiddos!
5	I love this place! I can't say enough good things about it. My son takes karate classes here and we love Mr. Ben because he is firm but in a loving way. The great thing about it is if you miss a class they keep track and you can make it up at another time slot that works for you. If you get a chance check out a free trial class and I'm sure you're child will love it as much as ours does.
5	Yay, I am a fan is right.Jeremy is very good with the kids. We have only used this location for Parent's Night out which is a service where you can drop off your kids for 3 1/2 hours on a Friday night. On our fist visit to the place, you could clearly see that they are very involved with the children there and actually interact with them. It is not a drop your kids off and we just let them around aimlessly. The place is clean and they often change the setup of room so that it is not the same for the kids every visit.
5	Amazing teachers best parties and experience like nothing I experienced a must must kids
