4	Caps occupies the building I had my first Mexican Food in Phoenix. It use to be called TJ Hannigans. We went there every Friday for years. Fast forward 24 years... This is still a local bar where most of the people know each other. The bar side is basic with all the necessary equipment. The dining room has gone through a little make over but would not be a place to go to impress someone. It is clean and comfortable. The service can be slow but they are usually more then nice and really do a great job. I have had the Pizza, wings and burgers. All three are excellent. The Pizza has a good crust and great flavor. (traditional style crust)The wings are really good grilled. The burgers are fresh beef, hand pattied, 1/2lb or 1/3lb. Cooked on open flame and made to order. Frys are thick cut. The prices are just right for the atmosphere and low for the quality of food.
3	Totally bummed about the last visit. The waitress seemed hurried but I know it is her style. Forgave youThe burger was not fresh but seemed frozen. Not forgivenThe burger was not med rare as requested but darn near well. Not ForgivenThe slaw on the burger was better then I could imagine but maybe it is because the burger needed something to help it. Please do not let me down next time. I need a good burger joint close to home/work.
3	3.5 starsI like the decorWas impressed when the server asked how I want my burger done (med rare), yet dissapointed when my burger came out well done (but kinda expected it too anyway) so i really didnt mind, and happily munched away on it. Their pizza oven wasnt working  I didnt mind bc i had been craving a burger anyway, but then the side I chose was potato salad, and they didnt have that either :( no biggie tho.The bar was full of what must be thier regular mid-day happy/hour customers, an older working class crowd that must work in the buildings around CAPS. We had hoped to sit up at the bar, but they had it all on lock down, so we scored a high  rise table insteadservice was good, they checked on us often, and we had a pitcher or beer at a reasonable price.Id go back again. Id like to try thier pizza, when the oven is working of course ;)
4	The place was clean, the wait staff attentive and the food was good. I tried the pizza, it was a small personal sized thing with plenty of toppings and cheese. It totally hit the spot. The price was great too. I think it was less then $5. The captain and coke was poured perfectly and complimented my pizza! LOL3.5 stars
5	This place is fantastic for a sports bar dinner.  I come in and sit down. I'm greeted promptly. Then they arrive very fast with my drink order. The food is great. Dinner specials are second to none. I can't  get enough of their prime rib special. For less than eleven bucks, you can't go wrong. They're appetizers are also tasty. I prefer the clam strips. They're bigger than most places and juicy. Did I mention they have cheap beer?  Something like $3 a bottle... for imports, and quite a selection of imports. Overall, this place is cool for a quick bite or meal and an inexpensive beer.
1	Used to go here a few years ago when it had a different name and the food was very good and drinks were cheap. Went here bout a month ago with my girlfriend and it was veryyyyyy bad. It was around happy hour and the bar itself was packed,. wee wanted to play pool, so we hung out in the front of the restaurant area. It took at least 10 minutes for the server to get to us, as she was very busy talking with the regulars. When she showed up, she asked quickly for our drink order and left before we could get menus. It took another 10-15 minutes for her to bring our drinks and then 5 + minutes for her to get back with menus. We waited 30 minutes for a burger and  a Philly cheese steak. My burger was WELL DONE instead of med rare to rare and my dates Philly was really dry. Fries were cooked to death. Altogether, a strong  warning not to return........
5	Best. Ribs. Ever. Seriously, it's hard to find fall of the bone tasty ribs in Phoenix but somehow this is the place for them.  My server was Tonya and she was very attentive and kept our drinks refilled and checked on us throughout our meal.  The decor is simple but comfortable and overall has a great vibe to it.I can't wait to go back.
5	This is a great sports bar for drinks and food. I highly recommend it!
3	Good place for a drink - that's about it. Nothing exciting here - service was good - have never eaten here so - My wife and I stop in a few times a year on our nightly walk. We have not brought the kids - clean enough but, just doesn't have the family vibe.
4	There are basically 3 bars near my house.Out of those 3, this one has the best selection of brews, they introduced me to Deschutes Red Chair, and for that I cannot thank them enough.Its fairly basic bar food, When I go my husband and I spit the cajun wings and I get a club.  I've never been dissapointed with this at Caps.The service is friendly, and I think everyone at the bar knows one another, very cheers-esque.
5	16oz PBR - Happy hour $1.50. I'm going to partake in a few! New wall of TVs for all the MLB games as well as the upcoming college season. Check out the great selection of premium whiskey's, the owner is a bit of a cone-sure.
3	Wings are just okay. Nothing to really talk about, they were just there.Beers are CHEAP!!! a shock top is 1.50...what the deuce?? Yeah i will be back!
5	What a fun place.   Seems like a regular group for happy hour.   Drink prices are awesome, next time we'll try the wings.
4	It's cleaned up ALOT! Haven't been in years but just may go back!
4	Great, cheap dive bar!
3	Good beer prices.  Wings are good, but take a long time (especially if you want them grilled).   Service is less than impressive.   There's lack of organization.  They try to take the wrong food to the wrong table and there are no real assigned sections.  We recommend sitting at the bar.  That's where you will get better service.  Also, if you don't see a white cube parked in the lot, keep on driving.  The cube belongs to Bree, one of the bartenders.  She is the only real positIve thing about that place.  She is really nice and always smiling.  The other two bartenders/servers that we've seen are not all that.
2	I suppose it depends on what you get, maybe some meals are better here but my chicken sandwich was public school cafeteria level with a little bit more spice. I would have rather had McDonalds. The waitress also heavily exaggerated the portions. M wife got the appetizer sampler which was much smaller than advertised (it was okay but again I've had better) and we were told the Super Nacho plate was HUGE! It was decent I guess and probably the best of any of the dishes we had.Won't be returning anytime soon.
5	If you're looking for a quiet spot to get a beer and watch some sports, this is the place. My girlfriend and I found this place on yelp when looking for a close dive, and this is our new spot. The beer is cheap, food is good, and you have to have respect for an owner who goes out of his way to introduce himself and make you feel welcome. We will definitely be going here more for the friendly atmosphere and great prices. All this time I was trying to find a nice quiet spot with a pool table, I was mad that I didn't notice the pool table till we were leaving. Next time.
5	Great atmosphere!!  Management is great and food is delicious!!  Love that there is a juke box that is played throughout the restaurant rather than a radio station.
4	Lots of bars and restaurants do chicken wings but putting out the perfect wing that is another story.... I've been here a few times and absolutely loveeeeeee their wings! So this review is NOT about the bar or the other food they serve, it is solely based on  their wings. That being said the majority of their food is excellent and above average for "bar type food". I cannot find anything wrong with Caps. It is never too crowded or crazy, never too loud or dark, it is a  great spot for drinks, good food and socializing.Now back to their wings...I can't even think about this place without an insane craving for their wings.  They have the perfect wing. They just the right level of sauciness, at very reasonable prices. Plus he wings are usually prepared quickly, although any wait is well worth it. THE BEST OF THE BEST CHICKEN WINGS ON THE PLANET!!! Served piping hot, perfectly crispy on the outside and juicy in the inside.  The wings are amazing. Seriously if you want to try something that is out of this world get the wings the way you normally enjoy them and then ask to get them grilled. OMG!!!. You'll never have wings crispier or juicier than this. The wings are amongst the best I've had  and I've had wings across the country and just ask my wife, I can be very critical of wings. Caps wings are seriously addicting! delicious wings.FOOD: You can get your wings dry or soggy or even better get them grilled. Mouth wateringly delicious. Very very flavorful.   The texture of the wing is spot on.  PRICE: SERVICE: The staff is always nice & reasonably attentive.  AMBIENCE: Awesome neighborhood atmosphere CONCLUSION: Good size and the portions FANTASTIC wings! I am a wing guy, and VERY particular about my wings and these wings are GREAT!!!!!!
1	went into the restaurant part with my two young kids. waitress was nice and sweet. she was attentive and was really good with the kids. but that is about as good as it got. the portions were small. actually they were meager to be truthful about it. and I ordered some cottage cheese for my children wich was rancid and sour. the kids ordered off the kids menu. a 1 year old and a 3 year old. keep in mind the portions were so small  that I had to order a large basket of fries to just keep the lil ones happy.. my hamburger bun had mold on it.. I was so frustrated I just picked the mold off and ate  the burger wich was 11.99 and came with maybe a dozen fries.. what  a waste.. this place used to have large portions great food and reasonable prices.. I WILL NOT BE RETURNING..
4	Good, simple American food, excellent friendly staff, good atmosphere, fair prices.
1	Oh Caps. I used to love you! You upgraded your TV's and downgraded your service. Last year I loved going there for early football games with my family. We'd eat breakfast and watch football. Everyone was so accommodating, and friendly. They would put the game we wanted to see on next to the table we were sitting at. Food was great. Service excellent.This year, totally different story. Last week we went at dinner time for the NFL opening game. The service was horrible. They weren't even busy but our order was wrong, and we got over charged. We thought we'd try again this morning, and again were disappointed. They won't change the channels of the TV's, and they don't play every game. If they don't have your game on you are out of luck. Really a bummer because we used to love this place.
5	We get together with our good friends at least 3 times a month and we needed a new place to meet. After finding this location on the web we decided to check it out and Im so glad we did!! First off, we are all germophobs and the place was really clean. It wasnt crowded in the dining area so we were easily able to get a table, wait a booth, with no waiting. Our waitress was THEE best waitress I've ever had. Extremely attentive and very sweet.The beer prices were amazing and the wings were fabulous! We will never return to our old sports bar again!
4	I found this place on yelp and it had a good ratings. I just had to take my girlfriend to this place and see what it's about. Overall great food, good service and a filling dinner. I will be back for sure. My girlfriend also really enjoyed it.
3	I have frequented this establishment several times, its been a few different bars over the last decade the new one is very clean great service but the menu needs to get a little better the food does not stand out, get a BLT sandwich with microwave bacon just doesn't cut it. The pizza has always been good but the entire menu needs to be revamped. Great place to go have a drink though...
1	After reading the mostly good reviews, my wife and I packed the kids in the truck to try Caps.We should have stayed home.There was one other table seated that was finishing up their meal.  The server was good at first, offering me samples of a couple beers so I could choose one.  Things went downhill quick from here.Shortly after we ordered food, we were the only table seated in the dining room.  The wait for our food which consisted of chicken fingers, a burger (well done), and a dozen wings was nearly 30 minutes.  Wings were ok, about as good as the ones I make at home.  The chicken fingers - well you can't really mess them up without trying.  The burger was beyond well done and into the charcoal stage.  Why would you serve this burger to paying customers?Since the server didn't come back to check on us, my wife went to find her about the burger.  And find her she did - playing with her hair at the bar.  So much for food handling - I should have paid attention to the thumbs on the plate when my food was brought to the table.  At no time did my wife notice the server washing her hands after they were all in her hair.We ended up with half the family eating in the restaurant, and the other half of the family eating the wings that we took to go (they replaced the carbon burger).  The empty tables in Caps should have tipped me off, but I was hopeful.We left disappointed.
5	First timer here from Pittsburgh and this place was fantastic. The wings were some of the best I've ever had (Hot Ancho BBQ) & our waitress (Bri) we had was very friendly. Also, Dave (owner) seems like a dude who would love to smoke some beers with you after work. Very friendly owner! Good things all around. CAPS FTB!!
5	The wings were hot and spicy, the service was great, lots of draft brew to select from and well placed flat screens. If you are in the area it is worth stopping in.Hard to locate from the road so look for their sign
2	This place is fun to go shoot free pool and watch football and they have great pizza and wings! However the wings do not come with ranch, carrots and or celery unless you pay extra. I think it would be nice to have the option to get them free with original order of wings like any other place I get wings at.
4	Caps has been one of my favorite stops on the way home. On a recommendation I brought home a dozen grilled wings. Sauce or no sause, they were excellent! Check them out and let me know if you know of any better.
4	Great atmosphere, there sampler plate is fried to perfection, it does taste like they use the same frier for everything but it adds a good flavor. And they have great customer service. The wings are delicious try them grilled. I actually want to compare them to valley luna's grilled wing. The bathrooms are a little geto there is writing on the stall walls but appears to be very clean but is on sever need of seat covers.
4	Went to this bar last night with a group of friends; the place is larger than I expected. The service was okay and staff was friendly. The bar tender helped us to make a good beer choice by offering us several small samples to try. Everyone in my group found a beer they liked at fair prices. A few of us decided to get the wings; no one complained. Everyone agreed the wings were very tasty... one batch seemed a bit on the salty side to me but the beer helped with that. I'd certainly try this place again.
5	Haven't written in at Caps for years. And let me tell you these damn wings are just as good as they were the first time I checked in. Have them grilled and retossed with sauce. Out eeff'n standing. Stop by caps they even have 14 pull stations and "Union Jack" is soooo good.
5	Back in the flooded az. Floating on wings yet again. These damn wings are the best I have found in 10 states. And I try them everywhere I go. If you don't try them you are crazy. Than  you Caps for being my go to wing spot west of the Mississippi!
1	A friend recommended this place to me so I took my family there for dinner.  The place was clean and has a decent atmosphere.  My friend recommended the wings.  They were ok at best, and came with an extra charge for 4 carrot sticks and 1.5oz of ranch.  We ordered the Italian hoagie, a philly cheesesteak, a salad, and a pizza.  The Italian hoagie was described as "salami, ham, & pepperoni, with sauteed onions, tomato, & lettuce with provolone cheese.  The salami they use is nasty!  I think they buy the cheepest cotto salami they can.  There was plenty of the bad salami on there, but very little ham & pepperoni.  The sandwich was greasy, & tasted like cheap meat.  Why not use genoa or hard salami, & make 30 cents less on the sandwich, but sell 5 times more of them?  The philly sandwich was a 7 outta 10, not bad.  The small house salad was good, but room temp.  We added bacon to it bringing it up to $6 for a small salad with store bought ranch.  The pizza we ordered was thin crust.  The crust had potential to be great, but was under cooked.  (I've worked at pizza joints for 25 years). The pizza came out with missing toppings.  I left it alone and waited 10 mins for the the server to check on us.  I pointed out the mistake & she told me that they're computer system made it hard for them to ring in pizzas correctly.  She offered to take the pizza back, but I just said "bring me the missing toppings & I will add it to the pie.  After 15 mins later, there was no toppings brought to the table.  I flagged her down and asked about the toppings.  She said they would be right out.  Half of the pizza was missing meatballs & italian sausage.  She brought me a bowl of smashed up cold meatballs and dumped it on the pie.  I inquired about the Italian sausage.  She said it was smashed up with the meatballs.  It was not there.  I gave up on this place at this point.  It took 30 mins to get our tab.  I got charged for 7 toppings on a pizza that only had 3.5 toppings on.  The waitress did correct this.  I ate a slice of cold pizza with the wrong toppings on it for dinner & left angry.  I will never go back here again, nor will I recommend it to anyone.
4	We love coming here for a quick lunch.  Tanya is our favorite server, she takes such good care of all her customers. They have a good selection of food from pizza, sandwiches, appetizers, wings and more.
4	We love coming here for a quick lunch.  Tanya is our favorite server, she takes such good care of all her customers. They have a good selection of food from pizza, sandwiches, appetizers, wings and more.
4	Locals abound,l and  beer are cold. Tried the BBQ Beef sandwhich with Fries. Fairly decent, if a little bit greasy. Fries were mighty tasty. I'll be back again
5	Went here to watch the football games, had heard Vertu good things from friends. Very clean place, lots of tv's for watching games, full bar area as well as dining room. This place is my new favorite. It was not crowded at all, the owner is very involved and comes around to interact with the patrons. All of the food was excellent, and very reasonably priced. The bloody Mary I had was also one of the best I've had. The best thing about this place is the wings. They make all of the sauces in house, and you can mix flavors (hot and garlic mixed is superb) and they come either fried our grilled (tried both and I like the grilled the best, both are amazing though). Don't hesitate trying this place! It's awesome and will be my new place to go for football!
