2	Summary: horrible service, mediocre food. I came here because the restaurant I wanted to eat at for Japanese ramen, was closed between lunch and dinner. I was starving so I walked across the street to Sushi ste-Catherine, because I figured they would have ramen and the outside looked big and modern, unlike a hole in the wall or mom and pop shop. The restaurant had about 8 people inside and many open tables. I stood in the entrance and just sat down after waiting for a few mins because nobody acknowledged me. Finally someone came and gave me water and a menu. I realized the menu said all you can eat sushi and soda for $20 some dollars. I went up to the cashier and asked if I could just order 1 thing and she gave me an a-la-carte menu. Of course no one came to take my order until I had to stop someone waking by, and ordered spicy beef ramen and a Sapporo beer (they only had 2 selections of beer). My food came out really quick but it was soba, not ramen!!! I was so hungry, I ate it anyways, and didn't complain because I'm sure no one would of cared. As I ate and read a book I was surprised in the amount of people that came in to eat with such bad service. The 2 booths behind me kept complaining as well. The soba was okay. Normal flavors. Nothing to rave about. When I paid ($14), I gave the server a MasterCard and she looked at the card like she's never seen one before, and then told me they only take Canadian cards. Luckily I had cash. Not worth your time, trust me. There are so many better options on the same block.
1	Very bad service!!! We were thrown out by the manager and told us not come back anymore because we didnt gave them a good tip. How would you give them a good tip if they never smile at you, they don't know the good that they're serving to the customer and they're rude when getting your orders. Never go to this place. Grrrr!!!
1	If they could get zero stars, I would give them such a rating. When we walked in, it wasn't too busy, and the 'host' seemed both aloof and was hobbling about in a very careless fashion. They have two stations, one for sushi prep, and another for hot foods, yet all the seated patrons were receiving food one dish at a time at an excruciatingly slow pace. When our host finally seated us after we had awkwardly stood there (waiting to be seated) for ten minutes, once we sat down, after another ten minutes, the host brought us waters in what could be the filthiest glasses on record. After waiting another twenty minutes, the servers had still not come by, either to check up or to even take our order. One server came to the table next to us to fill up waters, but clearly couldn't be bothered to attend to our table (even though the place is pretty small). My normal policy is to wait at least ten minutes before getting someone's attention, and by this point, we had already been there over half an hour, without any service whatsoever. While I wanted to give this place a chance, the already lackluster experience motivated us to leave, and so we did. Of course, since no one had attended to us, no one could be bothered to notice that we were leaving. If other patrons' plates were any indicator, heaps of greasy food remained on their plates as they were leaving (please note that this restaurant charges you if you have food leftover on your plate). Glad we left then.
3	The service is really bad but the food is great. They forgot things that we ordered. I think its a bit too pricey.
1	Hilariously bad.  I signed up for yelp just to write this review.  They make you stand there for 15 minutes avoiding eye contact before finally sitting you.  This is my second time there,  and apparently it happens every time.  Then they strangely forget things in your order hoping you'll just get up and leave.  You're paying the same price no matter what so they don't care if you eat less.On my second trip near the end of my meal I ordered some salmon.  They apparently took my order but ignored it.  Then 15 minutes later after nothing I ordered something else because I was hungry.   Then  ten minutes later they came by to ask if I was done with the plates in front of me.  I said yes so they took everything away.  I was still waiting for 2 orders. One from 30 minutes ago.  We decided to wait  5 more minutes before leaving. They say all you can eat,  but if you wear out your welcome they will give you worse and worse service until you leave.
