4	Heading home, I made a quick stop here to pick up a McFlurry for dessert.  Service was prompt, the restaurant was clean, and about the only thing to diminish my enjoyment of the McFlurry was the woman talking on her cell phone at about 120 decibels.  After a few strategic glares from me, she took it outside.I generally don't stop at thisMcDonald's, but given the circumstances and the fact I was heading home, it made a good place to get dessert!And, there's free wifi.
1	I don't like giving bad reviews, but this is the WORST McDonalds EVER. This isn't a one time thing either, constant mistakes, wrong orders (and I'm not altering my order in any way)...seriously? How hard is it to just get it right?!!!
2	So when I checked in here, there was a wait at the drive thru and I was looking over reviews and I couldn't imagine a McDonald's being THAT bad. Well.. It was. No pickles on my burger, my drink had no ice and wasn't full, and the fries were lukewarm at best. Next time I'll be headed to the location on buffalo and flamingo.
2	They are getting better instead of everytime messing my order its almost everytime I go inside everytime now because if you go through the drive through theywil mess your order up....this lady a few days ago was so confident she got my order right she watched me go through my bag (like i did somethin wrong) and praised herself on gettin the order right but  YOU DIDNT!!! my onions were still wrong after "ya ya i got this" but you didnt cuz you were to busy with something else and not listening....I really believe everyone in this location severly puffs the ganga b4 work  cuz they can never get it! Not that i blame them BUT i still pay for it so GET IT TOGETHER!!!!
3	There's always a line when I go to this McDonalds. I usually go through drive-thru and service is normal, but wait time is LONG. I come here when I'm desperate and don't' know what else to eat.
3	Every time I go to this McDonald's I order my food, they give it to me, and then I eat it.
1	Pulled in. Said my order. The guy completely butchered it and treated me like I was a stupid idiot for ordering an iced latte! Screen showed wrong so I tried to correct him. No answer for a solid 4 min of sitting there. Then he rudely says are you going to pull up? From there... Didn't charge the right amount and was more concerned with talking about a party with this guy behind him. From there... I pull up (wrong order).... Ask for what I ordered and got the wrong thing again. Props to the girl at the second window apologizing and so on but still c'mon 1 freAking iced latte!!!
4	I watched this place as well as everything along durango by the park go up. i remember when it used to be a dirt lot. Great location. SUPER convenient when need a fast and quick bite. Chevron is right there attached as well. Out of the many years its been open, i've only had 1 issue and it was so long ago, i dont remember what happened. I just remember they gave me more food as an apology.. Haha. Drive thru usually pretty fast.
1	These people want us to raise min wage to 15 an hour when they can't get a simple order right and then argue about it ? You can't even do the basic essentials of a simple task. You put in the order and give the customer what they paid for. Not argue with them. This is why they won't raise your pay because you can't do your job right. You get paid what you put in.
