3	I bought some gummy worms here for $1.19. Nice. This Terrible Herbst has many things in their convenience store. Actually, they have a wide range of Monster Energy drink products-- more than most stores in Orange County. I was tight on cash so I had to fight the urge to buy a $4 can of 32 oz. of Monster Heavy Metal. Dang.
1	The name of this place pretty much sums up what the experience was like...I was driving home with some friends after a very good weekend in Vegas. We stopped for gas and I wanted to get something to drink for the 5 hour drive. I enter this mini mart (labeled "Terrible's Video Poker" lol) and the line is at least 20 people long. Okay, that's sort of understandable because everyone is driving home from Vegas.What wasn't understandable was how long it took the line to move and how many people were on duty while this long line was building up. There were FIVE people standing behind the counter. One was ringing up guests, one looked like she was training another, and two were just messing around. That's complete BS. 1) If it's busy, you can stop training someone and ring up a few customers. 2) If you aren't doing anything when you obviously should be doing something, then you are USELESS and you should be FIRED.Oh yea, the floor was nasty. Someone should really clean that ish up.
1	Been going to this spot for years now for little things like gas and road snacks and things. Once a year, since it's close and convenient I go here to do my smog check on the way to the dmv to renew registration. Usually the service is quick and efficient.... .....ahhh but on this day.... it was one FAIL after the other. First off, I pull up the truck to the right-most port where the smog machine is set-up. A guy in uniform walks RIGHT by me and proceeds to chat up the cute girl in the minivan behind me. Sorry for him, because she's my wife...and we're here to smog two cars. I noticed the name on the shirt was Shaun and made mental note to myself to consider a chat with the manager. Knowing the drill, I get out of the car and wait for a technician. No one comes. We go inside the small waiting room (keys in hand) and go right up to the counter where Shaun is dutifully doing something on the computer. Not one word of acknowledgement. not one hint of interest in the customer. focus shaun! focus! i look over at their feeble attempted install of a privacy filter and find out that our friend shaun is watching the countdown on a bid he has on ebay. still standing right there in front of him, he backs away and walks out. still without a word.  I start looking around to see if there are any numbers on the wall for customer service and much to my dismay i see the plaque on the wall that says: Shaun Cavanaugh, Manager. tisk tisk. this is gonna be called up to corporate. Another customer walks in and sits down to wait for his vehicle getting an oil change. I notice it's a Honda Element...and THEN I notice them filling it up with Valvoline 5W-20. Seriously? It's nearly 120 degrees outside and these guys are willfully filling up customer cars with 5W-20? For anyone who doesn't know oil, take heed and just know that in this kind of weather, 30 should be minimum!!!anyway, the only saving grace to this place was the smog technician who rung us out. he came in with a smile and was courteous and efficient. but for some reason, I can't remember his name. 1 STAR Terrible Herbst! FAIL.
3	This is way out of the way for me, but I happened to be killing some time and I drove down Dean Martin Drive from Twain to Blue Diamond Highway.  Since I still had time left before I needed to pick up my "fare," I stopped in here for gas.The only problem I had wasn't their fault.  The sun was so bright I couldn't see the numbers displayed on the screen.  I ended up pulling to a pump int he shade and everything was OK from then on.
1	Overpriced and disappointing. I will never go back. I arrived for an oil change and I had my own oil, so you can understand my surprise when they proceed to charge me $40.00 for an oil change.  $40.00! Oh but wait, I got a $2 credit for bringing my own oil. What a joke. Thankfully the staff was great, not $40 oil change great, but nice enough.
5	I went for the basic oil change a few weeks ago. I had a good experience and will return. They  completed my change within twenty minutes. That is good enough in my opinion. Thank you Terrible's!!
1	no .. no .. no..will not go here for auto service again. can't even put it to words how rude they were.
2	I hate them. They don't know how to turn off a maintenance light on a car newer then 1995. They told me I needed synthetic oil, I don't. Very unprofessional.
5	This is my go-to spot for my regular "lube job"  And we ALL need a good lube now and then, right?  I pull up, they get it done.  I usually have a coupon which makes it about 10 bucks less, AND sometimes I get a free Krispy Kreme donut to go with my coffee while I wait.  My favorite part is after the lube, I can wash my baby, every nook and cranny, inside and outside included in the price!  Joking aside...The staff are always friendly, and aren't trying to push or sell me on anything additional that I most probably don't need.  Although they always let me know what I am due for.  And whenever I head out of town or am unsure of my tire pressure I stop by and they check it for me.  I also love when they have deals around Christmas inside the attached gas station to buy a $25.00 GC and get another $10.00 GC free, which means I get a steal of a deal!
4	Not sure what other reviewers expect from an oil changers. They change oil. That's all. They don't reset dashboard idiot lights. The day of $25  oil changes are over. Remember people need a livable wage!! They do as expected for what they are. They could be seedier, but their name is not 15 minute oil changers. I think the other reviewers expect a bit too much from a non mechanical shop.
3	Just came in for a smog check. It's $19.95 regular price but with the coupon mailer it's $14.95. Can't really complain much about it. Simple service in and out and cheaper than jiffy smog definitely.
1	came in to do a smog since the regular place I go to is closed on Sundays. Was told that there will be 2cars a head of me so I decided to wait. Next thing it was 2more cars ahead of me. Yeah probably will never come back. No customer service at all. Not to mention that it took one of the guys litterraly 5mins to do an oil change. Hmmmmmm??
