5	Coffee.  That.  I.  Can.  Drink.  Black.Service - with a smile and efficiency.That about covers it!  :)
5	The next time you're craving for a unique way to have coffee, please come visit this place.
3	I tried Dutch Bros a few years ago and didn't like it at all.  I tried again today and thought it was pretty good.  Not great...good.  I still love my other coffee place but this was a pretty good substitute and the service was excellent!
4	I love Dutch Bros. I'm just going to say it. Staff here is very friendly with an enthusiastic attitude. I always get a frozen cocomo with some peppermint :)
5	I love this little place! I'm not huge on coffee so I've never actually had their coffee...but so far everything I've tried there has been delish! I've had a few of their frozen mocha/caramel drinks, ice teas, and smoothies. The strawberry smoothie was my fave! The best part about this place though is the service. They're always so kind and cheerful...and not in a cheesy "I have to be like this or I'll get fired way". They just seem like genuinely nice, happy people that want to leave you smiling too. They're extremely helpful and always have great suggestions.
5	For a recovering Starbucks addict, Dutch Bros. has everything that a Starbucks regular would experience, minus the having-to-be-a-regular thing. The staff is personable, friendly, and seems genuinely interested in how you are and what you're up to. It's like going over to a friend's house to have a cup of Joe without the awkward lulls in conversation. :) I would highly recommend driving through and picking up one of their seasonal drinks or, my favorite, the Iced Caramel Kicker. Delicious!
3	I ordered a frozen coffee and when I received it, it was runny and lacked flavor and was way over priced. I'll stay going to Starbucks!
2	Stopped by here one afternoon, about 1ish, for a small quick coffee on a weekday.  Coffee tasted singed and was so hot when it was served to me I am certain it was boiling just a moment previous.  For that disappointment I could have just waited for the boiling afternoon sludge at the bottom of the morning coffee pot at work and saved myself the cash.  Sheesh!
5	Excellent service! And delicious coffee...my favourite is : cold or hot white russian :)
5	They have a coffee that is different from the coffee i am use to. Nice little outdoor area and the service is super friendly.
2	The 1st thing I noticed about this place was the music.  Turned up to at least 60DB I could hardly hear the employee over the music - you'd think they were trying to cover up the sound of a lawnmower.  It took an extra 30 seconds to make sure my order was correct. I felt like I was deaf.  I would have asked to turn down the music - but the coffee came out quick and to my surprise was exactly how I ordered it.  It tasted good, and I will say I was impressed with DB as a company.  WOW that coffee woke me up with a JOLT.  I'd say 2x more caffeine than Starbucks and not as pretentious!  I will just have to find another DB on my route to work that isn't slapping me in the face with their elevator music.
3	The one on Greenfield is way better. I don't see the same people working here as much. One time, while going through the drive-thru, the barista charged me wrong, despite it being an advertised special and another barista told me about the special the day before. When I asked her to stamp my card she rolled her eyes at me. So, yeah, that was lame. Other than than one time (out of the dozen I've been), it's okay. I will stop here only if I can't make it to the other one.
5	This is the friendliest and fast place to get a drink.  I love their ducth blue rebels with flavor to mix.  Great emplopyees and great prices.  Ducth Bros is better than Starbucks
5	Fantastic service. Great coffee and smoothies! Took my Daughter here for her 11th birthday and they loaded her up with a bunch of free loot like stickers and candy and even comped her smoothie. The muffin tops are tasty, and im a new fan of the ER-911 blended coffee frap.Id drive by a dozen Starbucks to get to one Dutch Brothers.
5	Coffee is amazing! I love the Carmelizer frozen! Better than the Carmel Frap at Starbucks. Service is fast and super friendly!! Only problem is....I'm totally addicted! :)
4	I came here on a Saturday afternoon so we were able to pull right up to the window. I'm sure this location can get pretty busy on a weekday morning, but the direction of the drive-thru doesn't seem obnoxious and can probably accommodate a lot of cars. The staff was friendly and told us about some deals that they were having later in the week while I perused the menu board. For a coffee joint, there is a lot to choose from and for a drive-up, reading the board is obnoxious. I usually just go with my old standby iced coffee but thought I wanted to try something new. Luckily a line didn't form behind us.As the baristas were making our drinks, one let another know a drink to get ready for the car that was now behind us. That's pretty cool that they remember their regulars.I will def be back, but next time I might just go to the walk up until I have the menu memorized.
5	I can't believe I haven't given this place a shot before, I drive by it every day.  Great service, very friendly, and fasssst.  I will be coming back, I just need to get more familiar with their menu but I see that they have great choices.
4	It's coffee! er-911 just about made my heart explode. The service was awesome. I'll never go to Starbucks again. Dutch bros. have a new customer!
5	This place is amazing! Love the staff and the coffee is amazing. They always know my name and order. Large Quad iced or hot mocha and they always ask which one. I also like some of the other drinks like the carmilizer or the ER-911 which if you have a heart condition I would skip but if you like to feel alive I highly recommend!!
5	Absolutely fantastic service. Everyone is SUPER FRIENDLY no matter the time of day or day of the week. My wife and I stop by 3 to 4 times a week. I refer friends And family. I have been to that locations, but the service at this location is second to none.
4	On the multitude of suggestions from friends, I finally made it to Dutch Bros. to give it a try. The customer service was absolutely awesome! Quite a few cars were in line for the drive-thru. One of the staff made sure to come out and take orders ahead of time for those who were in this line. With less than a five minute wait, I was at the drive-thru window with my drink ready to go!The staff is very friendly!Although I'm a diehard fan of a different coffee chain, I would definitely stop-by Dutch Bros. from time-to-time.
5	I love the staff at this location! Always so friendly, and fast! I also love that they have coconut milk and sugar free options! This place is one of my favorite places to start out my day!
4	Good coffee, maybe a touch less expensive than Starbucks and better tasting.  Fast.  Friendly and hey, how can you go wrong with a chain owned by a guy who says "dude"
5	I had never been to one of these locations, although there were some in Tucson, where I lived previously. They blew me away with their awesome customer service. No matter how many times I come through, they are chipper, upbeat and energetic. My favorite is The Kicker (iced). It's a great and inexpensive blend to get me going for the day. I have no complaints. Fast, friendly and fun experience every time. So I want to say "Thank you!" to all the wonderful people working there, for making my experience a great one.
5	Totally awesome customer service!!!!  My fav is the caramelizer!!! I've been to several locations and all the staff are outgoing and very friendly!!! My home town location is on gilbert and mckellilps
5	My morning routine! Love this place, the staff and if course the coffee!! Live that Dutch Bro's are all drive through but seriously the staff are so fun and friendly it really helps start my day right!
5	Great vibe!!!! I love how happy the employees are at dutch brothers! You just feel happy even in the parking lot. When the line gets long the employees come out to take your drink order. My first time at one of these and they did a whip cream heart on my straw. How cool is that. Happy employees make great drinks. I look forward to trying everything they have to offer.
5	The Annihilator and the Kicker are the best drinks around! Service is quick, the music is upbeat, and the baristas are super friendly. You can never go wrong with Dutch Bros.
4	If you're really looking for a good kick in the but, try the ER 911. I'm amazed they can put in that much espresso and still have it taste wonderful!
4	The best coffee in the valley! They have great customer service but sometimes it holds up the line. If you are planning on stopping by in the morning give yourself a good 10 minutes to wait in line.
