1	You have to be pretty bad to be a cheap Americanized Chinese joint to have me write a bad review of you. My standards really aren't high. I just moved to Charlotte from out of state and this place was around the corner so I figured I'd check it out. Oops. I called in an order for pick-up for what I normally order when I have never been to a Chinese place before. The orange chicken, egg roll & crag rangoons. These are pretty much the most basic staples of Americanized chinese food and if you can't do these right, you probably shouldn't be in business. On the phone I was told 15 minutes. I got there 15 minutes later and paid and waited. It was about 10 to 15 minutes later that a child of one of the employees finally brought out my order. Here's a word of advice: Don't call yourself FAST Wok if you can't get the food out by the time you say it will be there. (There was maybe one or two other people there at the time; definitely not a full house).So I finally get home and the orange chicken is pretty much tasteless. No flavor, whatsoever. The meat was not of good quality either, so no. Just no. The crab rangoons were also of poor quality and almost tasteless. The only thing that was even adequate was the egg roll. I have only tried one one other Chinese place in the area yet, but suffice it to say, it was miles better than this place. Do yourself a favor, get some flavor and save some time, skip Fast Wok.
4	What's funny is i ordered the same menu items as the last reviewer plus the hot and sour soup.  But i opted for delivery. I received my order punctually and i enjoyed every bite. I have tried many restaurants  trying to find a good hot and sour soup. This is it! Use fresh button mushrooms and it would be even better! Crab rangoons were awesome and eggroll was definitely made by hand. Orange chicken was very good but prefer orange zest to be julienned  not large chunks. Overall, i loved it and happy to have a go to for good Chinese delivery now.And I'm a chef of 21 yrs.
4	Mixed in with the other items in my mail, I received an advertisement for several of the businesses in this strip mall. I noticed Fast Wok was among the businesses, had a delivery service, and was very close to my home. So . . . I decided to give it a try.What first impressed me about Fast Wok was its VERY WELL EXECUTED online ordering system. Intuitive and well-conceived, it even offered me the option of labelling each thing I ordered for the person who wanted it.So far, I've ordered from Fast Wok three times and all three orders have arrived quickly, hot, and accurately. The driver was courteous and provided plenty of sauce packets, napkins, etc. The food was delicious and good quality. I was particularly impressed with the seeming freshness of the vegetables and the tenderness of the meat/chicken. My roommate really enjoyed the pan-fried dumplings. We all commented at how tasty the spring rolls seemed to be. I intend to continue using Fast Wok as my go-to spot for quick, tasty Chinese food delivered to my door.
