2	I wish I could find something really nice to say about this place.  Museums can be such wonderful places to visit.  This one isn't.  Oh yeah....I  thought of something nice....if they served taco's, it would make a GREAT taco stand!
4	My husband and I are getting to know Charlotte and its history one attraction at a time. The Charlotte Museum of History was a nice way to spend an afternoon.Adult tickets are $6. They have a tour of the Hezekiah Alexander Homesite (which is the oldest surviving homesite in Mecklenburg County...you'll learn this on the tour). Make sure you sign up for the tour; it is included in your admission ticket. The tour lasts approximately 40 minutes and requires traveling a little bit of distance from the main museum building (it is wheelchair accessible). The main museum building has exhibits that help educate guests about the Charlotte-Mecklenburg community, artifacts that are being preserved, and some further history of Charlotte and the Rock House history.The grounds are tranquil. They have some picnic tables and benches along the little creek on the property. I thought it would be nice to pack a lunch and sit outside to eat during a break from the museum...maybe next time if I take my family members there. It was a nice way to spend an afternoon. It only took a couple hours to go through and I'm sure I could have sped up the process or have taken a bit longer to read through some of the exhibits. For $6 per ticket, it gives another good perspective on Charlotte.
3	I say there are a couple of things one should do when you're moving to a new place and want to learn about it.  First, ride around on the bus (check).  Second, learn a bit about the area's history/culture.  And that's precisely what you can do here at this spot.  The permanent exhibits include one wing for colonial-revolution era living and explain a lot about how things came to be named, the founders and whatnot (Trade and Tryon, for example).  Another wing describes post revolution, Civil War/Reconstruction and both World Wars.  That's a bit to cram into one small wing so it's less developed than it could be.  What I imagine to be less permanent were an exhibit about the history and workings of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg police department (always interesting to me) and upstairs a fascinating look at church camp meetings.  Now, not being southern or protestant this was a totally new thing for me to learn about.   So maybe if you're local this is lame or old news, but the history and culture of camp meetings and "tents" was so interesting to me.Of course like any history museum of smaller size, there were things to be desired. If you're a "People's History" kind of person (you want to hear the voices of the oppressed or something) you probably won't be satisfied here.  There's obviously mention of slavery and inequality but it isn't a dominant theme.  Personally, I would have liked to see a positive representation of the growing Latino population in Charlotte (as of now the only clues are the Spanish language guides and a section on gangs in the police exhibit).But swinging back to the positive, one neat feature I think is that the "backyard" of the museum is the campus of the first or oldest house in Charlotte (I don't recall which).    It includes their main home, some other buildings that were used for water storage and the like and you can take a tour of them with your cell phone.  You dial a number for each house and get an audio tour.  Or you can hold out for the guided tours that happen a couple of times each day.Benefits: quick historical overview, interesting grounds, and one good non-mainstream cultural exhibit.Flaws: mostly mainstream, a bit small.  Overall?  Yeah, I'd bring other visitors here.
3	So my bestie has been living in Charlotte for a few years now after getting married and I was visiting her.  "Let's do something touristy" I said.  So we found this museum.  "Sure, why the hell not"  Luckily we weren't there with all the children, apparently a lot of school groups do come by.  It's a tiny museum.  They had a display for the history of the policy department and a history of Charlotte itself.  They had a tv with a video talking about the history of Charlotte on a loop.  I'm pretty sure this video was made in the late 80s early 90s and clearly still on VHS.  They have a tour, but it's limited to quite small groups and it's first come first served.  Luckily we were able to get in on the tour.  Without it, I don't think this place would have been worth the price of admission.  We were able to go through the whole museum mostly while we waited for the tour.  We were there only a few hours total.Our guide was dressed in period garb.  Older gentleman, had a lot of information and was able to answer tons of questions.  It was quite cool to see this old home and some other buildings they have on the property.  As was mentioned by the guide, there isn't much in Charlotte that is "old" because everything seems to be torn down and rebuilt every few years.
4	The Charlotte Museum of History is an important part of the Charlotte community. It is dedicated to preservation of the Revolutionary War era of Mecklenburg County. The jewel of the museum is the Rock House - oldest house in the county.  I have visited many times and really feel the staff does a great job. Go visit!
4	We came down to Charlotte for an academic meeting, and, because of its pre-revolutionary history, expected, at least , more historical sites, buildings than we had time for.  Not the case!  Old Charlotte has apparently been bulldozed to the ground by the bank/developers.The Charlotte Museum is a wonderful afternoon of time, well spent, viewing the installations of early life in the South and the history of the Carolinas.The adjoining homestead and tour is very impressive.  The staff is very committed and well informed.The museum exhibits are for all ages. Rotating/temporary exhibits, such as the one from the Smithsonian on Native American Code communication in WW2 was fascinating.Hurray to those who made this happen!I am from a city that also destroyed its architectural treasures and put up a parking lot.Martin (Chicago)
