4	Another sign of a good restaurant with multiple locations is that one is as good as the next-certainly true with Chicago Gyros!  i had gyros, I couldn't resist, these are about the best you'll find in the Valley.  I've been all around and I'm always delighted to find another Chicago Gyros store for lunch!!
3	Attention all business owners:  Playing KYOT in your establishment may result in the automatic deduction of one star.  The aural assault of elevator music redux is an offensive to every fiber of my being.  It penetrates my ear balls and leaves me with a slight tic.  I am not the only person suffering from this affliction.  Consider yourself warned.Other than blaring tunes to haunt my soul, the Chicago Gyro place is a rock solid choice for a mash up of Mediterranean and Chicago dawgs.  The menu is gimungous and really pretty intimidating.  Luckily I can keep chipping away at it by ordering something different each time, because the food really is pretty inexpensive.  It'll run you about six bucks for a gyro meal deal that comes with fries and a drink, and around eight for the gyro plate that comes with hummus and other deliciousness.  My only beef, aside from the irrational hatred of Kaaay-Whhhy-Oooooh-Teeee smoooooth jaaaazz, is that the gyros are a little on the dry side and underdressed for my liking.  They are very generous with the meat here and the pitas are top notch, but they only slap, like, a single tomato slice down, and then load that madre up with onions and a tiny squirt of sauce along the bottom.  Now I appreciate a well packed gyro.  By all means, meat it up, but squirt a little of that shit on the top and side of the pita to lubricate my meat hole. (Don't go there.)  Cucumbers would also be a pleasant addition, sirs and madams. (Again, don't go there.)Anyhoodle, I'm doling out a solid three stars.  You fill my tummy and leave me quite satisfied.
4	Came here for the lunch combo, which is a lamb gyro with fries and a drink all for like $7 (I can't remember the actual price, but that's about right).  The fries were crispy on the outside, somewhat flaky on the inside, and neither fat nor skinny, right in-between.  The gyro was in a warm pita with a BUNCH of delicious lamb, some tomatoes, and a good helping of their tzatziki.  I love tzatziki, and this was pretty good, but it could have been a bit more cucumbery for my taste. Cheap HUGE delicious meal.  Definitely great for lunch!
5	Wonderful Gyros and Delicious hot dogs. The best part is that I can get out of there for under 8 bucks and be totally satisfied.
3	Very tasty gyros with a pretty decent portions. They also have some American food items on the menu also. Good place for lunch if you work in the area. Prices are reasonable.
3	I just finished eating here for lunch and I was pleasantly surprised.  I ordered the Chicken Shwarma combo.  With fries and a drink, it came out to around $8.50.  Everything tasted fresh- the chicken was particularly good - I liked the sauce quite a bit.They have a good range of items on the menu as well including Philly Cheese Steak and hot dogs.  Not much atmosphere but that's allright.   They pretty much have all the same things on the menu as Z's Greek, which is literally 2 minutes away by car but I have to give the edge to this place.
5	This place is absolutely heaven in my mouth.  Everything I've tried is delicious!  The chicken is some of the best marinated chicken I've ever had; I never liked tzatziki before I had it here (their's is the best!); their fries are deliciously seasoned...mmmm, just talking about it makes my mouth water.  The staff is always friendly and the food is always fresh.  My husband and I eat here on a regular basis and have never been disappointed.  Way to go, Chicago Gyros!  I love your food.
3	I stopped by Chicago Gyros for a late lunch today... I ordered a large Greek Salad to go.  And then while I was at it, I added on an order of hummus and an order of baba ghanoush.  I figured those would come in as handy appetizers since we had company tonight, and I was right!The salad was fresh and tasty.  It was a decent sized portion of lettuce topped with tomatoes, onions, red pepper, cucumber, feta, pepperoncini, and kalamata olives.  Note that I said pepperoncini not pepperoncinis - sadly, there was only one!  I ate my entire salad along with some of the fresh pita they sent me home with...And later tonight, I put out the hummus and baba and it worked out well too.  I was more a fan of the baba than the hummus, however.I noticed that their menu is pretty large - you can order everything from salads and vegetarian wraps, to gyros, Mediterranean pitas, burgers, fish and chips, and pizza puffs.  They also do affordable catering.While this place didn't wow me, it didn't turn me off either... I'm sure I'll be back - especially for the price, selection, and location.
4	I think this place is a great lunch spot. Ive been here many times and continue to rave about it to others. Everything on the menu is great, the service is friendly and for the price its a great value. The place has great food and its clean. Most gryo/hotdog joints have great food, but are filthy inside ie. Chicago Hamburger Company. I reccomend the gyro, which is the best in town, and the Chicago dog is wonderful as well. I love the crinkle cut fries and the greek salad is delicious. Wow i think i might head over there after im done typing. So glad this place is down the street from my office.
4	I have searched high and low for a place that serves gyro on a spit AND pizza puffs. (all you chicagoans know what I'm talking about!).  Very happy they are in my part of town.  Great place to go to the morning after a good night drinking..  they have coke products, which is a HUGE plus.
3	I came here because I recalled a review comparing it to Haji Baba in Tempe. I LOVE me some Haji Baba so I really hoped this place lived up to my lofty expectations as I live right down the street.  The only thing I'd say it really has in common is they both give you huge portions of gyro meat (btw, what do you call gyro meat if you don't put it on a gyro? Is it still called gyro meat? Or is there some existential crisis that would occur if you did not stuff it in a pita and cover it with tzaziki sauce? Ponder that for a minute.) with your order. As far as everything else, Chicago Gyros comes up a little short.To start with, WHY oh WHY is it so hard for casual restaurants to learn how to properly operate a fountain drink machine. Can McDonalds please start offering some Lunch and Learns to these folks so that everyone can learn the optimum carbonation that turns Dr Pepper from prune flavored caramel syrup to the delightful nectar of the gods that it is? Because McDonalds gets it right EVERY time. Chicago Gyros, sadly, didn't.Like I said before, the Gyro had a generous portion of "gyro meat", and the meat was pretty tasty, but it was lacking in the accoutrement that I prefer. Mainly, cheese. There wasn't any feta on my gyro! Is that not standard? If it's not it should be. I had to steal some from my salad, and salads can't really afford to get things stolen from them. They know they're on thin ice, taste-wise, as it is. It wasn't bad, and for $8 I won't complain too much, but It will probably be my second or third choice for Gyro's around.  Though I'll probably be back to check out the "Chicago" portion of their menu (hot dogs and shiz). I'll probably be hungover so hopefully they have their fountain machine fixed.
2	I've been back two more times and each time the food was not very good-one time I had the beef schwarma pita- I found the sauce nasty.  Not going back.
3	Their tzatiki is dill-laden to an extreme (which I generally have no problem with). For the most part they are pretty tasty, them having crinkle fries was the best part according to the girlfriend. Would I go back? Maybe, but I will hit up Z's first to judge the local competition....
4	The best gyro's I've had here in the Phoenix area...and HUGE! Very inexpensive (less than $7 for a gyro combo) and great flavor. Try the greek salad and gyro combo--but be forewarned--their gyro's are very BIG! It's a little slow in the kitchen but worth it if you're craving a gyro with fries or salad...Very casual, which is great if you're not up to getting dressed to go out to eat!
3	We just returned to Chicago Gyro's and had an -okay dinner. I should note that, in comparison to Pita Jungle, which we visited last week, there is really no comparison: Pita Jungle is superior. The gyro meat at Chicago Gyro's was a little dry, but there was tons of it and it was smothered in the yummy sauce. My Greek salad was really good but again, Pita Jungle outdoes it. Still, it is a great place for an inexpensive lunch or dinner and they seem to have improved on the time it takes to get your meal.
5	Ima put it this way, you arent finding a fresher gyro.  The pita, the meat, the sauce.  Best in the area.  Even if you gotta drive 3 or 4 miles, definitely worth it.  Ive tried everywhere else and they just dont make em as big or as well as chicago gyros.  The owner is a stand up guy and they have frequent buyer cards that have great discounts on them.  Not the cheapest but at $8-10 for a combo meal, you're not getting better food for the same price elsewhere.  Great atmosphere and good music, tv is always on the game or nfl network, maybe cnn sometimes.  Staff is really friendly and helpful.  Not "really" a sit down restaurant but plenty of room for 2-4 people(maybe 6 max).
4	I sometimes stop here in the middle of my bike ride ending in Arcadia.  The food here is typical of a midwestern gyro joint.  I always have the gyro with fries.  It is tasty and reasonably priced.  The atmosphere is no frills, but the food is decent.
4	My husband and I come here for lunch on the weekends often and it has totally replaced Cyprus Grill (on 20th St and Camelback) for us. Everytime we want Greek, I always suggest this place. The gyros are huge and the Tzatzki sauce is awesome (they don't skimp on it either)! I always get the combo and the fries are perfect. I always have left overs that I enjoy the next day for lunch. This isn't the place to go for a sit down restaurant experience though. It is more the lunch or quick bite place. But is soo good! They are very nice and appreciate your business. I highly recommend it!
4	picked up a carryout during the basketball games Saturday.  I've been meaning to try Chicago Gyros since i read reviews here; it's about 2 miles from home.  the gyros was HUGE, meaty, excellent pita and an extra order of tzatziki sauce made it perfect.  Didn't want a drink, because I had beer at home, so they took 10% off and the gyros & fries was $6.33.  And let me say just one word about the fries - WOW.  I asked for 'crispy' and that's just what I got - obviously hand cut (not crinkle-cut), fresh, perfectly cooked and probably the second best french fries I ever had in my life.This place is going to be a regular destination for me;   can't wait to try the rest of the menu.  Oh yeah - the staff were so friendly and funny.  Just remember to say Ef-kharisto when you get your order (Greek for thank you)
4	Having grown up in Chicago and enjoying all the great food there, I am hesitant when it comes to places that use the city as a gimmick in their name. This is not one of them. The menu is vast, and desirable. The gyros are among the best I have ever had. All of the food I saw looked great, and the people eating all looked very pleased. It's the type of place well worth going out of the way for.
3	Great food, horribly slow service! Period... Takes 20 minutes to get a Gyro and fries when the place is not busy. I can't imagine how pissed people get when it is busy!
1	Yuck. Just ordered a chicken pita and it was completely tasteless and soggy. Won't be back!
5	Great place. Love the salads!!!!
4	Food was good. I prefer other gyros from other places. I would go back again because they are very friendly and I probably could order something else and like it more. It was a good price for a filling healthy lunch.
5	This place was amazing gyros best in az
5	The food here is delicious, and the service was really awesome! The girls were super friendly and even brought my food to my table. I really appreciate good service like theirs. I ate the gyro with fries and thoroughly enjoyed it.
5	This was my first time here but I have always seen it when in the plaza. Boyfriend has been before and said it was awesome.I had the steak and cheese with side salad and boyfriend had the gyro with fries. Both were awesome and the fries are my favorite kind. The place is small and wasn't packed but extremely clean. The service was nice and fast.It was definitely fast food but good to have a different option than a chain. I would definitely go back and try other stuff on the menu since it all looked good.
5	The food is great but that Sarah chick behind the counter isn't very bright. I asked for the gyros combo w/onions on the side. She said I couldn't have onions on the side unless I was getting the gyros plate, which incl the salad not fries and soda. She was adamant that I couldn't have onions on the side.Being from Chicago, this is NOT a Chicago thing. The food is always great though.
4	Thought it was really good.  Had the chicken pita and everything was fresh and flavorful.  The warm pita was really good and the chicken was well seasoned. Enjoyed eating on the patio. Would recommend it for lunch or casual dinner.
4	This place has tasty food - hence the 4 stars.Is it mind blowing? No.  But for fast food, it is a four star option.However, when I compare it to other greek-style places, it falls short in a few ways:1) The condiments.  For starters, you do not get any.  Between myself and my husband, we could probably go through a gallon of tzatiki sauce in one meal.  He likes to drench his fries in it, I like to dress my salad with it...but all you get (per gyro) is one itty bitty sad little cup.  And if you want feta cheese?  Jalapenos? Olives? A side of ANYTHING?  You must pay.  It makes one feel a bit nickeled and dimed (although the condiments cost much more than a single nickel or dime or nickel and dime combined).  It even cost $.50 to add cucumber to your gyro.  That can buy an entire cucumber at the grocery store!2) The french fries.  They are not bad fries per say, but they are bland.  They need some salt, or some garlic seasoning, or something.  I will add - they are not soggy and that is something I appreciate.  I hate soggy fries!!!  The other downside is that they are a small serving.  As a female, I often try to avoid greasy food to help counterbalance my ice cream intake, and instead I like to eat them off my husband's plate. Because if they come from my husband's plate, then they do not count as part of my meal. Right?  But this is hard to do when my husband is protecting a small reserve.At the end of the day,when you add up all the condiments, a meal costs over $20.  And as I type this, my husband is in the kitchen eating chips out of the pantry, so the $20 did not even fill him up.But was it tasty, yes.We just needed more french fries and condiments.
5	It bothers me to no end that, in the nearly 6 years I've been coming to the Phoenix area every quarter that I never bothered to ask the folks at Chicago Gyros up in East Union Hills (yeah... the one way the heck up in Desert View) whether they had any other locations.  I guess I just assumed that they were shop kind of place and these amazing, delicious gyros would have to be a treat for when I was driving up by there.Well... I finally found out they have other locations.  Like this one.  And the food is just as food.  Same perfectly seasoned lamb and beef gyro meat, served with onions and house tzatziki.  Same warm, thick, super soft, never stale pita.  Same slightly underwhelming fries that are probably okay to skip if you're not a fries kind of person.I will say this location is smaller than the Union Hills locations, food is a bit slower to come up, and while I have no qualms about the service here, the folks I've encountered working at the other location regularly seem a lot friendlier.  At least much more personable.The Chicago Gyro lunch special - with a self-serve soft drink and either fries or a salad will come out at under $8.  Still a great deal.
4	Veggie platter was very good with generous portions. Fast, Friendly service. Plenty of parking. Yum!
3	Standard gyros, salads and fries kind of place. Great deal on the combo meals for $8. The restaurant is good for take-out or you can eat it there, plenty of seating for their average traffic. Parking lot right in front has plenty of space.
5	This place rocks! Mediterranean Salad is delicious and plentiful. Fresh, fast. Can't wait to try some of their other menu items
