4	this place was wonderful, included a full kitchen and nice roomy bed :-) i cant complain at all even when the next day my stay was across the street at hardrock :-) also in walking distance on same block they have CVS where u can get anything and alot of other stores :-)
2	Price was great which is why I chose it, a quick 3 day, two night trip, during the weekend only $87 total. For almost $100, it could have been better. Outside was cute and cozy, did not match inside. Very basic and not extra clean like I like it. Found a hair on my bed before I even slept in it. Was EXTRA hot and took about 4 hours for the air conditioner to cool off the room. I most likely will not be going back.
5	Excellent stay.  Clean rooms.  Friendly staff-The lady at the front desk Friday and Saturday during the day-I forgot her name but she was delightful to work with.Great value for the money and location,location, location!
5	Okay so I went on a family trip to Vegas and for my young ones this was their first visit. I wanted them to have a great experience but on a budget cause most of the top hotels would have been a waste of money with kids. I know some of the locations on the strip have some great pools and fun activities for families but I didn't need my kids being around the party atmosphere of the strip just the tourist options during the day. I found this place online for a great rate and I booked two rooms one for my parents and one for myself. You can imagine the pressure I felt booking for my parents and this place possibly being a dump but I crossed my fingers and hoped for the best. Well to my surprise the person at the front desk was very nice and informative when we asked for directions to old town Vegas. Then when I went into the room I was shocked to see a stove and a very clean room. The bathroom was spacious and also very clean. The room smelled well and the sheets also had no issues so I was very pleased and my parents were very happy about my choice. We then took advantage of their pool with waterfall and it is pretty small but no one seemed to be using it other than one other family. It is big enough for the kids to have fun in and I think about 20 people would be the limit but no lap swimming because it is not shaped for that but perfect for relaxing.  The free breakfast is okay but the orange could be better and they could offer some actual breakfast options other than pastries. But best bang for your buck in Vegas without feeling low budget.
3	An affordable motel about a 15 minute walk to the heart of the strip. Beware that jets fly nearly non-stop almost overhead. The last jet we heard was about 11:30pm and we didn't hear another until about 8:45am. This was (so we heard) a converted apartment building. Definitely not a luxury hotel but the prices reflect that. We turned the heat on and it smelled so bad we turned it back off right away. Maybe hadn't been used in a while. Air conditioner blows across one of the beds which also was annoying. if you just need a place to crash within walking distance of the strip this is okay. Hard Rock Hotel is right across the street so you're in good company.
4	For $50 I was Leary of what I would be getting behind door # 508... But happy to report that  I was pleasantly surprised!Room was very clean , and equipped with a refrigerator , microwave , coffee maker, and 2 burner stove. You can't be the price, but with 3Taxi rides to the strip & back we could of used that money and put it toward a nicer room on the strip and walked to other casinos.If you only gamble at the Hard Rock which is directly across the street or like to visit the  strip club directly next door then this place is perfect for you! I would definitely stay  here again if I needed an affordable room.
4	The room was clean, and affordable. More amenities than expected; two burner cook-top, mini fridge, microwave, and separate 'dinette' sink and counter.  The receptionist was very pushy about having me choose my room ... apparently having no preference is unacceptable ... but aside from those weird vibes, good place - felt safe despite being near all the hustle.
4	The staff is friendly, the exterior of the hotel looks great, inside the room is clean , nothing fancy but it has everything you need. Planes fly over every so often. Small pool. I love being able to hop in my car and go and then come back and park and go straight to the room. No valet, no having to walk through the lobby to some distant elevator, it's just in and out when you need to. This is the biggest plus for me right now compared to previous Vegas trips staying on the strip.  You can also walk to many stores and restaurants nearby. A lot more peaceful than the strip if you want a change of pace.  Breakfast was oatmeal, bagels, pastries, juices, milk, and coffee.  I would stay here again.  Only $60 a night this trip, you can't beat that!
1	I stay here often for work as I have a trailer which holds freezers and I can hook them up here. I never have a problem ever, except this time. We arrive at 6pm and are greeted by an African American woman with eyelashes that are extremely big and fake. We require a room on the corner but every time we ask her for assistance in this she tells us nothing can be done or gives us blank stares as her response. We decide we can just use the outlets they have scattered all around the parking lot. We park, which is difficult with our trailer, just to find that NONE of the outlets are working. We walk back to speak with her again and she is just as unhelpful with this problem. Stating all the corner rooms are booked and maintenance in full leaves at 5pm so there is nothing that can be done. I explain our reason for staying at this specific hotel out of the hundreds of options in Vegas and she simply tells me if I cancel my reservation I will still be charged. I am of course outraged as when I was booking my stay I found a hotel in old Vegas (which is where my work is anyways) for only $20/night and I could have bought dry ice instead of using electricity but knew that this was a comfortable stay and the people have always made sure our needs were satisfied.  Instead I spent almost $100 and still have to buy another $60 on dry ice. I am very displeased with this ladies customer service and with such a high demand like Vegas, you would think they would try harder.
1	My husband and I stayed here because we had 1 free night and I will never stay at this location again .... Since we had 1 free night we had to make two reservations so we did so and we got there fri night checked in and everything was fine my husband used his debt visa card to check in, the next morning we were told come check in for the following night so we did the girl at the front desk Kelia (spelling may be wrong) was awful at customer service and could not explain to us that they needed another card to swipe because they did not have a CC on file for us ??? Which was wrong because we checked online at our bank and my husbands CC was charged twice not once but twice than they want another card from us ?????? What the heck ??? A man from the back whom Im guessing was the manger comes out unprofessional shirt untucked looking meaner than anything and rude as can be ..... Comes out from the back and telling Kelia to run a report etc .. Well I was getting worked up and just gave her my CC and let her run it .... Now our two night stay was charged THREE nights when it was only suppose to be two nights with 1 night PAID !!!! I will never return to this location again !!!!! Rude customer service and management
1	I made a reservation at this location, cancelled it within 24hrs of making it and 2weeks prior to my planned stay and rec'd a confirmation of my cancellation. Two weeks later  I rec' a email survey asking how I enjoyed my stay. WTF! I immediately check my account and they have not only charged my account the amount of a full stay but another 110.00. I contacted the hotel Eloisa who tells me there is no record of them charging my acct. and I should call another #...I think not! I have a job and its not to correct THEIR mistakes.  I give her my cancellation conf# they call me back and say I should contact my credit card company and dispute the charge-so now my credit card company has to correct their mistake??  I contacted their cooperate office and left 2 vm to the head of the reservations dept...It took 2 TWO calls to rec' 1 ONE call back and guess what?  After a half butt apology, an excuse that this is a franchise location and a promise to rectify the issue-I haven't heard back from anyone and it hasn't been. I've had to in fact dispute it with my cc company.Its bad enough to be over charged but to be charged, never having stayed with a hotel that takes no responsibility in correcting its problem is THE WORST!
1	My fiance and I were in town for a wedding and we wanted to save some money, what a mistake. This place was horrible. The first night we woke up at 4am to our bathroom being flooded because the tank of the toilet was gushing water all over the place. I called the front desk and they came into our room and told us we had to switch rooms, ok I understand that. So we move to the new room and then the next day we are relaxing, getting ready for the day, when another couple opens our door with their our set of keys. So again, I call the front desk and they just tell me to send that other couple to the front desk. We then go to the wedding, have some fun, and when we get back to our room our keys had been deactivated. I walked to the front desk and tell them what was going on, the frost desk clerk asked us for ID, then just swiped us new keys and then just mumbled a sorry in our direction. I was just fed up with this place. I will never ever return to this establishment and give them my hard earned money. I should have just paid the big dollars and stayed at a casino/hotel.
5	Friendly staff, clean and nice and quiet rooms. It was a great value. The breakfast was ok with bagels, juice, coffee/tea and pastries. This was much nicer than many other fancier hotels.
5	I was strangely happy about this place, when I originally thought it was going to be pretty gross. I ended up here at about 4am on 6/19/14 because I arrived in town too early and wasn't able to check into my main hotel till around 2pm.  I was looking for a cheap place to stay for a few hours and hopefully take a shower after driving straight from Chicago to Vegas. Check in was a breeze, and after heading up to our upstairs room on the left side of the property, I was absolutely shocked.  From the outside this place looks like a regular gross motel, but the room was absolutely lovely.  Everything seemed remodeled - Nice beautiful clean white bedspreads, refrigerator with small kitchen area, and a clean and newly done bathroom and shower. Just out of curiosity I did a little inspection of the room and it was seriously clean. Everything was in order, the shower had great water pressure, the TV worked well and received all it's channels, and I didn't find a speck of dirt or dust anywhere.  My only negative of this place would be that I had to park on the opposite side of the property than where my room was, so carrying luggage across and around the building wasn't fun. But considering the price of this place, for the nice clean and new room I got, I ain't even mad.
4	Wanted a cheap but nice room near the strip and that's what I got. Paid $77 total for a Saturday night with advance reservation.Front desk was friendly. Gave me directions when GPS was wrong. Hotel was quiet although we got in at 3am, so any noisemakers were asleep by then....Stayed in room 310 near front of hotel.There was a kitchenette. Pool looked nice although I didn't go in. Room wasn't fancy and shower was a little yucko, but was clean and a/c was very cold which was important in the middle of July.Only got coffee at continental breakfast. Seemed like they had fruit, toast and generic bottom of the line Danish.We parked at MGM in free garage on North? end of the strip.When I got back to motel at three am there was only one parking spot left!I would stay there again as the other places on the strip cost 3-4 times as much. I used my savings to pay for very expensive David copperfield tickets.Pass on David copperfield. He needs to retire. I think he's done one too many shows although it was somewhat humorous the way he made fun of audience members...
5	Whenever I go to Vegas, I always stay in motels off the strip because hotels on Las Vegas Blvd. can cause as much as $300/night especially if you stay Friday or Saturday night! I'd rather use that money towards clubbing, drinking or gambling. Some motels I've stayed at have been pretty sketchy, but Red Roof Inn was thankfully a wonderful and pleasant experience!First off, it was really easy to check in. The staff was friendly and even gave us the option of having a room upstairs or downstairs. Our check-in time was at 3:00PM but they let us check in around 9:00PM! They even said we could check in as late as 3:00AM, so we appreciated their flexibility.Once we entered the room, we were amazed to see how many appliances were there. They had a kitchenette complete with a mini stove-top, microwave, refrigerator and sink. They also had a full-length ironing board, which was useful. The room was clean and also had a TV with cable and a king-sized bed. The area around our room was also quiet, and we didn't have any issues with anyone being too noisy. The next morning, they had a free continental breakfast that came with bagels, cereal, fruits, juice and milk. Usually I never eat breakfast at Vegas, so this was a nice change. The continental breakfast wasn't super high quality, but it's better than nothing!Red Roof Inn is as good as motels get! The cost to stay Saturday night in the summer was only around $80/night and since I split it with my boyfriend, it only cost half of that. Plus my boyfriend had a $50 coupon, so we each ended up paying around $16! If you're looking for a way to save money, then consider staying here instead of a hotel on the strip.
3	The location of the hotel is good. Not very far from the strip. However the front desk was not very helpful. They didn't pay attention to us when we were speaking. The breakfast menu was nothing big. There were so many insects in the room. The shower made a weird screeching sound. We asked for a crib and it never came. All in all its a good place if you are on a tight budget, if you can avoid it, do it.
1	Booked adjoining rooms but the front desk yelled at us and told us we weren't able to get rooms that adjoined. Then the room smelled like smoke even though it said "non smoking". The rooms were gross smelling and looking. As well as infested with ROACHES all over. Dead and alive. DONT COME HERE. Its gross and not worth your money.
1	This Hotel is one of the sorriest Hotels / Motel in Vegas...  The price was decent for not having a reservation...  The room was ok....  Breakfast was more like a quick snack... My main complaint was with the Front Desk Agent.  I was having some trouble with my internet, couldn't log on to their WIFI.  So I called down to the front desk, The phone literally wrung about 5o times..  About 10mns later called again to I believe her name was Claudia (Latina). I told her what the problem was.. She said we haven't had any calls or problems with the internet, but said she would check with the IT guys to make sure and give me a call back.. Almost and hour went by, no phone call.. So I went down stairs to desk to see what the problem was.. I go down stairs about 830am and Claudia is playing on the internet, I believe FB.. I said I was the guest who called about internet.. She closed the window of whatever she was doing and said she tried to get in contact with the IT guys but she couldn't..  I say so its been about an hour, were you going to call me back?  She seemed to be mad that I questioned her about what she said she was going to do.. She said yes, I said well when ?  She started to give me more BS.  So I said when do your Supervisors get here.? She said 9am.. I said ok I speak with them when they arrive..  Long story short.. I never got a chance to got back down to the front desk...  Instead I emailed Red Roof Management and explained the issue...  At the end of the email I stated that I would be Yelping Red Roof If I was not contacted with my matter.They never called back to apologize, research, concern or anything.  So they forced me to have to do this...So Red Roof if you happen to see this rating F U..  Learn how to train your employees and run your Hotel business!!!!This message is straight from the Heart!
5	I have no complaints about this hotel. I stayed 5 nights for $250 total. I thought that was cheap! Every other hotel wanted double the amount or more!Room service came every day and were quick about it too. Breakfast is free, but don't expect anything great. Juice, Milk, Cereal, Bagels, Muffins, limited choice of Fruit and Coffee. There's a Plaza next door with Restaurants. It literally takes less than a 2 minute walk to get there. My room was clean, everything worked, nothing smelled and I was never bothered. I will be staying here next time I visit.
1	Damn this place has horrible customer service.. this was our second time here with reservations and still crappy as it gets nothing has changed even the employees they are so rude .. when you call and they answer they place you immediately on hold and never come back to the phone.. they seriously need some help in that department.  And with the reservations they didnt have our room available at all due to there fuck up haha When we finally arrived at this peice of shit hole the "management" was all irate cuz he had a busy night. Get it together.!! Its Vegas its going to be busy stupid!!  Don't waste your money or time here its a fucken waste of time.
1	Never ever ever again. Stinky smelly rooms. Dead roaches. Lousy management.  Don't go.
3	It was my first time in Las Vegas and this place wasn't bad at all.  The rates weren't bad, if you're on a budget, this would be a good place to stay.  Some pros and cons though.Pros:Affordable ratesFree internet (wired and wi-fi)Free breakfast in the morning until 10 amHousekeepingFree parkingCable TVFitness centerCons:Not many choices for breakfast, just basic fruit, bagels, oatmeal, juice, coffee, water, milk, basic danishes.Internet sometimes can be a pain to connect depending on what browser you useNo elevatorsTVs are standard definitionFitness center machine is all-in-one and too complicated to figure out.Can hear airplanes flying over.One night, we needed extra towels.  Called the front desk and they got them up to our room pretty quickly.  We arrived late because of a flight delay, and we were able to check in with no issues.I would still pick a more advanced hotel, but for starters, this place would be a good one for a first time to Vegas.  It's not too far from the strip and it's very close to the airport.
5	I thought this place was awesome, especially for the room rates that my friend and I paid. Super budget-friendly, with plenty of amenities that were unexpected but totally a nice surprise. I had only expected the very basics, like a simple bed and the bathroom area. We also had an in-room refrigerator, even a stove top we could have used to cook if we wanted, and microwave. The room was pretty spacious!The hotel staff were helpful and nice. I like that the hotel was pretty quiet. The look of this Red Roof Inn and the landscaping also made me feel like I had just entered the suburbs, somewhere on the East Coast. It totally feels like home!
1	Horrible customer service, we booked the room through Expedia and when we arrived at 11:30 at night, they didn't want us to park our RV in their parking lot, even though there were plenty of spaces.  We reasoned with them that since it was so late, there wasn't much chance of a huge run on rooms so they finally, begrudgingly allowed it.  they the told me that there would be an additional "Energy" Charge of $9.  I was tired of arguing, so I paid the money and went to sleep.
3	Nice staff, large room. Smallest breakfast I have ever seen, but coffee was good.  Wifi did not work at all in room.
