1	Bravo b**ch at frontdesk with sh*** attitude!! Thanks to you, Mansfield has lost one (or perhaps just another) potential client. I was just there to quickly take another look at this place as I had to take a decision between there and another gym. Well she made my decision unbelievably easy and I thank her for that. In an amazing demonstration of rudeness and attitude, that girl at front desk on November 11 at about 2:30pm had me literally running to MAA where I signed in on the spot. I quote "This is a private club, we don't let people walk around"...she said I had to sit down again with a sales rep and go thru the same questionnaire-filling bs. All this with her mouth full of the lunch she was eating right at front desk... Oh ok, so that's how you handle your prospective clients?I don't even wanna start imagining how you treat actual clients, LMFAO! I guess I was lucky it was made so blatant for me to see..I actually feel for those getting ripped off day in and day out. Besides...a weight room without even a basic pulley system, smelly locker rooms, charging $90/mth plus fees? Kidding right?
5	W-O-W, I am somewhat surprised and very confused about these two reviews below! I'm sad that Jim J. came across such an awful employee. I understand these two men completely, but so far my experience has been totally different.Here is my experience, I walked in for the first time and I was greeted I suppose nicely since I don't remember anything out of the ordinary... I asked the reception if I could have a tour  or look around and the head Trainer happened to be near me. He grabbed me and eagerly said sure. So after we chatted and looked at the training areas, he explained to me that I had to make an appointment with the Sales guy and I did conveniently for the following day.The appointment with the sales guy was shorter then usual b/c I had already seen most of the facility the day before. I enjoyed talking with him, at first it was like a lifestyle interview and I told him why I was there. I was very impressed with the whole place. The women's dressing room is not smelly. There are fresheners everywhere. The showers, when I am there, are very clean. There's not even hair caught in the drain, which is something I can barely tolerate. 98% of the time I get the exact cardio machine I want. There are TV's with cable connected to most of the machines, requiring you to just plug in your earphones and you can watch TV while you workout. My one irk :: these TV's do not always work and this is annoying. I am there 4 times a week for about 1.5 hours each visit. It IS very expensive, I pay a permanent $86 and some cents / month for my membership - my rate will never go up. HOWEVER, your towels - they provide them and there are always plenty. There is not one, but two hot sauna rooms available in the shower area. Of cosmetic items they provide (and is included in the membership per month):- Q-tips, Cotton Balls;- Body & Hand cream;- Hair gel & spray;- At least 8 hair-dryers (there is usually always one available for me to use when I need it after a shower);- Shaving cream (& disposable razors, by request);- Shampoo & Conditioner (in the shower stalls);So in the end I thought it was worth it although I haven't needed to cancel anything yet. ;-)
4	The gym itself is wonderful. The architecture is phenomenal. Devices work very well with very high probability, and there are enough that one can find a working one. Staff are mostly really nice and helpful, and their spinning classes are really good. Their running classes are great as well. Their hours on the weekend can definitely be improved; 5pm is just ridiculous. My only problem with them was that they renewed my subscription automatically without letting me know, and locked me into paying even though I was going to be out of town.
