3	Grade: CThink about it. Italian food in Verona, WI... Yeah. The bartendresses are the hottest in Dane County. This is worth the trip out to Verona.
3	Stopped in here for a bit after a long bike in the Madison area.  Overall, a nice experience with quick and pleasant service.  I've had better Italian but this was still good.  My only issue is that there was no olive oil with the bread BUT it was nice and warm.
3	average italian fare in the heart of verona.i used to go here purely for the fact that they served pasta on pasta.  you could get meat or cheese tortellini or ravioli served on a bed of spaghetti -- and i love that idea!i went back recently for dinner and their had been a few changes.they had added some booths (thumbs up) and the menu was different.i think there must be a wider selection (the menu now was in book form -- previously, it was a single sheet of paper) but most drastically, the tortellinis/raviolis were not served on a bed of pasta!!(also, i do believe the prices went up.  they are definitely higher than the prices listed on their website -- although they may be lunch prices.. . . )i ended up getting the chicken parm and it was pretty decent.  nothing to write home about -- but pretty good.  my boy got the rib eye (the special of the night) and he said it was to his liking.  his came with garlic mashed potatoes that were good (he loved them) but tasted to me a bit of box potatoes.  ambiance was pleasant, waitstaff friendly, average food.three stars.
3	The food is okay but nothing to travel too far to experience.  The pizza was good.
2	Great location in Verona!  The bar is beautiful and they pour a large glass of wine for a good price.  Food is marginal at best, but not consistent.  The only thing I enjoy eating is the cheese bread.
4	i just went there for drinks, and the bartender was what made the place.  i had some good, strong drinks (i hate watered down drinks-i'm paying, you fuckhead, get me buzzed and you'll get a bigger tip) and the bartender lady was personable, had awesome ink and kept us there for a few more than we intended to have.   never had their food tho.
3	The only experience I've ever had with Avanti was ordering pizza - it wasn't good. The dough was handmade which is why I give it three stars, but it wasn't glutenous enough, lacked flavor, and wasn't cooked in a hot enoough oven. Frankly I can make a better new york style pizza at home. Worse, the cheese was cheap and didn't have the right bite to it - like it was either old or had been purchased as a pre-shredded and chemically treated bag-o-mozz. I'm still looking for a good quality new york pizza in Verona.
4	Took my mom to Avanti's last Wednesday for lunch. Received a friendly greeting at the door and got seated right away. Atmosphere was pretty nice - the bar looked pretty thought out, but the dining area was plain. Not bad, but basic. Waitress was very nice and made a few jokes or two. Menu had a good variety and there was a board of specials on our way in that listed at least 4 different things they were offing that day. I got a special - 8" pizza and salad, while my mom was set on beef filled Ravioli and ordered off the menu. Both were quite tasty and good sized. Ingredients tasted all fresh and homemade - Yum! The Ravioli came served on a bed of spaghetti - which sounded weird when the waitress told us - but didn't seem to cause any problems as my mom at every last bit of it. Good prices, good food - and very friend service.The only complaints I had was I wasn't sure where to park - I think there was a lot in back of the building but was unclear how to get there. Also they misspelled Guinness on the drink board by the door. (really?)
1	I ordered a pasta, wow, it was very soggy and soaked in too much Ragu/Prego  Sauce. The pasta does not Look, feel and Taste like from an ITALIAN restaurant.More like a pasta from United airline.Very disappointed especially when you are hungry.$12-$14 pasta
3	My fiancee and I went to Avanti's for a fish fry last Friday.  I haven't been here in a while but I was surprised to find it fairly empty for 6:30 on a Friday evening in December.  We were very close to leaving for fear it was a sign but glad we stayed.We started out with a bottle of wine, which was on special and for $21, not bad at all.  It was a nice Malbec and a good value for the price.We both had the blue gill, which is fried in panko breadcrumbs, with hash potatoes.   I wanted the walleye but our server told us they stopped serving it because the portion was getting smaller and the quality wasn't as good.  So we stuck with the blue gill.  It was a bit fishy but overall, tasty and satisfying.  The hash browns were crisp but not very flavorful and even salt and pepper couldn't really help.We didn't really have room for dessert but I was forced to order the molten chocolate cake by my fiancee.  All of the desserts are made there except the Tiramisu.  This was fairly good but definitely not in the top 10 molten chocolate cakes I've had.The service was reasonable for the number of patrons.All and all it was a fair experience but for Friday night fish fry, there are a lot of better places in the area where waiting at the bar with a drink for a few minutes to get a table is half the experience and worth it!
4	Man does this place have a great fish fry. I have been trying out places all over Madison to find the ultimate gem and this place has to be one of them. Definately go with the fried cod, by far the best option. Top it off with Hash Browns and a brandy old fashioned and you will have the ultimate Wisconsin Fish Fry Combo!
3	I ordered some cod meals to go.  Price was fine.  Fish were cooked well and serving size was average.   Service was quick.  Amy Kent/Jazz was playing in the background which was nice.   Tartar sauce was too small a serving for the fish.  Parking was difficult to find a close spot.   They looked pretty busy.I hoped the fish would have been better and of a larger serving.  If I go back it won't be for the fish.Let me be a little bit more explanatory.   I opted against Culver's for a fish dinner because I feel their fish is overpriced for a fast food take home meal.   So I decided to try Avanti Italian Restaurant to see if I could get a better meal.  I didn't.   Culver's is better hands down.  Thus, just because a restaurant is "fast food" doesn't really hold true in this scenario.I found a nice pub in Avanti to whit I would like to try again.   But for fish I would recommend Culver's.  Avanti does however have an all you can eat fish dinner for about 18 dollars.   So if you want to eat a lot of fish you can take advantage of this.   Myself, however, would maybe eat one or two more pieces which would be about 3 dollars per extra piece.   I think this is rather pricey.   All you can eat for 15 would be more appropriate I think and I will spend the extra 3 dollars on another beer anyway.I am not an restauranteur though and I could be wrong.  But I think the lower price would draw more diners over time and drive better sales and more profits.Think about it.   If someone goes to Culver's for 11 dollars and then finds they can get an all you can eat meal at Avanti for 15 it becomes a no-brainer and more people go to Avanti for fish on friday night.   But their fish has to be better than Culver's.  Which at this time it is close but not better.A few ways Avanti could improve their meal and Culver's too for that matter would be to provide a better tartar sauce in a larger quantity, larger slices of lemon, a whole grain bread rather than a bland slice of bread at Avanti and a wonder bun white from Culver's.  Avanti makes a baked potato which you cannot get at Culvers.   The baked potato is worth an extra buck to my mind.  But good fish trumps this one.  I opt for Culver's on this one.
4	We've visited Avanti's many times.  We enjoy the ambiance with many different seating "areas" throughout the space.  Some by windows and some deeper into the space with darker lighting.  The atmosphere is casual and we have no concerns about wearing shorts and t-shirt there while dining.  All of our meals have been very good and we have enjoyed a glass of wine each time.  We have had the spaghetti and meatballs, lasagna, various appetizers, baked french onion soup and last night bluegill.  The bluegill was very good and it is something I don't see on menus often so that was a nice highlight.  Of all our visits the only feedback we have was the temperature in the space last night.  It was a warmer Wisconsin day, but not super hot.  The restaurant was very hot.  We were both sweating to discomfort.  The waitress said when they got there today they all commented that it was very hot in there.  Maybe they shut off the A/C when closed and it had not caught up yet.  We don't know.  Thus far that's our only fix-it feedback.  Great job!
3	Super cold beer glassBasic interiorFriendly serviceCold- wear a sweaterFamily restaurant in a small town with pretty good food.
2	The place is under construction so VERY limited seating.  Was very cold inside.  Very dark lighting as most fixtures were missing.  holes in ceiling and walls torn apart.  Some guy at the bar in camouflage seated us and took waitress almost 10 minutes to greet us.  There was only one other couple in the place.  Food wasn't terrible but lacked flavor.  Decent prices but the Greek music was competing with the country radio station that was blaring in the bar area.  Was just really weird!!!!!
2	The bar area was nice, but the dining area was off-putting. That side of the restaurant needs repairs and lots of upgrades. The fresh bread was burnt and tough. The table was a bit crumby. I ordered the Shrimp Fettuccine Alfredo, which admittedly was bland. The server and service were great.
1	Bad bad bad.. got the vegetarian was so looking forward to this. Sauce was watered down no flavor..crust tasted unbaked . Even giving this one star is one star to much
5	Love the new martinis! Great atmosphere in the bar area. Great bartenders. Loved the meatballs for an appetizer. Looking forward to going back again soon.
5	We decided to eat here after reviews on Yelp and the hotels recommendation.  Glad we did! The veal parm was excellent and the sauce good.  My friend said the eggplant parm was perfect.  Our waiter was very friendly and excellent.  This restaurant is truly a hidden gem in Verona! We will definitely come back!
2	The man said that he heard of this place from a commercial on tv and after taking a look at the menu online we were both a bit eager to check it out for ourselves.  Upon walking in, you will notice that the place is a split bar and restaurant.  The bar looks like a bit of a dive and was partially filled and the restaurant was completely filed.  It was Saturday evening so this was very surprising but I guess it starts to makes more sense as the night continues.The menu was what you would expect at a hole in the wall Italian restaurant in the Midwest (read:  spaghetti, fettuccine, and lasagna).  There weren't many authentic items on the menu but I'm not too fussy so I kept an open mind and ordered the Bolagnese over fettuccine and the man ordered the spaghetti and meat balls.  My food wasn't bad but it also tasted like food I could have made at home.  The side salad that came the meal however was great; the ranch dressing took it over the top.  Looking at my date's plate,  I noticed that it 1.) only came with two meatballs and 2.)looked exactly like mine except with spaghetti.  There is really no imagination in the preparation of the dishes. During dinner, the bartender came and talked to us about the drinks on the menu.  He also went over which drinks were of his creation.  After talking for about 10 min or so, I could now understand why the bar had more guests than the restaurant!  The bartender is awesome and super passionate about his work there!  Unfortunately however, he is leaving to go to another bar and that was his last night.I think I would come here again but not because the food was terrific but simply because it wasn't bad.  Also, sometimes, you just someone to cook your spaghetti for you!
2	I'm new to the Verona and I had heard lots of good things about this little Italian Restaurant, so I decided to give it a try with my fiance.Upon entering the restaurant I thought it was a bit dark, but showed history and had a quite atmosphere. I ordered the Lasagna, Garlic bread and a glass of Chianti. Immediately I was disappointed by the waitress lack of ability to recommend a glass of wine. I was told, "yea people order that a lot, but I don't know what its like". When the wine came I was further disappointed, but the lack of flavor, aroma and peppery bit I was expecting from a Chianti. When I asked if the bottle was old she said yes it was mostly from an old bottle and they opened a new one and mixed with it, "so it should be fine", she told me.Okay bad wine, I can live with it if the food is good I thought to myself. We quietly waited for our food. While we waited we could hear someone, it turned out to be the chef, arguing with a guest. He was trying to tell the guest that Calamari is suppose to be a bit chewy, "that's just how it is" he grumbled at her. She further explained that there is a difference between Calamari having texture and it having the same consistency of that of a rubber-band.Once my good came it good. The lasagna had a nice cheesy toasted top. There was plenty of meat in with the sauce, it tasted to be pork sausage and not just a plain ground beef or pork. Overall, the lasagna was pretty good. The garlic bread, however, was a different story. As soon as I bit into it I noticed a distinct bitter taste, not the same as burnt garlic, but similar. It was so awful I could not eat another bite. It tasted like an awful form of margarine was used with burnt garlic. Overall, I think the restaurant has so much potential, but they are really slacking in food quality which it seems could stem from a simple lack of skills or knowledge.
2	I'm really disappointed in this place. I went on a Tuesday and my waitress was slow and dis organizationed, but that was not the reason for my bad review.  It was the food. It was just bad. We started with brushetta. Kinda tastless. Dry toast with tomatoes covered in cheese. Then dinner; I had the lasagna.  Mostly bland sauce and noodles,  some sausage and a touch of ricotta cheese, clearly a couple of days old reheated with cheap mozzarella cheese on top. Asked for bread, it was re heated to ye point it was burnt and dry. My dates food was just as bad....
1	Went once. It wasn't very crowded, but took a long time to get someone to take our order. When our food finally came I found my steak to be cold and mostly fat. I looked for a server for ten minutes before one came. By the time one finally graced us with her presence I was so angry that I was such to my stomach. She was not even the least dit apologetic. I paid for my wife's meal and vowed to never return. Avoid this place at all costs!
4	We decided to try Avanti's for the first time in a while tonight for the Friday night fish special.  We had heard the restaurant was under new management.  We were very satisfied with our decision.  The fish special my wife and I had were both excellent.  I had the fried cod and it was very good.  My wife had the baked cod and said it was delicious. My wife and I both liked the redesign of the interior.  We will not hesitate to dine here again.  Thank you for a nice dinner.
4	Wonderful place.Went there with a co-worker, I had the Lasagna and she had the stuffed ravioli. My lasagna was very good nice filling including beef portion size was just right and best of all it tasted great. The ravioli I caned served on a bed of spaghetti and I was told delicious as well. The decor to me was old and charming, something I like; big wood beams in the ceiling and  place to relax. Wait staff was very friendly and kept the water glasses filled. I would recommend this place to anyone while in Verona.
