5	I recently moved to the area and was looking for a good place to take my dry cleaning. My neighbor recommended this place to me, telling me that the staff is friendly and that they take care of their customers. It's a family owned store and they have two other locations, which makes it very convenient for me in case I have errands to run in those areas. Definitely recommend for anyone looking for a good cleaners in Gilbert.
5	I don't really use a dry cleaner all that much except for a suite I wear occasionally. I saw the tailor part of their signs which was something I have needed for a long time but never think about until I saw this place that is close to my home. I didn't realize that cleaners sometimes do tailoring so I had a pile of things that needed to be fixed and altered. They fixed the missing buttons on my suit coat, missing buttons on two shirts, and even showed me how they could extend my french cuffs by 1/4" by adding a button hole and re-pressing them. They turned out fantastic! I was expecting a more expensive fix to the cuffs problem.
5	Nice neighborhood laundry, good set up, friendly employees and they did a good job on my repair/dry cleaning.
5	This place is a gem! They are the most friendly service providers I have encountered in recent years. I drive from Scottsdale just to take my clothes here. After each visit,  leave with a smile on my face, money in my wallet and the cleanest most well pressed clothes in my hand. Please do yourself a favor and check this place out! You won't be disappointed!
5	After suffering an expensive dry cleaners in a small town that did a terrible job, I just moved to Chandler and was recommended this place by a friend. Not only is it good value, they're fast and did a flawless job pressing the 11 shirts that I dropped off. I know, because I judged each one of them after the service I recieved in the last town. They're also very courteous. The lady said "thank you" approx. 20 times during drop off and collection. :)
1	Do not have your clothes altered at Happy Cleaners.  They altered several slacks for length and one pair was over one inch shorter than the others.  I did not notice the error until several months later.  When I returned the pants back to the cleaners, the lady denied that they had done the work, that some people like their pants shorter, and that the pants could not be fixed.  After explaining to her that I had all my alterations done here in the past, she called the owner about my situation.  She then told me they could not do anything after one month.  Signed Unhappy Customer.
