4	Fired up is a terrific place to let your creative juices flow. Several options for crafting here: painting pottery, making your own clay creations, either sculpted or on the wheel, or trying your hand at fused glass. The popularity of this shop is the only drawback right now- it can get crowded easily. They are planning to move into a larger space in Madison soon, which should alleviate the space issue, and will open up more options for parties and classes. This is one of my favorite places to take my daughter- I definitely recommend it for anyone who loves to create!
4	I went here a few weeks ago kind of on whim with two other people.  When we got there, it was crowded.  So crowded that I was afraid they might turn us away or make us wait until a table opened up.  But I was wrong, they were very accommodating and made room without hesitation!All of the staff was great while we were painting and designing our pieces (two of us made mugs, the other made a spoon rest) and when I went back to pick up our finished pieces.  I was also pretty impressed with the variety of glazes they had and the variety of painting utensils that were available. A fun place to go for kids or adults - when we were there, there was various small children painting things, as well as a bachelorette party!
5	Kim will make us custom clay vases for us for special occasions our customers request. I can just call give her a date I need them and she has them ready.  Great service.
5	So fun!  If you look at is as paying for the experience, it is totally worth it!  I paid $16 for a coffee mug but spent an hour and a half customizing it with a friend.  They have a ton of options for paints and give a lot of suggestions for techniques.  I am not a creative person, let alone a painter...but it was a great time!Of course, this place is perfect for kids so there were some kids there that happened to be a bit annoying but the girl working did her best to make them happy and make the experience for everyone enjoyable.  She was great with kids!I for sure got information about taking my class here for a field trip.  They do do large group outings and birthday parties.
