5	I ended up here on a recommendation from a friend.. a friend whos hair is bomb..because pretty obvious Im not going to ask the friend who has drab hair! I got in within a few days.. I love Kristen.. she took time to give me pointers on my hair.. that I had lost due to anemia and a horrible bout of valley fever..I had extensions and that made it worse from a bad technique.. She gave me pointers on the best vitamins to take.. and didnt try to push her products on me.. The cute salon is run by this husband and wife team.. and because I fly free..whenever, wherever.. I had been going to my old standby salon in DC for my hair.. ahhh this is much closer!
5	This is a much belated review for two of my favorite people, Mike and Kristie. There's so much that goes into delivering a good cut, great styling, amazing color, and a lil' extra TLC while shampooing and conditioning. I'll I can say is that this duo has nailed it in a big way. I've been seeing Kristie since I was fifteen and just recently visited to have Mike give me some color and va-va voom action. I am STILL getting compliments a month after my cut/color which to me is the true testament of quality.  They are both attentive, warm, good listeners and bring an extraordinary amount of talent to what they do every day.My recommendation is to go ... and keep going. Tickled Pink is for those looking for a long-term relationship with their stylists and a salon where you have a damn good cut, color, and style time after time.
5	Soooooo Tickled Pink is now my FAVORITE salon ever since the best hair stylist ever started working there -- Kristen McLean. She's done my hair for quite a few years now and every time I've cheated on her due to scheduling conflict -- I've regretted it! Kristen is my Jessica Simpson's Ken Paves.If you want hair like Beyonce, Jessica Simpson, Kim Kardashian, or any of those AMAZINGLY beautiful stars, go to Kristen!She's great with color, cut, style, extension -- everything -- on women, on men... she is THAT good!Oh and the owner seems to be just as awesome! He's super nice and everyone that sees him leaves looking even more gorgeous afterward!Can't say more nice things about Kristen and Tickled Pink! :) I'm tickled pink over Tickled Pink!!!!!!
5	This place is awesome. Mike is very knowledgable and friendly. Very Clean. Look no where else.
5	Kristie is an amazing stylist!!  I love the one-on-one attention.  She is a great listener and I come out with the cut and color as I requested it.  Not only is Kristie extremely good at her job, but she is pleasant and a joy to be around.  I feel like I've just had a day at the spa when I leave there!!  I highly recommend this Salon!!
5	I look forward to my hair appointments to see Kristie! I always feel like a movie star when I leave with gorgeous hair.
