5	Very happy to see the folks from Franktuary expand.  The new location is a sit down restaurant with a bar.   Fancy cocktails, draft beer and Pittsburgh first draft kombucha.  I stopped by for the soft opening last week and I'm looking forward to going back.
3	Visited Franktuary for the first time today and was very happy to see yet another well known eating establishment pop up in lower Lawrenceville. I was very impressed with the interior and the bar and it was much more upscale than I had expected. Unfortunately on my first experience the food doesn't quite match up with the quality of the decor. I ordered the Italian-Style Dog and the Poutine with gravy. I was extremely un-impressed with the dog. The bun was too large, it was very dry and it was bordering on being stale and the dog and the ingredients were overpowered by how bland it was on almost every bite. The Poutine was much better and was very tasty. Our waitress was great, she was very friendly and the service was quick and attentive. I'm willing to give the place another shot, but not a good first look.
4	We came here for the first time last night. We have been creeping through the windows for a few months while the place was being renovated. It is super nice inside - especially the spacious bar. They have a good selection on tap, a fancy drink list and a pretty decent wine selection. The menu is a bit pricey, but quality. They have a ton of vegan and vegetarian options which is great for me. I also love that the kitchen is surrounded by windows so you can see what's going on. It looks like they have a garage door for the summer. Will definitely be a great spot for us local larryville-ers.
5	Loved this place! Great atmosphere, friendly staff, delicious cocktails (specifically the HOLY COW), and outstandingly amazing weiners and pierogies! Looking forward to going back again and again :)
4	Oh the possibilities! This place is gonna rock it out in Lawrenceville, I just know it. Just looking at the cocktail menu got me excited for what's to come... too bad it was a lunch time meal.But really, not that bad because my lunch was suburb. It's restaurant week, so the deal was two meatball subs and poutine to share for $20.13. Not bad at all. I am a sucker for a potato bun, so I was excited to see it beautifully presented on one. The meatballs were large and in charge and there was a tasty blanket of mozz cheese laid out on top. You can get either gravy or marinara and I, of course being Italian, went with the red. I wish there was a tad more sauce on the sub, but I'm a saucy kind a gal...The poutine was not a let down in the taste department either. Loads of gravy, crispy fries and... cheesecurds. Cheesecurds are made straight from heaven, I swear. I only wish there were more! The place itself is beautiful. Of course, there are church pews as seats, but no confessions needed. Unless you confess how awesome this place is!
5	I loved this place. I wondered if the hot dogs would be overpriced, but they were really reasonable. A lot of different styles to choose from.We didn't get any fries because they were $4 and a small portion. Drinks were pricey too. But I'll definitely go back for the hotdogs.
2	The room is spatious and colored, with large tables that can easily accommodate parties of 6-7 people. Very nice choice of beers, including some local ones (two thumbs up). sadly, the food was quite mediocre. The poutine was lukewarm (and a lukewarm poutine is not that enjoyable) and the fries were not excellent, the sausage on the top of it was dry and not very tasty. The side portion of fries that some of our party got was real small. I did not like the pierogies either (rubber like). Some seemed to like their dogs, though...considering that the food is not cheap, i will avoid this place in the future.
5	Franktuary is the best place I've eaten in Pittsburgh. The staff is amazing and the food is so beautifully presented I thought I was at MoMa. The food is so reasonably priced because the quality of the food is very high. The staff is diverse ranging from 20 something bar tenders to middle aged dishwashers, to a cute, teenage blonde haired girl feverously making franks in the kitchen. I was ever so impressed with Franktuary's new location; the only thing that surprised me was how classy it was. I was a little disappointed that the new store was nothing like its punk downtown companion. But the food is getting better and better.
3	It was ok.... Over priced for some rogies, they were good but not the best I've ever had. . I'll give this place another chance tho. I really like the fact that they are open until 2 on weekends ...
4	Drinks are good here. But do not ask for a Bud light or a Coors Light. They don't carry them. They have plenty of craft beers that are way better than those. And lots of cool cocktails.The poutine was excellent. You have to try it.
3	Upscale hotdogs seems like quite a paradox but I decided to give Franktuary a try due to the availability of poutine as well as my dining partners affinity for hotdogs (get your mind out of the gutter).  Everyone I know who has had poutine has raved about it and, to my knowledge, this is the only place in Pittsburgh that is serving it up.The setup of Franktuary is very open and there are quite a few tables which was great because we didn't wait to be seated.  There was a hipster ambiance to the place overall but I was already expecting that due to its location in Lower Lawrenceville.  The front window located near the bar doubled as a sort of garage door that had the ability to open up and would be a terrific place to post up for some sunny afternoon cocktails.  Unfortunately, I came here during a drowning January rain so I was unable to partake.  After looking at the cocktail/beer menu, I will have to keep this thought buried in the back of my head for a day with better weather as the cocktails looked like they would be excellent.I ended up ordering the Poutine Quebecois and an "Under Dog" New Yorker Style (sweet onion sauce, kraut and brown mustard).   The food took longer than expected to come out which was surprising for hot dogs and fries but when it arrived it was still hot so I'll give them a pass on that.  The Poutine Quebecois was first up.  My first experience with this dish ended up with mixed emotions.  The parts of the fries with the gravy and cheese curds were amazing but I would have liked to see more of those ingredients on the rest of the portion of fries.  I'm still going to say it was quite delicious.  My dog was very tasty but at close to 4.50 a dog I wanted to be absolutely blown away.  Maybe I should have gone a little more adventurous with my toppings.All in all, I think the food was pretty good and I'm going to rate this place 3 stars for the time being.  However, I will add that I will be returning to try the cocktails and possibly another style of dog in the future.
3	Franktuary is a welcome addition to the growing Butler Ave district in Lawrenceville.  Its atmosphere is half-bar, half-cosy restaurant with the exposed brick and mix of old and new that is popular in the loft apartments in the neighborhood.  There is a good list of cocktails and beers on draft and in bottles.  The menu focuses on various gourmet dogs, sausages, meatballs, and varieties of french fries (including poutine and garbanzo fries).  Pierogies and vegetarian versions of all of the above are on there too.  I found the atmosphere, service, cocktails, and piergoies to be great, but the hot dogs and french fries were fairly lackluster.  I'd recommend going there for drinks (and some appetizers) before or after eating at one of the other dining options nearby.  It does have large tables that make it easy for a large group to eat or drink together, so if you have a bunch of friends looking for somewhere reasonably inexpensive (and have vegetarians or vegans in the bunch), it might be worth the tradeoff incurred by eating the main courses of food.
4	Overall, a welcome addition to the Lawrenceville scene.Drink-wise, they had a nice selection of beer and excellent cocktail menu. I also liked their selection of draft and bottled sodas that they could customize into various creations for you. The hot dogs are excellent.  The fries are decent (nothing special), as was the poutine. The service both times I have been here has been attentive and helpful.I hope they remain a fixture on Butler Street!
4	Having been to the original Franktuary location in the basement of a church downtown, and also having eaten from the roving food truck, I wasn't sure what to expect from this new location. In short, it's awesome. A surprisingly large and tastefully decorated space with high ceilings, church pew seating, and a full bar!This place is all about local. They have local breweries such as East End Brewing Company on tap, as well as cider from Arsenal Cider House. Soon, they will be featuring drinks made with whiskey from the local Wigle Whiskey.Food-wise, In addition to somewhat standard hot dogs, they have some amazingly creative options such as the fishfurter. Yes, you read that right, a frank made from fish. Toppings for your hotdog range from traditional to Mexican to Japanese complete with wasabi mayo. Not feeling like hotdog? How about a salad with (optionally) a hotdog chopped up on top of it? If you're vegetarian, they even have a tofu hotdog. French fries are referred to as "boring fries" since the non-boring fries are made out of garbanzo beans (surprisingly good). You certainly won't be bored with the menu.
3	I went here last night with a friend.The decor is okay and it wasn't too crowded which was nice.My main complaint with this place is it is way too expensive.  The cocktail list is the same price as somewhere upscale like Salt - the cheapest was $9.  I don't really think of expensive cocktails as really going with hot dogs and pierogies but okay.   My friend got Arsenal Cider though and they charged $7.50 for a glass.  You can refill your growler up the street for like $14...I thought that was kind of insane.The positive is the vegetarian options.  They have Field Roast Sausages which are the best faux meat product around - far superior to the veggie dogs that they serve at Station Street.  I got it New York style which wasn't my favorite - wish I had something else.  We got the poutine to split which was okay, but I don't think it was spectacular.  One Big Hop, a veggie sausage, and poutine to split ran me $16.11.  I might go back here, but I'd probably suggest getting guac and cheaper drinks at Round Corner instead.
3	I was here last Saturday night around 10pm and we were seated immediately. I love the venue and the bar, and the service was great, but I was a little disappointed in the hot dogs! I hate to admit this, but hot dogs are one of my favorite foods. I don't eat them often and was super excited to try the gourmet hotdogs at Franktuary. My friend and I each ordered two and split them, so I got to try 4 different styles. We had the Athens, the Mexico, the Pittsburgh, and the Memphis. The Mexico was definitely my favorite, but it was nothing I couldn't whip together in my kitchen. I think I would have liked a heftier hot dog too. I did get to try to garbanzo fries as well though, and they were fantastic - definitely worth stopping in for!
4	We were in the neighborhood a few weeks ago and decided to try this location - it is a beautiful place, with a lot of promise! My 3 star rating is likely to change as we try the place several more times in the near future. It doesn't get a 5 star rating at this time because of one of the dogs we had, which we felt could certainly be improved on. (The japanese dog, in our opinion, could use some tweaking, since the seaweed, which sounds like such a great idea, was fairly bland and the texture just wasn't right for it to be served with a dog. )Our waitress was new at the job, but was very friendly, and the service was excellent - fast, efficient, and courteous. The food was served at the right temperature, and was flavorful (we had the New Yorker, Athens, Texan and Negishi, plus a side of poutine and the fountain cola). The price was a little high for hot-dogs, but one can look past that for the level of quality and craft that went into setting up the place.The bar looks inviting, and I am sure we'll be back to try out their craft in this area as well. What a great addition to the neighborhood!
4	The new Franktuary spot is another gem in LoLa's crown! I've been here just once so far, but I really enjoyed the experience. The space is bright, clean and modern. The embossed, painted wallpaper adds a timeless touch, evoking the patterns of tin ceilings, while feeling almost regal at the same time.   The menu seems to be just the right size - lots of options, but not so many that it's overwhelming. We got some dogs and some curried garbanzo fries, which were delicious.  We were there mid-afternoon on a sunny Saturday. It was busy and the food took a little while to arrive, and our server apologized (though the wait was not excessive to us). There's something to meet all tastes - my vegetarian husband loved his veggie dog and the meatball sub. Be sure to stop the next time you're in the neighborhood. I'll be back, because I need to try the poutine!
3	Here's what I like about Franktuary:Friendly, attentive staffEverything is local, local, local - local meats, cheeses, potatoes, liquors, beers, etc.Unique hot dog combos, including the option to have your dog wrapped in lettuceSpecial events - every Tuesday is Trivia Night starting at 7, def. will be back to check that out soon!Here's what I don't like about Franktuary:The prices.  I understand keeping everything local increases the price, but 60 bucks for 4 hots dogs and 4 drinks?  Ehhhhh.....that's too much, and this was with a Happy Hour discount on 2 of the drinks.  The hot dogs are tasty, and the drinks are delicious and refreshing, just a little too pricey overall.I'll be back for Tuesday Trivia Night; my recommendation is to stick to beer here and maybe only have one hot dog and/or one cocktail for a more reasonably priced evening.  I do LOVE the Church Wine - at 6 bucks a glass, it's a splurge, though!
4	Frankly, I've been a fervid fan of Franktuary franks for like forever! For real. The downtown location is one of my fave lunch spots to grab and go on a busy lunch hour. Even better is sitting comfortably with a cocktail or a beer late in the evening relaxing with friends. No, not downtown, but at the NEW location in Lawrenceville. Same great hot dogs - regular Boar's Head, locavore, fish frank for Lent, a veggie dog and some other quite nice dog selections - as the original downtown site. Besides that, check out the outstanding garbanzo fries, poutine, salads and even desserts! Yes, the menu is bigger and better than downtown. Bigger space + bigger kitchen = bigger selection. And the menu is gluten-free friendly! BIG kudos! (Just a note here. Another reviewer slammed the gluten-free bun at Franktuary. He stated, "Unsure of which type of bun to choose, and being that I'm unmoved by whole wheat bread, I went for a gluten-free roll and found it to be as arid as those pitiful meatballs, crumbling in my hands, so much so that I ate the meat with plastic utensils and tossed the bread in the trash." HEADS UP! A gluten-free bun is crumbly because IT HAS NO GLUTEN! Gluten is what gives normal bread structure and substance. Don't slam Franktuary for a gluten-free bun that does what it naturally does. Thank you, Franktuary, for having GF buns and ignore the remarks of the gluten-free unenlightened.)Then there's the bar. A hot dog joint with a BAR?! Yes. Not just any bar either. The cocktails are the creation of the lovely and talented Marie Periello of The Stir Society. If you're a fan of a dirty martini, you just may enjoy a little twist with a Holy Cow using Boyd & Blair vodka, pickle juice, beef boullion, caper berries (mmmmm...) and pepper...nicely spicy! Enjoy a refreshing sangria? The Church Wine Punch kicks it up a notch with a touch of Scotch to the mix. Delightful.Don't think because the Lville spot is open that Franktuary has abandoned downtown. Nope. Lunch time will still find me stopping for a quick dog bite often at the original location. Further. For a frank on the fly, find the Franktuary Truck. You'd be fortunate!
5	Came here for a drink while waiting for a table at the restaurant across the street... and, honestly, am thinking of staying. Friendly, laid-back atmosphere. The Memphis dog we shared to tide us over was delish! Just wish we'd noticed the Church Wine Punch on the bar menu before ordering, it looks so good!
3	Franktuary is good, slightly overpriced hot dogs.  The environment and the bar are really the stars.I got the Bangkok Underdog.  It was a tasty dog with just a bit of spice.  The Thai peanut sauce really went well with the hot dog.  I could have eaten more than one of these for sure.  It was about $6.  My husband got two hot dogs, the Texan and the Southern Belle and was pleased with both of them.  The big problem we had was the poutine.  We love poutine.  We seek it out.  When we saw the Poutine Quebecoise on the menu, with cheese curds and brown gravy, we knew we had to order it.  Problem is, it's a brown gravy made of mushrooms and I don't know this for sure (their menu is extremely uninformative), but I think the cheese curds were some vegetarian invention.  I don't have a problem with vegan or vegetarian food.  Even though I am undeniably Team Meat, sometimes I even enjoy it.  I do not, however, like to be surprised by meatless dishes that traditionally are filled with meat and dairy deliciousness.  We asked the waiter, what is up with this gravy?  He said "it's mushroom gravy, I know, it tastes a little weird."The poutine was OK, but I don't like mushrooms to begin with, so there's no chance I"m scarfing down a plate of mushroom gravy.  If there would have been any note on the menu of what was in this poutine, we would not have ordered it and instead tried a different version.  Shame on you Franktuary!Bottom line:  Go for happy hour, enjoy the stunning bar and the fantastic drink and beer selection.  Get a dog but don't expect to make it a meal unless you want to drop cash.
2	This is the most deceptive restaurant I have ever been to and I plan to never come back till they change their menu. Before you tune me out for being over dramatic please take a minute to listen to what I have to say. This is a warning to all other meat eaters in Pittsburgh to not have their night ruined by Franktuary. Before my wife and I met up with friends in Lawrenceville we stopped at Franktuary for dinner. There was a short wait and the hostess was very friendly. So far so good.Once we got to our table I looked over the menu and saw they have poutine! I was very excited! I am not even Canadian and I love poutine. My wife and I order some dogs and poutine. This is where is starts to go down hill. After a short time we get our dogs. I got the Southern Belle and the Texan, they were both good but I feel they were not worth the price. I could of made these at home. My wife got the Bangkok, and she said it was nice. If I was just judging this place on dogs and forgot about  what happened next it would of been a solid 3 star experience.The same time our dogs came out so did what they call poutine. When I took a look at it the cheese curds looked like little pieces of chopped up rubber and unlike cheese curds I have had before. Then once I took 2-3 bites I finally put a flavor to what I was tasting. MUSHROOMS! That's right, mushroom gravy! NOT chicken or turkey gravy like its supposed to have. Nowhere on the menu does it say that this is vegan or vegetarian. At no point did our waiter warn us about this deception. I felt cheated and abused. If they would have said something on the menu about this blasphemy I wouldn't have been so upset about it and probably still would have ordered it.  But it's the fact that they didn't that pisses me off. It's like they thought we wouldn't notice that they tried to pass off supar vegan gravy on us. I have never had vegan anything that taste like the food its trying to replace. But that's not my problem since I eat meat. So please, don't push your life choices on me with your deceptive menu.I give Franktuary two stars, meaning I will never go back myself but I wouldn't try and stop someone else from trying it themselves. About my Ratings:1 Star - I will never go back and will try my best to keep other people from going there.2 Stars - I will never for back but wouldn't stop someone else for trying it themselves. 3 Stars - I would come back if someone suggested it. 4 Stars - I will come back often and will try to get new people to come with me. 5 Stars - My second home.
4	I found out about the Franktuary when we were planning our trip to the NCAA Hockey Frozen Four and was quite excited at the prospect of eating a good hot dog, something I have not really been able to do for the decade and a half that I have been a vegan. As you can see from my rating, I was not disappointed, nor was my omnivore spouse who enjoyed her conventional dog. We went twice, the second time ordering two dogs each since we observed that to be the norm during our first visit. We had lunch both times, so it was not busy and the service was very good. 1st Visit: I had the Chicago Imposter, boring fries (nothing on them) and pickles. My wife had the Texan and boring fries. The beer was also good.2nd Visit: I had the NY & Bangkok dogs & fries with poutine Quebecoise (without the curds). My wife had another Texan and the Chicago, with boring fries and my cheese curds. We used to visit Montreal every year to see baseball and enjoy the excellent food and culture, so having poutine again also sounded interesting and it was. We ate too much both times. What I really liked were the fixings and presentation for the dogs. All of the ingredients were super. The only obvious area for improvement, and thus the 4 star rather than 5 star rating, is the tofu dog. A good tofu dog is as hard to find as a good vegan pizza with a cheese substitute. Only once in my life have I had either. I have had good fake sausages more often, but those are rare too. Someday someone will figure out how to make a good vegan hot dog ... I hope.
5	Great for a quick meal before or after some drinking.  I actually had my parents bring me here for my birthday dinner before we went on my birthday bar crawl.  It was a cheap way to get the whole family dinner in a relaxed atmosphere and have some fun.  I love the vlademere poutine and the new yorker hot dog.  However, my only complaint is that every time I have been here, they are out of the locovore hotdog.  Take it off the menu if you don't offer it.
4	I loved the Chicago Style hotdog! The fries were fresh and delicious! Good beer selection and great atmosphere. I'll be back to try some cocktails!
2	I guess I should congratulate Franktuary for serving the third best hot dog in Pittsburgh.  What a HUGE disappointment!  How can a place that claims to honor the hot dog serve such a bad dog?  Regardless of the topping the physical wiener is the heart of it all. This one just doesn't cut the mustard.  It is thin, bland, was missing that delightful snap and was so small that it seemed to swim in the bun.My wife and I both ordered a beer and a hot dog while there.  I had the Chicago Impostor and she had the Mexican.  The city of Chicago should mourn that someone would liken this offering to their glorious dog.  Because the wiener is so small it had too many toppings.  The toppings also sucked.  Halved cherry tomatoes and a gross relish.  As for my wife's mexico dog she said that she couldn't really remember much about it 45 minutes after we ate.  That should say it all.  The poutine fries we tried were also overly salty.I guess my problem with this and a lot of the hipster restaurants in the Lawrenceville area is that no one cares if it is local and sustainable if it isn't good or better than the original. One final note, I found it offensive to chefs around the world that the guy making poutine and hot dogs felt the need to rock a chef's coat.  I guess if I have white jump suit and a model rocket I can call myself an astronaut
5	Had a wonderful dinner here a few weeks ago.  Was surprised by all of the vegetarian options! Highly suggest the garbanzo fries!  Will certainly be back again!
2	Total meh.  The poutine was NOT poutine.  The gravy was all wrong and the curds weren't melted a bit. If you want better poutine, go to Park Brugges.  The chickpea fries were overly peppered and were just one note, though they were lighter than other versions I've had.  Hot dogs were ok. Had a dog with chili on it, there was a lack of depth of flavor in the chili, needed more cumin or something. A bit of sweetness is fine with chili, but it was missing the hot and the spice.  I like the hotdogs much better at Station Street.  The atmosphere was nice and the seating was cool (with the pews and all) but not really going to be going back anytime soon.
4	Wish I could go up to 4.5. I think this place rocks! They have an awesome cocktail/beer/wine selection, and really great dogs (and sausage). I recently had the Texan dog - yum! And I absolutely looove their baked beans. It definitely has a hip vibe, and whenever I come here, I end up kicking back for a while, sipping a beverage, and enjoying the sunset.
3	I'm still on the fence about this place, but here are some observations:Franktuary is generally vegan friendly, but the menu lacks informative labeling (as some meat eaters have also pointed out). The veggie dogs are the same boring dogs you can get anywhere, but the different executions make them slightly more interesting. I haven't tried the veggie sausage, I think it might have egg in it (example of how a menu indication could be useful). Beet balls = yum! Garbanzo fries, also a hit! Some of the cocktails are way overpriced. The "Refugio" is a nice enough mezcal drink, but it's $14 and not up to par with Salt or Cantina's less pricey concoctions. It was not particularly strong, like a mezcal drink should be; it was rather on the sweet side and was lacking the bitter and sour elements of the grapefruit ingredient. Plus, it is served in a coupe with a plastic straw, which seems tacky and pointless (the straw). I had another even less impressive drink there on my first visit, which I cannot remember...The bartender seems sincere in his efforts, so I hope he can fine tune things a bit, and get the prices in line.
2	Overpriced, boring food. Extremely expensive cocktails. Not worth the trip.
3	I love the idea of this place but it needs a little more to be amazing.  The wait staff is amazing and super pleasant.  We arrived 15 minutes before the kitchen closed and they still treated us well and didn't make us feel rushed.  They refilled out drinks without asking and were very attentive.The food was good but not amazing.  I like the idea of customizing your own hotdog with different regional styles.  I got the down under Pittsburgh dog.  My problem was with the size of the hot dog.  I was looking for something more substancial.  It wasn't filling at all.  We also got the poutine which was what you would expect from a 7 dollar poutine...good but nothing that blows you away.Maybe we would go back as a novelty but not on a regular basis.  To spend that much for a hotdog I need to be blown away or at a pirates game.
4	Franktuary is a fun place that sort of bridges between a restaurant and bar vibe. I usually will stroll in during the afternoon for a quick bite and a beer. The brew selection is very good with rotating taps always with some local craft selections. Franktuary also boasts craft cocktails which I have yet to try. I guess the hot dogs are sort of pricey for the size ($5-$8), but the toppings and styles are innovative and unique. I've tried the Memphis and a Thai version which were both nice twists on the classic American hot dog. The staff is great; friendly with a hint of hipster smugness. Chris the bartender is knowledgeable about the beer and liquor selection. The owner is around frequently and has a knack for customer service.The restaurant space has a modern flair mixed with an old churchy vibe (ie. stained glass, candles, pews for seating). It is also pretty cool that the customers can see right into the kitchen and watch all the cooks at work preparing the different sauces and hot dogs. Franktuary fits right into the up and coming Lawerenceville vibe.
5	Recently came for brunch and had a great time. The menu is limited - there were 4 main dishes, and it seems that an a la carte option of eggs, toast, bacon, etc could be put together. In the end, it was something of a relief to have just a few options in today's standard of so many choices.  (Though it was great that the dishes could be made with meatless proteins as well). We had the breakfast poutine, the stuffed grape leaves omelette, and crepes. Side salads with locally foraged greens, including edible flowers, took the meal to another level. Everyone enjoyed their selections, and mimosas and kombucha added a little extra kick. A little pricey to be a regular option for me (while still being a good value), but it was a fun thing to treat my folks to.
4	Friday was my first experience with Franktuary and I am a fan of their delicious franks! Meeting a friend for dinner, I was skeptical how full I was going to be on hotdogs.  We decided to split some fries and I ordered a Pittsburgher on whole grain.  YUM YUM YUM! The dog was delightful and the bun was fresh.  My dog came with slaw and pierogies (true Pgh fashion)  I really enjoyed it.  I sort of regretted only getting one, but when I was finished I was stuffed.I love the open set up of this place, and made a mental note that it's a great place to bring a large group. Service was excellent.  They also have a good beer selection, so I'm always a fan of that. I had to get take out for the bf who was not able to join, and he very much enjoyed the two dogs he had. I will definitely be trying the meatballs on my next adventure!
5	Franktuary was one of my very favorite places in Pittsburgh, and the Lawrenceville location is definitely the best. The atmosphere is great, with old church pews and other repurposed objects decorating the restaurant. The staff is always super friendly and service has been exceptionally speedy every time I've been here. The food is great, with more of a selection here than at the downtown location. All of the hot dogs are good, but be sure to ask about whatever monthly special they have going on. The Memphis is a personal favorite of mine. They also have local hot dogs and sausages and source a bunch of other ingredients from local farms. And whatever you do, get the poutine. Seriously, it's amazing. They also have a pretty good beer selection and they can pour a mean cocktail.
3	I enjoyed my meal, but there wasn't a wow factor. I ordered the Chicago style dog and another which I can't remember right now. The poutine fries were good and we had kim chi fried balls which were good, but left kind of a weird after taste. Our waitress was super nice and accommodating and the space is very open and inviting.
3	I have been here twice and it's a story of two COMPLETELY seperate experiences.   This is the reason for the 3 stars, if I was rating it as a hot dog place alone for ONLY the food I would give an additional, HOWEVER the last time I went the service was terrible.    Lets stay positive for the top part of the review, because I don't want to sound negative off of a single experience.    The hot dogs/sausages are fantastic.    They have choices that go beyond normal fare with grass fed beef, and locally sourced sausage, as well as topping beyond ketchup and mustard.     They also offer a variety of poutine (essentially fancy loaded french fries).   Their beer selection is also nice posting rotating craft beers and some consistent favorites. The last time however I went we had a waiter who wrote nothing down, something that bothers me to begin with, and then proceeded to forget to bring things to our table and have to be asked multiple times OR brought incorrect things entirely.     I'll be honest and will likely try again because these are some good dogs in a fun atmosphere....hopefully I can add my star back.
3	I stopped by here this past Tuesday as part of a food tour. I had been to the Franktuary downtown and enjoyed it and loved seeing a new larger space.  The inside of the restaurant has an industrial feel with functioning garage doors in the bar area and exposed duct work, yet clean and whitewashed.For our tasting we were served a regular hot dog with some type of satay sauce, poutine and a dressed side salad with cranberries and walnuts.  The hot dog had a nice snap to it and the satay tasted decently with it although it would not have been my personal choice.  The poutine was the classic with a beef gravy and cheese curds and while it tasted decently, I have had better.  Finally the salad may have been the best part of the meal as it was dressed with a sour vinaigrette that worked well with the sweet cranberries and savory nuts.The bottom line for is that I would head back here again in the future.  While I sometimes have a hard time paying as much for hot dogs as they cost here, they are pretty good and I love their new space.
2	If I had a dollar for every time I visited Hot Dogma back in the day, I'd have...well, about $6.  Still, I adored it.  When the Dogma hit the fan and the name changed, I happily kneeled to Franktuary instead.  So, when word came that the one and only sanctuary of franks was opening in my 'hood, I was excited!  Unfortunately, I've been here thrice so far and have yet to love it.  The menu looks good in theory, but the food and service are average in my opinion.  Sure, $4ish for a dog is a bit on the high end, but if the ingredients make up for it, I'm fine with the price tag.  However, what I do think is a bit much is the fragment of romaine lettuce I received with my salmon fishfurter recently.  It wasn't even enough lettuce to roll up alongside the dog (if you're a weirdo who likes to wrap everything in lettuce like I do).  At 50 cents extra, it's not going to break the bank, I'm curious as to why I'm paying 50 more cents to forego the nice looking fresh bun for half a leaf of romaine - I just don't get it. My manfriend went for one of the poutines and was also pretty disappointed.  I say, stick to Kelly's for poutine, check out Franktuary downtown for a dog and stop by the L'Ville location for their bar.  Everybody wins.
5	Thank you, Mike. We came from Greensburg because we heard about the place.You were attentive and informative. Thank you for making the meal great for me my daughter and girlfriend.
2	I've had 3 additional visits to Franktuary and I'm afraid there have been no improvements since it first opened. I will echo what others have said and say that the Poutine is tasteless and bland. The gravy has no flavor and there are almost no cheese curds. As I've said before the presentation of the hot dogs needs work. The buns are bland and overpower the hot dog and the ingredients.I had really high hopes for this place but every time I leave still feeling hungry and like I didn't come anywhere close to getting my money's worth. Although they don't serve Hot Dogs I would strongly suggest going to Remedy for much better bar/finger food.
5	I like franktuary for what it is.  It's not fine dining, and it's not really a foodie joint which is going to blow you away with something exotic. It's a chill place to go have a drink and a snack.They have good, moderately priced hot dogs with interesting toppings. There is more of a selection here than 'D's six packs and dogs' and cheaper than 'Station Street' dogs. I appreciate the premium grass fed beef dogs. They cater well to vegetarian, vegan, and gluten free customers.  It's got a small bar area, which is great when you're stopping in solo, or just want to have a drink.  The beer selection is small, but generally interesting.  The cocktails list is top notch. My service here has always been pleasant. The atmosphere is not overly loud like some bars, there are no televisions, and the open garage doors facing butler street are a nice touch.  It's a welcome addition to the lower lawrenceville area.
5	We had a great time at Franktuary!  I had read about this little joint in the Post Gazette and thought we would give it a shot.  We dined on a Saturday afternoon and were lucky enough to get one of the few parking spaces reserved for the restaurant behind the building.  We were seated in one of the tables and the waitress quickly came to bring water glasses as well as a large bottle of tap to refill our glasses - always a plus in our book.  We ordered hot dogs and poutine and were pleased with our orders.  I decided to try a Pittsburgh dog as well as a Bangkok dog while my husband ordered a Texan and a Southern Belle.  The dogs themselves were good with a good snap on the skins, the potato buns were soft and tasty, and the toppings were fresh, creative, and really tasty.  Unfortunately, the gravy wasn't yet ready for our poutine Quebecois so the waitress suggested we order the Buffalo poutine instead which was really delicious.  The Boylan soda on tap is another unexpected treat!  We really enjoyed our visit to Franktuary and are likely to visit again!
3	I visited this shop during restaurant week because of the special they had. 2 hot dogs any style, 2 boylan sodas and a poutine to share all for $20.13. When we first walked in, the inside was spacious and well lit with seating for plenty. They had the garage style window up to let in fresh air and extra light. It was a seat your-self establishment so we had alot of tables to choose from. It was about 2pm on a friday but there were very few people inside, maybe 10-12. The seats are like church pews along with hard wood tables, thus the name franktuary.The manager greeted us with a smile an offered us any seat we would like. We chose to sit closest to the kitchen which wasn't a bad choice because the noise level was really low. The pew/bench which is nailed to the floor sat very far from the table making it almost uncomfortable to sit. My fiance was on the other end so he offered to sit next to me so we could pull the table closer to us. Our waitress came to offer us drinks, I chose the cream soda and he chose the lemon-lime soda. They were all natural and delicious with fresh flavor. After looking over the menu we decided on the pittsburgh dog which had mushed pierogi and cole slaw on it. i went with sauerkraut instead of the slaw. my fiance chose the chicago style which is a classic dog of course. For our poutine we ordered the texas which came with beef chili, chedder cheese and jalapenos. The poutine was definitely my favorite over the hot dogs. My pierogi was cold and the dog i order which was their new zealand underdog was very tough and dry. the toppings made it had to swallow because their was very little moisture. I found myself drinking soda after every bite. The poutine on the other hand was very tasty and hot. The fries had become a little soggy from the chili but i enjoyed them this way. We both decided on a beer but they only had about 10 drafts to choose from. Although their was a full bar and a make-your-own cocktail menu i would have preferred more beers. After halfway finishing my food my now fiance had surprised me with an engagement ring and a banner reading "will you marry me?" I was definitely overcome with joy but sad that he had chosen a place that we had never been to before. There is a chance i may return to franktuary but just for the poutine and a drink.
4	So, I've been known to roll my eyes when anyone mentions Franktuary. See, I hate pretentious food. And I certainly don't need a pretentious hot dog. I mean, it's a damn hot dog, right? BUT today I went to the L-ville location with some friends for brunch. And the brunch was pretty darn good. I had the Tres Tacos and my only complaint about the food was that my corn tortillas kept falling apart - but that is always my complaint with tacos on corn tortillas, so it's just the nature of the beast. All of our entrees came with a caprese salad which was a nice touch. The tacos were tasty, the tomatoes were heirloom and the coffee was decent. Our service was good.I have one other small complaint, and this is really just me being whiney. I understand the theme of the place. It's called Franktuary, so there are churchy bits and whatnot. But I really, REALLY wish restaurants would stop using old church pews for seating. It is NOT comfortable. I suppose for young little hipsters who don't have back problems yet [the majority of their clientele], it's fine, but for old ladies like me...ugh. Seriously, those damn pews are the worst.I'd previously only eaten their food from the Franktuary truck, and it's been a long time since I've done that, so I will definitely go back and give their pretentious hot dogs a shot before I truly pass judgment on them. Because, that's what JC would do.
2	I went here for my friend's birthday dinner and didn't really know what to expect from a classy hot dog joint. It was perfect for her because she's a vegetarian and they have all sorts of vegetarian options, but I was underwhelmed by the options given the prices. I ended up having some of the poutine (didn't even come close to the ones I've had in Montreal), the chickpea fries (which a lot of people say had the texture of chicken... definitely did not), and a salad with a sausage. The salad was measly and the sausage was good, but nothing special. My friends ordered actual hot dogs, which looked good and they enjoyed, but the prices were a bid high for what they were getting!The cocktails were good and the beer selection was quite nice, so I'd say this may be a better place for a nighttime drink and munchies rather than dinner. The service was neither good nor bad.
5	I'm a sucker for a good hot dog.  And with the options for hot dogs here, you can call me the hugest sucker in the world.I only just visited this place for the first time last week and I'm hooked.  In the two visits, I have had three of their unique dogs.  And all I can say is "OH MY GOD!"  They are so good and so worth it.  Each hot dog can be customized several different ways to your liking from the type of dog you get, to the bun it's on.The three dogs I tried were the Pittsburgh, Memphis and Mexican.  All unique in their own sense and all righteously delicious.  The Pittsburgh features a smashed pirogi and cole slaw.  The Memphis features BBQ sauce and potato sticks.  The Mexican features fresca salsa, fresco queso and guacamole.  Each mixes the different flavors perfectly.  And each satisfies just as perfectly.  Each time I had a dog I also ordered the pomme frites with a different dipping sauce, I highly suggest you try the garlic aoili.The beer selection changes depending on what's in season.  And the selection must be a great when I was in, each time my first option was always gone.The warmer months allows for the air to flow through here.  The front has garage doors like opening that not only allows the air in, but the noise out.  This also makes for a good time as you can people watch.Tuesday nights are a great night to stop in here.  Take in a game of "full contact trivia" while chowing down on some great food.  Winning gets you either $50 off your tab or a round of free hot dogs for your table.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place, I've been to Franktuary a few times now and have had some really tasty wieners and not so tasty wieners.I'll start off with the selections that fell a little short; I was super excited for a veggie corn dog and poutine (classic) for some reason I was just craving it and that's all could talk about on the car ride to LV. Imagine my disappointment when I was served a burnt corndog and my frites smothered in a flavorless gravy. I made everyone at the table taste the poutine just to make sure I wasn't losing my mind and the verdict was the same. I never send food back but I wasn't going to eat that, our waitress took it back and offered me something else but I declined and it was taken off the bill.Now for some highlights; I'm addicted to the garbanzo frites, my sauce of choice being thai peanut...such a lovely combination. The Italian dog is absolutely delicious, I took it home where I added some fresh basil and was in hotdog heaven! Kimchi balls may sound a little strange, but if you are fan of the fermented Korean staple then you have to try them out.I prefer sitting at the bar and find the bartenders to be amongst the friendliest I have encountered at a trendy spot like this. There is also a nice selection of brews and signature cocktails.
5	Vegetarian paradise! Loved the veggie dog! AND there were multiple options! YAY!!! I also quite liked the fries with buffalo and blue cheese. They were delish! The prices weren't half as high as I expected either.I will be going back!
5	Went back. Not only are the veggie dogs delish, but the veggie sausage is too!!! I actually went back the first time after work HH and was a little tipsy, so I had to go again the next day to be sure everything was as delish as I remembered!I really liked the Chicago and Pittsburgh Dogs, the veg chili and cheese was good too!
2	I have heard about Franktuary and had been planning on checking it out.   After stopping at three other places, all of which we're closed , I ended up here.  The atmosphere.   Clean and open but loud.  Made it hard to talk with Dana across the table.   The garage door walls were open and the breeze was nice. The prices are a little ridiculous for the basic dog.  $3.5-4?  Come on.  Lower the cost of the dogs and increase the topping style costs.   So the dogs came.    There is nothing.  Repeat nothing! Special about a basic beef wiener on a potato bun.  The toppings were fresh and well prepared.   But it doesn't make us ever want to come back.     Ever!Don't get me wrong , the dogs, when topped, are good.  I just don't think they will be able to sustain a regular, dependable crowd at these prices.    We left hungry and feeling tricked out of $20+
1	Took my mom and boyfriend here for Sunday brunch because I'd enjoyed it for beer and hotdogs with friends before. Never, ever going to Franktuary again after the experience we had with our waiter.My mom's bacon came out barely cooked, so she sent it back to be cooked properly. Because there's an open kitchen, she then saw our waiter *pick the bacon up in his bare hands and put it back on her plate.* Seriously, what? No gloves, no handwashing. I don't know where this guy's hands have been - he could have touched any number of unwashed surfaces, foods, or body parts before that bacon. Grosser than gross.I could have forgiven that (maybe, and with a write-off of the bacon) if the waiter hadn't been so nasty. Instead of apologizing, he got defensive: "What, you think no one touches anything with their hands in the kitchen?!" I'm not naive - sure people touch things when cooking. But at a restaurant, I expect people who handle food to wash their hands regularly, wear gloves, and use tongs whenever possible. Anyway, the waiter just got ruder and more obnoxious after that - to the point that he FOLLOWED US OUT TO THE STREET TO YELL AT US after we left him no tip (sorry, but he certainly did nothing to earn one).Between the unsanitary food handling and the attitude, I won't be going back to Franktuary. I'm also filing a report with the County Health Department because I don't usually order e. coli with my meals.
1	This place is just awful and in no way worthy of ANY of the hype. I am to understand this is based on the downtown location in some church? Ugh! Already, that makes me sick to my stomach. I walk in and see church decor - strike No. 1. The hotdogs are disgusting. They have almost no flavor - toppings, included - and they're those generic, thin hotdogs, not the thick kind you would expect should you be going to a restaurant specializing in hot dogs. On top of this, they don't offer any sides along with your hotdogs (I.E.two hotdogs and a side of salad, fries, chips, etc.) No, forget it. Everything is extra - as is the case with these indie restaurants. This is yet another independent restaurant that fails miserably here in Pittsburgh. I will gladly stick with the chain restaurants. And yes, you can make a far better hotdog for far less $$ at home.
3	Perhaps my review won't count since I had the "vegan" dog and those who opted for the "real" thing may have a difference in opinion.  All in all, I was pleasantly surprised by by vegan dog and the fact that I wasn't disgusted by it.  I had fairly low expectations of a "vegan" hot dog but it wasn't bad at all...it actually tasted, looked and had a similar consistency of an all beef hot dog.  I got mine prepared "Memphis" style which meant it had cole slaw, bbq sauce and potato sticks as toppings.  I feel like the cole slaw was overwhelming and wish there was more bbq sauce.  I tried some of the frites which were fresh although there wasn't many to "share".  The atmosphere/decor and the type of food you get here don't quite match but it seems to work in an odd way.  I didn't feel strange at all ordering a French 75 with my hot dog!
3	Went to Franktuary for the first time today with my girlfriend and was overall disappointed.The building itself is pretty cool. I like that they kept the refurbished church look considering the original place. Lots of room to move, pretty comfortable seating for hardwood, and nothing was crazy wobbly or broken. Only downside would be that since the front is all glass it got a little chilly up front, but that's common sense so seat yourself appropriately.Our server was good. Quick, attentive, not.overbearing, all good. Not sure about the cocktails, but me and my girlfriend both got a laugh out of how AWFULLY the bartender pulled a draft. Good lord, she must've had 2in of foam once it was all said and done, so be aware. The beer selection is pretty good though and all local or at least from PA (today. Wouldn't be shocked if it changed)As for the food it was good if you understand and accept the following:1) the menu is 90% hotdogs and there really isn't enough you can do to a frank to make it but so different.2) unless you don't eat much, have the cash to burn, or go during happy hour you're not eating to get full.3) these are REGULAR size franks with a very irregular price tag.Don't get me wrong, the hotdogs were delicious, but when they START at $3.50 before any condiments I expected a sizable dog. That wasn't the case. On top of that all sides are separate, which is fine, but $4 for the equivalent of a medium fry at Mcdonald's is absurd. I know how much food costs and you can afford to give a basket of fries for the sae price unless you don't know where to buy affordable ingredients. For a down-under dog, a veggie sausage, fries and a beer I spent $22 and was hungry again within a couple hours.It's a cool spot, great if you don't mind spending the money for a pretty light meal, also great if you go during happy hour (4pm-6pm, 1/2 price dogs, $2 drafts), but unless that's the position I'm in I can't see myself ever going back. You just do not get enough for your money and thats enough reason for me.
3	Franktuary is a little tough to review.  It is all about the hot dogs, and trust me, I do love a good hot dog.  Something about it makes me think of summer and baseball.  But hot dogs are a blank slates and that is basically what you start with here, then build it up.  I guess my biggest issue is the price.  And I don't seem to be alone here:) these are REGULAR size dogz, not 1/4 LB dogs.  I got two the Chicago Dog, and something called the Italian Dog that I haven't seen on the menu now, but it had basil olive oil mozzarella, and tomatoes on it.  I may be leaving out an ingredient there, so I apologize.  Now as for the  service and what not, I can't rate it, as I had my husband pick these up for me on his lunch break and bring them to me.  I was in the mood for a good dog and heard this was a great stop.  The two again "regular sized dogs" were about $10.00.  Not trying to sound cheap here but REALLY??? you can go to Sheetz and get two dogs for like a buck and they are the same size....  Anyhow they were good, but just that.  Certainly not $10.00 good for a hot dog and certainly not filling for a lunch.  I think this place is worth a try just to say you did it, but I wouldn't make it a regular stop.  Maybe I will try it again in the future and maybe not.
2	I've given it several tries now and honestly, it's just not even close to worth it.The prices are laughable for what you get when you take into consideration the quality. The poutine is fairly dour, compare it to the offering at Park Brugges (a pricier place but the same price for poutine) and you'll see what I mean. The gravy is all salt no flavor, the fries are so so, and the cheese curds never taste particularly fresh. The standard buns and dogs (which you'll get if you don't want to spend seven dollars per hotdog) are nothing to write home about, but they're fine. Last time I went the buns were stale but that was a one time thing from what I could tell. The choices for variety of toppings are plentiful, but most of them just run together. The side of fries is about the size of a medium fry from Wendy's, so don't expect to be able to share it.  Oh I'm sorry, frittes. The beer selection is okay but way overpriced, it's lazy to just slap a six dollar price point on all your beer that isn't Straub (still over three dollars, come on man), they should range from 4-7 or so. Haven't bothered with the ten dollar cocktails (sorry, "libations" see: http://www.theonion.com/articles/dude-with-knit-hat-at-party-calls-beer-libations,32433/ )The service is good though. Last time I went my wife's veggie dogs were ice cold and the server was rather penitent about it, and clearly seemed pissed at the kitchen staff. It was busy and took fifteen minutes to get them redone, I'm not quite sure what kitchen doesn't prioritize re-fires, that's been SOP in every restaurant I've worked in. Ordered poutine and the kitchen just never made it, which was nice of them. But again the servers are really nice and make up for the bad eggs in the kitchen. For the price you are much better off going somewhere else. The portions and quality are just subpar. I've enjoyed the downtown location but the Lawrenceville one just seems like a scam to fleece hipsters of their parents' money when they're too dense to realize they could get more elsewhere.
4	My new favorite hot dog spot in town, with many options (including vegan and gluten-free!) and a killer cocktail bar that elevates it above your D's Six Pax of yore. They don't just do hot dogs -- they have great pierogies and a scrumptious thing called "beetballs," which are the best vegetarian version of a meat product that I've ever eaten.EDIT: I've been to Franktuary 4 times now -- the first three times, with 5-star service, and now a fourth with...let's round it up to 2-star. So I've averaged out my star-count to reflect that, and I'm here revising my comment about the universally great service. *Most* times, including on busy Saturday nights, service at the bar is terrific. But you might experience the odd Thursday night where the bartender, working alone, tends to ignore you, you'll watch some random guy spend half a freaking hour fiddling with the AV equipment instead of helping customers, and you'll wait almost 20 minutes just to pay the bill, at which point you'll angrily math out your own bill, leave cash/tip under your drink, and hope none of the "Are you leaving yet?" hipsters take it before the tender deigns to notice.But at least 75% of the time, it will be a splendid experience.
3	We were drawn into Franktuary on a late night stroll and I'm quite happy we made the stop. Our waiter, Mike M., was great about answering our questions about the menu and giving us speedy, friendly service. We ordered a beer, a Ginzer mixed drink, poutine and 2 hot dogs. We found out after ordering they have a happy hour from 10pm-12am on Fridays and Saturdays Saturdays and what we ordered happened to be included. I was very happy to see our meal was only $21! The poutine was delicious, especially combined with the garlic aioli sauce on the side. Their fries are REALLY GOOD. I had the buffalo fries before and they were great also. I would say the hot dogs are just OK. A bit pricey when it isn't happy hour. I went with potato bread which I thought was much better than the whole wheat my boyfriend had. We both went with beef dogs and I think they're either boiled or maybe just not as grilled as I like them...wasn't too impressed with the dog itself.  The Pittsburgh topping that I ordered included a pierogi and coleslaw. Despite being made with vegan mayo, the coleslaw was pretty good! The pierogi was nothing special. My boyfriend ordered the Reykjavic topping (remoulade, onions, ketchup, mustard and onion crunch) which I thought was a great topping. They have a lot of vegan and gluten-free options and even have a statement on the menu about working around dietary restrictions. I'd probably give it another try during happy hour, but it's a bit pricey for an OK hot-dog otherwise.
1	The food was okay. I was here late, with my girlfriend. We'd missed dinner, so even if they'd brought us a plate of saw dust and red sauce, I'dve been happy. I was enjoying the beer selection, and after dinner was eyeing up the cocktail menu. That's when our server brought the check. No, it was not a mistake. He decided we were done, because his shift was 'over' and he wanted to leave. Too bad, because I'd just gotten paid, and was ready to spend some money. Instead, my girlfriend and I went to the Thunderbird, where the staff is always kind and pleasant. But to be candid, I've never seen a waiter do something so rude in all the years I've been going out to restaurants. Astounding.
3	We found ourselves in Lawrenceville for dinner and came to find Frantuary. We went around the members of our party to see if we were all OK with what would be a hot dog/sausage dinner, and when they came to me I said "I am in heaven." I relate this part of the visit because I review this restaurant as someone with sausagemaking in my heritage.I liked Fraktuary a lot. The atmosphere was perfect for this part of Pittsburgh. The service was equally remarkable. The menu was eclectic yet varied sufficiently that all members of our group found something of interest. The food combinations that we had were well prepared and quite delicious.  There really is nothing negative to say about the meal whatsoever.The issues that I have with this restaurant have to do with the cognitive dissonance of dining in an upscale hot dog restaurant. I just could not get past the fact that I was paying $15 for what amounts to a dog, fries and a beer. I can see bringing people here for the upscale atmosphere, but I think I would be otherwise uncomfortable treating someone to a meal as simple as a frankfurter, if it were that special of an occasion.  Therefore, if I want a stadium dog, I will find someplace more 'downscale' and if I have a special occasion, I will look for a more upscale menu.
5	I love this place, great place to go if you love hot dogs!  The service was good, the waitress was really nice.   I love how they have big garage door like windows that open up when its warm out.
4	I've been here a few times and enjoy their menu selection. They have a bunch of great themed nights like trivia, waffle, and a TV dinner night where they serve their twist on the old school microwave meal. The hotdogs are good and they also have a vegan dog which is a nice addition. They also have Poutine, which is delish. I know it used to be served with vegan gravy, but I'm not sure if that's the case still. I love their regular lunch/dinner menu! No complaints! They also do brunch on the weekends with a changing menu each week. When I went, the service was really slow. Our waiter was pretty attentive, but it took at least a half hour to get our meals. I got the Sweet Potato Poutine which was yummy and full of great flavors. The sweet potato hash browns were really overcooked though and way more crispy than I would have liked. The drizzle of coconut creme, sausage, cranberry sauce, and fried egg helped make up for the dry potato, but it would have been amazing if the potatoes weren't so overcooked. the brunch menu has a lot of amazing options (I had trouble picking! I wanted them all!), but the execution seems to be lacking a little. I'd definitely go back again though to give the brunch another shot since the menu changes every weekend. Regular Menu: 4 starsBrunch: 3 stars
2	Franktuary - stick to what you do best: hotdogs.  I had brunch here over the weekend and I was 'not impressed'.  I ordered the Benedict Arnold Poutine.  The hash browns were fried to such a crisp that I could pick it up and pound it on the dish and it wouldn't break.  It was supposed to include bacon - I suppose it was cut up in the mix but you could have fooled me.Some of my fellow diners ordered from the trinity menu and found themselves still very hungry after eating.  All in all, I would not come back here for brunch.  The decor is great and our waiter was on the ball refilling drinks and asking if everything was ok.  We had a group of about 7 and it took quite a while to get the food out.
3	The hotdogs and drinks are delicious, the brunch not so much. I have been for Tuesday trivia night which was a lot of fun. When I heard they started serving brunch I thought hotdogs for breakfast why not! Just kidding and to my disappointment they did not even have the option to order a hot dog. The menu was very unique and had nice options to choose from however they were pricey. I went with the pick three option and you could choose from a variety of sides or small portions of most of the entrees. I went with the bacon which was fantastic, the parfait of the day which was not to my liking and beignets which were so so. The apple dipping sauce added some flavor to the beignets which were very bland. When I think of parfait I think sweet and this one had tons of chopped up red beets at the bottom which did not go well with the rest of the ingredients and the strong flavor took over. We went with a large party and our orders took a long time to be served. A few others in my party weren't thrilled with their meal and the portions were small. Stick with the hotdogs when going here.
3	Look at the top of the page and you'll see the ambiance described as "Hipster, Casual, Trendy" This place is way too Hipster & Trendy for my tastes.Stopped in for lunch. Hotdogs and fries were average or slightly above average at best. Gravy was awful. Ordered meatballs as appetizer and they were awesome (take it from a meatball connoisseur) but that was the only highlight.
4	Delicious hotgogs, get the garbanzo fries, and get their awesome cocktails. I had the church wine punch (it's probably not called that) it was like a mulled wine sangria.Downside? My boyfriend whined about how hungry he still was afterwards. Don't go there expecting huge portions and don't have a cheap boyfriend.
4	Dinner on an otherwise ordinary Thursday night offered the following:tasty dogscreative topping combosnicely cooked fritesdelicious dipping saucescrisp saladgreat barinventive cocktailsquality beer selectionAnd the best part was the service. Our hostess was genuinely welcoming, nothing over the top, just friendly and warm. Our server saw similarly nice, not too showy but still polite and polished. He dealt with a food allergy concern by going straight to the source - the chef's recipe book - and providing a quick, definitive answer.We went in with no expectations and wound up having a really nice time. Can't wait to go back!
2	I've been to this place a couple of times since it's opened.  The first couple of times were just great.  The food was good, there was a fun draft selection and the servers were splendid.  Then we came here on a busy Friday night and all went downhill.  We sat at the last two seats at the bar.  We got drinks in a reasonable amount of time however we waited an obscene amount of time for food.  As a former waitress it really takes a lot for me to flag someone down but I eventually got a waitress to check on our food and she brought it out immediately.  We were probably waiting upwards of an hour and half for four hotdogs.  When we got our food my veggie dogs were cold, not lukewarm but cold.  I've never sent food back at a restaurant but these were not suited for human consumption.  I had my husband try it too and he confirmed I didn't have a choice but to send them back.  After about 15 minutes the bartender came over and asked how things were and I confessed my hotdogs were cold and requested that they just throw them in the microwave for a couple of minutes.  The bartender was ridiculously nice about it all and apologized profusely.  About 25 minutes later replacement veggie dogs were brought to me and they were totally fine.  Mind you I was pretty drunk by this point because I'd been sitting at a bar for about 2 hours and had planned to eat about an hour and 15 minutes ago so that was also pretty annoying to me.  Ohhh and I nearly forget, my husband ordered poutine that never came.  Thankfully we weren't charged for the poutine or the two veggie dogs that had to go back.  I can't really figure out what the problem here is.  The staff is great and seem to be totally competent but the food service is a problem.  Maybe they have a bad kitchen staff?  Whatever the reason we're done with this place.  I wish them well and would recommend it to others but after this one bad experience I have no interest in returning.  There are too many other restaurants in the area that I like to spend any more money here.
5	Oh franktuary how I love those gourmet style hot dogs! And now you have brunch?!? I can hardly wait for the next Sunday that I am free!I swear I am also willing to start a petition to have to dubliner permanently added to the menu!The place isn't huge and some of the booths can feel a little tight but with dogs this good, I'm not really interested in the decor. They have a decent wine selection (and yes I like a glass of wine with my hot dogs lol aren't I fancy?? J/k). In all seriousness I adore their hot dogs, love that they have rotating specials and even though they sometimes sound "interesting" give one a shot. The flavor combinations are sometimes too complex for me but you never know when you might stumble on your new favorite hot dog!
3	It was an on the spot decision to try out this place. We had heard good words and it seemed promising so we thought to give it a try. The ambiance was great; a nice, cozy joint to enjoy your food and drinks. Service was fast and polite and the food was good as well. We got a meatball sandwich and a frank with an order of fries (btw garlic aioli is a must!). Everything was great! However I am giving this place a three because it is highly overpriced for what it offers. It is a hot dog joint and for the order above (plus 2 sodas) we paid 22$ ! I will definitely try it again if I am around but I am not sure I will decide to drive 20 mins just for to have a lunch/dinner at this place. Ah also we went on a really cold night and it felt like there was barely any heating :)
4	Nice location, better spot than the downtown restaurant. Nice bar and seating area, decent local craft selection, good cocktails, and well hotdogs.
4	Great creative dogs! A couple of weeks ago I stopped in and had the special duck sausage. It was tender and well seasoned. Two days ago my run on hot dogs led to the salmon dog with Pennsylvania Dutch Apple/Onion "chutney" and Sharp Cheddar Cheese. It was hard to just eat one. But the cold glass of Yard's Love Stout that tastes like a combo of chocolate and coffee helped fill me and cool my jets so I could leave satisfied and not stuffed. Really nice wait staff, bartender, and it was fun to talk to the  crafter of the custom-made dogs as he prepared the dogs in the open kitchen.
2	Great atmosphere, drinks very expensive for the size of them and the food was not up to what the reviews said. You get. 15% off of the tab for being in the industry which was nice and might have me going back.
4	I am not normally the biggest hot dog fan... At a summer picnic, I'm more likely to nibble on chips than chow down on a hot dog and bun. If you feel similarly, Franktuary could change your life!I fell in love with the restaurant space and decor. It's a good, spacious size without feeling too large. My husband and I came here on Friday night, and the restaurant was busy but wait-free. The decor has a modern but homey and rustic feel. The lighting set the right mood, and I felt very comfortable here. Let's discuss the food! My husband and I ordered standard hot dogs on potato buns. I had the PA Dutch (apple onion jam with cheddar)  and tried his Oahu (fabulous pineapple concoction - a special that night) and Bangkok (Thai peanut, carrot, and cilantro). The ingredients were very fresh and an excellent quality while the combinations were unique and delicious. We also split an order of the Poutine Philadelphie, also known as fries smothered in gravy, provolone, peppers, and onions. Though good, the gravy flavor became quite strong to me after several bites. Overall, I was very impressed by the restaurant's design and food. I look forward to coming back here again and may even be upgrading my review to 5 stars when I do!
2	I've been here a number of times, mostly for lunch and mostly because I work nearby and this used to be the only place open on Mondays within walking distance (other than Wendy's and Subway).In short, it's a pretentious, overpriced hotdog joint and the waiting staff seem to be selected by abundance of tattoos and piercings rather by any level of competence for or desire to do the job.Thankfully for me, they are now closed on Mondays together with most of the neighboring businesses and I will probably never have to consider going there.
4	What a fine place in dine in! It is rare situation to go to a restaurant with a group of mixed friends- and by mixed I mean meat eaters and veggies :) - and for all parties be happy with the quality of the food. I didn't realize that this place was so vegetarian friendly until I went out on a Friday night with some coworkers. The place was so awesomely designed that it feels upscale but also laid back at the same time. The people who work there know their stuff and are great at making suggestions- and I ended up getting the veggie sausage and chili- and everything was scrumptious. Coupled with a good beer selection and a few great whiskeys on the menu, this is a great place to get your booze and food on. The one not-so-good surprise for me was that the place was actually pretty quiet.... on a Friday night.  It's quite possible that things get a bit more interesting later in the night, but it did seem that the focus was more on the food and restaurant rather than the bar- which is great- however the next time I go I'd like to go a little later to make sure to be there when the action happens.
4	This place is pretty awesome. Leave it to Pittsburgh to have a gourmet hot dog joint. The over all look and feel of the restaurant is modern but also approachable and relaxed. The menu is simple so everything that you order is sure to impress.I tried several dogs that night and I kind of regret the third choice, not because it wasn't good but because I think two is enough from most anyone especially if you get fries. Speaking of fries the fries were delicious. I hear the cheese curd fries are also awesome, something you will be hard pressed to find elsewhere I'm sure. Decent beer selection and a variety of meat and even veggie hot dog options makes Franktuary a happy place, even for your weird vegan friends. I had a great experience and will look forward to trying Franktuary again very soon.
4	Can you say Olympic donuts and coffee!?Decided to give Frantuary's brunch a try on an Olympic Hockey Sunday and was thrilled to find out they opened early (730am) with free donuts and coffee for the hockey game.After noshing on some quite delectable cinnamon rolls and joe, we asked for some brunch menus at 10am and dived in.  Build-your-own poutine for the wife, breakfast sandwich for the brother and breakfast flat bread for me.  While my flat bread was decent, the poutine and breakfast sandwich were better.  I recommend her combination of sweet potatoes, sausage and red-eye gravy for a unique combo!  I know this is a frank spot, but I actually prefer their non-frank options!I cannot count the amount of times one of the owners came up and asked how we were doing, which is another plus...  extremely friendly and down to earth people.  For the oddest reason I found myself completely relaxed and in the moment here, which is rare nowadays.  Definitely a plus in my book!
4	www.bigtsreviews.com
3	There, I finally ate poutine, finally, tried it after months and months of bickering I was finally able to try it, but I wasn't as impressed as I should have been. Granted I have no other poutine to compare this to, it was a bit underwhelming. Maybe, I expected wrong, but I expected it to be cheesier and i expected the fries to be a little better, but don't get me wrong, I am glad I was able to try poutine, I will definitely have to try poutine every chance I get.As for the hotdog - I got the Bollywood style (hello, I had to!) - but then again, maybe that wasn't the best choice. I got the "under-dog" version - I couldn't tell too much of a difference though.Beer selection is decent and the people are welcoming. We did try the poutine "dessert" as well, and it was OK. I want to go back and try a different style for the hotdog and give the poutine another try (not dissing on the vegan gravy - we had vegetarians among us so it was good that that was vegan - but maybe I expected the gravy to be a bit meatier in taste)Then again, I am not the best judge for poutine. I still loved the place, and I will try to go back soon to try another style of hotdog.
4	We had two amazing items:  the beetball sandwich and salmon dog.  They were very unique and wonderful.  We topped them off with a few local microbrews.  The rest of the menu looked interesting as well.  The only complaint was that they had the window doors open to celebrate a warmer, sunny day after such a hard winter, but it really wasn't warm enough for that and I was very cold!  Not a big deal and we are looking forward to trying this place again!
4	Poutine is great! Try the original one with gravy, that's the best. Hot dogs are good as well, but if you're really hungry you need to order 2,3. Overall it's a good place for late night hang out since the kitchen is open till midnight.
2	Go there if you want to spend $21 for two hot dogs and fries.... I asked for a Diet Coke and the waitress looked at me like I was an alien before explaining that all their beverages were organic and made with blah blah blah.... Please remember that you're serving hot dogs, oh and the frites (fries) were basically crumbs.I won't be back.
3	Three words: Full. Contact. Trivia.  So much fun, way better than normal, boring bar trivia.  We've only gone a couple of times (Tuesdays at 8pm), but have really enjoyed it.  They also recently started a Crossword night on Thursdays, but the time we went it was totally dead, and honestly we can do crosswords at home and not spend so much money.  This place has pretty good food, including veggie-friendly items on their menu, and also generally good rotating taps and excellent mixology.  The major downside is the prices.  An evening out for two of us, even if we don't eat anything and just have a couple rounds of drinks, can run to $50 including tip.  This is a bit much for our budget, and even though the drinks are good I don't think they warrant the excessive price tag.  So for us, Franktuary remains an only occasional place.
4	I came here on a whim with some friends.  My vegan friend had been pushing me to try this place for the last month.  We went on a Saturday just a few minutes after opening; no wait.  The restaurant space is gorgeous --- its spacious with lots of natural sunlight and feels incredibly homey.  I got the Pennsylvania High Tea and the Under Dog Bollywood style (I was torn btwn Negishi and Bangkok).  We also shared the Poutine le Frank - ah, cheese curds!!  Each hot dog is strategically well dressed with their named condiments --- beautiful presentation.  I'm not a fan of soggy french fries --- I don't ever use ketchup and prefer fries crunchy, lightly salted and thats it.  But I did find the cheese curds yummy and my friends enjoyed the Poutine le Frank - we finished every sopping wet spud straw.  I would go back to try their Sunday brunch.  The beetballs, church wine punch, and pierogis were other menu items that caught my eye.  But I've reserved my pierogi binges on the Bloomfield Bridge Tavern happy hour on Fri/Sats and the popular underground monthly "Pierogi Nights" hosted by Apteka --- find on Facebook --- an amazing monthly meal --- I am looking forward to their future restaurant space.
4	Went for brunch on a Sunday. The drinks were unique and delicious and the food was the same. Great start to your day in Lawrenceville.
3	Franktuary gave sanctuary to my hopes and imagination, but left my taste buds alone in the cold.The good?  Fast, friendly service.  Nice atmosphere, and loading dock doors that open up to let in the sunshine and breeze for summer days.  Incredibly creative menu, that is inventive without being pretentious.  Japanese, Thai, Classic, Southern, and South American inspired dogs that don't lose their humility or authenticity.  Some spots (Yo Rita's tacos come to mind), try to elevate a modest food so high they lose what makes them fun while charging 4x the price you'd pay anywhere else.  Most Franktuary dogs are $4-5 which felt very fair for such fancy frankfurters.  They have a solid microbrew list and 3 versions of every cocktail they offer (Classic, House, and Local Spirits).The shame of it is, with such inventive offerings that work so well on the page, when they leap off the menu and on to my plate, they didn't live up to their potential.  My wife got a specialty dog on a standard potato bun.  It was perfect, well seasoned, tender and delicious.  I got 2 specialties dogs, both with turkey dogs on whole grain buns.  The turkey dogs were bland and salty and the whole grain buns were stale and hard.  The gourmet toppings with them were very good, but they couldn't mask the mediocre foundation they covered.  We also got the pickled vegetable platter which was very well flavored and nicely prepared (Bangin' beets!)  and the chili cheese fries.  The mountain of fries they brought out looked appetizing, but when we tried some we were extremely disappointed.  The chili covering them was tasteless, and the fries were soaking wet with no crispiness at all.  It's a bummer paying $9 for bland soggy fries.  Franktuary has HUGE potential.  The standard hot dogs and underdogs on their standard potato buns are KILLER, and you can order any of them with confidence.  The additional options on the menu aren't ready for prime time yet.  If they can get the rest of their menu up to the quality of their core offerings they'll be a Pittsburgh institution.  Pittsburgh is a down to earth, but increasingly hip town, and Franktuary is a perfect fit for the spirit of our city.  They already have the creativity and mindset right.  Currently though, they have much of the ingredients and preparation wrong.  I'll be back again in hopes that their whole menu will eventually taste as good as it looks on the page.
3	Drinks=great. Poutine=great. Hotdogs=ok. Service=Good, but with one problem.My friends and I went to Franktuary on a Saturday night. There were 7 of us. We expected a wait, and we expected it to be busy. When we got there, we were given a quote for 20-30 min. My friends gave his cell phone, and he received a text that the wait would be 35 min. So we decided to go across the street for a drink. As soon as we ordered our drinks, we got a text that our table was ready (5 minutes had gone by). That's wonderful...getting a table early is awesome. We called Franktuary to tell them we had just gotten drinks and would be over as long as they could hold the table. They said they would hold it for ten minutes. So we all paid, some of us leaving behind half empty drinks. When we got back, they had already given away our table. We made it within the ten minutes they said they would hold it for.Aside from that, the service was good. The waitress was quick, attentive, and kind.The hotdogs were good, but they were not as mind-blowing as I was expecting. I prefer Station Street Hotdogs for my gourmet hotdog eating. I ordered the Reykjavik. I had high expectations, as I've had a hotdog from Reykjavik before. Iceland wins. That's ok, though, because I was exciting to see such an option and think it was really cool!Overall, good experience with a tiny hiccup. I may be back for the poutine. But I'll go to Station Street for hotdogs.
3	Lolz I just came in on Sunday and they said no hot dogs. So wouldn't let this trip go to waste and ordered take-out for two glazed apple doughnuts like a boss. The donuts were cool. Atmosphere was cool too. I imagine this place is a good spot for hot dogs when they have some.
2	You can't put a silk blouse on a pig. My girlfriend and I eat out in the Burgh very often and are always looking for places to find another great dining experience. We've driven past Frantuary enough times to stop in one night after the a concert. She said "Hey how about a snack, what about Frantuary?" as we drove past the restaurant on Butler. What sounded like a good idea became a very lackluster experience.I'm a vegetarian and my girl eats beef (no pun intended) so she ordered the house dog, I opted for the veggie sausage. For $5.50, I expected this sausage would be a decent size. I ordered it with the onion/pepper sauteed medley with spicy brown mustard. She had the beef dog with cheddar and chili. Both on a potato bun and we both shared some frites. Yum...until the food came. This veggie dawg was the smallest sausage I ever saw. 3 bites and it was done. It was like they opened a package of veggie dogs from Whole Foods and threw it on a bun. They are called Hot Dogs for a reason but mine was luke warm. My girls dog was also barely warm and tasted like it was boiled. Unsatisfied we mulled the thought of ordering another dog each but decided against it. Its not worth the price, we spent over $20 + tip and I felt ripped off, imagine if we were having another dog plus a few beers. We could easily be over the $50 mark. Ridiculous. I'm from NY, where hot dogs are cheap and of a decent size and is grilled to a juicy perfection. They are not over priced and served in ceramic bowls with forks. I want my hot dog in a paper boat, and a greasy mustard dispenser, maybe its just me but one day someone will get it right and open a hot dog spot that actually sells hot dogs and not some lame yuppy hipster hangout.
4	Don't live in PA anymore, so this was my FIRST trip to Franktuary. Had the PA Dutch Underdog and Buffalo Underdog. Both were great. The combos are interesting and have contextual significance (i.e. PA Dutch), which makes the menu well thought-out. Add in a Straub pint and it was a nice lunch.Service was pleasant and timely.
4	Excellent Chicago dog, their church punch is pretty yummy too.
4	I will forever remember Franktuary as the place where I tasted my first proper pierogi, and for that reason alone it will hold a happy place in my heart. So, yeah I had pierogi, but the real reason we came here was for the drinks. And drinks we had! Awesome, refreshing and classic Mai Thias and Daiquiris, to be precise. I was really thrilled to see these two warm weather drinks on the menu and done in the simple, old fashioned way -- no blender or crushed ice here, my friends. The service was good at the bar, and I enjoyed being part of what seemed like a regular crowd -- friends gathered, fun conversations and a bartender who was interactive and quick. I'm not entirely sure what's keeping me from giving Franktuary a full five stars, as I thoroughly enjoyed my time there. Compared to other places in Pittsburgh, it wasn't as mind-blowing or as much of a revelation, but it's a great spot and I'd totally hit it up again. Especially for those pierogi, man!
4	I have been to Franktuary a number of times and have had good experiences.I have been to the bar once or twice while waiting for a table at Piccolo Forno, and the various specialty cocktails I have tried have all been delicious and high-quality. They also have decent beer choices available at all times.The food is also great. I have tried two of the dogs: the buffalo (wing sauce, celery, and bleu cheese) and the Memphis (potato sticks, barbecue sauce, and slaw). Both were good, and I've gotten the buffalo on several subsequent visits. I am also a fan of the fries for which various dipping sauces are available. A friend of mine ordered the poutine (and I of course stole some) and it was also delicious.The restaurant itself is very open, and it's especially nice when the garage doors are opened up to let in the breeze. This is a great place to relax with a drink and some delicious food!
4	Leszek and I are drawn to Lawrenceville, somehow we always end up on Butler Street. It is becoming one of our favorite streets. We ventured into Franktuary on a warm summer afternoon. We found a church themed restaurant with craft cocktails, draft beers, and a menu with some interesting options. We sat at the bar and ordered a Stone Chipotle porter and a Caipirinha. I loved the spicy kick of the beer. The Caipirinha traditionally made with limes, sugar and Casacha was not so good. I think the bartender added club soda, so it was not what I expected.The menu offered meatballs, sausage, chili, salads and more. Being the healthy freak that I am I was considering one of their salad options, what was I thinking! I ordered the turkey hot dog PA Dutch style with apple onion jam, melted cheddar and green onions. The roll was fresh and the first bite of the hot dog was surprisingly tasty, good flavor combos. We also had the Texan, a beef dog with chili, cheese and Jalepenos. What the hell, we ordered Poutine Philadelphie, frenchfries covered in cheese, gravy, peppers and onions.....oh my guilty conscious....but what a treat. I usually stray from unhealthy foods but at Franktuary I said fuck it and indulged and enjoyed! Take my advise, leave your healthy eating habits at the door and enjoy what Fracktuary has to offer. You won't be disappointed.Come warm weather the front loading dock doors open up to let in the fresh air. If you want you can sit at a bar that over looks the side walk. If you want, order another hotdog, different flavor :)
5	Frankly, I think this joint has a darn good Sunday brunch. Interesting, fun combos of flavors. Bonus on the spiked drinks...second glass is free and you can order one of the other selections. Sweet. Fun decor and our server gets a thumbs up. The chicken and waffle sandwich was yummy and also good deconstructed with a great sweet sauce for dipping. Strawberry glazed mini donuts were a hit and my fav. If wasn't so stuffed would have had a second order for dessert.
5	Wonderful spot that serves up more than hot dogs. It's essentially a cool, local casual restaurant that serves great hotdogs and casual american food. It's not, to the chagrin of other reviews, just a hotdog shop - in which case, I agree it would miss the mark - it should instead be viewed as a local restaurant that uses high-quality ingredients and happens to specialize in hotdogs. Don't expect to buy your 1 dollar hotdogs here people, you actually sit down in fun restaurant.The awesome thing about the place is the wide selection of local foods and drinks. Cocktails are prepared well using great local products like Boyd and Blair vodka, Wigle whiskey, and Maggie's Farm rum.  They make made-to-order spritzers with a variety of combinations, which are great for the summer.The food is superbly prepared. The meatballs are excellent and the fries well-prepared. Hotdogs were well-prepared with a variety of interesting and traditional toppings. In addition, our service was great. The waitress was knowledgeable and friendly. Prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is fun. Nothing to complain about whatsoever. Will definitely return and try some more things.
5	Big fan of this place and Lawrenceville! They have grass-fed options, all of the ingredients taste fresh and they even have kombucha on tap. Oh and with 4 guys who each got a ton of food the bill was only $45, cant beat that!
4	I have never eaten a hot dog (anywhere), but God, do I love Poutine. This is probably the best poutine in the city. I'm a traditionalist and the poutine Quebecois was everything that I could have wanted. There are also other varieties, and I sampled the poutine Buffalo, which was topped with wing-style toppings. It was quite good and just the right amount of spice.The waitstaff was courteous, polite, & attentive. He checked with us frequently and offered enough guidance to be helpful but not to be pushy.Definitely recommended.
4	On a day trip to. Pittsburgh, we went to Franktuary for lunch. The table shared an order of poutine quebecquios and cheese pierogi. They were fantastic - the first vegetarian poutine I've had since my last visit to Portland, OR. Two friends got various hot dogs and were pleased, another got the grass fed beef meatball sandwhich, and I got the "beet balls" (a mix of. Root veggies, grains, and other veggies) meatball sandwhich, which was delcious.We had great service, great food, and a good time.
4	Good dogs, good poutine, great atmosphere. I wasn't a huge fan of the pickle platter but the nice selection of craft beers made up for that.
5	I'm a vegetarian and usually don't like hot dogs but these were delicious! The place is super cute with a great young, local vibe. The sangria is deeeelish. Highly recommend it specially for vegan/vegetarians.
4	The PA Dutch is amazing, good fries & drink selection. Plus the decor has this old-church vibe which is really cute. Not really good for more than a two-person group though, as the seating is pretty awkward.
2	You can get much better dogs for a lot cheaper elsewhere. This place is way too hipster. Try Weiner World or the Original in Oakland.
3	very unusual concept, but seems to be working in the Lawrenceville section of Pitt. The dogs were good, not great. I guess i'm just not that big of a hot dog foodie. I had the thai hot dog. we had fries that we had to send back and they did make them right very quickly I may add. It was pretty crowded and the table next to use was extremely load and the staff did nothing about at all. Not my job to police the floor, but it was loud enough that I was pretty close. Staff was OK, Rod so he said was not a server but a host, his admission, did OK. I guess i'm just a dirty O kinda guy, or Frankie's right down the street,
2	We usually are massive fans of this place but I have to say yesterday was a disappointment.  After hyping this place to out of town guests we showed up for lunch yesterday around 1:30pm with 8 people.  After waiting for a table to be put together we were informed that it was a brunch only menu and there were no normal hot dogs avail.  We looked at the menu and decided to go somewhere else..  Please retain a normal menu during brunch, you lost out on a decent sized table because no one was interested in the brunch offerings.
3	Hipster bar. Great Moscow Mule. Solid standard poutine and farmers cheese pierogis. It would be nice if their menu had more variety; all they serve is what I mentioned and hot dogs, which look good, but I wasn't in the mood for a dawg. It was kinda dead in there. Waitress was nice. Prices are kinda high. Eh.
1	Thought i would be hip and try this "fancy hotdog joint." I don't know what these hipsters are thinking. $8 bucks for a hotdog i could buy at Giant Eagle or a Sunoco for a dollar. Dogs weren't even bun size, or 1/4 pound. Fries were soggy and below average. I will stick to Frankies right down the street, or boil some dogs at home before i ever spend another dime at this joint.
5	I feel like there are a lot of hotdogs haters out there, and I just want to speak up for the downtrodden franks. Also, I mean, the name is a fantastic pun and they get bonus points for that. I've been to Franktuary for lunch, dinner, brunch, and drinks, and have always had a great experience. I can't recommend just one dog off the menu, since every time I try one, I declare it my new favorite. My top recommendations are: Pittsburgh, Memphis, and Chicago Impostor.  I know people complain about the pricey wieners, but keep in mind, these are all beef franks, and you also have the option for locally sourced meats. Sure, it's not a $1 cart dog on the street, but I don't think it ever claimed it was. When I go to brunch, I can't help but order whatever brunch poutine they have cooked up. That choice has ever done me wrong--but I find the regular poutine's gravy a bit too salty and steer clear of that as a dinner option. This place is great to bring just about anyone. Foodies love it, my Mom loves it, my vegan cousin tolerates it, and I regularly meet for after work drinks there (great food specials during happy hour 4-6). The staff is always friendly, and the events they hold always look fun (must get to a crossword night soon!)I hope I've set the haters straight, if you love a hotdog, or even just have lukewarm feelings towards the thing--you're gonna love it here.
4	I am a big hot dog fan and this is definitely the best hot dog place I've been to in years! The style of their menu is sort of like "build your own" hot dog, but they also have a set menu. I really enjoyed my Chicago style impostor hot dog and all of the different styles of fries they offer. They also have  a really good beer selection. They staff is also very nice and fun. My friend once asked for ketchup with her hot dog, and the waitress and I laughed and joked about her lack of hot dog cultural awareness.I give this a four because I can't quite remember the pricing, but I'm sure it wasn't a steal. Anyway, it's a great menu that hits the spot every time and quality food and drinks!There is street parking which can be quite the hassle on some nights but you can usually find something within that block pretty easily.
5	Eccentric place in soon to be booming Lower Lawrenceville. I never order the same dog, had Thai peanut last week. Constant however is the Poutine Qubecois, it's at the point now I have to order my own, as does my son. One wouldn't think a "hot dog shop" would be that good. Trust me Yelp...this place is superb!
5	My favorite place in Lawrenceville!  Great selection of beers and lots of options for hot dogs/sausages.  Even have multiple vegetarian/vegan options! My go to order is: a Chicago Veggie dog on multigrain and fries.  I normally get the poutine as well.  The restaurant is normally crowded (probably because good food that is seriously inexpensive is hard to come by), but reservations are possible.
5	Franktuary has consistently provided great service and hot, delicious food every time I've been there. The first time it was on my birthday, and the boyfriend and I got a few hot dogs and some standard fries to share. The food was delicious and the portions were exactly right...not exactly a massive basket of fries, but if that's your thing go to a greasy dive bar. Our original waiter took a few minutes getting back to our table to take our order, and come to find out she'd forgotten about us. She apologized profusely and immediately produced a gift certificate for more than the price of our meal! We ordered a few extra cocktails and left with a wonderful impression of the place. The next time we came was for their late-night happy hour food specials on a Saturday. The half off deal on corn dogs was no longer current, but because we'd come and ordered them for that very reason our waitress gave us that price anyways. Their corn dogs are perfect by the way...hot and very crispy on the outside with the perfect amount of breading. When I crave Franktuary, it's always their corn dogs I think about!The last time I was there was for a family birthday party. The staff expertly handled our party of fifteen by pushing three tables together and providing us with quick, excellent service throughout our visit. Nobody got the wrong food, and everyone seemed very happy with their choices. We ordered various hot dogs and multiple plates of poutine. There was about a thirty-minute wait before the meal due to it being dinner time, so several of us sat at the bar and took advantage of their delicious cocktails. The bartender was friendly and even made some custom drinks upon request. Overall my experiences here have been outstanding due to the professional friendly staff and quality food offerings. If you're going to eat a hot dog, Franktuary is the place to do it!
4	The best hot dog I ever had...no joke!   I was a little on the fence about this place.  I mean, it's hotdogs.   There really isn't a way to make a hot dog amazing.    Or is there?   I stand corrected.I ordered the grass-fed beef dog Pittsburgh style.  It sounds gross...slaw, pierogis, and ranch dressing with a hog dog on a potato bun.  What possessed me to order it, I do not know.   But it was awesome.  The dog was perfect on a perfect potato bun...and the toppings worked.   Total surprise.   I followed that up with a little dessert - some sort of apple caramel thing the size of a cupcake with fresh whipped cream.  It was the perfect amount of food and was delicious.  The dog came to $5.50 with another $3 for the dessert.  That was enough honestly, but I might throw in a side of fries next time just because they looked good.  Why only four stars?   Two things.   I ordered a salad, which was pretty lackluster and skimpy.   A couple small dots of goat cheese and some tiny bits of stone fruit with a mound of lettuce.  Not at all worth the $8 and not what I pictured reading the description.   The other thing was the bar.  I was in a Captain and Coke kind of mood.   They didn't have Captain.   OK...not every bar carries it.  I'll live with Sailor Jerry.   The kicker at the bar though was the SLOOOOOOOOW service.  Drinks took forever to get to the table.  I ordered a refill at the beginning of the meal and got it after we'd all finished everything.  My companions then decided that they'd have a round to go with my drink, which I finished before their drinks arrived.  I wanted another, but we'd have gone on like that all night.
4	Their veggie beetballs were pretty good but I would have to say that out of everything that we had I liked the miso kale salad and the poutine soo much more! The poutine was perfect, but the chunks of cheese freaked me out a bit, but I'm definitely coming back to try every single kind of poutine they have. The poutine was made with brown gravy, so fear not vegetarians, this is the dish for you! During happy hour their poutine was half off so of course I was a happy girl, but being sick I didn't get a chance to drink any of their cocktails which was a bummer.
4	Last time I was there on a Saturday night, they were swamped, slow, and the food came out cold and soggy.  I was underwhelmed, but a friend insisted on going last week and I am glad I gave Franktuary another chance!It was a week night, the place was busy, but we were able to be seated without a wait, and there was plenty of wait staff available who were all friendly, fast, and attentive.  Their signature dogs were as inventive and premium as ever, and this time everything came out very fresh including crispy indulgent Poutine fries.  The prices were certainly higher than your average dog and fries, but you absolutely get more than you pay for.Based on my first experience, I'd still be a bit nervous coming here at a peak busy time like Saturday night, but any other time, I'd be thrilled to spend some bank with Frank!
3	Eh.Service was irritating -- Addie was unfriendly, often reaching past our eating faces to grab a dirty plate. The hostess had a constant smirk - I bestowed upon finishing one's MFA, no doubt - and the portions were tiny. The food was tasty and well seasoned, especially the perfect mache salad.Compared to Gus's or Industry (the list could go on...) this place falls short of the mark.Will not return.
3	I've only been here for brunch, so I can't speak for the hot dogs. It looked pretty busy but our table of 6 was seated quickly. We had several vegetarians in the group and the pickings were pretty good for those with dietary restrictions. I got the chicken and waffle, which was pretty good but the portion size was HUGE. Actually, I was pretty confused by all the portions sizes because everyone else's portions seemed quite small and then my portion was monstrous -- I ended up only eating ~1/3 of it and giving some of it away to my hungry friends who didn't order such a large entree and were still hungry, and I STILL had leftovers for the next day. Regarding the food itself -- it was actually a "Mexican" themed chicken and waffle, which came with a cornbread waffle and mole sauce. I found the waffle to feel... gritty? I'm not sure if it was the cornmeal they used but I've made cornmeal waffles before without such a pronounced graininess. My favorite part was the chicken, which was really crispy and not greasy at all. It was a little soggy the next day, but that was to be expected. Overall, pretty good experience, though I don't think I'd come back unless invited -- I wouldn't want to get an entree and leave hungry!
4	Stopped in this morning with friends.  Was not aware that location had brunch on Sunday. We were a little disappointed that they did not have more franks offered on brunch menu. However the menu items that did order off the brunch menu were very tasty. Server was friendly and had a very creative holiday light up belt on that was very festive for the holiday season.
4	Did Sunday brunch. Was different but excellent and more quality than quantity which I like to see.Pomegranate salad was excellent.The frank breakfast was apparently good.Recommend and no queues like coco
4	I got to eat here while visiting a friend in Squirrel Hill, and I loved it!  A restaurant based around a bunch of different combinations of hot dogs, and they were delicious.  My table tried 6 different hot dogs (3 people, 2 each) and they were all amazing! The price is great as well, as you can order 2 and it will come out to about the same price as a standard meal at another restaurant which gives you the opportunity to try out some different combinations.  The vibe was very laid back.   All in all, it was a great place and I wouldn't mind if they brought a location to Orlando!
