3	Lovely little place on Notre Dame with big cupcakes they called itsi bitsi. The stores is neat with shelving on the wall displaying nicely design things you don't need but wanted. Cupcakes displayed on a drawers like contraption, smart, very sleek, Scandinavian and sweet. The frosting is a bit on the sugary side but who cares they are so pretty and nicely designed, you feel smart biting them with only itsi bitsi guilt.
1	Far too overpriced for a cupcake! No ty.
4	Hmm I'm shocked over the low (and scarce) reviews of Itsi Bitsi. I've been a fan for many years! They have a cupcake menu that is rich with flavour and ever changing, made up of 4 classic flavours and 2 flavours that change daily. They make a divine red velvet that is made with beetroot, as well as the cutest mini cupcakes that need to be ordered in advance. Over the holidays, they design their cupcakes with so much glitz and creativity. I always buy a box of 6 and spread the love! Their 4 classics are: Vanilla, Chocolate, Chocolate Coconut, and Vanilla Coconut.My favourites are the mojito, and the apricot & beer, among a few others that share the same sweet and sour taste.This little cupcake shop on Notre Dame street also has a bunch of cute accessories and appliances to buy, if interested.
4	Cupcake houses are one of those places where you kind of close a blind eye to price because they are all quite expensive.  I mean really, anything more than a bakesale $1 for a cupcake is expensive, and Itsi Bitsi is no exception.  So I won't comment on pricing here, as I think Itsi Bitsi is price competitive with the other cupcake specialty shops in Montreal, BUT if you are looking for a cupcake shop with tasty cakes then this place will not disappoint and maybe even exceed expecations.In my view, these cupcakes are really quite excellent if you stick close to chocolate or vanilla flavours.  So Chocolate Caramel (Yes please!), Chocolate Coconut (Yes please again!), Vanilla Coconut (Yes I'll take one of those too), Vanilla Vanilla (if you like vanilla you'll be happy with this) and any combination of vanilla cake with Chocolate icing or Chocolate Cake with Vanilla icing are winners.  I find that the 'fancier' flavours (margarita, floral infused flavours), have very sweet icing that are just not as delicious as the vanilla / chocolate varietals.  The sweetness is generally all I taste too, so not really my bag nor recommendation.The store itself also has some really unique and fun present and card ideas, so if you're a last minute person, you can head to Itsi Bitsi, buy your loved one/friend a sweet cakey surprise, unique present and fun card and walk out looking like a superstar at the celebratory event.  They'll also box your cupcake(s) in a fancy box and wrap your present too free of charge!  So sweet, and such a nice service.So go to Itsi Bitsi for cupcakes if cupcakes are what you're looking for!  and go there too if you're scrambling for a last minute present :)
2	Baked goods lover and cupcake enthusiast here. I will not rate a cupcake place down for being a bit pricey or the idea being silly. Okay, we clear? These are uninspired cupcakes, full stop. Dry cake, sugary frosting and a texture you'd make from the box at home.
