4	Finally they fixed the service! I really like this place it has to be the best local watering hole in the waste island oops West Island. I grew up in this area and I can testify to the tastiness of the sandwiches at Homestyle's, in fact I don't know of anyone in the southern part of the West Island who doesn't know and love Homestyle's. I won't bother with a review of Homestyle's since all you need to know is, stop in for lunch, have a sandwich and fall in love with this restaurant/bakery, nough said.This review will be about the Pub upstairs, a few year ago the owners of Homestyle's demolished the old white clapboard building they occupied and started construction on a larger building to house the bakery as well as a Pub on the second floor. I really like the fact that in this new construction the owners kept the village feel, even if what they ended up building is a mini strip mall but at least it doesn't look like one.When you walk up the stairs to the pub the first thing you'll notice is a high ceiling and a wall of windows looking over Beaconsfield boulevard, Beaurepair's main street. These windows can be opened in the summer giving you access to the wide balcony on the front of the building, in the summer this is the place you'll want to sit. The interior is decorated like any other North American wanna be British pub lots of nicknack's that try to make it look like they have a history.The best part of this pub is that the locals are customers! It's not like the big chain sports bars on the side of the highway trying to be a local bar, this is a local bar and you know it as soon as you walk in. The waiters and bar tenders are all locals and know almost everyone in the place. The Black Lion has been open for a few years and I've been for dinner and drinks with friends from the area several time and the biggest problem we had was always the service or lack there of. I can happily say that after having gone for drinks last night and sharing the packed pub with not only regular patrons but also a large group the service was impeccable. I was sure we were going to have to wait 4hrs before getting even a first round after seeing the group but I was wrong. Our waiter was great! He Was funny and entertaining while making sure our orders were served quickly. You could see that he had experience as a waiter since he always seem to be around when something was needed I never had to flag him down he was just around. I was happily surprised he made it so that I want to come back, which wasn't the case the last time I was there.And now the food I left this for last because what are you going to say about pub food other then it's does the job. The burgers are good, the nachos are OK and the beer is cold. This is a place you go to have a good time with friends not to enjoy the meal of a life time, let's just say when you leave you wont be blown away by the food but you wont be unhappy with it either, it's simple run of the mill pub fare and they don't try to make it anything else.One last thing you might want to keep in mind is that they do accept credit cards but not debit cards so make sure you have either cash or credit on you. I never do and always end up having to run to the ATM across the street.
2	There are not many option for the West Island of Montreal for pubs ( unfortunately) We have not dined downstairs at the bakery, so this rating is refelctive of the the pub upstairs. Beer on tap is OK along with the food however the layout of the pub is terrible. Major portion of the pub is taken up with a dual stairway that is lit up like an operating room. Once upstairs the high stools and tables associated near the pub area are too large hence room is restrictive to move around the area. A line of stools circle the top of the stairs, facing a TV however the lighting from the stairway takes all the atmosphere out of the place. Some initial planning did not take place when the upstairs was designed. Only way to imporve is to gut the upstairs and bring someone in that knows how to lay out a floor plan. We will stop by for a beer now and again but more by default than really wanting to go.
2	This review is for the downstairs area. The portions are large, prices are okay, and their service is bad. I know for a long time they didn't accept debit cards which can cause issues!! Must say though, the carrot cake here could be the best I've ever had. The bakery side just needs to be a bit more well-attended, as sometimes I've found myself waiting there for a while, trying to flag down people!
2	Best local bar in Beaconsfield (not that there are many I guess). There are better pubs in the West Island but it is a decent get-together place. The layout of that pub is pretty horrible as the stairway takes HALF OF THE PUB (which is actually a huge 2-floor place). The prices are pub-standard and nothing to die for. Beer is a decent 15$ a pitcher although there isn't much selection. The meals are acceptable and so are the prices for the food. Nothing fantastic.The waiters and waitresses are pretty friendly. They forgot my Heineken which I waited for about an hour. The waiter (I think his name was James?) was very apologetic and wanted to give me a free beer. Assuming it came out of his salary, I refused and just told him that I wished to get my beverage. His face illuminated with a new ray of hope (which concluded my previous hypothesis) and he seemed happier to serve us all night long.There is NO security. Me and my friends had a drunk sit at our table telling me how he could "beat the shit out of me" and he'd "Fuck him but not me". (wtf?)The staff didn't do ANYTHING about the guy which pissed me off but I didn't want to hit a drunk in the face. We've all been drunk before, we've all done/said things we weren't proud of but that guy was obnoxious. His friends apologized and that was the end of it.tl;dr Average pub with nothing fantastic or memorable.
4	They have great food, many beers, friendly staff, and homemade bread.
