2	This place is kind of a dive, with the food to match.  It wasn't horrible, but definitely not the best.  The saving grace for it was the people.  I wonder why it is that the small little places like this that you never really notice have the friendliest employees.  Everyone was super nice and I never had to ask for anything because the waitress took care of it.  It was a pleasant experience, but I probably won't be seeking this place out.
4	I signed up to Yelp just to rate Maria's Grill.  I saw another post that didn't give Maria's the credit it deserves.  Maria's has a wide variety of menu items and also has daily specials.  The owner, Maria, is usually always there at the front to welcome customers in.  We usually eat here several times a month and never leave unhappy!
4	Took the boys out for breakfast and enjoyed my time. Great people who talked to my boys more than me. Always there with the coffee and a smile. Only reason not five stars because of the rolling chairs. Little tricky for a 5 and 4 yr old.
2	First off, can you please clean the windows!! i mean damm the staff is sweet but can you take PRIDE! In your bussiness? the decor is nothing but silly, i mean old tractor trailers above the doorway that havent been cleaned in YEARS! I have eaten in alot of hole in the wall places all over but i mean the first thing that turns me off is dirty place were you expect me to eat.  it also needs a extreme makeover.but the food is good! lol Maria its time to step your game up!
3	Cool spot....cheap good food CIAA babby
4	A nice diner.  Nothing more, but nothing less.  There is nothing fancy about this place so temper your expectations.  But that isn't to say it isn't good.  The place is clean, the staff is friendly, the food arrives quickly, hot, and tasty.  The prices match the quality of food and that is fine.  Places don't have to be extravagant to be good in my book.  I would definitely recommend the place for a quick breakfast, or a casual lunch with many options.  Just don't expect anything to blow you away.  But for the price of the menu items that is fine by me.
2	Meat and two place. Pretty decent food. Great service. Divey.
4	A damn good breakfast, is exactly what this place has. Makes you think your in the country of NC somewhere even though your right here in Charlotte. The breakfast can rival any Ihop, Waflle House, Cracker barrel etc.
4	Came in for lunch today, and the service was good, but the food was better! I had the buffalo chicken tenders as my meal, and the sauce wasn't your typical buffalo sauce. It had a more hot saucy taste than buffalo; it's delicious! The inside is nicely decorated, an isn't very dated. Even better, the place is VERY clean! There is a nice atmosphere and pleasant employees.
4	Great diner, reminds me of New York! Food is good and great portions... The service is always great... Anyone looking for a diner style place, this is the place.
4	Maria's reminds me of grandmas.  It's not contemporary at all but to me that just added to the southern comfort with the food to come!  Went here for breakfast/lunch after church and left pretty full!  The staff was very nice and informative, considering I was so indecisive about what I wanted to eat.  The menu is so lengthy, I had a hard time choosing.  I eventually went with the three meat omelet with grits and biscuits and I was very pleased with my choice.  The prices were also pretty hard to beat!  You definitely get a lot of food for the money!  I'd go back again and again to try the different items on their menu!  I'm a fan!
