4	If you're from one of those few places that lack Krispy Kreme (pls come back to Phoenix)...and is especially craving that special "HOT NOW" original glaze (oooh yum) experience.... then this is an easy access spot right off the Freemont Street ExperienceBe careful though that just because the "HOT NOW" light is on, it doesn't mean that the donut line is running...you gotta check the window to see if the machines are actually running
3	This is a very convenient location, located right along the Fremont Experience. It was great to be able to get a warm donut with that yummy glaze really early in the morning. For such a small location, they have a pretty good selection of donuts.   The worker was not too friendly or helpful when I asked about the donuts. ^_^*~
5	Krispy Kreme!!! Location is perfect when we are staying in the downtown area. Pretty good selection, heck everything is good. Cant go wrong with whatever you pick. Service is good.
4	As a fellow Canadian that can't get his hand on Krispy Kreme all the time, I was excited to find out that they had one near the Golden Nugget where we were staying. The service was good, and we were greeted within 5 seconds of entering the door. I dealt with a variety of staff and overall most of them were friendly.I went back here three times, I wouldn't recommend getting the donuts here after 9pm as the donuts were starting to get dry. But if you go earlier on in the day, they are amazingly mouth watering. The bonus is this, if you need Wi-fi for free. This place has got it. That's the only reason why I was able to check in.
3	Here in Utah, it's hard to find a Krispy Kreme. While we were staying at The Golden Nugget, I insisted on coming here. I was kind of disappointed! There were hardly any flavor options, and the donut I had didn't knock my socks off. I'm not a huge donut fan, but still! The next day we stopped by Dunkin' Donuts, and I must say that Krispy Kreme is much much better! America most certainly does NOT run on Dunkin'.
3	As I shuffled up to the counter, my eyes heavy from a night of drunken abandon, I noticed the guy working the counter at Krispy Kreme looked like 1990s Minnesota Twins baseball player Jeff Reboulet. I wanted to order his mustache but I realized it wasn't on the menu, so I investigated what pastries I could eat instead. I was so hungry that I felt compelled to order more doughnuts than I needed. "Give me 18 dozen old fashioned doughnuts, a cow that I can milk in my hotel room, and a Do Not Disturb sign" is what I wanted to say. Sadly, my command over the English language was still picking itself off the floor of a bar somewhere, so I did the best I could to express myself. What I actually ended up saying was, "Heeeeeey, gonna order some food now 'n stuff." I probably sounded like Spicoli after a lobotomy. Jeff Reboulet was not having my staccato sentence structure and told me with his steely old baseball player eyes to order, and order fast. Dude looked miserable, downtrodden, cantankerous that day, so I obliged. This Krispy Kreme has the tepid freshness of an airport doughnut shop. The donuts aren't super moist or entirely satisfactory, but when you're on Fremont Street all you want is some quick sugar to jump start your villainy. Go forth, young man, and discover mediocrity!
5	Best donuts ever!
5	WHAT?  How on earth could this location be closed?!?  This is a staple whenever we visit Fremont street in vegas!  From the glow of the neon lights, this place is everything Vegas to me. I've actually only ever eaten their namesake Krispy Kreme donut, but that's quite heavenly enough for me.I hope when I come back to Fremont street that I'll find them opened up in another spot on the block!
