5	The tires on my nearly new van were getting low and I had no problem taking it in here to have them checked and filled even though the tires didn't come from them.  Then, when I was getting ready to drive home to San Diego with a van full of stuff making it extra heavy, I stopped by here on the way out of town and they very nicely checked all my tires again to make sure everything was at the right pressure before the long drive, making me feel much more confident when I set out.  They fix flats for free if they're fixable even it the tires didn't come from them, too!  Great place!
5	The other day at 11:30am I got a call at work informing me my car has a flat tire.  Bummer!  After I convinced a manly coworker to come out and help me change it, I was off to the Discount Tire closest to my house.  I didn't make an appointment, had a quick wait in line at 1pm, and then left my car in their hands.  Several hours l called to find out if my car was ready and what I owed.  The man I talked to let me know that the tire was unable to be fixed, but because I bought tires from them several years ago it was under warranty and I would be getting a new tire.  Total:  $31.00.  Peace of mind:  Priceless.Another plus - my fiance had to be at work early, so he dropped me off at Discount Tire at 7:30am the next morning to wait until they opened at 8am so I could pick my car up.  When I arrived, they opened the doors earlier to help me get on my way!  Oh!  And my car was stored in the garage over night.  I will never bring my tire troubles anywhere else!
1	Watch for up-sell, especially the grey-haired, tall guy who announces "I'm not trying to up-sell you".Having called first and being assured the tire was in stock and could be changed if we arrived before 6pm, we drove in on the doughnut at 5:45pm; the doughnut being a desperation flag, especially near 6:00 pm..  It probably doesn't help that my daughter drives an Acura, like maybe money doesn't matter to anyone that can afford an expensive car.The bottom line is the grey-haired, tall, old-guy  wouldn't (nay, "could not")  sell just one tire.  He said we had to buy two Michelins because of "matching tread-wear tolerances" and "corporate directives" about "potential  liability" for brand mismatches.  He wouldn't even consider matching to the other Discount-bought, month-old tire with only about 500 miles on it.  What a crock!   We went to the nearby  Wal-Mart (open until 8:00 pm) instead...we were, in fact, desperate....but not stupid.I have been a loyal Discount customer for 40 years, when it opened its first Scottsdale store.   They have kept the free air-check and free flat-fix policy, having now grown into the world's largest independent tire and wheel retailer.My local Scottsdale Rd. at Oak store has always treated me right, I think.  Frankly I have so grown to trust Discount that I haven't for decades even considered a tire purchase elsewhere.  This experience at 1677 W Chandler Blvd, Chandler gives me pause to reconsider.  I will comparison shop next time. Avoid the shop in the associated photo... maybe try the one at 6205 W Chandler Blvd, or my regular at Scottsdale Rd and Oak.  But, frankly, I can no longer recommend Discount, without hesitation, ever again. The old, grey-haired, tall guy in Chandler has shaken, but perhaps not severed, my 40-year trust and loyalty.  I guarantee that neither I nor my family will ever shop that particular Chandler store again, even should they fire that sleazy geezer.
5	See my other review of Firestone. Brought my supposedly unrepairable tire here for a nail. They had me patched and out the door no charge in 10 minutes. Top Notch! They did try to up sell, but thats what businesses do. I had a great experience here.
5	I noticed my front left tire was low and I was worried I had gotten a nail in it or some other nasty bit so I looked up my nearest Discount Tire and off we went.  It was Saturday afternoon around 3pm and they were busy, mostly people coming in to pick up their cars.  I waited about 10 mins, all the while the young men behind the counter assured me that someone would be with me in just a few minutes.  I was in no hurry so that was fine.  When it was my turn I was greeted with a friendly smile and asked how he could help.  I explained and we went outside to take a look.  He said they would check it and also rotate my tires for me since it looked to be about time.  Great!  He said it would be about an hour....ok, I brought my eReader and Claire had her Nintendo, we were good.  In about 45 minutes they called me and everything was done and ready to go....no charge!!!  WHAT???  It didn't cost me anything!!   They checked my tires and didn't find anything, rotated them and put air in all of them for free!!!  And all I had to do was wait for 45 mins!!!  Thank you Discount Tires!!
4	Recently, I have become less than completely pleased with Discount Tire.  Although we are religious in our purchase of the best warranty they offer, it always seems like there is some reason why "this time" the warranty can not cover something and we have to pay more.  In fact, my frustration at this was at a high enough level, that I had a scathing speech prepared ahead of time on my latest visit.I took in a $140 tire, that had blown out the sidewall, probably from a pothole or some other road hazard.  The guy looked at it, pulled up my record, and took the tire out to the shop area.  Upon his return. he rang up the new tire, and said..."That will be $140."  I was stunned.  Speech forgotten, I looked him in the eye (my murderous intent plainly visible yet unspoken), and said "Your not going to give me any credit at all on the warranty for that tire?"  Evidently able to read my unspoken intentions, he said he would take another look, and headed back out to the shop.  Upon his return, he adjusted the sale on the screen, and said "That will be $16 for the warranty on the new tire."Sweet.  So he gave me full credit on the old tire, and I paid only for the warranty for the new tire.Thanks Discount Tire, you have earned yet another chance.
5	Including last night after they closed!!!  three times they have repaired a nail in my tire for free! All they ask is that I come to them when I need tires. I will.
5	I've been purchasing my tires from here for years. I just got a flat tire today, had my car towed to Discount Tire, and they replaced it for free. All I had to pay was $22 for the new warranty on the new tire. Everyone there is so accommodating and I would recommend anyone to go there!
4	Have been purchasing from Discount Tires for the last 3 years. I love that I can come in for free and have my tires inflated and rotated when needed. I was a little disgruntled last time to be told I needed a new tire so soon after buying my last 4. I always get my tires fixed for free and covered under warranty which has been a great help. I went in today and got 2 tires replaced and out in less than an hour.  Only bad thing is they do not do wheel alignments. Otherwise, would have given them 5 stars.
3	I really dislike waiting for 2 hours just to have tires rotated when I called just before I left the house and was told I would be out of there in 45 min.  Just be honeset and tell me I am going to waste two hours of my life sitting there with a poor magazine selection.  While there are a lot of "men's" magazines....there were only two for women, one of which was a year old and in terrible condition.  I don't mind waiting if I have something to read or watch.  The service is pretty good otherwise.  Just please be honest with the wait time!!
5	Had a bad experience at Pep Boys, so went straight to Discount Tire. Josh greeted me when I entered. I needed my TMPS sensors reprogrammed because Pep Boys didn't do the job right. Pep Boys wanted $40 for the job. Josh told me he would meet me at my car. He brought a portable device and reprogrammed them in less than 2 minutes. He put air in my tires and told me I was all set. And all this great service for FREE! I made a mistake going to Pep Boys. Discount Tires only for me in the future. Thanks for a wonderful experience.
5	Okay...so you can now schedule an appointment online!!! It makes the wait much more painless :)
5	I needed new tires & 2 months later my husband. Both experiences the staff went out of their way to either get it done on time or make it work price wise! I have always used them for my tire needs and we travel for jobs so we need them a lot,
1	Discount Tirade,                   I used to love these guys, but they've gone off the deep end. I went in there to get a couple of tires and asked them to put them on the front, and take the front tires which were more worn and put them on the back. They refused and stated that their new corporate policy was to put them on the back. They cited a BS study which I could not find that says the car will handle better with the tires on the back. The car handled like a Yugo on Quaaludes after the tires were put on, which is quite a feat considering it's a Lexus SC-430.               They also under inflated the tires (all four) afterward, which caused the tire pressure warning light to come on after I pulled out. I didn't know why until I got home and saw the inflation for the tires was less than 30 psi for all four tires. These are high pressure tires that have a max pressure rating of 51 psi. Strike two.                    To add insult to injury, they had lost/replaced/eaten the chrome valve covers with cheap black plastic covers that I had not noticed until I was checking the tire pressure. Without even telling me. Strike three.                I rotated the tires myself, and to add more insult to injury smashed and broke my right ring finger as a tire came off the axle. OK, I'm clumsy, but if the people that I had paid to do it had put the new tires on the front like they should have it would have never happened. So now I have a new crook in my finger to remind me not to shop here again so my car wouldn't handle like a pregnant water buffalo that had been hamstrung by a group of rabid hyenas. Which is a pretty good description of both the people that worked on my car at Discount Tire  and their moronic corporate HQ staff that made some of these policy decisions.
1	Sadly, I would NEVER go back to this shop or recommend anyone.  I was ready to go 500 miles to witness my first grandchild be born and knew I needed a new tire.  So, I ran over to this shop, and instead of getting one or maybe even two tires I was told I needed ALL FOUR replaced!  I was in shock, as my son is a certified mechanic, and was at work, so I didn't have time to have him verify, but he would have warned his mother of this, if needed.  I agreed to this, feeling like I had no choice, and asked them to put one of the tires, which still had plenty of tread as my spare.  After all was said and done, I had paid a ridiculous amount, extra fees added to my quote, felt completely preyed upon as a woman there alone, and my spare had NOT been replaced as I asked.  I had been completely ripped off.  When I got home, my son was furious, as he said there is NO way all four of those tires needed to be replaced.  As I was on my way to a celebration of my grandchild, I did not have the energy or time to spend going back to fight this negative situation - rather, I will make sure and NOT EVER go there again, nor refer anyone!  I have since found and used Joes' Tires in Chandler, and they have been honest, reasonable and awesome to deal with EVERY time!! Sad, that a single mother, can't trust a nationally known tire shop.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place.I came in with a flat, and knew that I was going to be needing new tires soon. One tires was flat and non-fixable, the other was completely bald and needed to go. I was given amazing service from Chuck, and got a great price on my two new tires. They were put on quickly, had my tires rotated, and I was out before I knew it. The prices were awesome. I had a separate problem they couldn't fix, they were honest about it, and referred me to a great place.They listened to what I needed and what my concerns were, and I have to say I've never had better customer service from ANYWHERE in my entire life. I was a lone woman trying to get her tires fixed, and I definitely don't feel like I was preyed upon or sold up on anything. If anything, they bent over backward to help me get something that was in my price range. I would recommend them to anyone. They are professional, patient, and knowledgeable--and also flexible, They try their utmost to meet your needs and wants. AMAZING. Go here.
2	I have lived in the valley for 25 years. I bought tires from "Discount" tire for 20 of those years. I tried and tried to buy more tires, but they wouldn't let me. They, meaning the employees of several different Discount tire locations, over a period of about a year, decided it would be more fun to quote me ridiculously high prices. Maybe the sheer joy of watching the facial expressions of normal people with common sense is more valuable to them than actually selling some tires. When I say I bought tires from them, I mean a lot of tires. I have had at least 4 or 5 vehicles in my family for many years, including 2 Church vans, 2 work trucks, (each was a dually 1 ton.) Suburbans, pick ups, 55 Chevy, Mustang, Camaro, etc. etc. I recently tried to buy tires for my daughters Mustang. I went to Discount. It has been years. After being quoted much more than $800. for 4 tires without the road hazard, I left. I went to Tire Experts at  49th Avenue and Colter and bought the same four tires for over $100. less. I recently met a female friend of mine at the Discount Tire on west Chandler Blvd., not far from the mall. She is a dedicated Discount tire customer, and needed only one tire. A gray haired salesman with a booming voice took her information for a 15" tire for a Hyundai, promptly began typing in the computer, kept typing, kept typing, then proudly announced that the total would be $195. I advised my friend to go elsewhere, that $195. for a 15" tire is a rip off. The gray haired salesman raised his voice to me and let me know that he was properly offended, and that the price was fair. My friend bought the $195 tire.She has since bought another tire and a rim, to replace the stow away spare in her Hyundai, on the advice of a Discount tire salesman. If you read the Discount tire reviews on this site, or any other, please note that at least 85% of the highly favorable reviews are by women. I was very glad to see one review here, by a woman, who knew that she had been ripped off. One infallible piece of advice for everybody, male or female. If you have the luxury of time, PLEASE compare other tire shops. If they tell you at Discount that if you find a better price, the'll match it, ask yourself why wouldn't you just buy tires from the shop that gave you a better deal? Yes, this a lot of typing. Remember, gasoline is not worth $3.75 a gallon and tires are not worth $200. each. By the way, wherever you buy tires, PLEASE don't let anyone put  Chinese tires on your car, you know, the car your family rides in.
4	Good place in my experience.
5	My husband and I were in town visiting my in laws and on the I10 our back tire blew. i called discount and assistant manager Justin answered and was extremely nice and helpful. The next day my husband and I were able to get 4 new tires on and Justin even put a new spare on our rim for us free or charge since the previous one was so old. The management team at this discount tire is beyond exemplary. Justin went above and beyond to make sure we were able to get back home to San Diego safely. I will recommend anyone to this store if you are ever in the need for great service.
5	I have been here on 2 separate occasions and both went well. Great customer service and they honer their appointments. They worked a miracle the last time I went and figured out and fixed a issue I had from a previous automotive shop. 2 Thumbs up!
3	They want to sell tire instead of repairing it. My tire is repairable but they don't want to do it and they had a hard time explaining why it is not repairable.
5	I have alway purchased my tires at Discount Tire. I recently bought a new car and yesterday I got a screw in one of them. I took it to Discount today and because I have a history with them they fixed it for free. This among there honesty and Fairness they have always shown me is why I will never go any where else! Thank you Discount for your continued Excellent service!!
5	Great place and awesome service. Mike helped me out and gave me an awesome deal. Definitely coming back for an alignment and future purchases. I unfortunately had a non repairable tire because of a 6 inch nail on the side wall of the tire. They replaced it with a new one and mounted it for a reasonable price. Best place to go. Next set of rims I purchase will receive  all new tires from this location for sure.
5	What can you say about a place that when you show up 5 minutes to closing and they are willing to stay late and help you out?  Mike helped me here and he was very knowledgable and helpful.  I had to replace two rims which I had purchased elsewhere, but he didn't mind, he put on two new tires on the rims.  I will be going back to this location next time I need tires.  Helpful and friendly all the time!
5	What great service! All the guys were friendly as can be.. even to the grumpy customers.  Not even sure why try we're grumpy as it seems they were getting the service they were promised.  It's not the fault of Discount Tire you got a flat.  Anyway, they fixed my slow leak and didn't try to sell me tires before I needed them.  I will definitely come here when I do need them.  A+ here.  Oh yeah...I had a line of 10 people at the door in front of me and they got my information and looked at my tire in less than 10 minutes and promised work to be complete on 1 hour.
5	I LOVE this company. Had an issue with a tire five years ago on a trailer while on a road trip. They ordered one for me and we had it the same day...amazing. Fast forward to this year,. I went to my car dealership for service and asked them to check my tire because I had a slow leak. They stated I had nail in the tire and I would need to buy all new tires because I couldn't just get one....surprise, surprise. I went to discount tire to ask them. They pulled my information up from my original issue five years earler and proceeded to fix my tire free of charge! Sweet! We have since bought set of four tires for my husband and a new tire for my son's car. Will never go elsewhere for tires!
5	Superb customer service. Chuck, the manager, spent almost an hour helping me out on 2 different visits. He was very thorough and professional, beat the Costco pricing even though they were running a promotion. He also bought my old rims for a decent price.The install was done flawlessly. Alex was very detail oriented and checked to make sure the wheels and tires fit as expected. The car was lowered all the way down after one wheel with the tire on it was installed on the front. They then proceeded to turn it all the way in both directions to make sure it is a good fit. Alex shined the tires at the end and knew the name of the product when I asked him. It is what I use now.The car was ready within the specified amount of time. Jordan accommodated my request to see the rims and tires prior to the install to make sure we are all on the same page. He was very patient and genuinely eager to help and at the end said: Thank you for letting us do this for you.This was my 1st time ever at any Discount tire. Awesome service, great deal, happy customer here. Thank you guys!
3	I love me some discount tire!  I've been a customer since 1992. That's like 22 years, nine or twelve vehicles, and about 47 tires. BUT, upon my last visit, I was greatly disappointed. Chuck, the man's name, chucked me to the curb on a tire rotation saying my front tires were too bald. Thankfully he had a full head of hair, but I have to disagree with his assessment. Used to be discount tire would bend over backwards no matter how insane their customers are. Chuck, wherever you are, if I have to pay for new tires upon returning my leased vehicle next month, you're a goner. :-)))
5	I love Discount Tire! I needed a rotation and tire balancing, so I made an appointment one afternoon. It was very busy so one salesperson apologized for the delay and said they would be with me as quick as they coulld.  After a few minutes, I was being helped and was told it would take about 45 minutes.  It actually only took 30 minutes and I was out the door.  The work was done right the first time.  I will only buy tires from Discount Tire.  They are awesome!
1	If you want to deal with terrible customer service, then this place is it for you. Came in and wanted pricing for new tires and the representative Kyle who was helping  me appeared to not be hitting his quota for the month. He initially tried to tell me that his suggestions were "customer needs based" but he was FAR from that. He was pressuring his sales and using jargon that was beyond my ability to comprehend. I can also recognize he tried to use scare tactics to seem intimidating and to pressure me into the product. All I wanted was a pricing comparison between two tire sizes, and he was inconsistent with his pricing and answers every time I asked him the SAME question. He also tried to tack on new wheels in the pricing when I didn't even need new ones!! To sum it all up, the principal behind these dirty car salesmen is to not cater to your needs. You are another number in order to meet their incentive compensation and to increase commission. Not going here ever again!!!!!
1	Update 1 1/2 years later. Both tires I bought from these guys blew out on the road after developing bubbles in them. I am writing this from a tire shop in El Centro waiting for a tire. Thanks Discount Tire
5	Been a customer since 1999. Today I came in for a rotation and balance. I was told it would be $40 because they are factory tires not from discount. I told the salesman Kyle I thought it was $30. He told me he could do $30. This is why I have been a customer for so long.
4	Always a little busy when you go to discount. It's Saturday so you can't expect uber fast service. However I fully expected them to upsell me on buying two new tires but they didn't. They gave me several options which I very much appreciated. So they held pretty close to their time quote and impressed me by not trying to get me to buy more than I needed to. This will go a long way with me coming back to this location when I buy new rims and tires in the near future.
5	So get this: I'm driving to work, and a big wooden pallet falls off of some idiots pickup truck, and smashes on the highway and splinters everywhere, and me and like, 800 other cars drive through it, because you're going 70 miles an hour, so what are you going to do?Well, 5 minutes later, "LOW PRESSURE" flashes across my dash, because of course I have a piece of wood jammed through one of my tires.This place is just down the street from where I work, so I stop in, and they tell me they'll take a look at it.  I sit on a nice little bench outside while I wait (because it's a nice day, because it's Phoenix, and it's a nice day every day), and like, 40 minutes later, they pull my car up, hand me my keys, and tell me it's fixed and thanks for coming in.  No charge or anything.So moral of the story: Secure the stuff in the back of your truck, and go to Discount Tire because they're awesome, and I'll be buying my tires here in the future.
4	This was my first time purchasing tires from Discount. I've needed tires for months and finally had time to get quotes from different places. Discount said they would beat any competitor's price and they followed through on that promise. They beat the quote I had from Costco and had the tires installed in less than an hour. I was pleased with the no hassle salesman and would definitely purchase tires here again. I highly recommend this location!
5	Excellent customer service! My dad has been buying tires here for years, and after a nail ripped a hole in my tire, he told me I could bring my car in and they'd fix it for free. I did bring it in, and they not only removed the nail and patched the tire but checked the air and filled up one of my other tires, all for free and with a smile. I was in and out in record time. Thanks guys!
