4	I'm sad my sales girl left, I'm bitter she didn't even tell me. I had to find out from a fellow co worker of hers. None the less I have always been attended well, Lindsay was always great and on point. I haven't shopped since she left and I don't think I will again due to her lack of professionalism. Great merchandise, always clean, and awesome service.
3	I am giving this place 3 starts because I have had mixed experiences shopping here.First off. the store divided into two parts, men upstairs and women downstairs.  The ladies selection is decent (not huge), but has a good variety.  They have a good amount of shoe selection and a few hand bags.  Overall, good variety and amount.The service has been inconsistent, the last time I was there, I bought a pair of shoes, and had great help from the sales the lady.  Previously, I had gone in with a friend and she wanted to get a jacket.  She was in between two sizes and wanted to know if the larger of the two could be tailored.  She asked to speak with the in house tailor to see if it could be done.  At this point the sales lady, got  a bit bitchy and did not want to help.  She was rude and asked "what is your problem" to my friend and complained about having to get a tailor.  My friend gave up because of poor service.In regards to the above, the jacket was on sale for $700, so it was reduced but not cheap.  And my friend is a local.  I'm sorry but it is better to have a consistent local shopper rather than a tourist who comes to the store once a year.  I will still shop here, but I won't expect much out of the sales associates.
5	This is how a high end store should be. The service here is top notch and the cloths are trendy and unlike cloths you will find by other designers. Want to stand out at a party this is the place to shop. The store is nicely laid out and the racks aren't overly packed with cloths. If you find something you like here you will have to ask to see it in your size as they don't put all the sizes out on the racks. All and all a great place to shop if you want to be fashion forward.
5	I worked for this company and fell in love with the brand. Expensive, of course! If you have a problem with the prices, don't shop in a high-end shop.
