4	We were on a mission to find Egg Works but the one on West Flamingo, were driving around aimlessly and low and behold we run right into this one. We had tried the Egg and I so we said lets see what the sister location has to offer. Happy to say the same great food and menu as Egg and I. This location is newer and has a different look and feel. The thing that stands out immediately are the 7+ plasma screens throughout the restaurant. The service here was quick and efficient. They also had the same wonderful banana nut muffin. This time we decided to try the country benny and the works skillet. Both items were great and plentiful. There are so many items on the menu, a bit overwhelming. This location is a hop skip and a jump from the airport runway, they are in a strip mall right next to a Wells Fargo bank. I'm still not a fan of their potatoes, it would be great if they offered hash browns too. I do recommend this place to anyone who wants to get away from casino fare and wants a hearty breakfast with great service.
4	I had my farewell breakfast with my guests here this morning and it is now after 5 and I am still full - still can't eat the delicious lunch I brought to work - and this is not really a bad thing!I have eaten here twice - the location is good, service is very good.  The hostesses were so friendly!  The first time I went, I had the fiesta skillet..sooo much food.Today I had the Works Veggie Benny...I am so grateful to our waitress who told me I could get a half or a full order.  I got the half...and I am still full like 7 hours later!  It was a beautiful English muffin with grilled tomato, fresh spinach and avocado plus a poached egg and hollandaise.  It came with a huge side of super hot, wonderfully seasoned breakfast potatoes...no grease or mush or anything - crispy and yummy!My guests had pancakes and scrambled eggs - a plain short stack was enough for 3 people and the eggs were cooked perfectly.  Drinks were refilled and the waitress left the entire pitcher of coffee on the table for our one coffee drinker!This is a fun place to go with a group - and they weren't busy on a random Wednesday around 9 AM.  I am soooo full from my half order but I would definitely return!
4	Yuuuum!  A friend brought me here for breakfast and I loved it.  I love breakfast foods and it's nice to go to different places other than IHOP and places like that.  I had the chorizo scramble or something like that and it was delish!  My bf had the corned beef hash and it's REAL corned beef!  Not the canned kind!  Haha.  Oh and they have really really yummy banana nut bread that comes w/ the meals.
2	My wife rdered the blueberry pancakes which were old fashion and way too dense.  I fared only a modestly better with my easy over eggs, work potatoes and banana nut muffin.  I feel the food is overpriced in relation to quality though I eased my pain by using a printable 2/1 coupon found on the R-J website
3	my office is right up the street from this place, and i have gone on many occasions, BUT   only because there isnt much for breakfast in the area (unless you mant mcdonalds)  the food is pretty much large plates of un-inspired breakfast fare, run of the mill flavorless omeletts, biscuits and gravy and scramble plates.  the only redeeming thing about the place is they give you a pot of coffee that you can attend to your self, because the servers are too busy talking among themselves to take care of the customers!!!i wish there was something in that area that was better!!!
5	Our family LOVES Egg Works.  We come here about 3 times a month, always Sunday mornings.  The food is always good and hot, and our order is never screwed up.   The staff is nice.  The service is fast.  The prices are decent and the portions are big.We've even had 2 small private parties here- my baby shower, and my sister-in-laws graduation party.  The price was great and so was the service.  Definitely a place to try if you haven't already.
5	AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME food! After picking up our pup from a doggy hotel near the airport, we considered driving way back to "The Egg & I" for breakfast one more time.  By PURE LUCK, we saw a sign for "Egg Works", stumbled in and discovered that it was the SAME COMPANY. Here's all you need to know:1. No wait on a holiday Monday.2. I am an eggs benedict officianado, and theirs was MAGNIFICENT.  The eggs benedict was probably the best I've ever had, and the "ranch-style" potatoes that accompanied it were fantastic as well.3. The prices were very reasonable.100% Guaranteed that I will come back to this place next time I'm in Vegas (unless we opt for the sister establishment The Egg & I which was equally good).
5	When it comes to early morning breakfast joints in Las Vegas..... nothing beats Egg Works 2! Generally this place is always packed from 830AM until about..... well later then I usually get there but it is well worth the wait. They have the only home fries in town that they put just the right amount of seasoning on and are just the right texture to line the lower portion of your plate with when you order a skillet and pile it high will all sorts of artery clogging goodness. My one tip is... get there as early as possible, especially on weekend as this place get packed.
3	I dont know about you but i feel a bit uncomfortable when i have to walk around the restaurant aimlessly searching for somebody to take my take out order. Yesterday i was actually hungry for lunch which doesnt happen too often and without the help of Yelp (stupid me) i just drove till something caught my eye. "Egg Works" sure why not everybody talks this place up so ill give it a whirl. I walked in asked the hostess if i could place a to go order, she said go back there and just kinda pointed toward the rear of the place, walking back there a tiny waitress made eye contact and i thought great somebody to help me when i asked about a to go order she ignored me and walk away, i got to the back counter where i was surrounded by 4 additional waitresses when i mentioned a to go order i again was ignored.... really? It wasnt till a few minutes later yet another waitress came by to take my order as i was lost till then... why couldnt somebody be just slightly friendly. I asked the waitress about the salads and just had her pick her favorite, "The Cobb" is what she came up with and served it with balsamic which i was fine with. Even came with the famed muffin on the side which was tasty as 5hit, and even still warm. My salad was to say the least HUGE, i felt like Adam from man versus food and food lost because i have to share the salad with a co worker to finish it. Chunks of turkey, ham, bacon, egg, avocado, etc, etc it was well put together and fresh. At $10 for the salad and muffin its not too bad as it really serves two people. Overall will i be back? En not till i figure out what else is in the surrounding area as the service just killed it for me. Thats half the meal for me.
4	Recommendations? I can do that (actually, it's what our server recommended):1) EGG-CEPTIONAL OMELETTES: I'd recommend the Mashed Potato Omelette (a bacon omelette stuffed with garlic mashed potatoes, then topped with melted cheddar and jack cheese, green onions and adollop of sour cream. it was great. (order a side of salsa to make it more unique)2) FRENCH TOAST: Three pieces of Texas toast or four pieces of Cinnamon Raisin toast dipped in homemade batter and grilled golden brown, then dusted with powdered sugar. It is served with Works apples,and warm syrup.3) CORN BEEF HASH topped with two eggs any style and served with Works potatoes, and your choice of toast or banana nut muffin.*The Work's potatoes were tasty and the banana nut muffin was a real treat!
5	When in Vegas for business or pleasure, I always stop here for breakfast at least once during my stay. As mentioned everywhere, the banana nut muffin is super tasty. The service has always been great, with special mention going to the happy egg / sad egg sign. The sign is cute, but what really deserves mentioning is the fact that if you flip this baby to sad egg, you will get help from whoever on the staff sees this. Any other place, and you are going to have to wait for YOUR server to come around....not so at Egg Works! I have been assisted by other servers, the manager, and even the hostess has stopped to help when they see that I am needing assistance. This is a huge plus for me. I love the team mentality. The menu is huge. The variety of choices is amazing. I have yet to order the same thing twice, intent on broadening my horizons each time I visit. The burgers are good too, and yes, have one for breakfast!
5	Who would have thought a place named Egg Works would have tasted so good. I came here because my dad kept telling me to try this place out, since we were always in the area.Anyways, we went there about 10am and the place was packed! We had to wait for a table that seated 4adults and 1 child, which was about 25mins but that was okay, we had plenty of time to chill outside. We were finally called in and the waitress was pleasant. My bf and I, were still thinking of what to order while dad and cousin already knew what to get. We decided to just share a plate that had fresh corned beef, option of getting that or the canned version (no thanks, fresh is always better), my dad got I believe the egg combo?? I could be wrong I forgot the name. He got a half serving because they have half servings there which is a plus because I don't eat much.As we were waiting, we seen this egg shape happy face at the end of table, my cousin explained to us that there are two faces, one sad and one happy. If you need service you would just flip the happy to the sad face and a waitress will come over. As he was showing us, I kid you not like 2secs later a waitress came by and ask if everything was okay. I was impressed but we just simply told her that we were just curious of what that was. Our food came, it was delicious! I tried some of my dads food and it was really great. I liked mine more because my Filipino side loves corn beef canned or not ha ha. My cousins daughter had a fresh banana muffin and of course we stole a piece from her when she wasn't looking because she will not let that go, and that was really tasty. Of course being such "tourist" we decided to take a pic of the egg and flipped it once again and 5secs later the waitress came up and asked what was wrong. Still so amazed on how quick she came again! The food here is great so try it out (it doesn't hurt to try right?) and the service was just as great. I like this place and would definitely come back again.
5	So I went to Egg Works for the first time on May 6th and have been craving it ever since!Since I was in the area of Egg Works 2 at 1:00pm, I decided to go for lunch!Again, soooo good!!  I had the exact same thing I had before: Fresh Veggie Omelet, house potatoes and the banana nut muffin.I swear, I could go again today.  I don't know what it is, but it is definitely good!!
3	Four stars for the food, 3.25 stars for the service:Food:  The potatoes have me dreaming for them at night.  That seasoning is delicious and it has just the right texture.  The first time I went here I had a crepe with avocado and pico.....I can't remember the name of it but it was delicious.Service:Hmm it was okay.  It could have been better considering that they have eggs on the table to show your server whether you need service or not.  I thought it was genius at first but then began to think of how impersonal it is.  I enjoy servers coming up to me randomly asking how everything is and my water magically re-appearing.  That's when you know your service is good.  The fact that they rely on the clients to passively flip a sign is kind of a turn-off.  Come and talk to me... I won't bite.
4	Saturday Morning came quick this week and boy did I want some breakfast, we decided to turn to yelp to figure out this dilemma and what I found was egg works.. We hopped in the car and headed to this joint. Upon arriving the parking lot was full and this is sometimes a good sign... If you think about it like a fisherman... If you follow all the birds you will find fish. Anyways, we walked in and were sat immediately, Now none of us out of the group had ever been there and the waitress informed us because it was our first time there they throw in free banana nut muffins which happen to be delicious. I then took some time to look over the newspaper... I mean menu and chose the country Benny. How do you go wrong with a biscuit covered in Eggs and country gravy.. Well a coronary is how you go wrong but the food was great. The food came out very fast. The waitress was crazy friendly and on top of all the drinks. I was extremely happy with this choice and will be back for sure!
5	Ahhh... I would like to thank my Yelp Mobile app for helping me find this breakfast joint. Wandering around the outskirts of the Strip, I found Egg Works 2 just a few miles away from where I was. A minute after we sat down, our drink order was taken and then shortly after we were greeted by our especially chipper waitress, Dolly, I think her name was. I asked her for a recommendation on the menu, and I'm glad I took it. She even mentioned that they did half orders on most items on the menu.They have a system set up to grab the staff's attention when you need something. You just flip an egg icon to reveal a yellow unhappy face. We never had to deal with that since everything was perfect. Our food came out FAST. The half order of the Chile Rellenos omelet was more than enough! It came with potatoes and a banana nut muffin. Everything was delicious. We even came back a second time during our visit to Las Vegas with my mother and brother in law! They thanked us for the recommendation.
5	This is one of my favorite breakfast places in Henderson. The food is really good and those breakfast potatoes are to die for!  Oh and I can't forget that banana nut muffin they serve that comes with certain dishes.  When they bring it to you, it's nice and warm and goes so well with your coffee!  My favorite new items on the menu are the Hawaiian breakfast dishes (spam with eggs and rice, Portuguese sausage, and I can't remember the other one; there are only 3). It's good food, inexpensive, and the waiters are really attentive.  What more can you ask for?
2	I ordered Food to go because I didn't have time for to fix Breakfast this morning. So I visited Egg Works. I found that Its a bit overpriced. Eggs, Pancakes, sausage, & waffles were average tasting.If you can spend time making them yourself at home, I encourage you to do so. Customer service was friendly.
4	This is one of my favorite breakfast spots in town. Everything I've tried here is delicious. You really can't go wrong. My favorite is the Bandito scramble: a mix of chorizo, jalapeno, and eggs, topped with sour cream and salsa.Here's what separates Egg Works from the rest of the pack:1. the potatoes.I prefer potatoes over hash browns 9/10 times. I don't know what kind of seasoning they put on these things, but like Terry P. said, they're like crack.2. coffee creamer.I don't know if this is available at other places, but here they offer flavored creamer to go with your cup o' joe. I really appreciate this because I like my coffee "girlie".3. the banana nut muffin.Warm. Delicious. And that muffin top... Just go have one. 'Nuff said.
4	Holy potatoes bat man!!!!My breakfast burrito was outstanding and the massive order of cubed potatoes was killer!  Word to the wise....taste b4 you salt. these babies are already salty and spicey ...just right! They offer an excellent brand of in-house hot sauce and a pretty solid salsa to accompany the burrito, etc. My guest had the corned beef hash and let me tell you, this was not your fathers canned hash. Homemade and very meaty, some of the best I have ever tasted. Fresh squeezed OJ and coffee by the carafe are nice side touches.Only problem is that much food that early in the day is a perfect recipe for a food comma and I had troubles getting anything done at work!The place is not cheap, but for this quality probably worth it. ALSO: you can find a coupon in just about any Vegas weekly publication like Las Vegas Weekly that gives you buy one/get one, up to a max value of  $8.00 off. That makes it all that much easier to swallow ;-)For all of you out there looking for the perfect Vegas morning breakfast cure to aide in your all night indulgence pains...this is the joint!I will be back!
4	Had lunch here...basically, huge, shareable portions of comfort food done well (with the exception of their sticky rice, which is more like a pasty mush).
3	Enjoyed Halloween morning breakfast here before work, what a fun time! All the waitresses were dressed in costume, the place was busy, and it was football Sunday.The service here seemed great, everyone we interacted with had a smile, other than our server. Maybe it was the sumo wrestling costume and makeup that was hiding her personality, but she was extremely pleasant and did her job well. The banana nut muffin I had was tasty, but lacked texture. I'm used to nuts in my banana nut muffins but none to be found here. Still a nice extra.I went for a California Crepe and failed miserably. I usually really enjoy bacon, swiss cheese, tomatoes, eggs, and guacamole so why not have them all at once? It was ok, but the ingredients are diced to almost unrecognizable size and the guacamole is bland and smooth. It came with some Hollandaise sauce which was lacking in flavor also. No lemon, just yellow stuff,  and who wants that? The breakfast potatoes were what I ate the most of, they were seasoned well and not greasy but also were probably just frozen. My breakfast companion ordered the Prime Rib Benny which looked fabulous. It is blackened Prime rib thats cut small served with spinach and bell peppers over a toasted crossaint and topped with two poached eggs and Hollandaise on the side. The toasted crossaint is great but with so many toppings, it falls apart. A much better meal than mine.I will return to Egg Works and make another attempt at the huge menu. It covers breakfast and lunch, including Hawaiian and Mexican inspired breakfasts, salads, seasonal items like pumpkin pancakes and carrot cake french toast.
3	Egg works is one of those packed for breakfast/brunch/lunch down home places that locals probably make a regular part of their weekends. I personally didn't really find there to be anything special about my meal which was a chorizo scramble. The chorizo was a little bland (shocking for the normally intense sausage it is) and my home fries were covered with so much seasoning a fan of salt such as myself couldn't really enjoy it.Finally you have to pay up front and if you want them to split your check prepare to be the asshole that holds up the whole line for like 15 minutes. me and my friends were those assholes but honestly get more than one register, you probably seat 70+ people at a time and you can afford it.
4	THE BEST BREAKFAST! any place that offers chili in a omellette...i am interested!  the portions are GINOURMOUS so ask for a half order if you are not starvin!  the service is quick and friendly, i am there 2-3 mornings a week! try the H U G E breakfast burrittos. yummy my fav!
5	I have been to this place numerous times and it has never disappointed.  It has become a must when my family members from out of town come to visit.  The service is a given considering the yellow/black egg.  The food is great!  I have had a number of their breakfast dishes and the Breakfast Tostada is by far the best!  The Chili Omelet is great as well.  Their seasoned potatoes are just plain delicious and they serve alcohol.  Beer for breakfast?  Indeed.  I used to live right down the street but have moved further away.  My wife and I still try to hit this place up at least once a month.  I have gone here after my bachelor party and after running the rock n' roll marathon and both times the food helped to ease my pain.
5	Amazing!!! Ordered the 'stuffed french toast' and the portions were extremely generous... 2 full french toasts slices, a half a plate of eggs, and a half a plate of the MOST AMAZING tater tots...Pretty much two plates of food since i asked for the french toast to be 'unstuffed'The potatoes were TO DIE FOR, and I would go back simply just for these potatoes....It's a lil bit pricey for me, ~$10 per order but the food is AMAZING
5	From the outside, I almost kept driving, but inside, I was greeted by smiling waitresses, pleasant country decor, and LOTS of flat screen tv's, and most of all, a unique and tasty selection of breakfast choices! A refreshing alternative to the stupid craziness in eating on the strip! You won't be dissapointed!
4	[Review is solely for the awesome chili cheeseburger I chased down and captured here]:When someone recommended Egg Works 2 as having one of the best cheeseburgers in town, I was dubious.  I mean, it's a breakfast place, right?  Who would ever order a burger when there are omelets and pancakes to be had?  But I went out on a limb and tried the Chili Cheeseburger that I was recommended.  Holy tastiness, Batman!  I almost licked the plate it was so good.For those of you that haven't indulged in the sloppy mess that is the chili cheeseburger, let me tell you that the meal lives and dies on the quality of the chili.  Under the smothering tomato-meat sauce of a good chili, the burger patty becomes mere textural background.  But given the right chili--an amazing chili--that's not a bad thing.  And Egg Works 2 rightly deserves praise for its chili--which is cooked Cincinnati style.  Cincinnati chili is a little different than what you're probably used to.  It's made with some unusual ingredients (cinnamon, cloves, allspice or chocolate) and you won't find many chili peppers or chili powder in the sauce.  I was a little skeptical when I found out about the lack of chilies, but it's good, really good.  The Cincinnati-specific spices make the chili so much richer that you really don't miss the heat.Order it with the works and you'll get gooey cheese and onions that make the burger a sloppy, brilliant mess.  The chili spills over the burger when you pick it up.  You'll need like 45 napkins.  But you won't care.  Man, it's a good burger.  I'd put it in the top 15 burgers in Vegas.  Why 15?  Well, I suspect there's nothing very interesting about the burger patty's taste under all that chili goodness.  But you won't even think of that while you're scooping every last bit of chili off the plate.
4	First and foremost......the BEST...... and I mean the BEST banana nut muffin I have ever had. Actually it was the BEST muffin I ever had.  When I took my first bite of it, I looked at my friend across the table and muttered, "oh fuck". I don't say those lovely words outside of the bedroom often but it was all I could say.   It was a heavenly experience. There was 3 of us so we shared the blueberry stuffed french toast that was on special and the green chili omelet the waitress recommended. The omelet was a tad too salty. If you know me, then you know things can hardly be too salty for my taste but it just wasn't that good. The stuffed french toast however was great. The blueberries were plump and the syrup wasn't too sweet. Love the chewy consistency of the bread. Not gross like some over the top stuffed french toast but a well balance of sweetness, moistness and loveliness ( Yes, I'm still talking about food)The waitress was great since we were virgins to this place and was so very helpful. The coffee was really good too.  The counter for paying was irritating though. The cashier is by the door so you get traffic coming in and going out.  Only 1 cashier and that can get really irritating especially when the place is busy.Overall....this is a great joint for breakfast and we will definitely be back on our trips out to Henderson/Vegas. It is worth the trip. :)
3	The banana nut muffin is absolutely delicious. :)
5	Neither Dana nor myself are breakfast people, but we love this place!I usually order the Bacon, Ham, and Sausage skillet...and it is simply amazing. There's enough food for two people, or at least two meals. Not enough can be said about how amazing the Ranch Potatoes are. I'm not exactly sure what they put on them, but they are AMAZING. The Seasoned Center Cut New York Steak is actually also pretty good as well, though not quite as satisfying as the aforementioned skillet.
5	After reading the reviews, I wish I would have tried the banana nut muffin! But alas, I didn't, and still had a very tasty breakfast. I had a fantastic skillet breakfast and my husband had his usual Cincy chili omelet. We love love love us some Cincinnati chili and they do it well here. The potatoes here are amazing. My skillet had a layer of potatoes, bacon, onion, over easy eggs and melted cheese ( I won't mention the 2000 calories my trainer figured it had - but hey...I only ate half of it!).It gets very busy, but the wait isn't that bad because they have a humongous staff. Also, there's a breakfast bar in the back if you're in a hurry and don't mind not having a table.
3	I love breakfast...EggWorks 2 took a fairly good stab at it.  I ordered The Benny, which is your standard Eggs Benedict and a side of their potatoes.Now, I don't expect a life changing experience for $9.50 but honestly, anyone could duplicate this for the same money or less.  The only serious chink in their armor was the coffee-bitter with a bleach after taste :o(BananaNut muffins were "not ready" didn't help!
4	10.15.10I love breakfast.  Greasy potatoes, cheese, eggs over easy, and giant cup of coffee.This place does it great.
3	What we had: sunrise mountain. Croissant topped with eggs and bacon and cheese. Yummy and artery clogging. The potatoes were spicy and flavorful. Stuffed French toast: delicious, sweet chewyCoffee: weak and bland. They had hazelnut and regular. Both suffered from weaknessService was quick and attentive. Jordan was nice and kind of cute if you care about such thingsAtmosphere is generic breakfast place. Lots of TVs to check out newsWould be 4 stars if not for the coffee. $28 including tip
5	Seriously obsessed with this place now. My boyfriend and I ate here this morning after wanting to try this place for forever! I got the mexican omelet and he got the chili omelet, with the works chili. All I can say is: YUM. First of all, these are not normal omelets...they are massively huge! They come with breakfast potatoes smothered in old bay spice and either a muffin, toast, or bagel of your choice. The portions are seriously outrageous and the prices are decent. Not to mention, I loved the feel of this restaurant. The atmosphere is cute, the service is great and friendly, and everyone seems to be in a good mood. We will definitely be back here soon!
4	A must every time we visit Las Vegas! You know this place sells alot of egg dishes when the delivery truck delivers eggs by the stacked case - and many of them.You can get your egg dishes just about any way you like them and know that you'll have a good experience. I tend to favorite the California Omelet which has tomato, fresh avocado and mushrooms, along with melted Swiss and hollandaise sauce. The omelet alone is more than enough at 3 eggs, but they include some great potatoes (or another side) and a banana nut muffin which is usually good, but this time tasted a tad off. I didn't mind the muffin, but my kids didn't enjoy them as much this time.Their service style is interesting - flip your metallic "egg" at the table if you're unhappy to get someone's attention. Neat concept!Warning - portions are LARGE. If you're traveling, you'll likely feel like you're wasting food unless you choose to share (they may charge for that, but it's not excessive). After the muffins, I could only eat "most of the omelet and a small bit of potatoes before feeling stuffed.
4	I'm from St. Louis, MO. If a place has biscuits and gravy I have to order it. I have no choice, I am driven! Egg Works has it and I ordered it with two fried eggs on top (there is no other way!) First off, those fried potatoes they serve are the bomb! Crispy and evenly browned, not even remotely greasy. The husband and I gobbled them like fiends. The gravy definitely passed muster with my mid-western heart...rich and loaded with meaty flavor, and no pastiness. My eggs were perfectly cooked, as were my husband's. The biscuits were weird, tough and chewy. No fluffiness here...and they are an odd artificial golden yellow color, throughout. We actually scanned the menu to see what we could get that delish gravy on next time, because I never want to bite one of those creepy biscuits again. We'll be back to try their other offerings, because the plates that sailed by us on their way to other diners looked quite tempting. Coffee was just meh.. not yucky, just meh. We'll order tea next time and find something to smother with that gravy!
5	I had low expectations for this place to be honest. The name and location itself seemed a bit... eh? But after walking in and ordering OMG this place is amazing! The food is DELICIOUS! My friend and I shared the Veggie Pesto Sandwich with Fries. The sandwich had grilled bread, veggies and was soooooo freaking good! Though I probably couldn't finish a whole one I want to damn sure try! The fries were crispy shoe string fries and seasoned! YUM! My friend and I were full and satisfied. I would definitely come back.
5	I love Egg Works so hard. Any place whose regular menu items include green chile and chorizo is good in my book, but everything I've tried here has been delicious. Also, I love that they allow for half orders. Additionally, I'm super picky about my steak, but their steak and eggs never disappoint. Also also also, many of their waitresses are tattooed cuties and nice as all get out. Finally, their bloody marys will kill you. In a good way.
4	Great food! you will definitely not be hungry after this breakfast. We even got up early to drive out from the strip before our meeting for a convention just to get a good breakfast.
5	walked up with 6 people for breakfast - sat us in less than 5 minutes.Breakfast - Wonderful!!Six people, six different entrees, six very happy satisfied diners.HIGHLY RECOMMEND.I had scrambled eggs & ham sandwiched between two pieces of french toast.  Only problem - I could finish it all.
5	Excellent service and superb food. Portions were huge and bloody Mary's to boot.
3	I really enjoyed this place - I just think I ordered the wrong items...TV's are all around (but not overdone) which is great to wake up on a Saturday and start watching some sports - loved it.The menu was cute and fun - not to mention a great selectionMy wife had the jeuvos rancheros which were good.I had the chili (which was OK - probably out of a can though) and onion rings.  Now the onion rings were obviously the frozen type - but just so tasteless and meaningless that you wonder why they even bother to put it on their menu.  All the other food looks so appetizing, then you have these crappy onion rings.  They would be better off to upgrade them or take them off the menu.I wish that I would have stuck to egg-based menu items...The service was excellent, and everyone was very nice.  Oh yea, and the wifi (while free) did not work (strong signal, just wouldn't put you online after connecting).
2	"Let me get these plates to their table.  A second later- the check and move on to the next diners." (server's thoughts, maybe) Shout out to the waiters and the waitresses- be more attentive to your customers.  As for the food, SKIP IT.  Go to Blueberry Hill.  Come off of it with the over-seasoned potatoes.Great location if you enjoy listening to the next plane take off.  Tsk tsk.
5	The greatest breakfast on the planet! The potato's are great!
4	My wife and I were in Vegas visiting my Sister and her Husband. They suggested that we try the Egg Works for Breakfast was a very good suggestion. I had a 3 meat skillet and my Wife has the blackened rib-eye and spinach Benedict. Both meals were great and the wait staff were a pleasure. We enjoyed The Egg Works so much, we went back the next day!
4	I am a glutton by nature and the way that Egg Works II does breakfast only fuels my sinful constitution. The week before my birthday, I tend to go on a strict diet in preparation for the voracious appetite to come. Out of the blue, the craving for Eggs Benedict manifested, so I succumbed. It was the first time in five years that I have even thought about ordering this dish, so I did my research to find a combination that would best suit my personality. Egg Works happens to have the veggie works benny with grilled tomatoes, spinach, avocado, and two poached eggs smothered in hollandaise sauce. I almost got this, until I saw the blackened prime rib served on a grilled croissant with sauteed spinach, bell peppers, and eggs covered in the same decadently rich dressing. I could not resist and why should I? The  huge portion was served in a skillet with a a few slices of fresh fruit and home fries. The potatoes are well seasoned and crisp. I started by saying I would only eat half of them and soon the whole side was gone. The eggs benny was delicious, but not without some minor issues. The hollandaise is plentiful and salty, ask for it on the side. The prime rib was cooked to well done and on the tough side. What it has going for it outweighs my complaints. The soft, airy croissant gives a texture that is not often associated with this dish, and I appreciated that. The eggs were poached to perfection. With one swift slash of my fork, the center burst out with all the fatty goodness of the yolk. The paprika on top, cut through the dense creaminess of the sauce. With my craving subdued, I can go another five years without it and a day without eating. It will take a few hours in the gym to work off this meal, but there is no remorse or regret with this decision.
4	This place reminds me of a local Hawaii spot because of it's gargantuan proportions!They even had a Hawaiian breakfast section!I had the homemade corned beef hash which was amazing. U could tell that the corned beef was homemade and pulled right before cooking with the potatoes. Tried the pancakes and waffles and they were amazing. I mean, in general, I don't think anyone can get pancakes and waffles wrong, right??!!??Kids pancakes were cute because they made it into Mickey Mouse's face with a bacon smiley face =)This is a place you wanna come with a large group so you can try a little bit of everything. And even then, I'm sure everyone will still have a large amount to finish eating. This place was so yummy that I ate here 2 days in a row.
4	Let me just say WOW. I ordered the tostada salad. what I got was a salad big enough for the table. I hd no idea how huge this thing was. HUGE! and I'm from west TEXAS! and yes everything is bigger and better there. . but this place is awesome in its own right. The salad had meat, cheeses, so many things I just thought it was so good. and when I took it to go there was still so much left I couldnt even fit it all int he to go box. yes. that big. I loved it and almost couldnt stop. The salsa wasnt hot but it was yummy. my bf ordered a skillet which was good but nowhere near as good as what I ordered. I wanted to order the cobb salad so bad but I already had it in my head that the tostada was what I wanted so till next time!
5	AMAZING! It's off the strip, on the other side of the airport, but worth the 15minute detour from heading home.Just a few points about this establishment:1.  The entrance to the restrooms is decorated like an outhouse-disturbing, but cute!2.  If it is your first time, they give you a delicious muffin3.  Unlike everywhere else in Vegas, they leave the carafe of coffee on the table, and outfit you with all the sweeteners and flavored/unflavored dairy/non-dairy creamers your heart could ever desire4.  The eggs benedict is probably the best in Vegas (not the best ever, by any means, but definitely fantastic)5.  It's one of those "pay at the register when you are done" kind of places; just don't forget to leave the tip .That's all I got folks, so get out there and enjoy some Egg Works!
5	I stumbled upon this place after picking up my friend at the airport. We needed breakfast, and it had "Eggs" in the name, so I figured it was worth a shot. That was almost four years ago, and now I must eat here every time I come to Vegas (at least twice a year).The food ranges from pretty good to excellent. They really excel with Mexican dishes. Their enchilada sauce is fantastic. There is a huge selection so I have plenty of veggie options. The carnivores that I've brought here love it too.Service is friendly, and they get the food out so dang fast. Just what you want in a breakfast joint.As others have mentioned, the big bonuses of Egg Works are as follows: redonk banana muffins, coffee carafe on the table, and free wi-fi.
4	My wife & I went here during a recent stay in Vegas & had one of the most wonderful breakfasts in recent memory.  My wife had some amazing Pancakes stuffed with fresh bananas and chocolate chips (Special Request).  They were so delicious she didn't even add syrup.   I had the classic 2 egg breakfast with smoked honey bacon that was really good.  The prices are really reasonable as well I think our whole bill was around 14.00.  Well defiantly be going back here the next time were in Vegas.
5	Wow this place is amazing. Where do I start? The portions are giant. So if you know you will need to take somthing to go, here is a hint: eat all of the seasoned potatoes first. The do no heat up well at all.  The biscuits and gravy are delicious. The banana bread french toast is the best I have ever had.  The staff is usually terrific and is so wonderful to my 8 year old daughter, who changes her mind 10 times before the order comes out--from the type of drink she wanted to the type of toast--they have always accomodated her. This is the best place to eat. The only warnings I have besides the potatoes are that they close at 3 pm and they are usually super busy so there is a wait.
4	I am a big fan of Egg Works. My family come here often. The service is pretty fast considering how busy it is on weekends. I enjoy the breakfast items and there are many to choose from. I tried a burger once and decided to stick to breakfast. I really like the Sunrise mountain. Very big portions and all around breakfast.
4	So this is one of my top two places to go for breakfast in LV.  Their breakfasts are huge and I have never finished one.  Their fruit plate is really good, and so much fruit!  I also really like their carnitas skillet or whatever it's called.  The service is good and attentive, and the price is right.  I also really like the fresh banana nut muffins that you can get with every meal instead of toast.
5	This place is just exceptional!  Its near the airport and a bit of a drive from the strip but worth it. You get a free delicious muffin if its your first time. The portions are huge (really too much for one person) but the food is very satisfying, especially the french fries. They even have a happy/sad face egg meter type thing on the table for when you need service or unhappy about something...and they take it seriously! Our waiter was very sweet and everyone seems to communicate very well, one server will cover for another if anything is missing. Unlike some breakfast places, Egg Works also takes reservations.
4	Love the greek omletes enjoy the generous portions a normal breakfast place off the strip.
4	A really good breakfast/brunch type place away from the hustle and bustle of LV Strip. I had the Corn Beef Hash & Banana Nut French Toast. Both were amazing.Definitely coming here again for breakfast when I'm back in LV.
5	I got NY Steak and Eggs for 11 bucks. Not a bad price. The steak was a little small. Came with potatoes and a free banana muffin. My sis got Country fried steak. She didn't like the CFS cause it was all jammed up together and a bit mushy. The Potatoes that came with the meal were delicious..The seasoning on them were very tasty.The muffin was....well let me just say i finished it in like 3 seconds. Prob the best muffin I ever had. My sister didn't eat her CFS so they took the charge off the receipt. I was shocked because I told the waitress not to worry about it, but she refused and took the charge off anyway. So the customer service was 10 out of 10 which made the whole experience even that much better. You can't go wrong with this place
5	Egg works?? Well they do if they are made right and this place does it right every time. I am not going to lie, I am a chain breakfast kind of girl liking place like IHop and McDonalds (I know, guilty as charged)I knew I had found a good place when I walked in and the place was packed! I mean, packed...but no one seemed stressed out to wait. Hmmm...place that is worth the wait, I'll wait! We were seated very quickly however and greeted immediately. The service was fast and friendly and the food was great. I had the eggs benedict and it was soooo yummy. They even have a cute egg on the table that you can indicate if you need help or not...CUTE!Overall a great find for breakfast...and I heard they make a mean burger too so I will have to come back. Egg works......It does for me :)
4	Never before had I ordered 'biscuits and gravy' -- until I spotted it on the Eggworks menu. When it arrived I thought maybe I'd made the wrong choice. The huge plate of biscuits and gravy was too huge and the pale gravy looked gross. How sorry would I have been if I didn't dig into those biscuits and gravy. That food was DELICIOUS! and I don't usually do gravy. Oh and I also had scrambled eggs. I've never not been able to eat an order of scrambled eggs before. But I couldn't eat what seemed to be a dozen scrambled eggs. They were perfectly scrambled and so beautifully textured -- not hard and dry but moist and solid. The Old Bay seasoned hash browns deliciously completed the trinity.EW loses 1-star because of the non-dairy creamer.
5	I go to breakfast here around 2 days a week. Great & friendly staff. If you're going before work sit at the bar and the food comes out very quick. There's free wifi so bring your idevices. Food is good. I don't venture out beyond eggs and bacon much but the couple times I've ordered waffles or pancakes they've been good.
4	Early morning flight from NYC had us in Vegas shortly after 9am...  Hungry from the long flight we decided to go and grab some breakfast.  After a quick Yelp search we realized that Egg Works 2 was just around the corner from McCarran Airport.We forgot that it was Saturday morning, so the place was sort of busy.  We decided to sit at the counter since there were seats open.  Service was prompt and our order was prepared in no time. The menu is extensive, which made it difficult to make a decision.  My buddy ordered some sort of skillet which he really enjoyed.  I went with a bacon, egg and cheese on a Ciabatta roll with home fries.  Can't beat a really tasty breakfast, served quickly at a good price.  Would go here again if I'm looking to get some AM grub while in Vegas.
5	Another heavenly breakfast place.  Busy as hell on a Sunday.  :)  Everyone was quite satisfied.  Heaping portions of heavenly deliciousness.  Their potatoes are seasoned with paprika and something else I can't place, it makes them quite friggin tasty.  I wanted to pick off everyone's plate!!  I ordered the omelet with mashed potatoes in the middle and cheese.  Top that with banana bread.  I ate like I was feeding twins in my belly (I'm not).  Completely egg-gasmic.  I'd do it over and over again if I could.
1	Horrible!! With the word 'Egg' as their business you'd figure they would know how to make medium scrambled eggs. The waffle was cold and the Ham steak was over cooked. Will not visit again.
3	I came here this morning with my family around 6:30am before catching my 9am flight at McCarran. I think this is the nearest place to the airport with decent breakfast that opens that opens before 7am. We ordered:Country fried steak - My brother said the potatoes were a little too seasoned for his taste, but he still wiped his plate cleanFresh Veggie Skillet - Got my eggs over easy so I could mix everything up. I got a banana nut muffin that came with the meal, but I just took a couple pinches of it because it didn't taste like banana nut at all. It tasted very plain and the appearance was a little strange. The bottom part was all small and the top was kind of flat with crispy edges. Imagine a small flap jack on top of a shot glass; that's what it looked like. I wish there were a little more veggies in the skillet besides the potatoes, which took up 75% of the skillet. The potatoes looked very seasoned, but they didn't taste overly salty or anything. All in all, it was okay, but I probably wouldn't order it again. I'll stick to an omelet next time because I know it'll have a lot more veggies. Loco Moco (American version) - This was the American version, I believe. The gravy looked like the same gravy that was on the country fried steak my brother got and it made the dish taste just like it too. The only difference was that the Country Fried steak was served with potatoes and this was served over rice. The Classic - Pretty basic meal, but my mom said it was good. I guess she assumed all of our meals were going to be pretty large so she could pick at them, which is the reason why she got that. Of course, my mom was right. All of our meals were pretty big, but not overwhelming. My brother cleaned his plate, my mom left one over easy egg, my boyfriend had a small cup of rice left, and I had some potatoes left. The bill came out to $47, but I had a bogo entree coupon from the 2011 Entertainment book with an $8 value. I don't think there was a single entree below $8, but they took the $8 out of our bill, so it turned out to be $39. That's a pretty good deal if you ask me!I'll come back here again if I want breakfast before a flight. They have a big sign out front that says they're open 6am-3pm, so I guess they just do breakfast and lunch. The airport is just a few turns away from this place so you don't have to worry about being late if you get here a couple hours before your flight.
5	I got blueberry pancakes and they delivered big time. Great food.. the real blueberry and huge cakes made for a feast. Looking forward to hitting this place again.
1	So I wanted to try a new breakfast place, even though it felt like I was cheating on blueberry hill...and I was ashamed.The service was pretty awful, we has to ask for a coffee refill 3 times from our first cup. Then we had to ask for creamer 3 different times and sugar 3 different times. And all from different waiters. Ok fine, the food should be awesome. Let's stick it out.No. It wasn't fine. It was maybe mediocre at best. I got a veggie skillet that required me to dig through the lukewarm eggs and quagulated cheese to find. Don't boast of a "totally loaded veggie skillet!!!" that had two mushrooms in it, a bit of tomatoes, no onions, and a few skimpy bell peppers. Worst ever. Did I mention the cold, sorta melted cheese that stuck together like glue? Ugh.Then I needed more coffee and knew it was time to go.  I will not be going back, nor should you.  I'm not gonna go back to my regular place and beg for forgiveness.
4	Visiting from Hawaii, this was our first stop right after getting off the airplane.  I ordered the Spinach Benny.  It came in a gratin dish and was loaded with hollandaise sauce unlike the ones I've had in Hawaii.  Eggs poached correctly.  I felt less guilty about eating all that hollandaise because the spinach made it a healthy meal.  The Works potatoes, great taste but I'm not sure what was in it, almost tastes like Old Bay.  Saw that they sell it at the cashier stand.  Should have bought one, oh well, next time.The service was quick and going in on Monday morning, we were seated immediately.  In and out just how breakfast should be.
5	First off, I wouldn't consider myself the least bit an early-riser (well, not for breakfast anyways).  I was here at 6:30 in the morn, lacking sleep, and I am still able to recall the killer breakfast at this place.  I honestly didn't even know this Egg Works had a location on Sunset (even though it has been there forever), but I'm glad I stopped in.  I needed to make a stop to the airport and breakfast prior to doing so just seemed like a good idea.I'll probably never see this place that early in the morning again though.So being 6:30 in the am, I figured the place would be desolate, but I was taken by surprise when I entered and saw 3 other parties grubbing on some Egg Works offerings.  Okay, 3 parties isn't much, but seriously... it's 6:30!  That was a good indicator that this place means business.  After people-watching while waiting for my juice to be freshly squeezed from their orange tree that is growing within the walls of their kitchen (seriously it took a minute, but maybe I'm just not as patient during this hour), i noticed that the 3 other parties were regulars.  Regulars equals good service!    Our waitress was very helpful and even made mention of her picks on the menu.  I ended up going with the Haole Moco, which is an Americanized version of the ever-so-popular Hawaiian Loco Moco. Nice!Pros:* good portion sizes... I even had to take some to go* okay so no Orange Tree in the kitchen to my knowledge, but it was fresh* open early for you early-risers (or late sleepers).* good serviceCons:* service can be a bit slow at times due to small talk w/ regularsTips:  They have this little flippy-thing that doubles as a salt/pepper shaker holder.  You can flip over to a different color, which indicates to the waitress that you are in need of assistance.  Pretty nifty.  I'll be honest, I just stared at it for a good minute or two, but since there were obstructions and I was entering the beginning stages of my food-coma, I said forget it and just waited for an opportunity to make eye-contact with the waitress to get the bill.  Seems pretty cool though. I'll try it next time I go and let you know if the waitress actually sees it in a timely manner.  One more tip, look up and watch the news.  It's more informative than people-watching, but I can't say it's more fun.
4	Egg works does a great breakfast. The service is efficient and I have found it to be consistent at their other locations as well.I only give out 5 stars to places that really go above and behind and are a bit more creative. So 4 stars to them is not a slap. Their food is tasty and I probably eat there for breakfast once a month.Their prices are reasonable too, especially for people that need a little hair of the dog.The last time we visited I notice that they also have some Hawaiian specialties; I have to say that I really liked the Loco Moco!I can't wait to try the new location! Keep up the great grub!
4	Their breakfast menu is awesome!  They even have a Hawaiian section.  On one visit, I ordered the Portuguese Sausage, and I posted a photo of it.  Also, the banana muffin and their banana bread is super D-LISH!!!  That's,...of course if you like banana bread.  =)
1	I've heard great things about Egg Works so we decided to try them on a whim. I dont know if we just hit them on a bad day, but it was possibly the worst breakfast I've had in a while. The service was decent, we were seated immediately. The place was very busy, so I thought we were in for a winner. I had french toast and my Mom had biscuits and gravy. My french toast was less than mediocre - the bread was spongey.. My Mom's biscuits were absolutely awful, they tasted like they were made with some kind of chicken stock/boullion. The gravy was good. We let them know and they even said they were trying out a new recipe to replace the frozen biscuits they had been serving, but were having trouble perfecting it. They took it off the bill, which I was pleased about. I also felt like for what it was, they were extremely pricey. I've had better breakfast at Lenny's.
5	Vegas breakfast buffet?  We no need no stinking Vegas breakfast buffet!You want the blackened prime rib benny.  That's an eggs benedict, but with prime freaking rib instead of ham and a croissant instead of an english muffin.  Yeah, the french do breakfast bread better than the Brits.Compare that to a trough of scrambled "eggs" at circus circus.  Yeah, you won't get your three plates of bacon, but maybe that's a good thing.  They give you potatoes too, so that should be enough calories to work off your hangover.  Plus you get off the strip- that place has taken enough of your money.So come to Egg Works and get something in Vegas that's actually worth every penny.
2	Customer service was good.The portions were large but not so tasty. I wanted hot tea to drink and I was given a Linton tea bag with hot water which was tasteless.
4	It's weird how things happen.   I was reading the reviews about Egg Works on Wed and Thurs as something I really wanted to try on Friday.  I didn't mention it to anyone at work but that's what they decided on doing for Friday lunch.I was actually impressed.  Real spacious and nicely decorated barn look!? like the entrance to the restrooms.  There's outside dining area, a kinda private room for large groups, a breakfast counter for solo diners, TV's, WIFI.  Service was quick, it wasn't that busy because it was a later lunch.So it looks like most of their menu were breakfast dishes since it doesn't look to be open for dinner. Most of the dishes looked really good and were large portions. I had the Spinach Benny which was really delicious but didn't care for the sides, a slice of grape fruit and pineapple, with some Works potatoes. Server hooked me up with a pretty good banana muffin which I didn't order.  Someone had the pancakes which seemed a good portion but heard it taste pretty basic. Others had the corn beef hash and some other really good looking breakfast dishes, I'll definitely be back to try more of the menu.I found a BOGO coupon online at Las Vegas Review Journal website lvrj.com and printed a bunch for our large group.  They said they don't usually honor these printed coupons unless they come straight from the newspaper but they honor it this time.  I'll probably be going to the other locations and see if they'll also honor the coupon or not.
4	Welcomed and seated with NO WAIT. Rare for here. Rosa from Mexicali was our waitress. She gave me her list for Christmas and I gave her an iPhone, iPad, and a car...she gave us complimentary muffins. The muffins were wonderful. The coffee hot and smooth, the avocados in the omelet were scrumptious. We had a great experience and I want to take Rosa home. I want to take all these folks home and into a kitchen just like this but at my house. I am never disappointed here. Merry Christmas; Happy Hannakah.Santah
5	Had the chicken fried steak with eggs up and biscuits.  The steaks batter has a good seasoning on it and was fork tender.  The potatoes are coated with the Egg Works seasoning that they sell in jars.  The potatoes are crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  The biscuit was the star of the show today.  Soft and flaky, but not dry.  The real butter is served in small individual plastic tubs that sit on the table, so they are room temp and the butter just acts like a frosting on the biscuit.  Excellent breakfast.  The staff is very friendly and they know how to serve breakfast professionally.  I can see why there are 4-5 of these places in Vegas and they are all packed with customers.
5	Loved this place. By far the best breakfast in town, I have ever had. I place egg works above hash house, ihop, Denny's, blueberry hill, sunrise cafe, original house of pancakes and anyone else I have ever had in Vegas. A must for breakfast lovers
4	After a great Halloween, breakfast was in order. After searching we decided to eat here, and I'm glad we did!Banana nut bread was AMAZING. My friend and I bought a loaf of bread to take for the trip back home. I was expecting a cup of coffee, but they give you the entire pitcher! Service was fast. Got the pumpkin pancake, and it was a stake of 3, and each one was as big as my head!! Huge portions! My pancakes were a little dry. Great service too.
4	Banana nut muffin is a must! SO GOOD! We were a party of 9, and the wait was about 20 minutes on Sunday around noon. Place was poppin'. Our server was really friendly! We were all first timers at Egg Works 2, but my boyfriend and I had been to Egg & I before. We knew what to expect, and Egg Works 2 definitely delivered. Everyone enjoyed their dishes. I really enjoyed the Haole Moco, which is exaclty like a Loco Moco, but they use the house gravy instead. YUM! My boyfriend got the Avocado and Bacon Omlette with Potatoes. OMG I FORGOT HOW GOOD THE POTATOES ARE!!! A MUST TOO! My cousin got the Strawberry French Toast. It was a bit sweet, so ask for the strawberry sauce on the side. I would definitely recommend this place for big or small parties. It a bit off the strip, but worth the drive.
4	I love breakfast!It was my first time here and EW2 didn't disappoint. Even the 20min wait was worth it. Great, friendly service even during a packed house at noon on a Sunday. Accommodating our large group was not a big deal. Reading over the newspaper like menu, there were so many items to choose from even three hawaiian dishes! I went with The Works Skillet, even though the stuffed french sounded amazing. The works skillet is packed with flavor and textures. I really enjoyed the banana nut muffin as well. My sis got the Haole Moco and that looked very good as well. The other orders in our party all looked great. (drool)Being in Vegas, I had to keep the vibe going, so i got the Greyhound (vodka and grapefruit) and it was darn good. Also, we had two birthday celebrants in our party and our server brought out decorated banana nut muffins with a candle. We all sang "happy birthday". That was fun!EW2 you're now on my list of favs in Vegas! Being off the strip, it's a nice little drive away from the touristy atmosphere.Also read, Joanne C's review. :D
5	We come here before I head off to my day job.  The coupons in the papers help a bunch with our frequent outings.  I cannot say enough about their service and how outstanding a job they do.  We did have a moment on a busy weekend where nobody addressed giving us any service.  Even the egg flipped to the bright yellow egg (notice to the servers that the customer needs something) wasn't getting noticed.  I do believe the manager came by and did everything in his power to help us.  He went above and beyond to help us out.  I have seen him do this from time to time and I do applaud him on his ability to pitch in and make it right.  So for what few times when we had issues the staff was on the ball and made it right.  The waitresses are friendly and found one who even threw back the sarcastic humor. If there is a wait, its worth it and shouldn't take to long to be seated.  Although sitting outside with all the planes landing does get noisy.Love the pumpkin chocolate chip pancakes!
3	above avg breakfast, but the decor and atmosphere of a law office.
5	I love this place.  It's your typical breakfast diner, and we usually prefer to sit at the counter.  The food is always excellent.  I usually get a spinach, mushroom and cheese scramble with breakfast potatoes.  The potatoes are seasoned and absolutely amazing.  The OJ is a little expensive, but it's usually expensive everywhere so I guess that's typical.  The better value is to split a carafe. The only complaint I have is that I wish it was open later that 3pm.Another thing I like about this place is the little flip over eggs, to let your server know you need help. They are on every table and come in handy.
4	Our waitress was very nice! And the food was great, especially after the gluttony that was the Vegas buffets! I got a mashed potato omelet, but I didn't want to smother it in cheddar and jack cheese, so I asked for feta instead. Great choice! But the thing that got me, that got the other Yelpers as well, was the banana nut muffin...Dear God, the muffin...I liked it better than the banana nut muffin at the California Grill in Whittier, CA. Go there and have delicious food! Definitely having it again when I'm in Vegas again!
5	First time to eat there. Really good experience with good food and service. When we walk in, a nice lady greeted with a smile on her face. When I asked for recommendation, she did introduce patiently. For the food, all my friends and I loved our own orders. We had some omelets, scrambles and fried steak. My friend said his orange juice was freshly squeezed, and thats why its worth more than 3 bucks. My chicken Omelet had some cheese on the top, and tasted really yummy.  The orders were very big that was enough for me. Should go again.
4	just as good as the first one but with beer
1	They open at 6am but today's paper is not available in the RJ machine.  So make an extra stop at the 7-Eleven to get your paper if you get there before 7am.
5	This place is GREAT! no matter what you order it is the best! if you like a morning drink i recommend the Mimosa!!! they are a self-serve
4	Huge amounts of fresh and tasty stuff for breakfast, delivered by quick and courteous wait staff. All four of our group thoroughly enjoyed our meals, and only one of us got more than half of the food eaten. Doggy bags for breakfast?? Well worth a try; a hidden delight. And if you are lucky enough to get Sandra for your waitress, say hi!
3	The food is pretty good but the Egg and I their sister restaurant is a lot better.  Also I had some pretty bad service here my friend was done eat by the time I was finished.
4	Was a little early for work today so thought Id stop by egg works 3 for a meal and to kill some time. I wasnt expecting a good old fashion mom and pop dining experience but that was exactly what I received. The servers were great, keep my drink filled and always had something nice to say. The food was top notch and I have to agree about the banana nut muffins. I may just come back and make a meal out of those. This is just down the road from my office and it will be my pleasure to come back.
3	So glad that we found this place when we were undergoing a week long of continuous alcohol consumption in Vegas. Us girls were being obnoxious drunk bitches at 11am when we stepped into the restaurant, yet our lovely server treated us with much friendliness, even sitting herself at our table as we chit-chatted our way into placing our orders. With her recommendation, I tried the corned beef hash with two eggs over easy. According to my memory under the influence, that corned beef hash was the best that I have ever had. With ample home-cured corned beef and perfectly cooked taters and eggs, I soon was under the spell of food coma. So, friends, come with an empty stomach, and prepare for a satisfying and reasonably priced breakfast in Vegas.
4	I came to Egg Works with some skepticism.  I am not a huge fan of eggs.  The only reason I came was to attend a focus group survey meeting.  I came a skeptic.  I left a fan.  I ordered a Hawaiian breakfast.  I had rice, Spam, eggs, and fresh fruit.  It was great.  I love Spam and the egg yolk mixed into the rice was a delicious combination.  I have not been back since that time because it is not on my side of town.  If I do make it back though, and I hope that time comes, I want to try the biscuits and gravy.  I saw somebody order that and it looked awesome.  The plate, more of a platter, was huge.  The biscuits, though thoroughly covered in gravy, looked to be big and fluffy.  Even from a distance I could see the sausage in the gravy.  I must try this.  The food I got was great.  The food I saw looked amazing.  Service was a tad slow but it was a busy Saturday morning.  Wait staff can only go so fast when the restaurant is near capacity.  That is another sign that Egg Works is nothing short of grand.
4	To be perfectly honest, I'm not the hugest fan of breakfast food.  I realize this is odd. However, this restaurant does something I don't care much for very, very well.  I always have special requests regarding my breakfast food (egg whites only, I don't eat potatoes so I always have to make substitutions) and I've never felt like I am being a nuisance.  Their omelettes are divine.  The service is always friendly and quick.  I can't really say anything bad about Egg Works 2!
4	Solid breakfast with a very extensive menu---seriously they have every breakfast option one can dream of, with tons of Vegetarian goodies!  Not gourmet quality but always good.  The service is great and the staff works as a team always.
4	Great place and a sister resturant to Egg and I.  I got the Burrito with fruit and it was very good and very filling.  The place is fast so you don't have to wait long for a yummy breakfast!
4	If you find yourself in Vegas, AND you have a slight hang-over AND you're in a rush to fill your stomach with SOMETHING don't come here. Keep your vegas strip lovin butt away from this local gem.If, however, you want the best eggs in Vegas served with the genuine diner service at the speed of light you've found your place.
5	I go to this place EVERY SINGLE TIME I VISIT LAS VEGAS!!  I have never been let down!  The service is FAST and friendly.  The portions are huge, so bring your appetite!  Can't say enough good about this place.  I just wish they would open one near my home!
4	I was pretty impressed with this place. Nice atmosphere, good prices and very friendly! I had the corned beef hash, it was homemade and you really could tell. It was really good. This will now be my goto breakfast place!
3	This dish is way too big, I rather you charge me less with smaller portion. I don't want to gain weight and I don't want to waste food.... but I think this is the perfect spot for guys, I ordered blueberry pancake in smaller portion... damn, when I got it, I was shocked, one dish has 3 large pieces, I didn't even finish one piece. I shared half of the omelet with my sis. It's good. The waitress are very nice with smile on their faces, but we waited too long for our food. We had to keep nagging them for our orders. The people who came in later than us got their order before us. ummm, not so good. The price is good for that big portion. You should try this restaurant if you've never been there. :)
5	my family loves this place! great food and friendly service! eat here all the time and never a complaint. the food is always very good and tons of things to try on the huge menu. something for everyone!
4	Stopped by Egg Works before heading back to LA after reading about it in a little magazine that was in the taxi. We decided to make the trek out because of the free breakfast entree coupon. The yelp reviews looked great, so we decided to head to Egg Works instead of a typical Sunday brunch on the strip. Whenever we woke up that Sunday morning, we packed and stumbled to the car to get some breakfast. After about a 20 minute drive from the strip, we finally arrived at Egg works. The place is relatively big, so the wait for 3 wasn't about 15 minutes. After being seated, we were promptly served drinks and then was left to look over the extensive menu. I decided on a side order of the corned beef hash and the Green Chili omelet. The omelet was extremely large. It probably had 3 whole Ortega chilies, a ton of cheese, and another ton of cheese on top. The omelet was good, but nothing special. Along with the omelet came a side of home potatoes that seemed like it was tossed with a whole bottle of Lawry's season salt. If you like that stuff, then you'll love these potatoes. If not, I'd see if they can cut the season salt next time. The corned beef and hash was interesting. It was more like corned beef and mashed potato pancake that was crisped on the flat top. Overall, if you have time to venture beyond the strip, check Egg Works out. You won't be hungry after the meal.
3	Portions are big and the wait staff is super friendly but the food was only okay for me and everything seemed to be really salty.  It's a little bit off the strip but it'll be sure to help that hangover.  There is a bit of a wait, but it's a pretty big location so you won't be waiting too long.
5	While the food was really good, mostly I wanted to write this review because of the staff.  There was a problem during my visit and the staff was very apologetic, and went out of their way to make amends.  This is how a business should be run. i hope they do well for a long time.
2	As simply put, mediocre at best. There was so much hype about this place and even had to wait 15 minutes. Why wait 15 minutes when you can get virtually the same thing if not better at other breakfast places? On top of that, my waitress was very slow to serve us. My friend, girlfriend, and I had already chosen what we desired yet, we waited an additional 10-15 minutes. It was busy but there's no excuse for waiting that long. I got the corned beef hash which was not that well cooked and the hash was shredded way too excessively. It was almost as if I'm tasting carnitas. On top of that was scrambled eggs, which there is nothing bad you can say about standard scrambled eggs. The potatoes were actually quite good. They had some kind of salt and spice that was addicting. But there's a problem when the side tastes better than the main dish. Overall, mediocre food, below average service. Would not consider this an option for breakfast brunch. I would rather starve and wait for lunch if I had to.
4	Great food, great service.
3	In my quest to support local businesses, we checked out Egg Works this morning. SInce it was after 10 on a Sunday morning, I figured it would be crowded and it was. We only waited about 10 minutes. That was a shock. Our server was Kim and she was outstanding. The food was OK. I had regular pancakes, eggs over medium, and bacon. She asked if I wanted the bacon crisp and it was (crispy and good). The eggs were runnier than I wanted (maybe my fault for not asking for over hard). I am a pancake lover and the pancakes were some of the worst that I've had a restaurant. I didn't like the taste of the batter and they were too heavy and doughy. My partner tried them and liked them. He had waffles, ham and scrambled. He didn't like his waffle and neither did I. Something about the batter. ANYWAY...The place is called Egg Works...I will go back. I liked the atmosphere. I really enjoyed the employees. They were all very nice, helpful, and funny. Next time, I will focus on an egg dish which I'm sure will be very good. Oh...we did order a banana nut muffin because so many Yelp reviewers talked about it. It was definitely delicious and I'll stick to that next time. There will be a next time...
4	Good breakfast highlighted by the banana walnut muffin. Works potatoes are great (if a little salty). Sausage gravy was good and biscuits flakey. Large portions.
5	4.5 stars but im going to bump them up to a 5 cause of their banana nut muffin and how quickly we got our foodtheir "benni's" are DELICIOUSSSS.. i love eggs benedict and their take on it is so good.. plus their servings are ginormous so youre definitely getting what you pay for.. we also had one of their omelettes.. delicious.. there's not a negative thing i can say about this place.. im glad it's right next to my house but i'm really sad that i only get to go home once a month.. theyre not open late so go early.. my friends have been raging about this place and i finally got to try it out last weekend.. definitely added to the list of places i have to go whenever i stop by home
2	Crikey! We've got a screamer here but not as entertaining as Gordon Ramsey. Don't sit at the counter unless you want to hear this little spitfire lady scream out every 2 minutes: "I need a runner here!"   Oh boy, I NEED AN ASPIRIN.I might have put up with the clucking of the loud obnoxious lead waitress at the pass screaming out for service had the food been at least worth it. My waitress was very sweet and helpful in describing what's good to eat. She was pushing the hash as the best thing on the menu. I decided to play it safe with a cheese omelet. I struck out on this one. The omelet was rubbery and the potatoes were greasy which really did a number on me a few hours later. I don't know what they put in the potatoes but they had a rancid taste and the slight smell and taste of vinegar. The portions are ridiculousness huge but considering the double wide waste lines of the patrons in this joint, I can see why the customers don't complain. Another reason not to sit at the counter: the absolutely most disgusting thing I have read in a restaurant or for that matter read anywhere in public, except maybe in a doctors exam room, was pasted on the wall right in front of me at the lunch counter. Are you ready? Wait...if you are eating and reading put your fork down now. Fair warning....here it comes: (Remember I didn't get that warning as I was eating my rubber omelet). When you sit at a lunch counter, it's normal to glance around and stare directly ahead of you. My attention was drawn to a cheeky sign that read "Will trade coffee for gossip". Ok, that's typical coffee house cute. That's not the bad part. Below this sign there is a typed notice from management to the employees on when it is acceptable for an employee to be excused from coming to work: There are five reasons and I only got to read up to # 2 before I lost my appetite reading about projectile bodily functions. The sign says something to the affect that in order to protect the health of the other workers and patrons, the following reasons are acceptable accuses for not coming to work. They are: 1: Vomiting. 2: Diarrhea, 3: who knows what the rest said. Bleh! So there I sat with little miss spitfire hollering out for service on my right, I got the busboy on my left drying all the flatware and clanging them into containers while giving me the stink eye every so often. I've got this sign in front of me that I should have taken as a warning for my afternoon discomfort to come! Earlier, the waitress offered to give me a sampling of the hash, which thankfully she forget to bring. I pushed the rubber egg aside, grabbed the check and headed to the cashier. When the cashier asked me if everything was alright, I asked her if she thought that was appropriate to post that sign at the lunch counter for customers to read. She was grossed out as much as I was and said she would talk to management. Not an entirely pleasant breakfast experience at Egg Works.  My stomach is still churning from the obnoxious breakfast and the sound of the waitress screaming "I need a runner here!" is still in my head. Oye!
2	The waitress took too long to serve us & the food was mediocre at best. I had a crepe but it tasted just like a regular omelette.
5	Eggs Benadict to die for!
4	Great service! Decent prices. I am a huge fan of all the different omelets. From the Denver to the garlic mashed potato omelette, you just can't go wrong. I am, however, not a fan of the waffles or pancakes. Truly worth a try...
2	The food was good. But the customer experience in this location is poor. They are too busy to want to provide a good quality experience. There food is way too expensive to be rushed and hurried out the door. I would rather patronize a business that appreciates my dollars.
4	While I found the crepes to be a little rubbery, (yes, I know they're egg-heavy, but that should not mean rubbery, it should mean spongy...) everything else was delicious. However, it was not what I ordered. I realize they are busy, and we arrived at 8am on Friday. I didn't bother to complain however, as it looked too good to turn down. Be aware that it's not real Hollandaise, or at least, not the best I've ever had, but whatever it is, it's tasty. Portions too large to finish.
2	The food was OK, it's breakfast you can't screw it up too much. Had the wonderful opportunity to experience Jennifer's service. I order dry wheat toast, gives it to me with butter...its a mistake. No big deal. I ask for toast without butter. 10 minutes later I get the toast. I'm done now! She was to busy helping sit another customer when there was already a hostess who's job was to seat people. After she seats them she goes in the back and runs her mouth some more and then finally realizes she forgot the toast. Jennifer, I was not upset about the mistake of the toast I was upset by your poor services I need the toast when I got my food not when I'm done.
4	Like many somewhat trendy breakfast spots in town, the prices are a tad on the higher end but you do get huge portions and the food itself is really great! We come here about once a month for a morning "work" meeting. I typically get the sunrise sandwich and it's delicious. The pancakes here are greeeeaat as well. If you are on a super tight budget then I would suggest looking elsewhere...
4	ANY egg choice you make here, you can't go wrong. Everything is EGGcellent and EGGceptional!!!! I have eaten here for breakfast SEVERAL times and whenever I do, I am not disappointed. What wins the BEST breakfast award, you ask?Drum roll please:The Mashed Potato Omelette:Bacon omelette stuffed with garlic mashed potatoes and melted cheddar and jack cheese, dollop of sour cream bringing together my two favorite meal times, Dinner and Breakfast to make my new best friend BRINNER! Best side dish award? Corned beef hash and the FAMOUS banana nut muffin that EVERYONE has mentioned in their reviews!My awards are the most serious of all breakfast awards- My cat told me so.
4	This place is by far the best breakfast place in Las Vegas. I always order half of whatever I order because the portions are huge! I have a hard time finishing even the half size portions. My boyfriend always gets the waffle works with over hard eggs and a side of works potatoes. I usually opt for the classic with over medium eggs, toast, and fruit. If you want to splurge, I highly suggest the chili relleno omelet. Everything on the menu is great unless you catch them on a bad day. Today for instance, my over medium eggs were a runny, watery, mess. The service is usually prompt, but don't expect to see your server again after you order.
5	This is my favorite breakfast place period.  I admit the costs are a little bit high but not too bad.  I always go for the meat skillets.  The Egg Works potatoes are by far the best thing about this place.  They are little spicy and cooked perfectly.  I have always had good service here even when they are pretty busy.  The atmosphere is nice too.  Despite it being right by a busy airport, it sort of reminds of an old school country breakfast place.
5	So this was our first time. Every time we are here in Vegas, we always pass by this place. Read all the reviews on Yelp and decided to try it. Just have to say that it was YUMMIE! The portions are big. The kids meal are big enough for two kids to share unless you have a big eater. I ordered pork and eggs, potatoes, and toast. Since I cannot eat eggs, the waitress let me substitute fruit for the eggs. The potatoes were delicious. It was seasoned and like the potatoes that you get with hash.  My husband ordered stuffed french toast. He thought they were stuffed with fruit and cream cheese (his mistake), but when it came out it was like a french toast sandwich. An egg scramble with meat between two pieces of french toast. The waitress was willing to exchange it for the strawberry and cream cheese french toast (which is the one that he was looking at), but my husband's mistake so he kept his plate. He did enjoy his breakfast. The other people at our table ordered the banana nut french toast and the loco moco. They both were happy with what they ordered. Our waitress was very nice. She kept our drinks filled as best as she could since the restaurant was completely packed. We didn't mention that it was our first time to the restaurant, but she must have figured it out with some of our questions. She brought some warm banana nut muffin to the table, and they were delicious.We will definitely be coming here more often on our future trips to Vegas.
3	Kudos to anyone who does not have to take a box to go because the portions here are huge! It took us a while to sort through what we wanted to try, but we ended up with the fiesta skillet (with salsa and chili), the country fried steak skillet, and a cup of chili. The main orders also came with a banana nut muffin that the BF really liked. His country fried steak was much better than mine, and I think that was partly because the salsa didn't taste fresh (I envisioned something along the lines of pico de gallo, I don't know why) while his gravy was sooo good. So that would be my recommendation. The chili was fantastic too. We ended up taking half of each skillet, plus almost 3/4 of the chili home. And I swear we were hungry to begin with!I think this is a great option if you are looking for more local food in Las Vegas that's off the Strip. Oh, we also found a buy one entree get one free coupon from a coupon book (the ones that you get anywhere on the Strip) that we forgot to use. Ugh.
2	I've been dining at egg works for a very long time now, at only this location. I'd say close to 10 times. I think it's time that I finally write a review of this place. Recently, my experiences at egg works have been very disappointing. I think one of the reasons is because of how big this company is getting. I believe it's falling into a classic company downfall where the company is sacrificing quality/consistency/customer satisfaction while expanding as a whole. My last experience will probably keep me from coming into this restaurant again. I don't eat pork, religiously. Neither does my girlfriend for personal reasons. Anyway, the last 4 times I've eaten here, we've found bacon/ham in our food. For me, it's come three times in my Chicken/mushroom/spinach skillet. And for my girl, its come once in her VEGGIE omelet. It happens once, maybe twice, no big deal. But it happening a total of 4 times is a little ridiculous. Yesterday, (10/14/2012), it happened again. I'm not the type of person who sends things back or gets fussy about things, so I informed my server, picked the ham out, and continued to eat my meal. (after the server asked to redo the dish, but who wants to sit and wait while everyone around them is eating) My girlfriend, who got the egg white veggie omelet, ate all around the edges of her omelet because the inside was so under done that it was mostly all liquid inside. We also got one of their pumpkin pancakes, but that also was underdone in the middle.  After all of the things that have gone wrong with this meal and informing our polite server about them (while we weren't assholes or fussy about our meal) we got no attention from the restaurant manager. I'm sorry, but you just served someone pork, someone who doesn't eat pork for religious reasons, and you don't apologize for your kitchens mistake? Nor apologize for the simple cooking mistakes made through out the entire meal? Naturally, nothing was taken off the bill. Not even a comp'd coffee. Now, I understand that a Sunday is very busy, but when a restaurant makes this many mistakes in turning out food, it maybe time to start looking towards upgrading the kitchen staff or increasing the amount of people in the back of the house. It seems that this restaurant, while makes a good breakfast, fails to execute in their dishes. It's frustrating because they're so miniscule, but they're simply overlooked at this restaurant.
3	Really good muffins, but everything else was very plain! Plain and heavy...so i guess it did half its job. potato had no flavor not even a tad bit salty, which meant it was not edible but we were so hungry we just stuffed anything in our faces. people working there are very nice, my phone was running out of battery and they gave me an outlet in the front desk..and when i pulled it away to take some photos..the lady actually came by and asked if i took it back because she doesnt see it there anymore. Very nice.
5	Brandy is a great server. We came two days in a row, and ordered some of Brandys selections- great idea!   We went around 2:30 and we didn't have a problem having a seat in the bar area (one day) and the main dining room (the second day).Anything you have will be great!
5	Great breakfast spot off the strip. It's where the locals go, and for a good reason, the prices are very reasonable and the food is off the hook!! You get a huge yummy banana muffin with your meal. My bf got the country breakfast and he loved it. I got the blackened prime rib eggs benedict, and it's one of the best eggs benedicts that I've had. It's little pieces of steak on top of a croissant with perfectly cooked eggs. We also got a sample of the chili which was also delicious so we decided to order it to go since we were stuffed. It doesn't seem like you can go wrong with anything on the menu since this place really knows how to cook breakfast right. Also, the staff is extremely friendly, very helpful, and patient. I can't wait to go back, and if you haven't been here, it's worth getting off the strip for an excellent breakfast!
5	This is by far THE BEST place to go for a breakfast joint. It never cease to amaze me how great it is!  I LOVE IT.  Normally, when we come here its generally always packed with a 10 to even a 20 minutes wait time. (of course i wait) because usually it means 5 minutes less than they actually say and I would not go to another place.  If it it means I have to wait, then so be it! HA.RATINGS (out of 5) 1: lame - 5:amazing!Service: 4Food: 5 (I always order the waffle works w/ strawberry & whipped cream, bacon, & egg thats over-medium or sometimes scrambled) Atmosphere: 3.8 (It is nothing fancy, but it works with the theme they have going on)
4	We've only been here once, on our most recent visit to Vegas. As a Vegas runaway some 8 years ago, I had no idea this place was here. I don't usually review a place after only one visit but in this case I'll make the exception because we probably won't be back for a year. When we do come back, I'll suggest this place to the peeps because it really was that good. Loved the menu and walked away with an Egg Works coffee mug.My only criticism comes in because they have buckwheat pancakes on the menu, which I love. However, when I asked if they were gluten free (I'm a glutard) the server had to go away to find out. On return she said no, they have wheat. WTF?! In this day and age with so many glutards out there, you have to be somewhat accommodating. I know there are many other gluten-free options on the menu, but there were no pancakes and I had a hankerin' for pancakes. This is the only reason they lost a star.My veggie omelet was excellent and really enjoyed the potatoes. My mate had a very traditional type breakfast with eggs over easy and sourdough toast. We both very much enjoyed our breakfast.In the end, I can only say that we loved the place and will be back next time around. The only thing I would suggest is a little more attention to detail and to try to do something for those with common food restrictions. Other than that, excellent.
2	I manage a breakfast restaurant, so I am more  picky than the average joe.  My first impression is a diner, not the best kept up establishment. Chipped mugs on the table. Coffee tasted old and burnt. I ordered the basic eggs potatoes and sausage and added a plain cake. I was sad I had to pay the full entree price for both (add on cake price where I manage) What was great was the muffin. Warm, moist and delicious. I contiplated buying the loaf to take back, but didn't think i would be able to keep it in tack during my  flight home. The pancake was moist, huge and tasty.The eggs were not whole fresh eggs, tasted like the carton kind. I guess I should have ordered overhard. The potatoes were over seasoned and covered in paprika the worst thing I tasted on my whole trip. I would suggest the muffin only.
5	My review of yesterday's breakfast comes with bias because we eat here all the time for breakfast.  But this is my first review.  We usually stick to our favorite dishes and don't deviate too often.  When the dish is always good, no need to change.  I always get the bacon, avocado omelet in the small portion (a bit cheaper but you have to ask for it).  My husband always gets the fiesta skillet with chorizo, no eggs.  This comes in a half-size too for reduced calories and price.  The banana nut muffin is the best!  Forget toast, you want the muffin!  We use coupons a lot here which is a nice feature for locals.  The breakfast potatoes are seasoned with their special flavor.  I wish they had home style hash browns, but they don't.  All in all, we always return and we always leave happy.  Oh yeah, and they leave the coffee carafe on your table for unlimited never-need-a server access!!
4	Such a great brunch spot!!! I have to say...Egg Works has become a must-stop every time I visit Vegas. There really isn't anything like this in LA...[i.e., huge portions, delicious, reasonably priced].My bf & I usually order a skillet and the original breakfast burrito. Both are super delicious, all thanks to those lovely potatoes on the side. The skillet actually has the potatoes all on the bottom and then covers them with cheese, eggs, and other goodies depending on what you order. You definitely have to try one!!! The breakfast burrito is my bf's favorite. I'm not sure if I like it as much as him...but I'm always down for a breakfast burrito. I think it's the salsa that makes it really. We tried ordering the Cabo burrito...that was a BUST.. it's a wet burrito...too wet if you ask me..and it just lacked depth of flavor in my opinion. Won't be ordering that again. Otherwise, the service is good and the staff is friendly. I will be returning the next time I'm in town. You should too!!
4	My mom, best friend and I were looking for a good place to have breakfast on a Sunday morning. I remembered seeing this place on my drive home one day and decided we should give it a try. The parking lot was packed, so we were afraid there would be a long wait. To our surprise, we got seated right away. That was a plus since we were all starving.My friend ordered the corned beef hash and it was amazing! It was different from any other corned beef hash I have ever had. My favorite for sure. My mom ordered the fruit plate, which was huge! They serve it with either cottage cheese or yogurt. It looked amazing and the fruit was very fresh. The only thing I would have changed would have been the portion of cottage cheese. It just wasn't enough for the amount of fruit. I ordered a bacon avocado egg white omelet. It was amazing. Plenty of avocado, which I love. I would highly recommend it.   All in all, this was a great meal. My mom keeps asking when we're going back!
4	We come to Egg Works frequently even though it's a decent drive from our house.  The restaurant is large, so there is usually not a horrible wait.  But, like any popular breakfast place, the waits can get long on weekends during high traffic times.  So, plan accordingly.  When the weather is nice, they have a patio with a few tables.I usually get the breakfast burrito, which is very large and cooked on the flat top to give it a nice finish.  My wife gets the chicken enchilada or mashed potato omelet.  She always gets a half size, which is a great amount for her.  The potatoes are squared, fried, then covered in a fantastic seasoning, basically a seasoning salt, but it doesn't appear as salty to me.  The french toast stuffed with eggs, cheese, and your choice of meat is another dish we frequently order.  The scrambles are very good as well.  Clearly, we have eaten here a lot.Once, I could bring myself to order a burger, and it was fantastic.  Large, juicy, and not overly cooked.  But, 99 times out of 100, I'm ordering breakfast at Egg Works.
5	Excellent place! The prime rib benny and the stuffed french toast stand out as my favorites! If you're a health freak, don't cry because it's "unhealthy", stay at home and make a shake or something then. We don't want you. This place serves LARGE portions, so you'll never leave hungry! Health nuts bother me.
5	I stumbled across Egg Works on a Saturday morning while driving around on a "find a place to live" mission.It was really busy.  Since I was alone, the hostess suggested one of the open spots at the counter.  I took a seat between a friendly couple and the unfriendly reincarnation of Jimmy Durante.The menu was overwhelming - which was a good thing since I was pretty hungry.  My server was quite nice, and didn't seem at all rushed in spite of how busy it was (in fact, all the employees seemed to be in a really good mood despite the crowds).I ordered a coffee and the loco moco.  Both were very good.  I've had loco moco in Hawaii many many times, and this version was every bit as good.  The rice and patty were cooked perfectly, and the gravy was flavorful without being overpowering (they also provided extra on the side).I consider myself something of a breakfast/diner snob, and I really liked Egg Works.  I won't be a full-time Vegas resident for a few more weeks, but I look forward to making this place a regular breakfast hangout once I get there.
5	My favorite breakfast place ever! No questions asked. Whoever thought of the concept of this place, from the decor to the food to everything else in the restaurant, is a bonafide genius! So thank you very very much. Decor: This is an extremely family oriented restaurant. With a large dining hall with silly pictures that features eggs (example: egg-faced Mona Lisa), it's really inviting to people of all ages. The menu looks like a newspaper with cute little cartoons all over. Service: I don't know if all the servers are required to have their morning coffee, but all of them are so perky! There's an black egg you can flip over to a yellow egg - this indicates that your table needs something. When this happens, any one of the Egg Works staff will come over and will ask what you need. What a great idea! This prevents from you staring awkwardly all over the restaurant for your server. Your server will bring your check over to your table but won't be your cashier. So after you're done with your meal, you have to go up to the front to pay. I don't mind this unless there's a huge line in the front at peak times. Then I get a little annoyed, but I guess I have to deal with it.Food: YUM. Most of their dishes come with their "Works" potatoes. Perfectly cubed and perfectly seasoned! I can seriously have a plateful of just their potatoes. You can opt out of that for some fruit or cottage cheese. I've tried many of their dishes and was never disappointed. My favorites are listed below: - Works Veggie Benny: Calling all vegetarians! An English muffin topped with fresh spinach, tomatoes, huge chunks of avocado, two poached eggs and drizzled in hollandaise sauce. This is my favorite item on their menu hands down. - Vegetarian Crepe: Calling all vegetarians, again! A hefty serving of guac, mushrooms, spinach and Swiss cheese. The Works poppy seed dressing is tangy and sweet, the ultimate dipping sauce to this dish.** I am NOT a vegetarian by no means, but the two above are DELICIOUS! **- Greek Scramble: Chicken, mushrooms, artichoke hearts, spinach and feta cheese. OPA! in my mouth. For real. -Blackened Prime Rib Benny: This is my boyfriend's favorite dish there. And I quote, "What cow danced and left a mess in my mouth?!". Prime rib lovers, this is for you. Pro tip: Portions are huge here. For a lower price, you can get half portions for most of the items on the menu. So for those on a diet, you can still enjoy the succulent flavors of Egg Works!
5	So good!! I love this place. I go once a week and have never been disappointed. Even when they are slammed they still get my food out quickly. I swear if it wasn't so good I would say its all pre made. The muffins you get with your meal are like thew best part. i have order a loaf to take home. Bad idea lol. You just end up eating the whole thing in a day.
4	The is a great place to eat. Only open for breakfast and lunch. The Banana Nut Muffin is a must and comes with most breakfast specials. My go to is the Stuffed French Toast. but the pancakes are very tasty as well and dont forget the potatoes i like them cooked well done. Its about a 15 min drive from the strip but well worth it and not over priced. I have visited this location at least 5 times. i go every time i'm in Vegas. Cant wait for my next trip
5	Oh Egg Works, how I love thee.I have been to this particular Egg Works a handful of times and I love it each and every time. The staff rules, they always have a pot of coffee waiting for me, and the food never disappoints. From start to finish, the experience is awesome.I usually get an omelet. Once, I ordered the Cincy Chili Skillet and it was AWESOME. Everything I get here is well made and delicious, including their fantastic banana nut muffins.They don't rush you, despite how busy they are, and they always deliver service with a smile.I appreciate that they show sports, even in the AM, on their TV's. What I'm trying to say is: Eat here.
3	EGG-cellent service, decent food, ok prices-a little EGG-spensive for what it was, horrible decor.  (A faux-farmer-interior designer threw up on the walls - but I give them props for attempting to be unique & creative.)I might go back if I'm in the area and need a potato hashbrown thingey fix.
4	Wow.. I was pleasantly surprised!!! My hubby and I went here after purchasing a groupon. When we walked in, it just looked like a regular old place... to my surprise it wasn't. The food was good and the service EVEN better!! We will be back for sure!! Our waitress was Christina S. She was amazing!! Very friendly and helpful!!
4	I met with four clients here for Bfast. We met around 7:00 and they were already open and quite busy. I heart the free Wifi offered and parking was convenient.My order the Cabo Bfast burrito - four eggs, chorizo, green chilies, onions, tomatoes and and cilantro stuffed into a flour tortilla. My side of choice was the potatoes and was garnished with sour cream and a slice of pineapple.Overall service was good and considering how busy they were, the staff performed flawlessly. I would absolutely recommend this location for a business meeting or personal meal.
4	We park in a lot of a semi-shopping center that looks as if it's prime was in the late 80's and early 90's maybe, and is now a bit run down. We see a tacky "Egg Works" sign, and to me it looked like one of those restaurants that tries really hard, but just isn't that good. However, according to Yelp, it's a pretty good place, and so we walk in. We are greeted by tacky decor - it's a pseudo country-farm experience with the tables and newspaper menu - the theme is apparent, but the aesthetic and curb appeal just aren't all the way there yet.A group of three, we get seated in a nice, comfy booth, which is terrific after a 10hour overnight drive. Named appropriately, they have the works when it comes to dishes with eggs. We peruse the extensive newspaper menu of everything from pancakes, waffles, french toast, omelets, eggs benedict, scrambles, skillets, crepes, salads, burgers, and even an egg substitute, if you don't like eggs but chose to eat at a restaurant called Egg Works...Anyway, we make our decision. A skillet, and omelet, and country fried steak and eggs. We get all sorts of options for toast, and are greeted with bright and friendly service.Overall, a good breakfast experience. It was the only full and solid meal we ended up having that day, and it was filling. You are certainly breaking fast with a meal at Egg Works. Anything you order is one hell of a meal!
5	Hands down, great for breakfast. Well worth the wait. Yes there's usually wait but worth it. Good for couples and families, and the staff is friendly and quick. Busy but friendly and food is great.
4	Good local spot. I wish they had places like this in LA. I always get the original breakfast burrito. Pretty solid. Salsa is good. Comes with their potatoes (uhhmazing) and their banana nut muffin (also uhhmaazing). I've also tried the loco moco. Pretty good if you're in the mood for something hearty. I've also tried their skillets. Lots of potatoes and cheese. Need I say more?
5	These guys know what they're doing! When you come in for a visit remember to get the banana nut muffin, it tastes practically homemade! :)
5	I love this restaurant, I have been going to it for years. Overall the best service, sometimes the wait is long since they are always busy but definitely worth it.The potatoes are delicious and the banana nut muffin to die for. They also serve lunch and the sandwiches do not disappoint.
5	Only been here for breakfast, but we keep coming back!Great food, great service!Can get busy on weekends, FYI :-)
2	Ive eaten at Egg Works many times and was hoping for a good experience today. Didn't happen. Seated quickly, even though it was busy was a plus, Hostess was courteous. The server, seemed ok, but I could tell that some of her surrounding tables, were agitated. (Shoulda known). Server took our order & most of the food came in a timely manner - most...The server dropped the food she had & took off - not asking if we needed anything else. I noticed my silverware had dried food debris - so I had to wait to have a staff member bring my a clean set. Also the fruit garnish - which I admit I dont usually eat - the pineapple slice was rotten (I took a pic to show I wasn't exaggerating). But the most irritating thing was that the server FORGOT to put in the order for one of my daughters so she sat for almost ten min with nothing - the server - while apologetic, didn't seem sincere. Maybe because I overheard her apologize to four other tables for similar mistakes - Heres an observation - if she would have done her job correctly in the first place - she wouldnt have to apologize. So she brings the meal - then wants to chit chat while we're eating - she just butt into a conversation that had nothing to do with her...Really???I'm not the type looking for free things but when I make a mistake - I would comp the guest the item that was in question - instead she brings a loaf of banana bread - which we didnt order or ask for in lieu of a discountI dont get to go out to breakfast with my family often as I used to  - so it is a special event for me. So when I pick someplace for breakfast I expect something close to perfection....SADLY DISAPPOINTED
5	Love this breakfast place!  We found this place on Yelp while we were in town and we immediately made plans to try it. It did not disappoint! The restaurant is spacious and had lots of room. Although it looked busy, we found two seats at the counter immediately. We were greeted by helpful and happy staff to take our order. Consist with the other review, the banana nut muffins are delicious! They were warm and super moist! We ordered the country fried steak skillet and the Denver omelette. LOVED BOTH DISHES!!! I especially loved the gravy on top of my fried potatoes and my country fried steak.Will post a picture of my country fried steak skillet. :)
1	The food here is barely a step above Denny's but that is kind of what I was expecting and was not all that shocked. The service was OK, yes just OK; a couple of things were forgotten by the server.  I could probably give this place a 2 or 3 star rating but on my visit I chose to sit on their patio since it was a nice morning.  Well, this establishment chooses to allow their patrons to sit at their tables and chain smoke...before, during and after their meals! WTF is up with that? Isn't it now law that smoking is banned within X amount of feet of the door AND where food is being served/consumed?  I'm not sure who is more to blame; the owner for allowing this or the idiotic patrons that can't put down their nicotine sticks for one god damned meal!  I mean really, you need to be holding a smoke in one hand and a fork in another!?!?!? I won't be back!
5	I wish this place was closer!  Probably good its not though  The muffins are the BEST!  I always get an omelet w/everything in it!  LOVE IT!  I do ask for light seasonings on the potatoes or it's a bit overwhelming for me!
3	Not gross, not fantastic. We've eaten breakfast here many times. It used to be really good, but the last few times that we've gone the food and service has been disappointing. I like that they'll put bananas inside the kid's pancakes if you ask. I think we've pretty much crossed it off our list of go-to places, but I'm sure we'll end up eating here again in the future since it's close to home.
4	We tried this place a few years ago and was disappointed and never went back until this week when we used a Groupon deal. We are glad we gave them another chance. Service was great. Love the fact that they leave you a pot of coffee on the table, no waiting for refills. They had french vanilla and irish cream creamers to choose from-another plus. I ordered the Veggie skillet-no spinach-extra mushrooms. It was really good and they used fresh mushrooms. Finding a good skillet is almost impossible here in Las Vegas. I will order this again. My Dad had the french toast  which he said was good.  Banana muffin was warmed a little too much, but still very good.
4	This was a very homey and comfy place for breakfast. I like to try different things so I opted for the mashed potatoes omelette. It was served with their signature home fries and a banana nut muffin. I was very pleased with my meal good portion they and definitely enough to take home. I would go back again again and again!
5	Great Breakfast!! Come hungry! One of my favorite spots in Las Vegas!
5	What a great place!! Just a little drive off the strip, but well worth the entire 10 min drive...  Will go back again and again.. One of my new favorite spots!!!!!!
5	This is my favorite breakfast place in Las Vegas!They have a variety of food on their menu but the best items to order from is their "Local/Island Menu" which includes their Portuguese sausage, eggs & rice. They give you the whole sausage; not just a couple of pieces so it's great!Oh & can't forget their banana nut muffin that comes with the meal (or you can get toast); it is DELICIOUS!!It's freshly baked so it's warm and moist.The atmosphere of the restaurant is very cute. Everything is barn themed with egg designs. The servers are friendly and the food comes out quick!And not to mention this place is decently priced. They used to have a lot of coupons in the local vegas magazines so it would make your meals even cheaper!
4	Today was my first time ever going to their  chain restaurant and I was impressed for several reasons. Today happen to be Father's Day and my Dad decided to check this place out. We went and of course not only is it a Sunday morning but it's a Sunday Morning on Father's Day. The line was insane! I was worried because I only had 1.5 hours before I had to go into work. As soon as I saw the line my first though was "This place better be worth it" and " I better be seated fast". Once we reached the receptionist my name was at the bottom of the list to be called but they were constantly calling people to be seated and it only took max 10 minutes to be seated. I was highly impressed. I have never gotten faster service than I have at this place. We were seated at a booth that was a little snug for my family but it was still comfortable enough to eat in. I was surprised that the receptionist kept checking up on us to make sure that we were comfortable and even offered to give us a different table which was completely unnecessary. It was nice to have that sense that everyone in the restaurant wanted to make sure you were happy with not only your meal but the experience as well. I ordered the Ruben sandwich which might not be the best breakfast choice but I thought it was delicious.  My parents tried the tostadas and they were HUGE and could probably feed two. Their chocolate chip pancakes were also really tasty. I am not a real big fan of breakfast food in general but after trying this place I definitely will reconsider my lack of appreciation for breakfast food. If you are looking for a casual, tasty and decently priced place I highly recommend this one.
5	This place is the bomb bomb and the people are very friendly! Great food, eggs are awesome here, I mean AWESOME. The muffins...best muffins I have ever had in my life. Soft, sweet and delicious. I come here quite often, I just came in today before work to get some breakfast goodness!
4	Love going to this place to eat breakfast. The service is great and the food is soooo good!! I love ordering the Chile Relleno omelette !!
3	Another food outing with my OG Ryan B and we decided breakfast for lunch was the way to go. We arrived around 12:45 and they weren't busy at all, which is always a plus when I have time constraints. Service was friendly and our food came out at lightning speed. I got the avocado and bacon omelette with wheat toast and cottage cheese. I ordered the cottage cheese since I really don't like the potatoes they are famous for but I was a little disappointed to find out that they put that same paprika or whatever it is on the cottage cheese so I'll have to make sure I tell them to skip the seasoning on my next visit. The omelette was good albeit a little too much cheese was added for my personal taste. Another thing I'll have to be a little more careful with how I order my meal for the next time. Overall our meal was good and very basic for a breakfast.
4	Great breakfast stop after a long flight from Pennsylvania. In-flight snacks suck and we were starving! After picking up rental car and Yelping breakfast we were delighted to find Egg Works.Service was friendly and fast. Decor was fun and bright. The food was delicious. I had the breakfast burrito and it was stuffed full, hot, and not too greasy. My wife's western omelet was also a huge portion and the potatoes were very tasty.A great find that we will definitely visit again.The banana nut muffin was highly recommended but we were stuffed.
4	I was looking on Yelp for a new place to go for breakfast when I saw Egg Works (which I'd never heard of) and saw they had several locations. Driving from Boulder City, we decided to try the Eastern and Sunset location. It was well worth the drive!! It was pretty busy but we were seated right away and our drink order was taken within seconds. The servers were friendly, diligent and energetic. The food came quickly and was delicious. I will most definately be a return customer!!
4	Great food, great service!  Went with a party of 12 they sat us and was able to take the orders and serve us quickly.  If something wasn't  right, we 'flipped' our Table Egg to YELLOW and any and all staff came to address what we needed.  The food was fabulous and huge quantities.
4	After a long two weeks in Vegas, it was time to get some breakfast before I headed to the Pinball Hall of Fame for some pinball before I flew home so I hit up Egg Works.  Apparently this place is old school and been around serving locals for years so it was a good vibe inside with a lot of the staff knowing the regulars who were in there getting something to eat.  I love breakfast burritos so I got one here and it was pretty damn good.  Because I've lost my front tooth recently b/c of a bike accident, eating is a bit more of a chore, but the one here was solid!  Definitely would like to try their other dishes as this place has a good feel to it.  No nonsense, but good food at a reasonable price.
4	delish, always top quality and fresh, love it
4	Came here w/ friends after the BADASS DASH. Starving and ready for some pancakes, a good sign of a great restaurant is a: full parking lot and a timely wait. We experienced both, what makes out better is that we're waiting to be seated and droves of people are still coming in to get a place in line.Unfortunately we waited 45mins, I almost gave then a 3star rating for that alone but they redeemed themselves by giving our entire party of 9 muffins (free charge) before the even handed us our menus.Service fast, customer service (GOOD) especially RACE DAY.  Egg Works got hit w/ a double dose of racers that day (BadAss Dash @ Southpoint and the COLOR RUN in henderson) and yes we all got in our cars for good pancakes.I don't like to go against the grain when dealing w/ pancake establishments, I go for old faithful: FlapJacks, sausage and egg...hashbrown if i'm super hungry.  Food came to the table steaming hot.  BUTTERMILKE PANCAKES: nice and fluffy, kind of like an AIR fluffiness and BIG.  No sour after taste from the buttermilk, actually I could've ate the pancakes w/o the syrup.   Really though, who eats pancakes w/o syrup???? SHENANIGANS ok back to the air quality pancakes, the pancakes soak up the syrup UM YEA - DELICIOUSEGGS and SAUSAGE: no big wow factor here, eggs NOT runny, good color, fluffy. (ok so i cannot stop using the word FLUFFY to describe this food) but the eggs WERE FLUFFY! ;-)  just a regular sausage pattie.If I find myself on this side of town again around breakfast time, then I will definitely drop in for some PANCAKES.FYI: NO SPLIT CHECK, if you're coming w/ a large group I suggest you come w/ CASH or designate that one CREDIT CARD person that will pay and then reimburse them.TRY IT OUT, YOU'LL BE SURPRISED!
5	The best Eggs Benedict I've ever had. It's all I eat there. Yes, I've had their huge Belgium waffles and their choco chip pancakes but the eggs Benedict is the best! They put their benedict in a broiling dish and smother it in holladasie sauce. They top it with a little caynee pepper and put it under the broiler for a minute or two. It also comes with a huge side of cajun style home fries. Absolutely amazing. The service is spot on. Friendly smiles and great attitudes. If you don't like something, you simply flip your egg over on your table (it's part of the menu holder) and they come fast as can be. Always someone running around with coffee so your cup never goes empty. It's what all breakfast place should be! When in Vegas, avoid the hotel buffet and come here. It's awesome! You won't leave disappointed. Just make sure to get here early on the weekends. It can be a little busy...
5	What can I say.. Egg Works is the jam.  Always a good time coming in and getting down on some awesome breakfast grub.  The staff is always attentive and always willing to accommodate.  The Works Veggie Benny is the bomb and the portion is good enough for a guy like me.  Also, although I never had them here, the mimosas available is a nice touch; something a few of my friends were willing to consider after a long night of traveling and needing to relax.Definitely a grubbin' spot and a sure favorite of mine!
4	Very good but, remember to ask for eggs soft if you like em that way. Pancakes are very good as well.
4	I happened to go here and order some breakfast, let me tell you this, you def get your moneys worth. I ordered the Santa Cruz burrito, it is huge and fully loaded w/ egg and chorizo ( mexican sausage if you dont know) and a side of potatoes. I also liked the enviorment too, the staff was friendly and helpful. I def recommend going there and I will for certainly be going back often. I enjoy places like this immensely.
5	Who would have figured that this place would have been so good in a small nondescript strip mall?? You gotta come tot his place...a. Location - Not bad, but kind of hidden away at the Park 2000 Strip Mall on the Northeast corner of Sunset and Eastern. Not quite visible from the street, but there are some signs.  Plenty of parking.b.  Ambiance - I was pleasantly surprised by the feeling of the restaurant. I was thinking that it would be small and budget like.  It was rather large, well lit, and the feeling was just right. A bit homey, plenty of room and a feeling like, this is comfy!c.  The menu - OK, I am generally not too confused and know what I like. However, this place has an amazing menu.  It is like a local newspaper with several pages.  From these amazing egg/bacon/ carb combos, to hawaiian breakfast, to omelets, salads, hamburgers, chili the cincy way.... everything sounded so good.  I opted for an omelette with sourdough toast, and I am saving myself for the hawaiian breakfast and for the chili over spaghetti.  That sounds so cool... You cannot go wrong at this place, the choices are quite amazing.d.  The service - I would say, this is more than great. They check on you all the time, they are professional, very courteous and very friendly.  I think they have servers that believe in their company, in their product and proud.  It is such a great feeling.  e.  The food - I described the menu, and the food is just as great.  Everything here works well. It just clicks. I have already come back since this lunch on Saturday to try out the meals on Sunday morning which is a busier time at their other location. Guess what, it was only a 15 minute wait.  Denny's Ihop,  WHO?  Never again.GK says, for a great experience, try the Egg Works.
4	customer service was very friendly and many egg choices if you love eggs. They even have turkey bacon and sausage. The did my poached eggs just right!
4	Do you know what's good ALL THE TIME? Breakfast! There's never a wrong time for breakfast food. Well, like most breakfast places egg works is only open half the day. That's okay, atleast my friend and I got there 40 min before they closed.I ordered the Crazy chicken omelet, well something like that. It was alright. It didn't stand out and the taste didn't amaze me.Do you know what was amazing though? They had banana bread French toast. I have never seen that at a restaurant! I was pretty excited when my friend said we should share one. If you come here, I definitely recommend it. I love that banana bread isn't that sweet, but very flavorful.The service was also very friendly. You know how girls get when they get brunch, it's never ending talking. Even though we were almost the only people in the restaurant we didn't feel rushed when we ate and caught up.
4	Big portions! Check in on Foursquare and get a free muffin (which came right out of the oven and was DELICIOUS!). You certainly get a generous plate for the price. Great breakfast kitsch. The menu is made to look like a newspaper. Super laid back feel. Not a huge egg fan but there was still plenty to order. I got the strawberry cream cheese french toast, which was almost sickeningly sweet. Would definitely try something different next time. My friends really enjoyed their skillet and omelette though.
3	Went here for breakfast on Saturday. There was 3 of us and the wait was approx 15. Not too bad for a Saturday morning, kinda of expected.Service was fairly quick, they were obv trying to turnover as many tables as possible, but we didn't feel rushedThe food was good. I order the sunrise mountain (open croissant with eggs, sausage and cheese on top), lady got the waffles and her friend got the French toast. The girls liked tier meals although the waffles were a bit too doughy. every special requests tended to, sizeable portions. The sunrise mountain was pretty good,  generous portion. It was served in a cast iron dish with the croissant covering the bottom and the eggs, sausage, and cheese melted over the top. It was pretty heavy and there was a lot of cheese on it and I will probably ask for less next time.All in all, food was good and service was fair. Will have to go back and try some other dishes and not during a crazy busy time.
4	I really liked this place. Very clean. Great food!  We went this past Saturday. It was 3 of us and we waited for less than 10 minutes to be seated.My father had the Waffle Works dish which was waffles and a slab of ham and I think country potatoes. He loved it. My mom had the blueberry pancakes. She loved them. I had the ham and cheese omelet. SOOOO good! One of the best I've had!  The banana nut muffins are really hot and good too! Everything was great! I would totally go back again!
2	They were quite busy when we arrived and it maintained the entire time we were here. I ordered French toast with a side of bacon. The boyfriend ordered eggs Benedict. Unfortunately most of the food was lukewarm at best, room temperature at worst. The muffin was good tho. Don't think we will be back since there are other places to try.
2	I met clients here for bfast since they open early. There were four in our party and the waitress was attentive and friendly.Being a homemade corn beef fan, I opted for this entree and when it arrived the size was overwhelming large like most of the entrees here. The corn beef was unfortunately overly salty and inedible so I only ate part of my scrambled eggs. When the waitress came by to check on us, I mentioned how bad my corn beef was and she asked if I wanted anything else which I declined. When our waitress returned she advised me she advised the chef and removed my entree from the bill which was a nice gesture. Everybody else in our party seemed to be happy with their food.I won't let this negative experience keep me away from Egg Works - hopefully the next experience will be better.
1	Got seated right away, sat for 15 minutes and no one came to even take a drink order or to even say ill be right with you... I got up and left. The worst.
4	Always room for growth, I remind our readers as I give raving reviews. My only beef, which is on the fruity side, is this...no FRESH-SQUEEZED ORANGE JUICE!
3	Typical American Diner.Not my cup of tea.Was edible not delicious.Service was so attentive it was almost oppressive.This is not the place to go for a quiet, relaxing breakfast.I had the veggie Benny and was disappointed, as usual.It still baffles me why Americans can't figure out hollandaise sauce.It's not that complicated people!Egg yolk, butter, lemon.
5	I'm giving this place 5 stars because it's so rare that you find a breakfast place that is so good that you no longer have any doubt where you will be going for breakfast in the future! The bacon was crispy and not greasy, all the bread was outstanding freshly baked. Of course they are famous for their eggs and I have to say they are excellent. The menu is just a dream and you can get breakfast or lunch, soups, chili all of it is really really good. Beyond that the service is exceptional they obviously go the extra yard to make sure everyone is well trained and very friendly to the customer. This place is a no brainer if you're nearby and or even across town!
4	It's hard not to be a fan of Egg Works.  What you get here is pretty much what you get at the Egg and I (their other breakfast joint), Cracked Egg, and if you're in SoCal, Broken Yolk.  Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day and when it comes this meal, I tend to keep it simple...just an omelet and some carbs. On my most recent visit, I had brunch with a couple of friends.  And for my meal, I had a 6 egg white omelet with spinach and mushrooms.  It was high carb day, so I had a bowl of oatmeal added to my meal.  The food is consistent and for egg whites, very tasty.  Oh yeah, I also had some turkey bacon that actually taste like real bacon.  As for their service, I'd give them 4 stars.  Keep in mind that this is one crazy busy Egg Works on the weekends.  This visit was mid-day and mid-week.  In other words, we were seated right away, got our food right away, and was out of here fairly quick.  Overall, you can't go wrong for breakfast at Egg Works, especially if it's consistency that you're striving for.  YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (487/500)
5	EGG WORKS (SUNSET & EASTERN) UP TO IT'S USUAL STANDARDOK, so after the fiasco at the Egg & I in Webster, TX,  (see my review "Egg & I in Webster, TX., Proves Disappointing") we couldn't wait to get back to our usual Egg Works (part of the Egg & I chain in Vegas) in our hometown of Vegas.  We bee lined there yesterday (11/30/13), and here's what we found.Usual fabulous service?  Check.   Usual tasty meals?  Check, check.  Usual fast, efficient and jovial staff?  Check.  Usual two-for-one coupon?  Check.Manager Sherie and server Raul did a fine job, as is typical of all the staff at this location.  This place is The Gold Standard in the Egg & I franchise, and should be emulated by the entire franchise chain across the US.NOTE:  The Egg & I in Webster, TX, is owned by a totally different franchisee, hence the vast difference in quality between the Houston locations and the Egg & I/Egg Works chain in Vegas.This time I eschewed my usual Huevos Rancheros and chose the Taco Scramble, something I had never tried.  It was fabulous!  I ordered some warm flour tortillas on the side, slathered them with butter, and made a series of mini-burritos.  Yuuuummm!  I ended up bringing about half of the dish home (their portions are ample) for breakfast this morning.  Double Yuuummmm!As we left the restaurant yesterday there was a line outside and we ended up chatting with a couple from out of town, on their first visit there.  We gave them one of our remaining two-for-one coupons to use, and wished them a fine day.I knew they were in for a treat, and so will you be when you get there.Dean Herrington
5	Favorite breakfast spot. The pork verde breakfast is awesome, and my wife loves the country egg Bennie!
2	Disappointing this time. Food was average and service was below average. I've had great experiences in the past, but wait staff was more interested in their phones and conversation than taking my order or bringing my food. I probably won't be back.
4	The Eggs Benedict featured a fantastic Hollandaise sauce, and our server was efficient.  Good breakfast spot.
4	Food is good. Really busy for a regular day. Servers were very attentive. My only beef was that the people next to us were loud. I guess they don't have control about that. I recommend the bacon and avocado omelet.
3	Great food, decent service, middle of the road prices.Husband and I have enjoyed different samplings.  Pancakes, omelets, original benny, french toast, etc.  All good!Kids breakfast meals are limiting.  There is only one pancake option.  It's a mouse pancake with a weird face on it.  No bacon or sausage.  This is a major issue with my ten year old.  He is too cool for the face and wants some meat.  He has ordered lunch or off the adult menu to avoid the mouse pancake.  I tried to talk him into asking the waitress to not make it a mouse and we could add a side of bacon.  Instead our server talked him into an adult meal that he had for breakfast the next day too and I threw away the eggs.I won't be back with the kids.  Three times now and we just couldn't make it worth it.  I would like to try without kids.
4	Great place for breakfast if your real hungry (the food is rather heavy).  I had the mushroom & cheese omelet this morning, was pretty good.  The seasoned potatoes were so so, kinda dry but edible.  The banana muffin was moist and delish.  Despite it being rather crowded, service was great, staff was frendly and we didn't have to wait long for a table, love that!  It can get rather loud so if your looking for a quiet place for breakfast, probably not the best choice.  We didn't mind the noise a bit, probably cause we were one of the tables being loud ourselves, hehe.
4	Yum! Lots of food and good value. The omelet is big, and you get hella fries. I didn't like the muffin too much and liked the toast more. This place reminds of Scramblz in the Bay Area. The service is great and I would come back again. I wish it was closer to the strip, but probably would be filled with crazy folks. This is definitely a nice friendly place to have brunch.
5	Great place to grab breakfast. The huevos ranchoes were amazing. Beat I've had in a long time. Did them with green sauce and scrabbled eggs. And a plus they have booze!!! With breakfast, OMG.
4	Always busy and worth the wait-though we usually sneak up to the counter and eat with Shantel. Order the Fiesta Skillet!  And, the best part, you can get 1/2 orders on all the skillets!  They are huge!
5	Our server Thaynara was wonderful and handled the bitch at the table next to us with patience and professionalism!
5	I just love this place!! the food is great and the service is amazing. ever since the first time i went in there i have never had a bad experience!! the last time i went in there i was a little confused on what i wanted to order and the server helped me choose the best meal and  i was happy with it!! this place is near my job so when ever i have time i just take a break to have breakfast there!!I recommend this place to all breakfast lovers!!
5	This is an awesome place to bring the family and friends! I took my girlfriend and her daughter for breakfast it was so good we went back the next day!
4	Went here for Sunday morning brunch. After eating all weekend on the strip I was so glad to go to a non rape pricing place. We ordered a scramble a short stack with blueberries and a skillet. Everything came out great and the banana nut muffin warm and amazing. The coffee was something that could use work tasted like foldgers to me. However the flavored creamers made up for it lol. 4 people 51.00 plus tip. Service was great food was good. Definitely would go back if I was in the area.
2	Heck no techno.Not only is it beyond busy (can't really imagine why), the staff was not helpful, orders were wrong, and the food was forgettable. This was such a let down. I was running late to a group breakfast with my parents and another couple, I told my mom to order for me. Without looking at a menu, I just said to get a Reuben.When I got there, my food was waiting for me, and everyone was eating besides my mom. I guess that the waitress had gotten the order wrong, and my mom was waiting for a new plate. My mom said that I would be arriving later, and my plate arrived early.As I tried to eat my (cold) sandwich, I asked for some thousand island and water.While we were eating, a different waitress comes and says, "I was told to bring you a muffin." Not, hello, I have a muffin for you. Or, did someone need a muffin?She sounded unhappy to be handing out delicious muffins. How can you be grumpy when you are handing out bomb muffins?Overall, overpriced, bland, mushy food.The fries were good though.This is also the 2nd time that orders have been wrong for my parents. Not cool.Thanks but no thanks.
5	One of my go to places for coffee and food. My server Divina is awesome and quick. Love this place.
5	I used to go to other breakfast places...not anymore. Once you've had something at Eggworks, no other breakfast will do...but it's not just the food...the service; from busboys, to servers, to managers, it just doesn't get any better...always a smile and a hello, my iced-tea is constantly filled (even while I'm not looking)...sometimes you DO want to go where everybody knows your name. You can't go wrong with ANY of the servers, but yesterday it was Divina (yes, like Divine, only better), who made sure everything was perfect about my order, including the toast !  Everything should run (ad taste) like Eggworks...great job everybody.
5	Traveling in to Vegas , I found my hotel continental breakfast wanting.... Travelled to Eggworks, about 10 minutes from the hotel, and was amazed! It's exactly what a breakfast place should be - good portions, good prices, friendly service, and even free wifi. We had Candice as our server and even though she was a trainee she handled out order like a pro. I highly recommend Eggworks for your breakfast needs whilst in Vegas. (I had the Mexican omelette and could not even finish the huge portion)
4	Love this place!  Huge portions and huge menu with lots of options.  I like it that they leave a coffee carafe on the table.  Our waitress, Candice, was great!  So attentive!
4	Good food good service! I liked the homemade corn beef hash and Candice was great! A great spot for breakfast. Next time I have to try their chicken fried steak
5	Candice...The Bomb Waitress!!Always has a smile for us!Best restaurant in Sin City!
5	Sunset restaurant. Excellent service and consideration by waitress Donna. Have taken many visitors there and always had good food, good service and consideration with amounts and substitutions. Highly recommend
5	Delish food. Our waitress , Donna was fantastic. From phoenix visiting with my boyfriend. Had a blast. I had the "egg-italiano".
5	Great restaurant, was recommended by our hotel as a great breakfast spot and did not disappoint. Donna was fantastic!
5	Very nice breakfast spot! We a the 4 egg omelet, very good. The service was perfect! The people were also very happy for being at work. That tells me the owners take care of workers. Defiantly a place you should go!
5	I lived in Vegas years ago and have great memories from this restaurant. I came down to visit family and celebrate my youngest brother's 21st. At that age, even a short divergence from the strip seems far too long. However, walking into this place immediately became an "eggs-celent" choice once the aromas came wafting towards the olfactis. My family deceased the heckling and were immediately enthralled by the amazing selection. In addition to the smells, the service was top notch! Donna and Ashley (in training) were amazing! I don't know when I will return to Vegas, but I will always make a little time for this stop! I hope that anyone who is need of some good breakfast will as well!
4	This is my breakfast of choice I love their muffins to start off.Than the service is always great had the sausage omelet & for dessert the stuffed French toast love that stuff.Will came back soon .
4	This was my first time visiting Egg Works on Sunset. The service was great and it had a fun atmosphere. We all ordered the Veggie Benny, mine came with an egg shell in it. The shell itself was pretty big. I was hesitant to tell the server because I hate complaining but my group insisted that I did. She was super wonderful about it. She comped my meal and gave me a free muffin (it was DELICIOUS). Unfortunately, I did get sick shortly after breakfast. I feel like the sickness was more of a result of my sensitive stomach than anything the restaurant did. I would have given 5 stars for service and food quality. I deducted a star for the shell and getting sick afterwards. I'd totally try it again though!
4	This place is hopping with happy employees. Our server is VERY nice and cheerful and did an excellent job of explaining the menu.
5	There is a huge menu. Lots of omelets, crepes (crepes are made witha very thin layer of egg), waffles, sandwiches, and more. I started my meal with a banana muffin. It was large enough to be a meal by itself. Moist and very delicious. They accommodate changes in the menu items including half orders, egg whites only, etc. Service is  consistently friendly. Highly recommended.
5	Donna and the entire staff was great.  Three different waitresses asked if they could provide us drinks or take our order, food came out fast and Hot.
5	Just got done eating the most delicious Veggie Benny at Egg Works. I can never eat breakfast anywhere but here. There food is always so scrumptious and there staff is super friendly. Speaking of staff, Donna is quite the wonderful waitress. She was fun and attentive to our needs. We didn't even have to wait for a refill. I can't wait to come back next weekend.
5	I love this place. Their veggie Benny is amazing. I regret to get a Benny anywhere else since there is no comparison. Donna , our server was awesome and we will surely be back next weekend...maybe tomorrow.
5	Great breakfast dishes. Believe it or not you can have any dish without eggs and they will substitute fruit.  All the staff are efficient and friendly, but Candice really stands out.
5	Great service - especially Adrienne. Rochelle the manager is pretty cool as well. Great food - Loco Moco is my favorite.
4	Very pleasant and helpful staff.  Donna our waitress made this a very special breakfast experience for visiting guests.  Food is good and the staff is awesome.
5	Donna was great!  She was super friendly and accommodated our large party of 9. She met all of our nit picky special request with a smile. Make sure to get the banana nut muffin. That was keeps us coming back
5	Donna was attentive, friendly and upbeat. We always enjoy coming here. We had a little mishap with one of our dishes but Kady took care of us. Hands down the best service every time we come! Thanks Donna!
5	Donna was awesome! The food was fantastic! Free banana nut muffins for the newcomers to boot!
5	Back again. The wife was right about the tuna melt - top 5 lifetime for me. The seasoned onion rings were great. Candice was a great server.
4	I go here every week because I love the food and thorough service. This place has a diverse menu and generous portions. Candace is wonderful and has been taking care of me for years. During my most recent visit, I met Ashley who was very sweet, proactive and attentive.I love this place, and will continue to come for years. Thanks, egg works!
5	I absolutely love this place!!! Donna was our waitress yesterday and she is fabulous. She regularly checked in to make sure we were okay, and our glasses were never empty. Can't wait to go back!
4	Trying to avoid the line for brunch at Egg and I? Wait no further! Sister restaurant of Egg and I.Came with a party of five at 11:15am Saturday .. no wait! Opted to sit outside in the gloomy weather since it was a little warmer than with the AC turned on inside. Mediocre service, the girl seemed like she might have just moved here from another country with an accent, but she was clearly trying.The flavor of the banana nut muffin (must have item) was just as flavorful, but the outside poofed and spilled out too much; it was a little hard on the edges, We also had the stuffed french toast with turkey (3/5: turkey patty lacked flavor), bacon & avocado omelette (3/5: average, nothing spectacular), and a skillet (4/5: not sure the exact name of it but the best of what we ordered). Prices are decent for the portion.Big parking lot shared in a plaza with other stores and restaurants.
4	Place is always busy but they get you seated and served quickly.  Out server Mariia was very nice and attentive(hope you win the trip to Disneyland!).
5	We had great service and great food! Candice was fantastic!Very large variety of egg dishes. Very satisfying and fresh. Everything is made the scratch...even the hot sauces.
5	Waitress Donna recommended omelette with avocado .....it was great!.....and she was great!.....will be back every time I'm in town!
5	Great breakfast spot!! Menu items are amazing! The banana nut muffins are to die for!!! Service is great! Cheri was wonderful!! I always stop in for something awesome when I come visit Las Vegas!!
2	Pretty good food just average huge portions!! worth going maybe during the weekdays for breakfast meetings except weekends are horrid very busy and patrons allow kids to scream and yell when politely asked them to stop the child so we could enjoy our meal they said f... You. Management was at the next booth and I'm sure heard it all as she was looking at me said nothing ..... I sure didn't appreciate the cussing in front if my kids.... Probably wouldn't go back unless was the only option ..... Management should have more control of the chaos
5	The best banana nut muffin ever! And the food is just so good! :) I'd definitely recommend this place to everyone! Also had great service from Donna, she was super sweet and very attentive!
5	On visit to Las Vegas I had the pleasure of eating at Egg Works. The food was great ! Even better was the service. My server was Donna. Energetic and funny, not to mention incredibly easy on the eyes.  If I owned a restaurant I would hire a hundred of her. Also I got  free muffin because it was my first time there.  I will be back!
5	I love going to eat at egg works. The food is amazing to say the least but our sever Donna was what made the visit pleasurable & fun.  She was very helpful and was fast and efficient. We will be back for sure! P.s. get the French toast it is soooooo good.
5	This was my second time to this location and I left feeling full and happy. The staff is definitely the best part. The food is good, but they really do a good job of making me feel welcome. Donna was my server and Eden was training with her. Both of them were great. I will be coming back!
5	Had a great breakfast as usual!! Blueberry pancake sandwich, yeah buddy!!  The service was top notch, a special shout out to our server DONNA!!!
5	Mariia, our amazing waitress, served my crazy family of 8 this morning! She was absolutely patient with us and got all orders right despite 8 people asking questions all at once and talking over each other! The food was amazing as well, I got the chicken enchilada omelette and a waffle with whip and strawberry on the side- super yummy- and gave me two teas without me having to ask since I couldn't make up my mind. But anyway, she accommodated us from the beginning to the very end. Always a delicious trip at Egg Works! :)
4	We come here most Sundays and enjoy the food there are two things im usually weary about though ... the tomatoes (they are typically mushy and over ripe) and the coffee cups ( they put them face down on the table and the rim is usually dirty or sticky).   Today Donna was our server and she is very attentive. Took our order correctly and quickly with only one exception. I ordered a bowl of chili with crackers so I could share with my girls and she forgot the crackers (twice) but she is very pleasant and does a great job! Will definitely keep coming here on Sundays. :)
4	Met up with a family friend up here.  The breakfast was good our server Donna was great.  The banana muffins were really good
5	When my parents come to visit from California, we always go here for breakfast.  The service was impeccable, and the food was delicious.  Donna, our server, was friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful with suggestions.  The wait to get a table was about ten minutes, but on a Saturday morning, that's not too bad.  The food came quickly, and everyone loved their meals.
5	Service and food deserves 5 stars!  Parents approved.Our server Dolly was a doll! She brought us out 2 extra banana nut muffins on the house for no reason. We must have been some good lookin' customers!! Just kidding =POmelette's are never a bad choice here no matter which one you select of you love eggs. All come with cajun potatoes and your choice of toast or banana but muffin (go with the muffin if you haven't tried it already and thank me later)!Order from their specials board located in the waiting room! There's a reason they're special :)We had several different staff members come to ask if everything was okay, not just our server.
5	Our first time eating here in Las Vegas and the food and the staff were awesome! Donna was our server and she really went above and beyond for us. Will definitely be coming back, thank you so much Donna for your hospitality and bright shining personality!
5	The food was awesome!  And our waitress Donna was the best server I'd had in a long time. Thanks!
2	We wanted some breakfast close by.  We should have just drove to Omelet House!!!Our server seemed pushy. Like she had a million things to do and we were holding her up.  We told her that we haven't been here before and instead of selling us their top dishes or specialties of the house, she just said "ok I will be back." Really!!!Food is ok. Way better food and less expensive at other breakfast places. Hubby's chicken fried steak tasted processed. You can't make that fresh?Server gave us our bill right after she dropped off our food. Even though you say "take your time", you might as well have told me to hurry and eat. I need that table!!!  Don't like the concept of the yellow and black egg when you need something. It makes the servers lazy and not work for their tip.  You still need to check on your customers even though they might not need something from the kitchen. Food was ok. Worst customer service experience.  Sorry. She seemed new.  And if she wasn't, please help her!!!
5	Egg works is probably the best breakfast restaurant chain in town. We usually go to the new one on eastern near seven hills. This one is pretty much the same in quality service and excellent food. Donna was our server and always close by to check on what we needed. We never had to wait long for refills or anything else. We might have to start coming to sunset over eastern because Donna was so great. We had different omelettes today and both were delicious. The potatoes are always amazing even though I'm usually a hash brown guy. Won't stop coming to egg works.
4	The food is good & the service is always great! Never had a bad breakfast here, only thing I don't like is there were people smoking on the patio. There is nothing worse than trying to enjoy breakfast but having to do it while inhaling someone else's disgusting habit.
4	First time at this location. Great service. Our server was andrienne and she was awesome. I ordered the breakfast burrito. I really have no complaints. Definitely the best egg works/egg n I I've been to.
5	Two amazing discoveries: Best Banana Nut Muffin ever AND our waitress DONNA!!!Great family "Diner"
5	I don't live in the area but whenever I'm in town, I always stop here for breakfast. Their waffle with whipped cream and bananas is insane! They have the best servers there, too. Based on my visits, DONNA is the friendliest, funniest and most engaging of them all. Great job Egg Works! Can't wait for my next trip. :-)
5	I always leave happy and satisfied. Food was delicious my servers name was Donna, she was fast and very nice.  Must try this place!
2	For a few years, this has always been a favorite of mine -- however --- that changed yesterday. Here is my account:Service is always great. If this were just about the service it would be a 5 star rating. My favorite waitress, Candice (Enter into drawing) is off on Tuesdays so I was served by Dolly. Dolly is another of many friendly and bright eyed servers with an ear-to-ear smile.I ordered the "Works Burger". The first problem was that I was not served one. I'm not really certain which burger I received, but it was not a "Works Burger". It did have the Swiss Cheese I selected, and the grilled mushrooms & onions. However, it was missing the Bacon! OH NO! Not the bacon!The second issue was that I ordered "medium" and this burger was "well done". Initially I would assume the wrong item was removed from the window, but I will still hold this against the rating as burgers are all served extra-rare or well done. There is no middle ground in this restaurant, so if you want anything in the range of rare through medium well I recommend you not order a burger. (This has been an on-going issue for some time now). Also, the bottom of the bun was so soggy I felt it had been dropped into a sink. It was only 1/8" tall as it was squished down from the burger.Lastly, I have issues with the consistency of their food. Some days the tuna salad is dry. Other days it is runny mush that even the biggest fan of mayonnaise wouldn't swallow. This holds true for many items, and on this visit the potato salad was so full of mustard I couldn't eat it. Bright yellow like an egg yolk.As a side thought, I will not complain about my food in the restaurant. Dolly checked back a few times -- but it was my choice to not tell her about my issues. I won't say that I am not returning (pardon my double negative), but burgers are 100% out of the question.
5	The food is delicious and the best part is Donna, our server:) She has a very pleasing personality and very attentive to her customers.
4	I always love this as a treat to myself.  It's a quick solid go to for a good hearty breakfast.  I almost always go here alone and just walk immediately to the breakfast bar.  Quick service and within seconds i always get my own carafe of coffee.   Food is always pretty solid here.  Aim more for the omelets though.  I've gotten waffles and pancakes here and they're fine.  But you'll probably forget what you ate after about an hour because they didn't leave an impression.  My go to favorite though is the Chili Rellano omelet.  My mouths watering now just thinking about it.  Slap some hot sauce on that bad boy and you got this cheesy, chili, egg, spicy piece of deliciousness in your mouth.   I always go to work and brag about what I ate after that sucker.Give this place a go.  Solid service and decent food.
4	Donna is awesome! Very attentive and friendly. I will always ask for her when I go to Eggworks.
4	The service was really good. Shantel was excellent and has a great sense of humor. The whole staff was really great in general. I watched them a little and noticed how well they were working together. That alone makes it worth returning. The food was good. I got a waffle which wasn't awesome but it was good. I think next time I should try some of the stuff that they are known for.
5	My second time eating at Egg Works about a week ago. Once again the food was fantastic. On a  scale of 1 to 10 it was a 10. My server Donna was a 15. Funny and friendly. She made an already great experience even better. I WILL BE BACK!  Dr. Boston
5	Second time we've eaten at Egg Works while visiting Vegas.  This place is yummy, good service and quick getting your food.   Our waitress DONNA was awesome!!!!  Don't forget to order a homemade banana nut muffin... They're to die for......
5	Service and food were great!!!  Make sure you request Donna as your server she is awesome !!!!
4	I really like eating here. The food is delicious. The banana nut muffins are super tasty too. Eat here... it will make your tummy happy!
1	Two weeks had passed since the original review and after a couple emails with Egg Works exchanged I was assured that they had fixed the problem. I had returned on 05/23/14 and ordered the Patty Melt. I must say I would have instantly traded this burger for one that was well done. At best, triple-extra-well is the best way to describe it. I had noticed that the food was taking a long time to cook -- and the reason was that my burger needed an extra 15 minutes on the grill. If only there was a way to post a picture on an "update".Briefly described, both the bread and burger were on the grill far too long. One side of the burger patty was blackened and crunchy, like it was forgotten. Forgotten, but still served to the customer. The bread was grilled to the crunchy consistency of a cracker. After this visit, it is safe to say I will not return.
5	The service at egg works is great the waitress I had, Donna was just great she took care of my boyfriend and I. I would recommend her.
5	So we walked in and the first thing we noticed were the coffee cups facing up instead of being face down on the table... we couldn't believe that ownership would actually listen to our needs and act on it! it was very nice not having to order coffee out of Styrofoam cups. Two thumbs up!!!! The food was excellent and the service friendly as always. I love this place.
4	I went there for lunch my brother and I, and we had the cheeseburger, I wanted mine medium and my brother's well done. Unfortunately both burgers were well done but the waitress (Candice) noticed that and asked me if I would like my burger to be replaced. I didn't want to wait anymore so I just when ahead and started eating it. Suddenly, Candice came back with our check with a 20% off. She was great about it and apologized about the burgers being messed up.
5	Love this place so much! The skillets are great and the banana muffins are so yummy! Service is always good and it's a great happy place to have breakfast. They even have loco moco- one of my husband's new favorites. Tastes just like Hawaii. The portions are HUGE and the prices are very good, especially for the quality and the amount of food that you get. This place and the Hash House A Go Go are our favorites.
5	Had breakfast here meeting my sister that I hadn't seen in years... Was a little worried at first with it being so busy ... Let's just say the wait was well worth it... The service by Donna the best ever and the whole entire staff was quick and listened to our needs thank you so much for making our breakfast experience amazing
4	The most awesome banana nut muffin is what you must have with your breakfast...you can get regular ol' toast anywhere, so don't waste the opportunity. Great selection of breakfast items and I especially like the whole wheat or buckwheat options on their pancakes. Christian served us swiftly, with humor, and an awesomely entertaining  (Jersey?) accent. We've been here twice, so far, and from what we see...all the servers are amazing. And for us, that's just as important as good food. "Glad we had this talk."
5	Best place for breakfast in Las Vegas. The mimosas are great and the food is good and you get huge portions. The wait can be long sometimes but if you go early it's not too bad.
5	My boyfriend and I love this place. We go here almost very Sunday. We always get seated right away and all the servers are very attentive to our table. Today we had the lovely Donna as a server. She was an absolute delight even though she was super busy she made time for us. Good luck with Disneyland Donna!
5	Great breakfast / brunch spot. Love the newspaper menus, friendly service and egg-ceptional omelettes. Natasha, our waitress was friendly and attentive.Not my first time here, will be coming again.
5	This was our first time at this location. Everyone was nice and we were seated right away. Our waiter Christopher was fast to take our order and bring us our coffee! The food came out fast and hot and our order was perfect! We will be back! We have been searching for a breakfast place and we finally found one! Thanks Christopher for being so nice and for having a fantastic attitude!!!
4	Good food and service. Adrienne was our server. She was nice. Portions seemed to have gotten smaller for breakfast, but not too much. Turkey bacon was a bit small and extra was a bit overpriced. Other than that, we enjoy coming here.
5	Donna was great! We had a special situation and she took care of us without a problem. Best service ever!!!
4	Great customer service, this was my second time visiting and  I was treated well, and our food was right on time, for a large group like ours 15 of us,I was surprise at the swift serve along with still providing quality food. Great place for eggs
5	We all know that Ms. Shantil is an AWESOME server.  Her friendliness and great customer service skills is what keeps us going back, along with the YUMMY food. Everything we have ever eaten there has been of great quality and taste.  We look forward until our next visit. *:) The next time you visit Egg Works on the weekend and your able to sit at the counter,  you can watch and get to experience the way that girl works!! Go Shantil!!
5	Great food    omelettes are huge so we split one...they do this at no extra charge...Donna was our server and was great!
5	Steve and Paula had a great breakfast this time we are glad to have met the super server Christien  she was out of this world making suggestions on good up selling and on key to our needs first class server !!!! Be careful u just might loose her she good if I had a food business she would be working for me for sure as a mgr of the store she rocks  !!!! Watch this girl she's a up and coming  mgr for sure !!! Thanks for our wonderful time and meal Steve and Paula
4	Great food, even better service.  Ask for Amber.
4	We were told about egg works from a friend that lived in Vegas.It is not disappointing.. Great service today from Eden .Great food as well
5	Thanks for a great brunch, Donna. The veggie crepe and banana nut muffin were yum!My husband had the works crepe and he said it was really good.
5	Breakfast all day!  I love the Sundance Omelette, and Candice did a great job for us.  I travel here from Salt Lake and have to eat here when I am in town.  Menu has several different items, service is good, and food comes out quick.  Price is excellent as well.
5	Amazing! excellent service and great healthy clean food Donna did an amazing job helping us choosing our delicious meals I will come back!
5	Awesome place! One of the best omlets in America. And the bannana muffins - oh my! You have to try one. And Christopher was super nice! This place is a must.
4	Our waitress was very sweet and accommodating. The service was really good! If it's your first time here you get this bomb ass banana muffin. SO GOOD. Must try!For a breakfast place, I thought the food was ok.
4	Donna was very friendly.  Food was amazing.  Try the loco moco and the biscuits and gravy!
5	Sat at the counter and was waited on by Shantel.  She was very friendly. Great service and deserves to go to Disneyland.She made breakfast fun. Food was great!  Have the chili relleno omelet.
4	Great hearty breakfast service is a little slow but that could have been because no one explains that they have an egg u flip for service very much like Bubba Gumps lic plate gimmick but food was perfect for the hungry man try the skillets!!
5	Love eating at this breakfast place.  The food is always good. My favorite waiter is Chris. He is courteous attentive & always remembers what I like to eat. He is a 5 star waiter!
5	Great service, huge portions, great value, clean restaurant, heaps of parking. Donna was our server.  She was great.  Friendly, efficient and quick service.  Loved it!We had a party of 12 so we were impressed with how quickly our food came out.  Everything tasted great.
5	Amber was our server, she was excellent!  Blackened prime rib benny was delicious, my boyfriend got the stuffed french toast which was amazing. We were greeted and seated promptly, coffee pot on the table for easy refills.  Wonderful meal.
1	OK...there comes a time when you must have an Intervention with those you love. I guess its no different with the restaurant you love...and so its time for an Intervention. No one...NO ONE likes your "works" potatoes, frozen premanufactured potatoes which are then fat fried and over seasoned...yuck. And then offering a substitute of McDonald's hashbrowns...or rice?Good breakfast restaurants always have GREAT potatoes...please, PLEASE take a look at this!You know what...we just decided between this and the "big" pancake policy - we are just going to find another breakfast spot that gets it. Good luck to you and your crappie potatoes!BTW...nothing to do with the servers...they have always been stellar.
5	This has become my favorite breakfast place in Vegas.  Above all, I feel the customer service is the best but the food is pretty good too.  I had the egg white, mushroom, artichoke, etc omelet, potatoes and fruit.  My kids ate everything on their plates which is unusual.
5	This place was awesome!  Thank you Donna! You were so pleasant and had a great idea with the Veggie Omelet & broccoli. Delish!
5	Three of us had breakfast on Tuesday. Donna gave us excellent service. She seemed to be one step ahead of our needs. The food was delicious. We can always count on consistent and delicious food at Egg Works.
5	Delicious breakfast fare served fast. The complementary bran muffin for first time visitors was just right. Our server Donna is aMAYzing, too!
5	Had a mashed potato omelette and my wife had a western omelette. Both were great and the waitress Donna was top notch and gave first class service!!
3	We eat here occasionally, just had lunch the other day. Food was SOLID as always. Unfortunately our server, Christian, I believe his name was was almost unbearable. I have never had poor service here but he definitely made our lunch awkward and his behavior was blatantly even annoying his coworkers. My dad will probably never come here again if only to avoid this waiters "Joe Pesci" shtick
5	I have gone here twice in the last week already, and although they are always busy, they try their beat to seat you right away. Both times that I have went, the wait was no longer than ten minutes. Their banana but muffin is hands down the best muffin ever. So is their country fried chicken skillet, waffles, pancakes, & island plates. My husband and I are trying to make this our Monday morning regular place to go to till the day we grow old together. Love this place and their delicious breakfast/brunch foods.
5	We had a wonderful breakfast and our server Donna, was extremely attentive to our needs!
5	Great food, this was our first time here.  Our server Adrienne was awesome!  Great experience overall, highly recommended.
5	The waitress Donna was amazing it was my bday she and her co workers sang to me she was very energetic and always came back to check up on us best service ive had in a long time
5	Carnitas huevos rancheros. Oh so good. And our server Natasha was fabulous. I love the concept that on busy days if you need anything,  all you do is flip the sign and the servers know you need help. Genius! Wish one was in my neighborhood. ..
5	The food and service are always great!! A shout out to my server Maria! She is excellent. I hope you win!
5	I just love this place!  I took the family here for breakfast before heading to the airport for our annual trip to Disney and the food and service was great as usual.  Donna was our server and was very friendly and made our breakfast extra special.  Definitely will return!!!
5	All the food was amazing, as was our fantastic server, Donna. She was very sweet and quickly got our food out. Great experience!
5	Last week I moved to Vegas. I didn't think the people here were going to be very friendly but my first time to a restaurant changed all of that. My server Donna was the best. I am from the east coast and people are very different then in Vegas. She was so fast and i never had to tell her at all to get my refills or anything. She was on it!She made me feel like i have lived in Vegas my whole life. She recommended to me the works patatoes and delicious they were. I will be back every weekend from now on! Thanks Donna, and Egg works!
5	Please send Dolly to Disney.... She was very friendly & inviting... We enjoyed quick service & great food.. She made Egg Works feel like the happiest breakfast place on Earth...
5	My second trip to Vegas this year and my second time eating at the Egg Works on E. Sunset. Once again the food was great. My server Donna was even better. Funny and always a smile. I plan on eating there every time I'm in Vegas
4	I had one of their skillet breakfast and it was great! Loaded with lots of fixing and enough to bring home leftovers. Our server Donna was also very friendly and we didn't even have to ask for refills, she was fantastic!
4	Great place for breakfast/brunch.  The Works Omelet was very good and the warm banana nut muffin with butter was awesome.  Natasha gave great recommendations and was a terrific waitress.  Send her to Disney!
4	I really enjoyed the avocado and mushroom omelet, the turkey sausage was really good and I would recommend those items and pancakes to any one!  The one big downer is the breakfast  potatoes are cheap frozen garbage.   The seasoning is over the top bad  and you have to drown them in ketchup just to get them down.  The server was good and in a whole we enjoyed the over all visit .  We look forward to returning for breakfast again.
5	Being from Kentucky, I have a deep dark desire for biscuits and gravy.  So when I ordered it here in Vegas, I was expecting a pale, underseasoned paste that someone called gravy.  I could not have been more wrong!  These people know what they are doing.  The roux was browned perfectly and the mix of seasonings made this the best gravy I have had IN MY LIFE!!  Gigantic portions that I could not finish made this a place I'd come back to town for!When you go (and you know you want to), ask for Natasha.  Great service with a warm smile.
5	Absolutely love this place food is awesome staff is great and we will continue to come back here! A little added bonus for our visit today is that were enjoying our breakfast in the rain and our waiter Christian has a awesome personality and was verry respectful to my family! Keep up the good work guys!
5	Came back again.  Our server Donna was awesome, again great food, quick, and tasted great!  Somehow we got right in today without a wait but even if you do have to wait, it's worth it.
5	Donna was very friendly...great service!!!
3	Good potatoes and bacon, scrambled eggs fairly dry. Nice hot sauce choices; much better than the usual Tabasco. Good service, and very reasonable prices.
4	Good breakfast spot
5	Just flew in from Boston and stopped in for lunch. Half of us had breakfast and half had lunch.  The food and service were both excellent.  A big shout out to Candice, she was great, took great care of the 9 of us. As we say in Boston, she gave us wicked good service. Thanks.
3	The 3 stars is based on service, our server spent most of the time standing at the kitchen window instead of paying attention to her tables.  I saw her 2 tables down, she saw us sit down but never came over to say hi, offer drinks, nothing.  I watched other tables come in, sit down and immediately get welcomed, asked for drinks and had orders taken.When our server finally came she was cheerful but you did not feel like she was sincere in her passion for you, you could tell this is just a job.The food is always good so we will be back and hope for a different server next time.So today 8/7/14 we went back and had an awesome server who really took care of us.The only issue was the girl at the register who when I presented my groupon to her, she tried to tell me it had already been used.  I told her no, I just bought it it had not been used.  She got a real attitude with me pulled out her device to check it, saw it was not used yet, never apologized just had a real attitude the rest of the transaction. Very poor & disrespectful customer service from the register.
5	Donna was our server today, she always makes our visit to egg works even more enjoyable. She is quick, efficient and friendly. Donna goes above and beyond to make sure her guests are happy. Not to mention the food here is always delicious and fresh! Thank you Donna!
5	Love this place!!! One of the best breakfast/brunch place in town. All the Egg Works and Egg and I all over town is good. Service is good and the portion of the food is huge. Everytime my boyfriend and I go here the staff is always so friendly and so attentive. Their coffee and nice and strong for all those coffee drinkers (coffee lovers).
3	Breakfast food is good and I should've stuck to that, but I went to breakfast without much of an appetite so I opted for their house salad and muffin. Is it so hard to get a fresh salad here in Henderson?My lettuce was wilted, turning pink at the edges and had some brown spots. I asked them to take it back and the waitress kindly brought me more muffins on the house. Why would an establishment ever serve salads that obviously are closer to rotting than being fresh. Henderson, I give up on ordering salads from any of your restaurants. And Egg works, you're on my list of restaurants who rather plate any kind of food than plate quality ingredients and cross fingers that I'll just stuff my face without looking. 5 stars for the muffins though. I'll come back for those and when I'm hungry for breakfast food. Skip the salad. Who eats that for breakfast anyways ;)
5	I travel a lot, and dine in a wide variety of places from fancy to dives. This place was spot on. Food was good, came quickly and the variety for breakfast was amazing. From Crepes, Benedicts,  Omelettes, Srambles, and standard fare, everything was delicious. Our server was phenomenal and absolutely on top of it. We didn't have to ask for anything from extra napkins to water to the check.
5	Awesome food! One plate enough for two. Will definitely be back. Decent prices and great service! Our waitress was wonderful! My server was Dolly :)
4	Food is great as always! Love that the tomatoes have been awesome lately... not mushy or over ripe. :)
4	My friend Christy and I had an exercise class on the other side of town, so we thought we'd stop for breakfast afterward. Although I've been to the Egg & I on Sahara countless times, I had never been to Egg Works on Sunset. Same good food, same crowded environment. And, thankfully, same awesome seasoned potatoes!Although it was not quite 11, we both opted for lunch rather than breakfast. Christy had the reuben, and I had the Carlsbad club, which was sort of like a regular club but with the addition of avocado and the subtraction of the middle piece of bread. Christy loved her sandwich (and it did look pretty good), and my sandwich was good (not great). But we each ordered a side of the aforementioned potatoes, and that IS a great thing. I'm sure the "secret ingredient" to these little potato chunks is just Lawry's seasoned salt (or something comparable), but that seasoning makes all the difference.The restaurant was crowded, but we were seated quickly and our food came out fast. They have a little egg-shaped flip card on the table so if you need service, you can turn it from black to yellow and someone will come to your table ASAP. We used the flip card to ask for takeout boxes, and they were Johnny-on-the-Spot about responding. And to top it all off, I had a BYGO Entertainment book coupon, so both our meals (with two iced teas) were under $20!Depending on which side of town you're on, you can probably find an Egg Works family restaurant somewhere near you. And I suggest you do, if not for their myriad egg dishes, for -- what else? -- their tasty taters.
5	Wow!  I am so impressed by this place!  I don't like going out to eat much, and especially not for breakfast because I'm usually disappointed. So, when my BFF asked me to come with her to use her Groupon, I braced myself for mediocrity.  Boy was I surprised!  Our sever Dolly was so sweet, too. I was excited when I saw the chicken enchilada omelette because I never even thought about making that at home!  So, Dolly said it was amazing, and I ordered it with corn tortillas on the side (it just makes more sense, right?).The Chicken  enchilada omelette definitely made my mouth happy!  I needed a bit more of their extra smoky enchilada sauce on the side, and the potatoes that accompanied were also equally impressive .I can't believe that the food was so well seasoned. Usually I need a whole lot of salt and pepper for the eggs and potatoes, but not at Egg Works!  The little happy and sad egg faces on the table were a nice touch,  too. As soon as I flipped to a sad egg  I had a sever coming over to check on me before I could even say "egg works."  I like the concerted effort of all of the wait staff to ensure that every customer is pleased regardless of whether or not it's "their station."Yes, I will definitely be back in the future to try some more of their unique breakfast creations! I'm a HAPPY EGG!  :-)
4	It's nothing extravagant for breakfast. Certainly not Tableau. But the Eggs Benedict are great along with the banana  muffins. It's not a small meal so come hungry or you will be leaving behind a great meal. The chicken fried steak was good as well. Service with their lil egg you flip when you need something makes it convenient to get a servers attention. I will be back....oh they service alcohol as well. Always nice for a hangover
3	I've been several times. The foods good, portions are big and the service is usually pretty good. You will get the occasional bad service if they are super busy. I won't come here on the weekends because it's too busy and the food isn't good enough to warrant waiting that long.
5	Love it here! We sat down and our server Donna came right away. Service was great and food came within 15 minutes. Service definitely makes breakfast dates, especially so early in the morning. Our server was very attentive and sweet. Country Benny was delicious as always. My boyfriend had the cheese enchilada ranchero and pretty much liked the plate clean!
1	Wow, I feel bad for everyone who wrote glowing reviews.  They obviously have been subjected to really awful food all of their life.I got the chicken fried steak with over medium eggs and one of the muffins everyone raved about.  Everything came with enough salt to preserve my digestive organs for the afterlife.  The potatoes are cheap, frozen cubes soaked in season salt...inedible.  the gravy was also way overseasoned, might of had some potential if not for that.  The banana nut muffin was nothing to write home about and had a weird texture.The husband got the avocado bacon omelette.  Though he is a hearty eater, two thirds of his food was left behind.  The omelette had a ton of cheese melted over top, usually a good thing, not in this case.  The cheese looked plastic like and he said it tasted microwaved.  He too had a large portion of blood pressure killing potatoes.The kid had chocolate chip pancakes.  Nothing to write home about but apparently way better than what we got.$41 for this lousy meal.  When we paid, the lady asked how everything was and my husband replied very salty and terribly overseasoned.  She responded by giggling like a school girl and telling him the total.  Way to handle a complaint there.  A $2 egg mcmuffin beats this junk any day.
5	Best breakfast off the strip! The muffins are homemade goodness! Every dish in full size is plenty for two! Ask for the side of fruit great variety and all fresh! Ask for server Donna, outstanding service! Our new breakfast place for Vegas always when we are in town!
4	Our server was great! We've never been here before so my boyfriend asked for her suggestion. So we got the Chile Rellenos omelette and Chicken Enchilada omelette. We also had the banana nut muffin, which didn't look like much but don't be fooled, tasted amazing. The portions were big, we left happy and satisfied, only mad we didn't find it sooner.
5	i wrote this place off as being just another breakfast spot for a while now but this was out first stop today! and man was it the right choice!!!! its my new favorite breakfast spot.the omelets are stupid huge and comes with a mountain of potatoes.  both of ours where perfect and they come with delicious banana muffins ( some came home with me). i cant wait to try there banana nut french toast next time. we shared a plate of the pancakes, there not bad but they just didnt seem all that spectacular but in all fairness we where already stuffed when we got to them. our server Ashley was amazing! its hard to find some one who is excellent at there job and still fun. overall its a little on the spendy side for breakfast food but the quality and the service justify it. we WILL BE BACK!
5	Visiting Vegas for the weekend - our group of 13 came here twice...everything was great. Donna, our server made our dining experience a memorable one. She provided great recommendations with a smile!
5	Had an amazing experience while passing through Las Vegas en route to California. While the restaurant was crowded due to popularity on a Sunday morning, we were seated quickly and given time to explore there extensive menu. The service was great and the food even better, especially the banana bread French toast. Can't wait to return to Vegas so we can stop by again!
5	The parking lot was full I thought for sure we were going to have to wait.  To my surprise we were sat immediately.  I has the veggie works Benny.  DELICIOUS!  My hubby had  the works skillet he liked it a lot too!  We love the service!  Great place!
5	Visiting from Cali and we can't not stop in this place for amazing breakfast options! We skip the buffet for this place!! Our server Mariia was great! Super friendly and all of her recommendations were exact to our liking! The chile relleno omelet was sooo good and tasty!! Plus the portions are huge!!!!! And the banana nut muffins are the best I have ever had!! Thank you again Mariia for the egg-celent and friendly service!!!
4	Great customer service abd the good is good. You'll find whatever you have a taste for on the menu. Traditional American style restaurant. Each time we come we try to order something different. So far, we haven't ordered anything we were not satisfied with.
4	The food is good here but I am disappointed they now only offer a discount to active duty military and not veterans anymore.  This place is not near the base so active will be far and few between.  I am sure they felt like they were getting too many veterans coming here but if not for us veterans they would not be here in a free country.Not that this statement matters because I don't think anyone in management reads these.  Food is always good though.
5	Donna was our server today and she was AMAZING!!!Orth the wait for sure. She remembered everything we ordered without writing it down. Impressive. Xoxo
5	Great food and service today.  Donna was our server and she was the best, fast and friendly.  Sure will be back.
4	Best breakfast place ever. I get so happy whenever my boyfriend and I come here lol. The only thing that isn't my favorite is the tables are always so small and we're usually crammed up next to someone else's table while eating. Egg works please work on making more room in your restaurant so people aren't always squished next to each other. Plus it would be beneficial for all the Saturday and Sunday rushes.
5	I love egg works, simple as that. The food is always great and the customer service at all of their locations, especially sunset/eastern is top notch! I have tried a lot of the menu and my favorites are: Reuben sandwich, the Works Benny, and the chicken salad! Seasonally they offer carrot cake French toast which is to die for! Our waiter Perry was awesome, checked on us enough and was very friendly.
4	The food was good! Corned beef was a tad salty, but the Santa fe burrito was awesome. The service was egg-cellent. If you can be seated in Louann's section do it! She was great and tipped us off on the groupon deal. We'll definitely be back!
5	Went here with my sister and nephews . Love it! I got an omelette with bacon, sausage and other meats and potatoes. Potatoes were good they were dusted with seasoning. I had orange juice and my order came with a choice of toast or muffin. muffin was was warm it went well with meal. Kid friendly they give you crayons and paper.
5	Donna's service was off the charts.  She greeted us with a small, very easy to talk too.  Gave good recommendation on the food and had great hair.
5	Hands down the best breakfast we have ever had. The service is always on point as well. If only they had a spot in LA, definitely give these goes a try you'll be blown away :)
5	Food was delicious, seriously the strawberry cream cheese French Toast made me pre-cum.  And my server Donna was exceptional.
5	I can't get enough of this place. Everytime I'm in town from California,  this place is a must! More specifically Christian is an amazing server. HIS charisma, knowledge base of the menu items, makes for thee best experience ever. I never look at the menu, he just recommends something and serves it up right! If you are in the culinary industry as am I.....scout him out...oh and not to mention...good looking ;)
5	Adrienne was amazing!  I was here with my parents and wife and we had a great experience.  She was friendly and attentive.  The food was great, super quick service!  Thanks do much Adrienne!
5	Had great breakfast for my sister's bridal shower brunch with even better service from Donna or waitress!! Thanks for a very memorable day!!
5	This was by far one of the BEST breakfast I've ever had. The wheat pancake was out of this world. Server DOLLY was amazing and very attentive. Will definitely coming back again soon.  Send her to Disneyland.
5	Our server Donna  at the Sunset location was fabulous her personality  was a ray of sunshine!!!!!! I so enjoyed the surprise yummy banana muffin that she offered to us. Not like your location on Rainbow and the 215 I was not at all impressed with my service there I really wished I got her name ..... Oh well.
5	This place gets a 5-star review not because it is high end and swanky, but because they are crushed every single day with breakfast and brunch and the service, food, and drinks are always ultra consistent. There is almost always a wait on the weekends but you can try your luck sitting at the bar in the back. Servers are always prompt and aware even with 4-6 table sections. Only negative, which is not the restaurant's fault, is you can almost always count on a little rug-rat sprinting around the place with no parental units to be found. There's nothing worse than trying to enjoy your bloody mary on Sunday while a 5 year old knocks into your table. Green chili pork carnitas with an egg over easy and eggs benedict are both a must. Will always be back here.
5	Food very good and large menu.  If you want good, engaging service, ask for Christian (not from Ireland).
5	Great food,  even greater service !LouAnn was outstanding!!I'm an eggworks junkie!!!
4	Our server Brady at this location went above and beyond.  He was very attentive and prompt.  He even gave us banana bread since it was our first visit.  He was on top of everything!  Even gave me my to go box done I forgot it at the table while paying to leave.  I orders the bloody Mary and prime rib benedict. The bloody mary came in a cute little mason jar.  I loved the entree I ordered.  Overall the expedience we had with our server made this place great.  Food was okay,  will have to come back to try more items!
5	Went here for breakfast before our training meeting today an not only was the service great the food is always amazing.  It is hard to get disappointed with the food selection and taste at this place.  Depending on the time which we try to make it early, there is never a wait, the coffee is good and the as I said above the food is amazing.I will have to look at the receipt again for the server we had, she is tall with blonde hair and she is one of the friendliest people I have ever met there.  She is always cheerful and really cares about her customers.  Those who go in there often enough she will get to know you and will treat you like a family friend.  I highly recommend this place even though they no longer show appreciation to veterans.
4	A good diner atmosphere with large portions and a friendly staff will always get at least 4 stars. There was nothing particular about this place that made it stand out supremely to give it 5. A solid place I would go back to with a wide selection.
5	Our server Shantel was the best! She was on top of everything and one of the best servers  I have ever had at a restaurant thank you Shantel!
5	We were looking for a great place to eat that wasn't a part of the strip, and was relatively cheap but better than Denny's. This place is awesome! Great atmosphere. Tasty breakfast food which is higher quality than any other breakfast place we've been to. Relatively inexpensive prices. Very impressed and we will definitely be back next time we come to Vegas!
4	Plenty of choices for breakfast. Stuffed French toast and Las Vegas omelette were delicious with plenty to take home. Our server Perry was  helpful,courteous and very patient. We will be back.
3	Food was just ok. The restaurant felt more like a cafeteria then a restaurant. Wait staff was friendly.
5	Veggie omelet, banana nut muffin, and their onion ring sauce is so good. Overall great place to have brunch with your family. The service is really friendly and the food is so good. The wait for the food is never too long, and the pricing is excellent! A staple when I come to visit.
4	Good breakfast, huge menu, something for everyone to chose.  Natasha was our server and she was fun and enthusiastic.  Very accommodating too.  I wasn't feeling eggs so much, so I went with a crepe.  It wasn't your typical thin pancake crepe, its more like a very thin omelet.  Still, it was tasty.  I wanted all the sauce on the side and turkey sausage instead of bacon.  I got turkey bacon instead, but that was fine because my spouse said the turkey sausage was spicy and I don't do spicy.  I also wanted my banana muffin ( unwarmed) and to go, but it was warmed and presented to me on a plate.  No biggie, I just packed it in a box to go.  My spouse had the blueberry pancakes with eggs and turkey sausage.  I did think that was slighty pricey at 11.55, however, I did have a groupon( 12 for 20) so it was still a decent value for breakfast.
5	I was a little skeptical with all the high reviews, but they more than earned it.  Everything, was 5 star; service, speed of food, pig omelet, waffle, bacon, potatoes, etc.  Donna even surprised us with complimentary Homemade Banana Nut muffins---to die for ... and I'm not a big muffin fan!  Thanks Donna for the food recommendations.  It started our day off on the right foot!  We visited Thursday around 10am and were seated right away.
1	I can't give these guys a star becaue we never got served.I own a small mom and pop restaurant down the street, and this last Monday decided to try Egg Works after hearing good things.We were seated right away and given a menu. The only problem with the menu was NO HASH BROWNS.I have never been to a breakfast place thst didn't have hash browns.My husband and I waited for 10-15 min. And watched servers go right by us and NO one got us a drink or noticed we were there.We WILL NOT BE GOING BACK..
5	This place gets 5 stars hands down. It was our first time here. Welcomed with a smile. Our waiter was Eden and he was so nice and offered suggestions. He was very honest too. I asked what his favorite thing on the menu is and he said sundance special or bacon avocado omelet. I got the sundance and added avocado to it and boy let me tell you.... OFF THE CHAIN!!!! Eden was so friendly and patient. They're salsa is delicious too. They care that your food is perfect too. If it's not right they take it back and make it perfect. Eggs any way you can imagine. They hold true to they're slogan... EGGS-ACTLY WHAT YOU WANT!!!! I'll definitely be coming back my next time in Vegas!!!
5	Sorry, but if you don't like Egg Works you are probably the type who would boo Santa Claus and throw eggs at the Easter Bunny.What is not to like about this place? The food is exceptional (and huge servings) the staff is a delight (thank you LuAnn) and it's easy to get to for dumb tourist like us who get lost in the shower.Enough said. Just go there with an empty stomach or you may be sorry.
5	Sara was a great server!! Very informative of the menu, friendly with kids and she checked in on is regularly. Definitely loved having her as a server!!
5	We had a groupon for this place and wanted to try it while in Vegas. Went to the one on Sunset. Our waitress, Dolly was awesome and helped us with the menu. The food was excellent. Way more than we could eat. Wish we had one of these back home! Thank you Dolly for the great service. :-)
5	Our server Donna was amazing. It was our first time there and she gave us a free muffin and the food was great. Thank you Donna!
3	Veggie Benny not so veggie?? Thought it was supposed to be a tomato but turned out to be ham?? So confused... I do love this place and usually choose them over mimis (that got me sick on valentines day) and eww  dennys and ihop yuck! I'm disappointed but will return.
5	Orderd the cabos breakfast burrito was amazing! My father had the eggs with bacon and my mother had some pancakes mixed with blueberries, we were served by Dolly, & had an overall amazing experience you have to have the food here. A+++++*
5	It is always busy for a reason. The food is fantastic! I love the breakfast tostada. I like the place and the service is good. Plus you can change your egg upside down if you want to get their attention.
4	Christian our waiter was awesome and entertaining, had the spinach benny and bacon an egg avocado omelette ( it is exactly as advertised.) wait was a bit long but the food and overall experience was totally worth it
5	The breakfast experience I received today was top notch! Our server was on point with everything! He had great anticipation for our needs even without us asking. He even offered to make us ginger ale since they didn't serve it. Brady, went out of his way to make sure we had a great morning, I would come back to this location just for the great service alone. Thank you Brady!
5	This was my first time at Egg Works and I must say it lived up to its reputation! We were greeted and seated quickly. Our waitress, Donna was helpful, quick, and made our whole experience that much better. The food was great! The portions were more than generous and the prices were pretty good, too!  This place was pretty busy but it didn't negatively impact the service in the least.  We will be back!
3	Donna was a great server, happy and cheerful. No complaints!!The atmosphere is more like a diner and not really our cup of tea. We both had the sundance omelette it was good, not exceptional. The fruit was old. The coffee average for the kind of breakfast place it is. Would we come back? Most likely no. Why 3 stars? Donna is the reason for 3!!
5	Fast, good breakfest food and the service was spot on amazing. I loved our waitress she was really helpful. We had a flight to catch and she got us in and out fast. She even wrapped up our lunch order prefectly to take with us on the plane. Thank you
5	Absolutely delicious!!! first time visitors get a free banana nut muffin and it's so warm and soft. My wife ordered the stuffed French Toast which also comes with a side of potatoes.  Her plate was huge and of course wasn't able to finish it. I had the Country fried skillet, I almost wished I would've gotten a half portion but didn't know it was an option until I overhead another waitress mention it. it was definitely amazing though.  I added the red hot sauce that is on every table and Daaaaaamn.... Excuse my gangsta but THAT SHIT WAS AMAZING!!! Definitely will come by next Vegas trip!
5	Back at Egg works for the forth time this year. This time I brought friends from  that live in Vegas but  had never been there. They LOVED IT! I knew they would.. Food was fantastic as always and our server Donna was once again lots of fun an delivered with spot on perfection. I, and now they will never sit in any other section.
5	Simply AMAZING!! The food is exquisite, the service that we got from Candace was OUTSTANDING! I want to come here every day from now on. The loco moco and the banana bread toast are simply out of this world needless to say their OJ is sooo fresh. Congrats guys!!
5	Candice was amazing! Shes so bubbly and very helpful! We had never been before. The food was great and the service was fantastic!!!
5	Donna is awesome!! The service here is great, and it has the friendliest staff. Food is great too!
5	The meals are  great you do not leave hungry.  Ask for Ashley she is a perky joyful server.
5	OMG Becky!  Looked for something good on Yelp while visiting and Yelpers did not disappoint. 8 knew as I was walking up to the building and saw all the local Nevada license plates on all the cars in the parking lot.That Banana Nut muffin is ridiculous.  I had the Cordon Bleue skillet.  My Wife had the CornBeef hash. My Son had the Loco Moco, and our other Son had Stuffed French Toast.  Everything was Awesome, and huge portions. Only the 15year old finished his plate, those teenagers. Hahahaha.Service was on point. We had the Russian waitress. She was very fast and extremely friendly. From the food, to the service, to the portion sizes, 5-5-5, PERFECT!Now off to the Strip!!!Sorry no pics, couldn't contain myself when the food arrived........next time!
5	We had a great experience at Egg Works - we actually were seated with a server we have had at this location before, Daria, and she did a great job of making sure our meal was pleasant and we had everything we needed.  The food was simple but fresh and the skillet potatoes are always a highlight.  Also nice to support a more local restaurant chain in Las Vegas!  They are good for vegetarians but not necessarily vegans or those with nut allergies so be aware that the menu is fairly egg and cheese centric.
4	Chelsea was our server and she was great and food was really good too!  My first time there but will be back!
5	Just had breakfast @ egg works. Food was awesome as usual! Brady was very attentive and funny. Never had to worry about anything. Hubby got the mashed potato omlete.. 4 eggs, garlic mashed potatoes, bacon, chives, cheddar jack cheese served with a mound of "works potatoes" and muffin or toast. Hubby got the banana-nut muffin. The works potatoes are seasoned diced potatoes.  I got the veggie skillet.... layer of "works potatoes" fresh spinach, tomatoes, 2 eggs over easy. I left off the onions and had the cheddar jack cheese on the side. Comes with fruit slices and choice of toat or muffin. I opted for dry wheat toast and added whipped butter later so I could gauge how much was on the the toast.
5	Very busy, but the food is worth it. Only open in the morning until 3 in the afternoon I think. But I love their Egg Works potato wedges.
5	The chili relleno omelette was the bomb, add the sour cream and salsa.... Party in your mouth! I can't wait to come back to Vegas to have it again... It is a must try fo sho!!
1	Granted I just got off a 6 hour flight from Hawaii, but I wasn't so jet-lagged that I could not help noticing the hostess on 11/01/14, circa 0930 hours, so OBVIOUSLY DISCRIMINATING against us. Upon being led to a 2-seater table in the middle of the walkway in the restaurant, I politely asked if we could sit in a 4-seater on the side of the room. The restaurant was not filled. The young brunette hostess told us that she is "NOT ALLOWED TO SEAT 2 PEOPLE IN 4-SEATERS ON A SATURDAY MORNING." Being that I was with my 78 year old non-confrontational Asian Mother, I did not persist in asking for another table. Our server was very sweet, as all the servers have been in my past 4-5 visits to Egg Works. As we filled our stomachs with hot coffee, I became more and more lucid and then noticed that the 4-seater tables to the left of us and behind us had two people at each of them. I then observed Miss Hostess bringing another couple to a 4-seater across from me. The restaurant NEVER filled up while we were there. Yeah, the banana muffin is pretty delicious after a long plane ride, but I'll think twice about going to this Egg Works next time I'm in town and go some place else--hopefully, where I'm treated like everyone else.
5	The food was just out of this world and the server Daria was the best grade A+ all around thank you for a great breakfast I'm full okay later
5	Went to egg works this morning and the food was amazing our server Donna made our day my 1yr old daughter loved her
5	Just went there today at Donna is the best!! Super personable and fun! She is extremely knowledgeable of the menu and even gave me a free muffin for my first visit!! She is so sweet and I will be back just  for her!!
4	Donna was our server and she was outstanding! Water was always filled which is a big thing to me and she gave us complementary muffins which were amazing!! Would definitely come back!!
4	If I want to go to a breakfast restaurant to get satisfied AND full,  this is the place. Their skillets are really great. I ordered the "Works" skillet that included eggs, fried potatoes,  onions,  mushrooms,  green peppers, ham and sausage. Very tasty.  Add some black pepper for some subtle spiciness and you're golden. As for the service; it's wonderful.Donna was our server for the day and she was very courteous to our needs. Really great service from her.The only reason I did not give a 5 star rating was because of the pancakes that I ordered. I always order pancakes for every meal. My dissatisfaction was that their batter does not seem fresh. The only way I knew that it wasn't,  was because the pancakes were very tough to cut. My only assumption is that the batter is already pre made throughout the entire day and thus the gluten is already activated and hardened. I believe the goal to a good pancake is to NOT premake the batter and just make a fresh new batter for every pancakes order requested.
5	Came in here on a Friday morning with my husband and our son and we left with our bellies full and happy.  It was our first time and we were pleasantly surprised about the service and portions of food, as we came in there staaarrrving.  Our waiter was Christian and he was great.  He was very entertaining and on point with all of our orders, not needing the assistance of a pad and pen.  Definitely plan on going there again when we're in that area.
5	Our server Donna rocked it!  Place was jam packed, wait was 15mins but always well worth the wait!  Can't give this place enough stars
5	It was my first time here, and oh boy! I enjoyed everything!! I order the chile relleno omelette and it was delicious. Our server Edan was very attentive and friendly.I will definitely come back to this location!!
4	First time here - was invited by friends.  What a great experience!  One of the very best omelettes I have had in recent memory (I had mine with cheese, bacon and sausage).  The banana muffin was recommended by our server and it did not disappoint.  It came out right away hot from the oven and was even more fantastic after I added some butter to it.  Our server was Donna and she was terrific - very friendly and obviously genuine about wanting our experience to be a very good one.  I'll be back every time I visit Vegas - highly recommend!
5	Do not miss out! this was the best breakfast meal that I had all weekend. I wish I had an egg works where I lived. The potatoes were well seasoned and the eggs were cooked to order. Dont miss out on the banana muffin either its delicious.   The service was great. Our server was brady, he had a great attitude and was attentive. He took the time to check in with us  to see how the meal tasted and to make sure we had everything we needed. The restaurant uses a yellow egg/black egg system that alerts all servers that some sort of attention is needed at the table. This is a very helpful way making the restaurant more efficient and an overall better experience. I will absolutely return and tell everyone I know how eggs-cellent this place is!
5	My journey to egg works all started when I woke up this Saturday morning from a long night of raving at this life in color paint party. As you could imagine I was exhausted from the night before and me and my friend Sarah aka: Linda strolled in there looking crazy as shit! We had paint caked in our matted hair and we had no shame, we needed breakfast!!! Out wait was 15 minutes, which wasn't bad compaired to call the people outside the building. We finally got sat and Eden was our server. He was amazing, very sweet and despite how insane we looked, we didn't feel judged for one second! He got our drinks super fast and returned to take our order. We order the biscuits and gravy, mushroom ham skillet, and a half stack of French toast. Hahaha were out of control, but that's besides the point! Our food was great! Every single bite we enjoyed and had a really good time, the energy was flowing and I love the positivity of Eden! Great job egg works, and great job Eden! They're very lucky to have him as their employee!
5	Our server Brady was super nice and attentive. He made breakfast fun! The banana nut muffin was delicious.
5	We love egg works! Donna was our server and she was awesome! She was on top of all of her tables and took care of us quickly.
5	Great food and great service by Donna! It was our first time here so we got a free muffins!
5	Had such a great experience here today! Donna is a sweetheart! She was very knowledgeable and knew exactly how to provide excellent customer service! If i was a restaurant owner I would love to have her represent it!
5	Great food. Short wait time while place was packed on Black Friday. Great service by Donna. Would definitely recommend.
5	We ate in the barn. Now you might think we would be ignored, but Ashley was right on it, refills flowed, and service was great and the food is always amazing here. Plus she offered substitutes for the potatoes and offered me a substitute for the bread since I don't eat gluten.
5	Been here multiple times and always get friendly, fast service. I always have modifications to my order, due to dietary restrictions and they never make me feel high maintenance. Donna was my most recent server and she was a pleasure! Very energetic and helpful.
4	My family loves to visit egg works whenever in Vegas. The banana nut muffins are delicious and the Loco Moco Hawaiian style breakfast was so yummy. Everyone that works there is very nice and helpful. Our waitress Donna was very friendly and gave us great service.
5	A great little place. My son and I came to try it from a groupon I bought. I had the chili omelette with the works chili. It was very tasty and the portion was huge. The works potatoes are very good. They have like a Cajun seasoning to them. My son got the mouse pancake with chocolate chips. He got the sausage patty. Our server Christian was awesome. It was hard to decide if the food or the service was better. I definitely recommend and if u can score the groupon even better. Next time I'm in Vegas, I will definitely come here.
4	I ate breakfast at the Egg Works on Sunset in Las Vegas, NV on 11/22/2014.  It was my 1st time there.  There were three of us and we were all pleased with our food.  I had their western omelette and coffee.  Plus, I took photos.
5	Awesome every time I go.. fast friendly service...food is delicious chili reano omelet awesome...
5	Our server Donna was great! So kind and helpful. Even brought us an extra muffin!!! We'll be back. Country Benny was awesome.
5	This place is always busy which is understandable since it is always good! We came on a sundayand we thought there would be a long wait but no we got in quick and our server Donna was awesome, attentive without being  a pest. The gumbalaya was ridiculously good! As always great job Egg Works!
4	I usually go to the sister restaurant, "Egg and I" but we decided to try this location.Plenty of parking, and  I was really happy that it took only 15 minutes to be seated.  The location is bigger than the other one, and they seem to get people in and out.They have plenty of TV's and, being Sunday, it was a great place to watch the NFL and have brunch with the family. Unfortunately I'm not into football, but I still enjoyed my breakfast: the pork chops and eggs.  Its 2, thin cut pork chops, cooked perfectly served with the home fries and 2 eggs, and toast, or, their muffin.  Knowing they have large portions, I opted for english muffin.Stephen had the Cincinnati chili omelette and his mom had the Stuffed French Toast, which was stuffed with eggs and bacon.  HUGE.. where we took 1/2 of it home.Overall a great meal, and even better that we had a groupon.  It beats eating at the Strip, and we dine where the locals eat.
4	Had brunch here today and my breakfast food was as good as ever. Brady was our server and he was great: always checking on us but never bothering our conversation. Good job, Brady!
5	My boyfriend and I just moved to vegas- and this was our first time to egg works! We sat by the bar and within the first 2 mins of being seated we were greeted and asked for our Oder on drinks. And then our server Brady came and took our order. Me being a server myself I was very impressed by how everyone worked as a team here. Quick and friendly service! The fruit they give is a good variety and great portions! Portuguese sausage was amazing! And I loved the potatoes works! Enjoy our time and experience and we will definitely be back again!
5	awesome staff! they really care about the customers and their orders to make sure that they are to their liking as ordered! i'd recommend to everyone! our waitress ashley...awesome!
2	The eggs Benedict was drowned in too much  hollandaise and it was bland. Vanilla cappuccino tasted like it was from a 7-11 machine and not freshly made. Also, it was served in a run of the mill diner coffee mug. The potatoes are seasoned with nothing more special than Lawry's seasoning. I can make better seasoned potatoes at home. Service was quick. The wait wasn't long. Parking was easy. It was packed so I'm sure there are better things on the menu but I'm not sure I'll be back to find out.
5	Food was amazing but what was even better was the service! Our server was Donna and she was great !
4	Giant servings, cozy home-cooked flavors, more than decent prices. Totally in love with their loco moco. Love this place!
4	Was in Vegas for work and this place was just up the street.  Pretty crowded with what seemed like some pretty frequent locals, so it must be good huh??  yes, the service was quick and the food was very good.I had the corn beef hash and loved it....hopefully I will be back.
4	I had read the reviews online and wanted to try it.  The food was pretty decent the portions were large.. We took the muffin with us when we left and ate it for lunch on our flight back to TO.Omelettes were tasty and my husband's home fries were good.  I had fruit on the side in place of the home fries and it was a decent sized portion.My husband liked omelette house more so we'd probably not go back.  However, I would recommend this place if you are in the area.
5	Delicious food and as always fast and friendly service from Donna!  Great local breakfast place!
3	Used to go here regularly to dine in or take out. Really enjoyed the option to substitute tofu for eggs. HOWEVER, the last two times I've called (over a six-month period), they've been out of tofu. Come on! Really? On weekends?! Very disappointing.Would have given a much higher rating (considered giving two stars, but initial experiences were good enough to make it three, but 2 1/2 would be appropriate at this point). The food's been great in the past -- when they've actually had what we want.Getting less and less likely we'll keep trying....
5	Wow, loved this place.  If you can't find a dish to please your palate, you really didn't want to eat in the first place.  Our server Sarah was very attentive and if you need them before checking back the smiley face country cabin at your table gives you the opportunity to hail them.The real tip here is COME HUNGRY, as in the words of server Sarah, "it's good but it's a lot" -- I'll say I appreciate the high quality of the ingredients as well as the bang for your buck!
5	One of my favorite breakfast spots.. Our server donna was friendly and courteous always a pleasure
5	Everything here is delicious! Waffles are great. Their toast is buttered for you. The banana nut bread is a must have. And the potatoes are diced nice and bite sized with great seasoning. Great breakfast option, especially since it's better than IHOP and the lines are shorter
5	Love me some Egg Works!  Great food,  great portions, reasonable price.  The menu is very diverse,  and the staff have no problem with you switching ingredients around and personalizing your order.  Every location I've been to in Vegas can get extremely busy,  but even with the lobby full of people waiting,  as long as your group is small,  don't expect to wait longer than 5 -10 mins max.I haven't found a better place for breakfast in Vegas yet,  my only gripe is that most locations (or all) close by 3pm - so no breakfast for dinner...boohoo.Give Egg Works a shot! You will not be disappointed! Oh and by the way,  when they ask you about having toast or muffin, get the muffin!! Banana Nut is warrmmm and yumm :) You're welcome!
5	Very casual environment with a very friendly staff. Donna was wonderful and very informative. Great service!
4	Great spot for breakfast. Our server, Eden was terrific. Our 2 year old devoured the banana nut muffin and the chili telleno omelet and veggie Benedict were really good.
5	No better breakfast than the chili and cheese omelet,  especially when served by DONNA!!!!  Did I mention DONNA?  Best breakfast place in town.   And DONNA!
4	One of the better breakfast places on this side of town, good selection, nice staff, not too busy
5	fantastic food and service
5	Dope food and a great server Jonathan!  The food is Eggs-cellent!  Be sure to stop by this eggs-straordinary place.
4	We stopped here after early morning Walmart shopping for New years Eve. We had the Huevo Rancheros and I had the banana bread french toast. The BNFT was unbelievable. I would get it again in a heartbeat. Our server was Sarah and she was very attentive and wonderful.
5	Ashely was our server and she was amazeballs. She was attentive, friendly, and on top of her game. The food was delish, as usual. The restaurant was clean, patrons were happy, and staff was great.When you walk in, make sure you ask for Ashely!!
5	Egg works was just as I suspected and up to my expectations of providing great country hearty style breakfast. To top it off Ashley was my waitress and she is awesome and was a delight to conservate with and beautiful to look at. See you next time Ashley, thanks!
5	Awesome breakfast and brunch place.  We had our family reunion in Vegas, so there were 31 of us.  They didn't take reservations on Sunday, but they were very accommodating for 8:00 am and a party of 31.  The service was awesome, our server, she was so personable and on top of things, a real PRO!  Their egg dishes are humongous, 4 eggs!!  And a lot of delicious sides.  The chocolate chip pancakes were a hit as was the waffles and all. Of their egg dishes, their scrambles and egg combos are delish. Sis had the egg crepes, too yummy and big. Such a diverse and large menu, you will be sure to find something!  The seasoned potatoes were awesome.  Great restaurant, great service and awesome wait staff!
5	Amazing home style breakfast. I come here every time I am in Vegas. This location is better than the Vegas locations. Some people might not want to drive to Henderson but it's worth it. The stuff French toast with sausage is my favorite.
1	My boyfriend & I dined in yesterday morning and ended up getting food poisoning for the rest of the day, which also ruined our plans for the day considering that I'm on vacation. Although we had an excellent server, I'm afraid to eat eggs and cheese again!
5	This is total hangover breakfast place, very indulgent and large portion sizes. The service was great, they have this cute system where you flip something over on your table and we tried it and we're helped immediately. We weren't hungover but still enjoyed the veggie skillet which they let us add bacon to. Also we were definitely those annoying people that stayed for a really long time and no one gave us a hard time about it, which we really appreciated since we had a lot to catch up on. All in all I'd definitely recommend this place for breakfast.
