1	You know a burger is bad when you take a bite and think to yourself, "Wow. I've had hospital food better than this. In fact, I've had vending machine hamburgers better than this." I'm not exaggerating. We wanted a quick, simple pub grub meal for our last dinner in Montreal since we have to be up early in the AM. Since La Cage Aux Sports is right across from our apartment rental, it seemed to fit the bill. We should have known when we walked in on a Friday night at and the place was COMPLETELY empty, save for two middle aged guys holding up the bar. Husband and I chose a seat at the other end of the bar, and upon sitting down noticed that most of the bar was dirty with crumbs and wrappers. I'm not sure why the bar would be so filthy considering there was nobody in it, but... okay. I ordered the Prime Rib burger. The burger had many flaws, but the most grievous sin was that it was burnt. Seriously burnt black. It tasted just like the kind of burger you'd get in a vending machine: the bun was your typical super-soft wonderbread kind, and the meat was standard factory-issue. I don't know why they would call it a Prime Rib burger when the beef had none of the juiciness or flavor of prime rib. It tasted more like the burgers you get in the frozen food section in a bag of 10 patties. I'm not above digging a Costco backyard burger, but burning it into a lump of charcoal is unforgiveable. I ate three bites, which is amazing for a girl who can eat practically anything. My husband ordered the Hot Chicken Sandwich, which were two pieces of thickly sliced white bread (also of the spongy wonderbread variety) with chunks of chicken in between. The sandwich was then covered in gravy and then topped with peas. The bread-chicken-gravy monstrosity itself was barely warm, but even worse, the peas were cold and mushy. So. Very. Gross.Despite these huge shortcomings, the bartender/waitress was really nice (though mostly absent). Being tourists, we didn't have the guts to send the food back, so we just left our entrees mostly uneaten and hightailed it outta there after finishing our drinks. Dinner ended up being cookies and chips from the Couche-Tard a couple of blocks away. Sad to end our great Montreal culinary tour on a bad note, but all the other awesome meals we've had here made up for this giant dud.
1	This place is now closed.
1	Touriste Trap!Stay away from this place! The food is horrible the service was bad. How this place stays open is a mystery to me,I guess the steady flow of tourists who don't know any beter keeps them a float. Do yourself a favour and keep walking and you'll find something beter. This is Montreal after all, we have so much beter and all within walking distance.
2	Great service. Really good flatbread. Can have as appetizer or dinner. We had grilled chicken. For a sports bar what it was good. Filled with locals. Most seemed t know wait staff who were all very friendly 4 stars for Rickards Red beer. Cesar salad was also quite tasty. Wasn't happy with music at first but after 2 beers I was liking it a lot;)Fun time.
3	My review should have been 3 stars.
2	2 stars is being generous. 1 star is for a great location in Old Montreal and the other star is because my wife likes their salt and pepper chicken wings.It fails at being a sports bar. Sure they show a few games but they simultaneously pipe in Whitney Houston and Celine Dion greatest hits over the sound system.Food has no imagination, variety or taste.Service and management are very weak.Have had several issues over the 5 times that I have been there with no satisfactory resolutions.Waste of a great location in Le Vieux Port!
3	Great location, old Montreal.We ate here one night, ONLY because the restaurant that was originally there was no longer, and well we didn't want to go searching for another!! The service was a bit slow to start...well actually the service was pretty crap the whole time.The food was great. Had the Fish tacos for an appy then the southwest salad. Fantastic. My boyfriend had the burger, he wasn't overly impressed.
4	Wow, tough crowd! Good wings, fast service, not nearly as bad as reviewed here! Go for a MAN MUG!
3	Bah it's...ok I guess. It's just a very safe location for people afraid to go out and discover the beautiful world of food in Montreal. Or simply to booze during a sport event. It's a large chain with some decent service and clean place too. I was outside on the Patio in the middle, the view suck, but close to the St-Laurent River of Saint-Paul st, it's kind of cool and relax during hot day. Otherwise, GET OUT OF THIS PLACE, RUN RUNN *Schwarzy's voice* there's so many other nice spot to discover than this tourist trap that's half cheap, half reasonable.
3	I didn't have a horrible experience here but it's a sports bar and honestly, I wouldn't have picked it. But I was out with family and this was a good place to go to for a pint after visiting some sights near by. The service was good and the beer selection was OK. What I did like was the patio, which was airy and open. Despite being inclined to avoid all sports bars, I'm glad I came here in the middle of the afternoon instead of the evening. I have no idea about the food but I would assume that it's your typical sports bar fare.
4	For a sports bar the food here was pretty good. Like many restaurants in Montreal the service is slower, very much a European style. I had a meal deal which came with soup, entree and dessert. Everything was good. The vegetable soup was pureed which was unique and tasty. For the entree was chicken kabobs with rice and mango sauce and for dessert was cheesecake, both very good and filling. Prices are pretty reasonable too and the location can't be beat; right in the center of Old Montreal.
1	Wow...RUDE staff.  A waiter walked by and spilled a dirty plate of something all over my white coat.  When I said something, he just blankly stared at me and asked me what I wanted to do?!?
3	Staff was very friendly but the food, I was not all that impressed with. We ordered 2 variety appetizers and only 2 out of the 6 items were okay. They other 4 you should just pass on which makes the variety a pass overall. Lots of TVs to watch the game on made this place acceptable.
4	Busy place on Sunday night... there menu looked different so we decided to try it...very friendly staff..They have bar food with a bit of Asian twist that I thought was pretty cool.We ordered 2 sets of finger food platters: tacos with cabbage, mini burgers, Asian fried chicken nuggets and shrimp. It was weird combination but it worked... everything was balanced perfectly...very fresh..the only problem it was small... enough for me but not for my bf.well...more space to try different foods..
3	Was in Montreal MayDay weekend and came through to watch the Mayweather and Guerrero fight. La Cage is a Great looking sports bar. It's TV galore with a huge center serving bar. Wide open space with two huge projector screens along with smaller flat screens at every turn of the head. The place was awfully empty though considering it was fight nite. I guess Canadians aren't that big into boxing? The kitchen was shut down, so there's no food review.  It was around 11pm when we got there plus there was a small number of patrons so it's understandable.  The fam and I knocked back two pitchers of beer as we watched Mayweather dismantle Guerrero then called it a night. The waitress was nice but insisted on speaking French, so my cousin that lives there had to place the orders.  I hear its a big thing in Montreal now...  that French preservation has turned into French force feeding. Even with out-of-towners and tourist.  Shrug, watchu gona do?Maybe the place is livelier when hockey is on, Who knows!? The other Yelpers do, silly!  I'd go again to watch a fight and drink a beer. La Cage Aux Sports. alright stuff.
4	Sports bar in Old Montreal? Yes! and has lots of TV's.  Roll up doors give you that in/out feeling while being in the restaurant and watching/listening to the game. Watched the last gave of NBA finals here and it was great.  Wait staff was very attentive and even the manager swung by to say hello and make sure things were good.  Tried a shrimp appetizer and they were large and tasty (forget the name now).  The beer selection is not huge but that was OK with me, my view of the game was awesome since during commercial I could easily see outside and what was happening on the street. Perfect spot for the sports fan to bring non-interested friends and catch up with a game as well as be in a very cool part of the city. From here there are so many choices it is hard to go wrong.
1	Wish i could give no stars. Bad service. Bad food
3	A great place to just stop by and drink on a rooftop.  They have snacks , beers, free wi-fi and cute waitresses.  Also great that it's located in the heart of Old Montreal.Bring some cards and play drinking games if you want.  They allow smoking upstairs just ask for an ashtray.   Friendly service! I'm just going to assume all Canadians are friendly but it was a little difficult to find our waitress at times.  Overall nice place to just grab some drinks and snacks while we hung out in Old Montreal
1	Just went to watch a game that is being broadcast on local television and the waitress said there was no way change the channels.  A couple televisions were not being viewed by any other patrons so this would not have conflicted with any previous requests. The manager refused to speak with us when we asked to talk to him/her.  The hostess was polite but we ended up leaving perplexed.
1	The 1 star is just for the TV screens showing Football games. The service being horrible is an understatement. You experience a level of apathy that is akin to someone doing you a favour by serving you. The person at the counter was downright rude. We were not served for about an hour after we came in, despite speaking to multiple waitresses to take the order. The food (20 wings) took another hour to come in. And it didn't seem like they were understaffed. The only reason we stayed was to watch the football game. Do yourself a favour and visit the numerous other restaurants around.
3	OK place to see the end of the hockey game and have a pint or few with friends. The service was average, they didn't want to substitute my rice with sweet potato fries, something that can be easily done in every Irish pub for a small surcharge and I had to remind about my second pint. The place is more attractive during the summer, when you can sit outside on the terrace. Free popcorn helps the 3 stars rating!
3	Great place to watch the hockey game.  Plenty of TV's with great staff.  I recommend the Poutine and any of the burgers.  This is pun food so I would try to get fancy.
3	It is a sports bar that hopes to get the tourist rolling through old Montreal. It is not bad, so don't look at the 3 stars as to say to avoid.  They have a great selection of pouten, or however they are spelled.  They were actually the star of the show.  The rest was just over priced bar food that was noting to write home about.The shop itself is very cool and the sorted screens through out make it easy to catch something of interest.
2	2 stars just for the roof top. Great place to sit and relax on a nice day. Drinks are pretty bad. We tried the red sangria and it was the worst sangria that I had ever. You may drink a bottled beer and enjoy your life without worrying about the taste.
4	Decent to above average pub food. Great place to watch the big game.  Upstairs and outdoor areas are cool.
2	Wish I had looked at yelp reviews. The second floor terrace looked so enticing but don't let it fool you because unless you get a seat next to the street it's not nearly as cool. Service was slow and food was extremely bleh good think we just got an appetizer. Bruchetta was soggy, mozzarella sticks were what you get frozen at grocery store but the potato chips were not too shabby and they were homemade. Drinks were ok but nothing special nor strong. Two stars just for the upstairs and making the chips homemade but that's about it
2	I was very underwhelmed by this restaurant.On a recent trip to Montreal, we were very hungry around mid-afternoon, so decided to check this place out for lunch as it was nearby. Our server came over fairly quickly to take our drink orders, but it took over 20 minutes before she returned after dropping off our drinks to take our food orders. Considering how hungry we were, this was not a great start to our experience here.We started out with an order of the homemade chips to tide us over, which were actually good.For my meal I ordered the chicken caesar salad. My family ordered a variety of sandwiches, salads and chicken tenders. The menu was pretty typical for a sports bar.I am going to be honest, the caesar salad was one of the worst caesar salads I have ever eaten. It had bacon on it, which sounded good, however the bacon was chewy and undercooked with a strange flavor. I did not like the flavor of the dressing. The only good thing I can say about my meal was that I liked the cheese bread that came with it. I could barely eat the salad, though. My family felt the food was average to below average as well. I think a lot of the food had been frozen. The one thing that they liked was the poutine.There are lots of good places to eat in Montreal, I would not recommend choosing this one.
4	For a sports bar this place was very nice inside and I like that they had an upstairs level that was outdoors but covered by giant inverted umbrellas. Also from the upstairs, the middle was all open to the floor below. Good selection of food too. We had the melted Brie cheese with sweet pepper jelly
3	Sports bar great for tourists who want to catch a game. I was in town during the WVU vs. Alabama game and they put it on for me, no probem. It was nice having the game on right in front of me, with a big open window to the streets of Old Montreal to my left. The food wasn't bad, they had a good drink menu, the service was great, and they have free popcorn. Only come if you want to watch sports though, as your time would be better served elsewhere.
2	The only positive thing I can say about this place is that it has a decent selection of beers. The service ed okay, the layout is very congested I couldn't even get into my seat without bumping into other diners. The food was mediocre at best. Very bland without even a hint of seasoning, seems to cater to American tourists.
4	We are from California visiting Montreal. We like this place because they have lots of TVs, beer is priced better then most places for what you get and it's clean. I would compare this to a Fridays or some other chain in the US. Food is consistent but not great. Your typical cheeseburger or ribs kinda place. I wouldn't eat dinner here. Just a good stomping ground when you are new to the area trying to get a hang of things. Service isn't great upstairs. Much better service in the bar.
