3	Nasty RESTROOMS! a real Mexican neighborhood type eating place.Prices a bit on the high side but the food is better than average so i would say it is worth it.nothing fancy, just bare-bones dining. good food though, lots of seafood.wish there were more grilled/roasted food.............cuz they got way too much FRIED food and as every one knows FRIED food aint healthy.
4	Restaurant Sinaloa is my little seaside Mexican vacation. Soon as I walk in the door, I'm literally transported. TV's playing the Spanish channel. Juke Box blaring Hispanic music at party volume.  All the signage is in Spanish. The bilingual "small print" on the menu is English! And the seafood is fresh from the gulf of Baja! Shrimp cocktails in big glass goblets of lime juice. Options to the shrimp, if you are adventuresome, include Scallops, oysters and octopus. On the table there are six different brands of hot sauce so you can doctor-up to your content. I like the shrimp burrito. Grilled shrimp, green peppers and onions, with soupy refried beans in a fresh flour tortilla. I'm a bit of a tortilla snob. They serve the real-deal, handmade flour tortillas here. I am always surprised that notable Mexican restaurants, opt for the preservative stenched, shelf life tortillas. Then there is the shrimp soup.... It's a must try. I've yet to introduce anyone to the shrimp soup, whom did not respond with, OMG! The soup is broth style, from a fish stock reduction, and loaded with shrimp and served with a side of fresh chopped cilantro, oinions and more flour (or corn) tortillas!    Let me predispose you please, to NOT, expect a whole, proper,  trained staff, dining experience.  That expectation would most likely disappoint you, and distract you, from enjoying the unique ethnic food prepaired.
4	Sinaloa does not look like much from the outside. Well, lets be honest, it doesn't look like much from the inside either.  That is okay, in this town, that is usually a good sign that you are about to have a killer meal.  That thinking did not fail to prove true, Sinaloa is fantastic.When I ask my friends which Mexican seafood restaurants they like around town, I usually get this return glare that says "are you being serious?"  Yes folks, the Hispanic community can cook(or crudo) seafood the same as the rest of the world and it is good.  I usually get the cold squid appetizer.  It is a salad of squid, lettuce, spices and it just delicious. I have never ordered this and left any on the plate. This dish has converted more than a few people to the treasure of Mexican seafood.  My dad loves the filete de chef, which is a large fillet of fish cooked with the chefs special sauce on a bed of rice.  I love the seafood stew which is always filled with goodies like fish, shrimp and squid.  Do not expect the bill to be cheap if you eat like I do, but certainly reasonable for the quality and quantity you are offered.  Four stars for this restaurant, I will be back soon!
4	You know that combined feeling of excitement and anticipation you get when you walk into a restaurant and it's as if you've stepped into someone else's country?  Each time I walk into Sinaloa, I feel like I've been transported into a small beach side neighborhood in Mexico.  Although I feel out of place, I'm ecstatic because I'm about to eat some of the best pacifico style seafood in the Valley.  One of my favorite dishes is the Chiccarron de Pargo.  A botana plate of lightly breaded pargo fish (pacific red snapper) that is served on top of a delicious salad that includes poached shrimp, avacados and orange slices.  The "cherry on top" of this dish are the 2 large bacon wrapped peppers stuffed with a cream cheese and shrimp known as "Toritos" which are also available on the menu as an appetizer on it's own.  Oh did I mention there's also a full bar!  If you're not a fan of loud jukebox playing "ba bam bam ba bam bam" ranchero music consider ordering your food to go, which I did just a few hours ago.
5	I love this place! The ambiance of blaring music and Mexican soap operas on tv is awesome. The food was shockingly fresh for being in the middle of Arizona.  Couldn't be more authentic even if you were in Mazatlan. I had seafood served in a hollowed out young coconut. Not only delicious but the presentation was beautiful. It could have come out of one of Jean-George's kitchens in NYC. No Joke. That was the last thing I was expecting when I pulled up to this kinda run down little strip mall. Go. Enjoy.
5	Great oysters! Great service!
5	Oh my god...why have I driven by this place so many times w/o stopping? My friend brought me here and I let her order. One of the best meals I've had in a long time. Unbelievably tasty. Can't wait to go back.
4	Delicious Cerviche! I've lived down the road from this place almost 5 months and finally stopped tonight. I did take out just for me. I'm originally from New England and seafood is my favorite and obviously pretty sparse here in Arizona. I saw "fresh seafood" out front and hoped for some cerviche. It was indeed fresh! I got the shrimp and octopus mix. Also got an order of guacamole which was very good too! I will be returning.
1	I have been coming here for a few years. Their Culichi is the best I have had. The battered fish tacos are very good too.  Today as I stood at the register waiting for someone to seat me. I could hear two women talking behind the counter to the left, too busy to seat me, no biggy this isn't Red Lobster. I could see one cook preparing food as his back was to me cutting something. Another guy in the kitchen area opposite him was facing me. As he stuck his thumb in his nose to dig around I about shit myself. This was not a rub a tickle away. This was a 5 second dig. This guy was working in the kitchen! with an apron on.  I was sceebed out of my mind. I will eat food off the floor but a food preparer to pick their nose, no way.  It wasn't just the gross factor but as I drove to my next choice for dinner I became enraged. I reaaaally loved their shrimp Culichi. What I saw will keep me from ever risking eating here again. I know this may happen but this guy didn't even care that I was standing there. Sorry Sinaloa, you need to look into hiring people that care. If management reads this it was 6/13/13 at apx 5:15pm.
4	If you love Mexican food and will go anywhere for the authentic stuff, this is the place.Pay no attention to the storefront, it seems to be clean and Sunday mornings, it is crowded. Yaaa but the food!Seafood cocktails that are filled with shrimp or oysters or really fresh ceviche ( my favorite).Special plates with lobster tails, rice, salad. And wait until you try the soups.The 7 Seas is loaded with every kind of fish.Whole fish veracruz style is heavenly.The Paquette Carne Asada is excellent. All this along with the standard burritos, tacos and enchiladas. It is all fresh. They have many types of imported beer.This is a real winner and the only reason I gave it a 4 instead of a 5 was the outside appearance.  But the food is definitely a 5.
1	This is my only 1 star rating since using Yelp. We waited 20 mins to be seated that was no big deal. After we were seated we noticed that 3 families that came in after us were seated and had drinks and chips at their tables We had not even been greeted. Waitresses avoided our table handed out checks refilled glasses to other customers. I have never felt so disrespected.
4	The food here is great.  I love mexican seafood and this place does it great.  You will not be disappointed with your food.  Parking sucks here and be prepared for a wait to sit.  But don't let that or the decor scare you off.  Get a shrimp cocktal to start and you will feel much better about everything.
5	This place is awasome I eat ceviche el patron and yes they take a wile why cus is real Mexican Sinaloa style food take a wile in the mean time order some beer and wait for the greatest food the lady about the rice that's how it is get see food don't ask for a hamburger if you like Mexican American food with all the " Mexican chesse shit" this is not your place sea food fresh  and soo good if your allergic to guacamole don't go there cus all or food got guacamole aguacate camarones culichi are the best !!!
4	My roommate and I were actually trying to go to the Sonoran Hot Dog truck across the street, but it was not there and saw Sinaloa and decided to give it a try.  We were both pleasantly surprised at how good everything was.  Probably the best carne asada I have had in quite a while.  The tacos were great, my roommate also tried the ceviche and it was delicious as well.  The other tacos we tried were chicken and a shredded beef, both were very good as well, but were overshadowed by how awesome the carne asada was.  I knocked a star off because of the straight outta the bag chips, with so so salsa and the fact that every time I go there there's a communication struggle with the mostly Spanish speaking staff.  Overall, worth a trip.
4	4 Stars until I eat more there! this place is legit as it gets! Fish Taco, Pollo, Smoked Marlin, Steak! Everything was AWESOME!!!! And as stated before, I am not going long-winded on this one. If you like Legit Mexican Food......Go here now!!!!!!!!*****NO FIREARMS ALLOWED*****
1	Went based on reviews. It does look divey on the outside but sometimes the best restaurants do. Walked in and wasnt greeted, shuffled around the dining room for awhile looking for a booth to sit in not covered in crumbs. A lady working in the dining room called for a waitress to come out to me. She brought chips and salsa and was nice enough. I asked for a water which came out shortly. I ordered a beer and said I needed another minute with the menu. I guess there was my mistake. At least 10 minutes later my beer and server had never materialized again.  There were only 2 other people in the restaurant. I left a dollar for the chips and salsa i ate while waiting for my waitress to return and walked out. I passed a couple employees behind the counter talking happily. Shame, the cordon bleu shrimp and smoked marlin quesadillas sounded really damn good.
