5	Great place to get vintage for both men and women. Lots of hard to find things, very affordable and ever changing.  I go when I am in town and I send people here often.
5	Highest quality clothing for best possible prices! Best shopping experience ever. Owner was an absolute sweetheart.
5	The best vintage shop in Las Vegas! Stephanie and her amazing shop ignited my passion for vintage clothing. Each time I go there are new items that I want! She has a great eye and endless knowledge on vintage style and fashion. I love that she always has a pretty good selection of vintage pieces for us curvy gals. Stellar location and always rockin during First Friday. I will be a life long customer!
5	If you go to Las Vegas and you're not a gambler, google vintage, thrift and antique stores for a day of shopping! That's how we happened upon this store and it was the best one of the day!!! That area of Vegas has many stores, so map out your route and taxi down there! The clothes in Stephanie's store are awesome! We bought 10 dresses in the mod style for our daughters vintage store here in Pittsburgh and she was thrilled! The showgirls of the '60's and '70's had excellent taste in their everyday wear! I kept 1 dress for myself and it's adorable!  The other stores in that area have so many mid century furniture classics too! I wanted to spend another day down there but my husband wouldn't do 2 days in a row! I can't wait to go back to Las Vegas! (I can't believe I said that!)
4	I absolutely love vintage! The downside is that it can get pretty pricey at the normal shops I go to. The prices here were unbelievable. I couldn't believe my eyes. Vintage that's actually affordable! I was so thrilled.They have tons of adorable household items, accessories, clothing, and shoes. The only bad thing I have to say is that there aren't very many choices in clothing for small girls like myself.I am very petite and it seemed that almost all of the clothing was medium and up. I was only able to find one shirt in my size. That's the only reason I'm knocking down a star.If they carried smaller clothing I would frequent it more. For now I will have to keep on visiting my normal vintage store that has more size variety. I guess I will have to get lucky when I visit here but price wise and quality, this is the store to come to. Totally awesome!
4	I love vintage. This shop is vintage  and you don't know  what you will find. It is tiny, but cute. Stephanie and her Mom will make it work for you. Sizes are  a challenge  for a sz10 girl  but what you see is what you get.  Gotta go often. Very unique Also the little house is just TOO adorable. Truly a vintage boutique. Prices are moderate in my opinion. Not "thrift" so don't get it twisted.
5	What a delightful store exceeded in charm only by the owner!  Warm and friendly with an amazing selection of vintage clothing.  Be sure to check out the Bakelite section - all at great prices.  Will definitely be on my "must visit" list next time.
5	Small but uniquely stocked store. Has a small selection of men's suits and button ups and polos along with a small section of hats. The women's clothing consisted of long dresses and tea length dresses from several different eras. Customer service was great. We were offered a beer for free on our way out. Note that if you pay in cash you don't have to pay suave taxes (as in most places in the arts district).
5	I went to this shop looking for thrift shops in the area. It is not what I was expecting, but there were tons of great vintage selections all around the store. The owner was extremely friendly, even referring me to other 2nd hand stores in the area. Thanks for that! :)
5	AMAZING!! The owner is a delight to talk to and she knows her Vegas history and where every piece has come in from. Every item is also in pristine condition and she takes great care in preparing everything. Definitely a must visit!
5	I stopped by this store during First Friday and was absolutely delighted. There was a great assortment of cute vintage clothing at reasonable prices, along with cute household kitsch. I ended up getting a set of pretty drinking glasses, and I'm definitely going to come back at a time when it's less busy to browse through the hats and jewelry.One of the highlights of the store was the owner's pet pug snoozing away on the counter. Not sure if that's a regular thing or just a First Friday thing, but she was absolutely precious.
5	Best place for funky retro vintage in Vegas, hands down! Stephanie, the owner, is kind, outgoing and incredibly friendly. She has a good eye for fashion and always has something new and interesting in the store to show you. If she gets to know your style, taste and size you'll be all set.Although the store carries a variety of vintage (at very reasonable prices), if you prefer 50s/60s/70s those are the decades you'll find in abundance here. Have clothes you want to trade? Bring it in! Stephanie does buy from the public. I would recommend calling in beforehand to make sure she's in and has room in the store to buy.
5	This place is awesome! Stephanie has an amazing collection and even knows the history and background of the items, I heard her tell a story about the previous owner to a potential buyer, it was quite cool! I found two super cool schlitz memorabilia pieces here; amaze balls!!  Plaid Friday..... I'll be waiting for her bus in SD!!
