4	Cool interior decor and good hangout bar.
5	Easily my most favorite bar in Madison. Hands down. Because where else can you go and order a somewhat obscure drink of blueberry stoli and club soda? I also like that they have a fooseball table and it attracts a nice graduate school crowd. Their tall pint glasses make you feel like you are getting your money's worth when you get a New Glarus Spotted Cow beer, for instance. It attracts a good sized crowd on a Saturday night, yet not crowded. Let me tell you another story. My friends and I are sitting at a round table when a FREE appetizer of artichoke dip in a bread bowl accompanied by pita chips arrives. Yes, the bar was providing it to get us customers entranced. Clearly, my guardian angel, buddy ol pal Quinton apparently was looking out for me. It was yummy and I look forward to sampling their other fare.
5	This bar was amazing!  Too bad it doesn't exist anymore! Oh wait.... Chaser's Bar and Grill, which took its place, is exactly the same.  Same staff, same decor, and so far the same food.  The new drink specials are nice, however, calling the pints freshmen and the big girls graduates is silly...  The staff is friendly and welcoming, for the most part.  If you enjoy cheap drinks, juke box music and bar games (darts, cards, dice, foosball) this is the bar for you.
5	As a UW student, this is my favorite university bar. It is a fun crowd, great music and plenty of room to create your own dance party. My most memorable summer nights were spent on that patio and I am often found near their fantastic juke box. The food is delish. Their sandwiches are anything but subpar and perfect hangover food. The spuds are enormous and sooo good -you gotta get one with queso, their queso is orgasmic. And the drink specials are awesome, I mean 50 cent beers?1 dollar rails? yes please. Not to mention they are the home of the a lil something called the shnorkel... which you need to try if you have not. Chasers is good people. As a regular, I have gotten to know the staff quite well and really appreciate how friendly, fun and attentive they are. I always have a good time here and I think the reason for that is the awesome crowd.
3	Chasers used to be Quintons with a new name, but after being opened for a year now (congrats, congrats) it has really become it's own place.The menu is amazing.  I really enjoy how they've kept a majority of the items from the Quintons menu, but added their own twist, and by twist I mean delicious fried food.  The cheese fries are my favorite.  I'd reccommend them to anyone.  For bar food, it's a bit pricey for my liking, but that's just me.The drink specials are ever evolving or so it seems, which can get a bit annoying when there is no consitency.  But for the most part they're decent.  The one that stands out to me is Schnorkel Saturday.  Don't know what that is?  Brace yourself--you shotgun a redbull vodka.  They used to (I don't know if they still do) have a wheel hanging up on Saturday nights that the bartenders used to spin every hour for a new drink special.  I really enjoyed that.  It kept the night entertaining.  Not to mention, no other bar in Madidson, that I know of, does that so it was something unique only to Chasers.While Chasers is finally finding it's own niche, I have to say part of the charm that I enjoyed at Quintons (and was happy to see was not lost in the transition to Chasers) was the jukebox.  With the decor, the predominantely classic rock choices gave the place a great, chill feel.  However, I was in there for the first time in a while and noticed top 40 songs dominating the speakers.  I understand that music appeals to the demographic, but I always thought it had a very unique charm with the old school music.  It's weird (and to me, not appealing at all) to look at a picture of John Lennon, and at the same time see a girl shakin' her money maker to "Bossy" by Kelis.Overall, not a bad place.  Bartenders, for the most part are friendly, efficient, and accomodating.  I prefer the more chill atmosphere when going there, but that's just me.  Check it out yourself!
3	Chaser's all in all definitely isn't one of my favorite bars in Madison. The cheaper "specials" are served in tiny plastic cups, and rather than using a normal 16oz glass for taps, they use a skinny glass with their logo on it and charge you the same thing. When you order a burger, they nickel-and-dime you by asking you to "upgrade" for the cost of lettuce, tomato, and fries. Shady business practices like that are fucking unacceptable, and make me want to never come back.However, I think may keep doing so just because I was so impressed by the last burger I had here. It was the first bacon cheeseburger I had ordered in perhaps ever where I could actually taste the bacon - and it was so good. The burger was also so huge that I couldn't finish it all in one sitting. This was some of the most expensive bar food I'd ever had, but at least I feel like I kind of got my money's worth.Chaser's has a lot of space and decent music, which really improves the atmosphere and sets it just a cut above a lot of the surrounding campus bars. It's just a shame they think we're all idiots.
4	I was here in March with my brother, a couple of friends and the hubby.  The hubby is in a band and playing a show nearby.  So we all booked a room at the Best Western and needed a place for lunch when we got there.Anyway, we were there amid all the protests and arrived the same day that the runaway senators returned from IL.  The whole town was a crowded mess and it was quite cold so every bar and restaurant was packed.  After walking forever we finally found Chasers and it was like heaven.I can't remember what we all ate but we had a variety and everyone liked it.  I do remember that me and the hubby got Bloody Marys and they were giant and delicious!Next time we're back in Madison we're going back to Chasers!
3	Good food, small portions.  Very clean, great TVs.
2	I've been here several times in the past few months while in Madison on business and it was, well, good enough in many ways to return to. What's turned me off the place is what I've heard coming from the kitchen on my last two visits. I don't know who it is, but there's been loud language in a not-friendly tone (someone definitely being yelled at) being broadcast from back there. It's not professional and suddenly the food's not so good. I won't be returning. Two stars instead of one because of their past good food.
4	Chasers is your typical college bar and grill, but it's random things you discover when drunkenly talking to the bartender that makes it better than most of its counterparts.  That drunken discovery was the schnorkel (spelling may need to be verified).  This magical drink is basically shotgunning a red bull vodka, which is EXACTLY what I need when I'm trying to get my 2nd wind on a night out.  It's also now the only reason I go to Chasers.  The staff is incredibly attentive and nice as well :)
3	Solid sports bar, great for large groups. Beyond that, Chaser's didn't leave much of an impression.
4	I've been here quite a few times after I wrote my first review, as it is my friends' go-to bar every Thursday night. I was weary of the college-esque scene that I have been trying very, very hard to avoid, but Chaser's has definitely grown on me. (: The servers/bartenders are sweet, and the establishment attracts a pretty decent crowd. The $6 pitchers and the $5 you-name-its (or gayblets...as my friends call it) are a great way to start a Thursday night about town, but the deals do change every night, so keep an eye out!  With UW out for the summer, Chaser's is much less crowded, and if you come before 11PM, you are basically gauranteed a table - or at least a 2 ft radius of personal standing space. The music isn't bad, and that is also a huge plus! Now if they had a dance floor....
4	I've been to Chasers numerous times over my time in Madison. Gotta say it's one of the best pure bar experiences in the area. You can pretty much feel safe that any night you head out on the town there will be a decent crowd there. On top of that they have a great selection of bar food. My favorite night to go there food-wise would have to be Wednesdays. Can't really beat their taco deal; $.75 hard shell tacos, $1.25 soft shell, and they're better than Taco Bell, so there's that. All in all, it's tough to say anything bad about this place.
1	When I lived on W. Gorham Street a couple years ago, my husband and I loved frequenting Chasers. The nachos were to die for! Sadly, the place has gone downhilll since then. We visited recently for the first time in at least a few months. Not only was my burger not restaurant-sized by any stretch of the imagination, it was soaked, literally soaked in cayenne pepper. I took a bite of it and had a reaction so bad that I was gagging and crying. The waittress was nice enough to bring something else out and also give us a discount on the bill. But I hesistate to even call what was served to me food - it was an absolute nightmare. The food here used to be good enough that we would put up with the college students. We won't be coming back here again. Sorry, Chasers.
4	Having just moved from Boston to Madison, I was extremely excited to see pitchers of beer at Chaser's that cost as much as one bottle of beer in Boston. Their hourly drink specials are insanely cheap, and their staff are very friendly and nice. The crowd is pretty bro, which can either be a good or bad thing, I guess. Not a place to end the night with, due to the lack of a dance floor, but definitely a great way to start the night.
4	So first of all, I would like to say that I will NOT be speaking on the food. Now... As far as the Bar and drinks go? Unfortunately I have to say its pretty mediocre... A standard college bar with standard college people with standard college crowding. Not very original, but great drinks prices. Now... what it does have going for it? Great drink prices... and a great Patio. Not a lot of downtown bars have private patio seating. It is fantastic! Now it still gets pretty crowded even on the Patio but it is still great fun. Still a great place for a bit of fun, cheap drinks, and some fun with the local college people.
3	Gotta love the drink and food specials on Wednesdays but the staff doesn't pay attention or check on u. Maybe if the waitstaff did their job I'd come more often and the door man is very rude
2	Well, let's start off with the good:Service was excellent. All pitchers (last Thursday) were $6. That's a great bargain for some of the beers you can get--we were super happy.We ordered two food items--the smokehouse burger, with bacon, jalapeno, and bbq sauce, and the spinach and artichoke dip.The artichoke dip was disgusting. Like...seriously gross. Kind of slimy, weird, massive chunks of artichoke. No consistency. Chips were decent and are made in-house.Now, the smokehouse burger...just plain bad. It was cooked quite badly (burned to a crisp), the bun and burger were overly greasy...just plain bad. Chaser's seems to be under the impression that putting something on a rectangular plate makes it fancy. Hint: it doesn't.I'd go back for drink specials, which were enjoyable on the outdoor patio. I won't be eating the food.
1	Very rude service. Spent 3 hours here with friends watching NFL games. Ordered both drinks and food, but for some reason the waitress took offense to the fact that I ate a jimmy johns sandwich at my table and gave me several rude comments. The manager then said I was "insulting" him by having a sandwich from another place at his bar. Seriously? We spent $50+ dollars but they were all worked up over a $6 jimmy johns? Then we got sarcastic comments from the waitress when leaving. Grow up...
3	Being inside Chasers is horrible. It's packed, you'll never ever get a booth and worst of all its incredibly loud. Better brush up on your sign language if you wanna talk with your friends. There is no single sane person inside the bar, but outside is another story. This patio is great. Lots of seating and the music is at a pleasant volume. This is my favorite place on campus to hangout with friends during summer. And the best news is they just added a tent with outdoor heating and some small tv's, so fall doesn't mean goodbye Chasers, but rather hello football!!Chasers has decent priced pitchers and they dont have cocktail servers so thats the way to go if you're going to be outside.Word to the wise, don't ever do anything thats even borderline in the eyes of a bouncer. These guys are pretty douchy and will use excessive force at the slightest inkling. I have been shoved and yelled at to clear the way for perfectly calm individuals being escorted out in a deadlock. Really? REALLY?
1	Went here on a Thursday night to watch a game. They have $5 burger specials on Thursdays, which is a pretty good price. They aren't amazing, but hey they are $5 and surprisingly filling. A couple of us had California licenses though, and the guy who checked our ID's gave them a lot of trouble. He claimed there were multiple "suspicious" things on them even though they are completely legit. We're not sure if it was just a way to try to get us out of there because it was busy and we were staying a while, or if their policy really is if you have a fake ID, you have an hour to get wasted before getting kicked out. It was eventually cleared up, but you'd think a bar would know how to check licenses.My rating is really because of the whole ID fiasco. The food and drinks are pretty well-priced if you're getting the specials, and I think they have one pretty much every day.
4	By far my favorite cheap college bar along State St. I like that it's small, but not too small. And the outdoor patio is perfect for the warmer months.Drink specials are good, bartenders are great. I tried the food for the first time last night, with a heaping plate of nachos to share between 6 girls. They were pretty good. The chips were crispy and not too drenched in that luscious cheese sauce we all secretly love. Toppings were also fresh. I'd order them again. I've also heard good things about the other food they offer too!
3	The cheese curds were great and affordable  and the beer was served in nice giant glasses. Not much for veggie options though and the service was not very attentive.
4	Lots of college students (center of UW go figure:) )but very nice people working there. $6 dollar pitchers of bells two hearted ale the night I was there. That is unheard of. Good outside area to sit and chill as well. Would go back again.
3	Chasers is definitely the go to place for all the college kids in Madison. On a Friday night it was packed, and when I say packed, I mean you couldn't move without bumping into someone. Clearly people there have never heard of the tits or ass rule, but they seemed to be having fun.Once IDs have been checked, you are on your own to fight your way through the crowds to the bar. The sheer volume from people talking is so loud that it is nearly impossible to hold a conversation without some sort of signing. The rear of the bar hosts four or five dart boards, the bathrooms, and a giant wheel containing 30 minute specials ranging from two dollar shots of Fireball to six dollar pitchers. Overall, it's claustrophobic, and not the place to go if you are looking for a relaxing atmosphere. You definitely have to specify if you like your mixed drink with certain juices, otherwise, you might get something you aren't expecting.
