4	I had the rare opportunity to be a fly on the wall at an AZ Opera Master Class this evening at the AZ Opera Rehearsal Space.First let me explain that I know ABSOLUTELY NOTHING about music! What I do know is whether I like it or not. Does it tickle my ears and send shivers down my spine? If the answer is "yes," then it is not only good, but superb from my novice point of view.Tonight I had the opportunity to hear four masters of their craft and to hear the critique of a maestro. I may have the terminology wrong, but my ears told me I was allowed a very rare opportunity. I may not have another opportunity to attend a Master Class rehearsal, but I know that I will be attending AZ Opera performances.Thank you to all the AZ Opera Staff and artists that shared this wonderful opportunity. And, thank you, Lindsey, Community Manager Extraordinaire, for having the foresight to know how much we would enjoy it. The rehearsal space? A large warehouse type space. I was delighted to hear that they will have their very own special rehearsal space this fall. This space, although it works, leaves a lot to be desired for this type of performance work.
5	I wasn't sure what to expect, but I did not expect that kind of talent to come with warmth & graciousness. I was blown away by their voices & their charm :)& I can't say enough about Maestro Joseph Rescigno (I believe that was his name), he was so knowledgeable, passionate, down to earth & entertaining that I could not have asked for anything more, lol. In a word, LOVE.
5	As a Fine Arts person this was an once in a lifetime opportunity. I don't know what to say but Grazie'. The above reviews said it all. To be an observer to opera singers and to hear a Maestro give vocal and language advice was an ELL, Gifted, Drama teacher's dream. It was so fascinating! I really missed NY while listening in to the Maestro's NY accent as he gave advice. He was very charming and witty. He obliged me by staying a little later and answering a few questions I had after the rehearsal. (very nice) The singers were so entertaining and gracious as well. And there were even a few laughs during the evening.Hahaha to the clever piano player who played the, "Jeopardy Theme Song" as a joke when the Maestro's cell went off-lol!    I so wish I could sing one-one millionth well as the singers that were there. It was amazing to listen to them and wonder where did that voice come from?This was a very different/unique event for Yelp. I had a million thoughts running through my mind all evening. That's what good music and the theater does to my brain though. BTW, The food from the food carts was sooooo good too.Thank you so much to everyone involved. As usual I love and am thankful for being a Yelper !
