5	Delicious pizza. No, like really delicious. And there is a lunch special: 2 good sized pieces of pizza and a drink for $3.50. Sort of like Pizza Heaven in terms of the straighforwardness but even more casual and easy going. Don't expect anything exotic in terms of toppings  but what they do, they do really well. Word.
5	I can't remember if I've been inside or not... I pretty much just order delivery. The food at this place is soooo fucking good. I think if I actually went there, it might spoil the magic a little bit. I prefer to imagine it as some really clean and yet authentic italian bistro. Pizza is excellent, hot subs are amazing, pasta dishes are to die for, and salads are perfect. The prices are great too. If they will deliver to you, you might as well call Jerry Springer and schedule a time a few years from now when he can film you being forklifted from your house.Edit 4/21/08 - I finally visited the location... it's in that gungy strip mall on 40th and Indian School. I had imagined it being a gorgeous italian cafe in the middle of a lush green field with butterflies floating around and a bunch of stereotype chubby italian chefs with large moustaches bustling around tossing pizza dough in the air. The truth is, it's just a tiny spot in an old strip alongside a crappy gym and a grocery store. They have nice little cafe tables and chairs outside on the sidewalk and a few tables inside, so it would be great for lunch - however, I wouldn't suggest it for a romantic dinner. I'm sticking with delivery or pickup. Still 5 stars, still love it.Here's a tip: If you wrap the leftover pizza in foil and fridge it, when you want to eat it again - it's great cold, but if you start up the oven to pre-heat at about 350, you can stick the pizza on the foil in the oven and it'll be ready by the time it's done pre-heating... that should be in just a few minutes. It'll taste like they just delivered it.
4	I remember hearing about this place from a friend of mine a couple of years ago, and I was like "Yeah, whatever dude."  But I stand corrected.To echo the other comments, this is some awesome, no-frills thin crust New York style pizza with some great sauce.  It's located in the Bally's strip mall and like Jake said, it's similar to Pizza Heaven, which is great because i really enjoy that place.   The two-slice lunch special is such a STEAL too at $3.50 - it's even cheaper than Pizza Heaven. The space inside is small and cramped (which is also really New York style too) seating area for maybe about a total of 6 people, so be prepared to take it to go or order delivery.  I've never had anything else here, but I'd be willing to try their subs since they serve Boar's Head meats.  And one of these days I'd even try their pastas and entrees.
5	There are not many places in Phoenix you can go and pick up a slice so Thank Goodness we have Mamma Mia!  They just opened a second location on 7th Street and Indian School so you have two central locations to choose from.  This new location also has a cute little patio in the front!
4	this place is awesome... they have great thin crust pizza and fresh veggies for their salads... they have the greatest lunch special ever... i don't remember exactly what it is but a drink and 2 slices for like 4 bucks...  don't let the outside scare you... the food is great.  if you live in the area i would pick it up, since their delivery can get pretty backed up.
5	I love Mamma Mia's!  The pizza never disappoints and the salads are always fresh.  I had the chicken fettucinne once and it practically  melted in my mouth.  They have an extensive menu to include antipasta and authentic desserts.   I always get delivery but recently I decided to check out the actual  interior.  The "dining area" consists of one small table and then an L shape bar that faces the store front and a wall so you will want to either carry out or deliver.
5	Got a coupon in the mail.... after reading the Yelp reviews I had to try it.MAMMA MIA THIS IS SOME GOOD PIZZA!I'm not ordering pizza from anywhere else again.I'm an expat New Yorker and was very impressed. The crust is perfect! PERFECT. Thin. Chewy. Not soggy. Perfect. What, do they import bottles of NYC water or something? I don't know. They nailed it though.The cheese quality was excellent. The meatballs were home made and delicious. The sausage was great too. They aren't stingy on toppings, either.The coupon included salad. We ordered the Italian salad - your typical iceberg/tomato/red onion salad as you might get in NYC. I wish they added some olives and pepperoncinis, but oh well. They do get bonus points for sending good salad dressing (Ken's Itallian). They also get bonus points for sending red peppers and real parmesan. I'm excited to have finally found a decent place in Central Phoenix to order pizza from. Everywhere else I've tried has been an EPIC FAIL.
5	I don't like eggplant, never have. So why did I order the Eggplant Parmigiana Hot Sub my first time at Mamma Mia's? ...I don't know. Weird, huh? Yeah, well, I'm glad I did, it was delicious, and certainly not short on cheese. MMMM... cheese. Actually stopped by here with a friend a few weeks back after seeing the good reviews on Yelp, but I guess we missed the part about there only being one table and a few other seats inside, and we were in the mood for something a little... bigger. But I kept them in mind, and this time I just wanted take-out. I was in and out in just a few minutes, and the staff was very pleasant. They also deliver, which I will definitely be taking advantage of in the future. And love the Yelp sticker on the door.Oh, also got a cannoli. Yum. The last one, too. So if you were that guy behind me in line that missed out, well, tough titties. You snooze, you lose, pal.
5	Followed up my initial visit to Mamma Mia's with a couple delivery orders, and both were incredible. Designed my own calzone (black olive, bell pepper & pineapple), which came loaded like a freight train (you'll have to forgive me, I woke up to GN'R this morning), and overflowing with cheese. MMMM... cheese. Again. Then the lobster ravioli (really rich - absolutely decadent - after which I was compelled to hit the treadmill as soon as I could move, which wasn't until several hours later). Also tried the cheese garlic bread and the Mamma Mia Special Salad (salami on the side), and I'm convinced - it's all good here.No problems with delivery - first time was quoted 45 mins, and driver arrived in 40. Second time was also quoted 45, but driver arrived in 30. Highly recommended.
4	Thanks to Yelp, I finally decided to try this place out.  I had driven past this place a million times but was less than impressed by the strip mall so I was hesitant to try it.  I've been missing out on some seriously good pizza.  We ordered a 16" pizza with mushrooms and half sausage/half pepperoni.  We picked up rather than delivery because it is in the neighborhood and they said there would be a $3 delivery charge.  It was ready in about 20 minutes and the service was great.  After we got the pizza home, we dove in and it was fantastic.  The crust was crispy but still chewy.  The tomato sauce was flavorful with out being too spicy or sweet.  I was glad to see that they used fresh mushrooms rather than canned.  The pepperoni was more flavorful than the sausage.  We thought the sausage would be better in chunk form or thicker slices.  The thing that I especially appreciated was that the entire layer of topping didn't slide off the crust when you took a bite.  We will be back to this place again and are thrilled to have a great neighborhood pizza joint.
4	Firstly, I LOVE PIZZA.I am originally from the Chicago area, so deep dish is my first choice for pizza. And I have never been a fan of a soggy NY style slice of pie that you are suppose to fold in half and shove in your mouth. The flavor just doesn't come through.So when we pulled up to pick up our 16" mushroom, half pepperoni, half sausage pizza and saw the NY Style Pizza, I feared the worst.You know what? This was a pretty darn good pizza. The crust was crispy all the way to the middle of the pizza. Toppings were fresh and tasty. Good amount of sauce. The pepperoni was better than the sausage. I prefer globs of fresh chunky sausage. Mama Mia uses thin slices of Italian sausage links. If they would have been sliced a little thicker, it would have been better.Overall, good pie. Definitely worth a try.
5	You know that scene in Fast Times at Ridgemont High where Jeff Spicoli takes one of his Vans off and hits himself on his head? Well that's what I did when I went to this place for the first time.   Why haven't I been coming here for the last 10 years, this place is great!!!  I would say this is the best non-Pizzeria Bianco/Cibo pizza in the valley.  The crust is awesome, sauce and cheese just perfect!The really impressive part is is how picture perfect the pizzas are made.The lobster ravioli were huge, easily enough for two.  Baked Ravioli's were better that average but needed more basil or something.You really can't dine here, so it's take out or delivery.  They have one table and a few other seats inside if you had to eat here I guess you could.
2	I am confused by some of the extremely positive reviews I have read about this restaurant. Yes, service is friendly and efficient, but the food is mediocre. I have found the slices I've ordered to be tired from sitting out for quite a bit of time with congealed cheese that just seems to slide off the pizza. Similarly, the chicken parmesan meal that I ordered last night was acceptable, but far from stellar. Cheese was not melted and the chicken did not seem particularly appetizing.I think the problem is that Phoenix is so lacking in New York style "buy a slice," dive-style pizzerias that people in Phoenix are willing to settle. Were this restaurant transported to New York, New Jersey or Connecticut, it would barely survive a weekend. I feel bad writing such a negative review given the friendliness of the staff (and the food is a good "value" in terms of quantity, but not quality), but they really do need to seriously reconsider the product they are putting out and how it can be improved.Perhaps I will order a fresh pizza from them one day and then update my review...I'd like to hope it would be better, but I'm not holding out much hope.
4	I can't believe I never reviewed Mamma Mia's!  It is close to my house, there is always parking, the food is cheap and good... what else is there to say?!  The pasta dishes will feed you for at least two days and their pizza by the slice is cheap cheap cheap.  Needless to say, I come here at least twice a week.
5	Truly a slice of heaven....I was hungry, hadn't had lunch, and quickly popped into Mamma Mia's for a slice.  It's unfathomable that something so delicious could be so inexpensive.  An enormous slice of NY style pizza for $1.50, plus a quarter per topping.  I was in a mushroom mood, and it was just fabulous.The sauce and crust are so good -- and it's got just the right amount of cheese -- enough that gives you the "cheese stretchies" that you want, but without impeding the flavors of the toppings and sauce.I haven't tried their sandwiches or pasta yet -- but I plan on it.The people working there are also super friendly.The only thing that is a bummer is that it's pretty small, so don't plan on bringing a big group.  Otherwise, I just can't say enough good things about their pizza!
4	This here is some good pizza! Had the 18" stuffed pizza and it was so damn good.. ate 2 pieces and have a completely full tummy.. also had some delicious wings and meatballs. Will certainly go here again.. great folks running this place too, super friendly!!I remember a time where super friendly service was the norm not rarity as it has become. Kudos to Mamma Mia!!
3	Is it the price? Is that what makes this place so darn popular? It must be, for to some, cheap does equal good. I was expecting more, though, based on the glowing reviews. Yes, it's cheap. My pal and I got 3 slices and 2 drinks for $6.75. The slices are HUGE too. I ordered 1 slice with chicken and 'chokes. Big props for having appealing extras, like pesto and garlic, to put on your slice. When my slice arrived, it looked good. When I picked it up to take a bite, I noticed how crispy the crust was. Not my fave thing but not the worst. I admit, though, I was disappointed. I was expecting more flavor and a heartier piece of pie. I like how cheap 1 slice is and how you can add additional toppings for .25$ each. That gets my vote. I only wish it tasted better. My pal and I opted to sit inside, too. Once we got to talking, I barely noticed how tiny the place was. The main distraction came from the TV hanging above the door turned to some news channel. Words like "infidelity gene," "sperm" and "hurricane" tend to get my attention. This isn't a place I'd go back, but if friends/co-workers wanted to pick something up from here, I'd probably say it's worthwhile. They could use some more a/c, though. I feel sorry for the pizza makers. They must sweat their kneaded dough balls off.
4	Okay, so I liked Mamma Mia's.Went with a co-worker for an escape from the workplace doldrums.For cheap pizza, it's pretty damn great.But for great pizza, it's... alright.My 4 stars come through my "cheap bastard" filter; I rate my food not only by taste, but by value. Value = great here, so it pulled my 3 stars to 4. I've not often spent so little for pizza that tasted this good.It wasn't a very comfortable place to eat in, but that's not really the point of Mamma Mia's. I know that, now. It's a take-out joint. Or, if it's not frikkin' hot, eat outside.You'd probably want to call in your order, and take it back somewhere air conditioned to eat.Pizza = garlic + cheeseCrust = a little too done, but nice and thin.Size = BIG pieces. Man-boy likes this.Verdict = If you're wanting to battle your belly viking on the cheap, this is a great place to grab a slice.
4	I don't really have anything new to add to the reviews, just wanted to mention how I'm hooked on their 2 slices & large drink combo deal. Two grande slices of sausage pizza (which is similar to the excellent Streets of New York's thin crust meatball pizza) and a large drink is a great deal here whatever it may happen to cost.What I mean is, I get the same thing each time and I think they've charged me a different amount every visit. Once it was $3.50, then sometimes $4.50, sometimes an odd number like $4.73 or the even $5 tonight. I don't mind the inconsistency in the price, though, since the pizza is consistently good. Plus, whether it be $3 or $5 or anything in between, it's still a good deal.
5	I have been meaning, for some time, to write a review on Mamma Mia since I have picked up Pizza there about 20 times. It still isn't the Chicago deep Dish I yearn for but it has all of the qualities of a Non Chicago style Pizza I search for: Fresh Ingredients, Great Sauce, Big Slices and a Crispy bottom (but not too thin, more pan size)We got some Ziti last night for the first time instead of just pizza. The pasta really shows how good they make their gravy. It has a little bit of an addicting taste to it. This is more of a take out place but the staff is always friendly and know how to bake pizza's. It is on my top 5 list of pizza's in the valley.
4	Paint me with tasty grease* and marinara...I'm  f#cking A impressed!I strolled in the the first time the other day, the little joint was packed, I barely got a parking spot in back. It was around lunch time and as you can imagine between 2 Hippies and this place, it's tough to get in.Anyway I wasn't sure what to get so the nice folk behind the counter suggested I just try their lunch special.His idea was a stellar one.The special was two one topping slices and a can of soda for 4 bucks. That can't really be beat. The slices were huge, two slices basically equaled a quarter pie (felt like about 4 lbs!). Tasty fresh pepperoni, no shortage of mozzarella and good quality mozz I might add as well.The little dinning room (and I mean micro) was seatless, all were taken except one 4 top with three suit and tie lawyers noshing at it. They eyed me/sized me with my giant slices and can of Mountain Dew and immediately invited me into their circle. There they offered me a piece of their fine sausage pie. Killer as well. Nice patrons (probably made friendly  by the fine flavorful pie!)This is probably the best NYC style slices I have had west of the Mississippi. I shit ya not.I'll definitely be back and I hope to see you there.Ciao!*pizza is suppose to be greasy!
5	When it comes to great pizza it doesn't  get any better than Mama Mia's.  After trying it for the first time 4 years ago I knew I would never be able to eat pizza anywhere else.  The pizza has a medium thick crust that is always crispy and delicious.  You cant beat 2 slices and a soda for $3.50.  The slices are huge, and extra toppings are only a quarter.  My personal favorite is anchovies, mushrooms and black olives.  With a little bit of cheese on top to hold it all together, it is a meal that cant be beat.  If you are ever in the area be sure to stop in for a slice or 2, or better yet make a special trip. All the food there is great and I promise, you will not be disappointed.
5	I am from Philadelphia and I am always looking for good pizza. I recently came upon Mama Mia on the way home from work and I have been there every week since. If you like true U.S. eastern style pizza at a good price then you should try Mama Mia's. It is truly great!
5	Well yelper's you are right it is a fabulous place to get pizza...I am of course biased. My brother is the one in the photo. His name is Tony and he is the "Tony" in Tony's Mamma Mia's the second location.My kids beg constantly to go and have pizza at Uncle Tony's place...It's such a drive though. When we do make that drive it never disappoints, there isn't a pizza like it anywhere...well that isn't true I would have to use an awful lot of frequent flier points to fly us all back East so Mamma Mia's takes care of us here on the West Coast where pizza just isn't usually done right. Their pasta's and subs are great too and the kids love to get some ice cream for dessert.This is A+ all the way...Thanks guys for keeping Tony alive in our hearts and our tummy's :)
5	After trying their pasta & meatballs and pizza at the Yelp Birthday Party, I will be stopping in their restaurants next time I'm in the area!  The staff were very nice and the food was very good!
2	Maybe we caught them on an off night. I was not impressed. We were choosing between Red Devil and Mamma Mia's, and Mamma Mia's delivers, so it won. We should have driven, but being new in the neighborhood, we didn't know better.Pros: 1)the delivery guy was prompt and friendly. 2) the chicken wings were tasty.Cons: 1)The Veggie pizza has gobs of thawed, previously frozen chopped spinach. You know, the kind that comes in a frozen block at the grocery store that you're supposed to wring out before you use it.2)The crust was beyond soggy...it was downright WET. Probably from the aforementioned icky spinach.3)The wings come with a packet of blue cheese salad dressing, the kind you pick out of a basket at cafeteria salad bars. And it was really thin and watery. At least it matched the pizza...There are too many decent pizza places to risk this place again.
4	I was at a Yelp! pARTy a few days ago held at the Phoenix Art Museum and was able to sample the meatball and pasta at the Mamma Mia stand.  They were freakin' amazing!  The pasta was perfect- so tender and creamy, and the meatballs... oh, the meatballs.  I didn't care for the cheese pizza offered (I'll have to check out other toppings), but I cannot wait to go for my first visit!
5	I've lived just down the street from Mamma Mia's for almost 3 years now, and it's been my favorite pizza place ever since I discovered it. The prices are just right (two slices and a drink is enough to fill anyone up, and it's only around $5). The owner (Frank) is friendly and always remembers my name when I come in, even when they're crazy busy! Added bonus: Immediately next door is a small alcohol store where you can grab some beer (if you're getting your pizza to go). And what goes better with pizza than beer?The only downside I've noticed is that their full-size pizzas tend to be somewhat limp in the middle. I always get slices (which are cooked by themselves), so that's never really an issue for me.
5	Wow... I am immediately adding this to my "Recent Discoveries: Lovely places I cannot believe I have been living without"Actually had delivery last night, so I cannot comment on the establishment itself, but I have been in the parking lot many times.We had pizza and pasta, and both were absolutely amazing. The funny thing was, I am told that last nights tasty treats were not as good as usual. I cannot imagine that, but it was said.Normally I salt and cheese my pizza, but I ate this straight up, no flavorings. That is quite the accomplishment!!The pasta (I forget which kind it was) had a really different but amazing flavor. I also enjoyed dunking the bread.I am so excited to discover MM delivers to me, although I am not excited about the amount of weight I am going to gain as a result... better start doubling my diet pill intake...
4	I've had this casino style coin bouncing around in the console of my car since...well, since some Yelp event where I received it. I happened to be in the area of Mama Mia's (for the 10th time since said event, I'm sure) and remembered this thing. Good for 2 slices and a drink at Mama Mia's. Cool. It was very sweet and melancholy for me to have NY style pizza again. It's the first time I've had good, fold it and jam it in your piehole NY style since I left the east coast early this year. The staff was very polite in ushering me out the door as I choked off wracking sobs around the delicious pizza. The guy by the oven even sat down his pizza tool thingy, dashed around the counter and gave me a hug while dabbing at my moist eyes with the greasy cloth he had tucked in his apron. Such sweet, sweet solace we find in favorite foods of years past, no?
4	Lunch was a large antipasto salad, veal parmigiana (w/ ziti), and ziti w/ meatballs.  The delicious salad (ham, salami, cheese rolled up and sliced, pepperoni, lettuce, artichokes, roasted red peppers, black olives, pepperoncinis, and tomatoes) came w/ soft bread that made me place an order for garlic bread w/ the pasta dishes since soft bread just wasn't cutting it for us.  The salad would've satisfied the both of us, but we attempted to take it easy since there were two pasta dishes coming up!  (We ended up boxing up half the salad for leftovers.)Veal parmigiana was my companion's immediate decision, but since she rarely enjoys the dishes she picks, I knew I had to have a back-up, and w/ so many selections to choose from, the decision was very hard to make.  So I decided I'd go w/ the tried and true meatball ziti.  Was I pleased w/ both entrees!!  Sure enough, my companion did not enjoy the veal parmigiana (how fortunate for me!!), and she told me to be sure to put it into my review that it wasn't any good.  I told her she should start a yelp profile so that she could make that assertion herself!  I, on the other hand, enjoyed feasting on both dishes.  The garlic bread was perfectly seasoned and wonderfully crispy!  Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!  (And yes, she loved the ziti w/ meatballs... Now I'm regretting not ordering a side of meatballs to go!  Oh well, guess I'll have to make another trip to MM soon.)Even though I was thoroughly satisfied w/ salad, bread, and the pastas, we did end up sharing a cannoli.  She didn't like it at all, saying it was flavorless and was left yearning for a cannoli from Whole Foods (Ray/101).  I, on the other hand, thought it very good: the shell was crunchy and wasn't greasy-tasting at all, and the chocolate-chip studded filling wasn't overly-sweet.  (And no, I do not like WF's cannolis... too sweet and too vinegar-y, if that makes any sense at all.)The venue's signage didn't impress my companion and immediately implanted the idea in her mind that this place was a "dive," but I was very impressed w/ how busy the place was, and how great-tasting the food served was.  I'm sure my companion would've come away w/ a more positive experience had there been a separate dining area w/ table service (and therefore not have to dodge heavy foot-traffic while we dined).  Now that I've visited this place, I'll be able to give future companions a description of what to expect when dining here: a no-frills walk-up counter best visited during non-rush hours serving awesome antipasto salad and great pastas!  Mamma Mia!  How can I resist you?!
5	..only 10 grams of carbs per slice? "No, only 10 carbs per 12" pizza!" SOLD!Amazingly thin whole wheat crust covered in sauce, cheese and sausage ($5.95) and a shit load, 24, of buffalo wings ($9.95) made up our dinner tonight.. low carb load and maximum taste and value! The crust was lightly crunchy on the edges and chewy in the middle, love the different textures as you work through each bite. The owner attests, he's lost 80lbs low carb'n.. instant motivation to continue and stay the course with low carb eating and living. Mamma Mia's, I love you!
4	just had another one...still awesome...yay for consistency!
4	I first tried Mamma Mia's at the Yelp Birthday Party event (at the Phoenix Art Museum). I honestly wasn't super impressed by the pasta (I believe it was a penne vodka)--I found it a bit soggy and the sauce a bit too creamy for my taste. However, I remember thinking that the pizza was really simple but good NY-style pizza with slightly crispy thin crust, sauce that's not too zesty or sweet, and just the right amount of good-quality cheese. The employees manning the table at the event that night were also super friendly and even offered me a free pizza token when they found out they delivered to my office (located just a few blocks away). Since then, I've had Mamma Mia's pizza twice: once when a few co-workers and I cashed in the token and got a cheese pizza delivered to the office and again recently when a co-worker and I stopped in for the $3.50 lunch special (two slices and a soda). Both times, the pizza lived up to the stuff I tried at the museum event. I was also really impressed with the quick delivery (and friendly delivery man). I'm sure I will be back to this Mamma Mia's location many times (or at the very least, I will be calling them for delivery to my office!).
5	3 Reasons Why Mamma Mia's Rules~!The lunch price for two humongous slices and a small drink is $3.50 The lobster ravioli is rich and creamy dreamy in a red pepper brandy cream sauceThe large antipasto salad is awesome and enough for 3 full meals
5	This place is just across the street from my house, and thank god for that! Finally, some real NY pizza that is right every time. These guys have the crust right, the sauce right, and especially the attitude right. It's small, always full of customers, always busy, and the workers are having fun while slinging pies for you and me. It's refreshing to hear a curse word or two fly out of the kitchen especially when its followed by a genuine smile and a "how ya doin?" They are pretty good at remembering names, but who cares about that-- they get my pizza done the right way. They also have some of the best cavateli this side of New Rochelle, and their baked ravioli is superb. My Italian wife will not permit me to get the baked ziti as hers is the very best, but I'm sure it's good too. It's also one of the only places around where I can find my old favorite --Cel-Ray soda. That's right, celery flavored soda. If you don't believe me, then leave it for those of us who do -- the number one non-alcoholic drink to be had with good pizza. You want NY pizza? Go to Mama Mia's and eat!
4	Want 2 slices of great pizza and a drink for $5.00?  mama mia is the spot.  That's all there is to it.  Great crispy thin crust 'zah at a great price.  Staff is always friendly and they often remember your name.  Delivery is also fast and friendly.  Pizza is always delivered hot and awesome.  Check it out, if you haven't yet.
5	Just two simple NY style slices - $3.Frankie makes some amazingly fresh, thin crust pizza with a perfect crispness and light on the cheese. This a neighborhood gem where you can also get a reasonable meal but 2 slices filled me up perfect.
5	Incredible pizza! A must try. Plus they will even deliver Cigarettes and wine if requested! how cool is that?!
5	Great specials: 2 slices and a drink for $3.50It's not the greatest pizza ever (for that, go to Pete's # 2 in Chicago), but it beats anything from Domino's, Pizza Hut, Papa John's, etc. The portions are big, the pizza is not too ridiculously greasy, and the people are friendly without being fake. Delivery is also quick! ETA: I'm giving them a full five stars because they are so friendly and have great service. They charged me twice for a pizza, so I went in and they gave me the cash right then and there. They weren't even snotty about it!
5	Had a few meatballs and penne vodka pasta at the Yelp Rocks event.  Super-tasty!  Can't wait to pay MM a visit soon...
5	Summary for phone Yelpers and the TLDR crowd:Best pizza in the area / best food in its price range in the area. There is no fault to be found with their two slices special. My favorite trio of toppings is meatball, onion, and basil. This brings you to about $5.00. The pizza slices are very large and crunch when you bite into them.This review centers around the two slices deal.Situation:I work at 44th St. and Thomas and am always looking for great food on the cheap.Getting there:If you're coming from the east on Indian School, turn left at 40th St as opposed to turning into the parking lot closer to Bally's. If you're coming southeast from Indian School, take 40th St. and turn left when you see the drive through liquor joint.Parking:It's a tight parking lot. If you're in a larger vehicle it would be best to park a little nearer to the check cashing place.Menu:If you're going for the two slices deal, pick up one of the paper menus as some of the available toppings aren't featured on the big menu above the counter.Ordering:The only thing to note about ordering is that they will not let you order the two slices deal in advance. This probably doesn't concern 98% of the population but is a bummer when you're meeting up with someone with limited time or want something on the run. The pizza will take between 5 - 10 minutes. They give you a small cup. China mist iced tea was added within the last six months which was nice since I try to avoid soda whenever I'm already wrecking shop on my health with the pizza.Service:Your order will be brought to you whether you sit inside or out. The inside is a lot more comfortable since the table that cramped the interior was removed. There are misters outside.The food:The pizza is a real treat. The slices are slightly smaller than Sbarro (just a point of reference, put the flamethrowers away) but the pizza is completely different. Where a slice of NY style pizza can be folded and needs support from a second hand, Mamma Mia's remains stiff with its thin crust. Is this New Jersey style pizza? I have no idea.I haven't had a bad set of slices here. The quality is consistent though I have had some jalapenos that weren't all the way baked leaving them way to spicy for me and my ham and pineapple mix.The only other item I've had here is the stuffed meat supreme which, from the website, is "pizza crust on top and bottom stuffed with pepperoni, sausage, ham, ricotta, mozzarella and sauce." If you've been minding some tofu diet for a month and deserve a caloric overdose; or are trying to commit suicide in a delicious way, it's a great choice.Grated Parmesan, crushed red peppers, garlic powder, and oregano are available in shakers. Conclusion:For being dough, sauce, and cheese, Mamma Mia really do something amazing here. This is a restaurant that I'm excited to take anyone to who hasn't yet been. If you haven't been... what are you waiting for? Look at the volume of reviews!
4	Are you serious you thought Cannoli was soft and doughy ugh! It is supposed to be exactly the way they served it to you. Crispy golden brown on the outside and filled with sweet ricotta and chocolate chips, then dusted with a little powdered sugar. Now I want a Cannoli! I will also take some tortellini alfredo cuz yeah it's damn good. I don't care for many Alfredo sauces other than my mother's or my own. But this one is Winner Winner Pasta dinner! The bread is good to. I have had the Ziti, Chicken parm, and the Marsala. My favs from here are the Tortellini and the Marsala. Then the Pizza, well lets just say delicious!
4	This is the best pizza restaurant in the area I have discovered so far!  They have a fairly extensive menu and I keep meaning to go back and try more stuff.Their standard pizzas are just delicious, many toppings to choose from, tasty sauce, not too thin crust, not terribly expensive.  The calzone was excellent as well!Delivery is speedy, they appear to have lunch specials and interesting variations on  your typical pizza.  I am a fan!
2	Not so good anymore. Plus the "aura" of the place has become a little snotty.
5	i love the army, but they make me wake up wicked early.  then i work, work, work and when lunch rolls around, me want tasty goodness FAST.  mamma mia's is the solution.i got their 2 slice deal, mushrooms.  this cost me $4...that alone makes it rockstar, but you have to ask yourself...does it get any better?!  oh yes, it does!!!  the crust was crunchy, the cheese ooey-gooey and the mushrooms PLENTIFUL, which made me disgustingly happy.  i think pizza places never put enuf mushrooms...today, i met my match.the joint is hoppin, but they still manage to get you out in about 10 minutes.  plus, you get to stare at frank sinatra while you wait (young, cute blue eyes, not the older, less attractive version) and listen to the tv blaring.  and if you are me, the QUEEN of movie trivia, you enjoy your wait as a time to school co-workers in "the Game" while you wait for your AWESOME slices.moral of the story, go, young ones and enjoy.  the food is plentiful and cheap, atmosphere friendly but small.  its easy to miss...KEEP YOUR EYES PEELED!!!
1	uhhhhh i just got delivery for the first time- gave the guy a tip and he goes "is that it?" and my pizza was $20? wow, expensive. i lost my appetite. anyone want some pizza?
5	I love this place. It's a little bit of the Bronx right here in dusty Phoenix. The thing I crave of theirs is the stromboli, which is filled to bursting with fresh ingredients. It's often my choice for my cheats on my diet. Gotta love when New Yorkers come in and show the rest of the town how it's done.
4	Hot slice today and it was quite good - thin crust with crispy bottom sprinkled with cornmeal, somewhat chewy in the middle of the crust, sweet 'n tangy sauce, and rather milky mozzarella cheese.  Very cheap too.  Only real negative is the lack of seating and almost no A/C inside.
4	peeps, i penned, a piece of proseor poem, sure, Abu would knowthe difference, dawg, cuz he's da manmy literary, yelping,  faneither or, i rhyme to thoseat Mama Mia's, pizza prosya, they toss, the perfect pieforget the grease, just open widecrispy crust, just like the cityFrankie, yappin', itty-bittyshop, next to, a liquor storecould you ever, ask for morethree bucks buys, two slices, sodasauce and cheese, not overloadedfavorite of, the Phoenix, finestpolice choose, Mama Mi's, to dine atand even though, i feel safewhen i'm eating, at this placesix cop cars, not on patroli wonder, did i, lock my homehell, i'm not worried, keep 'em fedto serve, protect, and stuff, insteadtiramisu, into, their boccascross your fingers, pray and hope dabad guys, burglars, don't break inand interrupt, these cop's, din-din
5	Mamma Mia what a great pizza!!  I'm Italian and from back East so I know  :)   I found this gem through groupon.com.  Awesome deal that day, $35 worth of food for $10..I bought three of these even before trying the pizza. I figured it's 10 bucks what have I got to lose, right?WOW....these slices of heaven shot me right back to my childhood.  hanging out at The Roma or Two Kings on a Friday night in downtown Tamaqua....eatin' pizza, cruisin' Broad Street and enjoying time with friends.  (did I mention I'm a first generation Italian..lol)  Oh, and the pizza was good.Anyway, Mamma Mia is fantastic!  Nice crispy crust, not too thin but soft to the tooth in the middle.  When I got my slice there was grease on top of the cheese..Grease!!  Can you believe it?  That's how a pizza is supposed to be.  I relished every bit of that sweet sweet cheesy pizza grease.I am looking forward to going again real soon.  They have this awesome deal.  Two slices of pizza and a can of soda for 4 bucks...how can you possibly beat that?!   :)Take this from a paisana who knows...GO NOW to Mamma Mia's...your taste buds will be glad you did.
5	I felt like I was back on the streets of Manhattan when I bit into the cheese slices at Mamma Mia's. No, not some foo-foo gourmet version with duck and pomegranate flecks, but a real pizza like you'd find in, well, a pizzeria.$4.00 for two huge slices and a can drink? Wonderful, and psst, right next to New Orleans Snowball. I have to think that I'll be trying everything but the motorcycle shop on that very complete and varied strip mall! Thanks, Antonio and Mama Mias's!
5	Awesome food. Awesome service!!!!  Would make the trip from Chandler again.
5	Let me just say finally! I moved here from Jersey a year ago and the is the first time I can say I had a real slice of pizza and a real sub.  The food is great and the price can't be beat.  I am such a fan of this place it is the reason I just signed up for a yelp account.
4	I have noticed that most of the reviews focus on their pizza. It's great. I wanted to give a shout out to their subs as well. I had the Mamma Mia special and it was a great sandwich. Stuffed with meat and with roasted peppers, it was a sub that I would return to enjoy again.
2	Average slices. Nothing special.Not sure how much they pay the New Times for being nominated as PHX's best slice, but I disagree.I will say the prices are good and the girl who works the counter is always nice. Way better options out there, but if you are in a hurry and live close to this location...
1	This establishment will never see another penny from me. My wife and I along with a couple of other friends walked into Mamma Mia last night and were immediately told to get the "bleep out." The lights were on and the door was propped open so we assumed they were open for business. We tried to find out what the problem was and explain we are regular customers and shouldn't be treated like this. He then proceeded to tell us that he didn't need our "bleepin business" and to get the bleep out. There are plenty of other good pizza places in this area, so the owner will get his wish, we will never be back and I encourage others to do the same. The owner has the right to close and not serve people, but if your lights are on and your door is propped open and someone walks in there is no excuse for this behavior.
3	I used to be a hardcore Mamma Mia groupie, now I'm just sort of lukewarm and meh about the place. The wings have always sucked with a weird cloying sweetness that shouldn't be present in a vinegar dominant sauce, and they're always soggy, which is kind of a big bummer. But it's the pizza that's the big star here and I don't know if it's just me but it seems like there's been a slow but noticeable decline in its quality. Less toppings, burnt crust more often than not, cheese that seems to congeal in the five minutes it takes to go from box to mouth. They used to have a lot more hot sandwich and a drink specials too. Chicken parm, cordon bleu, meatball subs, all delicious! Just not offered with as much regularity or in as plentiful a portion as they used to be. Plus, and this might be a personal beef, but the drink that came with the two slices special has been scaled back to a much smaller cup. Have the extra couple gulps of soda per transaction really translated to that much of an increase in syrup costs? Is an extra six ounces of drink really hurting business?One last point and I'll end this sigh-inducing session. The service at Mamma Mia's is really pretty crappy now. Granted it was never the friendliest pizza joint (I seriously don't get the love expressed in all these reviews, as I've never seen it), but I'm just as happy with a terse and professional transaction as I am a chatty one. Now I'm lucky to get so much as acknowledgment upon approaching the counter. Usually just a blank stare from the cashier as they wait for you to speak up, followed by the price of whatever you wanted. No "Thanks." No "It'll be just a minute." Nada. I'm pretty sure that the scowls on the counter gals are fast becoming fixed.Don't get me wrong, I'm still going to stop by for a quick couple of slices now and then. I just don't get as excited as I used to. I used to be a super groupie! Mamma Mia! Sad days.
5	It always seems that there has to be one spoil sport in the crowd.  When a person takes the time to write a 4 paragraph comment, and ends the last paragraph with, "Don't get me wrong, I'm still going to stop by for a quick couple of slices now and then", you really have to sit back and scratch your head.  I guess some people are just poised for negativity.  When all you can do is make a valiant attempt to point out all the short comings that you think you have found, and then make the comment, "I seriously don't get the love expressed in all these reviews, as I've never seen it", you must truly be a hater.  I love the wings at Mama Mia's; I have never got a soggy order of wings, they are always crispy and flavorful.  Sure they may have down sized the cup, but if you were a true groupie, you would remember that at one time there was only one size of cup, period.  Now, one has been down sized, but there is a choice of two cups, a large and a small.  Who cares if they down sized the cup, the drinks have free refills any way.  Oh, so you have to make a few more trips to the soda fountain to get more soda, big deal.  If you are getting it to go, drop a few more cents and get a large, it isn't that much more to spring for.  The counter girls I think are great.  They are always sweet & kind and are very willing to help me with prompt and courteous service.  Yes, maybe at times it gets really busy and they can't give me their full attention, but that is business in a very popular and very busy pizzeria.  Very seldom do I go to Mama Mia's, and there isn't a wait or a line ahead of me.  I have been going to Mama Mia's since they opened in November of 2004.  I have always loved their pizzas, wings, and subs.  They have a slew of subs to choose from as well as many pasta dishes and calzones, all made fresh to order.  Yes some of the subs change as far as the specials are concerned.  Some come and some go to make room for new ones.  Then old subs come back and then they are gone again.  My favorite sub ever was Jays Caribbean Chicken Sub.  It was a short special, but I still loved it and if it comes back I will get it again.  It is what it is.Mama Mia's is a great pizza restaurant that has been a neighborhood icon since 2004.  Even in the worst of economic times they never changed their prices and have stayed true to the game all the way.  You can still get 2 slices of pizza and a soda for $3.50, and you can't beat that anywhere.  So thank you Mama Mia's for being there to fulfill my pizza needs and desires whenever I get the urge.  Keep up the good work!!!
5	I like Mamma Mia's more every time I go.  Today I took five people from my office here for lunch...two of them from back east.  They loved the pizza and the owner Frankie really took care of us.This has become hands down my favorite pizza place in AZ and one of the best in the country.
5	I grew up on the east coast.  My freshman year in college was all about NY pizza.  Having lived in the Pacific Northwest for the past 11 years, I haven't found much that could compete with NY pizza, so when we moved to Phoenix last week, I  was ecstatic to discover this awesome pizza place just down the street from my new house.  Evocative of the corner pizza joints found both in NYC and outlying towns, the pizza is authentic, from the perfect crust, to the large slices and toppings, to great prices. My  family  may single-handedly keep this place in business.
4	I ate here often when I lived in the area. Cheap, good pizza.  Has anyone else noticed that they are not using a brick oven to cook their pizzas?
3	Lunch special: 2 Slices + Drink = $3.50Classic New York style pizza. It's the kind you have to fold over to eat. A bit greasy but I refuse to be one of those chicks who dab their pizza with paper towels. I just let the grease and oil drip down my chin. Sexy, I know. It was good. It wasn't the BEST pizza I've ever had but for less than $5, this is a good lunch choice. I am leaving room for more from Mamma Mia. I have my eye on a couple items off the menu, like the Lobster Ravioli and White Pizza.By the way, this is the first time I've heard of White Pizza. They don't have pizza in 'Nam so that was new. When my friend asked if I wanted some White Pizza, I told her I'm open-minded and certainly don't discriminate. Bring it on!
4	Since I'm on a low-carb diet, I never imagined I'd be able to eat pizza without cheating like a vengeful ex.  Then, thanks to my fellow Yelpers, I found Mamma Mia and its 10 carb pizza.  For $5.95+tax.  Sold.Show up at the store, where there are a few people on the "patio" happily chowing down on what looks to be some tasty grub.  Once I walk inside, I feel the warm, home-owned vibe that makes my tummy smile.  I pay my dues (under $6.50 with tax minus tip), wait 6 minutes, and voila! the pizza is ready.  Armed with crushed red pepper and fresh parmesan from the restaurant, I dig in when I return to my office, savoring each pepperoni-and-cheese covered bite.  This is not the best pizza I've had; however, I can't imagine a 10 carb pizza being any better.  Crispy, thin, wheat crust, flavorful ingredients, and a short drive from work?  Wow!  I will return, and may upgrade my already high rating!
4	This pizza is the bomb.  I enjoy their 2 slices and a drink special on a regular basis.  This is New York style pizza made by a Yankee fan like me!
5	At long last - a pizza joint that calls themselves "New York Style" and they're ACTUALLY RIGHT!!!  There's nothing "fancy" about these slices, but trust me - having eaten at several "hole in the wall" joints in NYC - including @ the subway stations - this is IT.  This is New York pizza to a tee.  Very friendly staff.  I only wish the place was bigger to accommodate the crowd.  The $3.50 lunch deal is a STEAL and they don't skimp on the size of the slices.  It's a tad on the greasy side, which lends to its authenticity as New York style pizza.
3	1/15/10Loved the low-carb cheese crisp!  White cheese on a low-carb wheat crisp- super-thin and delicious!  A couple of firemen came in and one of them immediately spotted my cheese crisp and remarked "she's having my favorite- the cheese crisp!"I originally ordered a white pizza, but it had cornmeal in it, so subbed the cheese crisp, instead.  However, I was told that I could call in a day in advance and place my order, and a pizza could be made free of cornmeal.  Yay!I also had the stuffed shellls sans marinara sauce.  Filling tasted great and had creamy texture.  However, since it was baked w/o the red sauce, parts of most of the shells were undercooked- honestly, it was inedible- you can spot the dry, uncooked areas in the photos.  Wonder if they can prepare it in a way to avoid this in the future?Awesome cannoli-: ricotta-mascarpone filling, made in-house, w/ chocolate chips.  Not too sweet.  Made me wish I had ordered more than just one :(Really wish they'd expand and install a proper dine-in area.  Not really comfortable w/ the current situation of having to eat w/ so many people crowding up indoors waiting in line...  Outdoor tables are always taken when I'm there (and really, who wants to eat outside while inhaling in carbon monoxide traffic fumes?  Not me!
4	Adding another star since my last review.I just had their white pizza today and topped it with the tiramisu. Both are highly recommended.
5	Toppings are always fresh. Pizza always good. This is my go-to place to find NY style pizza.
5	Mama Mia Rocks. Unfortunately I don't make it out that way too often. I paid $6.96 for a drink and a hot chicken parmasean sandwich. The portion size is very filling and delicious. The previous restaurant I reviewed should check this place out and see how it's done. There's nothing I can add that hasn't been captured by previous reviewers. I need to dine here more often.
4	Huge pasta dishes! Huge. Nice little pizza place hidden away, in a strip mall! Big NY style pizza slices and the pasta dishes are great! There meatballs are really good but the sausage ehh I was a little let down on there sausagebut I'll get over it, pretty cheap for two people to go get pasta! I'll be back!
2	I was really looking forward to getting pizza from here as I've had it before and it was good.  So after looking at the menu I decided on a pie with two toppings sun-dried tomato's and hatch green chili's.  I ordered around 730pm and figured about a 30-40 minute wait.  At 840pm still had no pizza so I called and asked what the issue was.  Just then the driver called and asked for directions to my house.  I got the pie close to 9pm and the Pepsi was not really cold and the pie was far from hot.  So based on this experience a two star review because the pizza was good but for bad delivery and high cost for the poor service.
2	Not a huge fan... the service was ok, nothing special nothing bad. The building was ok, a little dirty. The pizza was a disappointment. The crust is good but really didn't have much flavor, the sauce.. oh wait what sauce. There was zero. I actually asked for a side of sauce. The cheese was just enough to cover the top and nothing more. The toppings were ok. meh... Prices were ok I guess.Over hyped maybe? Bad day maybe?
4	This place has definitely improved. I remember the early days of soggy crusts, cheap cheese, subpar ingredients and heartburn.  This is certainly no longer the case.The place was super jammed around 6pm on a Thursday night.  It was actually kind of exciting!  All the guys in back were having a good ol' time, and the gals up front taking the orders were visibly stressed, but doing a great job.  We ended up creating our own vegetarian pizza.  We kept it simple, and just added mushrooms & onions.  It's everyone's new favorite... in fact, I've been ordering the same combination at other pizza places, but it's not nearly as yummy as Mamma Mia's version.  They have a great selection to build your own, however I'm sure that all their offerings are a hit as evidenced by the long line of hungry pizza lovers going out the door.
4	I have been to Mamma Mia's on two consecutive days. Day 1, I ordered two slices of pie with sausage and meatball on them. Add small drink, pay CHEAP fare, and enjoy this blissful ride to pizza heaven. Awesome pizza. Reminds me of pie from the NYC in many ways. The menu is huge, with many choices for the pickiest of eaters. If you can't find an item on the menu you should probably live where you really are not allowed to make decisions. North Korea comes to mind... Anyways, I digress.Day 2 went in and ordered the Chicken Parmesan Sandwich. The last time I had a parmi was on the Jersey Shore sometime in my wild and mindless youth. But, the one thing I do remember of my wild and mindless youth was those days on The Shore eating Parmis. Today, nostalgia came and-a hit me RIGHT-a in the face-a. These were AWESOME. And so that you know that I am not biased; my friend ordered one, and said it was "Absolutely amazing." So there.Ok, so why then the 4 stars you may be asking? Well, 2 things.1. It's 113 degrees outside today in Phoenix. When you stand in a restaurant and debate whether it would be better to stay inside, eat outside, or take it home, you know it's too fricking hot inside. We decided that the "to go" option was too good to pass up. Inside, it's ABOUT 10-12 degrees cooler than outside.2. I'm not entirely exaggerating when I say that the front of this place is not much bigger than a broom closet. A small family will fill the space inside rendering it useless. The chairs are all canted in a weird angle rendering 3/4 of them useless. The lesson here folks: Take it home, to the office, or wherever you spend your days and nights. Just go away. Or.... wait until January to eat outside. It's a hit in my book, though.
2	Discovered via Groupon and ordered after checking reviews on Yelp. 2 stars are for the great pizza and unique variety of pizza toppings. Ribeye and blue cheese? Yes, please. Great crust and good enough sauce to get the job done. Bringing the rating down were two things. The "hot" wings were overcooked, though the sauce was flavorful. Sign of an amateur chef or maybe just a bad day. In keeping w/ the bad day as a possible excuse is the owner Frank. When I informed him he was overcharging customers who order pizzas 1/2 and 1/2 w/ ingredients, I experienced one of the oddest exchanges I've had w/ any place of business. Long story short, he said I was the first person to ever notice (how long had they been overcharging ppl??), invited me to train his staff or open my own business for 2.5 milllion to run it how I want, said he'd never lost a customer over a few bucks and w/ obvious great pain offered a small credit - not even the correct amount. Wow. So I learned Frank and math aren't best friends and he can no longer say he didn't lose a customer over a few bucks (there's 2 now). So many great places to get pizza. It's how you handle the rare hiccup that separates you from the rest. We'll keep going to Classic Italian Pizza and Venezia's for real good quick "fix" and Bianco and Cibo when we want take our time and enjoy the best. I'll save the pizza w/ attitude for when I'm back visiting NYC. Maybe Frank can open his next place there?
5	Mamma Mia might be the best tasting and cheapest New York style pizza in town! You can get two slices of cheese pizza and a drink for $3.50 while still satiating your craving for delicious pizza. They also serve an array of other good foods (sandwiches, wings, cannoli..mmm, etc.), but one of the best of the other dishes is the vodka penne pasta that pretty much melts in your mouth.The staff is really nice and the owner is a cool guy. They always bring the food out quickly and the quality of their food doesn't waver. So...try them today!
5	UPDATE: On my most recent visit, I checked in on Yelp and received a free dessert deal. I got a canolli. It was meh, and I wouldn't have paid $4 for it.Try the cheesy calzone with marinara sauce. Delicious! I can't believe I ate the whole thing!  Or get their 2 slices of pizza (50 cents extra per topping per pizza) and a drink deal for $3.50. Their slices are large on a deliciously crispy crust and the pizza ...the best! There's a small area outside with bistro tables and chairs, but I usally get mine to go. I'll be back.
5	I love the second location of Mamma Mia because it is closer to where I live, but this place has something the downtown location does not: Corn.Yes, I love corn on my pizza.  Specifically with ricotta cheese.  I also love when I can spend so little on such quality.  If you haven't had the pizza here, then you are denying yourself of a Phoenix institution.  And definitely have some corn on it.
3	Mamma Mia's is good if you are poor, hungry and don't care if you fall asleep after lunch, which I don't, because my job is meaningless. All I've ever eaten here is the pizza and it's not bad depending on the time.  If they're busier they tend to under cook it because maybe they assume a customer waiting eight minutes instead of five is going to send you into a fucking Hulk frenzy and you'll chew off someone's face and then give them ONE star on Yelp.  And fuckin' A they'd be right.I didn't wait eight minutes though, I waited five, and my shit was undercooked.  Typically people like their pepperoni crispy, take not Mamma Mia. The other reason why sometimes I avoid this place is because it's so tiny and closed in that when you order your pizza to-go and the seats are full you end up standing awkwardly in the middle of the room, mindlessly fucking with the fountain machine and gazing at the nonsensical wall memorabilia until someone says "EXCUSE ME?!"By that time though, you'll have your under cooked lunch and it will hit the spot if you're in the mood for greasy, New York style pizza.Then I fall asleep at my desk or think of adopting an eating disorder and vomiting in my work's public restroom.  But instead I just eat another slice and look up "crazy cat" on Youtube.  Either way, the lunch special is like 3.50 so it's always totally worth it.
5	This pizza is soo good! It reminds me of the pizza you would get on the Jersey shore. The slices are big and the sauce is very flavorful. Their prices are very reasonable too. And the best part? The tiramisu. You wouldn't think dessert would be that good coming from a pizza place, but man. This stuff is amazing and the perfect size and price.
4	Good stuff!  Pizza and calzones are really good.  Love that they participate in Groupon too.  Fun for the whole family.  I wish their salads were better though.
5	I've eatin' a lot of pizza and can say without worries that Mama Mia's is the Best I've had -- Consistency, value and great service sets them apart -- They also have the best take out wings in town!!!!
5	Great pizza - I always add garlic which makes every pizza even more AWESOME! I prefer to order carry out - sometimes the delivery takes too long when they get busy and you end up with cold pizza, which still tastes great (and not rubbery like those places that use cheap imitation cheese blends) but when you order fresh pizza, eating it hot is just sort of an expectation! If you keep your eyes peeled you can usually find killer deals in the coupon mailer, the Arcadian, and even on Groupon!
5	I only like to eat pizza two places on the valley and mamma mia is one of them.  But this place makes more then good pizza.  The Penne Vodka is some of the best in town.    Eggplant Parm is also rocking!It also make a great lunch or quick dinner how can you beat 2 slices and a drink for $3.50.The Arcadia location is small and seating is limited.  About 6 seats inside and at most 12 outside.  Making takeout a better option.
3	Can't beat the lunch special!  Good food for very cheap- I mean inexpensive...  Frankie runs a great place.  Pastas are great.  Always good quality at a fair price.
4	When I go to Mamma Mia it's for the $3.50 two slices and a small drink. Can't beat the price, and I live just a couple of blocks away. Great for a quick lunch or if I want to grab a bite on the way home from work.I don't know what they do differently, but I prefer the pizza by the slice to the whole pies here. The slices are perfectly crispy, the whole pies are good but aren't as crisp. I've only tried one of the pastas, the Penne Vodka. It was good, but not good enough to recommend over the pizza.
5	Went there about a month ago with a deal certificate I got from one of the deal sites. Place is tiny, so probably not so good to eat there.. though there were a couple of tables outside I wouldn't mind sitting at if I was eating lunch. can not beat the lunch special.. wish work was closer, so I can go there for lunch... Pizza was excellent, services was fast. Only took about 10 min for the 2 XL pizzas to be made and they were hot and tasty. Looking forward to my next stop there.
4	I buy a few groupons for this place every time they offer them!  The food is awesome!  Prices are good on somethings, little high on others, that's why I use the groupons when I can.  Small shop though, if you are there at an off time or doing take out would be easier.  But worth the time it takes to pick it up!
4	The reason I cannot.give it five stars is because this is not my favorite kind of pizza... but its amazing...by far the best delivery pizza...but i.dont want to put it in the pizza hut or.dominoes category either...its so much better then that...its just delicious new york style pizza...the pizza when you bight into it is chewy and hot...the sauce is delicious.  I love pepperoni so that is the pizza that I get almost everytime.  I like to dip it in ranch and it mkaes it that much better!  They have a great deal 2 slices and a drink for $3.50 which is awesome!  It is the best new york style pizza I have had here in Phoenix!  Gotta love it!  The chocolate mousse and the chocolate chip cannoli are very good as well if you have room after the pizza.
4	Order a slice, fold it, eat it, love it.
5	I had to move in October and I'm no longer in the delivery range of this place, but I still visit when I can and keep in touch with the owner. This is easily my favorite place in town for pizza. The cheesesteaks are incredible as well. The ambiance isn't fancy - it's a little hole-in-the wall of an old strip mall... If the staff is short with you, it's because this place is almost always busy. The best pizza places are usually the ones that are always busy. Think about it. If you ate here and didn't fall in love, you're doing it wrong - try again.
4	There's no doubt about it, both Mamma Mia locations deliver some great pizza on the cheap. This Mamma Mia is now the closer of the two to my house, and at first I was a little worried. I wasn't sure if both locations were going to be good, but I'm not worried anymore.Whenever I go there, I get slices. I also usually only spend about $6. To me, that's awesome when I'm craving some pizza pie. By the way, Mamma Mia serves good ol' fashoined NY-style pizza. Their toppings range from traditional (roni, sausage, veggies) to fancy (salmon, bleu cheese, capers). I have been known to order capers on my slices (and they were actually really good). Normally I ask for the slices well done, and I'd recommend you do the same if you like that extra bit of crispiness like me. The slices come out relatively quickly, and I've never been dissatisfied with what I've been given.I've yet to try their sandwiches or pastas, but in time I'm sure I'll get around to it. At $6 or less a pop, I feel like I've got a good thing going. If I'm in the mood for pizza and I don't feel like traveling far or spending much, Mamma Mia is towards the top of my list.
4	Mamma Mia serves cheap delicious Italian food. Every time I come here I order a slice of pizza with ranch and penne al la mamas which is the pasta of the gods in case you didn't know! If you love alfredo sauce you will love this pasta. The ranch here is really good too! I wish I lived in the area so I could eat here more often.
2	My husband, my friends and family and I have been there many times and the first word that comes to mind for us is inconsistent.  Sometimes the crust has been nicely done to a satisfying end and other times it has been like eating pizza on a large bagel, incredibly doughy.  The last time we went, we got a pie for some friends to come over to watch a PPV event.  Several people commented on how salty the pizza was.  It tasted quite different than it typically did in the past.  Just bizarre.  We also had an issue with them honoring a coupon that was assigned to their location and not expired...  When its good, its a fairly solid pie, for Phoenix.  But its a crap-shoot every time.  Think we've given them enough chances.
3	After the spectacular reviews we decided to give this place a try.  I can honestly say that I have had better.  Much better.  The pizza was bland and the salad was not very inspired.  I know it was Caesar, but I guess I have been spoiled by better places around the valley and this place just did not stand up to my high expectations.  I may recommend this place, but only as a last resort.
5	My new favorite place.  I love this pizza.  I became a vegetarian in March.  So cheese pizza with mushrooms and olives is very important to me.  And Mamma Mia's is cheap and delicious, my favorite combo.  And my constant companion, my 9 year old daughter born in Philly and a fan of hoagies, loves their turkey subs.  I'm just in it for the pizza.  And if you sit outside you can watch the people going to the liquor store next door and watch the people playing frogger to get across the street to the Vig.  Pretty good people watching.
5	Wow! Best "fast pizza" I have ever had in AZ. I just moved to the arcadia neighborhood and am pretty familiar with the area. I kept driving by Mama Mia and its always busy despite being a hole in the wall. The next time I drove by I couldn't resist stopping in even though I was not hungry! I ordered cheese with bacon, hatch green Chile, and mushroom. I took a bite and it was fantastic! The crust was crunchy and soft at the same time, the sauce was explosive, and it wasn't too greasy even though there was bacon on it! I will never order chain pizza again considering they deliver 7 days a week! I recommend everyone to come try Mama Mia even if you dont live the neighborhood. You wont be disappointed!
2	I used to love Mamma Mia's. No more.DO NOT order on-line unless you would like your money stolen. Ordered a pizza online a month ago. Pizza never showed. Called and they said their computer was down and didn't get any of their online orders. Really?! You run a business and can't get your orders off the computer!I said cancel my order and refund my $. They said a mgr would call me. He did and said they would refund my credit card charge. Never did. Called again. They said they would get right on it. Still no refund. Now having to dispute it with my credit card company. Always fun.Recent orders have been undercooked. Bummer. Looking for a new pizza place.
5	Real New York /New Jersey PIZZA!!!! I love this pizza.
5	I moved from Philly this past summer and I've searched all over the Valley for a "GOOD" Pizza. After eating lots of tasteless and cardboard pizza, I found Momma Mia when I moved into Arcadia! I love the hole in the wall vibe! Just like home :) The sauce is great and super tasty! The dough tastes slightly sweet and is fluffy..It's what makes the pizza so great and there is a brickoven!! I love it! My husband and I order the pizza/wing special .The wings are so hot and spicy ( we order the hot, but it comes in buffalo and mild) They have an extensive menu of pasta, sandwiches and salads. I want to try their Philly Steak next, but for the time being I still make mine at home. Every pizza place likes to say its "New York Style", but this place really does a NYC pizza. Well the best nyc pizza you're gonna get in AZ, Something about the water.
5	Mamma Mia you are exactly what I have been searching for in AZ!  This style of pizza is exactly the type that I have become accustomed to growing up in MA.  I have been searching the valley for years and I finally found east coast pizza.  Up until the other day Ray's pizza has been the closest I have found, but Mama Mia blows Ray's away, hands down.   Dough-5 stars   Sauce-5 stars   Cheese-5 stars   My friend has been telling me to try this pizza for a while now and he to is from MA, so he knows my flavor profiles pretty much better than anyone.  And upon my first bite, he was right.  This is exactly the style of pie we grew up with.  I'm kind of disappointed that I don't live closer otherwise I would have a serious Mama Mia's addiction, or maybe that's a good thing :)  I will be back soon!
3	Wanted to love it, but it was just OK.  Maybe my slices were overcooked.  Will give it one more try.
5	Definitely check this place out! Great prices!
2	Not great. $20. for a med. 3 topping pizza that had a crust that was charred black on the bottom. Dominos would have been a better choice. MUCH BETTER!
3	Bless you and your meatballs w/ cheese bread...oh my gato it was sooooooo good! We have been looking for something different that the old standby pizza delivery places and just happened to stumble upon this place through Grubhub...I'm so happy we did! We also got the medium-spicy chicken wings and they were awesome. Love the addition of actual hot sauce to the recipe. And the crust on the pizza was divine as well, kinda chewy, doughy, and oh so perfect (and even better the next day for cold breakfast pizza!). YUM!
5	Looking for the perfect pizza for a lazy night in? Mamma Mia is where it's at. A tiny little storefront in a shopping center that reminds you of a traditional slice shot in a big city, you walk-in, grab your pizza and go. The pizza is AMAZING. Not too greasy and the price is just right. We're partial to the cheese, hawaiian and feta/onion/tomato combo. Plus, the slice & soda deal is perfect for a quick fix. We're pizza whores and this is hard to beat for fast, casual pizza to-go. It's been our go-to for years. Be sure to scan the local coupon envelopes for deals or check online. Always $3-$5 off online orders.
5	THIS IS PIZZA! I was raised in Brooklyn NY so I know what good pizza is and in Phoenix this is the only place to go if you want to know what NY Pizza is all about. The Place is small but who cares, it is about the food. Slices are big, you have to fold it it eat it and the $3.50 special is more than a steal.Anyone who does not like the food, just does not know better and never had NY  Style pizza, so ignore any ratings below 5 stars.Going to get some right now!! LOL
1	Beware!  After encouraging customers to order on line with a discount, that discount was discontinued.  The owner also decided (for reasons the manager could not remember when I asked) to charge $1.50 for ordering on line AND charge an additional 3% for using a credit card (like you have a choice).  So on top of the already close to highest prices in town for frequently overcooked pizza, management is now also trying to stick it to its loyal customers with new charges hidden in the fine print.  Think twice before doing business with these folks, and watch your wallet.
5	I just had to come back and review this place again because of some of the low ratings, first off I do not understand if you rave about the food you give 3 stars? What is up with that? And if you didn't try the food why bother rating.Anyway, THIS PEOPLE is what NY Style pizza is all about. For those who complained there are better tasting places, YOU JUST DO NOT HAVE A CLUE!This is pizza at it's finest, if you do not like it, it is likely you have never been to NYC to actually know what pizza is all about.The slices are huge and the crust is crispy,just enough cheese and if you order a pie to go, they heat up nice in the oven the next day, very flavorful.Delivery off their online page has NEVER been a problem.I live across the street from here and I always hit this place when I can.The special at $3.50 is a steal for two slices and a medium soda.The people are great and always smiling and engaging.The other menu items are tops, (I loved the Stuffed Shells & the Garlic Bread with Cheese)The Desserts are good also and you have to try them.When I walk in I feel like I am back in Brooklyn and love seeing the NY Daily News & the NY Post framed on the wall.I am a Brooklyn raised Puerto Rican who lived on a 3 generation mafia owned pizzeria LOL and let me tell you this place is just as good, so go there and let them make you a offer you can't refuse  ;)
5	This review is for the subs. We all know the pizza is as good as it gets, but have you tried their subs? Woah! I've had the veal parm and just now INHALED AN ENTIRE MAMMA MIA SPECIAL. Once you order one you'll know what an amazing feat that was.The veal parmigiana is thin, with a light breading that comes out  super crispy. Covered in sauce and cheese, it is simple and done right.The mamma mia special is their italian sub with ham, salami, pepperoni, provolone, roasted red peppers, lettuce, tomato, and onion. The bread they use ROCKS. Make sure to get it toasted! Crisp on the outside, warm and soft with a slight chew. The perfect amount of meat and toppings - and I love the combo of mayo on the bottom roll, dressing over the top. I've actually watched one of their guys making one, and he treats it like an art piece. Carefully placing the meat just so... it's worth the wait!
4	A solid NY style pizza spot in the nondescript strip mall across the street from the Vig. It plays to the stereotype well, complete with the obligatory NY/Rat Pack memorabilia on the wall and thick Jersey accents behind the counter.  The pizza is solid but what sets it apart is the economics.  Two slices and a drink for $4 is alright  by my book.
4	I ordered the Penne a la Mammas, which is a penne and delicious garlic-cream sauce, with mushrooms and roasted red bell peppers. I also added Italian sausage to the order. The order is big enough for 2-3 meals. I really loved this dish, except for one thing (and the only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars): the red peppers tasted "off." I don't know exactly how to describe the "off" flavor, as it's been over a month since I was there (wish I'd written my review sooner...) but I simply pulled them out, and enjoyed the rest of it immensely. This is really more of a take-out/delivery place (this location, anyway), so I had it for lunch and dinner with a salad I made at home, and even had a little left over for breakfast the next day. So I'd have to say a pretty good value, too... :)
5	Hard to find New York pizza that tastes like New York pizza.  All the way from Morristown, NJ, this place is now the only place I order NY style pizza.
5	Love love love this place.  I am not a "tomato" Italian person.  Someone bought their baked zetti and I hate it only for the sustenance.  I was starving!  It is the only place I will eat a "red sauce" pasta.  Their pizza?  Their Pizza is out of this world!.  It a hidden gem.  I wish them the best of luck in their business.  It's awesome for take out.  If you want to impress friends that you are having over just order from them and put in a nice dish.  Amazing!
3	The pictures proved to me that this was not true NY pizza. Too much cheese and no oregaeno or orange glistening. They don't have the slices out for you to see, so that makes me believe the slices are individually prepared in the back which is a big negative (hence the low price). Another issue is the spanish that is spoken by the cooks and the front counter person. I want to hear fuggetaboutit when I walk in, not hola como esta. For that, I can head to the ranch market or the local taqueria. Ok all that being said, I ordered a chicken parmisan hero which was pretty good. The cutlets could have been a bit cripier, but there was lots of ,mozzarella cheese and a decent sauce on top of the hero. At 7 bucks it was a decent value, but maybe throw in a drink for a lunch special and that would have been great. No habla english, no bueno pizza.
5	Recently used a Yelp deal ($7 for $14) here and the food was fantastic.  Two HUGE slices of pepperoni pizza, a delicious meatball sub, and a soda came in at under $14.  The pizza was excellent - a tad bit greasy but nice, crisp crust.  The sub was as good as any I've had back in New England;  very soft, juicy meatballs, toasty bread and a side of shredded lettuce/tomatoes/onions dressed with a vinaigrette for toppings.My girlfriend and I would certainly come back, Yelp deal or not.  An excellent slice of what we truly miss from back home in Connecticut.
1	It's overrated sloppy and greasy.
3	Just ok pizza. Tastes very similar to Peter Piper Pizza. Thinner, tougher style crust with a decent amount of sauce. Hot wings are pretty spicy due to the crushed red pepper. I wouldn't go out of my way to pick it up.
5	I will never order from chain pizza places again! Mama Mia's is so delicious and never disappoints. Not to mentions very reasonably priced.  They have slices for just a few dollars and such yummy meatballs and cheesy bread.  We always get the pizza slices with basil (simply and tasty) and the side of meatballs. We probably go to Mama  Mia's far too often for our waistlines, but we live right down the street, how can we resist? Honestly though, even if it wasn't so close to our place I would go out of my way for their pizza.
4	I come here at least weekly if not more frequently. Its very consistent and reasonably priced compared to the quantity you get.Everyone talks about the slices so ill bring up the pasta. Getting the baked ziti with mb today but i usually get the chx alfredo with broccoli added. Its like 3 servings and its delicious fresh as well as reheated. Ive had the ziti and tortellini both are great. I prefer the ziti tho as the sauces get inside the pasta.Worth a visit if youre in the area and havent tried it yet. PS, the baked ziti was awesome! Id suggest asking for meat sauce if you're a carnivore like me but the marinara can hold its own with some meatballs if you cut em up.
4	We like to stick with the pizza and wings deal. $16 for a large cheese pizza, wings, and 2L soda. Then add our toppings accordingly, his is pepperoni and mine, pineapple. I love their thin crust pizza and spicy wings!! Their only fault is leaving the ranch or two a few times but their quality makes up for it. Also saving a few bucks doesn't hurt because ordering online one can save some money or a yelp deal. Definitely one of my favorite pizza places.
4	Tried this pizza on New Year's Eve, couldn't find a babysitter for our two year old so we got delivery.  I ordered online and specified 8:00 PM delivery, and the pizza arrived at 8:04PM, which I thought was pretty impressive.  And it might be the best pizza I've ever had.  The sauce was fantastic, the crust was a thing of beauty, and I put capers on there which I have never had the option of doing before.  In fact, the topping options were amazing.  I would like to try it in the restaurant to get the effect of eating it piping hot out of the oven, but even warm out of the delivery bag it was absolutely delicious.  Don't need to get pizza from anywhere else, I'm hooked!
4	Great pizza.  Environment nothing to write home about, yet did I mention Great Pizza!
5	Great pizza and great lunch spot. Not very much seating be prepared to eat in your car.
5	i love this place its my fave to go lucnh pizza spot great  lunch special. and the food is always fresh i love the condiments the basil and oregano is amazing.
5	I ordered the pizza and wings deal for $16 plus added my choice of toppings online and within 30 minutes, I had the order at my office. It was delicious and definitely worth of the accolade of "Best Pizza in the Valley". This is by far my favorite place for pizza in town. The wings were almost as good as the pizza too.
4	I was looking for some pizza outside the corporate brands and found this place on yelp. I tried it out a few months ago and have been coming back ever since. I come here at least once or twice a week for their $3.50 two slice and small drink special. Toppings are an extra .50 each and I always add the italian sausage. The slices are pretty large are enough to fill me up. I have had the italian salad a few times as well and again, very large portion. I would make it a 5 if the women at the front were a little friendlier. They dont seem happy to be there.
4	I have gotten Mamma Mia several times since my last review (including some pizzas from the 8th st location that I believe is closed now). I have to say, it has not impressed me lately like it used to. It is much more like a generic pizza, nothing too special about it. Also, they changed the tiramisu!!! When I ordered it and got their new version, I was really disappointed. It was much larger, but not nearly as flavorful. Anyway, I will still get the occasional pizza here, but it is no longer my go to place.
4	AMAZING! i love this place, i've bragged about to a couple of friends and when they try they love it just as much as i do. it's not only cheap but also delicious!!! i'm not a big fan of their wings or calzones but the pizza is seriously great. if you're affraid to try anything new just stick to the pizza you can never go wrong with that!
4	I can't believe I haven't reviewed Mamma's before now.  Good pizza. Good pasta. Good value, and now that I'm thinking about it - I'm hOngry!  They've also been decent enough to honor the residual value on my long, LONG  expired coupon deals.  The pizza is good - really good.  Might not strike one as "gourmet" but there are enough varieties and variations to satisfy any rational person, and for a tiny walk-up counter, they offer an amazing variety of pastas and subs as well.  Pizza, baked ziti, manicotti - all very good, and the pastas under $10.  The 40th Street and East Indian School location has a tiny indoor dining area - seating for 6 - maybe?  And a few 2-seat patio tables out front which are not unpleasant on a moderate night.  This location gives impression of being much cleaner and brighter than the defunct 8th Street location which was much more convenient for mid-towners to get to and still had good food at great prices, but had a decidedly divey vibe.  "Divey" can have be its own charm but I don't miss the dozens of dead flies on the windowsills at the closed location - and this one happily doesn't have those!  Mamma's  is good - worth the occasional detour to 40th Street even if it's not on your regular flight path home or wherever.
4	Great local place for a delicious slice!   Mamma's  pizza will never let you down.    You can order a pie or get it by the slice and customize it how you like it.  Simply the best!   So much better than chain pizza places - definitely worth it to hit up Mamma Mia's when you are craving a good pizza.   Enjoy!
4	Been coming here for many years as I only live a couple blocks away. This is a great place to get a couple slices of pizza for just a few bucks. Service has always been fast and friendly, and the pizza is one of the better ones in the valley despite being inexpensive. Same employees have been working there for as long as I have been going there. Not much seating, but it's not that kind of place really. I always get my food to go. The only drawback is that it is literally hot as hell inside the place which is fine in winter but not so much in summer.
3	While visiting Phoenix I was craving a good pizza...and being from buffalo wanted a REAL pizzeria style pizza. And I found it. It was excellent. I had one half just cheese and the other half kalamata olives, sundried tomatoes and fresh basil. It was a great pizza. However, the service and delivery were terrible. It took over an hour for the delivery and I even called the place to make sure everything was good to go since I ordered online. The woman on the phone was very nice and assured me the driver left. Shortly after, the delivery man came storming to the apartment saying he couldn't find it and that next time I should tell them a building number...there are no building numbers and I gave him the apartment number so I didn't feel he needed to say that. Also, I ordered online which was extremely convenient and easy but maybe next time I will give step by step directions on how to read numbers on an apartment door...
4	I try not to eat pizza too often, but when I do, Mamma Mia is my go-to place to get it from.  Whether you're hanging solo and stop by for a slice or you're ordering for a larger group, you're in good hands at MM.  They've has always exceeded my expectations.I've had their subs and salad and you can't go wrong with either of those, but their pizza is the real deal!  I love that we live in the delivery zone.  Prices are moderate, they offer a variety of toppings, and everything is always fresh.My son loves their meatballs too... Bon appetit!
5	It's now been almost 2 years since I discovered Mamma Mias...when we moved to the neighborhood.  Still my favorite regular pizza place.  Cheese pizza with mushrooms, olives, and, if I 'm feeling wild, corn.  Surprisingly yummy.
2	MehVery light on the cheese not much flavor and their "cheese" does not stretch at all(NYers know what I mean)  If this is "NY pizza" it's bellow average NY pizza. I've been here two times and both times the bottom of the slice was burnt . Venizias in Tempe does a much better job with the sauce and cheese and overall flavor The price however is amazing. 1.75 a slice makes it a great value. I may come here if I'm broke in between pay checks. Only reason to come here is the price because the pizza is just something too eat.
4	Good place for take out but to small to dine in. Vegetarian pizza is really really good. This place had another Restaurant on 7th st but shut down so now we have to drive to 40th st when we want good pizza. It's worth the drive for sure.
4	I had an Entertainment Book coupon for a buy 1 get 1 free pizza. Score! I ordered a 16" veggie & a 16" Mamamia supreme all for $23. The slices were huge! The veggies were fresh! And everything else was just delicious. I can't wait to go back. I'm just sad I have no more coupons :(. I definitely suggest coming here.
5	Seriously the best pizza place I have found since moving to the "Arcadia" area! The staff is friendly, the pizza is affordable, and they sell slices if you don't want a whole pizza! If you like traditional NY pizza- Try it!
2	My roommates go crazy over this pizza.  Maybe because they always eat it when they're hungover. I don't get it. No fresh ingredients. Nothing I hate more than canned vegetables on my pizza. BYE.
5	low carb dieting is awesome. aaaaaand it sucks. here's the deal-i love meat and dairy items, but i also love bread, so being deprived of it is the pits.  when i heard mamma mia's had a low carb pizza (uh, 10 carbs for the whole thing? what?) i just about flipped my lid.  i still feel like they're somehow lying because i don't understand how that's even possible, but whatever, i'm not pushing it.i first found out about this pizza two or so months ago, but like an idiot, totally forgot and never got around to ordering it.  fast forward to tonight when i was feeling cranky, tired, and in need of a pizza fix. bam!  mamma mia's low carb pizza is a thing i can have for dinner! and i can have it delivered to my lazy ass! i chose to get it with garlic, fresh basil, pepperoni, and black olives-and boy did it not disappoint! the crust isn't your typical pizza crust, but more of a tortilla-like situation.  i would say it's more comparable to a thin crust pizza except not as crispy.  no, it doesn't have all that doughy-breadness you're used to, but for a low carb pizza, it's pretty freakin' awesome.  since the crust is so thin, it doesn't hold up super well when you try to handle a slice, but i was able to fold it in half and still enjoy it.  if you're low carbin' it up and missing pizza, check out mamma mia's! i wish more people had awesome options like them!
5	If you like NY Pizza this is the place to go!
4	Hole in the wall pizza places are the best. No where to sit but it was nice outside. Mushroom and sausage pizza was awesome. Fresh ingredients. Thin sliced. Wonderful pizza. Crust was good but I've had better so 4 stars.
5	This is our go to delivery pizza. They always say it will take 45 minutes, but they are here in 30 and sometimes under. We live very close but other places haven't delivered as fast as these guys.We usually end up ordering on Sundays when we are to lazy to cook and we always order the same thing. They are nothing but consistent and good from the pizza to the wings. I have had other pizza around the valley but none this good...just genuinely good pizza and service (and ranch dressing!)
3	So I called Mamma Mia and asked about getting two large cheese pizzas and a cannoli for delivery to SkyPark and the youngish woman who answered my call to Momma Mia said that they won't deliver to SkyPark (literally across the parking lot) anymore so I needed to walk over and get my own pizzas, and also that because I had called the pizza place directly (and not had a SkyPark employee call in my order) they had to charge me a higher price for the pizzas!  WTF?!  Extremely annoyed I turned to the SkyPark employee, while still on the phone with the pizza place, and asked him why he didn't call in the order for me since I had to pay a higher price if I called them, and he just shrugged his shoulders, clearly unsure what to tell me.  So after a few minutes I walked over to Mamma Mia where I explain I am there for the pizzas that I called in and I ask why I had to pay a higher price when the SkyPark staff were the ones to instruct me to call them directly, and the cashier immediately starts to go into this great rant about how SkyPark owes them money and they won't deliver pizzas to them anymore and blah, blah, blah...I couldn't believe it.  Mortified was the only emotion I felt.  So I paid for my pizzas, checked in on Yelp, got my food and left.  It is worth noting that the pizza was good (flavorful, cheesy and hot) and I got the cannoli free for checking in on Yelp, but yeah, the general attitude from them sucked!  I'm never going back.  There is never a reason to share dirty business laundry with your customers like that, it's very unprofessional!
4	This place was pretty good, I liked the pizza and the desserts were great. I just wish there was more inside seating. It was very cold outside when my husband and I were there.
4	The sub was good. Not like new york good, but the best I've had in Phoenix so far. They are a good location if your looking for something good to eat, but not too expensive.
1	Pathetic business practice... I called to order pizzas for my business and I am located at the 51 and indian school... Since I am on the west side of the 51 she said nope we don't deliver lol really I am literally 50 feet from freeway on indian school but yet still a no.. to bad with the economy the way it is you think she would of said ya no prob and gained a new customer.. oh well there loss not mine..
1	If you're sitting around browsing yelp on your phone and think you're just going to give these guys a call to have them bring you a little something... DON'T DO IT!!!Stop right now and go to their actual website to get the real prices since they're almost twice what is list in the in the yelp app. Second, be aware that I ended up paying an additional 5 dollars on my order to use a credit card after they tacked on some fees for credit processing. If you were wondering, that practice used to be disallowed by the Credit card companies, but they recently changed policy.The lady rushed us through our order and didn't verify what we wanted. We ended up with a huge regular pizza at our door instead of the gluten free pizza we had wanted. She didn't give us our total over the phone and she failed to mention all the extra fees which added up to $ 7 after the deliver fee.  Fees were roughly 20% of our bill just to have some pizza delivered that wasn't even what we wanted and came out to twice the expected price of our total order.That's something that should have been communicated to me before there's a guy standing at my door wanting to get paid.If Mamma Mia wants to stay in business, they need to be much more honest in their business practices.
2	Lots of people ordering the two slice with salad and drink for $3.50.  I opted for a sandwich.  I tried the philly.  I am not a fan.  Meat was chewy and bread wasn't anything exciting.
5	This place is damn good. They used to have a pastrami sandwich that was to die for, but it is no longer available. Saddened I got a cheesesteak that was one of the best in memory. SOLID.I've never had the pizza so can't speak to that, but the sandwiches are proper.Note that there are very few places to sit. You order at the counter. No table service or anything.Enjoy.
2	Finally changing my review. From 4 stars to 2 stars. And I'd prefer 1.5 stars. Nevertheless, I must first tell you that their pizza is delicious.  And they have a low-carb pizza (under 10 carbs for a 12 inch pizza? awesome!).  DELICIOUS!  Seriously good pizza.   Why then only 2 stars?  Seriously terrible service.  Unfortunately, my love of their pizza is actually negated by the terrible, terrible lack of quality service.   And here's a little tidbit to set your expectations - the customer is NEVER right here.  Let me count the ways that frustrate me endlessly here.   1) Time - it took 1 hour and 45 minutes (and 2 phone calls in which I was "assured" it was already en route) to get pizza delivered last time.  The time before, it was 55 minutes. It's never been less than an hour and  I live less than 4 blocks from here. *sigh*  2) Prices and Billing - every time we have ordered from them, our bill has been messed up.  We've been overcharged on multiple occasions.  Also their prices on Yelp are totally incorrect, so be sure to check their website AND confirm prices with them directly before you place an order ($1.99 cannoli listed online is actually $3.99 or 4.99!?)  3) Fees, fees, fees!   They charge extra fees for using a credit and some additional taxes?  I don't even understand, but my receipt had about 3 or 4 extra "fees" billed.  WEIRD.  4) Messing up orders -  they have NEVER gotten my order correct in the half a dozen times I've ordered from them.  NEVER.  and when I ask or call about it, they tell me that I ordered wrong  (both over the phone and online).  Last time I ordered from here (11/13), one of the women who worked here made me read the email confirmation to her and argued with me that I ordered wrong.  I ordered a sausage & pepperoni pizza with tomatoes & peppers.  I got a pizza with half pepperoni, no sausage, and half had tomatoes & peppers.  Not quite there Mamma Mia. But they did charge me for the additional toppings, even though they didn't get it right!  As the staff member was telling me I didn't know how to use a computer or order properly, I pointed out that there was in fact, no sausage on my pizza at all, and that the order indeed said sausage, she still didn't apologize or just admit it was wrong! UGH!!  After waiting 1 hr and 45 min for the wrong order, I was ticked off. Not cool!  At least apologize for the wait and getting it wrong, a small discount off a future order would have been appropriate in this circumstance too.  5) Terrible customer service in general.  The woman I spoke with a few times always sounds annoyed when you call to place an order, and don't even think about asking a question b/c good luck with that.  After errors in billing, long delays in delivery, misinformation about delivery time (they said 30 min, it has never been under an hour), and messing up the actual orders they will never just apologize or say they got wrong.  Unbelievable!     The worst part - this could be 1) my favorite pizza place, especially since it's just around the corner from my house  and 2) probably one of the top pizza places in the entire Valley.... but just have ZERO expectations when it comes to service.   To successfully order from Mamma Mia's, here's what my boyfriend and I have decided (seriously, we do still like their pizza):   -order pizza at least 1.5 - 2 hours before you want it -order online and then call to review the confirmation by phone immediately after (also print and bring your confirmation with you)-order for pick-up only (NO DELIVERY!)-pay only in cash, never credit card --- and only pay after carefully reviewing your receipt -double-check your order while you are in the store to ensure it is correct If you follow Steps 1 - 5 correctly, then you will be rewarded the delicious, delicious prize of a wonderful PIZZA!!  and after all that work, you earned it!
3	Ordered the veggie pizza in person and cashed in on the free dessert (cheese cake for me!) from Yelp.  Price was as noted on the overhead menu but, then again, I didn't order over the phone or use delivery as others who have been charged fees have noted.  Also, no additional fee was charged for using a credit card.  Pizza was tasty, even after getting it home.  Have had slices for lunch there before and also been satisfied.  AND, they are Yankee fans!
3	It's really simple. Great pizza, terrible/rude service. If you care a lot about good service, don't go here. If you don't care, then go here. I order here every once-in-awhile just because the pizza is good, but delivery times are always about an hour, which is really long.
5	Have missed NJ/NY pizza since I moved out west 24years ago. I have struck gold with Mama Mia's and found my my fav pizza again!  Ahhhh! Love it!
5	simply put: if you are from NY/NJ, this is the place. go here. this pizza is by far the closest thing to what i grew up on back in jersey, and my family all agree. sadly the location closer to me has closed, but this one is still not far. pies, wings, subs, pasta, everything we have gotten here has been great.
3	I came here with a friend after doing a quick search on yelp for low-carb friendly options at restaurants. I was excited to try their version of low-carb pizza because it's often really hard to come up with different dishes besides a burger wrapped in lettuce when dining out. There is ample parking and five or six patio tables sitting out front. The place is super small inside (I can't remember if any tables are actually inside) and you walk up and order your pizza at the counter. I ordered the low-carb version and added my own toppings of chicken, tomato and black olives. My friend had the regular pizza deal with two slices and drink for around $4. Way cheap! Mine was closer to $10.When the pizza arrived the presentation wasn't the greatest since a bunch of paper plates were stapled together to hold the huge pizza but it did look good! My friends cheese pizza didn't look overly great but she said it was really good. My low carb dough really looked more like a big whole wheat tortilla. I was hoping for more of a super thin crust variety but this worked too and it was satisfying since it resembled regular food. The toppings were restaurant quality and was better than something I would make at home. All in all, I would come back here but I would make sure its warm outside and if I was still doing the low-carb diet. If I was looking for a pizza place with some more atmosphere and table service, I'd probably go somewhere else.
5	best pizza around- coming from a guy who grew up in NJ- i know what i'm talking about.
2	While the pizza here is amazing I must say that the telephone staff are some of the rudest ladies I've ever had the displeasure of ordering from.  Although my home is clearly with in the boundaries of their delivery scope - on several occasions I have been denied delivery to my home.   The telephone operator rudely told me "oh well we only deliver there if we're not busy" - they must be very very very busy at every possible day and night.  Since those experiences I have called to then make a pick up orders instead and the ladies are still rude, curt and obviously perturbed that I have disrupted their day.  I have attempted to order online to pick up instead of talking to these nasty people - unfortunately the online order doesn't allow cash as an option for payment - so I still had to call the store where I was spoken to in a manner that suggested I was an idiot.  I love Phoenix and local business - I am one myself - however Mama Mia's may not be a business I can support any longer.  :(
4	Good, consistent, New York style pizza. Good customer service.
1	I decided to try this place out because I was wanting some great New York style pizza. This one star is for their absolutely horrible customer service. I consider myself very patient when it comes to restaurants since I worked as a server forever and know how difficult some people can be but this was unacceptable. So bad in fact, that I had the delivery guy keep the pizza and just called to get a refund. I placed my order for delivery and I live in a new apartment complex that is gated. The delivery guy called me to ask my apartment number because I forgot to put it on the online order which was my fault and he seemed really annoyed. I apologized and gave him the apartment number and figured maybe he was just having rough day. He gets to the complex and  calls me again because he can't figure out how to get in. While I'm trying to explain he is proceeds to lecture me and treat me like a 5 year old child  as if it is my fault he cannot find the front entrance. He was so rude I told him to forget it and that I didn't want the pizza. When I called to get my refund the girl who answered was also rude she didn't so much as ask why I wanted a refund or what happened she took my name told me it was done and hung up. I will never even attempt to try this place again.
3	Ok, from the beginning. Parm sub was good. Jalapeno poppers were good. Cannoli looked good, except that when I picked it up... A good size black hair. I attempted to pluck it off and salvage the cannoli only to find that it literally went from end to end, and then double backed to complete the trip again, all while being actually baked into the pastry shell. So, I know this can happen, and am not going to be super harsh, but if I go back, I will be carefully inspecting my meal.
4	We ordered online and saved $5!  The meatball pizza and naked wings were good and was the perfect Friday night dinner on the patio.
2	We love mama mia's pizza. LOVE it. It's just unfortunate that they can't figure out whether they deliver to is. We have ordered at least six times (we've only been here for two months) and we either a) get a delicious pizza and antipasto salad in minimal time, b) get the pizza and get told we're lucky to get a pizza delivered. I literally asked him, "should I order from someone else?" Or c) take our chances by attempting to order, only to be told, "nope. Sorry. We don't deliver to your area."  So sad. I would love to stay local, but I am done "hoping" to get pizza.
5	Called for pickup.  Our order was hot and ready.  Pizza crust is awesome, wings are addictive!   Pizza+wing special is worth it!
4	This place is not a sit down place. It's a place where you get a slice or slices of pizza on a paper plate. Just FYI. I went to this place because they have a low-carb pizza, only 10 net grams of carbs they say. So I tried that it was pretty good, very thin but very good. Also the price is pretty good too.
3	Decent pizza. However quality has been inconsistent as of late. Crust is typically a bit over cooked, When ordering online I usually have to wait at least 10 minutes past stated pickup time. Twice, toppings that were paid for were left off pizza. Aside from those issue it's not bad.
3	used to be better.
5	This is the real deal and no wonder why they have won every award from every news organization.I normally like my pizza loaded with everything, probably because the pizza itself was lacking in flavor.Not here.Just the cheese pizza hits every taste bud I've got.  Great dough, perfect sauce and quality cheese cooked just right....MMMMMMMMM.  AND, a couple slices of this perfectly crafted pie for less than $4.I have a hard time passing this intersection without stopping.   Not a whole lot of seating, but who cares? I would happily sit on the 1,000 degree asphalt with mouth fulls of this pizza.A family favorite!!
1	Ignores phone calls to confirm order, took money and never delivered. NEVER ORDER ONLINE EVER. Placed order online, called to confirm or to check on order. NOTHING! So many good places in Arcadia, go to Rosati's or somewhere else. Forget this place.
3	I will never order from this place again!!!  I placed an online order at 3:50PM and received an email confirmation that it would be ready at 4:20PM.  I call at 4:50 to find out where my pizza is and am told by the guy who picks up that they never received my order and that there online order system is down and they have no cooks in the kitchen to make full pizza orders but they are still serving slices.  I ask him whether my card will be charged since the system is down.  He says no.  Immediately I check my account online and sure enough there is pending transaction for $23.69.  So I guess they're system wasn't down after all.  More likely they forgot to make my order and instead of simply apologizing and offering to make the order now, the guy lies to me and tells me their system is down and they don't have cooks in the kitchen but they're open for business and still serving slices of pizza, just not full pizza orders.  Which doesn't make any sense at all because either he's lying about not having any cooks in the kitchen or they're serving people frozen re-heated slices of pizza and calling it fresh.  Either way, thank goodness for bank charge backs.  I had the transaction reversed within minutes when I contacted my bank.  Mama Mia pizza has lost a customer for life.UPDATE:  The owner called me back to apologize almost an hour later and offered to make me my pizza.  I've revised my rating to 3 stars because they do have good pizza.  But don't ever order online.  This place can't handle online orders and this is not the first time I've had problems ordering online with them.  Personally, I don't think I'll be going back.
4	Best fast food style pizza in Phoenix, for sure! So tasty and good! Love the lunch special for 2 slices and a soda!
4	I took my son here for lunch, normally he likes to stick to the franchises of Pizza Hut or Papa John's but we op'd for something new today and we were VERY happy that we did.The prices were fair and the food was hot.We both enjoyed it very much. Took away a star because it was SO freakin' hot inside, guess you can't really expect it to be nice and cold in a pizzeria that's so small but still, would've made dining in a bit more enjoyable.
4	We ordered delivery:  4 stars because of the online ordering and the curdled cheese.  I don't mind calling it in, but if you offer online order it must be maintained, and what is with the curdled cheese?I ordered a 16" pizza with pepperoni. The crust is exactly the way I like it, and the pizza had "good bones", but I found the cheese to be slightly curdled.  That doesn't mean spoiled by any means, but it should be smoother and more creamy.  That, plus the fact that the online order would have charged me 3 extra dollars on order made it not 5-stars.  Be very careful if you order online, and if you pick up or eat-in, don't accept the curdled cheese.   Oh yea.. delivery was fast so that was a plus!
5	Awesome pizza, the price is right.
4	Mamma Mia sells pizza by the slice! The crust on a regular slice is thinner than a Long Island pizza, but still very, very delicious. This is a no non-sense walk in joint. Seating is offered inside, first come first serve. (I'd estimate six ppl tops). There is also seating outside. I'd recommend Mamma Mia to walk in ... pick up pizza ... scarf down immediately. (Or drive it home. I'm not always a heathen.)Pros:+ Daily specials are super affordable (2 cheese slices + medium soda = $3.50)+ Super fast delivery+ Order online & by textCons:- I was bummed to learn slices of white pizza are not available. (Order a pie!) - Delivery includes the misc. "fee" Phoenix loves to do.  I had started with a $7.99 lo-carb pie and added toppings to bump myself over the $10 mark. My $10 pizza totaled out at $18. (tax + fee + tip).Pro!+ They've since changed the minimum order from $10 to $5!I waited to write my review so I could "remember" what a regular slice tastes like. It's wonderful. Mamma Mia was one of the first pizzas I had in Phoenix. (My experience with delivery of a thin crust / low carb wasn't, unfortunately, optimal. I think it's just really hard to keep thin crust crispy once you pile on too many vegetables.)Regular pizza passes the fold test. Crunchy crust. Not too much grease. Perfect amount of cheese.I say do it!
4	Great pizza! Crispy, flakey crust with a robust tomato sauce I couldn't get enough of! I placed my order online and received it correctly upon pick up at the counter. I was introduced to Mamma Mia from a family friend and my tastebuds are grateful for the tip! I can't wait to try some of their pasta dishes!
1	Horrible service. I called 30 minutes prior to closing and they refused to deliver to me, 2.7 miles away from them.
5	I have found my favorite pizza joint! No more papa johns for me. Just a plain cheese was awesome!! I will try the other items on the menu next.
4	Pizza is really fabulous. Great brick oven taste, not rubbery at all. Cheese is fresh and typical of artisan style pizzas. But it is not $ it is $$$ !!! I can walk out of any brick oven pizzeria with two 18" for less than $30 back home, but I definitely got a sticker shock at $43 (incl. delivery fee) I mean the pizza is tasty but fifty bucks for two pies?!! Just make sure you bring enough dough for this slice.
4	After reading multiple positive reviews for this place on yelp, I decided to give it a try. I ordered a ten inch pepperoni pizza. The service was fast and friendly, the restaurant was clean, and the pizza was delicious. The only thing keeping me from rating them five stars, were the prices. If they were a couple bucks less, Mamma Mia would be perfect! I will definitely visit here again.
2	This was my go to spot, but customer service has gone down for me. The skinny With so many pizza places I would think one would try to stand out by focusing in on product and customer service. I recently called in an order and I just didn't feel that warm reception I was so used to maybe it's new staff maybe they are just tired either way I understand. While I don't expect to be treated like a king I also don't want to hear a sigh when I ask what the special of the day is. I ordered my pizza and wings for pick up and I head that way check in on yelp and find out they have a 2 liter special, though I didn't qualify for it as I didn't order a 16-18' pizza but I saved it for next time, although the low carb pizza does not come that big I will have to figure something else out. Wings are great not as saucy as I like them as I usually dip my pizza in the sauce. The pizza I ordered 12' veggie with cheese low carb option they are usually on point but for some reason it tasted very salty like they over seasoned the veggies not so enjoyable. The bad The area can get crowded and the parking lot attendant will give you a dirty look to make sure you aren't using the lot for the Vig parking.OverallI will be back if I have coupon but with the customer service here I don't think this will be my go to place anymore.
5	It doesn't get any better than this. It's like a piece of new York City here in the heart of arizona. Everything is made fresh.  Made to order so be patient if it's taking longer. It's worth the wait great s2 lice special and drink for 350. Toppings are extra
3	I have only stopped in for slices here, but they are usually quite good. I came by yesterday (9/13/14) and the place was closed. There was a man and a woman leaving and locking the door at about 11:30am. I asked her if the place was open today and she said 'no' with a real GFY attitude. The man said that they were closed just today, but no explanation anywhere. Are they closed for good??
4	I guess cheap prices in turn leads to cheap low class people. Come here to order and that's most likely what you'll find. If the pizza were not so damn good and the prices as well and me not being in the area I would roast the shit out of this place. But all I can say every time I'm here is that the pizza is to die for. The only thing you might run into is a  wait on your order so I would recommend ordering online to skip the line and the low class people hobos you'll run into while you wait for your pizza.
5	Just enjoyed another perfect delivery and dinner!The pizza is amazing!The pasta is amazing!We order from here maybe two to three times a month and it's always good and never disappointing.Food comes hot and the flavor omgosh I can't say enough.The prices are very fair and it's great that I always get some kind of discount when I order!Mmmm can't wait for next time!
1	The rating is for customer service. Their pies get a 3. I've been visiting Mamma Mia's on and off for the last 6+ years. And their service has never been this consistently horrible. Last pie (9/20) was partially burnt, however we didn't realize that until we got home. When I called I was told I could bring the pie back. The owner wants to see his mistakes. If I had been thinking it through, I could have had them deliver one and pick up the burnt one. What I did say was I wasn't going to make the drive again, can they give a credit. They said $10 off another future order.Back track - On 9/6, which was a Saturday, I ordered & paid for a pie online. When I went to pick it up, they were closed.  Liquor store next door was open.  And of course no one answered the phone. I disputed the charge with my bank and they asked if I had attempted to call. So I called again the following week (don't recall which day). The person who answered the phone said that the owner was suppose to have credited everyone and I should have received the credit. I hadn't. She also said there was a gas leak. That's a lie as the entire building and area would have been shut down. After some back and forth, I finally got the credit.Now tonight.  Call it insanity - decided to use the $10 credit. Called in and proceeded to go back and forth and put on hold for 15 minutes to be told that the credit had been used. I told them that hadn't been the case...another hold...death hold. Hung up. Keep the $10 - not worth the headache and honestly way too many other choices. I like to give my money to those that appreciate the business. Sayonara
4	Ok. had.another chicken parm two years later and the hero was still solid and the same price ($8.60). I'm over the fact that it is only Italian in name because the quality is solid. They had some huge hero called the "big Mama" that someone was eating. It had everything under the sun inside for 9 bucks. Looked crazy. The place is open until 10pm also which is a good thing for Phoenix.
5	Favorite local pizza place. White pizza is the best!!
1	I'm really confused by the whole ordering situation with this company. I wanted to place an order just now, Sunday at 1pm. My girlfriend calls 602-508-0444 twice, both times it just rings without pick up or voicemail. On the third attempt a voicemail prompts that if we would like to place an order, to do so either online or via email. Online they have a message alerting, "Online ordering will be back soon, please call to order." Our only option now is to email our order which right away does not give me confidence that it will be handled correctly if at all and my confidence was further diminished when I realize I'm emailing some @cox.net email. In my email I request a response for confirmation of receipt. After 20 minutes nothing. Just as I suspected. I can't understand how you can run a business like this. I took my business to Rosati's on Arcadia, a much more pleasant experience where someone actually answered the phone and took our order.PS: It's also a bit embarrassing for this company to have their first yelp pic be of a hair in their food. I'd blame their PR person for not addressing it but doubt this company is that dynamic given their basic website and professional cox email account.
1	Horrible customer service. I placed an order online for delivery and never received my food after an hour and a half. I called to check on the status and they clearly never set out to deliver it. The girl kept placing me on a hold and making excuses. They didn't even offer to make the order and bring it over. Lost a customer!
3	Oh no's!Mamma Mia has revised their delivery boundary. I live 0.7 mile away. No longer close enough to be considered for delivery.(according to their online system)If you're:East of 20th StWest of 64th StNorth of WashingtonorSouth of LincolnJust drive!Pretty good pizza. Offered by the slice!
4	Definitely NY style pizza.  This place comes the closest, then venezias.  Not sure why it's so hard to duplicate NY pizza but these guys surely achieved it.  Minus 1 star for the slowest service.
2	Always really liked their pizza, but too many bad customer service experiences with rude staff have led us to order elsewhere. Also the online ordering system has had serious issues as others have stated. This is Phoenix, there are too many other options.
5	You can't go wrong with this pizza place. Delicious pizza with just the right amount of crust thinness. The two slice and a soda deal is still the best I have found around town. While I usually stick to pizza, I have also tried the pasta and it did not disappoint. Overall great service and delicious food, what more could you ask for?
1	I tried to order online so I could get the $5 off an order of more than $20 only to discover that their online ordering was down.  Then I called and asked if they could honor the $5 off since their system was down and was informed by their disinterested employee taking my order that she would not be able to do that but could take off the delivery fee after she put me on hold.  I placed the order for $65 worth of pizza.  When we got the pizza it was cold. We live approximately 1/2 mile from Mamma Mia's so I'm not sure why the pizza was cold.   I called to complain and was informed by the same employee that the manager was gone and that he should be in tomorrow but she didn't know what time.  I have ordered from them before and never experienced such bad service maybe their management should be more involved.
2	Love the pizza hate the delivery. Let me start off by saying I love the pizza, its delicious, good quality, and is always my go to when I get a craving for a slice. But now here the rub, I have ordered from them three times in the past two months and every time I have had an issue. The first time they forgot my chicken wings. The second time they forgot my 2 liter of cola. Every time I called the pizza place, they would not take care of the issue right then, and asked if I could just get a credit for it next time I order. Now tonight the driver could not find my apartment. He called multiple times, for about twenty minutes until he found my complex and then took another 10 minutes trying to find my apartment. The pizza was delivered cold, cheese congealed, the ranch that came along with the order was warm. I will no longer order delivery from this place since they have consistently failed me time and time again. If your going to order, pick it up or eat there, BUT DO NOT ORDER FOR DELIVERY, YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED!!!!!
5	I have been enjoying this restaurant for eight years. I love it that their food gets right to the point of being delicious! This spot is a cute little quaint restaurant that generates outstanding Italian food. My favorite is the vodka penne with sausage.
1	Last night I ordered online and usually it goes well... This time the pizza never showed up and so we called no answer so my husband went down there to see what's the deal and it was closed it's always open during that time.  So today we went to go get our money they took out of our account and 2 other people were in there complaining of the same problem and the worker was very rude and starting arguments with people.  I will never again do business with them.  Very good pizza and wings but not worth the hassle.  I will go to another place from now on.
5	Since I gave only 4 stars on my first review, I decided to give it another shot, once for a slice, and tonight for delivery.  My 3 year old buddy was with me and he couldn't stop eating it.  Everything was delicious tonight.  I think it deserves 5-stars and I will order it again.
5	Best deal in phoenix with their 2 slices and a soda for 3.50 deal. Their sandwiches are also good. I have introduced this place to many colleagues and it does not disappoint.
1	really?
