2	Came here on vacation 2 weeks ago.Food is good (same as anywhere else), but this place lost major points for incorrect change and wrong charge!  1st my sister ordered a kids meal, the cashier charged it as a teryi bowl!  Yes, it makes a difference because she saves $0.75  and every penny counts, esp at the penny slots!  Then she gave me my change and it was wrong!  $0.25 cents off!!  Maybe she was having a bad day, I dont know, but when it comes to money and charges, she needs to concentrate and pay attention or else you'd get unhappy customers!
4	Food was Good, customer service is OK.. it's a nice break from the buffets on the strip, and a heck of a lot cheaper too!
3	I know it's panda and there's tons of them here, but seriously open 24 hours and it's near other eateries? Fantastic. It's constantly good food (notice I didn't say "chinese" food) that fills you when you're there. The reason for 3 stars is because:- Service was ok, you can tell the people behind the counter hate their jobs. - The Chow Mein was really cold..... thank buddha for white rice. - And they didn't have chopsticks, or they didn't understand me.....Anyhoo, midnight munchies; 2 blocks; 7 bucks; full tummy.Enjoy the strip.
2	Going to Vegas, the last place I would be expecting to dine at would be the Panda Express in some random shopping center off the strip. I hardly ever walk to anywhere, but since I had to walk this instance after doing a lot of drinking, I had to get a bite to eat at this Panda Express.You can walk to this Panda from MGM, and it would take you no more then 15 minutes. The things I would probably look out for on the way there are the porn handlers, and drunk dudes that like to get frisky. Once you get to this location, its almost impossible to find seating. Since there are multiple fast food joints at this food court, all of the tables are almost always taken. An Indian family was nice enough to let us take a corner of their table to dine. As far as service goes.. there is no service at this Panda. Imagine having to deal with strip traffic day and night. All of the people working there resort to being your high school lunch lady. Rice or Chow Mein? *slaps one scoop on your plate and keep on moving*They won't even let you pay ahead of someone that was dining in. I ordered my order to go and about 99% of the time at other Panda Expresses, they would let me pay right away. Nope, not at this one. They need to make sure you get the full high school cafeteria experience. Come here if you don't have a car, hurting for food..and this is a last resort. Otherwise there are plenty of better Pandas, or other options out there.
3	Where do we eat before we head out 4 hours on the I-15 back home?  The food court is close by so we decide it'll be quick and convenient.  It's open 24 hours but choices are limited.You can get pizza, Subway, Del Taco, hot dogs, or Panda Express.  The Panda Express on someone else's plate looked good so we went with that.Panda Express is like any other Panda Express establishment but this reminded me somewhat of a military boot camp cafeteria.  I asked for the half chow mein, half fried rice with black pepper chicken and the guy behind the counter repeated my order twice scooped it out fast, tossed it down and yelled "next!" He gave me steamed rice instead of fried rice and by the time I went to correct it he had an angry look on his face and was trying to move the line along so I decided to stay with my rice.They had a promo at this location.  If you got the monster drink, you also get these sugared wonton crisps.  We went for it but the drink was too much to handle considering I only drink enough to cover my meal.  The meal itself was ok.  I guess the black pepper chicken is considered healthy and listed on their "smart wok" menu.  Good to know if I'm craving Panda Express again but I'm usually not.
3	not different that anyother panda express you will visit. food is oily but tasty. As its located rite on the strip so its good for quick lunch when needed and if you want to spend 30$ for buffet :). enjoy the orange chicken...happy panda
2	As far as Panda Express' go, this one ranks near the bottom. As a plus, they're open 24 hours a day, so this is an ideal spot for a 3 a.m. meal when you're in a drunken stupor. The downside is that, unless you get REALLY lucky and walk up right as they're putting down some fresh food, chances are you'll wind up eating something that looks (and tastes) like it was made hours ago. Panda can be tasty quick Chinese food when it's fresh & hot, but after it's been sitting for a couple of hours it starts to practically decompose, leaving you with a plate full of nasty crap. I couldn't tell you a good time to stop in to this one, but at least it's located in a food court with a few other places that'll do if this isn't looking up to snuff.
3	This Panda Express is in the Showcase Mall Food Court. From several experiences here, I have left the food court hungry because the seats are filled. There are too many people verses too few seats. Plus the lines are frequently lengthy.  This Panda Express has the ambiance of the Showcase Food Court, which is a loud upstairs room. The food is the normal Panda Express.   Expect to pay higher prices. For example a two entree dinner with a large beverage is nearly $2 more than off Strip Panda Expresses. Regardless all restautants are expensive on the Strip.
4	I have to go 4 stars at panda because food is food and always fresh. Moreover the price is really good. Best bang for the bucks if you are tired of burgers
4	This location is the closest if you're staying at MGM and Excalibur. The employees are friendly and the food is good. The prices are a little high here, but then again, this is Vegas for you.Cheers!
4	Cheap Hot and Fast!!!If you are in a rush and need to have a quick fill up this is the place to be.Yummy chinese food in generous portions.Can't go wrong here. Free taste too.
4	Just your average panda express.The location is convenient. It has plenty of open tables since it shares the area with Subway and some other stores.Food is much cheaper if you just want some quick food and fast service. However, if you are really hungry, better go across the street and spend just about the same amount of money at Monte Carlo buffett for more food and variety.
2	It's Panda Express, so you pretty much know what to expect. Pretty decent, if a little greasy, food. However, this particular location is a bit unusual in that they don't give you free ice water like every other Panda does. Instead you're offered the chance to purchase overpriced bottled water.
3	You can definitely go to Vegas and not spend lot's of money on food. Ps.fs rxpress is located in a lull mall area on the strip. Surrounded by other small restaurants, this was a perfect meal. For$8 I got 3 sides to choose from.  I left full and with extra money to spend at the casinos.  I ordered the Orange chicken, although it was good, it was a bit dry. I did order at 830 so maybe it was the last batch they had.
1	To the lady that rang all of my party in this Chinese fast food establishment, please learn some manners. Seriously? Just trying to get some Chinese food here. I don't recall ordering a side of attitude.Oh, and the prices are jacked up by like $3-4. Yeah yeah, I know this is located on the Strip and all, but holy cow, is it even worth it?According to my drunchies, yes. Yes, it is.Otherwise, you should try going to a finer Chinese food spot in one of the casinos.
1	The location is upstairs in a tired looking food court. I eat Panda occasionally but not here! This is my second  time at this location and once again I chose a salad from Wendy's because the food here looks like it's been sitting out overnight, there was noone else in line so the turnover may be slow...try another location.
3	The food is too much average. I had kang pao chicken n noodles, chicken was not cooked properly n there was hardly any sauce mix which is best part of kang pao chicken. The place looks ugly, I better suggest to move around little bit n try other Panda Express which is close to planet hollywood.
