5	I only come here for "2 Tons of Fun" karaoke, and he is THE BEST. Amazing voice, hilarious jokes, great personality. Always makes everyone feel welcome, and join in the fun!Good drink prices for the ladies. Not bad beer pitcher prices for me.
5	Baily's gets five star for being what it is.  It is a dive bar and it is a good dive bar.  Its not trying to be anything other than that and it works.  I love a good dive bar.  Drinks are good prices, great people watching and they have greasy food.  Do they have the best decor? No.  Do they have the best tv's? No.  But is it a great dive bar?  Yes.  Just don't go in thinking you're going to a five star dining destination and just have fun.
3	Dive bar doesn't adequately describe this bar. It's more like the ugly step-sister of the dive bar. It's a dive-dive bar, actually.You walk in and, of course, the bar is huge and in the center of a very messy looking room. Pool tables and what passes for a juke box these days hangs on the wall. They have posters and televisions everywhere so don't you worry about visual stimulation, you'll OD on it here. The staff is super, super friendly. I really enjoy them. They are conversationalists and that's important. They also make really good mixed drinks.I would have given this place another star, but the bathrooms needed work and they are short on beer selection. Also, it's just a mess to look at.But, if you want to hang out with really friendly, down-to-earth people who make a good drink, stop by, it's worth it.
4	Found out about this place through boyfriends dad and I can say I Freakin Love It. Drinks are cheap and they serve food. Not crappy bar food either, good food that also doesn't cost an arm and a leg. They have karaoke too which makes for a fun night. Everyone there is like family it seems so expect to be treated that way if you come with a regular. Crowd is a bit on the older side though. Otherwise, it's still a nice place to get a drink without it being packed full of kids.
1	I will say this, I couldn't even bring myself to order the food here. I was turned off to even try, which I normally am not, but, through the course of the stop in, I simply couldn't. But, didn't stop me from trying (and needing) and bloody Mary.Explanation... it's a dive bar, that serves Thai and Italian. Now, I love me some Thai and I love me some Italian. However, the two combined from the same kitchen is a bit odd. The menu itself, was a nightmare to traverse. You had pad thai options with no meats listed, and no meat options listed anywhere. This is all at one price. Then you find a vegetarian area, with the same exact menu options for $2 more. The rest of the menu was so hard to navigate with blank pages mixed in, descriptions cut off, and some items having no descriptions at all. Not to mention a bartender - a worker for the establishment - having no idea what the menu options were either. So, needless to say, my cousin and I (a seasons Thai eater and enthusiast) not knowing the menu options and having nobody there to ask, meh, we'll pass.The bloodies... I got a normal bloody. No frills. Harsh, harsh, bitter, and salty taste. The best part was eating the green olives. Actually needed to order a water to help wash it down. My cousin got a bacon bloody. Which, sounded great... in theory. One strip of extra crunchy, stiff, bacon in the bloody. No bacon bits mixed in, no bacon bits mixed with the salt on the rim, no actual extra bacon other than them making a standard and throwing a strip of bacon in it.Grossly disappointed and glad we didn't give them too much of our time or money. Trust me, if you're in this area, there are TONS of other options. If it wasn't for them being a Vikings bar and me wanting to see how bad the Pats were pistol whipping the VIkings, I wouldn't have dropped in.
