5	This place is AWESOME!While in LV had my car window smashed in and my GPS stolen.Hotel security recommended Safelite AutoGlass.  Called them at 11:30 am and asked about their Mobile service, but they couldn't come to the hotel until 5:00 pm.  Asked if I could drive the car over and get an earlier appointment. They gave me a 1:00 pm appointment!They quoted me a price over the phone which was very reasonable.They are located in North LV and since I didn't have my GPS anymore, I used my iPhone to navigate my way over.Got there a little early and parked in the back of the warehouse building.  A service technician came out a few minutes later and asked if he could be of help.  From that point on, the service was super.Directed to the front office where they have a nice clean waiting room and very friendly receptionist.  Waiting room has TV, magazines, newspapers, etc..  They also have very clean restrooms!I was in and out of there in only 30 minutes!  They vacuum all the broken glass fragments, clean all the windows, and even give you a free can of glass cleaner!!   They also offered free drinks (non-alcoholic) too!  Amazing place. I was extremely impressed with their service!!  Rick Daniel was the service technician who serviced the car, and he is the type of guy you like to have as your next door neighbor and best friend.  He is really super!!!Highly, highly, recommended!!
5	A Small rock caused a lot of trouble for me.. Called around and what do you know.. Safelite has the BEST price of several of its competitors And for only $20 they come to your house.. Score!!Young man comes over 45 mins later window looks like new.. I couldnt be happier, it was a team effort to say the least, everyone was friend from the phone service professional who made sure I ordered the right window to the repair man. I highly recommend them to anyone with window issues.
5	Was visiting my brother and was originally supposed to have the one in San Diego do it but called the insurance company and they found one local. Received email of name of installer. Received a pre-call when he was on his way. And turned it over to the installer once he arrived. Replaced windshield in 2007 Sonata. After having one chipped repaired for about 65 dollars it just didn't seem smart to have another chip repaired especially since it was on the drivers side. So for less than 275.00 it was done. Back in 1990 in Philadelphia, city of brotherly love when one brother needed my dirty laundry that was on the back seat it cost me 125.00 to replace a side window. He even re-installed my permament shade device and scraped the base sticker off and saved it for me. I gave him a decent tip because of the awesome service! Let them come to you! Save your gas! Mobile is the way to go for real.
4	I went to my car and the was a HUGE crack and Safelite got me in that day. I decided to take it in, and then proceeded to get lost and arrived 30min late. They were super nice and totally understanding. They got my car done in less than they told me. It took 1hr, they said 1.5hrs at first. Plus they cleaned all the windows and vacuumed my car. They did an awesome job :)
5	1st road trip in the new Honda Pilot and we sucked in a rock - nice little chip right in the middle of windshield.  Working in the auto insurance business, I know Safelite is just about the only glass company the insurance companies recommend.   I've used them many times personally over the years and recommend them to my customers.  I scheduled an appointment online yesterday, technician (Ryan Rude) arrived exactly on-time and was extremely friendly.  He let me watch the process (I'm a nerd) and explained what was happening.  The chip almost completely disappeared - no one but me would be able to tell where the rock hit.  Best of all - no cost to me!
5	This place is awesome! I have Liberty Mutual Insurance, and they referred me to Safelite to get my windshield chip repaired. They accept both walk-ins and appointments. I actually scheduled my appointment through Liberty. I was literally in and out within 15 minutes. Afterwards, the technician took me out to show me the repair, vacuumed the inside of my car and gave me free glass cleaner. Absolutely no complaints. Highly recommended!
5	Outstanding experience with this company.  They came to our house on time, replaced my windshield efficiently.  The repairman Tom, was very nice.  One lesson we learned, 'after the fact' ... when you first get that little crack, don't ignore it.  Get yourself to one of their locations and it can be easily fixed for a fraction of what a new windshield will cost.  Because in our Desert heat that little crack will quickly become a much bigger one.  Oh, and All their work is guaranteed.
5	So after the disappointment that was my rear windshield completely spider-webbing on my way to work on Friday night, I was able to get into Safelight Saturday morning to get my windshield fixed. Rick is the guy that took care of me, and he was awesome. He made me feel like I was in good hands, and was very attentive- he even recommended a breakfast spot down the street (Farmer Boys) and called me 25 minutes after they were done to let me know I was ready to go (it's recommended that you don't drive the vehicle for 30 minutes after installation) so I wouldn't have to wait!Rick took what would have been an even more miserable situation into a good experience. I never thought I would have such a great experience out of such a big inconvenience (and expensive too). The Safelight website was upfront with all the extra parts needed to install the windshield (molding, etc.) where other places were not. Thanks Rick, breakfast was as good as you said it was!
4	This review is slightly overdue. I went here a few weeks ago when it was raining to get my windshield replaced. They said it was going to take an hour and a half. It took about 20 minutes longer and when my car came out the windshield was leaking (not a little but the whole seam above the passenger side was dripping). I informed the lady that it was leaking and the tech took my car back. I was extremely upset because this meant I was going to be sitting there for another hour and a half waiting for them to fix the problem. Instead of waiting I had my husband pick me up and let them know I would come back at the end of the day to get my car.When I returned my car was ready this time without leaks. Plus they gave me new windshield wipers and didn't charge me for the windshield. Although it was  a hassle at first I am very pleased with the overall outcome. They made a mistake but they made it more than right. Even with the issues I would still recommend them.
5	Great Service and Awesome Work!  I had to replace a client's rear windshield and they quoted me a very fair price, the personnel was very nice and it was done the same day I called on a timely fashion!  I will bring all our cars here!  Thank you!
5	Safelite Auto Glass is the best service when it comes to repairing or replacing a windshield. Fast, courteous service coupled with expert technicians makes the whole process a pleasure. Well run company that train their people well.
5	I had a rock go through my windshield and was told it couldn't be repaired that it needed to be replaced. Safelite had the best deal on the glass. Customer service was great. The tech Chris came to my house arrived on time. He was a very polite guy and knowledgable. 30mins later he was done. It looked amazing. I was very impressed with his work. Plus the tech had an amazing outgoing personality. I would def ref anyone with glass repairs to him.
5	Very professional... 1st class service! The technician who came to our house on a half days notice was absolutely fantastic. I'd like to tell you his name, just to be sure you can enjoy the same level of service but I could tell from him that the entire company is super sharp!We had glass coverage on our Farmers Insurance so the fix was also a great deal.If you live in the desert southwest... Get glass coverage and always ask for Safelite!
5	Great service. Our window cracked. Called it in. Made appointment for the next morning. The guy arrived on time and was done in an hour! Easy!
5	After having my car window shattered, my insurance set me up with Safelite for the repair.  I got an appointment for the very next day and that morning I received an email with my technician's picture and name.  Chris was on time and very professional.  He installed my new window within the hour and I didn't even have to move my car out of the garage!  He also vacuumed all the broken glass that remained in my car from the break in which was very appreciated!
5	I originally had a small windshield glass repair done at the Henderson location, and unfortunately the same spot got hit again by a huge rock coming out from under a truck and eventually it started to spread. I called the same location and told them I needed mobile service this time to replace the windshield and the location on Cheyenne was closer to my office, so I set up my appointment. The tech Chris D. came on time and fully prepared. Very personable and went over the install with me prior to installation. Within the hour it was completed and it was much better than the original factory install. It was seamless! The molding work was excellent too!!He gave me complete instructions as to the care for the next 24 hours as well.  I really appreciated the fact that they deducted the original repair price I had done from the new install price, and they make sure they clean and vacuum prior to leaving. Since I didn't have insurance for repair, the price was excellent and I highly recommend Safelite to anyone!!! ....and Thanks, Chris D, 1827-091 you are an excellent tech!!
5	Long story short, a stupid rock hit my windshield and the crack was longer than 6 inches, which means that it needed replacement. After filing my claim with the insurance, they transferred me to a Safelite agent. She said the quickest a technician could come to my place was the next day but I opted to just go to their office since I would be on that side of town. We walked in 10 minutes late for my appointment and they were stil nice about it. The technician did his initial inspection and offered us a drink while we waited. 90 minutes went by quick with the help of Dr. Phil on the tv and the big pile of magazines sitting on the table. The price they gave me was $210, which was a lot cheaper than what my insurance initially quoted. That made me really happy. My windshield is sparkly and new. They wiped down the rest of my windows, vacuumed my dirty car and gave me a bottle of glass cleaner. I had an awesome experience, but hopefully I never have to see this place ever again.
5	Great service! Ryan was awesome!The windshield in my Jeep was hit by a rock and my insurance set me up with Safelite.  They sent me an email with all the service information and then called to let me know they were on their way!  Came to my work, fixed my windshield and boom, done! Couldn't have had a better experience.  Thanks Ryan!
1	My passenger side window was broken so I called safe light, and a technician came to my home to replace the glass. He was having trouble with the install, and in the process completely burnt out the window motor. When i asked the technician what he was going to do about it he said he can sell me a motor for about $400. I called the corporate office in Arizona and they did nothing.  This company doesn't stand by their product, and they do not have a shred of integrity.  I will never use Safe lite again.  I am not sure how they expect to get repeat business!
