4	Another Marriott-tastic property, this Courtyard was a perfect base while I scouted the local area for my new living arrangements. A nice large room with a view of the courtyard and pool meant that it was extremely quiet. I was a little apprehensive with a room right near the elevator, but that fear was misplaced. It was very quiet.Comfortable bed and a large workdesk. Plenty of room to spread out my map and laptops and pile the suitcases into the closet. The TV was good, even if I never watched anything.Prices are okay, perhaps a little high. But this is Southpark and that's the way things are here. Security seemed good - the parking lot was well lit and you couldn't access any of the alternative doors without a room key.Unlike some other Courtyard properties, there was no mini-fridge and no microwave. Internet is not free unless you have Gold/Platinum status with the Marriott Rewards program.
4	Good location for a business traveler. There are plenty of restaurant options nearby, and downtown isn't too far. The only thing is the traffic around this area gets a little clogged around rush hour, but I guess that's to be expected.The mall is nearby, too, if you need some shopping. Room was good--standard Courtyard. Not as many HD television channels as I would have hoped in 2014. Wireless internet was not terrible.
3	Recently my kids and I stayed in this hotel for one night.  When we first got to the room it was a bit small but we weren't in it that much.  I rated this place a three star because the breakfast was only okay with the service being good.
4	Nice hotel for business travel. Close to shopping, restaurants, and any other necessities. Rush hour traffic is a bear here so if you have a meeting make sure you give yourself some extra time. Staff is very nice. If you're exhausted and don't feel like going out they have a mini bistro you can order from as well as beer and wine. Decent size gym. Free weights, 3 treadmills, bike, and stairmaster. Cute outside seating area if you want some fresh air. Would stay here again.
4	Stayed here one night in December 2014. Hotel and room were clean. The area appears safe and the hotel is close to restaurants and shopping in the area. The only negative was traffic being a bit heavy (it was a Saturday evening though). I will most likely stay at this hotel for future Charlotte visits as this was a good stay.
