5	Wes did my installation in Scottsdale and it is AWESOME!!!!  I paid $261.00 for standard installation.  Wes handled everything cleanly and efficiently and the quality of the channels is BEAUTIFUL.  I get all the channels I love, Me TV, This TV, PBS I, II, III & IV, ION and more with NO MONTHLY FEES!!  Wes works very fast and he gave me extra coax cable just in case.  The little holes that were necessary are VERY SMALL.  Perfect for apartments living, they can be patched over quickly and easily.  Do not be cable or satellite's slave, anymore!!!  Get an antennae!!!!
5	Came out today and hooked up entire home with OTA antenna. Very friendly and knowledgable. Great service, highly recommend!!  Over 70 local channels, plenty to choose from.
5	I was very pleased. I was apprehensive at first to cut out cable but am so glad I did. "Mr antenna" came out and quickly installed the antenna and hooked up my tv's.  Fantastic picture quality. ..and no more sky high cable bills anymore. The installation was quick and professional. I would recommend Mr antenna to anybody.  Now I get free tv, (augmented with netflix for about 8 bucks), and I couldn't be happier. Thank you Sabrina!
5	Sabrina came out to New RIver to fine tune my rooftop antenna. She was very professional and helpful, and managed to find some more stations with an amplifier to augment my antenna setup. I couldn't be happier with my free tv signal now - no more satellite bills! I highly recommend Mr Antenna and Sabrina!
5	Sabrina/Mr. Antenna came out and her and her husband Alexander did a fantastic job. I was reluctant to get rid of Cox but the OTA channels were actually more than I was getting with Cox. Of course I lost some channels but it turns out I never watched most of them anyway. The antenna works great with my two Tivos and the quality of the OTA channels is BETTER - no pixelation like with cable.  Wish I had cut the cord sooner.
5	We had Mr. Antenna out to evaluate our situation and then upgrade our current antenna which wasn't receiving all channels.  I was very happy with every aspect of the service.  We now have great reception and enjoyed working with Mr. Antenna.
5	I had an existing antenna and just needed one of my tv's hooked up with new coax cable. Sabrina did a fantastic job! I don't know the name of the other person with her but they both were extremely professional and efficient. I was very pleased with their services and pricing. I would recommend Mr. Antenna, they did an awesome job!
