3	Got a flyer in the mail for this place, and heard about it from a friend, too.  It just opened a month ago, so I thought I'd give it a try with their coupon.  Normal haircut is usually $17, MVP haircut (more on this later) is $22.  My coupon was $12 for an MVP cut, so definitely a price break from the $39 I pay at American Male across the street.No appointments was a like and a dislike.  Liked being spontaneous and going in when I had time, but didn't like waiting.  Lots of sports on TV, which is their thing but isn't mine.  Definitely not as fancy as American Male or other salons, but good for the price.MVP haircut included a hot towel, massaging chair and scalp massage.  It was all OK, but nothing amazing.  It made me miss the treatment I'm used to across the street.Sheesh, I think American Male has ruined me for every other hair salon.  I'll probably end up spending the extra bucks.  But if you want to save money, Sport Clips is perfectly acceptable.  Think of it as a bit higher end Supercuts without quite going to salon prices.
4	This is more of a 3.5 star rating but I'll boost it to 4 since I'm in a good mood.Despite popular belief(probably due to the 5 year old photo), I actually do cut my hair occasionally (whenever I don't buzzcut it).  The problem with me is that I am picky when it comes to finding a good hair salon since I visit them so infrequently.  I always irk at the thought of going to the same ole Supercuts on rainbow near Cheyanne and having to wait 20-40 minutes every single time I go there (twice in over a year) so I took it upon myself to shell out about $20 for a haircut and figured Sports Clips was decent enough, especially since if I was to wait 20 minutes before I could get my hair cut, I might as well be watching sports as opposed to pretending to be busy texting on my cell phone in public if I were at some other hair salon.Either way I arrive at Sport Clips with a 3-5 minute wait as the hairdresser was finishing up a patient and I was soon getting my hair worked on.  Normally my hair when grown is a warzone and extremely uneven, I told the hairdresser to trim up the sides and back with a blend on the top.  She did a pretty good job.And as a bonus for going their for the first time, they gave me the MVP treatment for free.  It's certainly nothing like a VIP treatment at some other establishments out in Las Vegas, but I really do appreciate the hot towel over the head, nice neck rub/massage/shampoo (normally $5 extra).When it was all said and done I was pretty much looked the the aspiring wannabe hipster I set out to be.  Overall, I had a decent experience, mid-day Saturday visit with no wait, paid about $20 for a pretty good haircut, no complaints, decently solid in my opinion.
2	I walked in and no one was there;  rather, she was off outside and came in angry.  It was a Saturday, so there was plenty of college games on;  the only good thing in a sea of bad times.My stylist just sort of glared at me when I said I needed a quarter-inch trim, then proceeded to work in silence while I watched a Florida game.  Which was good.  I then ended up looking like a balding six-year-old.  Not good.  I paid my $17 (she sold the MVP in the way a person would try to advertise cholera,  I avoided it) and got out.  At least my hair's regrowing...
5	This is my first time to this Sport Clips, and let me tell you for a $22 it is top notch, $22 gets you a cut, shampoo and condition, steam towel for your face and a light neck massage, it was my first time so for the basic haircut i originally wanted, i got the M.V.P. which is what its called for free. And also it is more guy oriented with a big tv in the waiting area and tv in the cutting room as well.
2	It was a late Saturday there were two stylists on duty. Nobody at the front desk and I walked in and sat down. One yelled out to me to sign in and have a seat. The guy in the chair was getting a VIP so I imagine they couldnt stop to assist a new customer. After 25 mins (they must of been a really special VIP) I was seated told them what I wanted. They said they understood and started quickly. Im no stylist but it felt like they were hurrying. My hair looked like it as well. When she finally stopped. I said thank you but could we actually try this again and slow down the scissors as they arent evenly trimming the hair. She changed scissors and took some more off at a good slow pace and my hair turned out fairly good. I know we are out west and our sporting options are limited in the evening but every TV had NASCAR. If they had sprung for a sports package I was listening to Baseball on my phone in the Lobby and would have prefered to watch that than the roundie rounders. I like this franchise in Omaha but not a good overall experience here in Vegas.
4	why can't we have one in hawaii??? its a steal!
4	after experiencing rude girl across the street at American Male...the cheerful Barbara did a great job on my hair.. using multiple guards and she might have even used scissors...lol,,,yay...im a fan...
