4	Some friends of mine have this thing called Fat Fridays!  It's the beginning of a debauched weekend when the diets, workouts, no drinking stops on a dime and are thrown out onto the curb!So we went to Red Lobster for Fat Friday!  I haven't been to a Red Lobster in like years, so I was kinda tentative about eating here, but the company I knew would be fun so why not!  Yup, indeed, the company was fun.As far as the food goes...the menu has changed a lot and for the better!  It still has signature Red Lobster fare like all the fried sea food you can think of, served with potatoes cooked in any way imaginable.  But they also had sensible dinners pared with nutritious sides!  I was amazed.  This made for a long time deciding what to get, but I was hungry and had the focus of a lioness on a hunt!I dictated to the table that we have the lobster pizza for starters!  no one complained out loud but I feel the daggers come out of your eyes! hahahaI ordered a special dinner called the Hawaiian Isles...four coconut shrimps, salmon with a pineapple teriyaki type sauce, comes with salad, rice, and fries!  Yeah...it's Fat Friday! I also had a Mango Mai Tai that was dangerously delicious! It was gone in a sec...almost got brain freeze.  Our server was the most gracious and attentive server I have had in a chain restaurant, she was wonderful!My rec...try out Red Lobster again, the food has improved, just be prepared for the lackluster crowd.
4	We generally sit at the bar for lunch or dinner. Bartender Nate always gives great service! Love the lobsterita it comes with a side car, yummy! Who doesn't like the chedder bay biscuits!!! Great place near the mall!
4	oh, endless shrimp, how i love you!! the in-laws, my husband and i hit up red lobster after checking into the hyatt place in mesa. jenna, our server was very nice. she brought out all of our drinks and provided refills (very important) throughout our meal. i really liked the parmesan shrimp, linguini, scampi and grilled garlic shrimp. mmmmmmm i ate way too much.wish we had a red lobster on kauai!!
4	I came here early sunday, 11:15. The place was almost empty, I got a table right away. I had a Boston tea(like a Arnold Palmer but with cranberry), it was pretty good. Service was prompt and attentive yet not overbearing and annoying. I ordered the crab steamer pot, crab, shrimp, corn cob, potatoes, and scallops. The crab was crisp shelled, sweet and tender. The shrimp was yummy and cleaned well. The sauce that it all came in(butter and white wine) was rich and delicious. The scallops were well done and not gritty. The potatoes were quartered and had a great crispy crust that absorbed the sauce well. My only complaint wad that the corn was a bit over done for my taste, but I like mine very crunchy. The cheddar bay biscuits were great and bottomless to boot. When I left the place was packed! Get here early! My check was 24$ and I left happy, full, and satisfied. If yer not a seafood snob and you realize that yer in the middle of the desert, try this place for a reasonable priced and above average seafood meal.
2	I'm going to have to say no.  The waitress was great, too bad the food wasn't.  I ordered the lobster, shrimp and crab legs, potato and rice.  I was hungry :-)  The restaurant was about 3/4 full and it only took a few minutes to get food.  When it did come it was cold, yuck and everything was drenched in butter and salt.  My tongue still hurts due to the volume of salt.  The lobster tail was as rubbery as a burned steak. I probably shouldn't have eaten it.  I remember Red Lobster used to be good for sea food.  This is no longer the case.
1	Very disappointing.  Had to go to Phx for a training and arrived later than expected last night and HUNGRY.  Our hotel was super close to RL and we were excited to get dinner.  I'm not sure if the fact that we arrived at 8pm explains how lacking the food was... or if I'm just trying to find an excuse for RL and how bad the food was.  L and I have been fans of Red Lobster for years.  We don't often get there but when we do, we are all set with our regular order of the popcorn shrimp.  Our server was very quick to get the food out,  which seems like a good thing but was also ready for us to leave ASAP.  I'm a bit confused by this because the restaurant is open until 10 and we left by 9:15.  Back to the food. Generally, I love those warm biscuits that are absolutely terrible for you. Last night, I only had one because it was neither  warm or tasty.  The salad was meh.  The popcorn shrimp was on the cold side and the fries were not terrible but were very salty.  The salty fries may have been my favorite thing and that is just plain sad.  Decided to go all out and have a specialty drink, which was really nothing special.  i ordered the Malibu Hurricane and it sure wasn't anything to excitedly Yelp about!  Red Lobster does an excellent job of tempting you with yummy looking commercials and endless shrimp for $15.99 but the reality doesn't come close to expectations.
4	Shrimp and Lobster Mac N Cheese is bomb !!
4	Consistently a good experience.  Not a fancy place by any means but a great neighborhood restaurant with friendly staff and good food.
4	Endless shrimp is freaking bomb. Adam (server) was fun
2	What's the big deal about this place?  No matter what I order I'm always disappointed, and the prices are outrageous.  Really,  there are better seafood places around.  The Japanese stakehouse right down the road (other side of the 60) has great mahi and salmon!  The casinos all have crab leg and shrimp buffets!  Why waste good money on bad food?
3	I found the food good but the prices for what you get was higher than i expected.Service was great...
3	great for a quick seafood fix
5	We are here at least once a week! Good food, good service, and nice relaxing atmosphere,!
5	Was a very nice evening dining experience. I got the large feast and was absolutely satisfied. Just wish the lobster would have been bigger (I love lobster). Service was right on everything from the drinks to keeping up with items needed for our table.
3	Standard Red Lobster fare. We dined in and had a good experience. The restaurant was a little dead, but the service was great and the staff was very friendly. I'll definitely do lunch here sometime.
1	I love Red Lobster's endless shrimp and delicious biscuits however, I'm sitting here writing this review at my table because I've been here for an hour and a half so far and have yet to get my food! Drink refills are impossible to obtain because our server can't figure it out. In fact, he disappears for 20 minutes at a time without resurfacing from behind the kitchen doors. I couldn't even leave if I wanted to because I can't get my check! I'll update my review with food reviews if our food ever arrives...
1	This place is a disaster!  The restaurant was dirty, they ran out of lobster, the manager was a total jerk...  I can't think of a single good thing to say about this place.
4	Nice location, wasn't busy when me and my daughters got there.... We love the cheddar biscuits and I love the Bahama mama drink! The hubby isn't a fan so he didn't eat but, he's driving so I get to drink lol. Waitress was pleasant always checking on us, the kids enjoyed looking at the fresh lobster. Didn't wait too long for the food, and when we left we were very satisfied! Will come back to this location! Parking was easy too, and it's right Across the street from the mall for walking off your meal!:-)
5	I had the opportunity to try out the Red Lobster Lobsterfest the other night, my server was Jeanne! And she is amazing! Loved her and the great service she provided!Started the night out with lobster, crab & seafood stuffed mushrooms, Lobster pizza and Sweet Chili Shrimp, now everything tasted great but I have to say my favorite of those where the Sweet Chili Shrimp, holy cow those are great! Stop ordering the coconut shrimp (don't worry I love those too) and get these Sweet Chili Shrimp.For the entrees, get ready for this, we tried: Lobster In Paradise, Ultimate Surf & Turf, Dueling Lobster Tails, Lobster Lovers Dream, Seaport Lobster & Shrimp, Bar Harbor Lobster Bake   Everything was amazing!   Lobster in Paradise is split Maine Lobster tail fried in coconut batter, spicy grilled shrimp & lobster & shrimp bake topped with toasted crushed macadamia nutsUltimate Surf & Turf  is a Maine lobster tail stuffed a crab stuffing & baked with a peppercorn grilled sirloin topped with Maine lobster meat in a citrus hollandaise sauce comes with mashed potatoes roasted tomatoes & green beansDueling Lobster Tails are 2 Maine lobster tails, one topped with tender shrimp in a creamy garlic sauce and one stuffed with crab & seafood stuffing and comes with mashed potatoes, roasted tomatoes and green beans.Lobster Lovers Dream is Rock Lobster tail & a split Maine Lobster tail, roasted with lobster & shrimp linguini alfredoSeaport Lobster & Shrimp is wood grilled split Maine Lobster Tail, shrimp scampi, and skewered garlic grilled shrimp on a bed of wild rice pilafBar Harbor Lobster Bake is split Maine lobster tail, shrimp, scallops, mussels & linguini in a garlic & white wine brothWhile all these dishes are amazing, and every dish had something unique that set them aside from the other dish, my personal favorites where the skewered garlic shrimp, the Maine lobster tail, didn't matter if it was stuffed, baked, sauced, grilled it was DELISH! I also learned that I prefer the Maine Lobster over the Rock Lobster (Rock rock Rock Lobster Down down! B52's Rock Lobster)  I had lobster for days, and I still am craving the sweet Maine lobster & sweet chili shrimp!  And if you love the coconut shrimp you should for sure try the Lobster in Paradise, omg the lobster in the coconut batter was amazing!! To end the meal I tried the Red Velvet Cake in a Jar that was the perfect ending to a delicious feast! Also was able to meet the Manager Carrie and many other staff members including the chefs! It was a wonderful night and had fun trying so many dishes! I cannot wait to go back!
5	Best experience I've had a RL in a longtime. Service was on point and our meals we satisfying and tasty. For the first time in a LONG time I have no complaints from big RED. good work guys, I'll give ya another try sometime. Cheers to lobsterfest and knowing the difference between Maine and Rock lobster, really a step up in my experience.
4	i am a new england fish raise bostonian.... we went to rl ror our anniversary dinner tonight, it was great and the service was excellent!!!mesa az, waitress was heather!!! she made our night special! great service!
4	Tonight, hubby and I celebrated our cotton year (second) anniversary at Red Lobster. And this was my third time going to any Red Lobster. Anyway, we had been craving seafood and decided to make it happen today. We told the server, Kayla, it was our special day and she seemed genuinely interested.  I mean she asked if we were celebrating anything special? So, I'm thinking "free dessert" or something-- oh no, just the words happy anniversary written on our overpriced check!  The place was nearly empty when we walked in at 4 PM but our server was apologetic every time she came back to our table because she was always gone too long.  Other than that, the food and drinks sure did make our bellies smile.Snow grabs: $18.99Dual Lobster Tails: $28.99Sangria "Juice": ?Bahama Mama: ?Lesson on eating out on our big day: Pricey;-)
2	I tried to place a to go order tonight at 7:30pm.  A female answered and placed me on hold for more than 5 minutes.  Needless to say, I went hungry after hanging up, giving up.
5	This is a beautiful restaurant! It has beautiful high ceilings and is very well kept. Went there for dinner with my boyfriend and the food was delicious! Our waiter was very polite and attentive. We will definitely be back!
3	The food was excellent.   The service was very good as well.   The only reason I gave them 3 or of 5 stars is because of the wait for a table.   The restaurant was only half full and we waited for over an hour to be seated.   There is no excuse for this.
5	I went to this location on my birthday with my honey. I really love the food and drinks, it was delicious lobster. I really enjoy my day there.
2	I'm going with 2 stars because I like the biscuit.  And the service was good.  But I feel like I just ate a 20 dollar plate of McDonald's. Meaning how many chemicals did I consume over the course of the meal.  It could be my nutty mind but that's how I felt.  And I don't remember reading or seeing Ads claiming the food is healthy or all natural.
1	decided to go to dinner for my 21st birthday. worst experience ever. we brought in a table of 14. spent over $300 and they wouldn't serve me one drink. obviously if you turn 21 on a saturday you can't go to the freaking dmv.  thanks for ruining my birthday red lbster with your stupid policy. every where else has at least a 10 day grace period to update your id. manager didn't offer any compensation for our  inconvenience. overall food and server was satisfactory.
2	Horrible! We moved here from San Diego and red lobster was one of our weekly restaurants, so you could imagine  how disappointed we were to have such a bad experience here at this local red lobster. I guess that's what we get for going to a seafood restaurant in the middle of the desert.our waitress was great.very nice and attentive.the food was terrible. we ordered an appetizer and a salad which came out at the same time.which would not have been so bad except the entrees came out two bites into the salads.so need less to say we had to choose whether we ignore our appetizer or our dinner.our appetizer went cold.i would have spoken up, but the manager walked past our table 7 times ignoring us every pass.but yet he spent the entire dinner 4 tables down talking to some guests that I could only assume we're his friends. all this could be ignored if the food itself wasn't so bad.i will not be returning to this restaurant and I will make sure to advise any of my friends, family or customers to steer clear of this place as well.
4	Of Course, Endless shrimp.  Doesn't get any better!  Try them all!!  Come early, there will be at least a 20 minute wait.
1	Horrible services! I will never go to this Red Lobster again. I well drive the extra miles to get better services  Very very disappointed :( we always leave a tip for our waitress or waiter no matter if it was bad services but this time there was no chance she was getting even a penny. Just horrible
5	I have never been disappointed at a Red Lobster! The food is great and the service is exceptional. This visit was no different.  Peggy was awesome. Space was clean and comfortable. Nice night.
