2	As far as Tim Horton's is concerned, this branch is decent.  It opened August or September of 2011 so it's fairly new and the facilities reflect that.  Like all Tim Horton's the coffee is nothing to rave about and the donuts are edible.Two things make this Tim Horton's a bit special.  First there are coffee shops and plentiful seating in the general area so seating in the actual Tim Horton's can be regularly found and waiting lines aren't atrocious.  Secondly, a loony product manager went wild during the creation of this branch and now there's a Cold Stone Creamery ice cream shop chillaxing inside next to the coffee counter as well.This corporate pairing is a little surprising.  Cold Stone Creamery is a higher end brand while Tim Horton's just isn't.  As a guy with a sweet tooth I can appreciate the pairing.  Coffee, donuts and ice cream all in one location seems like a waist line stretching combination.
4	Tim Hortons in Montreal is kind of like the Dunkin Donuts in Boston, they are quite literally at every corner of the street. They sell quite an variety of pastries, chocolate bread, muffins, and donuts. The sizes here are usually half of what you would find in a DD, quite fresh and perfect for a snack. Both cold and hot drinks are available from latte to hot chocolate, from smoothies to ice coffee. Although equally as popular as DD in the US, it has less of a fast food type of feel to it, quite cozy and warm.
5	For me, Timmies is a childhood memory. It kept me up in college, fed me on my commute to high school and embodies hockey and Canada. These are some of the reasons that make Tim Horton's and a visit home perfect!
5	Honey Crullers are just superb!
2	This is the Tim Hortons that served me watered down hot chocolate. This morning I ordered a turkey egg white breakfast sandwich and for the third consecutive time I didn't get what I ordered. Regular eggs instead of egg whites and English muffin in stead of the bread I ordered. Seriously guy if I'm paying extra for my order than all other sandwiches it would nice if you could actually give me what I ordered. Going to go out of my way to get breakfast somewhere else from now on.
4	For a quick and affordable coffee fix (and delicious muffins also!) Read more on: http://theforbiddenmeal.com/2014/11/25/red-velvet-at-tim-hortons-what-a-surprise/
