2	According to the phone book there are currently 6 locations of this local chain.  This location started life as a Taco Bell and has been several Mexican fast food places since then.  The building has seen a lot of wear. They have quite a wide menu including mini soft tacos for $.99.  I got my usual test platter of a shredded beef taco and a cheese enchilada ($6.50) and a medium Horchata ($2.00).  The taco was both greasy and tasty, the two seem to go hand in hand.  The cheese enchilada came on a corn tortilla and was light on the cheese.  I didn't care for their choice of enchilada sauce.  The beans and rice were ok, the rice had mixed vegetables in it.  The overall serving size was quite ample.  The Horchata was one of the better ones I have had.Serving the eat in orders on real plates is a nice touch.  But it leads to a problem as their is no way to clear your own table after the first two customers have and the place was not bussed while I was there so by the time I left 1/2 the inside tables were full of dirty dishes.  The woman handling the front counter was mistake prone, she asked me what I wanted in my burrito as if I had ordered a #6 instead of a #4 and my order came to $9.19 and she gave me back $10.19 instead of $10.81 from my $20.  Not a big deal and I did not discover it until I reconciled my cash at the end of the day.Some where along the line they added a covered patio in front and judging by the fact the inside was full at lunch with a couple of us customers on the patio it is a good thing they did.  Many of the customers were take out so it is a popular spot.  I did not see take out menus nor do they appear to have a website so you have to go there and look at the menu board.  Because they have all the normal stuff it would be real easy to send one person with a list who could convert the combination's to numbers. They have a salsa bar and chips available.The food is overall equal in quality and value to several other places.  I would probably choose to get that same level at a place that was kept up a bit better.  Judging by the number of customers there I may be in the minority.
4	I agree a lot with the other poster on cleanliness, so to go is the way to do it here. They deserve 4 stars for there carne asada chimi changa, I was not even a fan and was lost to order one day so I decided to give it a try. They have mastered it! I am hooked for life and get one every 2-3 weeks. The shreded beef hard tacos are good, the carne asada burros are my wifes favorite around town from there. They have great food, just need to clean up a little more, and perfect there orders, yes sometimes they do make mistakes but I will let it slide because of there awesome chimi's
3	This place is super cheap and pretty tasty. I like that you can get their tacos with the authentic toppings (onions and cilantro). We had their chicken, pork, carne asada, and al pastor. I think they gave us two pork tacos and forgot the al pastor. It was tasty. We got it to go, so no chips which is kind of a bummer. Food is a little bit spicy. I still like it when I have a craving to go to a taqueria
4	A close contender for my favorite Mexican food.It's not the most flavorful I've had, but it makes up for that in freshness. Besides, who needs their freshly grilled asada loaded up with salt? Get the California burrito and their cantaloupe agua fresca...you won't regret it.If you're feeling brave, get one of those awesome looking seafood dishes on the menu. It almost seems to be their specialty. Come here on Friday/Saturday when the lobby is open 24 hours, and if weather permits, enjoy your time on the comfy patio adjacent to busy 59th avenue traffic. Sounds tacky, but you'll like it.I think I'll be grabbing a midnight snack.
5	We love this place, this place is not like a Filibertos. Mostly all of their food is made from scratch. This place is family owned so they go the extra mile to insure your satisfied. We love the flavor of the carne asada, you won't go wrong with the asada tacos.
4	Fresh food and good quality meat I don't really like Mexican food places rather have it home made I only get carne asada tortas
1	I've enjoyed eating at many La Salsita's across the Valley, but this location was a new one for me. I ordered the Carne Asada plate, which looked great when it was presented, but after a couple quick bites of the meat before I got to whipping up some flour tacos, I could taste that the meat was bad. The pieces I tried were cooked but everyone knows the strange taste of out dated meat. It has a funk to it. I automatically lost my appetite. I explained very nicely to the person that took my order that something wasn't right with the meat. She went and told the cook who scoffed in Spanish at my suggestion. She came back and said I could get something else. I was already 8 minutes into my 30 minute lunch and had no desire to tempt fate. The total price was $8.38 for the plate. So I told the girl just refund $6 back to my card and we'll call it good. After 5 more minutes had passed, a different lady came forward and completed a full refund for me, which I thanked her for. She spoke very good English, but never once apologized one bit for what had transpired. It left me with a bad taste in my mouth to say the least! I mean, I know I wasn't dining at Ruth's Chris, but the slightest bit of Courtesy in the customer satisfaction dept. sure could've gone a long way. Also, the giant sign at the front door saying that the restrooms were out of order could've have been a little less blunt as your walking in getting ready to eat... I'm sure I just caught them on a off day with their meat, but when a problem arises with the food, they need to step it up and show the slightest bit of remorse. Just a simple we're sorry, and I would be writing a different review!
