4	I have been looking so forward to the opening of this Sharp Edge location ever since I walked down Penn a few months ago and saw the sign that it was coming soon.  Finally, a place downtown for happy hour that is a little more relaxed and not focused on cocktails or wine! I LOVE beer, and I love the Friendship location so I went to lunch on the first day that it opened, sadly sans beer since it was a workday.   It took me forever to decide, because everything sounded so great - and I ordered a hamburger which is odd because I really don't eat red meat!  I was swayed by the bleu cheese that came on it! As with any new restaurant opening - there were most likely kinks to be worked out and it took us about 40 minutes to get our food.  The burgers were delicious though!  My friend got the BBQ burger and that will most likely be my next venture - or one of their pizzas!  Or mussels!  This will be a frequent spot in town for me and I cannot wait to update when I have a chance this Friday to try their extensive beer collection.
2	Tremendous selection of beer on tap, especially for a visiting Belgian-lover.  Very nice ambiance.  Unfortunately terrible service.  We arrived on a Sunday at 7:30pm.  There was one server, no maitre'd, and two bartenders.  We were told a 15-20 minute wait.  We sat at the bar.  Initial bar service was good and prompt, but the bartenders vanished, apparently to take up server slack.  40 minutes later we were finally served another beer, after numerous attempts to get the barkeep's attention.  At the same time, the group who arrived after us was seated first.  At this point we decided to just give up waiting on a table and eat at the bar.  As we attempted to try and catch the bartender's attention again, we watched as he forgot about a waffle and burned it to carbon, which made us dubious.  After another 15 minutes of the bartender vanishing (and presumably another burned waffle), we decided to give up.  Total wait, including initial sign-in, and then waiting for the check was over an hour.Great selection and ambiance, but terrible service.
5	It's not the one on friendship but it's just as good. Great for happy hour. Problem is you might get too drunk too fast!! Great service and the food is fattening and yummy!!!
4	Great beer selection, good food and good service. Will go back for sure!
3	I was VERY reluctant to check out any of the Sharp Edge locations for one simple reason: Their gawdawful, amateurish, Comic Sans/clip art logo. As a designer, it irritates my gag reflex to see such horrendous "designs" in public. But I took some Pepto and managed to get myself inside. For such a Crayola-ish logo, the place is pretty darn classy. It has a really nice atmosphere, and for a downtown joint it was pretty hoppin on Friday night. The design of their menu unfortunately matched the lack of sophistication in the logo. I counted four fonts (PAPYRUS?!, Comic Sans, Optimum, AND Century Gothic. Really?) on the menu, and a whole lot of awful clip art. Maybe I'm being too critical here, but I think your branding is supposed to set the scene for your restaurant, and this stuff really doesn't do them justice.I ordered the Bites and Frites, boneless wings and fries. The chicken was good quality and juicy, but the seasoning (I chose Hot Garlic) was underwhelming and dryish. You also can't split your order into two flavors which is disappointing...I wanted to try the honey bbq too! The fries are tasty, but somehow the dipping sauce they serve with it tastes like absolutely nothing, so I got a side of regular ol' ketchup too. Pretty much everything I ate needed a good layer of salt. The Mr. though said his burger (build your own from a large selection of toppings) was really really good, so I'll try that next time. We did not partake in any beer, but they  have a huge list, albeit a bit on the pricey side  Service was friendly, not very fast but it was busy so I'll let them slide.They have some really interesting items on the menu so I'm eager to check it out again. All I ask is that they please, for the love of design, hire a professional graphic artist to REBRAND THEM!
4	During a weekend in Pittsburgh we found this restaurant on yelp. It had a great ambiance so we decided to head inside. They have a ton of beers on tap and you can do a sampler of 4. We had the server choose for us and she picked some great ones.  Our favorite was Corsendonk Brown.For food we had buffalo bites, Mediterranean nachos, and artichoke hearts stuffed with crab. The food was so good that we headed back two nights later!A must for any visitor to downtown Pittsburgh!
2	Good, but too expensive....Visited The Sharp Edge Bistro on a Thursday night. The place has a warm and inviting  bistro feel, although a bit sparse as you move away for the bar area. They have a great selections of beers in bottle and on tap.  Much to our dismay, the menu selection of beers wasn't what was available on tap - rather disappointing when you are trying to make a meal choice. Service on our night was terribly slow, there was plenty of staff  available who only seemed interested in socializing and milling about in a large brood at the back of the Bistro. At a place that specializes in beer, waiting 15 minutes for a drink is ridiculous. One of the many idle server could have easily said, "Hey, would you like another?" - but they didn't. Lame.The "Blue cheese flatiron steak frite" was very good, and the "Sharp Burger" was as well. The desserts we sampled - a waffle with raspberry sauce and an the "butter pecan napoleon" were excellent..... But here's the rub - Value.Shoddy service aside, $11 beers and $12 hamburgers are a joke.  I love Belgian ales and understand they are not cheap, BUT the food and drink are overpriced.  2 Burgers/ 4 beers w/ 2 desserts are going to set you back close to $90.00 w/ tip!!  The food and drink are good, but at that price there are LOT's of other dinning options other than a burger and a beer.Solid 3 star place with 2 star value.
3	This place has decent food at decent prices along with an impressive selection of beer, especially Belgian.
4	Yeah, yeah, yeah!  I know--the irony of a non-drinker going to a beer emporium for lunch.  Hey, I may not imbibe but that doesn't mean I don't like the occasional repast of good pub chow.  I went with my coworker Maria and to be fair, there are strict rules against alcohol consumption during business hours.But o-my the food here is good, if a little expensive!  Maria and I began by splitting an order of wild mushrooms & leek tarts.  Picture a baked pastry filled with beer braised leeks, chives and shallots!  Mmmm, baked pastry. Pump that insulin, Susan!  Pump!  I was considering the Flemish Onion soup when suddenly the Belgian Burger caught my eye.   Oh baby, that burger was to die for!  Ground lamb & beef with shallots & bacon, topped with melted smoked gouda!  So I guess my burger was gouda 'nuff!
1	Been a while since we posted. Haven't been too many places recently.I was headed to a local lunch spot downtown earlier than usual due to a 12:30 meeting (12:30? seriously?) and this was the first place we found that was serving lunch to the 1st lunch period crowd (remember those poor kids in elementary school that pulled the short straw and ate lunch at 11 AM - that was us that day).Now I am not a drinker.  My dog imbibes more than I do, so the beer list was kind of lost on me (besides, I always think it is bad mojo to go into a meeting after lunch and wreak of anything, especially alcohol).My CW and I were the first to be seated - maybe that was our mistake.  She ordered the quiche of the day and I ordered a sirloin burger w/ sweet potato fries.Her salad was okay.  Nice greens although not much else going on in it.From there, it went straight downhill.  When CW's quiche arrived, it was lovely to look at - leeks and andouille sausage - and cold.  Not warm, not cooler than you would prefer. It was flipping cold.  So she explained that to the waiter who took it back.  Then she waited and waited and waited.  Expecting it to be nuked, this was taking quite a while.When he brought the plate out, it was a new piece of quiche - he explained that when they tried to heat up the original piece, it crumbled so they made a new quiche.  As a former waitstaff (waitress but trying to be PC here), I would have stayed around and made sure that this piece was more to her liking. But he bolted. And - you guessed - this piece was equally as bad.Now I know - you are going to say she was picky.  But I actually touched the quiche to allay my fears and it was flipping cold.  My guess? The quiches were either chilled or frozen and they didn't know how to reheat them.  She ended up with a 1/2 of a chicken salad panini with dried cherries although I will be darned if there were any dried cherries in it.  So CW is going vote this bistro off the island.My lunch?  I ordered the Brew-a-Burger Sirloin rare.  When it came, I don't think it was much warmer than CW's quiche - yes, I order it rare and expect the inside to be warm but I also expect the outside to be hot which it wasn't.  The cheese sat on the top and never softened, let alone melted.  I also expect a rare burger to be flavorful without the addition of much else - and it wasn't.  About 1/2 way through, I almost wondered if they had given me a ground chicken burger in error.  At that point, I figured it was not worth pursuing. Should they have given CW a free lunch?  Or a GC for a free lunch upon a return visit?  Doesn't matter what they should have done as they did nothing - the bill arrived and was paid as expected.All in all, it was not a great food experience.  I don't think we will be returning for lunch anytime soon. Was it a bad day for the kitchen?  Did we arrive before they were really ready to serve lunch?  Not sure but, either way, when you spend $25 plus tip for lunch, I think there are better places to drop it.  Pity the kitchen staff cannot live up to the restaurant's name.
4	I like this location is much better than the Friendship one for many different reasons.  Same beers, but totally different vibe!  The Beer Emporium is more of a bar kinda bar.  Bar food, bar atmosphere.  This Bistro location has a better variety and I think better tasting food.  Plus the atmosphere is a lot more inviting.  Couches in the front to relax at, nice sized bar and clean restaurant area.  Hence the Bistro title!I love their Dried Cherry Almond Chicken Salad Platter and Grilled Portobello Panini.  Of course for the tasty and indulgy choice I go for the buffalo bites aka wings.  The menu here has much more to offer than the Emporium does!I always love a good deal for Happy Hour, so thank gawd they have half off Belgian Beers.  If you love to indulge in the beers but think, like me, that they're too gosh darn expensive regularly, you can take advantage of the half off!  It may mean that framboise you lust after could be yours for $5!
4	Great selection of imported and domestic beers. Excellent food and friendly service. A highly recommended Cultural District bistro.
4	It is a great place to go for a happy hour (half price is affordable).  Great Belgian beer selection.  The food is good, but I highly recommend the bar.Their fee for the private room is a little unreasonable.
4	It was the night of appetizers, instead of grabbing one app and dinner, we decided to focus on Apps. Crab stuffed artichoke hearts, buffalo bites- garlic hot. Pomme frites. These turned out to be awesome choices! To top it off we had a beer sampler of 4 to help wash down the delicious appys. We were only in Pitt for  a couple of days, but we liked it so much we ended going back the next night. Great ambiance, great service and a good place to unwind and have some delicious food.
4	Bier, beer og cerveza! This must be one of the best pubs caring microbrews in Pittsburgh.  Their selection and happy hour deals are great.  Keep up the great work, Scott & Co!
4	One of my favorite places to find new beers right downtown and have been a somewhat regular since it opened last year for lunch and dinner.I've been to many of the other locations, but the downtown pub has the best food.The bartenders there also kickass and are very helpful and their suggestions of what one may / may not like are almost always correct.
4	This is a great down town lunch spot. Solid menu of sandwiches, salads, pizzas, etc.  We eat here - easily once a week.  The spinach salad with salmon is my choice - always.  But there is a ton of variety.Buffalo Bites are a great lunch - or appetizer at happy hour.Mediterranean nachos are unique and good!Soups and other salads are all great.  (Except the french onion...for some reason they are adverse to getting it crusty and bubbly...beg and plead and show them the picture on the front of their menu and they'll get it right)This is also a favorite happy hour spot.  It's layout isn't the best for a crowd - as it gets pretty packed on a Friday.  But if you're good with that - the beer selection and appetizers are all good!
3	Had dinner there with some girlfriends tonight and figured I'd yelp while it's fresh.....We started with the pretzel knots....the came out looking like rolls with salt affixed by water(kinda like the microwave pretzels you made as a kid). Not good...Beers were good. I had the portabella panini which wad good, although the panini bread was really Texas toast without the crust, just sayin..I was pleasantly surprised by the bathrooms. I expected old school subway tile but saw faux slate... Kinda offsets the 80s leather furniture in the lounge area?
5	A terrific place solely for the beer selection and surprisingly for the food... try the boneless wings as well as the pretzel rolls. Did I mention beer selection is great as well. A must try when in Pgh
4	The Sharp Edge brews a Belgian beer called "Over the Edge", which is one of my favorite all-time favorite beers.  It has the right amount of hop, flavor, and alcohol content to keep me satisfied.  They have beer samplers which are a good way to try all the drafts.Aside from the beer, the food is quite good.  I usually go for the portobello panini, which isn't your typical overcooked, overcheesed sandwich.  It's light with fresh spinach and grilled mushrooms.  I love sitting in the bar area.  They have several tvs and plenty of seating (at the bar and at tables).If you're downtown try the bistro, if you're in the East End try the emporium!
3	When it comes to relationships everyone who knows the benefits of finding the right person knows what it's like to be with the wrong person.What I am referring to is the dreaded Ex.Assuming they weren't flat out crazy or the epitome of the word scumbag you can bet your britches there were days even you yourself wondered if they ever had any potential despite the flaws. Possible great things about your dreaded Ex:You have fun, Oh you do and more. When you are with them you can be sure to have a great night.They are appealing, the people they surround themselves with seem interesting, one could even say, inspiring.Lastly the big fish is this one. They are convenient, very much so. It's Friday, all of your friends are busy and you are bored out of your mind...and I mean when was it ever a bad idea to snag a quick glance into Pandora's box?...So here you are. It's Friday still. No plans but you oh so wish you had some. This is where Sharp Edge comes in. You will have fun, Hell maybe even a great time. The people there are interesting. The beer selection is from all over the world to keep you interested maybe even...inspired. All your other plans fell through so Sharp Edge seem like a great fallback, one could even say...convenient. Like all Ex's you will feel one thing though. You will feel like this potentially great bar...isn't your bar. It isn't the bar you want to keep going back to. It wasn't your Bar from the start and it won't be yours when you leave. Am I saying show Sharp Edge your sharp edge by cutting it out an as option? Not exactly but what I am saying is, this is one of the bars that will never give you your Cheers atmosphere that you deserve despite you not realizing it.You can do better.
4	Incredible beer selection (I'd give it a 5*), but the food is consistently so-so (I'd give it a 3*).  The waitstaff is very friendly and attentive, but the bar area can get overwhelmed when the place is crowded.  They have a restaurant option for the family and a cool DIY dessert for the kids.
4	I had never heard of the Sharp Edge until this past week. We stopped in to grab drinks with our friends who were in from out of town. The atmosphere was very nice - not crowded or loud. There's a sweet wall of beer as you walk into the restaurant that summarizes their options. Our first waitress left after taking our order and another waitress took over for our table. I imagine it was the end of her shift, although we didn't get much of an explanation. I thought it was a little odd, but I understand everyone's shift ends sometime. They have a large selection of beers and the ones I had were excellent. We weren't able to have any food but I'd be more than willing to go back and give them a try.
4	I had an opportunitiy to come downtown to visit a buddy.    The bar was quiet for a Thursday Happy Hour.    My beer was good just like the Sharp Edge in Sewickley.I am hoping that if go to all the establishments they will make me the chain's honorary mascot.Go for the beer, try the food.Atmosphere - always good but tonight very quietPrices - $$$ but go for happy hour 4:30 - 6:30 - all Belgians half off (means a $9 / 9% beer is now $4.50 :-))Service - Very good - not as friendly as my other pub but no dings here.
3	Great beer selection, average food. I went to Sharp Edge Bistro during happy hour and took advantage of the beer special. Half off all Belgian beers, and their are plenty since it is a Belgian bar! They also had plenty of other styles of beer including a $350 bottle. Needless to say I did not get the expensive bottle. For dinner I had Poblano Corn fritters for the appetizer and a lamb burger for dinner. The app was disappointing. The flavor was not bad but I had to search for the corn. They were mainly dough and had very little kick from the poblanos. The after taste was a little odd, almost flowery. The burger was pretty good and juicy. I would recommend asking for extra sauce/mustard since with the toppings and bread you lose the flavor of the sauce which by itself was delicious. Overall, I would go back just for the beers. The food was nothing special but a nice way to absorb extra beer!
3	Nice Belgian draft selection and decent food after a long travel day.
3	I've been to this Sharp Edge quite a few times.  I would have liked to give them more stars and was oh so close in doing so, but then I remembered a handful of times when friends and I went and they were out of "fill in the blank of desired beer".  I mean I can understand how this happens, but it seems to consistently happen at this location.  I typically order a Wittikerke and so far they've never been out of this one.  It's a wheat beer that I find perfect for the hot summers and cold winters.  As for food, I've had their mussels, buffalo bites, and their pizzas.  I've enjoyed each of those but I think if I had to choose a "winner" it would be their pizzas.  Their Jerk Grilled Chicken pizza is covered with toppings and I always have left overs.  This is very convenient for those working downtown and looking to grab a beer for happy hour.  I feel that it gets fairly crowded on Friday evenings, but most other nights that I've gone there's never been a big crowd.
4	I never did get to try that Ostrich Burger :(. O well.So this is the place my friend and I always eat at while waiting for connecting rides at the nearby MegaBus route. Thank god it is so close, because Pittsburgh is a ghost town and there pretty much is no where else aside from fast food to eat. Their fries, sweet potato, or regular, are awesome. Get extras if you can!The burgers, sandwiches, etc all do the trick. I get some turkey sandwich with an excellent honey mustard sauce and sliced apples on it. Never though to put straight up apple on my meat, but it is something different and really tasty.Friendly staff, usually adorning accents and food wisdom. Ask them for help. They also always let us loiter in their seating area for hours after, utilizing the free wi-fi.Thank you Sharp Edge for making lay-over so smooth!
4	Fun atmosphere and great food. This block of Penn Avenue is really coming alive!  I've only been here during the lunch hour so I haven't gotten to try any of the large selection of beers and other libations.  I will be back some evening soon.
4	Great bar/bistro in the downtown area.We were recommended this place by our shuttle driver at the Doubletree and it did not disappoint.  The place has a huge selection of beers which suits me just fine.  The bartenders were great, allowing tastes of different tap beers and recommending some great choices.  We didn't eat (unfortunately), but everything looked and smelled great.Looking around they also throw some cool beer tasting/pairing events.
2	We were there around 10:30 on a Friday night, looking for some post-concert dinner. The bar part looked more hopping. The dining part was decidedly not. The food was at least cheap, thanks to their half price munchies menu after 10pm.  I tried the individual pizza. The cheese was rubbery, the toppings scant, and the crust resembled more of a quesadilla than a pizza. The sweet potato fries was the highlight of my meal.
4	It was either Mike Ditka or Wilson Phillips who said "You won't see me cry"* I mention that because I almost broke down in tears when I saw a couple order TWO ROUNDS OF BUD LIGHT at Sharp Edge Bistro.  That's seriously criminal....that place has some of the best beers in the world and they choose Bud Light.  I would have been bawling like a baby had they ordered an IC Light Mango!Anyway, went here after running the half marathon to reward myself with good beer and good food.  Had the house triple IPA and a Corsendonk.  Both great!  For the meal I had the Belgian burger and frites.  The Belgian burger is awesome.  It's lamb and beef and it was perfect. Great food.Ryan was the only bartender working and he was doing the job of two people because the place was packed.  The bar, the tables... all full.  Don't know if they have a bar manager but you need more than one bartender when you have 25,000 downtown for the marathon plus another 743 there for the Pirates game.   But he did a phenomenal job of keeping all the patrons in beer and food.Definitely a great place.  I highly recommend if you're a Belgian fan.And back to the abomination I saw with the Bud Lights, I only have this to say...I'm gonna pull myself togetherAnd find a way to fight itEven if I have to hide itYou won't see me cry....  da Bears.  Must have been Mike Ditka that said that._____________________________________________*Here are the lovely ladies of WP- http://youtu.be/ZRCeQahzdzE
5	In town for lax nec playoffs. Stopped in for lunch.  Beer beer beer, you need to stop here! The belgian burger us fantastic.  The mystery beer fun!  A must stop for burger an beer.
1	Looks appealing on the outside... and happy hours are quite crowded here.  However, after the rudeness of a bartender with tattoos, plugs in his ears, and who is balding, I won't be back.  OK, OK, I mean I know the Sixers/Celtics game was on... and maybe he wanted to be in character for the game, but did he really have to act like he was from Philly while he was serving us?  Jeez!  Anyway, we sat down ordered our beers.  My friend got his change thrown at him at the bar and the bartender seemed to be annoyed that we happened to be ordering beer... at a bar...  I asked him if they served fries (as I thought I had had them there before).  He promptly replied yes, and walked away.  What a jerk.  Nonetheless, beer selection is great here, and that's the only reason this place has one star.  Definitely plenty of other decent bars in Downtown to patronize.  Do not go here.
4	Great Belgium beer selection and enjoyable food. Our wait staff did a good job of pointing us in the direction of beers we'd enjoy.
3	While in Pittsburgh waiting for a Megabus on a Saturday, I found this little restaurant around 8 PM when NOTHING else in the area seemed to be open (Did I mention this was Saturday, at 8 PM, WTF?!) Anyways, they have an alright menu, delish sweet potato fries and the salad I got was pretty darn good and fresh as well. Some of the beer prices were questionable though I stuck with soda for this trip. The person I was with also liked their food, they got a soup, sandwich and salad and had no complaints. This is just an average place, I mean the beer selection is great, it's got plenty of TV's... the service is not the best, and they seem unenthused to say the least. I doubt I will be back here...or in Pittsburgh but it's an alright choice if you are looking for some quick bar food, beer, and to watch a game it seems with low expectations of service.
3	Tons of beer options and great tvs for watching sports. They even have gluten free beer options.  I like the black leather couches up front, comfy! They do offer seating outside too!
5	Wandered in here during a weekend conference. Now I'm thinking that TW value and selection this place offers will cancel out another trip from NYC. Go here. Get a beer and order food. Then get the mystery beer. Enjoy it and get another, cuz it's only 4 bucks. This place may be the only non-conference spot I see, and I'm ok with that.
4	Boar burger. Boar burger. Boar burger. Boar burger. Boar burger. Boar burger. Boar burger. Boar burger. Boar burger. Boar burger.  Seriously. Get the boar burger. That's what I'm trying to say here.It's one of the most amazing things I've EVER had, hands down and without question. I would there just FOR that item. We stopped here while at a convention in Pittsburgh, and... wow. Let's just say it's amazing. The aioli sauces that come with pomme frittes (appetizer version) are all amazing. Three different dipping sauces... all majestic.Of note: this place is good for goups of /up/ to four people only. If you need seating for a larger party call ahead and make reserverations, otherwise you will probably end up sitting at different tables.
2	I'm sure that if you like beer and you come for the beer, this place is going to be great for you. If you are coming for food, and especially if you are vegetarian, this place is to be avoided. It's just incredibly overpriced for the quality of food.Husband had the mystery beer, which he thought was meh. We started with the crab stuffed artichokes, which were legitimately tasty. Then, a salad and salmon burger to share. The salad was really one of the sadder things we have ever seen. Lots of lettuce, little to no toppings, and the grilled portobello mushroom was small and shriveled, rather than plump and juicy. The salmon burger was fine, but nothing to write home about. At the end of the day, the tab came to a little over $50, which just seems ridiculous, given the quantity and quality of food. We won't be going back.
5	This is my favorite Sharp Edge of them all. Get anything to drink and feel free to ask the barista if you have an idea of what you like... then order the Buffalo Blue bites and just enjoy them so much. If you need more food, start with Onion Soup. :)
3	Their beer selection was super, but pricey!  I got a Yuengling and it cost $4.75.  Hmm?  The service was pretty good and the food was alright, it just seemed a little overpriced.
4	i've been to the sharp edge in friendship, but this is the first time i've been to the one downtown. it's pretty cool. i like the space much more, but everything else is about the same. i haven't eaten at this one (although the food in friendship is amazing, so i'd venture to guess this one is too considering the menu is the same) but i explored the draft list a bit more and was not disappointed.
4	Great selection of craft and import beers, especially Belgian. Features many Belgian dishes as well, along with specialty burgers (lamb, buffalo, boar, ostrich, etc). Great appetizers. Downside is that everything's on the pricey side.
4	Holy Moley, long time in the making.  Living out in Robinson my bus route used to take me by the Sharp Edge in Crafton/Thornburg on a daily basis.  A lot of my friends described it as a 4+ star establishment that leaned to the pricier side and served excellent food.  So needless to say I have been intrigued for quite a while, just had no opportunity to give it a try.Skip to the future and I found myself eating lunch at their Penn Avenue location.  This newer establishment is well placed on the upper end of the Cultural District and from my initial impression seems like a hoppin' (pun!) place.  You know you're in food a good beer based on the displays and the atmosphere and no sooner the smells surround you that you know you're also in for some good eating.I went with a burger and I was SUPERBLY impressed.  The ingredients were all fresh and crisp.  No seriously, the lettuce was crunchy (in a good way) while the tomatoes were plump and just outstanding.  They did over-do the burger patty every so slightly, but the flavors were not compromised.  Our party selected both regular and sweet potato fries.  The sweet potato fries could have been better, I wasn't a fan of the overcooked trend.  But their regular ones were done perfectly.Since it was a work related lunch, no one imbibed.  So next time I look forward to trying out their selection of brews and maybe that blackedned chicken sandwich that looks uber appetizing on the menu.
3	I love all of the sharp edges, but this is by far the best. They have a ton of good beer.  I would give it a 5, but the beer prices are too high.  Get one of the burgers, they kick ass.
5	I blame this place on getting me hooked on Belgian beers, and starting me down a long dangerous path to a more empty wallet.I live nowhere nearby here, if you haven't noticed.  That being said, about once a year I make a pilgrimage to Pittsburgh, just for this place alone.  I could write pages upon pages about how amazing I find this restaurant, but I'll try to summarize it real quick:The food is fantastic, and I've never had a bad meal here.  Depending on what's in season, they typically have some sort of "wild game" burger available.  The last time I went, they had a Boar Burger, which was one of the most delicious things I've ever tasted.  The venison burger? Fantastic.  Close your eyes and point to something on the menu? I can guarantee it'll be great.  The beer is top-notch.  An immense bottle collection, and about 40 taps means there's a never ending supply of something to quench your thirst.  Don't know what to pick? Try the daily "Mystery Brew", which is only $4 for a pint.  True, you'll have no idea what it is until the week after.. but I've never had anything bad, either.Overall, if you're in the Pittsburgh area and you DON'T go here? You're seriously missing out.
3	I ended up here a few weeks ago for a happy hour with some former co-workers.  We arrived at around 5 PM on a Thursday to find the restaurant and bar area fairly open.  The restaurant itself has an impressive locked beer room when entering its space and a dining room on one side of the restaurant and a bar with high top tables on another side.  Since we were only ordering appetizers and drinks, we decided to sit at one of the high tops.  Thankfully we were there during their happy hour and so were able to get half priced Belgian drafts and 50 cent buffalo bites.  Our waitress quickly came over and took our orders and when all was said and done I had tried some mozzarella wedges and buffalo bites as well as a few beers on draft.  The mozzarella wedges were decent but nothing special and I was not a huge fan of the buffalo bites either.  It wasn't that the flavor wasn't good but they seemed to be somewhat overcooked and so not that great.  We also ended up staying past the end of happy hour and so our last beers were what I consider to be extremely overpriced.  Overall it was not a memorable trip to the Bistro.The bottom line for me is that I will probably be back in the future but not necessarily by my choice.  They easily have the best selection of beer in the city proper and their food is good as well, I only wish that it wasn't so expensive.
2	have you ever seen miniature beers?!  well, they have them here!  my friend and i remember when the beers here were normal sized and resent the obvious attempt to increase profit by shrinking the glasses / pours while keeping prices the same.the food is mediocre and overpriced for what you get.  also, table service was spotty.  it's too bad because we like the beer selection and the place could be special.  we'll pay for good beer but we're adamantly opposed to the teeny tiny glasses.  moving on!
3	This is the place to go if you like beer, you name it and it is there.  The food is another story.  The menu sounded interested but the food didn't live up to the descriptions.  The special zucchini appetizer was just deep fried zucchini.  The mussels ordered by my spouse,  were fresh but they were serve in a thin overly garlic broth.  The artichoke hearts stuffed with crab were the worst. The baked brie was OK.  If you decide to visit this place stick with the beer and french fries. The service was at best indifferent.
3	If you want to get a drink while downtown, and you like beer, this is definitely your place. I went to check out this branch of Sharp Edge with friends last night and even from the beginning, we knew we were going to have a good night. Why? We discovered that there's actually an enormous wall of shelved beer right next to the door when you walk in. I've never seen my friends' faces light up so quickly. And the selection of type of beer is fantastic - Canadian, English, German, Irish, it's all here. I went with a Strongbow cider, but believe me, there's definitely something here for any and all beer lovers, and quite possibly some non-lovers as well.I did not eat much other than a bowl of French onion-type soup, so I can't comment too on what the menu overall is like. Here, however, are the observations I COULD make based on feedback from friends: the mussels were delicious, as were the fries, which came with a house dipping sauce; the burgers are quite large and not too bad; my soup, while tasty, was mostly broth and croutons, and lacked the thick layers of cheese and onions that I would have wanted.My conclusion - some of the menu items and recipes could use some improvement and prices are a tad steep, but our waitress was wonderfully attentive and patient, and the selection of available drinks even put some local breweries to shame, which is not an easy feat. I'll be back here, I'm sure!
4	Sharp Edge is a pretty nice gastropub with a HUGE beer selection and pretty good food if not generally outstanding.  It has a large bar area which seems very popular for happy hour and is nice for larger work groups, etc.  Fried appetizers are pretty good and the pizzas are decent - the duck & fig was really good while the chicken & pesto was just okay.  Desserts were quite good and I would definitely consider eating here again for a quick bite in a nice atmosphere.  The wine options were limited and I'm not sure if I would trust a cocktail here but if you're in the mood for beer you won't go wrong.  I'd probably call it 3.5 stars but will round up to 4 for now.
2	Descriptive phrase: Belgian taps.Note: We did not have the food. This review is just about the bar/drinks.The Sharp Edge is located in a pretty trendy area downtown Pittsburgh. The place itself is inviting from the outside, with large windows and a swanky enterior of leather and warm lights. Katie K., her sister, and I were lured in.We opted to sit in a lounge area near the front windows. There were leather couches and chairs next to the bar. We were joined by an ineteresting crowd, ranging from college-aged kids to late-thirties who were trying too hard to make it a night out. Also, the leather couches were surprisingly uncomfortable.The bartender was a younger guy with hipster written all over him, though I suppose that's the norm now for bartenders. I had lost my driver's license earlier that week but had other identification with me (including a scan of my birth certificate, don't ask), but he wouldn't serve me. Not a knock against the establishment, just a note to underagers that they card hard here.We really came here because they have a pretty extensive list of Belgian beers on tap. The ladies ordered one each and enjoyed them both greatly. The issue: their cheapest beer available came in at $4 (a "mystery beer"), while the average was around $7. I get that this is a downtown place, but when the bar literally next door serves them for half that you have a problem. If you love Belgian beers, maybe start the night here. But otherwise I'd skip it. There's just nothing else to make it worthwhile.
5	I was in town for business and Yelped a place for lunch since I got in ahead of my co-workers. I searched for gastropubs at random and walked about 10 minutes to Sharper Edge without really knowing where I was going. I got a great vibe from when I walked up outside and knew I'd done well when I walked in. If you think you may like a Belgian gastropub then just go. They've got a warm and inviting air and the bar is killer. I had some mussels with bacon and blue cheese and a beer. The only thing that may have been lacking was some better bread to go with the mussels.That's it as far as negativity. If they opened one of these near where I live, I'd go often. Sharper Edge was everything I was looking for and then some.A shout out to Elizabeth G behind the bar. Great service. Thanks.
3	Decent bar/lunch restaurant.  This is my first visit. 3 of us had the Belgium burger (lamb burger) and a side.  Sweet potatoe fries were decent.  1 person had the chicken sandwich special.  Prices are on the high side.  Probably gets convention center people on an expense account.
3	So I'll start with the beer.Terrific! I'm a huge Blue Moon fan but tend to prefer Drafts over bottles any day. The bartender suggested that I try a certain beer (the name escapes me at the moment), if I was searching for something similar and it was outstanding!We also had some delicious Brie en Croute (which has since changed I've heard). I could have eaten two of the amazing 'appetizer' portion.Finally, the only issue we had, was their manager?/Host? sleeping (yes you heard that right!!!) in the 'lounge' area (complete with VERY loud snoring).We were, at first, concerned that someone had passed out drunk and brought up our concerns to the bartender. She answered that she had 'only served him one drink'. Her boss(again- ?) went over and shook him awake. He fell asleep again not even 5 minutes later and wasn't disturbed again.Who lets someone (even if they're a manager or Host/ess) SLEEP in their restaurant?! That's just bad business!For the above, I have docked two stars. That was just ridiculous.I'll go back, but I'll be sitting far far away from the sleeping employee who uses their comfy seating as his personal bedroom. See the picture in their Yelp profile for info.
4	Belgian Beer + Half Off Happy Hour + Good Food = Three Thumbs UpIt's simple math, really. Having tickets to the evening hockey game was probably a life saver because I probably would've camped out here all evening. Well, once I finally got a seat at the long bar. Yeah, it was Happy Hour and the place was packed, and for good reasons already mentioned: 1/2 off all Belgian drafts. And there were PLENTY to choose from. Knowing I was on a limited timetable, a Gulden Draak quickly became my dinner drink of choice.Resisting the urge to default to my go-to mussels, but keeping with the seafood theme, I instead ordered a Seafood Po' Boy sandwich with a side of smoked scallop clam chowder. Both were a unique, delicious and satisfying change of pace.Sharp Edge is definitely a "must-visit" if you're in downtown Pittsburgh, even if you're not a mathematician or a three-thumbed freak.
3	I really wanted to like this place. Unfortunately, it suffers from an identity crisis. Part Gastro pub, part sports bar. It's over-lit, with over-cooked, over-fried food. Frites that are really just fries. Best things: nice beer list, both bottle and tap. Cheese sticks were perfect. Would come back for a nice Belgian beer if I can't find a better place for that Pittsburgh, but I hope that I do.
5	Is it a "bar man's" bar?  Not necessarily. But how can someone not be impressed w/ over 200 different types of beer?  Oh & whatever beer you get, it is served in the corresponding glass.  Chimay?  Chimay glass.  Lagunitas?  Lagunitas mason jar.  Get the point?Was only here to drink, so I can't comment on the food.  But with a seemingly endless selection, not to mention comicallyarge bottles of Stone Vertical Epic , how can it not be aces?Tons of taps & bottles to choose from as well as bottles you can purchase to take home.  What bar does that?Now if only we can do so somethin about that hipster vibe....
3	Came to Sharp Edge before a cultural evening downtown in the Cultural District.  Seemed to have many of the same menu items as the Sharp Edge in Friendship, although I wasn't able to tell if it's a perfect overlap.  Ordered a burger medium well and it ended up being very crispy and dry so will have to calibrate in that regard.  On the plus side many of the Belgian drafts were half price during happy hour (before 6:30).  I wasn't wowed by the food (although hard to argue with the frites) but pluses go for the Belgian selections and the proximity to the theaters.
4	Last time husband and I were in Pittsburgh, we made a point of visiting Sharp Edge Beer Emporium.  We're Belgian-brew-heads.  We love a run down neighborhood watering hole.  It just made sense.  This visit, while walking from our hotel to The Strip, we happened to stumble serendipitously on Sharp Edge Bistro on Penn.  SEBoP is SEBE's more sophisticated big sister.  Me like.Leather couches, marble bar, polished wood, blah blah blah.  What you really need to know is: 36 taps of Belgian beer, plus hundreds of others in bottles.  Corsendonk, Leffe, Kasteel, Gulden Draak.  Anything your Belgian-swilling heart desires.  And during Happy Hour, EVERY BELGIAN DRAUGHT IS HALF PRICE.  Snag a seat on the small patio on Penn for prime people watching along with your brew.  Some folks were eating food, so I suppose there's always that if that's your thing.  Me, I'll fill the belly with Belgians.
4	Went to this place on 5/13/13 for dinner as I was traveling on business. It was pretty good they have a large beer selection and run happy hour specials throughout the week. There were a lot of business travelers there which was nice so people were friendly and you could strike up a conversation with folks. They also have three large TVs over the bar which is good for watching games. The food was pretty standard American fare.Will go back when in Pitt.
4	The food was very good for being a pub. Had a few great beers and left with a growler. A perfect stop for a beer aficionado. Also has a nice location close to the convention center in the Cultural District.
5	We used the private room upstairs to host our rehearsal dinner the night before our wedding. Our group was about two dozen and the room could probably hold twice that. The staff was very friendly and offered drink suggestions for anyone who wanted some guidance on the very extensive beer menu. We were all blown away by the food. The set up was buffet style, starting with some boneless wings which everyone dug in to with gusto. Especially the garlic flavor. I think the group would have been happy with just the huge cheese plate and several hundred wings. But then we had salmon and steak for entrees, rice and sweet potatoes for sides, salad and rolls. Everyone was raving about the entrees and sweet potatoes. And for dessert we had incredible, rich chocolate Belgian pudding. The space is functional and worked well for our event. I think it looks like a pub and you might expect some basic bar food to go with their huge beer selection, but they really deliver excellent bistro food in addition to the extensive beer menu.  Our guests seemed delightfully surprised by the quality of the food. Service was great and we actually came in way under budget for the dinner, so 5 stars!
4	Can I remember the name of the Belgium raspberry beer that I had absolutely not but I can remember absolutely loving it, in a way that I haven't loved any beer in a while.Those Belgium have got a thing or too figured out about beer crafting.  I love this bar I think it is upscale with out be pretentious and the selection is hard to beat.  This is  great spot Downtown to chill after work and unwind.
5	This place was fantastic.  Great atmosphere and beer selection.  My wife and I ordered the Brie en Croute et Prosciutto and went back the next day to have it again!  It was fantastic.  I would go to this place again without hesitation.
2	I moved away from Pittsburgh several years ago and when I visit there are certain places that I must eat or drink. Sharp Edge is a must. I love their Buffalo Blue bites and, of course, beer. I am an IPA kinda guy and was headed to a concert on North Shore tonight, so dinner at Sharp Edge on Penn Ave was a perfect idea. I hate to say that  I was wrong. Sure it was a little busy but I didn't have to wait at all. The host said they weren't sitting people outside because it was suppose to storm so I acquiesced to a booth inside. The guy who came up to serve me looked like the Pittsburgh Dad from that YouTube show. He asked if I wanted a drink and I said "bring me the best IPA on draft"... he proceeded to open the menu, point at the Belgian draft menu, and told me everything was happy hour process so to "pick one". I was flabbergasted since 1) these are NOT IPAs and 2) waiters at Sharp Edge really should know beers. I responded "these aren't IPAs at all, so I will need to figure this out by myself." He said "ok" and walked away. I was shocked. At that point, I almost went to sit at the bar but there weren't lots of seats there.I got up to check the menu on the wall. The Terrapin Hopzilla sounded good, so when he (finally) came back, I ordered one. I also got the buffalo blue bites, and he asked what sauce I wanted. Doesn't that come with buffalo blue sauce? Every other time I've ordered this for over a decade, every Sharp Edge person gave it to me the correct way without asking. A different guy brought me my drink. A third brought me my food, eventually. My guy came to give me my bill, eventually. By then, a skinny white man in a tie came by and I asked if he was the manager. He said "something like that". I told him I was disappointed that my waiter didn't even know the difference between Belgiums and IPAs. He just chuckled. I told him I was hoping my experience at the McMurray store (where we have a dinner party scheduled later this week) will be better. He said he'd trained there, but he did NOT address my concerns about my waiter at all. He pretty much ignored my concerns. I was unhappy with this experience.
5	"Awesome" describes my experience at this joint.  In town for business and walked across the street from my hotel, saw this spot and decided to give it a try.  Fantastic beer selection, great service, and great food.  I started with the mussels with bleu cheese.  How sad I was that I've been eating gluten free because I would've loved to sop up that delicious broth with a piece of bread.  Followed that up with the ostrich burger sans bun.  Burger was juicy and perfectly cooked and the garlic aioli was a nice accompaniment.  I will definitely be back on my next visit to Pittsburgh!  BTW, the folks I've met on my visit to Pittsburgh couldn't be nicer!  I've become a big fan!
4	Awesome happy hour. Great service. Great food.I work downtown, so this is one of my favorite places to go after work. I have only tried the chicken salad sandwich (twice) with frites. I love it. I have had Sharp Edge burgers at their other location (in Friendship). I'm assuming it's about the same at the Bistro. However, I really don't like going to the location in Friendship. I feel like it's kind of dirty and crowded and not great service. I enjoy the Bistro location much more for the overall environment.Of course, there is an amazing selection of beers. They're all really good. If you have a chance to stop in, do it!
1	The Sharp Edge Bistro on Penn is definitely not the Sharp Edge I love in Friendship.  This place is obnoxious, full of attitude, and not nearly as well versed as its counterpart.  My coworkers attempted a happy hour here and had a heck of a time getting any of the waitresses to give us more than a dirty look.  We finally asked if it would be easier for us to be served at a table on what appeared to be the 'dining' side of the restaurant, which was empty.  Unfortunately, the empty dining side left us with a larger bill but only slightly better service. I'll be hopping the bus back to the Friendship Sharp Edge for happy hour from now on.
5	We look forward to visiting Sharp Edge every year! They have a fantastic  selection of beer and food whether you're looking for a quick drink and appetizer or a full dinner. The Belgian Burger is particularly good, and be sure to ask for the herbed aioli to go with your frites - I can't get enough of it.
2	I'm debating between a one and a two star.The food was...boring and poorly prepared. I ordered tomato soup and the "gourmet grilled cheese," after being assured it was vegetarian. I received a panini-pressed cheese sandwich with bacon on it, and a lukewarm cup of soup that could have easily been from a can.The sandwich was pathetic. The cheese wasn't melted (I could count the number of slices on the sandwich). The tomato was tasteless. The bacon (while I didn't eat it) looked soggy and/or rubbery. The bread looked (and tasted) like cheap store-bought sandwich bread. I'm not sure what made it gourmet. Even if everything was right, it was still just a tomato, bacon, cheese sandwich. That's hardly gourmet. Hook me up with some fancy aioli, or maybe some garlic jelly, or something unusual if you're going to call it gourmet.Also, a grilled cheese sandwich is different from a panini sandwich. A good grilled cheese has that buttery, crispy exterior. This was just ... bread. That tasted slightly grilled.I only decided on the grilled cheese and soup because the other vegetarian options were not enticing. I don't know why restaurants convince themselves that a portobella, a garden burger, and/or a vegetarian pizza are the be-all end-all of vegetarian cuisine. And after eating those same entrees for years on end, paying through the nose at a place like Sharp Edge for the same old crappy portobella cap just isn't something I want to do.The only saving grace of the evening was the super-pleasant server. She apologized profusely at the mix-up with the sandwich, and was prompt and friendly throughout the evening.Short of it: I would not go back.
4	A mellow bar to grab a Belgian or craft beer with some food while watching the game. They have a very extensive beer selection which is rather expensive when not paired with one of specials which run every weekday (for example, Belgian beers are half off from 4:30 to 6:30 on weekdays). The bar counter is very spacious and there is a cozy area adjunct to the bar where you can sit.
3	Great craft beer selection and friendly service. My Belgian burger (ground lamb and sirloin with smoked gouda) was cooked  to an exact medium like I ordered. It was also topped with whole grain mustard, crispy bacon, and shallot. It was pretty bangin'. Great happy hour specials too.
4	Good beer selection. Kind of pricey. The food is descent. I like just going here for a quick bite! :)
4	If you like Beer You will love this place.  Tons of beer on tap..... Nice place on Penn Avenue in downtown, pittsburgh.... Only reason not a five star is it's pricey
5	I have never seen so many beers before.  All different kinds and styles.  Everyone is very friendly and willing to help you find that right beer to get your drunk, I mean satisfy your needs.  I will be making this a regular stop going forward.
3	Excellent choice of beers and a very swank decor.  The bartender was generous in giving out samples.  Everyone that works here seems friendly and welcoming.  The food is very good and it arrives promptly.  I especially like all the windows so that people can see in and out.
3	Fantastic selection of beers albeit at terrible prices.  I'm from NYC and had sticker shock when seeing what they were charging for many of the Belgian beers I can get at home. I'll be working on Pitt for the next couple months and was hoping to find my local watering hole.  This won't be it.To be fair the staff was kind and attentive and they have great TVs for the games.  Would not deter someone from going here once.  Just wouldn't recommend it either.
3	We were staying in a downtown hotel and friends suggested trying out Sharp Edge/Bistro Penn for a late-night snack and some drinks.  The place was busy so we were worried about getting seated and service, but we were immediately seated upon arrival and our waitress was friendly and prompt.Other than that, I don't think there is truly anything special about Sharp Edge.  The location was great (walking distance), and people around us seemed happy, but the beer selection was MEH and the food was MEH-ER.  My husband had the buffalo wings, my friend had the soup, and I had the fish sandwich.  Everything was just OK, and satisfied hungry appetites.  But, the beer menu was not interesting and some of it was even way more expensive than I was used to seeing in other restaurants who served the same beer.  Our waitress was nice but she was super busy and her demeanor showed it.I would MAYBE go back again if I discover they have a beer I really need to try, but other than that, I'd rather spend $16 you'd spend on a 4-beer flight on other things.
2	No pitchers. What kind of bar doesn't serve pitchers? Given how expensive (and small) the beers are, pitchers would really have helped bring down the cost.If you like beer, want something different, and don't mind paying extra for it, this place is for you. If you don't like beer, don't feel like trying something different, or you do mind paying a lot for small beers, then stay away.The place was dead during the Steelers game, so if you're okay with paying a premium for good seats with good beers in front of good TVs, and don't care for a loud/crazy atmosphere, then this is the place for you.
4	Great beer, great atmosphere, great food, & a good portion size at a decent price. The evening started out with a glass of their smooth tasting Gulden Draak Ale. The Mediterranean nachos tasted awesome, while the shrimp and langostino pizza was loaded w plenty of shrimp, lobster and flavor.
2	Wonderful happy hour... Half priced drafts.  HOWEVER, I have never experienced service like this.  The hostesses and servers were rude to us, and we're talking about how annoying we were about 5 feet away from our table.  It was completely ridiculous.  We ended up moving to the bar in search of better service.  WRONG - the bartender was just as rude!  I was shocked.  This really unfortunate, because they have one of the best beer selections in the 'Burgh.
3	Excellent beer selection - particularly Belgian options.  They have specialty glassware for every beer as well. The menu is underwhelming - a few interesting Belgian-style options but they are drowned out by typical bar grub. I'd love to see them fully embrace the Belgian theme. In short: go for the beer; eat if you must.
4	Great beer selection and my burger and sweet potatoe fries were excellent. Definitely on my list when I'm in PIT.
4	My boyfriend had the bleu burger and proclaimed "this burger tastes the way boobs look" and said it was the best burger he's ever eaten. I had the veggie burger, while it had a nice char and very flavorful, it became very mushy very quickly, but they so not skimp on toppings!If you get a salad get the house dressing, it's delicious! Like a creamy Italian. Also a wonderful beer selection, highly recommend trying the mystery beer, a little cheaper and bound to be delicious! Only downside is the service, their host was also acting as busboy to it took fooooreeevvvverrrrr to get seated, even though there were plenty tables available, but maybe it was an off day.However my boyfriend has declared that this is where he wants to go for every birthday/anniversary/special occasion.
4	Okay so I am for sure a fan of the Sharp Edge!!!!I last had their burger known as the Belgian AMAZING!!! An incredibly simple burger with amazing results. The food is always great and the BEER oh my goodness the BEER!!! Tons of imports from Europe and great smaller micro-brews. AMAZING!!!!
5	This is one of my favorite places in Pittsburgh. They have an awesome beer selection with a great happy hour. Half priced Belgium drafts and the boneless wings. (Favoring the ranch flavored.)My coworkers and I constantly choose this place for our happy hours on Fridays. Mainly because it is hard to beat the atmosphere and the prices. Some of the bar tenders can be a little snobby, but overall it's worth your time and money.
4	Went in for HH last night.  They have an impressive selection of beers, but seem to go through kegs very quickly.  About half the things on the menu were out and replaced by other (seemingly less desireable) beers.  I didn't get a chance to eat there, but would like to give it a shot sometime in the future.  It will be difficult to dislodge my favorite Belgian scene at Point/Park Bruges, but I'm willing to try.  I must have been too late for the HH prices - all my beers were in the $9-10 range.  Pretty pricey, but they were good beers.
5	If you're in the area you have to try the Sharp Edge. Amazing food and even better beers. The staff is extremely friendly and extremely knowable about all the beers. I will definitely be back here when I'm in Pittsburgh.
5	Great beer selection, good happy hour specials, and the nicest restaurant of the franchise. Would recommend the ostrich burger, sweet potato frites, and waffles.
5	Came in from tampa. Used yelp to find a bar, and this place has met all expectations. The setting, food and beer is great. Wendy, our waitress made our night  a great experience. If in Pittsburgh, this is a place you must visit, and please seek out wendy, her knowledge on belgium beer is remarkable.
4	Whenever I end up here in Pittsburgh, this is one of the first stops.An incredible beer menu as well as a really great food menu.Bartenders are friendly and well educated on the product they're serving. A superb menu of imported, domestic, drafts and bottled beer from near and far.If you've never had a Lamburger... This is the place to try it! Come on, live a little and try something new you won't be disappointed.
4	Great selection of Beer and good food if you pay attention.  Don't order a burger, concentrate on the mussels or entrees.
4	The service here was efficient enough, but not personal or all that friendly. The selection of beers is nice, but no real recommendations from the waiter. Or explanation of what mystery beer he served even was. The food was above average bar food but nothing stood out. Overall value was strong during a midweek happy hour.  Buffalo bites, French fries, jerk chicken pizza (9"), plus 8-9 beers for under $60. Feels like it would have been more other places.Not a bad place to catch a few after work.
1	Service was mediocre at best. Food was incredibly poor quality: literally had a freezing cold French fry served to me. The only thing they have going for them is good beer selection. Thus, one star for the beer.
5	The best beer selection in Pittsburgh and its surrounding suburbs. Incredible Belgian draft selection. Half off all Belgian drafts M-F 4:30-6:30 PM. This place is by far one of the best bars in the city.
4	I absolutely love the jerk chicken pizza! The beer selection is great and it's a good place to go after a concert at the symphony. The service is okay just a little slow. I wish the prices were a little cheaper, but overall a good place.
4	Their beer selection action can't really be beat... The service isn't bad, but Aldo isn't overly friendly... I was waiting for friends, that ended up being very late, and no one said a word to me... I mean, I would understand if they were busy or something but it was 4:00 on a Thursday. Meh to service, yay to beer.
3	I agree with other Yelpers. This is a place in the midst of major identity crisis. It's a Belgian beer bar. It's a burger joint. It's got a cafeteria feel going on with the cheap-looking tables and chairs. It looks like an 8th grader designed the logo and menu and artwork. It's the kind of place I could see on Gordon Ramsay's show in desperate need of a makeover.So it's 5-stars as far as the beer goes. I decided to gamble on the mystery beer for 4 bucks. It was a decent lager, but nothing spectacular. My wife and I each had a burger (BBQ burger and Belgian burger). The burgers were good, the fries were abysmal. I would bet my house that they were frozen and re-heated Ore-Ida fries. I've made them in my oven many times, but for $12 and $14 respectively, I'd sure hoped for a little more. Bartenders were attentive and service was good. So come for the beer but skip everything else.
3	I had the opportunity to really enjoy a few "brews" here and I was very pleased. I got great recommendations from the bar staff and they seemed to really know what I would like based on my taste for beers. They have a great menu that really offers a great selection and the food selection is just as great.
4	Nice selection of Belgian drafts and bottles, as well as a few other styles of beer and wine. Food is great, love the french onion soup. The baked Brie appetizer is delicious & I've had a few of their sandwiches and not been disappointed.
4	I've frequented here many a time considering it's just around the corner from my home. .. it's decent. Decor, is kinda blah... but who cares. .. it's all about the food/beverages, right? !  Beer selection is top notch but I do wish they'd have some local ciders available. Food is good but a little pricer than what it should be when you see your quantity. ..either put more on the plate or lower the price but I may just be overly particular on this. Service is always excellent no matter how busy it is... some how I always have the same waitress who is fabulous. I will caution, if you like cheap beer.... do not come here. .. they don't have it & the beer prices are on par with prices of a fancy cocktail. ... with this said. .. please don't bitch about it loudly & annoy fellow guests. I hear this about every time I've dined here & is annoying.
3	This place is fine. Good beer selection, but really pricey for sandwiches.  My Mom paid $9.50+ for half of a tiny panini with barely anything on it and pre-frozen fries.  I got a very good fish sandwich (and pre-frozen fries) for $11. The service was fine.  Nothing was great.  Everything was mediocre.Now,  they do have a Saturday special... the same burgers for $6 that they sell for $14+ on the regular menu, but only from 11-3pm.  I don't think we'd have been as dissatisfied with Sharp Edge if we hadn't seen that special when we arrived at 3:30pm.  Knowing that we could have purchased burgers and cut our bill in half if we'd only arrived 30 minutes prior was like a smack in the face.  That's just terrible marketing. If you have that special only on Saturday, you should put it on cards on the table throughout the week and take them away promptly at 3pm on Saturday. Don't have it on the menu.  It makes people feel cheated.
3	I've frequented the Beer Emporium more than this branch in Downtown, but had a fine experience stopping in here one afternoon for their mystery beer and a burger. The design and feel of the place is more lacking when compared to the Beer Emporium. It was quiet and our server was friendly and put up with our friends watching weird Vine videos on their phone with the volume up and us telling her about this interactive performance art piece we took part in during the Three Rivers Arts Fest.The bleu burger was good, not anything incredible, and the beer was fine. The beer selection was good, it seems like that's where the effort goes. The fries were, as others said, on the low end of quality. Spent more than I'd have liked for what I got, but would probably stop in again sometime.
2	I've come here a few times with friends, and because of my vegan diet and ambivalence towards beer, I can't say it's one of my favorite places.Before I went vegan, I went for their half-price pizza night, and shared a plain cheese with a friend. The pizza was pretty plain all right. Like, a taste and texture not worth eating at all, but we had bought it and it was cheap so we had to.Their tofu bites featured as a "wing night" companion deal are alright, but nothing special. The veggie burger is homemade, but infused with parmesan, so its not vegan-friendly. My vegetarian friend who ordered it said it was "ok," but at 12 bucks is a bit steep for what you get.Their beer selection looks good, though I can't say much else about it. They do have a very tasty pear cider that comes in a large can, and is a good value. The atmosphere is fine as well, not too loud when I've been, with lots of space. Service has been good too.
3	For Belgian beer selection alone, this would be a four star place. It was busy at 7 on a Friday night, so there was a bit of a wait, which is fine since they have plenty of beers. However, the food is where it fell apart.  There was a lot going on in town that night, (a conference, a marathon, playoff hockey, etc) and they just didn't seem like they were prepared to handle it. The menu had some interesting stuff, but they were out of the one thing that I was excited to try - the poblano Mac n cheese. They were out of at least two other menu items we requested too. I settled for a margarita pizza, and my girlfriend had a chicken sandwich. Both just average - should have been better than that for the price. Sweet potato fries were tasty though.  This place could easily be awesome if they really stepped up their game in back of the house, but for now, it's just a bar.  It's a four as a bar, a 2 as a restaurant, so 3 stars it is..
3	Great selection of beer. Plenty of it! The food is so-so. Typical bar-food. Very nice wait-staff and bar tenders. Large enough place to accommodate a busy night. Worth the stop.
3	this place is ok.  if you want a meal better than say Applebees it qualifies but there are certainly better options in Pittsburgh.  they do have a nice beer selection.
5	Visited while in town on business.  Ate at the bar and I'm glad I did because the bartender, Scott, was very friendly, attentive and knowledgeable. Place was clean which was a huge plus. Although the beer and cocktail menus looked very good I passed on alcohol.  I ordered the Belgian burger with frites and it was excellent! bun was toasted, Gouda was a great touch, and the chopped shallots and bacon made a great combination. Prices were very reasonable and the place just seemed very relaxing. Would definitely return.
4	Didn't try any food but, for a quick tasty beer from a great selection, this is the place to go if like me, you are at the convention hall. Just a quick walk from their, service at the bar was quick and I can't complain about the East End Big Hop that I enjoyed there.
4	Great selection of beers. Selections from all over the world. Casual friendly atmosphere. Waiters are very knowledgeable and helpful in recommending beers based on likes and dislikes. Best way to go is a sample rack of 4 draft beers for $16. Each beer is 5.5 oz. Perfect for taste testing.
4	Suuuuper helpful and friendly staff! I left my credit card there last night after closing out my tab and called today to see if they had it.  When I did, the manager said that our bartender had gone running after us for a full block with my card but we were just out of earshot.  Upon picking it up, he told me that the guy had been incredibly relieved to hear that I was coming to get my card back.  How sweet is that? No one puts out that much effort these days!  So aside from having a great moral character, our bartender was clearly very knowledgable as well.  He made some fantastic suggestions for beers to try, despite hearing very little about our personal tastes.  I'm very impressed, and would definitely recommend!
4	I was pleasantly surprised by the crowd here on a Friday night. Downtown Pittsburgh can be a little dead on the weekends, but Sharp Edge did not disappoint us. It has a vast beer menu and some comforting appetizers for the late night crowd. We enjoyed some "nachos" which ended up being cheesy dip covered pita/bread triangles. They were like the Pittsburgh version of nachos. Delicious. They also have a great selection of New Planet gluten free beer, which made me very happy. They accommodated our large party of 16 and we had a great time. The service was fantastic and we definitely felt taken care of. We will be back!
3	I went to Sharp Edge as part of a group of 8, from work, for dinner.  We ordered the Mediterranean Nachos as the appetizer and I must say that this dish was the best part of the entire meal.  The Nachos part of the appetizer was deep fried pieces of flatbread, topped with Mediterranean ingredients.   I then proceeded to order a side salad, which contained a nice mix of greens, carrots, onions and beets.  I also ordered the wild boar meatloaf topped with a wild mushroom sauce, which came with my choice of 2 sides.  I opted for the Belgian Frites (because there were no mashed potatoes and the vegetable of the day which was summer squash and zucchini.   The meatloaf was a miss for me.  The texture was weird, slightly congealed.  The mushroom sauce was a miss as well.  I didn't taste or see any mushrooms and the "sauce" equated to juice in the bottom of the bowl that the meatloaf was served in.   The frites were ok, nothing spectacular, especially with meatloaf and the vegetables were just ok.   I'm not sure that I would return to Sharp Edge, just not my cup of tea, especially with so many other restaurants in the immediate vicinity.   A couple of my co-workers gasped at their dinner bills, when they realized that the 2 beers ordered were $7 each.
5	I enjoyed the restaurant a couple of times during a recent trip. Great beer selection, staff is very knowledgable about the beers. Good menu selection. I had the HBT with sweet potato fries... Excellent
1	I am giving one star solely for the decent beer selection. Food is some of the most disgusting I've come across anywhere. Belgian my a**.  Frozen fries common at any truck stop across the nation.. Minuscule supermarket mussels. Everything drowned in gross butter. Really, a god da*n stale wedding dinner roll for the bread? All for the low price of $15! Lol. Thank goodness I'm not from Pittsburgh. If you want solid (edible) Belgium food check out Taste of Belgium in Cincinnati or Columbus.  Pennsylvania folks should be embarrassed.
2	Wow, worst service ever! Took forever to come by, so long that the hostess actually asked if I'd been helped and brought me water herself. I finally gave up and got my beer at the bar, which was all I wanted anyway. The bartenders were perfectly nice and helpful, but my waitress, when she finally bothered to show up, overcharged me 50% for my one beer, when she had actually provided no service at all. I mean, really, the beer is that day's special, are you really that incompetent? Or do you think I won't notice? Besides that, the place is harshly lit. Maybe that's the ambience they're going for, but it seemed odd.Go over your checks with a fine-toothed comb, that's my advice.
5	It's one of my more favorite bar/restaurants downtown. It has plenty of good food on the menu but the real draw here is the huge selection of imported beer from Germany, Belgium, and other place in Europe. If you're looking for a drink this is the place to go.
4	This is a classy bar and restaurant in downtown Pittsburgh. The space is very inviting and was a welcome refuge on the first cold night in October. Interesting if not huge draft selection. Good people. Eclectic menu a cut above pub fare. My only complaint was that their "mystery beer", which appears in the draft beer pages, was a bottle of an Octoberfest beer. I will definitely return.
3	I met up with my friend, Kris, because he frequents this bar often. He was running a little late, so I ordered a beer (Bavik) and some fried mozzarella bites. Tasty, yes. Once Kris arrived, we ordered more beer and food. I had the mild buffalo bites. They were not mild, but I had some ranch dressing to cool them down. Once we were done eating, we migrated to the bar to watch the Pens game. The bartender wasn't very friendly and had some strange excuses for not having any game-time specials (Pens game, CLE/CIN football game). Kris and I had one more drink and left. It was a strange night - I liked the food and atmosphere, but not enough to justify going back again.
1	The service here was horrible. It was an extremely slow lunch and everything took way too long. The food(just sandwiches) took forever. My chicken salad panini was ice cold. When I told my waitress she said it was "supposed to be cold". Nevermind that I've had the same sandwich at the East Lib location and it was toasty and melted. Quiche was completely cold too. The waitress sat at a table we could see her at and bullshitted with her coworkers instead of ever checking on us.Terrible gross food. Overpriced (but great selection) of beers. Just go for the happy hour beer.
3	Suggesting the bartender not refer to me (3 times!) as "ma'am" and should definitely avoid making recommendations which start with: "well my grandma likes..". Just a thought.
3	Food is a little pricey and it's just okay. Not much on the menu except for burgers and pizza. Lots of different beers though.
5	This was our first stop on our weekend of exploring the city.....we sat in the windows right out front and watched the people walk by.  The beer selection was AWESOME!!  We tried several each...and our bar tender/server was a BLAST!  Very personable and VERY knowledgeable!  We told him what we liked and he picked out beers that fit us...it was a very nice first impression of the city!!
