5	I just bought my first Harley and bloody knuckles was referred to me by a good friend. Through all of this I have come to know these guys pretty well. Jeff is an awesome mechanic & really knows bikes. I had them preform the required Harley maintenance and after reviewing the invoice I feel it was extremely reasonable. A buddy with a similar Harley took a look at the invoice and said he paid a lot more taking it directly to Harley so that was good to hear. Not good that he paid more but good that I didn't get charged too much of course. This is the place for me and my bike
5	Back for round 2. I showed up a little before closing time & Jeff was happy to stay after closing to get a list together for an estimate. Great mechanic & Jeff's dedication is awesome!
5	I rated this shop 5 stars and they deserve all 5.  I would have rated them 6 if possible.  My V Star 650 was running way too lean, and I couldn't fix it on my own.  I took it to Bloody Knuckles because a co-worker and fellow motorcycle enthusiast highly recommended the shop.  They found the problem with the carburetor very quickly, drilled out a frozen mixture screw and ordered up another for me.  They put up with my whining, and moaning about the wait for the part to come in with flying colors.  I'm a basket case without my bike.  I picked it up and Jeff brought her out for me already running like a Swiss watch.  They took great care of my bike, and I picked it up cleaner than it was when I dropped it off.  The cost of the repairs was very reasonable, and they did a spot on perfect job.  My bike never ran this well!  They've earned my trust and I'll be back for all my bike's maintenance needs.  I highly recommend this shop to anyone looking for a shop they can trust.
1	WARNING!....I gave this shop a chance and got screwed.. Save your self the headache. Example...got a reasonable quote of $500 went to pick up bike and it was more without a phone call telling me.Drive belt was WAY too tight. Front break caliper was rebuilt and now the front break revisor is leaking ......Didn't even bother to wipe work area after job was finished. Save your money
