4	This location is fairly clean, decent sized, and easy to get to.  I wish there was a basketball gym.    They need to update a lot of their equipment.
4	nice Gym... you can always get on some sort of cardio machine no matter what time of day that you go.  there is a pool and the monthly rate is not too terrible... i find the staff helpful and the place clean.  they could change some of their weight stuff but all and all not a bad place... and they even have a pool!
3	When I moved to Phoenix from the Bay Area in 2001 this was the closest 24 Hour Fitness to where I was living.  It had just been converted over from The Q and was decidedly more upscale a place than I was used to.The downside, though, was that late-night gym-goers were frequently subjected to automobile break-ins.  I'm going to venture a guess that there was a break-in per-month for a while, with some broken glass left next to a parking space for we graveyard gym rats to see.The place was frequently dead from around 2-4am, so that was the best time to go IMHO.  Depending on the time of year, various high school and college athletes would work out there, making for quite a mix of characters.  On more the one occasion there were tales of celebrities stopping by, but I never saw anyone famous (well, I saw Ross Shimabuku there once... he's a sports caster for Channel 3).The two-level layout gives a sense that the place is huge, but the actual weights and machines are in a pretty standard amount of space-- even a little cramped.  They removed the tanning booth area and that freed up some space on the free weight side.  They do have the two aerobics rooms (or they did, anyway), and the spare spinning room, so overall the upstairs layout is decent.Finally, over the course of a few days I did see new equipment being brought in, maybe a year after the conversion, but I can see where some older stuff might have stuck around.
4	3.5 Stars.  Having been to many 24 Hour Fitness locations, this one is my usual stomping ground.  This location is just OK.  Other "Sports" locations here and in CA are newer and hence - cleaner, larger and with better equipment.This gym does offer decent equipment, but they could use a few more ab machines, some 40 pound dumbbells, and like someone else said -- a basketball court.  A number of 40 pound dumbbells have been missing for a while - like someone stole them, wtf? They also offer a number of extras - from the pool, spa, sauna, large aerobic rooms, chiropractor, and massage (extra charges of course).The crowd here is typical of the area -- a mix of Central Phoenix/East Phoenix yuppies, local celebrities, soccer moms, and h.s./college students.Like most gyms in existence, they suffer from the after work crowd.  And sometimes in the crazy days of January and February parking (even with the large lot) can be impossible - I've turned around and gone home on a few ocassions.  But if you avoid those times, you will be fine.
2	Wow, I think this is probably the filthiest gym I've ever been to. I guess I'm charmed in that respect, as not only all other reviewers have mentioned its marginal cleanliness, but I was given the EXTREME narrow eyes by my gym partner for mentioning it. We used a really fun machine (the ONLY saving grace of this gym) that kicks ass, literally, and the first thing I noticed was that the foot pads had major dirt and grime buildup... yuck. Made me wonder the last time someone went through there with a little 409. The shower and locker room facilities were ridiculously dated, and perhaps even more annoying than any of these factors combined was the relentless and shameless advertisements everywhere. Tanning booths, vitamins, massage, towels? Jesus Christ, someone just get me to the YMCA!
3	I don't really like this gym. With that said, I signed up to give myself more cardio options. From machines (which I never use) to classes, I wanted a wider range of possibilities when breaking a sweat. I never intended to use their weight machines, although I do find them to be clunky and cumbersome. Low grade, if you ask me. I find it amusing that when given the tour, the sales guy said, "We color coordinate our machines, so you know which ones go with which muscle group." They should have a giant poster to serve as a key. Uhm, what does purple mean again? In any case, I signed up for cardio classes, thinking I missed kickboxing and I wanted to try group yoga/pilates. That's when I noticed they host other classes, too, like full-body weights and aerobics. I haven't tried either, to be honest. You see, as luck would have it, I discovered spin class. Not just any spin class, either - spin class with Jonathan. How do I know he's the best? I took classes with other instructors, too, and while I did get a great workout, I didn't feel as alive or revitalized afterwards. You see, Jonathan plays what many people would call "techno." From Tomcraft to Van Dyk, this man plays some great tunes... all the more better to cycle to! So, I'm hooked. I must admit that. Plus, he's funny (if not a bit like a coach), who loves his Patriots and Red Sox. (Fine with me!)I want to like the other class, especially so I feel like I'm getting the most out of my monthly $24 dues. But, c'mon, the turbo kickboxing is a joke. Sure, I take it from time-to-time so that I get off my lazy bum and burn a little extra calories. But, geez. I always laugh at myself during the class (which can be a good thing, I guess). Talk about feeling like a moron! From jumping jacks and stupid "sports movements," this isn't kickboxing. Of course, I took a "real" kickboxing class last year, so forgive me if my expectations are higher than most. But, whatever... I can't complain too much since I still go once in a while. What can I say? I like throwing punches.I also did yoga here once. I found it to be very pleasant, even for a weekend morning when I would prefer to be sleeping off a hangover. The instructor was calming, very clear in his explanations and, I must admit, the most flexible man I've ever seen. He bended in ways I didn't think were possible! That's also when I found out that I'm not very flexible. I could benefit from doing more yoga (and pilates), so I'm glad the gym offers these two group activities.Oh, and did I mention there's a swimming pool, hot tub, suana AND steam room? Yeah, that's cool, I think. I need to try them all one of these days, don't I? I guess for $24 you do get alot out of this gym. I guess I wish it was more comfortable and inviting. It just seems overly bright and ugly, not to mention some of the staff and gym-goers give me the creeps. Oh, and parking absolutely sucks sometimes when you arrive after work between 5 and 7 p.m.But, let's be honest here. I never really was a gym person. I guess as you get older and stop playing sports, you have limited options. And well, getting fat and lazy just isn't one of them!
1	This place is getting seriously demoted. For the second time, I have been turned away from my absolute fave cardio class because it has filled up to capacity 45 minutes before it starts. What? Really? Does this mean I have to speed up my after-work rush just to ensure I can write my name down on their sign-in sheet? That's bogus. What a fiasco. The last time the class filled up, I went up to see for myself. So many regulars, who said they signed up, were without spots. That's when one went down to get the sign-in sheet and an employee. Good for her. Total chaos. When I asked the front desk what I needed to reserve my spot, chick-a-boo behind the counter had no clue. Then the guy who pulled out a binder really wasn't any better. I wanted to know the process. Don't just tell me to sign-up and pay a $1. I want to know how the system works, man! I said, "Good to know for future reference," then I left. It's also good to know that you MUST reserve a spot IN PERSON so they can take your dollar. I don't trust them. They'd probably lose my information and I'd get screwed over, again. I don't use the machines there because they're shitty. I go for the one or two cardio classes that I absolutely love - because of the instructors. Everything else creeps me out, even the female locker room. Plus, the one time I asked the front counter staff about a personal trainer, she had NO IDEA their names. I tried to describe the one I saw upstairs working out with a client. He was doing moves I used to do, ones that really focus on stability and strength. I thought, "He looks like he knows his stuff, and I have free sessions here I still haven't used. Oh, why not?" Well, chick-a-boo had no clue. "Go look over there at the board. They have their photos up." That didn't help me, because I didn't really see the trainer on the board. Maybe he was new or he cut his hair. I don't know... How f'n annoying. It reminds me of when I first joined and asked for a trainer to give me a call. Nobody did. Suckas.I hate this place. I hate going here, but I can't resist because of the cardio classes I love so much. ARRRRGH. It just sucks squirrel nuts that I have to show up AT LEAST an hour before class just to get a spot!
4	I've been a 24 Hour Fitness member for the last 10 years.  This location is better than the average 24 Hour Fitness location.  The parking is great except on the busiest times of the week, between 5-7pm.  The location is very convenient for me.  The selection of weight machines, free weights is also decent.  Not the biggest selection but not the smallest, either.  The selection of classes are also good although the classes can be a bit more frequent.  The sauna, steam room, and pool are also in good shape.  The steam room tends to be offline when some people throw water on the thermostat and blow out the fuse.  The pool is also a salt-water pool, which makes a big difference.The lockers were recently redone, with much larger lockers.  The showers are in need of updating, with better showerheads.  They can also use better-smelling cleaning solutions.The staff at this location are generally friendly, helpful.  And the sales folks seem to be less pushy over the years.The Kid's Club room is very large and comfortable for kids 7 and younger. Bottom line:  If you're looking for a decent place to work out, lose weight, and the flexibility of using other locations, 24 Hour Fitness should suit you pretty well.
2	I go here 5 days a week for an hour somewhere between the hours of 5am-7am. Its dirty. The cardio equipment is usually broken or about to be broken. Bikes missing pedals. Treadmills with torn pads or that literally stop moving at speed randomly in workout. Morning staff cares none about faulty equipment.Everytime it rains, the floor floods and no one cares or fixes it. The next year its still flooding. Didn't you notice you had to shut down half the weight area floor because of the last drizzle?!?The only reason I keep coming back is because its open when I need it to be.
3	Not the newest or the nicest but, everything you need and usually no wait for machines. The staff is super nice and there are magazines to read while your there. If they could just turn up the AC a little bit and put ESPN on more than two of the TVs.
1	some equipment just goes missing, too. my boyfriend says the scale in the mens locker room has been missing for 2 months, randomly. one day i noticed someone using the gym's jump ropes and decided the next day i would do that because it looked nice and intense. next day = all jump ropes gone! no reason... they never came back either so i just bought my own and bring it there. i asked the front desk about it, they said "oh, we need a code to get in to the equipment rooms." and i was like "well, can you get it or ask someone to open it?" and the response was "well, i dont really know which trainers are here right now, so i dont know." and i was like "nevermind" -- no point in pressuring an obviously unmotivated employee.although the skinny hispanic guy that looks like he thinks hip hop is super cool thats there in pre-6am hours is fabulous. he remembers your name, inquires as to why you are late, asks why your workout was so short today if you leave too early, etc. great guy. he's young, i dont know his name, but someone should notice that he's a great employee. hes the type of person that, at first glance, you would think he would be an idiot or lazy - but definitely not.
4	Wow, I don't see what all the horrible reviews are about. I switched here from LA Fitness and am so much happier. I never received the high pressure sales tactics for memberships or trainers that I did at LA Fitness. I like the layout and it's not overcrowded. Seriously, you get what you pay for. I don't expect a top notch towel service gym for this rate..but....I get the equipment I need, the service I like and have no complaints.
3	I go to a lot of 24 Hour Fitness locations across the valley, and this definitely is not a favorite of mine. I also have gone to the locations since I lived in TX, so for about 6 years now. This location is a bit run-down compared to the nice newer gyms (8th St in Mesa, Metroplex off the 17; Chandler, Gilbert, etc), and the machines are not always up to speed. There are several treadmills that say "Error 7" after a few minutes, yet they're always broken.  I have had to hop on and off several treadmills to finally find one that works.  There are always machines broken. I have been injured on and off and could only use a recumbent bike. One's resistance was off and kept slipping, making a workout impossible. Another one was incredibly wobbly, then by the time I got on a bike that worked, an older man gave me the stink eye for taking "his bike" that apparently he was used to having daily. Out of the nine or 10 stepmills, at least several don't function quite right (either wobbly or go too fast) and several have a sign on them saying that they are under repair. The Pros:- Classes are fun, almost always. The yoga, pilates, Zumba, and kickboxing classes are tons of fun with great instructors, although I don't think there are any true-yoga yoga instructors at this location. The cycle classes are a lot of fun. Go to Carolyn or Anne's cycle classes if you can. I have been going for almost two years and absolutely love these classes!- Medium crowded. I can usually find a machine, for the most part. This gym seems to attract the over-40/50 Arcadia crowd, and the gym gets really busy around 10/11 am on weekdays. Sometimes the bikes are all full at those times.  *If you want in a cycle/spin class especially on Wednesday, Friday, (9:30am) or Saturday mornings (8:30am), you have to get to the gym at least an hour early to get a pass.   I hear that the evening classes are packed too.  - Parking is decent and in a good spot if you want to shop before or after in that Arcadia/Camelback area - close to the 20th Street shops.  However, in the evenings, I have attended yoga and had to park in the lot to the north of the gym (more exercise!) - There is an entire aerobics room with equipment such as medicine balls, weights, and mats to go do your own thing, which is nice. - Childcare (not sure of the hours)The Cons:- Some of the instructors are friendly and others are not. It depends on which class.   Sometimes the front desk people greet me, sometimes not at all. - Some classes can get super packed to the point  almost too close for comfort.  - In the cycle room if you have sensitive ears like me, the music can seem really really loud. (But always a fun class) - The weights area can get really crowded, and some of those guys take up several machines at once or just sit on a bench staring into space for 10 minutes. - Cardio machines are often not working. Although it's likely I can find one, there are often "sorry this machine is under repair" signs on several pieces of equipment.  The StepMills are popular, and there are at least three to four not working at any one time, plus some of them are weird and jerky, so I don't bother.  Also, the elliptical machines and treadmills are often not in best shape, so I have to keep switching machines to find one that works.  - Some machines are outdated. - The locker room is sometimes a bit grungy and often overly hot, because the a/c doesn't work in there. Some of the cycle class crew had said that there were some thefts in the locker room. - There were a few weekends where the A/C was leaking water all over the area where the treadmills are located.  Also the A/C has not always worked in cycle room (ick!)- The room where one can go and stretch, etc. is often packed to where one cannot find a spot to do any sort of exercises. Compared to many other nicer newer gyms in the valley, this one could use some updates and a bit more friendliness.
5	Love 24 hour fitness! Very clean and they are always cleaning it.    The best part is is classes ,so many to choose from. The pool is very nice and i have even taken the water aerobics class. It is fun even with the older folks.  The instructors never push you more than you should do. There are locations everywhere,so if you don't have time to go to the class in your area you can travel to another for the class you want. LOVE ,LOVE ,LOVE the sauna and steam room . For the price you cannot get a better deal.
1	What do you get when you mix the smell of mold with the smell of 6-month-old sweat? This 24 Hour Fitness locationI started to feel ill after only 10 minutes of breathing in that horrible smell!Everything from the stationary bikes to the sanitizer dispensers are in disrepair.I hope to be updating my review soon with more stars, but things are only getting worse at this juncture.
2	I feel like I've entered an 80s gym!  Once you've been to a brand new 24 Hour location its had to visit one of their old locations.  This location is somewhat close to my house but I only go if I really want to work out.  Most of the treadmills don't work and a couple of the ellipticals make squeaking noises.  I wish and hope there's some upgrades planned for this location soon.
2	Unfortunately there are not a lot of gyms in the area, so I continue to attend this one....tempted to just start working out at home though!The ac has been out for the past couple days. I unfortunately didn't realize it was out until I was upstairs (where everything is) since they put a sign on the door with such small print, i didn't even notice it until I left. They handed out bottles of water, but still. Called today and it was still out. I have a hard time believing they were in any way proactive to prevent this...the ac unit was pouring water last week with a huge puddle right by outlets & cardio equipment. Most of the time, it's pretty hot in there as it is...makes working out in the summer more unpleasant! Granted, I visit at a busy time after work, around 5:30 - but many machines are either occupied or not working. I wonder how often they service the machines...most times broken ones don't even have a sign on them. I don't know if they're just old or what, but it's pretty aggravating.  It's so busy in there, many times I'm "stalked" for the machines I'm on...ugh...I hate that.Staff is pretty nice - I don't take any classes so only deal with the front desk people, who are friendly most days.Not that this is extremely important, but the decor is quite dated...still a mauve and teal scheme which appears left over from the days when it was "the Q." Worse it has just a pretty overall drab appearance. BUT I'd be happy if they'd get better equipment, keep the place and the equipment cleaner, and have cool air. The parking lot is NOT safe - my car was broken into a while back and I still see broken glass occasionally.I hope things improve soon, but from what I've seen, I doubt it! They clearly do not spend money on this facility.
2	I've definitely been to better gyms.  It seems that half of the treadmills and ellipticals are not working, which can make a trip to the gym a waste of time if you go after work.  Several times this summer, the A/C was broken, which makes for a not-so-great workout during the Arizona summer.  Even when the A/C is working, it's leaking water all over the floor, which means that several treadmills are unavailable because the staff has to rope-off the area to prevent people from slipping on the floor.I will say that the staff are friendly and the weight machines are functional and spread out enough so that you don't feel like you are working out on top of someone else.  Hopefully they can figure out how to prevent so many machines from breaking because it can be extremely frustrating.
2	I have been going to this 24 H location for two years. When I started it was decent, now it is terrible. Downhill all together. Half the cardio equipment is broken on a daily basis, the smell is terrible in there, always out of sanitizer and paper towels, the front desk clerks are somber and unattentive. The AC was broken on and off throughout the AZ summer and the front desk would deny it was broken one day, then the next day a different person would admit it was broken and in process of being fixed. That whole ordeal lasted a few weeks. The only positive is the classes. They are always enjoyable and the instructors are great!
1	If Kurt Cobain had been here in the summer time, he would have sang "Smells Like Athlete's Foot." Thank goodness, he lived in the Northwest.This 24-Hour Fitness, especially the men's locker room, is disgusting. I took a shower once after a good workout and I had to count the years from my last tetanus shot. Filthy, shaky, rusty partitions in the shower. The rest of the gym has an "I love the 80's" vibe. It's one pastel short of a Richard Simmons' color scheme. There were gym rats who perspire so much at stationary bikes that sweat drips from the machine and forms a pool on the floor. If you have an over-active sweat glands, please have the courtesy to wipe. Worst of all, on my fourth (and last) visit, a petty thief broke my locker and stole all my cash. I reported the incident, filled up a form, and got valuable advice: "Don't use combination lock, it's easy to break." Ummm...really? When some gym members have bolt cutters instead of fitness gloves, it's time to move on to a different gym.
1	Too bad there's not an option for no stars. The only thing more atrocious than the fungal smell and lack of working equipment at this gym is the customer service. Today I cancelled my entire family's membership because I've had enough. After touring three other local gyms - I'm willing to pay the extra money to switch to one that gives a crap about its customers. Having had my membership for 11 years it's a sad move, especially since I pay peanuts - but it's just NOT worth the headache of working out here. When the manager accused me of lying about my child's age, I went back home and brought back her birth certificate to prove I wasn't lying, and still I remained a customer. When the manager bitched at me about not answering the overhead page when it CLEARLY states on the app (in permanent marker) that they MUST call me on my cellular because I am hard of hearing and I run plugged into my iPhone, I stayed a member. Now they're saying I haven't paid up my account even though I have a RECEIPT in my possession from last week, when I paid in person. If this is how they treat loyalty, I'd hate to see how they piss on everyone else. Take my advice - pay the extra few bucks and switch to Gold's, LA, or ANYWHERE else.
5	Thank you 24 hour fitness for helping me get fit! I could not be happier with the wonderful teachers and friendly staff. Taking my yoga skills to the next level thanks to instructors Brijet and Dave. Namaste!
2	The only reason I remained a member here for a year was solely because of the location. As far as price goes, no complaints. But a lot of the equipment is outdated and there is always at least one piece of equipment broken. The gym in general does not feel clean. I would avoid the men's room at all cost. And the free weight area always had a very distinct smell of urine and mold.The trainers were always friendly and would say "hi" but the front desk staff generally seemed more concerned with their conversations amongst themselves then acknowledging members.  When it was finally time for me to move and cancel my membership it took almost a month to get it done. Their first excuse was sorry there's not a manager on duty, it was a Saturday afternoon.. The second time I was given a phone number to call after 3 tries and 20plus minutes of holding I tried going back in again. The third time I tried the front desk guy said "Just go work out and afterwards you can cancel" An 45 minutes later... "Oh sorry the manager stepped out you can come back later today if you want to cancel." This place could not be more poorly run. Other then the convenient location and hours there is not much else positive to say about this gym. I would never recommend this gym to anyone.
2	I agree with a lot of the other reviewers.  The ONLY reasons I continue to come here is 1. location and 2. price.  I would be willing to sacrifice paying more for a gym that was closer to my house then come here if I had too.  The classes WERE great up until this year.  They have redone the class schedule so none of the classes are offered at 6:30.  Why they cancelled classes that were full on a regular basis? I have no idea.  My favorite class is TurboKick, which is now down to only one day a week at 5:30.  The decor is stuck in the 80's, the cardio equipment is a mess.  There have been MULTIPLE occasions where I literally changed elliptical machines 3x before I found one that wasn't broken, and the locker rooms always smell "damp."I'm shocked that with this being a large corporate chain, they wouldn't do anything to make some improvements.  About a year ago they implemented finger scanning check in and now they are re-doing the parking lot.  Love that they are fixing everything but the things that actually affect customers the most!I am considering driving the 15 min extra and going to the Dobson Rd location until my membership runs out.
1	This place is dump. The air filter above the pool has an inch of dust on it. The tow lights in the steam room do not even work. On e light fixture has been almost pulled off the wall. The Jacuzzi water is disgusting. This company does not care at all several of us have told them several times to get it fixed. They just blow us off. Don't join this place!!! I would rather see them go out of business so  a good company would buy it.
1	This place has a great location and I can't complain about the price, but it is gross.  Really, it is gross and broken down.  There is always broken equipment.  You may have to hop machines a few times just to find one that functions.  They stopped giving you a towel so no one wipes down the equipment...ewww!  They never have paper towels or sanitizer in a place that is full of bodily fluids...ewwww again!  I remember the good old days back when it was "the Q" club...clean and fresh.  Can't someone please buy these exercise slumlords out and bring back the good old days!!!
1	Old equipment that is usually broken. There is ALWAYS at least one broken machine, usually cardio. The place is very dirty and smelly. The AC never seems to be working. The front desk staff are usually to busy being on their cell phones or talking to other staff to acknowledge you.  I'm considering driving to 43 ave and bell. That is a nice one!
1	Location is the ONLY reason I go to this gym and I've been going to this location and others for the past five years.  This past fall, I had gone to the gym after a few months hiatus.  I was on the treadmill for 30 minutes then went back to my locker.  It was broken into.  My purse and phone were taken but not my car keys or Smart Water.  I guess the robber must have seen what I drove (hint: it's probably an inside job )  There were only 2 staff members on site, both young men-no women on staff (hint: hint: it's probably an inside job then) A police officer did come and I reported the robbery which was the 3rd in two weeks!  The next day, I spoke with the manager.  The same speech he's probably have told others, you can tell the bottom line is the only thing he cares about.  I lost everything plus a $100 bill which was my b-day money and I've spent over a few grand for membership.  I did receive a refund for 3 months but still REALLY!  'Well you shouldn't leave stuff in the locker.  These people go to gym to gym.  We have signs that tell you not to leave items in the lockers"...ummm it was locked and I've been going here for over four years and have never had an issue until now. If you are having robberies, you NEED to tell people not just a sign!  Plus one of the staff told me they were having major issues this past fall...umm that's not someone from the outside that's a staff member doing the robberies!  I found out last week there were MORE robberies!  So if you are looking for a gym, move on and go somewhere else.  It's not the cleanest gym but I like the sauna and that's about it! And then I get a call that they found my purse and calendar in a locker.  The manager never followed up with me and when I got my items they were sfuffed in a drawer and the staff member didn't even seem to care.  I think it's time for a new staff and management!
4	Overall good place to workout, place is a bit old. Plenty of machines, dumbells and cardio equipment. They have steam room, sauna, spa and a good sized pool, I liked the lighting, its not too bright as all the other 24 Hr Fitness I've been to. The locker room is big and spacious. They even have a cross-fit-ish area at the entrance with huge truck tires. Good location too on Camelback and 32nd.
2	This location started out as The Q, has been around for a couple of decades and unfortunately is showing its age. I considered giving just one star, but it does seem like they've finally started to update this place by doing stuff like removing the unnecessary upstairs desk and replacing all of the old TVs with modern flat screens.However, they still need to go a lot further. I wish they would just close down for a week, completely clean, and repaint the entire place with a new color scheme that doesn't give me flashbacks to the 90s. They also need to fix the tile in the sauna and improve the lighting throughout so it doesn't seem so dingy.Either that or just tear the place down and build a whole new gym.Honestly, if it wasn't for Mickey's Thursday night yoga class I'm not sure I'd make the effort to come to this location.
2	The location is pretty much the only reason I stick with this place-it's right around the corner from my house...the is always a couple broken machines and the place is smelly (not like typical gym smell because I'm a practical person, I realize people sweat...I'm talking needs to be cleaned smell) and couldn't be paid enough to use the locker room.Additionally, there have been a lot of reports lately about cars being broken into and theft. However, the staff is very nice and I get the workout I need so I'll be sticking with it for a while.
5	ZUMBA. Tony, Brandon & RyRy are the fantastic!  I recently moved back to Phoenix from San Diego and even though I have been doing Zumba for a few years, every class is different.  These guys are fun, energetic, motivating, have great play lists and easy to follow, even if you are new to Zumba. I love their classes!!
1	Place is dated. There are always multiple machines broken and when machines break, they are not repaired for quite a long period of time.  Maintenance is clearly not a priority. I inquired as to why maintenance was not a priority but received no response.   Do not join unless you get tour with manager  and discuss maintenance with manager and get comfortable the situation will change.  You do get access at other clubs around country, so I am able to go to other 24 hour fitness facilities and have found other facilities much more acceptable.
3	This is my first time to this 24..I just moved here from Cali, and I am use to half of the equipment being broken. So far so good. It is clean compared to what I am use to, and doesn't have a strange odor. It definitely does the job for what I need. Though its a little far for my taste, it will now be my home gym.
5	I've been training with Brian for about 6 weeks.  So far, I've lost 10 pounds and am so much more toned.  My workouts are never the same.  I feel better than I have in a long time and I actually enjoy working out now!
2	First time at this 24. This place is falling apart. The steam room smells like piss. The sauna is dark and creepy with the boards in the ceiling falling out. Doesn't seem like it's been cleaned or anyone's given a sh*t about  this gym in a while. For shame 24 hour fitness. Also. In California this would be considered a super sport, what the point of a wet area if you don't offer a towel service??
5	I joined the club about a month ago and continued to be impressed.  The club is clean and machines are always in working order. I am very impressed with the staff, from those at the front desk to trainers and managers. I had an interesting experience that illustrates the caliber of those at the facility -- those who work there and those who work out. I accidentally left my tablet on one of the machines when I finished my workout.  I immediately called when I got home and the tablet was where I had left it. I doubt if this would have been the situation at any other sports club!
5	I'm getting married this year and subsequently need to wear a wedding dress.... and look good in it. Joined the gym and signed up for personal training with Andrew F. The gym itself has what I need to get a good workout in. The staff is ALWAYS so friendly. I've never had a problem with unavailable equipment or space. Andrew F. as a personal trainer has been great. He always has a great attitude, and can put a smile on my face even when the going gets tough. Every session is different and I always leave feeling accomplished. He is great with making sure I have the proper body mechanics and modifies exercises for me if need be. I'm getting stronger, I feel better about myself, and I am excited to shop for a wedding dress now! Thanks Andrew F. and 24 Hr fitness :)
4	I've been a member of 24 Hour Fitness for a little over 4 years.  I go to the Camelback location 6 days a week.  The club changed management sometime last fall and I've seen a noticeable improvement.  Machines still break frequently, but they are usually repaired in a timely fashion.  If I notice something is broken, I just let the front desk know and they are very helpful.  I used to see so many "out of order" signs on the cardio equipment and I'm seeing less and less nowadays.  The bathrooms leave something to be desired.  There have been long-standing issues with backed up sinks and broken toilets in the women's restroom.  I've had my locker broken in to twice (once in Oct 2011 and once in May 2013) so now I just change at work and keep my bag with me rather than leaving it in a locker.  Management is aware of the theft problems, as they have hired security to patrol the parking lot and installed cameras.  It seems they are doing everything they can since obviously installing cameras in the locker rooms isn't an option.  I think theft is an issue in most gym locker rooms, so this isn't unique to 24 Hour Fitness or the Camelback location.  I can't complain at all about the staff.  Everyone is very nice and more than willing to help you.  Some of them even take the time to learn your name.  I wish I could remember some of their names so I could give them credit on yelp.  Anyway...overall, I would recommend 24 Hour Fitness if you're looking for a no frills gym.
2	While this place does offer day care, is spacious, has the classes, & everything else it could be cleaner.  Its in a very nice area of Phoenix so I'd expect the expectations to be a bit higher. The place for the most part seemed clean but they could've done better. The day I went was stuffy and warm, wth you have a bunch of people working out and creating so much heat
1	Carpet is torn up, locker rooms are in a sever need of a remodel from 1986. Equipment is old and there are always 5-7 machines broke. Seriously, this should be the crown jewel for Phoenix area 24 hour fitness gyms. Especially for the area. What a let down.
1	What a cluster and a fiasco to get I to a class...people have old passes and different passes which mess up the number of people for the class. 3 of is tried to go to cycle class and didn't get a bike even with a pass and our name on the list. This is the worst location in the valley. I drove 10 mikes to get here...thanks for nothing you guys! I'm sticking to scottsdale. Just wish they had more options for cycle...
3	As an 8-year vet here its obviously a good enough spot to stay a member, but unfortunately the facility ins constantly deteriorating at a faster rate than its being fixed.  With the constant new members, you would think the sign-up fees could help pay for some remodeling!
5	I came from golds where I was forced into a contract without my knowledge. The staff is really friendly, and the trainer Ryan is really helpful. I like that there's kids care for me and my husband. I like the classes, the instructors are high energy, and the classes are never too full. The staff is always walking around picking up trash, and re-racking weights which is really nice to see. I also like the sauna!
2	the carpet is torn, dirty and smell up on the 2nd flooreven tho they vac it every day, its old and needs replacedas a member there about 4 yrs now, its now a health issuefor I sure would not wish to do any type of floor training on it
4	Maybe I come from an area with a lot of crappy 24s....but I thought this one was pretty nice. It was pretty big too...I was almost going to drive another 10 miles to a different one because of the 2.5 stars on Yelp. 2 fitness rooms for various courses. Not something I see much in California. This is a 2 story fitness center. Lower levels house the care center, pool and locker rooms and upstairs with the fitness rooms, weights, and cardio machinery. Plenty of parking outside. Unlike the California 24s I'm use to, they do not lock up the bodypump weights and even have jump ropes for your usage. Thumbs up!
5	This review is for one of the trainers Ian S. I have been working with him once a week for a few months. I was nervous about having a trainer since I was still recovering from ACL surgery last year but Ian is very knowledgeable about sports injuries and has really accelerated my recovery process. His workouts are challenging and effective and he has really helped me tone up and increase my overall fitness level. Highly recommend!
1	Terrible service.   I signed up for a three day pass online then finally got a chance to try the gym.   They told me that the pass expired and offered a one day pass.   The whole point was to try the gym at the times I go to see how crowded etc before I joined.   I'd rather take my business somewhere else if you can't allow someone to try your gym twice one time in the am and one time after work to see how busy and the accessibility to the equipment.
2	this place is a dump.  All of the tiles are cracked and broken along the baseboards. There isn't Kleenex or paper towels in the bathroom, and of course no towel service.  The cardio equipment is old and most of the machines stick since the belts need replacing.  But I did sign up through Costco and it was cheap, so I guess you get what you pay for.
5	I love the 32nd street 24 hour fitness better than any other one I've been to because they have Rick Renzi as a personal trainer. This guy is hands down the best personal trainer out there!!! I've had a ton of personal trainers and fitness plans in my life but he's the guy that gives me the best results!  If you are here or in the area talk to him! He will take care of your fitness needs!
3	When I walk in the spot (yeah), this is what I see (ok)Everybody stops and they staring at meI got passion in my pants and I ain't afraid to show it, show it, show it, show it
4	Let's start with THIS is my playground. It's a frickin gym. Nothing special. It's centrally located, clean and available to me at all the hours I want to go bully the weights. I am not into the classes (explains the one star deficit), but will tell you everything you need to know about kicking the weights around. The weights are plenty though some machines could get more maintenance upkeep due to their popularity, ie the leg machines. The rows of cardio machines are plenty for those of you looking to up your heart rate. Though with the mix of hot yuppies, uber models, beefcakes, the eye candy around is enough motivation to work out without being bored. It is located in the Biltmore/Arcadia area...what do you expect? My fave room is the ab room which has a variety of equipment for you to work on your core and spacious enough without being violated by your neighbor's sweat or wandering eyes. I like that the bathrooms are on the lower level from the rest of the gym so it's not like I have to do a runway walk to change into my gymrat gear. Lockers are readily available with easy access to the sauna, steam room and lap pools. Warning, the hot tub is a hotbed for really bad pick up lines. Like anywhere else, the busy days and peak times you may find yourself waiting on benches or machines. The gym could have updates here and there but the staff is good about addressing issues. I feel like the cleaning crew is always ensuring spotlessness, in fact they work out there too! The trainers are all friendly and approachable as are the patrons if you need to ask about any equipment use or suggestions on varying your routine. For the monthly membership, I have no complaints.
5	I moved to AZ again 5 years ago to be near family, and I chose 24 Hour Fitness purely because many extended family members have been signed up with this gym since its inception.  I remember my cousin Maria's excitement about this great new gym with lifetime memberships for very little money maybe 25, 30 years ago.  Anyway, interestingly enough I have yet to run into ANY family at any time, here, over these 5 years since I tend to workout in the wee hours of the morning, and they don't.  Nonetheless, I've found the facilities clean, friendly and pleasant at all times.  I especially like their zumba classes.  They have many and because of the relationships I've built with the teachers, I would have a hard time leaving to go to the "hipper" L.A. Fitness I'd recently considered switching to.  Yes, it'd be more of a singles' dating scene I'd guess, but I'm happy at 24-Hour Fitness. Why mess with success?  I get my memberships renewed at Costco for $349.99 for two years.  I see my cousins as often as I want by planning a meeting, and maybe I'll soon run into them by surprise as well as I'd been hoping to when one of our workout times changes and coincides.
1	I was  a member here at this location ,..For about 5 months.  I Paid 400 for a personal trainor . I used just one session. Used only one.  And they refused to give me any money back. I did not like the customer service from the front desk people a lot of the time too.   I am now going to L.A. Fitness and it's much better.,,.,Better trainers and much cleaner and friendlier and more proffessional staffing.  IHated losing that four hundred dollars.   This life I guess ,... Lesson learned.
3	Probably the oldest 24 I've seen.  Still had the teal lining from years ago.  Walking into the men's locker room the sign is in neon red like in the 80s. The equipment is outdated but do have a few machines that I really like that never have used before.  The benches have a short support so it's kinda of weird reracking hoping it doesn't fall back down on you
1	Worst possible gym ever. Staff is extremely unprofessional. and equiptment is dirty all the time. Trash is never taken out and sweat is never wiped up. Its a money scam dont expect to walk in without being harrassed for days via phone to join. Its a 24 hour fitness that isnt open 24hours. Nobody who works there is genuine. I say save your money and go to LA fitness or even a youfit. Nothing here is special its over priced mediocre.
