4	Despite being a chain, one of my favorite wine stores is Wine Styles. I've always loved how they categorize their wines and conduct their tastings. Rather than categorize by red, white, type of wine, or region, they categorize by the same flavor families such as crisp, mellow, nectar, bold, and I believe a couple others. They are very knowledgeable about their wines and the staff at this location is extremely friendly and helpful. I've been here twice now and would gladly come back. The first time was almost a year ago and they introduced me to one of my new favorite wines to buy consistently, New Age, as well as that it's better chilled, over ice, with a lime. Yes, sounds odd. But it's been a consistent bottle in my house.Last night we headed there to celebrate a friend's birthday and they were having a complimentary wine tasting for their anniversary with food also. They had some amazing wines on the list, including New Age, which I am sure I have everyone hooked on now, and most of them didn't even try it on ice. They also had this wine-a-rita mix that was to die for. I had like two glasses and bought the mix. It's very good with fruit forward wines.Our party was given our own roped off area outside which was nice considering the gorgeous weather and as a bonus we were then able to listen (and sometimes dance) to the Greek music from the restaurant next door. It was a great place to have a great conversation and enjoy some fantastic wines. This tasting was pick your own from a list rather than everyone having every wine in the same order, and I was impressed at how the staff remembered what we all wanted every time and we had a group of about 14 people.Sometimes I forget about Wine Styles because it's a chain, but I'm always happy when I end up there.
5	A friend told me about the wine club they offer and I went in to check it out. What a great little place. Very cozy with a wine bar, couple of leather seats to relax and a few high top tables all within a great wine store. The wine club provides 2 bottles a month and tons of specials, including discount wine tasting every weekend.  It is great for someone wanting to learn more about wine and get into the hobby.  The owner is knowledgeable, friendly and not a wine-snob.  I feel very comfortable here and relaxed.....
4	Wine Styles introduced me to my new love for malbecs (Argentinian Red). This store is very user friendly because they categorize by wines with similar flavors such as bolds, mellow, crisp and others. How many times have you been to a store to pick out a cab or merlot and picked a bottle at random, sometimes by the color of the label or the ring of the name and have no idea what the wine would taste like? Wine Styles effective system leaves me confident in the bottle(s) that I choose knowing that it will have a similar taste of wine with other wines in that category. They also have monthly wine classes, which I have taken and enjoyed very much. Classes are reasonably priced. Weekly wine tastings are pleasant and they offer complimentary food (fruit and cheese and crackers) as well.
5	Went in there to ask a few questions and look for a specific wine opener. They were very helpful! Highly recommend it!
5	Attended a Meetup group here last week.  I was very impressed with the service and the very tasty wine selection during the tasting.  I scheduled a meetup here for March and I know it will be wonderful.
5	All my friends know that I am not a fan of chains but I LOVE this place. Winestyles on Tatum and Shea is my Cheers. I am greeted by familiar faces on every visit and the staff is always suggesting wines they know I will love. The wines are priced nicely and the tastings are a steal. Kudos to Kara and her team for providing such great customer service!!
5	It was Mom's Night Out and we had a blast!  The service was great and the wine was excellent.  They were very friendly and helpful.The cheese tray was a nice compliment to the wine.  They have a nice selection and in everyone's price range.
5	Some friends and I started going here a couple of months ago after our old wine bar shut down. I've been very happy with this new place we are starting to call our new wine home. The wine prices are good and they have a nice selection of beers as well if wine isn't your thing. The staff is friendly and service has always been good for us. They also have a wine club that is well worth the money. They offer a full calendar of events each month from wine tastings to live music. Just want something to munch on while sipping on some wine? They offer some nice cheese trays and chocolate trays too...if you want something more they will allow you to bring in your own food (as long as it's not what they sell there). I'm happy we found this place and have started making a weekly trip here.
4	Nice little wine shop with a good cross selection. Very friendly staff. My regular stomping grounds for a wine tasting or browse is now non-existent ...closed ...kaput. Hurray for Winestyles, I'm now a fan
5	I took a friend out on a date here for their Wednesday night wine tasting earlier this summer. They were hosting some sort of political rally/party but despite being swamped and busy the staff managed to be VERY attentive to my date and I and once the rally was complete her and I were able to stretch out a bit more and enjoy the now-quiet and intimate atmosphere of Winestyles. They had a fantastic selection for their tasters of the month and the staff was very knowledgeable and helpful! It has been two months since that night and it appears our date night at Winestyles is all my friend can talk about! Now that the school year is back into full swing and we are both back in town we are hoping to become regulars and perhaps even members of the wine club!Keep singing,-Jerron
4	Wine Styles is a national wine boutique, but it has a wonderfully intimate and personalized feel - not something you would expect from a franchise.What I particularly loved about WS is that the wines are organized by different styles instead of types of grape or region it was grown.  This makes even the first wine tasting more...palatable.  Profiles include Crisp, Silky, Rich and Bubbly for whites and Fruity, Mellow, Bold and Nectar for reds.  Furthermore, you can learn a lot about the wine's notes and flavors as well as suggested pairings simple by reading the descriptions posted by the bottles.  Without even doing a tasting, you can leave here feeling certain you have learned something.To really get a sense of a wine room, a boutique, a winery - a tasting is an absolute must.  For me, it's always an education in wine.  And I continue to be impressed with the extensive knowledge our sommeliers have.  I learn something new every time, and this ride with Baccus was no different.I reserved a wine tasting for four.  When we arrived, our table had a personalized menu of the wines we would be sampling.  It included five wines, ranging from crisp to bold.  As mentioned, wines are separated here by flavor, not by region.  We sampled Australian savignon blanc, italian pinot grigio, 2 very different californian cabernet sauvignons, and a californian pinot noir.  Through our tasting we learned about what can create the distinctive bouquets in certain wines, how soil and climate can affect the overall nose, and what makes the grapes we sampled unique.  We paired the wines with some cheeses ranging from Stilton to Pecorino, and had a thoroughly enjoyable flight.Prices of bottles from our flight ranged from $13.49-$24.29.  I did purchase an Italian Moscato and their signature favorite "New Age."  The "New Age" was spectacular!  Light, crisp, sweet but not overindulgent.  Moscato had too much honey notes but I was overall pleased.  Those two bottles totaled about $23.WS does have great deals such as their 6 for $60.  This includes forty different bottles that can be purchased for $10 a piece.Happy Hour is from 4-7p, and features $2 off a glass of wine.Wine tastings are Wed, Fri, and Sat.  Check their calendar on the site.Tea Time is Tuesdays from 5-8p.Live Music and Tastings are on Wednesdays.Furthermore, find Organic Wine tastings, beer tastings, and Movie Sundays as well.Definitely a fantastic place for a date, or relaxing and educational evening with friends.Join the Wine Cluv for $34.99/month.  Receive two bottles of wine per month, 10% off wine purchases, 1/2 price wine tastings for 2, 15% off case purchases.Cheese plates served to complement wine tastings.  Choose from about five different cheeses, crackers, dip, and fruit.
