4	It's fun... gets down and dirty... and it smells like cars. :-)Things here are functional... not necessarily pretty, but you're at a racetrack and you're there to either drive fast, or see others drive fast, and it doesn't matter how "pretty" something is.I've been going to this place and the other drag tracks since before I can remember with my uncle who drags for the NHRA.I love to hear the cars go racing down the track. You can't beat it... except maybe with jet noise, but there's no jet racing tracks. :)The cool thing about this place is that you can do the "Test and Tune" for your own bone stock car.I know... I've done it myself with my Scion, which is BONE stock baby.  I had a blast working out my timing and everything.  It's especially fun when you get someone you know out there who brags that their car is faster than yours... and then you can prove that you really are faster than the big mouth.It's cool to see how it works, but I see how it can quickly become an addiction... not unlike tattoos or gambling.*NOTE*I must appease my inner auto claims adjuster. If you take your car out there and crash it (which does happen even to stock vehicles)... ANY TYPE OF SPEED CONTEST (be it here or on the public roads) IS NOT COVERED BY YOUR PERSONAL AUTO INSURANCE. You have to buy special racing insurance to cover racing and the car.  I have seen stock Mustangs go out there and roll their cars because they got squirrely and overcorrected, their tire caught on the sticky track and blam... roll over. Not covered.
5	Glamis Status parties every other SAT. They have anything you ever want to do with playing in the dirt. BMX, MOTORCROSS, MUD BOG, SAND DRAGS, FREE STYLE TRACK, RC CAR TRACK, LEGIT STREET QTR MILES DRAGS.
4	Support the local racing scene and visit Speedworld.  There is something for everyone here. Motorcycles, rc cars, sand drags and much more!  It is a great family friendly environment!
4	If you're going to race, do it legally and safely. ;-) The track is very distant if you live in the East Valley, but often is open much more frequently than Firebird Internatonal Raceway (FIR). They cater to non-sanctioned drag racing. That is, bracket-less, Friday night drags are welcome here. However, this track has plenty of room to improve they want to attract more patrons: - Lighting: Poor. At night, you will need to drive super slow as there is minimal lighting after the entrance and the pits. It appears the only lighting is visible near the staging lanes. If they added more lights, it would be safer to get around their property. - Track surface: Slick. It could just be the few passes I made, but I was still slipping as I shifted from 2nd to 3rd gear. There is a definitely a big difference in this track over FIR. Then again, could be just coincidence that my lane was slick. Also, the water box is quite large and difficult to not drive in if you don't want your tires wet. - Staff: Direct, but not very helpful. For a first time at the track they told me where Tech Inspection was, but they pointed off into the darkness. Again, due to lighting, I was lost. But after a few minutes you figure out the routine. If the staff could be a little more helpful, it would be great. - Parking Lot: It's mostly dirt. Your car will become very dusty. (They have a dirt track right next door.)All that said, I still had a good time at Speedworld. They're really trying to compete with FIR, by being interactive across social media and running various promos to encourage people to attend. If they make these improvements and offer occasional incentives for the trek out to their strip, I'd be a regular. It's not their fault, but their distance makes it difficult for many Phoenix area racers to attend. However, FIR is frequently closed on Fri/Sat nights and Speedworld is open. Always check their site to be sure.
