4	Finding a place that you trust to take care of you child is not easy. Finding a place that  you trust AND that your child LOVES to go to is even harder! We were lucky to find such a place at Susie's Mama Bear!Susie's Mama Bear is a family-owned business. Someone is at the front desk to greet you... personal service instead of just signing in to a computer system. They don't just get to know the kids, they get to know the parents (and even the grandparents) too! Having that kind of family atmosphere makes me feel safer about leaving my child there. They all know who each child belongs to. The staff has been terrific. They are friendly and send home a daily report letting you know what your kid did and ate that day and sometimes who their best friend of the day was. Our kid loves the teachers, and they have done a great job of preparing the kids for Kindergarten - letters and sounds, counting, writing their names, etc.  Susie's Mama Bear has lots of fun activities throughout the year. The kids always look forward to the "Country Fairs" and meeting Santa and the Easter Bunny. They also have visits from "the music man," "the library lady," a nurse, a dental hygienist and others who teach them wonderful lessons (like washing your hands and brushing your teeth correctly).The breakfasts and lunches they serve have really helped expand my little picky eater's palate. They provide a variety of nutritious (and delicious) food.The owners have been wonderful. I won't lie and say there were never any issues, but when there were, the owners listened to us and we could see that they immediately worked to resolve any problems we had. They care about the kids!The building is a little older and they may not have the latest technological day care advances like video monitoring, but they more than make up for it in the personalized attention and care they give the children. I recommend this place to all my friends looking for a daycare!
1	We decided that Tutor Time was just too expensive and their policies SUCK so we decided to switch and heard good and bad things about Susies Mama Bear. We looked at a few places and for the price ($33 a day) we decided to try them out!The facilities arent state of the art, they arent very large and the school is kind of tucked away but none of that bothered us in the least. My son is 18 months and as long as he has fun and is safe thats all we cared about, besides the place isnt a dump.We have been going for 2 weeks now and have already decided to pull our son out. When my girlfriend picked him up last week the person was changing his poopy diaper and left poop on his butt, then when my GF told her and asked her to wipe it up she was given attitude and a smirk! Everytime you go and pick up your child you are given a "security" coin that you give to the teacher to get your kid, when my GF gave the teacher the coin she said "whats this?".....really....The next time she dropped him off she asked what they were going to do today and the teacher said "I dont know I wasnt given the schedule yet". We drop him off later, around 9-10 usually.  My GF tried talking to management and they didnt seem to do much, though we were only there 2 week maybe thats not long enough for them to implement change or maybe it was just one complaint and they dont do anything until they get 5, I dont know. So I dont know if they are between teachers or if we just caught them in a bad time or what is going on but thats just too much bad mojo for my family. Not sure where were going next but were leaving here.
1	I had quite an awful experience with Suzie's Mama Bear several years back.  It's been a while since it happened (about 7 years ago), but I definitely believe it is a cautionary experience worth sharing. I am now severnteen, but a while back ago, I used to be enrolled in Suzie's Mama Bear after school. It was just about the worst daycare experience I could describe for a child, but given my age, I was not able to articulate it to anyone. The daycare, as I remember it, was a wild mess. Children were swearing all over, and none of the adults there would do anything about it. I had a dietary restriction to where I could not have milk, so my mother personally instructed them not to give me regular milk and brought them the milk substitute I should have drank for during snack time. The lady in charge never even bothered to use it, so I was unknowingly drinking regular milk each day without knowing it and having my health harmed.One day, I was pushed by one of the older kids who was at the daycare, as bullying was quite normal there. I fell on my arm the wrong way and broke my wrist in multiple areas. I had to repeatedly ask the adult there to call my mom over the course of an hour before she actually instructed someone to make the phone call. Then, I had to wait about an hour and a half for the staff to actually call my mother because they seemed to view it as low-priority, thinking I may have just hurt myself. By the time I had arrived at the emergency room, it had been over three hours since I broke my wrist. Since then, I don't know what sort of changes have been made with the daycare, but I wanted to share my perspective. I definitely do not think this is a place anyone should be taking their children.
4	My daughter has been coming here for about 3 years. She started out in the baby room and is now in the 4 year old class. She absolutely loves it here. Its a small facility so all of the children and staff are close knit which makes her feel very comfortable being dropped off each day. I also like that they give you a chip each day when you pick up your child. You then give that chip to your child's teacher. This ensures that someone that is not on your child's pickup list cannot get your child. There have even been a few times that I wasnt given my chip and I went to retrieve my daughter and even though they know me, they still required me to go back and get one. I really like that they are cautious in that way. Everything they do in class is also based on an age appropriate curriculum. In the 4s classroom they even start doing homework. Absolutely love it.
