4	This is another very good Charlotte Library.  The wireless connectivity is quite good.  The collection of music and movies is very good. (South Regional might be a little better)  This is an oasis in the commercial wasteland that is Southpark.
4	Funny how we've been conditioned to instantly whisper as soon as we step inside a library. It has been years since I've been to a public library! I was pleasantly surprised at all this branch had to offer...for free! (Well, I am happy to witness my tax-paying dollars at work.)There are a lot of computers, DVDs, CDs, magazines, and, of course, books! There were designated places for quiet studying or for using your cell. It was fun getting acquainted with what I could borrow...and I tapped into the memories of my childhood...I was a big fan of the Nancy Drew mysteries back in the day.Getting a library card is easy. If you don't want to fill out an application there, you can do it online. They also make it convenient to check out or return to and from other branches.Wow, talk about a newly discovered gem! Thanks, public library for saving me money on buying books, when I can borrow for free! How did I ever forget you?
4	This library location is pretty good.  I've used it a lot through high school and starting to use it again to study have a good place to go free from home distractions and chores.The area I use the most is the table area, but it can get quite loud sometimes depending if there are study groups - but usually everyone is pretty respectful.I felt really dumb the last time I came after work to study some material.  And spent a lot of time studying the area in the corner that said "Cell Area" and right below it was a map of the city of Charlotte.  It took me a while to figure out why the library had a cell phone map covering the city, but those two things were separate.   I am pretty positive that the map was there first and then a courtesy "Cell Area" was placed there in the corner as to not disturb too many people in the quiet zone.   I still feel pretty stupid about how much time it took me to come to the conclusion.
3	I love, love, love this library! When I first moved back to Charlotte, it took a couple of weeks to get my home Internet set up and since this is right around the corner, I spent several days here so that I could have some ability to browse. And when I wasn't surfing the 'tubes, I was reading a book or watching a DVD that I borrowed from here. A really great selection of fiction, non-fiction and reference materials. Plus free wi-fi and free Internet terminals if you don't have your laptop.On two levels with all sorts of stuff in all sorts of places, the staff here is very friendly and very helpful. It's a super clean facility, as one might expect for the SouthPark neighborhood. Clean bathrooms, too.
4	I like this location a lot. Ample parking space is always a plus. There's lots of seating upstairs where you'll find many people studying away or bored and playing solitaire, the books I want are usually available and the main level has pretty good reading suggestions.There's a good selection of dvds as well, the rate of $2 for 3 days is cheaper than redbox so check it out next time you're in the mood for a movie! They keep pretty current dvds, and the older dvds are free to check out. A decent speed Wifi is available after a short login screen for all who need it. Printing services were a little hard to get the hang of for me but after a bit of fidgeting I'm a pro at it.Self checkout is really fast and easy as is renewals! The only problem is they need to turn up the heat a bit, it gets a bit drafty in here in the winter.
4	I love this library. It just keeps getting better. I was actually pretty sad about 5 years ago when the county decided to do budget cut on library hours. This location has the most friendly staff I know of. Amazing selection of book, this location and the downtown location has the best selection out of all the Mecklenburg library branches. The kids area has bean bag chairs, play stations, sofas and computers set up to play kids games. I was one of those who relied on the amazing kids CD  games they have here to satisfy my imagination when I was younger haha.The upstairs central study area overlooks a magnificent fountain, tell me another's library that has this kind of view. When you get bored of studying, go outside and sit on the lawn by the fountain, it is so relaxing.There is a teen section in the second floor, they even break it down by kids, young audit/teens! How nice...two side of the library upstairs, fiction and nonfiction. Both of the areas aside from the main study space have additional study spaces. Harris teeter is also walking distance from here, right next door. You can go get your Starbucks there or grab a sandwich if you are hungry. Wireless printing, good lighting, ample study space, ample outlets, good book selection, courteous, friendly and helpful staffs. Pretty good people who come here.
4	Just a nice, bright, clean library. It seemed to have a pretty good selection of books and videos for grown-ups to check out, as well as the now mandatory internet stations. The children's section is generous and well-stocked, with lots of books and also play stuff, magnetic letters, dress-up, and a puppet show setup.Another nice thing is that they seem to have a lot of classes and workshops. They have storytimes for kids of various ages, also therapeutic storytime with animals, web design seminars for teenagers, just a nice variety of things. Check the char-meck library website for schedules.Rest assured, there is still good reason to get a library card!
2	This is the third time that I have been to this library. While it appears nice and feels comfortable, it is not the place to go if you would like quiet.I am presently sitting on the second floor, on a 'love' seat, while typing this via my laptop. Let me just say that it is noisy. There are children downstairs, and their voices echo up here. It sounds like they are sitting right beside me. Every noise can be heard and seems somewhat amplified. In addition, people who enter here seem to forget what library etiquette is. Cell phones ring repeatedly, music plays on occasion; people text message and seem to overlook the fact that their phone is beeping with every press of the characters. People are having conversations at the tables; a few are quiet, but even fewer talk loudly and seem to forget that THIS IS A LIBRARY!!!So, while it may be fun for some, IT IS NOT THE PLACE (CONTRARY TO POPULAR BELIEF OF LIBRARY ETIQUETTE) FOR PEACE AND QUIET.Right now, a woman is allowing her two kids to roam around and they are talking loudly; one is calling for her, and she seems to be ignoring him.You may get a total of 30 seconds of quiet; then, the voices get louder, noises interrupt the peacefulness. So, it is fun for families and kids and if you are tolerant of hearing conversations around you; but it is probably not the place for going to do schoolwork on your laptop or to write a report that requires an immense amount of concentration.Appearance? Great.Atmosphere? Good.Noise? Loud.Safe? Very. I don't see people eying my belongings or see any fighting or violence.
4	I like that this library has flexible hours. Other libraries in the Mecklenburg county are usually closed on Thursdays and Sundays which can be an inconvenience. There is an extensive children's book section but I wish the play area was bigger. Other that my visit went smoothly and i'll be back.
4	If you love architecture you'll love the Charlotte Mecklenburg Library ! Was not planning on going but came upon it and went in to take a peek and wound up spending much time (and money in gift shop) in it. It has neat exhibits and it's a fun place to people watch too. Will go back on next trip.
