3	The only downfall to this place, is if you tell me a prescription will be ready at a certain time, and I come 30 min later, please make sure it is indeed ready on time.
1	Since they are "on the clock" and getting paid, YOUR time doesn't matter!  I don't care if you're buying a greeting card or having a prescription filled - you will have to wait, and wait, and wait!  If you need to practice patience, start somewhere else.  This place is like the Stanley Cup without benefit of a stick!
1	If I could give them a rating with NEGATIVE five stars, I would do that.Strike 1.  When you pick up prescriptions, sometimes when the person helping you is at their computer at the middle island, they speak really loudly and ask you for your personal information to verify your identification.  You have to damn near yell out your answers, and everyone can hear you.  Do they not realize the concept of identity theft?Strike 2.  I dropped off my prescription at 11AM.  The pharmacist asked me what time I wanted to pick it up.  I told her 3PM.  I pulled up at the pick up window a little after 3PM.  Guess what?  It wasn't ready.  She said "We got backed up.."  She asked me to come back for it in 15 minutes.  I guess I should have just told them that I needed them ASAP and that I would wait in the store for my prescription.  Strike 3.  I brought back a prescription because it wasn't the "cream" that they usually give me.  I explained to the pharmacist that this new one is more of a cream and my original medication was more of an ointment.  I also explained to him that the new one doesn't work for me because I tried it before and my skin just doesn't respond to it.  This guy was less than sympathetic.  On top of that, he seemed a little irritated that he may have to special order the item I needed.   He just looked at me with that "Are you done?" look..  -----------------------------------------------------------The people that work in the store part of CVS are nice and helpful.  A couple of them are even sweet.Do you ever look at people while they're doing their job and think, "this person shouldn't be in this line of work"?  That's what I think of every single person that has ever "helped" me at this CVS Pharmacy.
3	It's a CVS.  Convenient to work to get our prescriptions.  Also, sometimes they carry the Pepsi Throwback.  And when Pepsi is on sale, so is the Throwback!  Other than that, a pretty typical drug store.  Usual assortment of over-the-counter remedies, first aid supplies, cosmetics, and a few foods.  Nothing extraordinary.
5	Awe, I hate that out of all of the people that shop at this cvs the only people that reviewed were negative. I have lived in this neighborhood for 3 years and have frequently shopped at this cvs and have had a wonderful experience every time. The staff is so friendly and welcoming. A really sweet woman on the day shift remembers me from when she developed my wedding photos. The man on the night shift is so awesome! Him and I talk about the weather 'back home' in the Midwest every time I'm in the store. I love that they remember me here. I get the warm and fuzzy a every time I shop here. The employees are just good people.
