1	Taco Bell, Taco Bell, Taco hell how does your garden grow, with all the grease you serve in your food I just don't know!!  It seems taco bell through out my life goes through cycles of crapness to craptastic!  So like 20 years ago, it was like you ordered taco bell you would get grease tacos with some lettuce and something that resembled cheese. Then like 10 years ago it was like "Yo Quiro Taco Bell" with that little annoying fucking Chihuahua which was OK Taco Bell was kind of hip and tasted craptastic, remember according to the movie Demolition Man with Sly all restaurants will eventually turn into Taco Bells...this thankfully will never happen. And once again Taco Bell is now crapness food that is similar  to Filberto's only good if you are somewhat drunk and nothing else is open. I told myself I would never go here again after gas prices got up to around 4 bucks and I went in to order two chicken soft taco supremes, and it was like 6 bucks for just the two of them, and I was like are you fn kidding me? They said they had to raise their prices due to the rising cost of fuel.This is right about the time they came out with their value menu of you can get a tortilla filled with baby poop for 79 cents campaign, I recently made the mistake of hitting the drive thru one hungry drunk night and  remembered why I vowed never to go there again.My check was like 10 bucks for what I think were 4 soft tacos and a large drink, they could have been something someone puked into a tortilla with some lettuce and some bile for that matter, I was sick for two days...literally. I will never go to this location again, except maybe to protest the poisoning of the people by a huge corporation...eat here at your own risk it could be your last meal.
1	Once again I went to this location with the same results...they totally screwed up my order, I got a grilled chicken stuffed burrito, this thing was literally all tortilla and nothing else folded and burned into what kind of resembled a burrito. Garbage seriously tastes better then anything at this location. I have lost all faith in Taco Bell. SERIOUSLY NEVER AGAIN!!!!!
5	First of all... the 5 star review is for this location and staff only. All you people that were dissatisfied with the way your food tasted were going into the food experience at TacoBell with way too high of expectations to begin with. It's fast food, hello! It's not gonna be awesome. I mean you are paying less than a buck for some of the stuff on the menu. I doubt anyone goes here unless they are broke, in a hurry or drunk. I have to give this location props tho, they are super nice and friendly. Always a "Hello, welcome, how is your day going?" when I pull up to the drive through. Big smiles when I get to the window. Then the topper, "Have a great day, come back and see us soon!" I mean seriously, they are great! I am usually there once a week, usually after a long day and they always seem to perk me up. After the less than two words spoken and sour faces I get at Wendy's this place is awesome. Seriously, go compare the two places and tell me I am not spot on. Happy Belling! :-)
3	Every time I've gotten pizza here I've had to either wait 10 min or it was past the time it should be served by. At least when i waited i knew the pizza was hot out of the oven!
4	What can you say about Taco Bell other than fresh and still reasonably affordable. Consistently quality food. Wish there were more around to be honest...:)
4	Taco Bell has really improved over the years as they are simply the cheapest fast food option.  Most locations are serving up bigger portions such as their bean burritos.Few years ago you buy a burrito and would get very little beans and taste mostly tortilla.  However, today you buy a burrito and you can enjoy your beans and sauce from the first bite to the last for just 99 cents.I love their tostadas and even those are loaded now !
1	i never thought i would say this but i hated this place they were disrespectful messed up my order and accused me of lying showed my receipt and got no apology or anything i almost hauled off and slapped her ass
1	Had to call the police to get a refund for my food we waited 15 minutes the food did not come. I asked for a refund they reefused so I had to call the police when the police got there they gave me my refund I have never had to call the police on any kind of establishment before.NEVER AGAIN WILL I GO HERE!!
