4	3.5-4 stars. I have lived at the Millenium for about a year and have a lot of insight if you're thinking about moving in.Maintenance: Fantastic! I had some issues in the beginning with my water heater, closet door and I've had a recurring issue of my shower curtain bar coming down oddly enough. They come in and go out of their way to make sure you're happy with your apartment. They are professional, fast and extremely approachable. Millenium is a new complex so it's a given that things go wrong but the maintenance staff does an awesome job overall of getting things done and going above and beyond.Office Staff: As long as you are paying your rent on time and in general following the rules you should have no problems. The staff calls me by name which is pretty incredible considering the size of the place. I really think they have some of the nicest managers of any property I've lived at! That being said they can't bend the rules for you in any way considering they are at the mercy of a corporately managed property. Gym Facility: fairly small - although there are two levels it can't really accommodate more than four or five people. They offer in-house training which seems great unless you are just trying to use the machines (which the trainers hold even while the people are not using them)-it can be extremely annoying. They only have two ellipticals and one makes an awful noise ...and it has for awhile. I brought it to their attention but they had already known about it so hopefully that gets fixed soon. The equipment is fairly nice though and I like the fan feature. The gym has a stand-up tanning booth for all you faux sun fans - the area looks clean and they offer free lotion and towels. Coffee Bar- They always have candy and cookies for residents. They also have a flavia machine which rocks my socks off. The only bad thing is they don't have lids and it's only open during office hours - which can be later on weekends and way past the time I am at work on weekdays...not exactly convenient for your morning coffee fix. Pool/Hottub- The hot tub is a joke. It is NEVER hot. It's really barely warm- I've complained twice.  The pool is nice in the summer months and is well taken care of. There aren't a ton of chairs but I usually didn't have a problem finding a spot if I get out early. They have some fun events out there too which is really cool.Grounds- They really do have a poop problem - BUT it's really lazy dog owners that are causing this issue because they do put signs up and even offer doggy clean-up stations throughout the property. The inside area's are always newly cleaned. This is the first place I've been to where they power washed the garages = awesome for allergy sufferers like myself. Events- Sushi nights, Dessert Buffets, Football tailgates, DJ'd pool parties, brunch . They do events well and they do them OFTEN. Great job in this arena! Apartments -They skimped on some things - such as the flimsy plastic towel racks/shower rod...and drawers are much smaller than they appear to be (open them!)...no tubs only showers in some of the apartments. Overall though they are pretty nice in terms of quality- nice floors, granite counters , wood blinds and huge windows. I liked that first floor apartments have double bolt locks (safety first) and all have security systems installed. My appliances worked well - and I have an amazing washer/dryer set that I plan on purchasing for myself when I leave. The noise levels are high though- you WILL hear your neighbor walk around and doors slamming in the morning. Party-wise it's not really an issue. The people who live here are younger ( think 23-35) but this place is not a frat hangout. The fire alarm going off was a HUGE inconvenience but it appears that they remedied that situation as I haven't been woken up by an alarm in over a month (knock on wood)...  Location/Cost- The location is awesome and I mean really really awesome. I love Southend- hop on the lightrail or walk up-town. Awesome local bars in the area (Common Market & Gin Mill being two of my favorites).  Art museum and cool little shops...something for everyone! You are really in the middle of everything so I definitely think that's a huge perk of this place. Because of the awesome location the cost of this place is soaring and my rent was raised by $1200 this year ! Studios start in the 7s and one bedrooms are about $1,000 (common for the area). You pay a price to live here but overall I was very happy. I am moving out this year but may return in the future.
4	Just an update- we have not had ANY fire alarm issues so that is now a non-issue ! I did forget to include information on parking- which is a huge B! If you are not home by 9 and happen to park in the first floor - you have to park on the 6th floor - yikes for grocery shopping! The garage is so narrow it actually makes me dizzy by the time I get to where I need to park. They also have very few guest spots- that double as potential resident spots. 12 spots for 2 huge complexes is really unacceptable.
4	Indoors: The apartments still appear fairly new and the kitchen looks great with granite countertops. My favorite aspect, though, has to be the large floor-to-ceiling windows. Location: This is smack dab in Southend. It's a 10 minute walk to the edge of Uptown, but it's also right next to the Bland St. rail station which will take you all the way throughout Uptown. The Southend community has many small shops, a few restaurants (The Common Market, Phat Burrito, and Price's Chicken Coop come to mind), and bars a plenty but unless your room is right next to them you don't hear much noise. In terms of safety, the apartment complex is gated and I haven't seen many sketchy characters loitering. Noise: For the most part, it's a quaint apartment complex except when during weekend parties--particularly around holidays. This really, though, is dependent on your actual location. Apartments located near the center pool/courtyard area and those right next to the rail tracks (which run till approximately midnight) get the most noise. Pool: Large but shallow (deepest point is 5 feet). There's also a normal-size spa. Usually the spa is occupied as well as various people tanning around the pool during the daytime. On weekends, people tend to barbecue. Gym: Most crowded at night around 9 or 10pm. There are 2 treadmills, 2 ellipticals, 5 stationary bikes, and various weightlifting items on the second floor. Overall, it's a great place to live for young professionals who work in the city and especially nice if you don't want to live right next to work.
2	Overall, this place is too expensive for what you get. I might recommend it if you are a fresh college grad moving to work in uptown Charlotte. In my experience the front desk staff is generally rude and unaccomdatingThis used to be one of the best options in south end. With all the new places popping up along south boulevard, you might as well skip mosaic and take advantage of the month or two free rent the new places offer. Relatively quiet, but depends on where you live in the building. The pool doesn't get any sun based on where it is located, and it's too crowded to really use. You can't beat the convenience and location, but you pay for it, and to the staff, you are just another $$$.
