3	It's a bank, a bank , a bank. There are two ATMs in the drive through, one ATM outside and then you can go in to the bank. The drive through is the most popular and that is what I use when I can. I always feel really bad when I have checks to deposit and make people wait. The only time that is inconvenient is when they close the ATMs to do maintenance or change the money. Going inside the bank, the line generally goes fast. Of course the days to avoid that would be payday Fridays. Service is as expected and friendly.
2	This bank is convenient, and the ATM machines are in good repair most of the time, and the staff are motivated (see comments below). The hours are established bankers' hours, the interior of the bank is well-maintained, but the furniture looks like it was rented from Rent-A-Center. Parking is FUBAR. Driving a car anywhere near this business is a GEICO commercial waiting to happen.The reason why I rate this specific bank low is because, part and parcel, it is a Bank of America bank and that alone speaks for itself. But when I went to conduct business that required me to interact with a member of management, I felt like he was asking questions he had no business asking related to the business I was conducting. In short, he was wayyyyy too nosy! To punctuate my displeasure with his questions, I answered his most-aggressive question with "And would you like to know whether I am wearing boxers today, or briefs? Because frankly d00D you're all up in my junk, I thought you'd probably want to know..." Six customers and two tellers started busting up laughing, and there was one female bank officer with glasses who turned a bright shade of red. I guess I wasn't the only one who noticed this manager was obnoxious.
2	Not a Bank of America fan, but this was somewhat nice. It was just convenient and better than the other one on Blue Diamond.
4	Love the convenience of depositing money in the atm,I'm a tip earner so I like to deposit everyday I work,its easy no envelope needed and my money goes into my account immediately
3	I'm not very fond of the layout for the tellers where it seems a bit crammed, but they have a decently sized sitting area.   They also have a greeter that manages the line flow which is helpful.  Parking is like.... parking at a Walgreens.  It's very crowded and there are cars coming in and out all the time when I was there.  Basically?  This means that this particular banking center is a well trafficked area.  So if you don't want to wait for service?  Might want to avoid here.I worked specifically with a banker named Gia Tongol (I believe that's her last name).  Awesome gal.  Answered all of my questions dealing with my account and was able to find out about anything that she didn't know about (which wasn't much).As far as service goes, she did everything I asked of her and was very cheerful and good with conversation.   Everything else in the transaction seemed to go fairly smoothly.I don't go into banking centers often, so it was nice to actually take care of business and have it run as smoothly as it did.  Especially when it took less than an hour and I had budgeted more time due to my experiences with general bank services in the past.
5	ive been banking here for quite some time and never had any issues. i handled my personal and business accounts and if there were any questions they were always answered. i ask the tellers how their day is going and we always have good small talks. i always nab a blue lollipop from their bowl on the way out.
5	Sherryll is my bank lady, she's got a great personality and a strong handshake. I trust her with all my business.  Amazing customer service at this location too.  I'm always around, I actually get my nails done in the same plaza too. At Chau's Nail & Spa so I'm being honest.  I've been banking here for over 2 years now, love it. :)
3	Oh my godddddd, it took forever to just take some money out at the teller (I misplayed my bank card). However, when I finally got to the front, Steven was super effort and quite polite. Nice job on hiring him!!!
2	HORRID. I own a business and I do deposits daily. I have never seen a bank more understaffed. Clearly on pourpose because it's ALWAYS slow service. 2 tellers for 15 ppl waiting while the other ppl in the office tap on their keyboard. Very frustrating place to do business with. The tellers are fine and that's the only reason it's not 1 star. The problem is getting to the tellers. Really BOFA u can't afford more help!!!!
5	For once in my life I actually got great service. Keith Graham (teller) was very helpful and courteous. I have nothing bad to say about the service I received. It was excellent. Hire more tellers like him. Usually bofA always gives me problems but not today! Thank you
1	This is one of the bad location branch of BOA.there are always one or two tellers,no more than three!the waiting line always long,just need one transaction need more than 20 mins wait in the line,if you have any other choice, please choose other location
