5	I made a special trip in my rental car to see this marvel. Yes, I confess, I am sucker for a new library. I was not disappointed.  What a cathedral of information. 5 stories high and large, it is one of the best wired and automated buildings I have ever seen.Given that Las Vegas, is an entertainment capital, the University offers degrees and training in the Arts. A collection of the library's main purpose is to ensure the free flow of inquiry into subjects. The catalog reflects the need for information on theatrical , photography and fine arts research.They have an excellent music library. I spent hours in the periodical section marveling at the pristine Billboard and Variety magazines. The subscription for those mags are expensive so it is rare I get to thumb through them. I love charts. I was impressed with the business and gaming industry holdings. In the "New Book" section alone I wrote down 5 titles to see if they are in California. I love money and statistics.After I made friends with the on duty reference librarian. I picked her brain on the information seeking needs of the students and patrons.I also was curious to hear what  the Library and Information Science program is like in Nevada. No Ph.d program for moi! There is no public access for the Internet, that was the only negative. I will go back next time I am there.
4	Coming from UC Irvine, I'm impressed with this library.  The talk of UCI is their Science Library, but the Lied is definitely more elegantly designed and practical.  There are actually quiet zones sectioned off from the rest of the interior of the library and other parts where you are free to talk.  The view at the Science Library doesn't even compare, you have your choice of Costa Mesa or some shopping center, at the Lied, you get a nice view of the Strip!  Oh, and the bathrooms at the Science are disgusting, they smell like a combo of feces and urine - nice and clean here at the Lied.  I do have to knock it for not having a current Current Periodicals section, the papers are all one issue behind.
4	A great University librabry that can hold it's own in terms of technology, efficiency and architecture. Personally I am a bit biased as I am a UNLV student but it seems that many other people seem to share my opinion of this place as well. Hell..... for the past year, it has been my second home.
5	I was pretty scared of Lied Library during my first semester at UNLV. I wandered around the first floor hoping to find books or a map or something, but I ended up just confused and lost.I went back a few months later and explored the library. It's HUGE. It's five floors of books and tables and nice bathrooms (based on University standards, at least.) The library uses an older technology than the public library, but self check out makes it easy to get books and go.Table space is sometimes limited, but there's a ton of it. Computers are also extremely limited, but if you bring your own, there are plenty of tables with outlets and the quiet study room in the Book 'n' Bean never fills.
5	This is the best library in town! They have the the LASR system, which can retrieve certain journals/ mazagines/ articles that you may be looking for. This helps to take out the foot work. I spent numerous hours and days in this library during my college years. I am still spending alot of time in there now, since I have been studying for my CPA exam. It is five floors, with private rooms on each floor. 3rd and 4th floor are the quiet floors if you need concentration. The 1st, 2nd, and 5th floor are the non-quiet floors, which are good for those who need to study in talking groups and dont mind the background noise of others talking. Also, the areas behind the bookshelves on each floor have amazing views, which may or may not help you while you are studying. Sometimes closed rooms get me restless. They are open late during finals weeks. and usually open till midnight during the fall and spring semesters. Also, they are open to the public. If you need to use the many computers available, but are not a UNLV student, you can check in as a guest with the front.
5	I figured I should write a review of this place considering I live here more than I do my own apartment.  I'll start out by saying whats not to love about Lied Library on the UNLV campus?  The place is an architectural gem, no small feat in this city.   The space is absolutely gorgeous and conducive to all kinds of academic pursuits. Need a place to meet for a group project?  Grab a booth on the ground floor or table on the 2nd.  Need peace and quiet to study for a big test?  Plenty of space in the third and fourth floor quiet areas.  Perhaps you're a graduate student and can't be bothered by those pesky undegrads...try the grad student lounge on the third floor complete with computers, printing facilities and a small kitchen.  Its amazing how libraries have grown as a resource to be more than just books.  While Lied's collection is impressive in its own right, their technology capabilities are staggering.  There are over 300 public use computers available if you are a student, less if your a guest and free wi-fi for all if you have your laptop.  They are linked with dozens of other libraries around the west so if you need a book and its not there, they can order it for you.  The LASR system easily catalogs all their peer-reviewed journals and makes getting access to them a breeze.  There are digital subscriptions to most academic databases and the special collections catalog is amazing in some of the treasures they have (the original menus from all the great restaurants of old Vegas, mining claims going back 150 years and the most comprehensive gaming resources in the US).Printing and photocopying is subsidized for students, which is a huge benefit but guest can also take advantage of these services.  Staff is friendly and relatively educated about the various processes within the library.  There is a Coffee Bean in the foyer too which is a life saver.  I love that they let you take food and beverage throughout the facilities, this makes studying so much easier and manageable.  If there are any drawbacks they are minimal.  Parking can be a problem as there are a few spots close that are on meters otherwise student and guest parking is a bit of a schlep.  Also, if you come on a school day, computers and/or space can be at a premium which can get frustrating but it only speaks to the kind of resource this library is.  Lied is a top notch library and in many ways the gem of the UNLV and if not entire Southern Nevada academic scene.
5	I can almost always find what I'm looking for at this library.Whether it be research material, a good quiet place to study, or a hangout spot to do some leisurely reading, this is my place to go.There are 5 floors to choose from. The second and third floors are more of the social areas where I usually can only get work done if I have my headphones on to tone down out all the conversations usually going on.Now, if you want quiet and low ruckus, simply go into the quiet study room areas.  There are even study room areas where you can have private study sessions for group projects or what not.If you're fiendish for some snacks or coffee, they have a coffee shop located on the first floor and are equipped with vending machines. Not to forget, the architecture and interior setup are also a big plus.
4	This place has definitely become known as Club Lied to most UNLV students. I mean, with all the cool, hip night clubs in Vegas, us students had to make sure that when we did have to skip out on the likes of Surrender, XS, etc - we had to at least sound like we were somewhere cool. And thus, Club Lied was born. At last, people no longer had to tell their friends they were going to be lame and study at the library. No, they could simply tell their friends they were going to spend their night at Club Lied - the exclusive, new place to waste the night away. Who wouldn't want to spend their nights here anyway? Five floors of tables, computers, study rooms, oh and books. And now, it has a new addition - Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf is now served [which is way better than the crap the Book n Bean used to sell]. And although you see many people taking a nap at their table... if you're planning on taking a nap between classes, don't bring a blanket. They don't bother you if you just fall asleep, but for some reason bringing a blanket implies you planned on taking a nap there... which they don't like.
5	Came in a week ago (damn gym saying it's closed from OPEN-4 pm), and the current Wall Street Journal was on the stack. Good work! Now if we could only do something about those yellowing Barron's from 2008...
5	I agree with most of the other posts, this library is an excellent workspace, and houses amazing resources.  The library is bright and open, has ample work space (plenty of tables and kiosks), and fantastic views - especially the views of the strip from the sciencey citations on the 5th floor!  Reference computers are abundant, and aside from the angsty student workers at the first floor checkout, staff are very helpful and friendly.  Plus, the LASR (Lied Automated Storage and Retrieval) system is a robotic book grabber for some of the references stashed away in giant compact stacks - how cool is that?!  I wish I had a library like this where I went to college instead of our dark gothic inspired dungeon...
5	Don't think you have to be a student to study here, the doors are pretty open to everyone.  This is one of my favorite spot to study or just read.  Plenty of seats available in the late evening times.  Best thing about this place too is there is a Coffee and Bean inside and a guest wifi available at the hours of 7-12 midnight, which is also the time it closes.Parking can be very hectic if you don't have a student ID.  If you're fit and don't mind the walk, you can park across Maryland Blvd.  Lied Library is very clean and quiet.  I like the fact that it's very well lit inside too, because it keeps me awake from getting bored from studying.  A cool, quiet crowd as well that won't distract your reading.  I'm sure there are plenty of resources and books but not really sure if that's open only to the students, since I bring my own books and materials when I come here to study.
5	very useful. best library i have ever been to.
5	I am in luv.This library is just phenomenal.  Beautiful.  Peaceful.  You get to bring food and drinks in too, so you can be comfortable!Open 7:30 AM - Midnight most days, the Lied library is full of helpful staff and student workers and amazing resources.  I have gotten such excellent help from librarians here, whether in person or via the chat/IM functions online.  I called at 7:30 AM today to get a book sent over from CSN and "sure, no problem!"  I request a print journal and the LASR (Lied Automatic Storage Retrieval) robot brings it down within minutes.  For one of my classes, I video-interviewed the former UNLV President who helped get the library started and funded yesterday.  Then I took our video feeds and equipment from the library (camera, tripod, memory card) to the media lab where my classmate and I can store and edit our video clips, with the help of a full-time staff member.When I am working on statistics projects or dissertation research, I hop up to the third floor's graduate student computer lab where it is quiet and has the software I need.  The lab even sells snacks and has a fridge for those of us who tend to work too hard, camp out, and forget to eat.  When I need articles from journals UNLV does not have, Interlibrary Loan gets them for me ASAP.  I have access to CSN and NSC libraries plus LinkPlus - libraries from the region (just got a book from Azusa Pacific within days) - Utah, Cali, Arizona....Anyone can get what they need here, and remote access from home is just as easy.  Students are so fortunate to have the building and services of Lied Library!
5	Not only is there book selection massive, if they don't have they will order the book from another university: even from California and it will get here in less than a week. This place is architecturally beautiful as well. The technology is incredible and every program you could ever need for college they have and if they don't they will find some way to help you get a hold of it or find someway for you to gain access to using it. They also things called micro-forms which are something similar to film strips that are of old newspapers and periodicals. This library is one of the few libraries in the US hat have those. I'm glad I cam here and not to UNR, no offense anyone out there but this library is like a sanctuary in a chaotic world for me.
5	Libraries are a full-time student's best friend!! During the school semesters, I find myself wanting to study and do homework in the Lied Library! I just get so distracted at home, that I find myself thankful for such a beautiful library! You can't go wrong! You can find everything you are looking for in here!WHO: The library is open to anyone and everyone!! If you are not a student and or do not have a parking permit, I suggest you come after 5pm.  You are allowed to park in the library lot for free right after 5pm.  If you do park in the either garage though, you may get a $20 parking citation!! You can park anywhere else after 7pm!!WHEN: The library times are always changing, so check on the online website before going if you are curious!! When you do get there though, the closing times are usually right by the entrances. KEEP A LOOKOUT!WHAT: There are 5 floors to this library! AMAZING!-1st floor:  On the first floor there are computers you may use (if you have your rebel card and password), scanners, desks, tables, and private areas for silent studying!  If you also need to check a book out for a class, a laptop because there are no computers left, movies/documentaries, and even anatomy & physiology models (which is extremely helpful while studying for lab).  There is of course a time limit for whatever you check-out, so remember to return it or re-check it out if need be!-2nd floor: On this floor, there are journals and magazines if you head toward the back.  There are also plenty of tables where you may study in groups! &, many more computers if the first floor computers are all taken! If you need a more quiet environment, I suggest you move up onto the next floor! This floor usually gets pretty loud (as I have tried to study on this floor, but it isn't labeled  a "silent floor", so up you must go!)-3rd floor: I believe this floor is one of the silent levels, there are also private rooms for group studying.  There aren't a lot, so during finals and midterms week, they are usually packed.-4th floor: Also a silent level! Good for studying!-5th floor: This is where you can find reference books if you are writing a research paper, or need to research just for fun!  If you need to check a book out, you can either go to the circulation desk downstairs, or there are actually checkout stations on every floor, I believe!!*NOTE: One of the best things this library has to offer is the coffee shop downstairs! It closes earlier than the library does so make sure to grab some coffee before you study, bec you'll probably need it!*SIDENOTE: This is probably the only library in the city where you can bring food and eat!! I LOVE IT!! Oh yeah, please throw your garbage away please!!
5	As a huge nerd, it's not often that I get to see something that really blows my mind nerd-wise. I mean, short of actually looking at the Millenium Falcon, what can make your jaw drop?The Lied Library is what. See, the library is huge. It's modern. It has a ton of books. It's really laid-out well. Most of the people there are respectful. All cool things, sure. But amazing? No. Enter that robo-future-awesome thing that automatically grabs books all by itself, with user command, of course (it's not Skynet just yet). It's really cool, and it launches this library to the top. They also have a few meeting rooms towards the front of the library, one of which has a screen, fed by a projector, that is touch-sensitive. It's the coolest thing, my friends. As a student at UNLV, I spent a lot of time here. I loved it, and specially loved the student study rooms in the back that allowed you to study with a group of friends without interrupting the rest of the library. They're great. The librarians here, some of whom I've met in classes, really know they're stuff. Not only in terms of where books are, but online resources that are available gratis to UNLV students. It's just another thing that further brings this place to the top!
5	The Link+ system is really useful, it is an agreement between several schools in Nevada and California to share books so you can usually find what you're looking for. A great way to save money on textbooks if you plan it out right.Don't log out of a computer and log back into another computer later, really annoying system to deter multiple log-ins. It would be helpful if the marker for multiple log-ins was less than five minutes.
5	This was practically my second home for 4 years. Loved studying here. I always went to the library to do my work I had to do.
5	I can still vividly recall the first time I walked into Lied Library. It was August of 2002, and I had made the freshman noob mistake of having classes that were hours apart. I took a map from my bag, located the library and sought refuge from the heat.I can still remember opening the glass doors, my eyes growing wide in excitement as the cool blast of air hit me. There were floors of books! From my vantage point in the middle of the first floor I could see that the book stacks filled up five floors. I still feel excited when I go in to Lied Library or use their website. Of all the things I am nerdy about, my book nerdiness pretty much engulfs them all. If you're new to the library, you owe it to yourself to go on a tour. I was a graduate student before I went into the rare books special collection area. By the way, the best thing about being a grad student is that you can keep books you checked out for months! Lied Automated Storage and Retrieval Unit (LASR) is just as awesome as its acronym suggests. It's a robot hand (oh yes!) that retrieves books for you. The shelves it retrieves the books from are behind a big glass window, so you can witness the awesomeness.Twice for classes I have watched movies in their media viewing rooms. I'm not sure if you can use the rooms if it's not for a class, but I believe you can. They have DVDs and other things you can watch in the library.The meeting rooms and booths are great for meeting with classmates for a group project or study session. As for their website, there are so many things I love. I love using JSTOR or Academic Search Premier to find articles on specific subjects. If they don't have a book you need, you can use LINK+ to request it from another university. LINK+ books have always come in really quickly for me; never more than five days. They also have online collections you can look at. My current favorite is vintage menus from Las Vegas' past.As for the many computers they offer for student use, I've never had a problem with any of them. If you find the main floor has no available computers (this happens during peak usage hours), go to one of the other floors, where you should find an unoccupied computer to use.There are scanners you can use, and the library has a media lab with many video, photo and audio editing programs for student's use. You can even check out a camera or microphone!So to sum it up, this is my favorite place on campus. If you have the time, spend a couple hours just looking at all the amazing features Lied Library offers. One of my favorite things to do is find a subject I'm interested in and just browse the book stacks on that subject. You never know what you'll find!
5	To think this was designed by fellow UNLV students pretty cool. They have everything you can ask for tons of study areas and rooms, a coffee and food shop, computers, all sorts of media and books, etc. Giant open windows with awesome views of the surrounding area. Not your average library.Great place to study or nap before a test or between classes. They even had a nice size picture of me in one of the displays, my one claim to fame lol. Long gone.
4	Loved this placed. Heck I come here twice a week and to get away from my roomie, that plays the same song "Da Butt" by E.U a good ten times back to back everyday. It's new, up to date, and quiet(which is what I love when I am studying).
5	I practically lived here during my university life. If I was not studying in one of their many private rooms; I was out using one of the many computers to print out my essays, researching in the stacks, or napping in between classes on one of the comfy chairs. The large windows makes it more inviting and enjoyable. Some people might dread going to the library, but not I. Especially if it is the Lied Library. Sometimes when I am waiting for a friend to get out for lunch, I will bring a book and just lounge.
5	Honestly a state of the art school library. First of all, its gorgeous. Inside and out! There are TONS of computers for student's use and multiple printers and copiers. The  seating area is very spacious since there are 4 floors to this library. Props to the fact that there is also a Coffee Bean and two vending machines: one for snacks and one for drinks :)
4	Good place to use a computer and study.  I like to find a quite spot on the upper floors with a cushion seat.  I can lay out my laptop and or lay back with a book and notes.  Elevators are slow; stairs are much faster.  There's a kiosk that lets you know how many computers are available on each floor.  Free scantrons and exam books at the front desk.  Coffee bean also on the first floor.  Study/quite rooms on the 3rd floor (no electronics).  Beware, slow wifi.
5	During the course of my daily womanizing, I ended up here again. Let me just say: I love hanging out at this library with college students who are going through that "activist" stage in their lives. The same students who get all their political advice from Hollywood celebrities. Every little opinion they have comes from what Lady GAGA or Angelina Jolie said at an award show while they were wearing dresses made of sirloin steaks or empty soda cans.I love hearing every student's views on government even though they don't even know what the 3 branches of Government are.Did you know that the Democrats are going to lower taxes and reduce the amount of government involved in our lives? I heard it myself from a UNLV performing arts major! These students are in "college", so they must be smart... so why not believe them? Remember back in 08, how these same SMART college students said that when Obama is elected, all racism will finally end and be erased from the face of America? These were the same SMART college students who supported YES on California's Prop 8 because they thought YES meant YES to Gay Marriage. These are also the same SMART college students who are against Women's Suffrage because they don't like it when "women suffer". And not to forget, these are the same SMART college students who are Pro-Euthanasia because they like young people in Asia. Need a computer for school work? They don't got that over here. They only got computers for checking your facebook. The best part of this library is actually the short walk over there from the parking lot. You will see countless douchebags with guitars who are singing songs about starving children in Africa, in hopes that it will attract a girl so he can finally get laid.Apparently, they have wifi here. Personally, I was never able to log onto it.The only floor where you can quietly study is the 3rd floor, but this floor sucks because there ain't no hot chicks over there. I love hanging at the library  with some of those Filipino students who will constantly talk about having "SPANISH BLOOD", even though it's a proven fact that only 3.4% of Filipino people have Spanish or any kind of White in them. Oh yes, I love listening to them talk about "not being Asian" because of their Spanish last names.... While totally disregarding the fact that in 1848 General Narciso Claveria issued a law that changed Filipino surnames into Spanish ones because he didn't like their Asian sounding last names. You would think that since they have "history" classes on this UNLV campus, someone would have taught these particular Filipino students the FACTS on why they have Spanish last names, and why they have 0% European-White in them.I also love how the bleached blonde Psychology majors on this campus can't even spell the word: PSYCHOLOGY. These are the same blondes who call the library: the Li-berry. I just love UNLV.
5	If you are giving anything less than a 5 stars then you might just quit UNLV and go to another school.
5	For the countless hours ive spent in club lied, i couldn't give it less and justify having been in there so much. In my opinion, its probably the nicest building on campus, and one of the few that I actually like. They have a  ton of resources in there, the grad lounge, textbook reserve, study rooms, A/V you check out, just tons of stuff. You can usually find a computer somewhere in the library somewhere, or even check out a laptop for the day. They have every type of study environment from absolute silent study areas to group study rooms w/ flat screen tvs. Its probably the best library in town. They also have a coffee bean downstairs which makes its really convenient.Yeah the place looks awesome, but the only catch is that there is pretty much noooo way ur gonna find ur book. I mean the computer will tell you that its on the shelf, but every time I have checked or asked someone to look, the book has always been 'missing'
5	5 floors of awesomeness!
4	Club Lied! ::cue music::This is a beautiful library. One of the few things I love about UNLV. There are 5 floors with most of its space smartly utilized. First floor - Lots of computers. Handful of study rooms. Tables/booths to study on. You can rent laptops here. There's a Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf by the entrance (which I do NOT recommend, but I'll let this be for another review). Second floor - Lots of tables. A lot of students come up here to socialize. Not fun when you're trying to be serious and cram for an exam. The new grad lounge is located here. I love the grad lounge - everything is brand spanking new and clean. Its really quiet for the most part. Free copies of the New York Times. They sell snacks and bottled water. So if you're a grad student, then you're in luck! You can get away from the noise of the rest of the second floor. Third & Fourth floors - These are the "quiet areas" of the library. There's a separate ultra quiet area encased by glass windows. Book stacks can be found here. There's no cell phone service here (at least for AT&T) and you have to walk out by the stairs or elevators to talk or text. Study rooms can be found here as well. Fifth floor - Lots of tables and a few study rooms. This floor is the loudest of them all. A lot of freshman up here with their friends talking up a storm. Try to avoid the library during study week. This place gets extremely packed and there's absolutely no where to sit. If you really need to though, come during passing periods when students frantically leave to make it to class. You might catch a table then. If you want to park in front of the library in a staff spot, do so after 7 PM. Not 6:59 PM, because the parking enforcement freaks eye your car and then slam a ticket on your windshield and secretly laugh while driving away in their golf cart. If you're at a meter in the front or the side of the library, make sure there's time until 7 PM. Because they'll slam a ticket happily drive off, too. If you're planning to park behind the library, however, staff parking is available starting at 5 PM. I've spent so many days and nights here that's it has become a second home to me. Make use of the things they have to offer. After all, as a student you are paying for it!
3	I used to be here all the time, then I found some place better to study.As far as studying goes, I try to avoid this place, unless my friends and I can get a study room. Usually gets super loud no matter where we go when we're trying to do a group study and quiz each other. The quiet floors are suppose to be quiet, so we can't usually study there as a group. Are choices are limited as far as group study goes in here. They do however have a lot of resources available to all the students, even a graduate lounge that was built over this past summer! You can check out laptops, models for Human Anatomy classes, and the Textbook reserve program to name a few. Finding books can be a hit or miss, they do try their best to keep everything organized, but sometimes students don't put it back where they belong and well then it's just "missing" Breakdown by floors: First floor has the main computer floor along with the check out desks and info desk.Second floor has the graduate lounge, tutoring services, and a LOT of tables around. It's mostly a socializing floor.Third and Fourth floor are the "quiet" floors, if you're out on the balcony you're not allowed to use any technology what so ever, because it's the absolute quiet spot. The other side you're allowed to use headphones and cellphones as long as you're not disturbing other students or people. Fifth floor is the gamer floor. You'll find a lot of students up here gaming, not joking at all. Parking next to the library and meters are enforced until 7pm! Including EPA parking spots!!
3	Clean, quiet, lots of computers, and apparently some guy who yells at you if you fall asleep in one of the chairs.Lied Library is a great place to study or hang out. There's always a computer open and they even have laptops available for checkout. The quiet floors are where I'm usually at. However, they are not the "absolutely still" quiet that I've experienced in other academic libraries. For some reason, I always see groups going up to the quiet floors to study and they make noise!As for the guy who yells at you, I've never encountered him but I've heard stories..
5	Club Lied is the hotspot for study parties! Just don't fall asleep too obviously or those bouncers will get ya ;) You can bring your favorite food and picnic with your classmates like there's no class tomorrow! it's a great library. It really has everything you can think of. if you're not at club lied, you probably barely attend class lolNow there's too many students and not enough space! We need more party tables, club lied!
4	Although I'm no longer a student at UNLV, I still come back to "Club Lied" on occasion - particularly when I need to think or immerse myself in a lengthy project. Living out in Summerlin means that the Lied Library is a bit of a drive for me, but it's by far the best library in town, so it's well worth the commute. The building is very clean, spacious, and well-designed. There are designated quiet floors, as well as floors meant for group study and conversation. Each floor also has a handful of private study rooms, which are great for group projects, if you can find an open one (they fill up fast!). But even if all the study rooms are full, it's not too hard to find a secluded corner to work with your friends in peace. UNLV is a commuter campus, which makes avoiding the crowds very easy, once you understand the campus schedule. The library is often bustling and busy during school hours, especially on the lower floors. But if you come by later at night or on the weekends, it's usually nearly empty (which I personally prefer). Of course, finals week is a different story - you know it's always going to be packed, no matter what. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because it's not open 24 hours. As a student, I was always jealous of my friends at other schools who had that perk.
5	Best library in town.  As a UNLV grad, I still come here to do research in my given field.
4	Wait, a review about a library?! Me?! How could I? Well, I think this review is long overdue. Yes, I rhyme on purpose because it's worth it. Wait. I did it again *smug face*Okay, to be serious I spend a majority of my life here. Not usually by a choice, but it's the only place I can get some quality study time in. I began coming to the Lied Library in 2008 when I was an adorable freshman, now that I've blossomed into a study king I can now say that I have a positive place. I've studied on each of these floors that I can probably break it down for you.First Floor: Loud and lots of traffic, as expected. It has the Coffee Bean with awesome employees and also houses the security who are all cool except the girl who is too wannabe thug for her own good. Overall, first floor is a decent experience if you are not trying to do some heavy studying, they do have study rooms scattered along the back.Second Floor: The hang out spot it seems, it is where most social lives take place when studying. There aren't any study rooms, but there's ample space to get actual studying done. The new Graduate Lounge is also located on this floor, which I should try going in. Third Floor: This is where I actually spend most of my time these days. This is considered one of the two quiet floors. There are study rooms and I always get plenty done. Is it lame that this is my favorite part of the library cause I don't really have to talk to anyone? Oh well haha.Fourth Floor: I call this place the arctic. Same thing as the third floor, but of arctic conditions.Fifth Floor: The busy, "I don't wanna do anything but socialize with my bro's" floor. I hate the top floor for that reason. A majority of the people up there don't open a book. They just mess around and waste their own money, or parents money for that matter.Overall, UNLV has a fairly decent library and I have no complaints except that I wish it was 24 hours. I know that comes at a huge cost, but it's my only complaint.
5	Club Lied, what what! Your one stop shop for all the hip, cool study parties. Maybe you're looking to study by yourself, have some alone time? Club Lied can help you with that! Maybe you're looking for a computer to do some research for that project you've decided to push off til the last minute..Club Lied can help you with that! Maybe you need to eat or you get hungry while you study. Club Lied doesn't mind! Bring your food any time!Okay but in all honesty, Lied Library is my study sanctuary away from home. With 5 floors to choose from, you honestly can't pick a better spot to study. There's so many tables, computers, and study rooms to choose from, you wont have any trouble finding your perfect spot to study. In addition to having whiteboards in the study rooms, there are roll-away whiteboards available for your use as well!If you're a new student and don't know where you should go to study, this place is the spot to go. The library assistants are also very helpful and can answer any of your questions about specific floors or whatever you're looking for.
5	CLUB LIED! The only club in Vegas where its industry night EVERY SINGLE NIGHT!Hakkasan has a record of 5 levels? HOMIE PLEASE! Club Lied HAS BEEN 5 levels! - The party is the loudest on the 1st, 2nd, and 5th floors. - There are private VIP rooms for you and your friends on the 1st, 3rd, 4th, and 5th floors. - You need service? The 1st floor got you, whether you need to deposit a stack of ones into your Rebel Card, activate your card to use the hundreds of computers, to print that paper, need a wingman to help you find that sexy book on the evolution of Cyanobacteria. - Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf is also on the first floor, serving most of your favorite drinks and teas.- Technology free quiet zones on the 3rd and 4th floor so you can make sweet love to those new notes you just took. Don't worry its closed off from the rest of the floor, sort of like a judgment free zone.- Security is on the first floor if you need them, like when you and that ugly fool get into whatever hissy fit.-Its usually pretty chilly in the fall and winter so bring a jacket bro, pool season is over. - Printing is 3 cents per page in BW and color is something like 25 cents per page for you high rollers. - You can leave that MacBook Pro at home! There is an abundance of computers on every single floor, or you can even borrow a laptop from the 1st floor. - If you're at the club and feeling lonely you can rent a human model on the 1st floor to keep you company too :)- Club opens at 7:30AM and last call is at midnight. For more information about Club Lied and its services:http://www.library.unlv.edu/If you want to see the club popping and completely pack come here during the first two weeks of December or middle of May, its cray cray. For guestlist, coffee service, or questions just message me.
5	Big ol, big ol library! 5 floors (5th floor is always the coldest, nice in Vegas to have a cold place to study) it does get warmish here.They have quiet rooms, and you better be quiet it is a library. sheesh..Large, clean, lot's of reference books, fantastic place to study, a poor grade will hurt you, so get in here and start studying!
5	This place has everything a student needs!Quiet rooms? CheckCoffee? CheckLaptop rentals? CheckNeed a scanner? CheckNeed a large poster? CheckClean restrooms? CheckThis library is always improving, they recently upgraded all the computer to i7, and remodeled the entrance.  Floors 1-4 are quiet, but the 5th floor has been known to get pretty loud. P.S. Cell phone reception is choppy here!ANNNND PROOO TIPPP!! on the first floor there is a kiosk that will tell you if there any available computers on the higher floors.
4	If you need a place to sit, eat, and study on campus, then Lied Library is the place for you. There are five floors, some of which are quiet floors, and there are tables, couches, cubicles, and computers galore. Or well, depending on how busy the library is, sometimes that galore turns into "There's nowhere for me to sit except on the floor!"A lot of the tables and cubicles have access to outlets which is great because I have a bunch of electronic devices to charge all the time. There's also a Coffee Bean inside Lied where you can grab drinks and (overpriced) food.I'd prefer it more if Lied Library was 24 hours or even opened earlier on the weekdays than 7:30am because there's always a group of people waiting way before it opens. But until that happens, if ever, I wait patiently outside so I can get into the library and study.
4	This is my favourite place on campus to spend time in between classes. Whether I'm just surfing the web for half an hour or spending a couple of hours studying, this place is great. I love that it has a coffee shop so I can take a break and grab a snack or drink when I take a study break. The only downside is that there isn't always a ton of seating during peak hours. Otherwise, this is a great place to study, kill time and get work done!
4	I was to the library for a roundtable discussion so I can't review the books nor the study areas.  What I can say is that it is a beautiful building, unlike any library I've ever been in.  I noticed on the way in that the dedication plaque read 2001 so it's somewhat new.I knew I was going to the Goldfield Room on the 3rd floor.  I saw the stairs on entering, and I made my way to the 3rd floor.  I studied the map and then saw a sign with an arrow showing visitors where the roundtable was being held.The roundtable was sponsored by the UNLV Special Collections Division.  This division collects and preserves the history of Southern Nevada and especially Las Vegas.  The moderator of the event was Dr. David Schwartz, the Director of the Center For Gaming Research at UNLV.  The Center is part of the UNLV Special Collections Division.The room was large, bright, and the sound system for the discussion was excellent.  What a super place for an event like this.  I hope to go back to the library some day when I have nothing planned and just walk around and browse.
5	I love this library! 5 floors, quiet study areas, plenty (except for finals week) of group study rooms and computers, and a coffee bean too! Im sold... open till 12 on school nights is a plus as well.
5	This is where I get all my studies done! Be quick when reserving a study room because they do go fast! The architect of this building is simply beautiful, and all of the staff are very helpful and friendly.
