1	My last few experiences here have been horrible. I had been coming here since I was a kid, not only myself but my whole family, and boy have they changed for the worse. They took a wrong tooth out of my mother's mouth! Never again. We definitely found a new dentist.
5	everyone at this office is here to help !! i ensure that !!!
5	I have been going to Hurst since 1989. I've even changed locations with them. These people are the best. ALWAYS friendly, on time and accurate. And if you have an emergency they fit you in . I want to give a special shout out to Rachel ( she's the woman who takes your money) could not ask for a better staff.
5	I am always greeted with a smile when I go to Hurst family dental. Going to the dentist sucks but they make it easy and quick. There efficient, timely and best of all friendly.
5	I love my dentist!!! Not only are they so nice and friendly every visit, but they give me so many options and explain everything in terms even I can understand. They make one of the most grueling things (going to the dentist) actually fun and enjoyable. See you guys in 6 months!!
1	horrible horrible dentistry! this place tanked when the hurst's left. the cleanings are less than thorough to say the least. its the fastest cleaning you will ever have but not in a good way. i got stuck with having to have a crown done so they put what i thought was a temp. crown on it. turns out its one they put on kids thats designed to fail and leak because there TEETH FALL OUT ANYWAY!  i never had the crown done there because they held it hostage by not doing it until several other unrelated fillings and procedures where scheduled at the same time.  beware though get a second opinion from a different office ( better yet just go to a different one that is not sheisty) before having a crown done. they get very crown happy and told me i would need two other ones. wouldn't you know it my new dentist told me there is no way you should be doing a crown on the teeth in question. plus to beat the entire thing my family has had 5 different crowns from hurst. all failed within two years because they cant properly attach them.
