1	The Colonel would turn in his grave if he saw his likeness attached to this disaster.  They were out of the style chicken we wanted, no problem we said we would take the other style instead of waiting the 18 minutes.  They took my money at drive thru window and disappeared for the next 16 minutes.  I tried to waive someone over then tried to call on the phone but the line was busy.  Finally they brought the food out I asked to speak to the manager. She was having a bad day and once we asked who the area manager was she refunded us the total.  I am glad because the Hot Wings were so old and dry we physically not eat them.
4	I normally don't visit KFC because I don't eat chicken.  However, I found out they have Chicken Fried Steak ... mmmmm, yes, delicious Chicken Fried Steak with delicious white gravy.  And, it is awesome!  I also loved their Cole Slaw.  The mashed potatoes were pretty good, but would have been better smothered in delicious white gravy!  Mmmm.  The restaurant is reasonably clean but could be improved - the floors were a bit sticky and the trash cans were overflowing.  The only real negative I will say, is whoever brixes the soda fountain should be retrained.  I got Dr. Pepper and it was mostly carbonated water.  Fix the Brix!  Fix the Brix!  Anyway, I will be back soon ... mmmmm, delicious white gravy!
1	Ordered the 8 piece meal in original recipe via the drive thru window. The lady at the window, Alma, was courteous and friendly. Unfortunately, that's where the good part of this visit ends.When I got the food home, the chicken was anything but the "KFC Original Recipe". The chicken was overcooked and dried out. I think the chicken had been sitting around for awhile at this KFC location and they may have even reheated it in a microwave. I gave some of the chicken to my two dogs. I'll give the rest of it to them for their meal today. At least somebody enjoyed the chicken. I stopped going to this Sun Lakes location because they actually ran out of cooked chicken a time or two in the past. So now you have the opposite situation: overcooked chicken that is allowed to sit around and then reheated. I usually go to the KFC on Chandler Blvd in Chandler AZ.  I went to the Sun Lakes location because it was a convenient stop for me on the way home. The next time, I will drive the extra miles and go to the Chandler KFC location. They at least know how to cook chicken.
