2	In our never-ending search for Sunday brunch, we found that Charlotte has added another competitor: The Neighborhood Grille.  That's the good news.  The selection isn't bad, but it's not extensive by any means.  Like most of the other places, the items on the bar include breakfast or other items, so you can choose what you'd like to eat.Hint: Go with breakfast.  If you want lunch, you will probably be disappointed.The breakfast selection is easily the largest, and includes eggs, bacon, sausage, grits, waffles, french toast, breads and fruits.  The non-breakfast items consisted of wings and soup.  Yes, that's it.  It's not that they were bad, it's just that there weren't a lot of them - so if you don't want breakfast, you may be disappointed.The price isn't the most expensive in town, but it's not the cheapest either, and considering that you don't get a ton of items on the bar, it might seem a bit more expensive than what you're getting, as you are essentially paying for breakfast.  Admittedly, you do get to go back as much as you want, but you can do that at Shoney's too.  Just something to keep in mind.
3	I have only been to this place a couple times, but I have ordered take-out probably about 5 times.  If I could I would give this place a 3.5, but I am reluctant to give it 4 stars.  The menu selections for lunch and dinner are pretty broad, and they feature make your own pizza and salad option which sound interesting, but I have never tried.  I like the Greek chicken pita with pasta sald, and the hummus- they are the only things i have ordered.  My mamma and my boyfriend reported that their food (burger, club sandwich and fries) was just average, so I give this place 3 stars.
4	I was in town on business a few weeks back.  We got in pretty late and were staying at the Crowne Plaza on McDowell, so Dilworth was recommended to us.  I have to say, we had a pretty decent time.  The beer was fresh, the service was good, and they make a pretty mean burger.  Nice little neighborhood dive.
4	DNG is very comfortable and, excluding Fridays and Saturdays, it's always easy to get a table.  The club sandwich is tall and tasty and the seasoned fries are awesome.  Service is a little slow at times but always friendly.Sunday brunch draws a huge church crowd, so yes, it's packed.  But as of March, I noticed they now serve brunch 7 days a week.  The omelets are great.  Bacon can be a little undercooked.  (Which seems to be a North Carolina thing because I can't get truly crispy bacon anywhere except at diners.)  And their grits look like cheese grits but they aren't, and they're still really good.
3	Although a pretty loyal customer to Dilworth Neighborhood Grille, I've got to give it a 3.  My group of friends and I have been going there for going on two years, mostly on Wednesday nights for the trivia.  The food, overall, is better than your average bar food.  They tend to have a lot of variety in their specials and they're reasonably priced.  They came out with an updated menu about 8 or 9 months ago, and to my dismay, the nachos were taken off.  I still occasionally talk the waiter/waitress into getting me chips and queso with jalapenos, chicken and salsa on the side, but it's just not the same.  Would highly recommend the make your own salad or pizza.It seems like there is a high-level of turnover in the wait staff there.  Not sure if that's a function of it being a Wednesday night and no one wants to work during trivia, but it could be.Overall, it's a good place to go, but I'm doubtful that it stays a regular place on my rotation because they recently changed the guy doing trivia, and that's part of the only reason we go.
3	I've been here when this place has been packed, such as on select weekend nights and for Wednesday trivia, and when it has been dead.It generally seems to be a pretty popular place, especially on game days, and there is plenty of room both upstairs and down. The food is pretty average for a bar, but they do have one item that is truly unique: the Buffalo Tender Dogs. Buffalo chicken fingers on a hot dog bun, with cheese. Me likey. I've never been here during lunch or breakfast times, but the menu seems to have plenty of items for any meal.Prices are decent, about what you would expect, which means you can get out for fairly cheap.The service, both at the bar and at the table, has been good the times I have visited. There are a few tables outside as well for those nice nights when you want to escape the smoke inside.Nothing special, but a decent place to spend the evening.
3	OK, so I had to add in the Sports Bar category to this restaurant, mainly because every time I've been there has been for a big game. So while this place may be a nice lunch or dinner spot, the "sports bar" aspect is pretty good for watching a game.Having two levels, there is a lot of seating but still tough to get a table unless you get there early for the game. Downstairs, they bring out the projector to broadcast & turn on the audio over the speaker systems. If you are able to get a seat downstairs, then this place is great, but if you get there late & are stuck in a horrible viewing arrangement, then you won't enjoy your visit. And if you're a Tar Heel fan, then you'll appreciate that both Carolina - Dook games I've watched here, the Heels have stomped. Count me in as superstitious.I've only picked at some finger foods my friends have ordered here, so I can't really comment on the menu. But from my limited tasting & looking, the food seems quite tasty & filling.For me, Dilworth Neighborhood Grille is a place my friends & I can go outside of the hustle & bustle of downtown to catch a big game (preferably the Tar Heels). If you're looking to join in with a bunch of other Heels fans, then head over here for the next big bball game, but just remember to get there early.
3	Dilworth Neighborhood Grille has pretty good bar food (burgers, fries, etc) and good drink specials. My boyfriend and I got some late-night food and beers there the other night. $2 pints are always appealing - especially in these crappy economic times. For football fans, Neighborhood Grille is a good place to go on game days. But a word of warning...if you're not a football fan (ahem, like me) it can be a pretty loud, obnoxious environment.Neighborhood Grille now serves breakfast. I plan to check that out next.
5	Dilworth Neighborhood Grille is your basic neighbood bar and grill -- hey, it's in the name!  You walk in and the bar area is upstairs, next to a long staircase leading you downstairs to a lot more seating.  It has a very clean feeling to it; nothing dirty or grungy here.  You can feel very comfortable eating here.  I've eaten here once for breakfast and countless times for dinner.  The breakfast buffet was so-so.  It was your basic scrambled eggs, bacon, potatoes, etc.  Nothing stood out, so I haven't been back for breakfast since.  However, for dinner (and lunches, too, but I can never make it at that time!), I was pleased to see their extensive menu.  At first glance, my eye was immediately drawn to the Chicken Spiedie Wrap and Chicken Spiedie Pizza Pie.  Why?  I hadn't heard the name Spiedie since I lived in upstate New York.  Sure enough, on the menu it reads, "Spiedies are an upstate New York Tradition."  The Spiedie sauce is basically vinegar with spices (and sold at Harris Teeter -- plug, plug!), but it's oh-so-good when you marinate chicken in it.  And it's even better when someone does it for you.  From the first moment I tried the Spiedie options at Dilworth Neighborhood Grille, I was hooked.  They are definitely worth going to DNG for and are offered at such a great value for dinner.  The service at DNG has always been spectacular, too, whether I'm upstairs at the bar or downstairs at a table.  Best of all, one of the owners has usually been there when I've been, greets me, welcomes me back, and always checks up on us to make sure everything with our meals is good.  THAT'S service with a smile.
2	Average food and terrible service.  Although prices are very reasonable so you get what you pay for.
5	This is definitely going to be my new hangout spot. I went on Wednesday night for the first time, and when I walked in, I was like "wow", this place is humongous. We read that they had trivia, so we came pretty much for the trivia, which is on Wednesday nights at 8:30pm. The trivia was pretty good too...topics such as 90's song lyrics, movie lines, college mascot nicknames, etc. The winner for each round got a pitcher of beer and the winning team for the overall trivia got gift cards. We won the round for college mascot nickanmes, but we had already had a lot to drink and had to work in the morning, so we ended up giving the pitcher to another group. The drink special that night was $2 dollars on domestics. They also have a pretty good menu. We tried a 12' Build Your Own Pizza, which was absolutely delicious. The prices were dirt cheap....total tab was under 20 bucks. They had a downstairs that was non-smoking (which is great), but unforturnately, the trivia was held upstairs in the smoking area....I sure can't wait til January when smoking in bars and restuarants will be no longer.I fell in love with this place in the few hours that I was there. I will definitely be telling my friends about this spot and I will be coming here regularly.
2	I went with my mom and we both got salads.  I chose the black bean veggie burger as my protein for the salad, and it was deep fried.  That wasn't what I had in mind.  It was solid grease.  My mom's salad was fully of slimy lettuce.  It was a mixed baby greens salad and the leaves had gone bad, but whoever made the salad either didn't notice or care.  When we pointed this out to the manager, he gave us HALF OFF one salad.  Half off.   We left them uneaten.
5	Good food consistently (except the pizza - avoid) and a genial atmosphere. The service I've had has been good to great and the prices are very reasonable. Terrific spot for lunch, I go there often.
5	What a great place to hang out.  I travel around the country for business and this is one of the best places I have found that makes regulars and visitors feel welcome.  Don't miss this place when you are in Charlotte.  The wait staff, bartenders and the rest of the crew are awesome!  And don't miss the baked spaghetti!  Its a 10!I will be back on my next visit to Charlotte!
4	I like this spot, it's decently priced but more so, they have an awesome beer selection and I believe $2 Miller Lite bottles every day. I've never been disappointed with the food or service and have tried their black bean burger and most recently, the Chicken Spiedie Pizza which was out of this world!! I don't know what the Spiedie sauce is but I want to make love to it.Great wait staff and bartenders and many tv's for football season, we like that.
3	I was really, really hoping the atmosphere of this place would be a little darker and more eclectic and so was disappointed at its overly sporty vibe.  Even so, the patio is really big and nice, and they have a huge, excellent beer selection.Also, I feel I have to mention the black bean burger.  It. Was. Awesome.
4	Friday night $2 drafts and some tasty wings...Always a good time here. Friendly staff. It is in a good spot, but go early for a parking place. For football this is a great place to go.
2	This review is based off of a lunch experience only.  Meh, I've experienced better says it all.The service was good.  The server/bartender was very friendly.  The problem was with the meal itself.  I got the crab cake sandwich with pasta salad.  I chose the crab cakes because the menu said that the crab cakes are their best appetizer.  However, I found I could not distinguish that it was actually crab meat.  The color was dark brown through out.  It appeared more like barbecue than crab meat.  I was expecting more whiteness on the inside.On top of the bad sandwich, it was pricey.  Once I added a sweet tea and the tip, I walked away with a $15 lunch tab!  Not enough food or quality for that amount.In general, I don't know why more places do not have a better lunch menu.  DNG's  lunch menu appears to be the same as their dinner menu.  There were no lunch time specials.
1	Dilworth Neighborhood Grille (@DilworthNG) condones violence at their bar. Manager says I shouldn't have called police when assaulted. Guy pushed me in the bathroom, while I was trying to leave, his friend had to hold him back as he was following me out as I said I'll call the police. He followed me into the hallway, stopped confronting me as I had police on the phone, bar manager said I egged him on.
4	I love this place!  The food is not amazing (it is good!), but it just feels like a "neighborhood" place (no pun intended).  Friendly staff, comfortable atmosphere, and they host the official viewing party for about 732 college and NFL games!  I would recommend trying the Black Bean Burger with homemade chips.  I am not a vegetarian, but I love it!
3	I've been to DNG a few times now, and have always had good experiences. The atmoshpere is that of a typical neighborhood sports bar. Fairly comfortable and not overly busy in terms of decor. There are two levels, so there is plenty of seating. If you are going on game day make sure you get there early, or you may have a hard time getting a good seat.The waitstaff is friendly and attentive. Never have an issue with my glass running dry. Meals are served promptly as well.The food is good, not terrific, but good. standard pub fare; pizza (not a fan), wings, burgers, wraps, etc... All in all a good place to go watch a game, and have a few beers and a burger. There are better craft beer spots in Charlotte, but this place is pretty solid.
4	Excellent wings and atmosphere with a great sports bar setup near the stadium. Good value and quality food. A good spot to chill.
3	This is a great spot for drinking beer and watching the games.  Many large areas at the bar or to dine - Beer specials almost everyday.I did not get to try the food - I will have to go back for that, but as far as meeting a large group of friends for sports and good beer - a great place to go!
3	This is a great spot to watch Carolina win!  Yes some dookie fans come and try to ruin the mood but that is a typical dookie.  The biscuits and gravy are to die for!  Always great beer specials and fast service.  I love the chicken philly (the fries here are probably some of the best I have had in Charlotte!)  The blood mary's are spicy and come with two giant olives - looooove it!The patio gets shaded after lunch so I prefer to eat outside if I am there early.  Love Dilworth Grille!!!  :-D
4	This review is not so much for their food...which is good...as opposed to the amazing civic opportunities that this location provides for. Dilworth Neighborhood Grill is one of the most used locations for meetings, primarily due to the community minded attitude of their management and the extreme friendliness of their staff. I have never been disappointed with their service or the people who work there. I highly recommend this location for any and all meetings or events you may have!
3	Good, friendly service with a great atmosphere. The food is average and overpriced.
4	Like the people and the place. Still not a fan of the wall.
3	Good Bar food.  Nice staff.  Fun place to watch a game and have a beer.  Matt (owner) SUPER !
2	The food is decent enough, but unless you're sitting in the bar it feels like you're in a banquet room. Which, essentially, you are. Service can be a bit of a crap shoot. I've experienced good service there, but consistent it isn't. There are other bars/restaurants in Dilworth that are much better.
3	I've heard many things of Dilworth Neighborhood Grille and finally got to experience it for myself for a special event.  We were in the downstairs space (great for private parties and events) but the food was decent.  The event was for a running crowd so we loaded up on pasta, salad, and proteins.  It was your typical buffet line catering deal, but they still did a good job with the food (in my opinion).  The servers were very nice and came around with refills (even though I don't think they had to).I will have to come scope out the bar scene or maybe catch a game or two here later.The one minus is the parking situation is a bit tight... it was a weeknight when we had our event and the combined regular customers with our special event packed the parking lot.
3	Definiltey a solid place to go to meet friends & grab a casual bite to eat... while it can get crowded at times, the servers do a good job keeping up with everyone.  As the some of the other reviewers have mentioned, parking can get a little tight, but that's not a deal-breaker.
3	Cool spot that's been around a while and even though it's changed names it's always a great spot to catch the game or just catch up with your friends.  The staff here has always been very accomodating and while the bar area can get packed quick there is plenty of seating towards the back.  The decor is pretty much typical sports bar and I think this is a West Virignia University loyal bar too (for those that care) as well as UNC - Tarheels.  The downstairs is also a good spot for a business meeting or social event.  I've been to a few there and it's nice and roomy.  I've only tried food there a couple times and never had a bad experience but mostly a fan of their deli wraps.  Can't really screw that up though.  One other nice thing is that this bar is one that is pretty well intertwined into the social media scene and has regular 'tweetups' for twitter followers that want to socialize....cool :)
4	first, my disclaimer:  i have done business with DNG beyond the scope of pulling up a barstool on a sunday and screaming at the many televisions while drinking reasonably priced draft and bottled beer and stuffing my face with their tasty barfare grub.they have a decent cheesesteak, i am always a fan of chicken fingers, and their fries are not to shabby either.  i can totally understand why so many college and pro fan bases have chosen DNG as their home base for rooting on their squads.Norm, Oz, and Chris are an amazing owner/manager team that have hosted a number of charity events for me over the years.  we have utilized their downstairs on a number of occassions to host the Beards BeCAUSE Clean Shaven and Five O'clock Shadow parties.they have always been extremely accomodating to our needs as we entertained crowds in the 120-180 range.  they always put the staff on that could handle the crowd and still have fun with the patrons.  for the reason, i have recommend Dilworth Neighborhood Grille to others looking to throw charity events on a budget that have been successful.  they are good hearted business people that ensure a good time.
4	Great beer specials and food!
3	I went on Friday with a group before a performance at the Actors Theater of Charlotte.  I do not understand the hype. Bad location and poor parking.  Its an okay bar/grille.  Before going here I would go to the Midnight Dinner.
4	We really enjoyed this place.  We ate lunch here yesterday.  The Delmonico Steak Sandwich was really good, the homemade chips and the fries were also great!  My daughter had a grilled cheese and literally ate every bite.  My wife said the sweet tea was really good too.  The service was awesome.  I would definitely recommend it!
3	I frequent this place with my co-workers since it's right down the street. Each time we go the service is pretty decent. Sometimes slow and sometimes on point but they're always friendly and get our orders right. Their black bean burger is delicious. Full of flavor and a favorite go-to of mine. Their tuna wrap is pretty decent with a hint of unexpected spicy to it.
4	Ok this place is a nice cool spot. Huge spot!! Me and my sister ate here together for lunch on Saturday. We heard about this place from Taste of Charlotte one year and they were giving samples of their crab cakes to try. We got the crab cakes for an appetizer and they were just as I remember them. And the sauce that does with it is good. I ordered the Italian Chicken Wrap and my sister got the Greek Chicken Pita Wrap. Both were delicious.
2	This place tries to be like the old Mick's chain in Atlanta - an Applebee's or Ruby Tuesday, but with fresh food, executed well. Unfortunately, the food's just not that good. The Italian meatloaf isn't awful, but it's nothing to write home about. The apps were decent, but not great. My GF loves their black bean burger, though (and it IS pretty good for a non-meat burger). It's a good place to watch a game,but not as a dining destination.
2	With free entree coupon in hand we decided to check out Dilworth Neighborhood Grille. After all, we live in Dilworth and it's always fun to try a new place. The space is attractive and has a lot of seating, with a large bar area and lots of TVs for superior sports watching. Service was also pleasant and prompt. Unfortunately the food we tried (other than the house salad, which was fresh and good) was nothing special. The slaw on the BBQ platter was not very flavorful and the BBQ itself didn't have any kind of smoky appeal. The mac & cheese was OK but not great. As for the shrimp and grits, to me it was way too cheesy/greasy- some may like all the cheese but definitely too rich for my taste and not enough distinct grits flavor separate from the sauce/cheese. This would be a fun place to watch a game and definitely good for the drinking set. Of course I only tried a few items from the menu, but from what I tasted the food is not the draw here.
2	I met my husband here for lunch on a weekday. I brought our kids so we could all have a quick lunch with him because he had to get back to work.  Our service was super slow. Took 10 minutes to get our drinks, then another 10 minutes to order...food took 30 minutes to come out! We had 2 kids meals, a salad and a chicken pita. Waited a long time to get our check. We were there for an hour and a half...during lunch! The food was mediocre to say the least. Not somewhere we'll visit again anytime soon!
3	Nice place to have meetings and the food is o.k. Parking can be thin but if you don't mind walking a block or three you can usually find a spot. Make sure you read the signs as you will get towed. Not a bad go to place for a few drinks and a meal.
4	My husband and I go to DNG every time we visit Charlotte. We love the atmosphere and this past time had the pleasure to be served by Tracy at the bar. She is very attentive and makes you feel like part of the neighborhood. She suggested we try some appetizers and we got the pizza rolls. They were delicious. We had such a great time and Tracy clinched us coming back again in the near future.
3	Not a bad joint to grab a quick bite....very good for meetings w/ clients.  Most people don't know this, but DNG has a fantastic brunch on weekends with fabulous outdoor seating available.  The menu sure could use an upgrade; way too many wraps.  Overall not bad....not bad.....
4	The salmon dinner here is sooo good. Very god bar food. The pizza is a little blah. Not that great. Nice seating area downstairs. Nice spot for lunch, just a little on the slow side.
3	Bar food- great drink specials and nice bartenders. Haven't had a bad experience here but nothing to write home about either. Even if home is just Greensboro.
4	I have been to Dilworth Grille many times. Recently I was there for the Carolina Duke game. The UNC Alumni org and the place was full of Tarheel spirit. The downstairs was the perfect place ti watch the game with several projectors and tvs. They had great drink specials and the staff was great even with the large crowd. This place is perfect for large group events.
4	Great sports bar, great brunch food on Saturdays. Good at handling large parties. Our server was a little slow, but otherwise food and drinks were delicious. Not great drink specials on Saturday afternoon, but the food made up for it.
3	I hadn't been to Dilworth Neighborhood Grille in years before last night... I had a pretty good time, that being said...First, they offer (or offered last night, due to the charity event, not sure which) a complimentary valet service... The lack of parking situation hasn't gotten any better since the last time I'd been, so that's a welcome change... From what I remember, the lot is pretty small so if there was a relatively decent crowd or the Big Chill (are they even open anymore?) was also having an event, it was a nightmare... They haven't changed the interior at all, but honestly, why would you?  There's a little foyer and you can choose to go right down the stairs or to the right directly into a bar and there's a room that can be reserved a little further back past the bar on the first floor as well... It's a nice size, I'm sure you can hire it out for a party and whatnot... (I think I heard someone say they did that last night...) The bar is basic... Lots of wood, seating and televisions... Decent spacing, so that's a plus... The stairs leading to the downstairs dining area has railings on the left side, right side and down the middle which is awesome for when you're wearing platform stilettos and drinking... You can never have too many handrails... (Trust me; I've seen some things... Use the help when it's offered, ladies... lol)The food was tasty... I enjoyed the little Chick-Fil-A-like nugget situations and the barbeque sauce was good... The pepperoni pizza was hot and fresh (perfect), but I could not get the blasted thing cut to pick up the pieces properly! lol  It took a little work, but it was worth it... I'm a big tomato fan and their sauce tastes like a thickened tomato soup to me, so that was right up my alley... Not a lot of additional seasonings, but it was a good eat... The crust could use a little something, though... Maybe some garlic or parmesan?  I couldn't have the meatballs (April 1st seems so far away...), but the boyfriend said they were just okay... We both enjoyed the spinach dip... If there were any artichokes in there, I straight missed them... It stood on its own, though... Creamy, but not too creamy... If it had a little bit of red or black pepper, I think it would have been perfect... We had the Goose Island IPA and the 312 for beers and they were yummy...Overall, it was nifty and I'll probably head back when they have specials or something...
4	DNG has a great atmosphere for grabbing a beer and watching a game on one of their many big screen TVs. Their pizza is phenomenal and the rest of their food has been nothing but appetizing. Their wine and beer prices are great and I enjoy meeting with friends here for drinks and dinner on many occasions.
3	dilworth grille is "ok" like the epitome of ok. beware ordering a mixed drink, none of mine of have been satisfactory. food isn't bad though, nothing stellar. the great thing about DNG is the location, the patio, and the tunes. you would think they would be slammed on st. patty's like everywhere else, but they were uber low key, maybe 7-10 tables.
4	One of my absolute favorite places to go. My friends and I meet up there almost weekly for trivia on Wednesday nights. The staff is great and makes sure that you are taken care of. My drink hardly ever is empty for long, if at all. On Wednesday night trivia the teams play for free pitchers of beer. The questions are pretty challenging and the host is very entertaining. I would highly recommend anyone go with some friends and try their luck at it.
5	This was my first visit and I wasn't sure what to order but my waitress suggested the Blackened Chicken Tacos, I added the string onions as a side, it was incredible!  I'll definatley be back
4	After having dinner there last night I decided to write a review.  The food was great the Philly is good with chunks of steak instead of slices chopped up. My favorite thing I have found after two visits are the homemade chips, always seem very fresh and have a great taste. The services was kinda slow had to ask for our drinks a second time. They also had ran out of Red Oak and Mich Ultra, are the waiter said they had. But they did have 3.00 NC Beers which was a good hit. All and all will return for sure.
5	Your average bar food (wings, burgers, wraps etc.), with the addition of individual pizzas, which are pretty decent. The food isn't the reason why I'm giving DNG 5 stars. I'm a die hard NY JETS FAN, and there is a group called the Charlotte Jets Fans that meets there for every game. It's truly a dream come true for a Jet fan, and I thoroughly enjoy it! A great place to socialize with fellow Jets fans and meet people from your home town. The restaurant also makes a shot for us Jet fans called JET FUEL and it's very good!
3	Stopped in for a quick lunch and ordered the tuna wrap w/ a side of mac & cheese.  I ordered the tuna rare w/ no aioli. The tuna was prepared correctly- not overcooked. But I have to say it was a bit on the bland side.  Lettuce was green & fresh.. Wrap was whole wheat. Mac& cheese was pretty good.  Overall,  DNG is not a bad place for a quick lunch.  No complaints about service.
4	I have been to DNG several times and am surprised I haven't written a Yelp review yet. This place is a very nice establishment. The owner and most of the staff are very nice people. The seating is ample and atmosphere easy and comfortable.DNG has a very nice bar with plenty of drinks to choose from, be it wine, beer, or spirits! The food menu also has lots of good options and even offering for vegetarians and vegans!Their mixed drinks are always well made and i have yet to be disappointed by anything I have ordered from their kitchen. Also nine times out of ten the waiter/waitress are very nice and on point. Also the place is great for large meetings. Just call ahead and you can usually schedule an event for 20-50 people.
3	Hot and cold here. Nice looking place and I've had some good food here. But I have also had a way undercooked burger, a really long wait once (during a slow period) and my wife and daughter got sick right after eating there one time.After the last incident, my wife said she wouldn't go back - so I probably won't either. Still not a complete waste. Maybe your luck will be better.
5	We got take-out from here and it was delicious! The spinach and artichoke dip was awesome and the chips were not your typical boring tortilla chips. We also had the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich and baked Spaghetti. Both were fantastic, especially the chicken!
3	Decent food and beer selection. Build your own salad is a good if expensive option. I end up here once a month, mainly because it's a meetup spot for my friends. Probably wouldn't visit it as much otherwise. Also, parking is dismal.
5	Always a good place to hit after a swim meet session at MCAC. So close to the pool and such good food. Buffalo blue chips app, only found here, is a great start. This visit I had the Cuban sandwhich and one of the best I've had. Certainly will be back for another. The wife had a flatbread pizza and the boy had wings. Both said they would come back for another. Great service and good food and highly recommend.
4	I dig this place for Sundays during football. My girlfriend loves brunch so we go early some days. I've also been in there for trivia on weds, which is a good mix of tv, movies, random stuff but I'd like more sports questions. Still, it's my top place for something like that. You can't beat free beer and a funny trivia girl. Teams are sometimes really big, so my girlfriend and I ask the bartenders for help sometimes. All in all, a good place
5	Fantastic for any occasion!  DNG is a great for happy hour with colleagues, catching up with friends, catching almost any sporting event (especially if you're a fan of New York sports or enjoy heckling Yankees fans), group meetings and social events, etc.  The food is great, fun local beer specials, and absolutely wonderful staff!  I worried that I had been going too often when the hostess recognized me after a few months (unintentional) absence.  Perhaps I had, but that doesn't take away from the friendly, local feeling that is welcoming to very diverse groups of people.  Did I mention they have a great patio and location?
5	I loved the black bean burger.  Its a nice place for lunch or late night snack.  My gf felt the fish was under cooked so I would avoid that.
5	Big fan of this friendly bar. Every time we stop in we usually sit in the bar area or at the bar. The staff is very attentive and fun, and we've met some pretty nice regulars. We've tried a lot of the menu and definitely love the Buffalo chips, and the blackened ahi tuna wrap, and the pulled pork on a pretzal roll..wow. Always a good time! Bar servers are the best!
1	Sorry in advance for the really long review!I really wish I could give Dilworth Neighborhood Grille more stars, but after last night we won't be back.  We have been patrons of DNG for the last 4 or so years as they are the bar for UT alumni and their football games.  I do not understand why UT has not received the memo that it is time to look for another bar, most other schools have - Uga, Auburn, wva, Msu, and others have all left.  It is now only UT and NCSU, as far as I know, which says a lot if a lot of groups are leaving.I will say that DNG is a nice spot to grab a bite to eat when an event or alumni/team group is not there.  We like their food and have had a lot of their menu items, although disappointed they changed their menu last year and took off our favorite item.  The housemade buffalo chips are great!My issue?  When they have a large showing like us UT fans, they are NEVER prepared and do not have enough servers - usually only 2-3 servers. It has not changed from year to year. Last night was no different and our server was the worst we have had.  We (5 of us) were greeted early on, but then there was a long wait to get our drinks.  Kevin's sweet tea came first, then eventually my bar drink came, then eventually the other two bar drinks came (after finally being told that they were out of one beer), and finally a diet coke.  It was probably another 20-30 minutes before she came back to take our order.The three others with us had their dinner served to them 10+ minutes before the sandwich that Kevin and I were sharing came out.  When she finally came by to check on us, Kevin asked for a refill on sweet tea.  She checked on us about 3 more times before finally coming back with a refill of unsweet tea...  Took awhile for her to come back for us to notify her about the mistake.  Again took a couple reminders to get sweet tea.  I wish I was off, but it took around 40-50 minutes before she finally got the sweet tea refill. She told the manager how bad she was and he came by to offer a beer or dessert for him, but we were not interested at the time.  How about offer the sweet tea on the house, instead of charging us for it?!? We decided 5 minutes before half we wanted to leave at half.  Since she had not come by our table in awhile we sent one of our people to track her down to pay.  She got two out of the three checks and asked if the third person wanted their check...really?? She did not return and we had to again ask her for the third check.  Halftime was over before we finally paid out.Beyond that, they need more tv's.  Having only 4-5 in a dining area is pretty crappy for a sports bar.DNG needs to get more servers or get backups to just come around to help with refills or make sure people have what they need.  They have yet to fix this issue each year, it is no different each game.  We enjoy going to be with other ut fans, but it is not worth it when they can't handle a crowd.  I'm disappointed we brought our guests to a place like this.Goodbye DNG!
5	Thank you Dilworth Neighborhood Grille for hosting a great holiday party for our group!  We had approximately 150 guests and your staff was friendly and extremely helpful.  The food was great and our guests truly enjoyed themselves.  We look forward to working with you in the future!
1	Do not eat here. We came for lunch, waited an hour for 4 salads and a bowl of soup. The service was terrible. Waitress forgot bowl of soup and chicken for one of the salads. Upon request to correct the order, the staff delivered the chicken on a watery plate. I should have known then not to eat the food. About an hour after leaving, experienced symptoms of food poisoning that lasted hours. The restaurant comped the meal when we called to inform them about the quality of food. But that doesn't help much when you are incapacitated for the rest of your Saturday.
