1	I absolutely HATE this McDonalds. It has the most incompetent, slow employees EVER! Almost every time I go there to get a $1 soda, and iced coffee, or something to eat with my kids, it is an agonizing process whether in the drive thru or in the restaurant. I try to avoid this location even though it is 2 blocks from my house. This location has been this way for at least 2 years.....no hope for it changing any time soon...
5	I moved to this area in 2003 and have been coming here ever since. There have been some times that the crew wasn't at their sharpest, and one period of about a year when there was a language barrier (I always had to check before I drove off to see if my Diet Coke was really a Dr. Pepper), but overall, it's been very good. And ALWAYS very, very clean, which is what I *really* want in a restaurant. The food is typical McDonalds. I've never had a cold or stale sandwich or fries, and whenever there's something wrong, it's always fixed quickly. Now, as for "quickly" .. please consider that people can only move and food can only cook so fast. I usually go during breakfast & lunch, and while it's very busy, they usually have a full kitchen. There are only one or two cashiers, but if you pile up too many orders, there's more of a chance to get it wrong. Saturdays are CRAZY busy, I try not to go then! Sometimes I really, really need a Filet 'O Fish, but I know what it'll be like, so I'm not surprised if I'm waiting forever. And Shane M ... is it really fair to rate this one McDs so low when you get sick at ALL of them? I've noticed that on other restaurants I've reviewed, too; food allergies are a real problem these days, perhaps it's not "karma". Anyway, if you like McDonald's, it's a good one, but busy. They do great birthday parties, and the people are very nice. If you don't like McDonald's, there's an awesome KFC right there!
2	I took my children in one morning because they wanted to visit their play-land.  They do have a awesome play- land for kids. I was disappointed when I had ordered some chicken nuggets during breakfast hours for my kids and their manager refused to make them.  I have worked for this company in the past and their policy is to make fried products all day.  When I questioned it the manager said " It's not our policy".  She had no name tag on of course, but was a heavy older women that was just plain rude.  This is a corporate store, there are several other McDonald's in the area that are more friendly.
1	Burger was thrown in the box and the entire thing was overlooked. Never go here
1	Definately not service with a smile. Order is usually wrong, and workers are rude.
1	I moved to the area a year ago.  I've been to this McDonalds drive up a few times.  Maybe it's just bad luck, but these guys have never got the order right and half the time I have to park and wait.  Can't even call the management to complain, no answer.  I have an answer for them.  You're out of chances. I will drive out of my way to find another McDonalds that has their act together.
1	Avoid the drive thru.!!!! They never get the order right. Here is a list of other problems.-they serve expired food ..pies with date stamps from 2days earlier.-tables are rarely clean-drinks are watery-employees are not friendly-managers don't care and seem to even encourage poor servce....i could go on and on, but why waste my time with these fools.
1	*  Very dirty dinning area!!*  Employees obviously do not care about customer service *  McDonalds should pull their affiliation - very bad representation of the brand
3	The dining area is really small!  I still put this McD's better than the one in Buckeye.  We actually had a pretty nice experience dining in.  The cashier was really nice.
5	5
