3	This Michaels is ok as a craft store, but if I have to do a giant store, I'd usually rather go to the big JoAnn's. The customer service at this store tends to be lacking. After asking for assistance with an item (I need more than were on the shelf) during a recent visit, one clerk called for someone to help me (as she was with another customer). I waited and waited and waited. No one came. The clerk finished with her other customer and then walked off. I ended up putting back the item I wanted more of and just leaving without them. I can say this that's good about this Michael's: they always have a huge selection of Martha Stewart crafting products and a great cake decor aisle as well.
3	Yeah, it's absolutely not hip, and yeah the customer service is not much, but this place has EVERY themed scrapbook sticker you've ever wanted. AND HOW MANY PLACES IN MADISON CAN SAY THAT?That's a real question. In any case, this place can, and they've got a pretty nice selection of painting supplies, ribbon, gardening trinkets, sparkly things, probably inedible multicolored sprinkles, knitting tools, and fabric markers. Oh, and they have the whole Ace of Cakes line of baking supplies, even though the Food Network show was cancelled in 2011 (maybe they're worth something on eBay!). Mikey's is not the place to go for a personalized shopping experience, but is a great place to play the "how many things can I buy for $1" game.
3	Swung-in for some picture frames on 6/7/14. Pleased to discover a buy one, get one half off sale on all frames.+ Tons of household items - everything you could imagine to complete a crafty project- Pricing is a bit high, but there are often specials that offer a reasonable deal- Only had one cashier working on a Friday night (at around 6:00pm); there was a significant line at check-out, but it moved fairly quickly- Like Corey D, I couldn't find someone to ask a question of; I eventually figured it out on my own, but staffing seemed quite light+ Custom frame shop in-house
