4	Before I went here, I had an extreme phobia of dentists: when I was 10, I had a dentist pull a tooth without any novocaine at what is basically a glorified dental factory (Dental Associates)--so you can understand why I wouldn't like them as a result.Today changed that. First Choice Dental was extremely caring and helpful: from the receptionist to the actual dentist, everyone was extremely kind and gracious.They're a little more expensive, but Dr. Sharkus knows what he's doing AND he's a more conservative dentist, meaning, if he doesn't feel it's necessary--he won't bother. That's what I can get behind. Kudos to him and his staff!
5	I hate the dentist (who doesn't) but after going to First Choice the last 3 years, I almost enjoy it! Everyone is super friendly and warm, and they take their time to answer each of my questions until I'm satisfied and completely understand the procedure. I've also gotten honest advice from the technicians about what treatment option to take, and they we're 100% right and helpful. Highly recommend for kids, students, and everyone!
5	One of my favorite dentists I have ever been to. Everyone is extremely nice and friendly and all the dentists I have seen have been quick and accommodating. Would highly recommend them to anyone living downtown.
1	i had a pleasant experience with the receptionists and hygienists, but i left my first appointment with a treatment plan to do fillings on NINE "problem spots," which they wanted to complete in three appointments. dr. sharkus had barely even looked at my teeth. i've been getting regular dental care every six months for my entire life and was absolutely flabbergasted. i went to get a second opinion across town - that dentist said that he gets ten patients a year who come with "extremely aggressive" treatment plans from first choice and he recommended three fillings. he said the other six fillings that dr. sharkus recommended were places he wouldn't even consider touching. my theory is that they noticed that i have good insurance so they thought they would make a little money. i'm not going back.
5	The team at First Choice has taken super good care of me and I am a major fan. I had a terrible head-splitting toothache. It developed over the weekend and got bad very quickly. I left them multiple messages to get in first thing on Monday. They were able to fit me in and Dr. Modjeski did a quick exam and decided that I needed a root canal. She was super attentive and very knowledgeable about both my toothache and potential pain management options (I was concerned because I was breastfeeding and didn't want any medication that would have an impact on the baby). Since the first choice in-house endodontist was not free until three days later, they called all the practitioners in their network and was able to get me an appointment for later that day. A few days later I went back to get the final filling to cover my root canal and the whole procedure took less than 30 minutes!
1	I felt that the doctor, Joe Sharkus, did not explain very much to me. He spoke in esoteric terms and left the room immediately after procedures asking the assistant to explain procedures and process for him. Worst yet, I was originally quoted at 600 dollars which seemed right considering my insurance but after the procedure, mouth numb, they handed me a bill for 1100 dollars.  They had little explanation for why the bill changed so drastically. The receptionist said something like, "looks like your plan was downgraded." Later I found out through my insurance company that that was simply not true. I had not been downgraded just misled. They originally quoted me for one kind of filling my insurance took but then filled my mouth with a different kind my insurance did not take. It all was perfectly legal and in the tiny fine print but I think completely unethical. I can't afford those kinds of bills so I have had to go through a 3rd party payment plan to pay it off. I would not recommend him or that office.
5	I have very sensitive teeth, and normally have a very difficult time with fillings, but they made sure I was completely numb and comfortable. The chair had a built in back massager, so I got a massage while getting my teeth cleaned.
5	I had an excellent experience at first choice. The hygienist was very patient and kind. She was extremely empathetic and caring. Both her and the doctor talked to me like and adult who genuinely cares about her health- this was a new experience for me since other dentists usually dumb things down or don't take the time to explain anything. I would highly recommend. They seem to take many different insurances.
