1	I managed to convince myself to drive the 15 minutes to this Mcdonalds, as it was one of few open at 1 am.  I ordered a coke, drove home (30 min round trip plus wait in line) and discovered to my dismay that I had been given a Dr. Pepper. I hate Dr. Pepper, threw it away.  This is not the first time I have been disappointed in this store.  On several occasions on late night visits they have not been able to accept debit.  Another time I received diet coke.  The next time I feel like a late night snack Im going to Wendys.
4	I stop at this McD's sometimes for breakfast when Im in a hurry and they always impress me!  The service is always fast (I always use the drive-through) and my food has been hot and fresh every time.Ive not been inside, so I cant speak for that aspect, but the service and food quality is above average in my opinion for McDonalds.Not sure what that other review is all about... I mean really, who drives 15 mins to a late night McD's for a coke (and doesnt immediately taste it when the get it! LOL)...??
1	Stopped in to buy a couple bags of ice.   Counter person said they didn't have any. Spoke with a manager who said sometimes they have it and sometimes they don't.  No one wanted to bag any.
2	I stopped by this McDonalds yesterday before work. I knew I wanted some nuggets and maybe fries. I got to the window and ordered nuggets. I wanted a second to decide if I wanted the full meal or anything else but the girl in the drive thru rushed me so I decided not to get anything other than the nuggets. I know it's "fast" food and ideally I should come through the drive thru and already know what I want to buy, but I wasn't going to spend more than 2 minutes looking at the menu and deciding. It wasn't even busy, there was no one behind me and this location has two speakers. Even when I went to pay she was in too much of a hurry and practically threw my change at me. I won't go out of my way to come here again. I ended up going to Burger King for a whopper and fries a few hours later. If  the girl at the window had been a little more patient then I probably would have just gotten a full meal and drink from McDonalds.2 Stars because the girl at the second window was nice and the nuggets weren't bad.
1	I got a bunch of breakfast food and basically the whole order was wrong. There was sausage seeping through the bag and they added 3 things we didn't even order and forgot 2 sandwiches we ordered. The food looked absolutely disgusting. The eggs look like a big pile of thick mustard the sausages were dripping so much with oil it was seeping through the bag. The lady even asked us if we needed extra syrup and hot sauce and she didn't even put them in the bag...wtf? I have two young children who were very disappointed when we couldn't eat the food because it was just disgusting. And when I called them and asked for a manager she answered the phone and said you're speaking to one in a very very rude tone. And then I started telling her what was wrong she said bring it all back and we will redo the order....well no I have two young kids I don't have a car I can't be going back-and-forth it's just not logical for me then she interrupted me and rudely said what what's missing from your order I couldn't even believe how I was being treated so I just hung up the phone I will never go to this McDonald's again and I'll make sure every single person that I know doesn't go to this McDonald's either.  Timestamp 10 AM May 20, 2014
2	They always forget the hash brown and or the hot sauce for the breakfast burritos:/ I'm going to start checking my order every time I go here, can't trust them!
4	Honestly, this is the best damn McDonald's I've had in Arizona, so I don't understand the lackluster rating this location has. Food was very hot and fresh; dining area was clean; bathrooms were clean and functional; and staff were helpful, responsive, and clean-looking.
