5	Alana is unbelievable. Words cannot describe the talent this woman holds. She's super friendly and caters to all of us Las Vegas 3rd shifters. When I first went to see Alana I had severely damaged, dry and over processed platinum hair. She suggested individual micro links because of the previous problems I've encountered with weft hair. Alana isn't the type to upsell you. You can tell she's really educated and takes great pride in her client's hair. She will give you her honest opinion based on current styles and color technique. I love this about her! Too many stylists in Vegas will just take your money and fry your hair (if you don't believe me, see my previous reviews on salons that went out of business because of their lack of skill!) So, I've been blonde for about 3 years now. Every time I bleach my hair it's always been traumatic.. But not with Alana! She uses scalp sensitive bleach that doesn't burn at all. Every bottle blonde knows the torture we endure to have platinum locks :-)I've been to top salons from NYC to LA and I can honestly say that Alana will have my business forever! I've worked with Playboy, Maxim and most recently VH1 so I have to take a lot of pride in my hair, because my income will directly reflect on how I look! Tonight was the third time I've seen her and I was surprised to see she wasn't on yelp! Hopefully this will be the first of many five star reviews for her! Book her now ladies!
5	She is simply amazing. Making hair miracles everday. Extension and color perfectionist. Nothing she cant do.
5	im so happy i went to you!!! i looooove my extensions....  great personality, skill, and speed! thank you girl!
5	I've been going to Alana since I moved to Las Vegas in 2011. She actually got me out of my comfort zone with my soccer mom haircut and brown hair. I grew my hair out and she let me go blonde. I love it!!!!!  While other hair dressers with 20 plus years of experience refused to even let me lighten my hair because of my ethnicity (I'm half Asian).  Well let me tell you that did not stop Alana. She's an amazing makeup artist too. She gets me ready for all the events I go to. She's done an assortment of looks on me that I never thought I could pull off before. Alana is simply amaaazzing!!!
5	I only needed my ends cut, but Alana was great, she didn't cut too much (as I have had that problem with other hairdressers before) and evened it out. She is also very friendly and talkative. During the time at her salon she told me more about extensions and if I ever want to do them ( I am thinking about it:) I'll know where to go!
5	Let me say one thing....ALANA IS THE BEST! I felt the connection the second we met. She took care of me like there was no-other client on the planet. I felt like numero UNO. I would never go anyplace else for my color. She sized me up, and within minutes...BAM! My hair was color matched and PERFECT! It's nice to move from Chgo. and in an instant the first Hair Professional you go to JUST GET'S IT! How appreciative I am of her. Alana thank you for your artistry. You're a ROCKSTAR!
5	I've been coming to Alana for 2 years. She is amazing! I moved to Las Vegas from California and as you can imagine feared finding a new hair girl. Alana has gone above and beyond my expectations and now takes the crown on my all time favorite hairstylist. Most of the time I just book online and she does what she does. She is super creative and knows how to play with hair according to your skin tone. I refer everyone to her because I know she will take care of them.
5	My old roommate referred me to Alana and I'm so glad!! Alana was able to color my hair just how I was hoping and described the whole process. She's super friendly and plays awesome 90's music! I have never had such a great conversation with my hair dresser. No awkward silences! The time went by so fast. Before I knew it the appointment was over and my hair looked amazing! I will definitely be back!
