1	My first review!I specifically asked the guy before they started if they would be able to mount 2 tires without scratching my nearly pristine wheels and they said, "Yes, the machine doesn't touch the rim." Obviously they were lying or took zero care when mounting the tires because there were multiple deep scratches around the edge of the rim once the tires were installed. Whenever I pointed it out to them, they denied that they put the scratches there, even though it was obvious the scratches were fresh. Call me a sucker, but I paid the $60 bill in full (cash), which I don't consider cheap, considering that all they did was mount 2 tires and dispose of 2 tires. I should have refused to pay anything given that they did a hell of a lot more than $60 in damage. I went to Duke's because it's 2 blocks from my house and I like to support local, small businesses, but I will absolutely, positively never go back there or recommend anyone go there. If you don't mind getting your wheels scratched when getting new tires, by all means, go to Duke's.
5	Great place. Came in with a flat tire, bent wheel, and two bent rims. Within ten minutes they rotated the tires, put a brand new one on, fixed the wheel and both rims, and had us out the door. $90 for everything and nice, chill, professional service. Highly recommended.
5	My family and I have been buying our tires here for years. There's no appointment necessary which works great with my schedule. Service is fast, and the staff doesn't make me feel stupid for not knowing much about tires.
4	If you're in the market for quick, cheap tire service, Duke's is a great option. I've had holes patched and tires mounted for dirt cheap there over the years. If you're in need and looking to replace a tire on a budget, they've got a fair selection of used tires, but the 4 stars are for their quick work, cheap cost, and customer service. The guys working there always seem to shoot you straight, so you'll never feel like you're getting ripped off. This isn't your place for buying new tires, but if you need any other service, I'd definitely recommend Duke's!
5	Excellent service, very fair price.  No nonsense approach and nice people!
5	Just went to Duke's over my lunch break from work to have my back drivers side tire patched. I work on the South side and try to take care of as many of this type of problem as possible over my lunch break. That being the case, I couldn't be more happy with their service. No appointment necessary and my tire was patched in less than 10 minutes, plus it only cost $15. I'm going to go here for all of my tire services in the future! For what it's worth, I have a 2012 Mazda 3.Great service and took no time at all!!
1	Five years ago I reserved two tires at Dukes gave them the exact sizes that I required told him I would be there in 15 minutes to pick up the tires I rolled up with a couple friends of mine from Baltimore who are part of the LGBT community the yinzers at Dukes took one look and told me that the tires were sold they had no more tires.
5	Woke up this morning with a flat tire, which I thought would be the start to a bad day. Was in and out of Dukes within 15 minutes. Fast, friendly service. The day's starting to turn around.
