5	Awesome experience! Went in for a new tube. Was in and out in 5 minutes, it was cheap and the guy was super friendly. More people in this neighborhood should come here!
5	My favorite bike shop in Madison. The owner is incredibly kind and helpful, not arrogant or pushy like some bike mechanics I've encountered. He always fixes small things in five minutes and it's never taken more than a few days for bigger problems. He does a great job and prices are very reasonable. I'm a big fan.
5	Friendly and fast service.  They   installed and adjusted my seat  after my tune up even though I had purchased it elsewhere.  Thanks, guys!
5	Can't recommend this bike shop enough.  I came in with a flat tire and assumed my bike probably needed a tune-up as well as I hadn't used it in over a year.  He looked it over first to see if a tune-up was even warranted, which it wasn't so he saved me $70 when other bike shops probably would have just taken my money without thinking twice.  He also repaired my flat extremely quickly even though I wasn't in a rush to get my bike back.  Super nice, upfront, and great quality work.
5	Today I had my first experience at this establishment.  My experience was excellent and I will likely return for much more work in the future.  The owner was friendly and offered great suggestions on my repair.  I was told all my options (he had a standard, mid-grade and luxury tire) and didn't try to point me in any certain direction or sell me anything I didn't need.  Without an appointment or notice, he did the repair while I waited.  The price of labor was more than fair as well.  This place is a lovely little gem in a wonderful neighborhood.  I've gone to other bike shops in town and will certainly be coming back to Old Town Cycles when I need another repair.
5	I had a flat tire as a result of a punctured inner tube, and the repair guy working that afternoon got me fixed up and ready to go in less than ten minutes, for just $18. Another time I went there to get a replacement screw for my bike light, and they gave me one for free. I don't go to bike shops often enough to be able to compare OTC's prices and services to other places in Madison, but so far they've been great for my budget :)
4	I recently ventured into Old Town Cycles looking for nothing in particular. I found a really cool S-Works rigid mountain frameset.  I spent 10-15 minutes checking it out, trying to decide if it was big enough for me. That was on a Thursday; I came back on Saturday, looked at it for another 15 minutes or so, then bought it.During this time, I was able to witness Josh--the owner--interacting with a variety of customers with various needs.  I was really impressed with his customer service and quick repair/service work that he performed for people while they waited.The store is very small, and you won't find any new bikes for sale here.  But if you need a light, lock, or bag...or need a brake adjusted in just a minute or two, this is a great place to come.
1	The guy that owns and operates this place was very rude and did poor work. I went to him to fix a gear slipping problem, and he upsold me to a full tune up. Ok, I figured, it's not that much more, and couldn't hurt. When I came to pick up the bike, he told me to come around behind to look at something he did, but then he yelled at me for standing on his grey mat. You're the one that told me to go there, dude! And after all that, the gears still slipped. Go to Machinery Row, instead--better quality work, friendlier people.
1	I wanted to like this place and give local business a boost, but the guy that works here (and possibly owns it) is crazy rude. I was considering buying an item, but decided to hold off for the moment, and he seemed to take it personally. As our interaction came to a close, he then came around the counter to solely move my bike 3 ft away to another location in the store and turned it around to face the door, to which I apologized if my bike was in the way, and he said he did it 'because [he is] just OCD.' Again, I wanted to give this place my business, but I didnt have a great feeling about this. The only thing he didn't do was show me the door. I'd rather take my business elsewhere.
5	About 5 years ago, I had Old Town rebuild my commuter bike.  Since then, I've used the shop for all my subsequent tune ups, as well as on the few occasions when I've had a flat.  I can't believe how quickly the owner has always had me back on the road.  I've been really happy with Old Town Cycles.
5	Every interaction I have had with the owner has been very positive. He explained my options and didn't try to sell me anything I didn't need. He even talked me out of paying for a service he didn't think I really needed. Ends every transaction with a "thanks for your business".
5	I came in the other day (with no appointment) to have my brakes repaired. The guy working at the time was extremely friendly, and the repair was done in about 10-15 minutes. Fair prices, good customer service. I will be back when I need other work done on my bike.
5	This shop did an excellent job on my Trek 3700 tune up. It was hard to find this shop... I guess because they don't advertise. Anyway, at $70 bucks this was the cheapest tune up in town and I am extremely happy with his work. My wheels are trued up, my brake and shifter cables are tight as well. I will be going back to this shop again and I will be recommending them as well.
