5	i used Nannies and housekeepers when i went to Las Vegas for a convention.  they were quick and professional.  i was extremely impressed w/ their team
5	Highly recommend this for several reasons:First, our nanny was great with our 15 month old son from 6:30-10:30 pm.  She came prepared with a bag full of age appropriate activities, she's a licensed day care worker, sang him songs, took down notes of their activities, changed his diaper twice, gave him a bath, made sure he was well fed, and had him asleep by the time we came back to the hotel at 10:15 pm.Second, this was our back up to our disappointment with Artsy Nannies and the Wynn Concierge was able to get someone the same day.  Artsy Nannies seemed to have college students and people who work in education, but not necessarily people who work in daycares or who are are nannies.  Had a bad experience with Artsy Nannies and wouldn't want anyone else to experience what we did, so just go with Nannies and Housekeepers.
4	This company is highly professional.  The Nanny did a good job with my 13 month old son. I would use them again.
5	My friend needed help with child care, the parents were frustrated and afraid of the process.  Having some one you can really trust take care of your child is really important.  Lexy and the Nannies and Housekeeps USA team were fast and they really care.
5	We were in Vegas for New Year's weekend and were so happy that Nannies & Housekeepers USA was able to accomodate our request for a sitter on short notice.  This agency is very professional.  They called and emailed to confirm the time for the sitter to arrive and even offered to provide a resume for our sitter in advance.  We have a very active two-year old daughter and we were nervous about leaving her with a sitter, but Madeline was FANTASTIC.  We definitely will request her again the next time we are in Vegas.  She was sitting down and reading a book with our daughter within a few minutes of arriving at our hotel room.  We were out on the town for about 4 hours and came back to find our daughter fast asleep.  She had a great time with Madeline.
5	We just got back from another weekend in Las Vegas and had a great time thanks yet again to Madelyn Scamorza from Nannies & Housekeepers USA.  (I mispelled her name in my earlier review.)  We went to the UFC event on Saturday and out to dinner with friends on Sunday and were so relieved that Madelyn was available to watch our children again.  We have two toddlers (15 months and 2 1/2 years old) who are very active.  She kept them entertained all night and even brought some great toys and books for them to enjoy while she was watching them.  We were AMAZED that we were able to leave for the evening without our son having a meltdown.  He was so engaged in playing with her that he didn't even notice when we left the room.  We are thrilled to have found Madelyn and look forward to our next famiy trip to Vegas.
5	We spent one night in Las Vegas during a long road trip from Toronto to California. After 3 days in the car, we needed some time sans bebe. I was given a referral to Nannies & Housekeepers by the Aria Resort where we were staying. They were able to make very last-minute arrangements for us and we had a great babysitter that night. Our son was only going to be sleeping while we were gone, which always lessens my concern when considering a sitter, but Fe Cooper arrived, bright eyed and bushytailed (considering it was like 10 p.m.) with a bag full of age appropriate activities for our 16 month old, which was awesome. It's not a cheap service, but given the amount of money you're sure to spend in Vegas anyway, why not enjoy a night out? You can pay the Visa bill later. I believe there is a one-time admin fee for booking and then it's $45 per hour, with a minimum 4 hour commitment. Well worth it, I think, after spending 40 hours driving, making up songs about the desert, enduring shitty motels in Omaha and eating every meal sitting in a car seat. Really fantastic. Check it out.
5	Went to Vegas & brought my puppy. Sheryl stayed with her while I went to a show. Couldn't be MORE happier with the care my pup received. Sheryl was the sweetest, she even texted me during the night that Roxy was doing great.  I will definitely be using nannies & housekeepers on my next trip and requesting Sheryl.  Thank you sooo much :)
5	Unless you're of such means that you can have your Nanny travel with you (my niece had such a job.) in Las Vegas, you may need a Nanny.I was going to need 4 hours per day in the evening.  The service was recommended by the Venetian.  Read the pricing and minimums first to make sure that this works for you.I decided that this is what I needed for my 10 year old son.Gyorgi was the Nanny that was sent and I couldn't have been more pleased.  She was prompt, courteous and professional. I was so happy with her I requested her services on the next day.  She provided a report at the end of each night as to what they did and on the second night, I requested a 2 hour extension which was provided.  She noted the time that he went to bed.I was very happy and will use this service again if needed.
5	What a great operation.  Rita and Terra in the office were great and spent time answering all my questions. While no one wants to leave their kiddos with strangers I felt so comforted by the fact that N&H runs such thorough checks on all the care providers and provides you a resume of your sitter beforehand.  Carol Cencer was incredible and I reccomend folks request her, she was genuine, kind, fun, experienced and my girls loved their time with her.  The ladies are also CPR and first aid trained/certified in the off-chance something occurs.
5	I have a 7 year old son and I have been using the nannies from this service since he was 7 months old. My son has always received quality care and attention from all of the nannies. They all come with resumes and references directly emailed to you with a picture at booking so you know whom to expect. They even contact me with updates on my child while I am out! I would highly recommend this service for parents who want to enjoy the day with their child and at the same time the night life of Las Vegas with knowing that their child is safe.
5	We were recommended this service by the Host at Encore.   I was contacted by Zach , and appreciated that we were sent a resume to see who was chosen for us.  We traveled with another family who also had a 4 year old boy.  We didn't feel comfortable with the first choice so we were given a new option and were happy with the accomodation.  Madelyn arrived and was very sweet , and our boys liked her.  She responded quickly to our texts and made everyone feel comfortable.  After the first night of being apprehensive, the 2nd night we felt great about enjoying our evening.  Very professional service all around - I will recommend them to all friends /family.  Several times during the day we were frustrated with our kids and said" I'm going to call Madelyn and ask her to take care of them the rest of the day .....  Thanks Zach
1	WORST SERVICE! The first thing we did when we moved to the valley with kids was signup with NAHUSA and have enjoyed there services for years. However we paid them $2,106 for nanny placement and less then 6 months later and we have no nanny and are being told we have to pay the fee again. The first nanny had family issues which happens but we had to FIGHT them to provide a free replacement per our contract. The second nanny was only with us for 6 weeks and quit with ONE DAY notice to take a teaching position. Neither one had any complaints about us, our kids, the hours/pay or anything. And now after dragging there feet the they have decided we must pay ANOTHER $2,106 for another nanny placement. They know they have us in a jam since its the first day of school. No offers to work with us on paying the second placement fee, no offer of a discounted, nothing. Just screw us.
5	I have used this service numerous times.  I am a single parent and take my son to Las Vegas.  They are professional, prompt, and everything that you would want in a Nanny.  My son was very comfortable with Gyorgyi and asked for her the next time we were in town.  They are not "cheap".  They are well worth the price.
4	Used the service twice over new years weekend. Great service! Got two babysitters on short notice. They're prepared with games, books that are age appropriate. They even leave you a thank you note at the end of the night.  While it's a nice treat to have some babysitting in Vegas it isn't cheap. $45/hr with a 4 hr min plus a small booking fee.  If it were more reasonable, I'd bring the kids to Vegas more often and use it more frequently.
5	We used Nannies and Housekeepers twice when we were in Vegas on two separate occasions when our son was 10 and 12 month old. First time they were able to accommodate us on a very short notice, a day before our arrival. It seemed expensive, but I felt that I would rather pay extra and worry less. Everything turned out very well. Nanny came in on time and even a little early, which we appreciated as we were leaving for a show. We felt comfortable with the person and enjoyed our night out. Second time, we booked in advance around Christmas time and our son's birthday. Nanny, Rachel, was very nice. Came in on time, brought lots of toys and even gave our son a little book as a birthday present. Very cute! Again we felt comfortable and had a great time out knowing our son is in good hands. I would highly recommend using these guys. The price is a small price to pay for the safety of your child and a piece of mind for you.
5	I am a nanny with Nannies & Housekeepers USA. I have had the most amazing experience working for a family from Australia. They called last minute on Tuesday, I went to their hotel room at Caesar's Palace, and talked briefly with the father to learn any information necessary for the care of their 11 month old. She slept most of the time, but I still brought my bag full of activities (books, coloring, bubbles, etc.) Because you never know if the baby will sleep the whole time. When the parents returned from their evening out, they were pleased that she was asleep, clean diaper, and surrounded by all of her little teddies. To my pleasant surprise, I received a phone call from the agency on Thursday, the family had requested me to come back. When I arrived that night, she was already asleep again! This time, however, she didn't stay asleep. When she awoke, she decided she wanted to play. So we did. We sang funny songs, read books, played peek a boo. When the parents returned, they were surprised that their little one was awake and not crying! Apparently this is not normal behavior for their little one, who only really likes mommy and daddy. As I  was leaving, their precious little girl wanted to leave with me! It was so sweet! She gave me a kiss on the nose, and waved until I was out the door. The parents wanted to take me with them back to Australia! Having worked with numerous families in the hotels, this was by far my greatest experience. I have had the pleasure of meeting so many incredible families from all over the world, and I consider it an honor to be chosen to care for someone's most valuable asset, their children. It is a privilege to work for an agency whose focus is to provide the best care possible for children visiting and for those who are residents.
5	So we are in Las Vegas for a spring break vacation and a 1/2 marathon. My 6 year old son wanted to go see a show when we booked this trip back in October. We were blessed to adopt our new son Xavier in January. So we all packed up and came into town. We had pretty much everything planned out except the night that we were going to take my oldest son out to dinner and a show (Panda show is really good). So I thought, this is Vegas, there has to be a boat load of baby sitting services for all the adults who want some fun time away from the kiddies. I checked with the front desk of the time share, and the recommend another company, but the reviews were mixed. Signed up through the internet and was getting a call with in the hour from Amy Hall.  She was very nice and helpful and found us a prefect sitter for our 3 month old.  Christina Palchetti, was early and very nice. She had a really good resume and a fun personality. We left feeling no worries. Almost every 30-45 minutes, she texted us with an update which comforted my wife. When we got home our little one was fast asleep in her arms. It was well worth the money for the sitter and to have confidence in the person watching our child. Thank you to Amy and to Christina for your awesome service and professionalism!
5	I was in town for vacation and rented a house in Summerlin. I hired a temp housekeeper for the month and was very happy! The staff was VERY helpful and booked me a great housekeeper. She was sweet, punctual and did a great job cleaning with the minimal supplies we were given at the rental house:) I would highly recommend them for any domestic needs.
4	We have used Nannies and Housekeepers on call services for the last 5 months or so.  We started by using them while I was still on maternity leave for an odd night off.  They always sent a highly qualified nanny to care for our baby.  We met a nanny that our baby loved so much, Shelae, so we had her work with us for the summer before she went back to school.  We have just completed the search for a full time nanny.  Nannies & Housekeepers sent us several resumes of highly qualified candidates.  My husband and I were probably overly picky as our daughter is our first baby.  Nannies & Housekeepers were very patient with us.  I tried a couple of different routes (friends, co-workers, various online services) to solicit nanny candidates but the Nannies & Housekeepers candidates always had the greatest credentials.I won't kid you - it is costly.  Expect to pay the nanny herself (which for full time services is 2-3x what a day care would cost).  In my opinion it is worth it, because I want the baby to have one on one individual attention.  Also, expect to pay the agency their finder's fee (which can be more than a couple thousand).  I tried to solicit resumes myself and found that the agencies candidates were head and shoulders above the rest.  My other resources turned up people without reliable transportation, without a real interest in babies, or people looking for a way to watch their own kids while watching mine.  With the agency, we found candidates who would be dedicated to our baby alone - which is what we desired. We have found our permanent placement nanny & are looking forward to having her for at least a year.  I would recommend this service, first, if you have the money and second, if you are very picky and want someone to give your child one on one attention.
