4	Chicken Korma is yum. They have also been nice enough to prep me an egg or paneer Korma upon request. The paneer may be extra--it has been a while since I had that dish. Yummy naan, nice lassi. Their food is always delicious and fresh.
5	Great food, maybe best Indian food in K-W. Price is very reasonable and I've never had better naan bread.
1	Walking into this place, i knew it was more of a fast food type of restaurant. Definitely catered to college/university students. I would like to make note of the service and food provided. Service. While ordering my food I asked to clarify some of the items. The cashier who took my order, provided no help and just told me to look at the menu and read what was posted on the wall. After ordering, my boyfriend and I sat down at a table to wait for our food. More customers had walked in and suddenly the cashier was delighted to welcome them and answered any questions they had, in their native tongue. Obviously I knew this was a fast food type of restaurant, thus I did not expect too much service. But to see the difference in attitude and service provided, was kind of a slap in the face.Now about the food. We were starving and decided to forget the kind of service we received earlier and to indulge in our meal. it was seriously lacking appeal and taste. We ordered two items on the menu and both items had a very bland and cold taste to it. Normally when I'm hungry, something mediocre would still be appealing to my appetite but this was not meeting any expectations. Back in Toronto, my favourite Indian restaurant is Banjara Indian Cuisine. Maybe I have higher standards in the quality and taste, but even the service could not pull this one-star rating to a two-star.Definitely will not be trying this place again in Waterloo. Heard Aunty's Kitchen was a lot better. Will def give that place a try next time.
4	The store front is unassuming, walked past it for years before going in.However, the food is the real deal. Really delicious curries and amazing naan. The food tastes fresh even though it's curry, and apparently really healthy for you too. Service is a bit lackluster, and the prices are a bit high.Overall would recommend this place to others
2	I've tried a few of their veg curries, and they're pretty disappointing. They were all seriously lacking in taste and quality. Maybe their non-veg curries are better...I understand that since they're so close to campus, they can get away with lower quality food, but still. I wouldn't recommend anyone go there if they're looking for good Indian food.
1	Restaurant is neat and clean. But food quality and taste is on the lower side. We tried veg and non veg dishes but didn't like even a single item.I would like to avoid the rest for my next visits to the Waterloo.
