4	Fresh fruit, smack bang in the middle of a city?Unlike the Tesco down the street, this stuff is fresh. So fresh you can still see the dirt on it. None of this pre-washed stuff.Aside from the obvious fruit, they ahve a great selection of cheese. I picked up some of the Feta and made pizza with it when I got home. Very creamy, but without the bitter aftertaste some cheeses give you.This stuff is to kill or be killed for.While you're in here, buy a Tomato. Even if you don't eat Tomato's, get one anyway. You have, and will never see anything as juicy and vibrant as them. Nobody will judge you if you eat it like an apple.
4	When my friend used to live in Leith we occasionally would wander into here for a good shop of healthy food-stuff.This shop caters exactly to that: fresh fruit and veg, as well as a good selection of cheeses and breads. It seems to be popular with the locals as well, which is quite nice considering there is a cheaper Tescos down the street. However the fruit actually taste of fruit here and reminded me a bit of fruit markets in the Mediterranean- You can tell that the people running this place really strive in giving its clients the freshest and best produce and take pride in doing so.
4	Tattie Shaws has fruit spilling out of it into its wee stalls outside the store. Their peppers and tomatoes look so delicious you can't help but wander in!I'm a big fan of independent greengrocers. Sadly, there aren't many of them about these days, but that is what makes places like Tattie Shaws so special. With a great range of fruit and veg from all across the world, Tattie's supplies look full of flavour and ripe like they've just been picked off a plant. It's very reasonably priced and they also stock a variety of herbs and other such cooking ingredients.The staff are pretty alert and keen to help if you need anything. But most of all, I was so impressed with the quality of the produce. With the vibrant colours and fresh appearances, Tattie Shaw's stocks both homegrown and international fruit and veg. It's great that they represent local farmers and suppliers, but their more exotic offerings look equally as fresh - they've definitely been shipped in recently.As it's still the Scottish strawberry season, I'd recommend trying Tattie's for some of Fife's best berries!
4	The best fruit and veg in Leith, with a fantastic variety of things. If you're struggling with ingredients for that ottolenghi recipe, this is the place to go! It's small and can get quite crowded as everyone shuffles back and forth but you'll come out with armfuls of fruit, veg, herbs, spices and grains. In fact, my New Year's resolution may be to go there more often!
