4	It's an antique mall and it's huge.  Waaay back in the day this used to be *the* place to find Beanie Babies.  They have lots of glass displays and definitely a fair share of furniture.  They are a pretty decent place to spend a couple of hours on a weekend.
5	this is a very large antiqe store. it's open 7 day a week til 9pm. there's a huge variety of stuff from small knick knacks to furniture. i've found some great sports memorabilia in here on the cheaper side. they have a cafe area to order subs & sodas, coffee, etc... with tables to sit and eat. the staff is very friendly and helpful. there's never a wait to check out. great place.
1	Let me first say that the Brass Armadillo is a great place to SHOP. I find lots of neat stuff in there, sometimes for a bargain, but typically the Antique shop fare with Antique shop prices; not that there's anything wrong with that.But today I come to you as a former SELLER from the Brass Armadillo. And for this, the Armadillo gets two stars.I am a BSBA graduate. I understand business inside and out. I examined the Brass Armadillo's model, and it's brilliant...for everyone except the sellers. I did the math; I am completely baffled how anyone could possibly make any money selling things at the Brass Armadillo.For a glass display case, the Brass Armadillo charges you about $85 per month (80 + fees) and then ~10% off each sale. Sounds attractive, until you consider that most large items simply do not sell.I have been going there for years, and the store always looks the same. Most large items remain in the store for long periods of time and do not move anywhere. Which means essentially that you can expect to sell (if you're lucky) about $100 worth of small stuff a month and make exactly no money from it. Which is what I did for two and a half months before saying "no more."The management staff treated me somewhat apprehensively when I originally inquired about the case, which was off-putting. Maybe because I'm a younger guy in my twenties and most other sellers must be around middle-age or better. But after a while (20 minutes of waiting to be exact) I was finally helped with the paperwork so I could move my products in. Here's a fun fact: sellers can "volunteer" to work in the store in exchange for credit toward their monthly fees. Which amounts to about $7 an hour if you do the math. Despite this, these volunteers were the ONLY people that were genuinely friendly and helpful toward me. They always complimented my case and the artwork of mine that I sold in it.Anyway, long story short. Nothing significant sold. I was losing money in spades. I sold some small rare items for meager returns that failed to even help me break even after the dues and fees. When I came in to discontinue my membership, the management was less-than empathetic to say the least. I would venture to say they didn't give a damn at all.Mind you, the place has about two dozen glass cases empty at any given time. To retain selling customers, a logical measure would be to perhaps reduce the monthly fee or take some steps to help ensure customer satisfaction in some way. But no, not for the Brass Armadillo, they are above that and would rather have empty cases that net them zero profits, I guess.In conclusion, my experience as a seller in the Brass Armadillo has been thoroughly dissatisfying. I would urge anyone considering to sell there to first try Craigslist or eBay because you'll lose a lot less time and money that way and it pains me to say that people on the internet will probably be more friendly toward you.Here's to a few hundred dollars and a paycheck's worth of my time that I'll never see again.
5	Brass Armadillo makes me nostalgic for some reason. I come here every rainy day. (Weird, right?)But whatever. The selection here is enormous and good finds are frequent. I could easily drop a few hundred dollars here. The "mall" is arranged by departments of sellers who rent out spaces to sell their goods. I always liked the coin shelves towards the front, because I'm a coin collector. Towards the rear of the store, larger items such as furniture is sold, and tucked away are cool knick-knacks that you'd never ever expect to find. I just love this place. The staff here are delightful. There's a restaurant inside, don't eat there. It's atrocious, to say the least...However, my adoration for Brass Armadillo is everlasting. It's a cornerstone in the Valley's antique market, and a fantastic place to spend a dreary, rainy day.
5	Looking for Antiques and Collectibles, the Brass Armadillo is the place to go. Great place to shop for Gift or for yourself. Whether you are buying or selling. You have to go on the website to check out the days they have the 15% sales that runs for 4 days. starting on a Thursday thru Sunday. I found great savings on those days. If you want to get rid or reduce your favorite collections of items, this is the place to rent a open case to a closed case on a month to month lease. It Is much reasonable and cheaper to rent a case. Better then the fee that you give to Amazon and eBay as a seller, The employees are very helpful and friendly. The Cafe i also rate it 5 stars. I dine there for breakfast when i am visiting at the Brass. I had a bacon, cheese's omelet. and it was outstanding and very reasonable and comes with a choice of juice. The Lunch is outstanding and it is all home made food. The Brass is a great place to tour with friends,family and lot to see and lot of History behind each antique item. Brass has vintage Barbie's price toys,furnitures,records,vhs,books,jewelry,ornaments,xmas,halloween,spring,summer,decors,video gaming,nintendo,radio,stereo, dolls,clothes,glasswares and more.
4	I found this place, quite by accident, during a recent trip to Phoenix, and although I went in with no expectation of finding anything I needed, I did walk out with a bargain.I walked several of the aisles of locked glass cases, and the concept is great, particularly I know from having checked out many of these malls (in Oklahoma, New Mexico, Tennessee) that shoplifting is a problem in them.  That may be why a lot of them just don't last--the sellers just decide the return isn't sufficient to offset the shiplifting.  The glass cases at BA alleviate that problem for some of the sellers.  However, it does make decision-making to buy an item difficult without being able to hold the item---and the delay for getting the keys to a particular case may have an influence on the mental toss-up about buying an item.I like the open booths better, I think.  There is much more space for things and one is able to touch and handle the items.  And I lucked out.  I found an item that I considered buying, and the lady who owned the booth was there, we talked for several minutes, and she discounted my item more than the 15% she was offering.  I was tickled, and came home with another piece of antique crystal for my collection.  As in all antique malls, items tend to be overpriced, which is why one sees so many 10% or 25% or half off signs on the booths--because the sellers know that people will buy things at a discount, even if the discount drops the price down to the true value of the item.  People are funny that way.I'll go back to Brass Armadillo, probably.  It is all the way across Phoenix from where I usually stay, but I think it's worth the trip, even just as a place to kill a few hours.
4	This place reminds me of my Grandma's house, because she is such an antique fanatic. There are so many cool things here making it really easy to spend hours just looking through these pieces of history. Some of the items give me the chills because they have an eerie sense about them, which just makes it all the more fun to go and check everything out.The attendants are really nice and helpful.
5	We call this place "The Brass".  Our friends first introduced us to The Brass a few years ago.  Since then, we've stopped by here every time we're in town.  It's a really big place full of hidden treasures.I enjoy browsing the glass showcases, which encompass nearly 1/2 of the place.  There are tons of sports collectibles and every once in a while a Star Wars or Star Trek collectible worth buying....either way, it's fun to browse the goods.The most recent visit, we spent a few hours in this place.  The Better Half (TBH) and I didn't find anything this go around, but had a blast anyway.Overall, it's one of our favorite antique/used items store.Return Factor - 100%
4	Vintage collector heaven!  This is the place to go if you are addicted to vintage stuff.  Holy moly what  a collection!  You could spend hours and hours there strolling up and down the aisles looking at all the sweet stuff they have at the Brass Armadillo.   What a great place to hang out on a rainy day!  The folks that work there are very nice, extremely knowledgeable and helpful.  I have been a few times looking for specific items and have made several purchases that I've been very happy with.
5	-The BEST place to shop for antiques in the Phoenix area!-The staff are very friendly & helpful.-Really big place full of lots and lots of antiques and other treasures! It takes hours to get through the entire place!-Most of the prices are very reasonable, I have found some of the best deals here!-A few booths dedicated to Vintage Military collectibles, Victorian decor, and aisles of cases filled with all sorts of pyrex dishware, old books, dolls, and tons more stuff.-There is an awesome little booth full of vintage style Scrapbook supplies. Better and cheaper than the Scrapbook stuff at Michael's, JoAnns, or any Scrapbook store in Phoenix.-There's also boutique case with cute Glam style artsy stuff & cute little gift boxes, cheap too!-There are several rows with cases and the rest of the store are dealer booths.-LOTS of locked cases with nice jewelry pieces.-I LOVE coming here, I ALWAYS find something unexpected and usually at a really good deal.-Cool oldies music playing in the background.-Clean restrooms.-Lots of convenient parking. -Great hours, open all of the time, from 9am until 9 at night. -Located right off I-17.
3	This place is an indoor vintage mall of all sort of old stuff.  It's huge so it might take an hour or more to go down all the isles, there's just so much stuff to dig through.  They have the mall broken up into little stalls which people rent out to sell their stuff.  The prices are mixed from expensive to cheap depending on what your looking for.  It's nice to go here if your bored and have a couple of hours to kill or are into collecting stuff.  I like to look for weird or unusual things and usually find something I want to buy.  I like it except the building gets really hot while walking around.  Don't wear anything you might carry around.  I think they have a swamp cooler but it doesn't work very well.  They sell water at the front desk for 50 cents which helps..--- (went back.. water prices went up to $1)
5	I spotted this place from the freeway and we decided to stop in. I have recently been enjoying antique stores more since we just bought a house and have a place to put nice things!This is a great place. The store is divided between locked glass cases, open cases, and larger areas, divided amongst dealers. If you want an item from the locked cases, you press one of the buttons scattered around, and a staff member comes up. They take the item behind the register and keep everything separated. They'll also take anything you have in your hands, so you don't have to wander around with a bunch of stuff.I was really impressed with the sheer amount of items for sale here. There's so much and you could seriously spend hours here. My only issue wasn't with the store but with the way sellers arrange things. It was often difficult and sometimes potentially dangerous to navigate around things inside each seller's booth. Some care should be taken, I think, especially on the seller's part, to make their wares accessible.Overall... I can't wait to go back!
4	The other reviewers are dead-on when they say you need a few hours to do it up right at the Brass Armadillo.  I kind of wish I would have thought of something in particular to look for before heading in; i.e. Tiffany style lamps, watches, etc.  But nonetheless, it was a blast looking at all of the displays.  Prices ran the gamut from really reasonable to really outrageous.  I saw a vintage 100% cashmere car coat with a faux fur collar in impeccable shape for around $30 (easily could have sold on eBay for twice that amount or more), but also a pair of fairly beat-up cowboy boots for over $150.00. Some of the items we saw were downright mind-boggling and definitely not antiques.Lastly,-If you're scared of creepy old dolls stay the eff away; they're lurking around every corner!
5	All I can say, is this place has something for everyone. Expect to spend a whole day if you want to see everything. Don't worry, there is a cafe where you can get lunch :) They have antiques, collectibles and modern decor as well. The staff is always friendly and the vendors are sometimes in and are great to talk to. Overall amazing place!
5	I love Brass Armadillo! I went into here one day after church and have been going back ever since.  This is a huge place, you can spend hours here. They even have a little cafe which is perfect. Because if you are really looking at everything, YOU will need a little break. If you go plan a few hours.
5	I love LOVE love Brass Armadillo!Although this is somewhat of a drive from my house, it is always worth it. Every once in a while you can always find a good deal for a spectacular, unique item. And even if you don't, there is always interesting things to look at.The people are usually pretty nice and it's fairly clean. I've never eaten at the cafe, but I'm not sure I would. Looks like it wouldn't be great....but everything else seems good!
5	Close to my house, full of antiques, and decently priced. What else could you ask for?!! Sometimes the brass armadillo is the perfect place to get your mind off things and take a walk around. With rows upon rows of vintage items you can easily spend hours in here. Good thing they have a Blimpie if you get hungry.Stumped on ideas for Christmas or a Birthday, you should swing by and take a peak. I usually find something.
3	For us personally it would probably be a 2 star review.   I'm giving it 3 stars because I realize not everyone is looking for the same kind of things as us.   It's lots of not quite antiques, some older nice stuff, some garage sale stuff - but not much groovy, hip, MCM kinda stuff.  It is a very large antique mall  - and they have awesome hours.  However, even though we went at the beginning of summer in the evening (not yet 100's) it was very warm in there.  I can't even imagine going during the day.  I think the best thing about Brass Armadillo is that afterwards we were hungry and discovered BobbyQ not too far from there!
4	This place is H U G E!!!  Aisles and aisles of possible treasure.  Every turn you make is a surprise.  Overall I found the prices on the stuff I was looking for to be very reasonable.  The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable too.  Since their inventory changes constantly, if you don't find your diamond in the rough today, come back tomorrow!  I for for one can't wait to get back!
5	Wow.Alternative to the mallwalk anyone?This place has the makings of a time capsule for all generations.They have mostly other people's old crap,but you know what they say.Someone else's old crap may be someone else's foshizzle.You do have to know your prices on old crap,because some sellers think their old crap has been shit out from the golden goose when that simply is not the case.Having said that,you could easily find some old crap of someone else's that you want to take home as new to you foshizzle.The staff is helpful,warm,friendly.We hit the "show me this crap" button a few times,and an attendant seemed to appear out of nowhere to assist,each time happily chatting away with us.The staff seems to enjoy working there.So my friend who brought me there went home scoring a huge black glossy swan planter with a hideous from the 80's dusty black and white flower derangement.Yeah,it sat on my lap on the ride home.I felt as if I absconded with a centerpience from an episode of My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding.The day was full of foshizzle.
3	I was shocked to witness two dealers arguing. Not just an disagreement, but name calling and customers nearby were not considered. The one lady walked away upset and I asked if she was ok. She apologized for the incident, but said this does happen time to time with a few certain dealers. Other than that, this was my third time to the store and it's huge...you could spend hours there. Pricing seems to be fair. The store also seemed hot to me. You go in the summer to get out of the heat, but it was hot in there last time.
5	A "brass armadillo" is presumably a gift given to blushing Victorian brides... oh, never mind.This is my favorite of the Phoenix-area "antique malls" for a number of reasons:1. It's relatively central -- no long haul to Glendale or Mesa, no sense that one ought to spend the day.2. The hours are incredibly long -- not just by antique-store standards, but by normal retail standards. This is an antique mall that lends itself to impulse visits.3. It's not super-chi-chi antique-y. Basically, it's a fantasy department store of old stuff, mostly "nice" old stuff but not super-high-end rarities, mostly furniture and housewares and toys, running heavily but not exclusively to the sweet and frilly. If you're an MCM afficionado, this store should not be your first-choice hang-out, but you'll find something occasionally, most likely amidst the dishes. Booths are attractively arranged, and the operation is cheerful and professional, so don't look for OMG!bargain finds by digging through dusty bins. It's more a case of reasonable-ish pricing with the fun of browsing in a pleasant environment. A normal sort of middle-class person without cash to burn can still find plenty of affordable vintage goodies.4. There is a scrapbook booth. It's small and heavily curated to be "antique-ish" in feel.5.  The snack bar can make a very pleasant grilled-cheese sandwich and an enjoyable latte. In a place this big, a snack in hand is very welcome.
4	This is a place to get lost in...really only 3 stars but I give it a fourth one because its so unique.It's more of a time capsule then the normal antique store and you may not find the deals your looking for.
4	My house burned down on Friday, March 15th, 2013 and I needed a place to go to just clear my mind.  This place is huge but they have so many cool antiques at this location.  Alot of things from the yester years.  It was a cool experience and prices were very reasonable.  I didn't buy nothing on this day but I will my next visit.
5	If you love antiques and you have never been to the Brass Armadillo you need to seriously check this place out! I even brought a friend here recently that is not into antiques and he ended up buying more than I did! I collect antiques and anytime I go to this place I find something new and cool for my home. The people that work there are friendly and helpful in finding things you might be looking for. If you decide to go make sure you have a few hours to kill and plenty of spending cash
3	Every thing is over priced compared to many other stores that sell the same things
5	Oh my gosh! This place is amazing!!! Spent over four hours browsing and barely made it through half the mall! The selection is fantastic & the prices reasonable. I loved looking around at all the different items. I'll definitely be back!
5	This place is so much fun to come in and shop for antiques and collectibles.  What makes this place unique is the way the store is organized to make it easier to shop.  The front right side of the store has glass cases and shelves for the smaller collectibles.  The rest of the store has the larger antiques and furniture items.The staff here is always helpful and friendly.  Over the years, it's remained one of our favorite antique places in town.Return Factor - 95%
4	This place is huge. They have so many antiques, it's almost overwhelming. I would say the prices are generally pretty good, but not as inexpensive as some other antique places. I have found some treasures here, but many times I leave empty handed. Despite this, I would definitely recommend the Brass Armadillo...you never know what you're gonna get!
5	This is not particularly for you the shopper, who'll find a bit of everything at all prices.  This is for a potential vendor of stuff; I mean seller of expertly chosen quality second hand items of various ages.  Do you sell on E-Bay?  Have you sold in an antique mall before?  Are you unfamiliar with the culture of antique malls but would like to know more and start selling?  Do you love to make extra income from yard sales but want to get more formal?  Skip the next two paragraphs and I'll give you Brass Armadillo details.  I am an expert collector.  I've prowled second hand and book stores, flea markets, pawn shops and antique venues all my life.  Of course I've never dumpster dived for items like thrown out World War II weaponry, 1920's 16 MM movies, Erector Sets, tools or construction materials.  That's beneath my personal dignity.  That's trash.  Like a Yelp* rating, some of my precious cargo is Woohoo!, some of it is Meh.     Lots of it  must leave my premises. Antique malls are places where vendors rent floor or display case space to display and sell their wares.  They also pay a percentage as ones does at auction or E-Bay.  The Brass Armadillo is a national chain with six locations from Omaha to Phoenix.  Taking national the management intricacies of millions of gewgaws, baubles, gems, finds, collectables, vintage and antiques takes organization and talent.  When you run a nationally known antique destination next to I-17, attentive vendors renting your space will make money.   In 2013, I paid $50 per month to rent a four shelf three foot by four foot, locking display case in the closest antique boutique to my home.  Minimal wear on the car, fast and easy to reach.    Management of my receipts and monthly income reports were decent but not great.  The building owners raised the rent on tenants, the tenants bailed, and I was out of the antique business. I almost broke even in that low traffic location.The Brass Armadillo proudly advertises it has nearly 600 vendors at the Phoenix I-17 location.  One of the staff estimates 400 checks are sent to vendors bi-weekly.  Each check arrives with a receipt and inventory of items sold.  Approximately 66% of vendors cover rent and make money after Brass Armadillo takes their percentage.  I spoke with a vendor working the security and information desk.  At this location for twelve years, with a furniture booth and locking case, they've taken a class and are approved by management to man the desk and be reimbursed a percentage of space rent for their service.  They make money every month.  A seven foot, six shelf locking cabinet rents for $85 per month, rent due bi-weekly.   Paid employees man the register counter, putting items on lay-away, providing security beeper tags for expensive items, wrapping fragile items and recording sales at the register.  Brass Armadillo is well organized and secure.  You have many choices for shopping and selling across our vast valley.  This is a pretty good one.
4	This place is massive! You better have lots of time on your hands to browse. I was looking for a specific item and did not find it. But I found lots ofOther goodies. This location could use better signs I help find things you want to go back to. Other than that, great selection and friendly staff.
4	Came here for the first time last night a few hours before they closed. I must say that there were many interesting things for sale. I don't know what I was expecting an "antique mall" to be but it really wasn't what I expected. It's basically full of glass cases , open cases, and many floor items that vendors stock I'm hopes of selling. It's a great idea and I found many things I wouldn't  mind buying. Some things I wouldn't consider "antique" though. It seems to be a little under staffed cause I didn't really come in contact with many.
4	I got to say this is one of the best antique store in the valley, you got to have at least two hours to get a good look at the story, you never know what you going to find in here, I will recommend this place to family am friends. Ill be back again when I have more time and not in a hurry.
4	Put a bunch of antiques/vintage collectibles/rummage/pawn/yard/est8 sales 2gether all in 1 place & what~dya~got? The Brass Armadillo!! It's a consignment style warehouse turned massive 'hoarder paradise' (but in a good way & much nicer setting). U never know what treasures u'll find & yes I'm guilty of tagging along w/ some1 wanting 2 go, then leaving w/ unexpected purchases on a few different occasions. Hey, someXs it just can't b helped!    Columns of endless glass display cases from the entrance-middle of store on the right section can feel a bit overwhelming, if not disorienting (like a rat in a maze) or u might get the sens8ion of being in a casino w/ stimulus overload but maybe that works 2 their advantage when u end up zoning~out & find urself being checked out @ the front registers.    This treasure trove of eclectic-the eccentric/common-rare/retro-avant garde modern, has more than u could expect 2 find from grandma's jewelry, grandpa's old military trunk, brother's rather extensive vintage Playboy collection, mom's favorite artist prints, dad's various tinkering tools, sister's vinyl records, cousin's figurine collection & all of their closets, office, attics &/or garages combined... well, u get the idea (& if not): Furniture, knick~knacks, clothing, accessories, collectibles, books, home decor, instruments etc etc etc. Aspiring Antiques Roadshow dreamers, here's ur place!   I can't select a pricing scale as it depends on the item(s) & perhaps it really boils down 2 how much u want/need/luv it. Just know it seems u can both Lose or Find urself while within these walls! (Alice in 1derland any1)? Or how about a serious scavenger hunt held here? Now, that would b an Amazing Challenge!!   If ur currenty a 'hoarder', u'll most certainly suffer a pretty permanent re~lapse so b 4warned if u know any who defines that word! I just know 4 the sake of my pocketbook, many Xs I have 2 steer clear of this place cuz it offers 2 much 2 b passed up on & I can't afford 2 'window~shop' here! It's ur trip down Nostalgia or Amnesia Lane & not quite sure if I feel older or younger when leaving! Tee~hee ;-)
5	This is a great place if you are interested in looking for small treasures in glass cases (as half of the store is just that). I thoroughly enjoy strolling the isles to see their latest items for sale.
5	Oh my gosh every time I come here there is always new stuff to look at.You need to plan on staying for about 2 hours to finish look in at everything. I love this place. My mother couldn't believe all the stuff that was in here.
1	Manager : Lack of management skills and has no understanding about customer services/support. Need to learn how to treat customer with respect.   No more shopping at this store.
5	I love the Brass Armadillo! As far as antique shops go, you can't get any better than this. The place is huge; I could spend hours just looking at all of the neat stuff. The staff is awesome - very friendly and helpful. I love the video game collections and the artwork. If you're in the area, check it out - even if just to browse!
5	This place is HUGE, one could get lost in here for hours. The assortment of items is amazing and prices are reasonable. They literally have everything you could think of and then some. Top notch!
5	Huge place loads of fun to look buy rummage find treasures you never even new you wanted till you see it there glass cases open booths some fun design ideas for display welcome to an entire day of fun
5	This is an incredible, extensive antique mall!  I've gotten so many things here over the years, and my husband and I have enjoyed hours of delightful exploring through endless aisles.  There are tons of incredible finds - the place is divided into seeming infinite aisles of small vendor booths, and also many aisles of glass cases.  Prices vary, but there are plenty of reasonably priced items in great condition.  This isn't one of those places where all the average person can do is browse.Whatever you're looking for, they'll probably have it in there somewhere, and either way, you're sure to enjoy the search!!
4	Stopped in after dinner at Carmine's. This is a kids paradise. Take you time and look around. So many cool things to see. Our daughter was PUMPED!
4	This place is terrifying. If you're scared of clutter, I would stay miles away. If you're allergic to dust. Stay away. If you like searching through miles of random bric-a-brac and haggling then you'll love it.This is definitely the place to find unique, random and interesting things. If you need it, they have it. Have fun searching!
