5	What an excellent Italian restaurant.  I cannot figure out why no one else has written a review yet...Regale is located inside the Excalibur Hotel and Casino and as of this writing is only open Friday-Sunday evenings.  It is an excellent middle-high end Italian restaurant with very good food.I happened upon Regale after meeting my mom and grandma at the Pai Gow table, asking of course, if they were ready for dinner.  About 5 hands and 100 dollars later, it was decided that I would buy Italian.  I was not disappointed.My grandmother and I ordered the Taste of Italy special (Soup/Salad, 3 mini portions of lasagna, chicken parmigiana, and fettuccine alfredo, and tiramisu for !!19 bucks!!).  My mom ordered a side order of meatballs with a tomato/mozzarella salad..  The house salad was served with an Italian vinaigrette and was delicious.  The tomato/mozzarella salad was even better as I was 'begrudgingly' assigned leftover duties.  For the entrees, all 3 were excellent.  As I was already stuffed, I had my portion of alfredo, and smaller portions of the lasagna and chicken (and mom's leftover meatballs).  All 4 were excellent, the lasagna being especially tasty.  But then came the tiramisu.  It was incredible, and probably the best tiramisu I've ever had.All in all the ladies and I enjoyed a great meal at a relatively inexpensive price tag.  The next time I'm at Excalibur I will definitely make a point of coming back to Regale.Editor's note:  I misspelled every Italian word at least twice.  Auto-spellcheck is a really nice Firefox feature.
4	My wife and I didn't have high hopes, but fate had found us in Excalibur at 9PM and the 20$ for breadsticks, salad, meal and dessert seemed like a good deal.Quite how a quality Italian restaurant exists in gaudy Excalibur, mere feet away from quite possibly the most revolting buffet ever conceived by man, is beyond me, but we really loved the food here.The breadsticks and salad were not quite up to Olive Garden standard, but the pasta was sensational. I had the Rigatoni Bolognaise. Now, I'm not usually a fan of this sort of sauce, but this was very tasty and the pasta was cooked to perfection. Serving size was enormous. The only drawback is that this isn't the sort of place that does "to go" boxes.The tiramisu dessert, included with the deal was average, but that's probably because I'm not a huge fan of it in the first place.
2	I must be a big old food snob, because I ate at this place last night and thought it was awful. Unfortunately, my suspicions of a hotel restaurant were confirmed - way over priced, under flavored, and just very "meh" in general. We had a party of 8, and not only was the waiter rude and firm (No soup substitutions for salad, no split checks, no cake cutting in the back..), but the food was just yucky. Breadsticks were cheap oven baked kind with some sort of "garlic lard" spread on top, and the salad was over-dressed and you could tell it had been made in a 40-gallon drum at the beginning of the day. It was soggy and limp and NOT how a salad should be (Olive garden was better than this place - and that's saying a lot). The actual pasta was fine, nothing spectacular but I was surprised given how nasty the bread and salad were that the pasta was even palatable. Huge portions, but $16 for a plate of angel hair with tomatoes is absurd - a box of the dry pasta costs less than a buck! Now, normally I might say that ambience accounts for a lot of the cost, but this place was decked out in a mix between tacky tudor and TGI Friday. Save your money and go to Ellis Island on Koval St. for a $6.99 steak dinner. You'll be a lot happier.
1	Two words...Olive Garden.  Exact same salad and bread sticks....unfortunately the simple spaghetti with marinara tasted like it was from Denny's.  Also the eggplant wasn't much better.  I would suggest going anywhere else for Italian.  On the bright side the service was good.
1	I'm amazed at some of the stellar reviews about this place.  Wife & I tried it after reading some of the other good reviews and weren't impressed.  We definitely know good Italian food, and this is not it.  First the bread arrives, it is bland bread sticks similar to what you get at Little Ceasar's Pizza. This was a bad sign already, if they can't get bread right, the rest can't be much better.I had the Eggplant Rollatini, very bland mostly due to the lousy marinara sauce which tasted like stale canned sauce.  It was also rather oily, almost like it was somehow deep fried (I thought eggplant rollatini is supposed to be baked?)  Wife had the vegetarian pizza, which was better, but still by no means excellent.  We passed on desserts and left.  Service was okay, not bad by any means but can't make up for the lousy food.  We were there around 6:30pm on a Saturday, and it was a ghost town.  Maybe 3-4 tables occupied, out of a room of at least 50.  Everyone wore a nametag that had an Excalibre logo on it, I guess the hotel itself runs this restaurant.  That is probably the only reason why it hasn't shut down, if it were a private enterprise it probably would already be long gone...Do yourself a favor & cross the street to New York New York and eat at Il Fornaio's.  Similar prices, but much better food.
1	UPDATE: This was during a trip in September 2009; unfortunately, this didn't get posted until 2 years late. Very glad to see they closed and now a Buca di Peppo is in it's place. Avoid at all costs! We were there with a large group, so it wasn't our first choice to eat. The review that compared it to Olive Garden was too kind. We both had the canneloni, and before we got back to the room, we were already feeling sick. Besides it being bland, tasteless and generally unappetizing, it was way overpriced. Customer service was mediocre at best. Since the meal made us both sick, we called to complain and were told that we'd have to talk to security and fill out a form for risk management. The person we talked to assumed we were claiming food poisoning (which we weren't), so that made us doubly suspicious. From the salad to dessert, everything had the consistency of nursing home food that had been run through a blender. Run the other way - and fast!
