5	Karls bakery is the BEST in town. I am a regular at Karls and I do not agree with M.P about stale goods. They have a great selection and many things like Napolion and echler(i hope i wrote it true)  is a must to try!
4	I had to work on my birthday today... how frustrating is that?!  Luckily, I have a fun job and my work today was manning the Yelp booth at the Sunnyslope Fall Festival, so it wasn't so bad.  It was a beautiful day afterall!  And to make it even better, Christina P remembered my birthday and brought me some treats from Karl's!I'd never heard of Karl's before, but I may have to make a special trip next time I am craving some baked goods.  Inside the cute pink box from Christina were several really pretty cookies shaped like leaves and a turkey with the colors of autumn - they were so beautiful I didn't want to eat them, but I did... and they were yummy!  Also inside the pretty pink box was the best apple pastry I've tasted in a long time!  It was doughy and sweet and delicious!  There was a brownie but I gave that away even though it also looked pretty amazing.Thank goodness calories don't count on your birthday, right?Thanks again for the yummy birthday treats, Christina, and more importantly, thanks for introducing me to Karl's!
4	This review is based on only a few of Karl's items. Mainly... the 'Alligator'... for the pecan nut in you. Buy it. Eat it. Savor it. Curse Karl for selling it. Repeat. So good.
5	One of my employees is from Switzerland and said Karl's is as close as it gets to the bakery in her small village back home.  I take goodies in whenever I can.   Now that's a compliment.
5	Ordered a birthday cake "strawberry shortcake" to be exact. It was excellent! It had a good amount of strawberry filling that actually had fruit in it, not just sweet red gel that I've seen from other places. Whipped cream frosting that was nice and light, not too sweet! I am also pleased that they suggested the perfect size for the number of guests.
4	Karl's has delicious bakery items. I love to look at the seasonal cookies (they are not as sweet as they look - more like shortbread "sweet.") and the eclairs and almond horns are great! But, you'd expect that from a bakery. Here's my hot tip: you can buy whole, half or 1/4 quiche there. And they are awesome and reasonably priced. The crust is irresistible! (Literally. I always tell myself I'm not going to eat the crust -- under other circumstances I can take it or leave it -- but I just can't say no to this crust!)
5	Please run here... do not walk, run!  Do not let the dumpy strip mall fool you!  The only con- I wish they had fancy coffee drinks.  That's just me being a snob.  Otherwise, ah.maze.zing.  I had a blueberry scone this morning and the other time I went in, I had the BRAN!  Both leave my mouth watering.  I work in this area and have a new job in a week- the only thing that makes me sad about that is leaving my boyfriend Karl behind.
3	I've been to Karl's a couple of times now, for donuts/pastries.  The cake donuts are great.  But I was underwhelmed by the cinnamon roll, muffins, and raised donuts.  Everything seemed fresh, I just didn't care for the flavor and consistency.I do appreciate that it's a locally owned place where they do seem to care about their product.  I suggest you check it out if you're in the neighborhood, and make your own decision.
4	I finally stopped in here last week to get some treats on the half way point of my weekly Saturday bike ride.  I ordered the apple strudel which was simply excellent.  It had the right balance of cinnamon and other spices with a light breaded finish.  I also order a slice of pizza that had a different (in a positive way) taste.  It had pepperonis and plenty of veggies.  The bakery does have a few tables and prepared food.  Ordering can be challenging since the shop has two rooms with baked goods.  I found myself wondering between the two.  I did not quite understand which products where in one room and which in the other?I stopped by again on Saturday and got some crescants, cupcakes and cookies.  I am quite satisfied and intend to add Karl's to my weekend routine.A true gem in the heat ridden dust bowl (aka Phoenix).  The atmosphere is truly European and the food is served with care and quality.
3	I know people swear by this place, but I was underwhelmed! I bought a birthday cake there. It wasn't large, but it cost over $20 and it wasn't even that good. The frosting was ok but the cake itself was dry. Maybe I was ordering the wrong thing..
5	Wonderful European pastries.  If you are looking for super sweet and over processed, go to Safeway.
4	I have been a customer here for years. And in fact I like Karl's so much, that I purposely don't go here. That might sound odd, but I have a weakness for some things. One of those things are apple fritters and fortunately/unfortunately Karl's literally makes THE BEST apple fritters in the world. Not only are they super moist (but not mushy) and filled with loads of apple chunks on the inside, they are super crispy and lovingly covered with the perfect amount of glaze on the outside. Now add to this to the fact that they are the size of a adult human head and you can see why I need to avoid the place. I could eat one of these every single day of my life and not get tired of them! I have tried most of the more average bakery items at Karl's (the stuff you can get anywhere), but they have some items that are simply above and beyond what you find elsewhere and those are the things that make me come back time after time. 1) The Alligator - a huge flaky dough thing covered in nuts and a caramelized topping that makes you drool. It's big, so I take it to family events and there are never any leftovers. Poof. Gone. Ahhhh happy tummy. 2) The Apple Strudel - Karl's does the flaky puffed stuff proud and the filling is perfectly spiced. Another fabulous family meal treat! 3) The Season Fresh Fruit Tarts - Check out their FB page to see what the current offerings are and you won't be disappointed. There is a ton of fruity topping on these, so they have to be healthy right?!! 4) The Quiche - As the lovely Christina P. points out the crust at Karl's is really good. Great taste - perfect flaky bite - baked to just the right golden level. They usually have 2 or 3 fillings to pick from. Get there before lunch if you want to be guaranteed to find your favorite. Tip: this is another great thing to take to a brunch. Family owned. Non-chain. Great selection. Uber friendly staff. Co-workers and family have all benefited from my relationship with Karl's. Stop in and pick up a sweet treat... just please please please, leave me one apple fritter! : )
5	A-freaking-MAZING.I went to high school with the owner's daughter (who now runs The Baker's Daughter next door, also fantastic), and this was a regular spot my friends and I would stop at in the morning on the way to school. I have only come to appreciate it more post-high school, and love this place! If I was forced to pick a favorite, I'd have to say the cheese puffs. There is nothing else like them on earth - sweet and the filling is amazing, the puff pastry is divine, oh goodness here I am crying while thinking about a pastry. Really, they are that good. The apple fritters are also fantastic. I know someone who stops here and buys a box of pastries whenever they are having a sales meeting or anything else at work, because seriously, NO ONE can be in a bad mood after eating ANYTHING from here and they pretty much worship the ground you walk on after you give them any of the sweet perfections from this bakery.
5	Love this place...love the frosted sugar cookies. They are the best in town. Ask for anything and they can make it!  I needed "Dr. Seuss" cookies and bought the cookie cutter...the "Cat in the Hat" cookies were amazing...thanks!  Xavier "Gator" cookies...no problem!  Just can't say enough good things.Laura
5	I walked into Karl's Quality Bakery looking for something small like a donut, or a  cookie.  Little did I know I'd be walking out with 2 cookies, 2 bran muffins, 2 Ham and cheese danish, and a partridge in a pear tree (not really).  That's the beauty with these delicious bakeries.....everything just looks so good!  Karl's has a nice selection of freshly baked goodies.  I don't know that many bakeries that serve up such good pastries.  I apparently came in too early and wasn't able to experience their wide selection of awesomeness and what they bring out on a daily basis. Like the terminator says..."Ill be back"I give them high marks for the inexpensive menu, quality of food, and the friendly service.  Be sure to check out The Baker's Daughter next door :)
5	The store was quaint and clean. The service was friendly, quick and special. They were not in a hurry to usher me out, they took time to cater to my two children and make it a delightful experience for all of us. The selection is great. I always am in awe of bakeries and the amount of work that goes into making all these delectable bites for just one day. It is a family run bakery, the mother of the bakery told me they get there at 3am to start the day! They have been there for 18 years, what dedication!  They all work together as a family and push out some professional and beautiful goodies, not to mention delicious! Among the many things we get, my favorite has to be the apple strudels. I can't explain to you how amazing these pieces of heaven are, go get one or two ;)
4	For all the people that had a bad experience, I am shocked. We came in on a Friday afternoon, so didn't have the full selection to pick from. But, everything we did choose was wonderful. The eclair was delicious and the frosting for the German Chocolate cupcake was to die for. The owner was very proud of her shop and should be; she made delicious desserts and was very competitively priced! Forget all the chain and grocery store desserts, this is the place to come for anything!
5	This bakery is a staple.   Delicious baked good, delicious coffee and the friendliest customer service.   Absolutely love Karl's!
3	I appreciate that this place makes things with decent ingredients and "OLDE TIME" Swiss methods, so three stars.Most of the "things" (doughnuts, cookies) are pretty run-of-the-mill in taste, however, and for the calorie investment I'm making, I want more flavor. As other reviewers have mentioned, the plain cake doughnut makes the grade; they don't douse it with sugar glaze so it has a natural "sweet bread" flavor (not sickly sweet like most pastries). Also, like others have said, the crisp and scrumptious exterior really drives it home.My big cautions with this place are two: 1) Do NOT get anything with chocolate; it seems everything chocolate there, including made by the chocolatier daughter next door, has taken on the taste of the smell of the building (if that makes sense). It's really off-putting to bite into something expecting the pleasure that is chocolate and get some weird sockish taste.  I guess I'll add the caveat that their cookies are not the soft variety, but more of a crunchy consistency; I hate that. Anyway, 2) Expect a bad attitude. I dunno, when I go in here the staff all seems like the other customers and I are irritating them. I notice this prima donna-ish attitude seems to be a thing amongst bakers, but it's pretty obnoxious. A few of the workers (including, I believe, the aforementioned "daughter") were pretty nice, but mostly it's sad sacks all around.Still, I guess you can be pretty sour if the stuff you make tastes sweet enough for people to come back!
5	I heard rumors about Karl's Quality Bakery from some of my friends and through other reviews, I just have to try it out. Saturday mornings from 7 to 8 am around the valley seems to be quite lovely; barely any traffic on the roads at all. All you weekend pleasure drivers should give it a try. The drive north on 7th avenue to Dunlap took about 10 minutes, and my head danced towards thoughts of sugarplums... and other sweet treats. I hope they have a good Apple Filled donut!Arriving this early just about anywhere means you pretty much have the run of the place. There were one or two other customers and the scent of freshly baked goodies was almost overwhelming. I had my eye on the freshly made quiche, which looked awesome, but that's not what I was really here for. I asked the girl at the counter "What's your most popular donut" and I got a list of some of the local favorites; Apple Fritter, a variety of fruit / cheese danish, a few different cream filled goodies. MMMM... what a way to start your Saturday! Unfortunately no Apple Filled donut, but the Apple Danish looked like a pretty good alternative.Mental note: Next time bring cash, $10 minimum order with credit cards. We ended up ordering extras to meet the $10 mark and the thought of bringing home donuts is scary. I know that if I bring baked goods into the house, its leaving one of two ways; me eating it, or my wife eating it. I'm pretty sure we all know how that's gonna turn out. We sat at one of the cafe tables and began sharing. Yes, that thing you were taught when you were two. Sharing is caring!At the first bite of the Apple Danish I was hooked. In my head I am working out this scheme to convince my wife that it was no good and she wouldn't even like it. Since that probably wouldn't work anyway. I gave in to my selfish desires to finish the danish and shared the other half, with my other half. The Apple Filling was just about perfect.Thank's for such great pastries and desserts. Happy Yelping Phoenix!
5	This review is for Karl's Bakery and The Bakers Daughter. I've been coming to Karl's since I was allowed to walk down the street by myself as a kid. Then some years passed and I remember walking to Karl's every morning before in high school and getting a maple long john!!! These are by far my favorite treat here... but If you want one you better be there early because they seem to sell out because they are pretty popular!Honestly the best bakery in town! They have everything from Chocolate covered strawberries to croissants! Fresh cookies and treats made daily too! a box of Karl's goodies always makes for a great treat to bring to a party or if you're just in a good mood you could bring some donuts too your co-workers ( they will love you forever)I love that this bakery is family owned and operated! They staff (family) is always in a good mood! Having a party and need a special order? come to Karl's to get cookies, cake and other yummy treats that your guest will love! I recently was throwing a party to celebrate my mothers fifth year of being cancer free and I was going crazy with the treat and special details. I went in to The Bakers Daughters Chocolate shop (connected to the bakery) to talk to Cristine about doing a special order of truffles for me. She wasn't there so I left my name, number and Idea with the sweet girl who was working at the time. Not even and hour later Christine called me back to discus the details. She was amazing and had no problem answering all my questions and totally went above and beyond to make me exactly what I was looking for while still working within my budget! I'm so excited to see the final product but I'm sure the little ovarian cancer ribbon chocolates will be perfect!! I wouldn't expect anything less from this amazing place. Defiantly check out the new addition to Karl's which is called The Bakers Daughter! Everything is soooo amazing and she specializes in truffles! so many varieties my favorite is the roasted raspberry and the lavender! The truffles are a little pricey but defiantly worth it!!! They are priced in weight and are about 11$ for a 100 grams ** which comes out to around 99 cents for the normal truffles and about 1.20$ for the gourmet ones!!! Once you have been to Karl's I swear you will be hooked!!
5	Delicious treats.Impressive selection.  Cream puffs, Napoleons, fruit tarts, quiche, dumplings, apple fritters, cookies, Alligators, etc.The selection is classic, the quality ideal, the taste is delicious.I hit up this place every time I'm in the area no matter how hungry I am.
5	Oh boy, my waistline is going to hate me for discovering this delightful bakery! I've been reading about the delicacies found at Karl's for sometime now and this past week, I was in the area and finally had the chance to stop by!I wish more local bakeries like Karl's existed in the Valley. It's the type of bakery that you walk into and are immediately greeted by a smiling face and a whiff of delectable smells coming from the oven. The counter is full of rows of baked goodness including muffins, pastries, donuts, breads and desserts. Everything looks tempting and I could probably just eat my way through the bakery. Since it was triple digit weather and I wasn't going straight home, my choices were limited since many of the items have cream in them, but I did manage to take home several fresh muffins that were fluffy and moist. I also noticed delicious donuts, including cronuts! Everything is homemade and fresh. I will be visiting Karl's in the future for fresh loaves of bread, pastries and desserts. *** When you visit Karl's, make sure you pay a visit to the Baker's Daughter next door!
5	I have no idea why I've forgotton Karl's bakery. I get in patch where I shop grocery store backeries- I like Bashas. BUT Karl's is so good!   I've been watching the New York Cronut  phenomenon and wondering WHEN I would finally get to try one. Then thank the Heavens Karl came up with his Kronuts. they had three different kind this morning. The sugared one had lemon flavor and the other two may have been bavarian cream, not sure. All three were tasty. My only suggestion- one with NO filling and a glaze on top or whatever. I loved them!    Karl was handing out samples and everyone there was in agreat mood. Love this Bakery- Not close to me, but worth the drive. Thanks
3	When I read that Karl's had kronuts....I had to go get one. The BF and I have been trying to get one for at least a week, most days they sell out early in the morning. We were able to get our hands on one this morning. We had the lemon basil flavor, and it was good, but I'm not sure what the craze is about. The idea of a croissant/donut cross sounds wonderful, but in reality I thought it just tasted like a donut....didn't really have the flavor or texture of a croissant (even though you could see that it looked like a croissant in the middle). It was a good donut, but nothing I would go crazy for. We also got a chocolate croissant and it was pretty middle of the road...nothing great, nothing bad, just ok. Overall, this place was a-ok.
5	All Hail the "Cronut".  My buddy and I's cross Phoenix adventure to find cronuts lead us to Karl's.  They only had the chocolate one's left, but let me assure you they are delicious.  This love child of a croissant, donut, and eclair is amazing. You can tell they actually make the custard filling as it doesn't have that processed taste almost all creme filled donuts have here. I can't recommend them highly enough.  The lady behind the counter was extremely nice and helpful always a good sign from a local bakery and much appreciated.  They do have a minimum credit card charge of $10 so keep that in mind. They had a ton of stuff from cakes, muffins, bread, etc. so there is plenty to try.Great place I'll have to make another trek up there.Try:- French Donuts ( Cronut )
4	I heard about "cronuts" the other day and was very curious.  I did some searching on the web and found this bakery.  I decided to make the trip to Phoenix to pay them a visit yesterday.  I purchased two lemon basil and two chocolate for $10.20 with tax.  I brought them home to try.  My husband was skeptical at first and we started with the lemon basil.  I didn't like this one at all.  Lemon basil is usually something that I associate with Italian food or chicken, but the lady at the store said it was very popular so I figured we should give it a try.  The chocolate one was very good.  The custard filling was fresh and plentiful and it had just the right amount of icing.  They have some baked goods in there that looked amazing, so I would be interested in trying those sometime too.  However, it would be really great if someone could make the drive for me as this place is far from my home.  It was worth the drive to satisfy my curiosity about the "cronut".
3	I'm no sure what the hype about. "Cronuts" or Fre do are just like a donut with bavarian cream filling. I can now say I've tried it and I might have it again if I came across it. It seemed like the one staff member helping us was struggling to be friendly. As we ate our pastries in the seating area, I believe he was the owner, went around and gave a free cookie to his customers. They sell cakes, chocolates, and special drinks like italian soda here as well.
1	Asked for a couple of donuts and then tried to pay but was rudely told that they only accepted cash for under $10 purchases. Since I live alone I couldn't use that many pastries so I ended up leaving empty handed. I felt okay about that though because the employee did not make me want to do business there.
5	They MOVED.  They did not close.  They switched locations after many years due to issues with their landlord.Find them on Facebook to keep up to date with their current and upcoming location...Yelp... Do your research before deeming a place closed!
5	Great family owned bakery. My family has been coming here for years for their high quality breads, especially around the holidays. They also have a huge selection of baked goods, all very delicious. My review is particularly regarding a custom cake they made for me. I called last minute with a custom cake order that no one else in the valley would fill (slipped my mind that they made cakes) and they didn't even hesitate. When I made the request, cameo cake with a browning deer imagine, the baker looked it up online to get the exact imagine. The cake was by far so much better than I could have imagined. Make sure to check them out (sounds like they moved locations) and support your local business.
1	I am so sad to say this is the worst customer service place ever. I went there a couple of times when they were on Dunlap and they were always cold and very unfriendly.I do not know why they were so cold.  They did not say hi to me and they said hello to my husband when he walked in way after me because he was parking the car,  I told my husband to stop there to see  what they had.  It was my idea.  I walked in smiling and made eye contact by nothing.  I wanted to spend money there. They greeted and welcomed my husband but not me?  I was dressed well.   The only difference was is my husband is not Hispanic.  The last three times I was there it happened each time. I walked out and will not  go there again.  Sad.
4	First time today, and was impressed with their quality and overall appeal of the bakery.  Had an amazing bran muffin and raisin croissant.....both delicious.  I will say that they don't appear to be able to handle much of a crowd.  One girl was working the counter and tediously stuffing 3 boxes of 36 donuts for one customer, while other customers piled up. Nobody came out to help her.  When she did find time to help, she was very nice.  I will try them again, yummy pastries, but hope they improve on their counter help.
