5	The Barrick Museum is a hidden jewel, especially if you like Ethnographic and Pre-Columbian Art. Its located on UNLV's campus and features a xeric demonstration garden. They offer free coffee Monday mornings and free yoga Tuesday afternoons.
3	I'm glad I visited and the price is right since admission is free. I would have liked it more if they had a greater variety of artifacts. It's just a lot of the same stuff. The parking is metered and I paid for two hours worth of parking but I was through everything in about an hour.
4	Visited this museum on a trip to Vegas last year. They have some really interesting exhibits. I really enjoyed the Day of the Dead items as I am fascinated with this holiday and its intent to celebrate life rather than mourn. Also the Huipil textiles are beautiful to look at and they reminded me of the Mola that the Kuna women create. So much work go into these and they are not just fashion they have so much meaning...much is conveyed via color and pattern and layers. They make the term fashionista almost ancient. :)Anyone with the least bit of interest in history would enjoy this. It does not take a full day but a few hours are needed to see everything in detail.
5	I haven't spent a lot of time at the museum displays.  Rather, I often to to the Barrick for the UNLV Forum lecture series.The museum is small as others have pointed out, but it's exhibits are wonderful.  I love the little sand digging option for youngsters to enjoy and learn while digging in sand.There's a new exhibit starting in two days called "Visions of Peru."  I'll have to stop in and see it.The curators have a sense of community and humor.  Here's a quote about an upcoming event:March 14, 2011 - March 18, 2011Location: Marjorie Barrick MuseumPlants Vacation @ the Museum during Spring BreakThe Museum invites you to give your houseplant a vacation during Sping Break for a cultural retreat for plants. Throughout the week participants plants will be housed in the light flooded lobby, and presented with a series of musical events for plants.The drop off date will be March 14, and the pick-up will be on March 18. Please e-mail barrick.museum@unlv.edu with the subject line 'PLANT VACATION' to tell us if you are interested in giving your plant a vacation.
5	Had the pleasure of attending this museum last night with fellow yelpers. By far the smallest museum I have ever been to, but the knowledge and quality was still there. Lot's of new stuff I haven't seen before. If you're in the area or on campus @UNLV definitely give this place a check out.5 stars for me!
5	I've been coming here since I was an undergrad at UNLV in 2002. Back then there was a bigger emphasis on natural history. I recall that there was no less than three stuffed bears, including a polar bear, and a lot of stuffed birds. They also used to have live animals out front, but do not any longer.Now the emphasis seems to be shifting towards rotating art displays, which suits me. My favorite recent exhibit was the Ice Next Time," an exhibition of fictional post-apocalypse textiles, clothing, and artifacts. There is an alcove with relevant documentaries and videos playing that you can enjoy, and the museum often has events for all ages, including fun stuff for both kids and adults.The xeriscape outside is one of my favorite places on the UNLV campus because it gives you a nice shady place to relax and enjoy desert plants (and lots of birds and lizards).
4	Cool museum at the campus of UNLV.  We saw lots of paintings as well as a huge collection of masks.  best of all, it was FREE!!!!
5	I'm ashamed to admit that before being a part of the Seduction of the Innocent Banned Comic Book Art exhibit reception last night put on by Pj Perez and Yelp, I hadn't been there before. This is a REALLY nice museum!
4	In a City filled with glitz and glam...or at least an offering of those things.. It's quite a beautiful thing to sit back within yourself and enjoy the heart of someone else's creativity.My second trip to the Marjorie Barrick Museum was as fantastic as the first, only this time amongst fellow elite Yelpers. A spectacular exhibit of Comic renderings and the history of the craft alongside some other very well put together art pieces was something more than a treat. If you have never had the chance, do your soul a favor and visit the museum for a fresh perspective on the World around you, and If nothing else.. Sit and enjoy the flow of art around you. You will be glad you did !
3	Nice quiet place to study, plus it is free for the public. The art exhibits don't change very often and the hours are very limited. Call a head of time.
3	Mixed feelings about this place. The traveling show on view when I was there was lovely.  A small display of Mesoamerican artifacts was fascinating and well presented. But, the vast majority of the collection is not displayed, so most of what you see on the website you will not see when you visit.
3	This is more a reflection on UNLV than the museum. I couldn't find it! Youll need to bring a student because I'm assuming most people visiting this museum are students. As a first timer to campus, it was hard to find parking, which ended up being very far from the museum and only took $1 which I didn't have. After walking around in 100 degree heat with no directories other than cryptic jumbles of abbreviations, I hit a few dead ends then left when I started to die of heat. I'm looking forward to visiting when I'm more prepared to spend all day finding it or have a friend with parking and directions.
