3	Decent fresh airport Mexican-like food.  Good guac, and the chips are freshly fried , but  scarce.  Biggest issue for me is the inability to pour a full draft beer.  Putting 12 ounces in a 14 ounce glass really peeves me.  When I pointed it out to the wait help, I got a well it's foamy.
2	It is an airport, the food is below standard in any other context. The prices at Jose Roux is higher then it should be, they taste was bland. Skip the salads, basically it was a Mexican flavored coleslaw for $8. Maybe the bar is worthy, it seemed popular?
4	I came here for the Gelato shop that is right next door. For some odd reason it is connected to this place but not listed on Yelp. Good Gelato!!!
5	Stopped here on a quick layover.  Great food and beer, super fast service.  Steak tacos were killer- reminded me of the street tacos in my grandma's neighborhood in Mexico.  For quicker service -  sit at the bar.
1	I ordered the eggs rancheros. The tortillas were home made but not properly cooked as they were doughy and really thick. My friend had the chicken quesadilla. The chicken was hard as a rock due to being over cooked. The only thing that was good were our mimosas. Do not recommend this place.
5	Stopped in here when my flight from Phoenix to Raleigh showed a 3 hour delay... they have very comfy lounge chairs and coffee tables that are perfect to take advantage of the free wi-fi in the airport. The staff was courteous and when they had ran out of queso, the manager brought me out complementary chips and salsa. The service was excellent with the waitress coming to check on me multiple times and refilling my drink. As for the food. the beans were spiced excellently, the rice was good and soft not undercooked, and the steak tacos were phenomenal, in the home made corn tortilla. Overall excellent.
4	No complaints from me. There was actually a line waiting to get inside, so I figured it must be decent... :) Service was good, margarita(s) were great! I liked having a comfortable lounge-type chair to sit in, while I did some work. I ordered a salad, and apparently their lettuce wasn't looking too good to serve; so the manager came down and apologized for the situation. They substituted it with romaine lettuce and I was happier. :)They're over at the end of the C gates for Southwest. I don't always fly them, but next time I do... I'd eat here again.
4	3.5 stars, but I'll round up.  For airport food, this was a great find.  There were a number of vegetarian options, a place to sit down, and OK margaritas.  I had 2, and they each came out quite differently -- not sure why.  The lady next to me had an issue with her salad and they took care of it right away and checked in to make sure that the replacement was working.  I'd go back.  I'd like to see the food be a little spicier, but it was nicely flavored other than that.
3	I appreciate any airport restaurant that doesn't feel over-crowded or cramped.  We usually have to stop in Phoenix for our layover going to and from California from Texas, so I think this might be our new dinner spot.  It's big, plenty of seating, and clean.I love the affordable menu options...especially for being in an airport.  My husband and I both got the taco plates (mine steak and his fish) which come with two soft corn tortilla tacos, black beans, and rice.  The tacos were tasty but the rice and beans were flavorless and the rice seemed a bit undercooked.  After I drenched everything with hot sauce I was able to finish my meal.Although I love the cheap food options (around $6 for a taco or burrito meal), the drinks were super expensive.  Our Bloody Mary was $11!  My mango fresca (non-alcoholic) was about $4.The service was good and we don't really have any complaints.  This is a good option for someone looking for something not too greasy or heavy.
3	As far as airport dining goes, this is just okay.  The utensils are plastic and the menu isn't anything to rave about, but if you want some food, this place is good enough.The service was fine.  I had a quesadilla and it came with sour cream (probably frozen then defrosted), guacamole (bland) and salsa (definitely frozen).  I had a beer, too.  Maybe the beer is why I'm giving this three stars.  Daydrinking in airports is a personal favorite pasttime.
5	The customer service here was incredible! My friend and I decided to eat here during a layover. Our server, Carl, was so knowledgeable and helpful! When I ordered the vegetarian burrito bowl without cheese, he took the initiative to ask if I was vegan. (My friend and I both are.) Carl then told us that the veggies are cooked with butter and that he would, therefore, alert the kitchen staff to prepare them differently. He also said he would double-check on the tortillas. Carl did all of this of his own initiative and from his own knowledge. The truth is, my friend and I may not have known the difference had we just ordered off the menu as we had intended. But we were so very appreciative of Carl's awareness and initiative, and he really "made" our experience there! Thank you to the wonderful staff at Jose Roux at PHX!
4	7AM in Sky Harbor and someone is very hungry. The night before was a late one and I really want some food in me. The breakfast burrito sounded good and so I ordered it along with an Orange juice and a coffee. The food came quickly along with hot sauce. Now, generally anything hot is good. I come from the State where Tabasco sauce is made and love Indian, Thai and Mexican spicy foods. Therefore, I dump (without tasting) the entire hot sauce ramekan onto my breakfast which is already filled with eggs and chorizo. I'm not sure what caused my tongue to almost burn out. The chorizo or the salsa, or both. Perhaps the wine from the prior night was still on my toungue and induced a chemical reaction. Anyway, I explained to the waiter, that milk may be the antidote to bring me back to this earth as the inferno in my mouth was going to make for a really brutal Southwest flight. Thank God it worked! I'd go back and try it again, albeit,  in moderation. Funny experience.....and, great service!
5	Delicious! Friendly. And, again...delicious Mexican. Veggie Tacos.
3	If you're hungry and in the Phoenix airport Southwest terminal, this is the place I would recommend.  They have decent fresh tacos.
5	Jose Roux is your BEST food option if you're around the southwest gates. Between Jose Roux & Barfly, there is no need to eat crappy food at the Phoenix airport. Not only is Jose Roux's food fresh & good, it's incredibly well priced for airport food. I got the veggie taco plate  ($6 for 2 tacos, rice, & beans) and was so surprised and pleased with how good it was. The tortillas were delicious and are the thick corn style. The tacos had a nice layer of cheese, fresh veggies, and good salsa.
3	Place is alright. Better than most the other options here at the airport but nothing exceptional. Had chips, salsa, and fish tacos. A traditional dressing on the tacos would have been better than the salsa I think.
2	This restaurant should have really good food. The quality looks good. I couldn't figure out why it doesn't have more flavor. The person who took my to go order says it is all cooked to order. The steak and chicken seem like they should taste good. I take it to the plane and something has the flavor of a funky steam table. I think it may be the tortillas which seem hand made. So really they should be good. Maybe it all sits on a steam table. This airport desperately needs a good place and people are willing to remember it... Such as Oaxaca which used to be awesome but is also outside of security. This is near gate C 11 I think. The manager should taste the food. It could be really good. No flavor at all. Oh and this entry says American food. It is definitely Mexican.
3	For airport food this one is pretty good.
3	Not horrible for an airport restaurant. Guacamole was a bit bland (needed salt and some chilies) and the corn tortillas for the tacos were a bit tough. The steak in the tacos tasted great and the margarita was good, but pricey. Server was friendly.
2	Service? Here? Yeah right.I was seated in the middle of the main walkway. I could have asked to sit somewhere but I was short on time and needed to eat before I got on my plane. It would be awhile before I could eat again.I sat there for about 10 minutes while I watched them go take orders from other customers that walked in before me...and I was in their path. Ordered a burrito. It arrived.Tasted like a bland version of a Chipotle burrito....and I am not a fan of Chipotle.I was charged twice for my drink. Probably would have paid and not given it a second thought until I saw it later, but at $3.50 a soda. It was VERY obvious.Next time I'll eat before I get through security or try another concourse.
3	If you are hungry/need a drink and got time to kill before your flight, JR is definitely a worthy place. They got a dining area and also a bar area with some TVs here and there. A full bar if you know what you want and also a tiny margarita menu. The service is just ok (I feel like the servers hate their job here). The only happy person here was the bartender. Good drinks for decent prices. As far as food goes though, I would give it a two star. The ONLY food item worth getting at this place is the breakfast burrito. If you want to venture out and be brave, be my guest. So far, I haven't had anything that was worth eating again other than the breakfast burrito.
5	Jose Roux was excellent. I was amazingly surprised! I was stuck in PHX airport for a few hours and wanted a bite to eat somewhere, where I could sit down with my hyper 2 year old. This was a great option, they had high chairs and comfortable seats for me, so I was happy! The food was good, not the best Mexican food I've ever had (I'm from Texas) but it definitely curbed the hunger for a few hours until I got home. It's a nice little area and definitely your best option when you're in that side of the airport. Definitely try it if you're there. Surprised at all the negative or low starred reviews.
4	People... People... People... For being an airport restaurant, Jose Roux is pretty decent. Yes the food is tasteless, but ask for more salsa before you never see your server again. No really, ask for more salsa. The margaritas are pretty great for being airport margaritas... I don't even remember what I had, but in all honesty, it wasn't as bad as past airport restaurants I've been to, and for that I say... Decent job... But really... Your food is bland... GREAT ALCOHOL!!!
3	Our waitress was super nice, but the food was super dull.  I got tortilla soup and a quesadilla.  It was edible, decent, and slightly filling, but don't come here expecting it to be a great airport option, because it's pretty standard.  Being the only nearby sit-down establishment in our terminal, though, it was a nice break from food court standards.  But I think next time, I'd just go with the food court.
4	Okay, this food is genuinely good.  Not just airport good.  And, service is excellent, too.  I stopped in for lunch on my outbound layover and was so happy with it that I made it a point to stop again on my way home.
2	So I wish one of these airports I frequent would have a nice mexican restaurant. But that is impossible. Short and sweet:Good:The steak quesadilla was alright. The tacos looked crappy. the burrito seemed nice enough. I enjoyed the marinade for the steak.Eh:Big blue moon beer was $7.50. A decent price knowing you are in an airportBad:The margaritas are $15! $10 for the "house" one, that looked pretty weak.I sat at the bar, and I have to say I haven't been appalled by a worker/manager in a long time.  You know those managers that makes everyone worried and feel uncomfortable as an employee because God forbid you spill a beer or drop a napkin, he's gonna rip your face off!  He would compain/yell/super sarcastic remarks to everyone working. And quite loud and openly.He ruined my mood. I really could have enjoyed a beer and decent quesadilla if it wasn't for him.
3	I had a layover at Phoenix airport and wanted some healthy food.  I found they had black beans here, of which they served me a generous portion.  They were not slathered it fat, but rather, cooked perfectly (not hard, not mushy, great texture).  They also gave me lots of cilantro with these, so they hit the spot perfectly.
3	I hate food at airports. I usually don't eat, but I had to on this occasion. I was starving and I was gonna have a long day at work where I wouldn't have the time to eat. So i ate here. I ate and I was surprised. The food was amazing. I ate a rice bowl with beans and queso and salsa and guacamole. It was all fresh. Not bought from Walmart and then served in a plate to the customer.
4	After sitting at dreary Airport Bar after dreary Airport Bar, Jose Roux was a breath of fresh air. They have Dos Equis and Blue Moon on tap and a tasty selection of standard mexican dishes ... the service was attentive and the fish tacos I had for dinner were very good. A definite repeat.
2	Wasn't overly impressed by the service here.Ordered a house margarita which tasted more like margarita mix than anything.  Not sure if the better margaritas would be much different.  Also ordered the chicken burrito bowl.  It had queso on top that tasted like cheese whiz.Took 20 minutes to get a tiny order of chips and salsa.  They were somewhat on the busy side but there were plenty of tables open so I am sure this restaurant has been busier before.  Plenty of servers, I had at least four different people at my table.  I just couldn't get anyones attention when I needed them.Oh and everything is served in styrofoam, yuck.
4	Excellent fresh food in an airport and it didn't cost me $25! It DID cost me $13 for an excellent meaty ceviche salad and black beans. What a concept! Give people reasonably priced delicious food in an airport! And though it still feels like you're at the airport, not as much as those godforsaken places with "patios" hugging a gate. Service was quite good too. Try this place. I was told it was an experiment and we can send the message MORE LIKE THIS!
3	We had a stopover in Phoenix and ended up at Jose Roux. I ordered steak tacos and ice water. The menu said that rice and beans were $4 extra, total, so I decided to pass.The tortillas were absolutely delicious--homemade, corn, soft. Unfortunately, they were really, really tiny. There was lots of stuff piled onto the taco: steak, lettuce, tomato, salsa. The menu said the steak said it was marinated with pineapple but I couldn't really taste any of it. The steak was pretty tough. The mild salsa was good, though. Black beans and tasteless white rice were on the plate, though I didn't order them; the waiter didn't charge me, though.Service was really slow, which is a little irritating at an airport, but a common problem nevertheless.
4	Cheaper then the other equivalents restaurants. A nice slick interior, sheltered from foot-traffic in the terminal. Nice service too.
3	Was on layover from Tulsa--Southwest overloaded gas Tulsa-Phoenix, missed flight to Burbank--&&^%%$ moodwent into this restaurant, lady at desk very nice put me in comfortable corner(psychic)--server ABBEY very sweet--ordered eggs rancheros & coffee--waiting scared--have no fear--very well prepared-good salsa, eggs over easy(yup)-sour cream, guacamole, black beans $6.79--can't believe it was an honestly decent meal for relatively little money, with a server who was inquiring & polite---Jose would come again in a Tulsa MinuteHad full bar-TV----very clean
1	This place is awful. The employees are incapable of understanding the simple request of a bean, cheese, and rice taco. Truly a shame. The food was full of the Sodexo frozen veggies and smelled of curry. I've never had such a greasy terrible meal. Don't waste your time or money.
5	I don't really like flying, but I can generally handle it. For some reason, though, on a recent flight from Orange County I had a full on panic attack on the airplane- I was convinced we were going to crash. I have no idea why...it was a short, smooth flight and nothing unusual happened. But for the 50 or so minutes we were in the air, I was terrified. When I landed (I made it!!) in PHX for a 3.5 hour layover, the first thing I did was look for a bar. There was no way I was going to make it through my much longer flight to New Orleans if the first flight was any kind of indicator.I found Jose Roux as I was walking to my next gate, and plopped down at the bar. It was relatively busy for 3pm on a Tuesday, and there was only one bartender behind the bar, but he greeted me quickly and with a smile, and when I ordered my drink he asked if I wanted to make it a double for just a couple bucks more. Well fine, since you twisted my arm, I might as well...Two hours later and 2 (so 4) drinks calmer, I left the bar to go find my next flight. I left feeling very pleased with my new found calmness, and with the experience at Jose Roux. The drinks were very reasonably priced, especially given the fact that it was in an airport, and no one seemed to mind that I didn't order any food. At some point my original bartender's shift ended and his replacement wasn't as great (a little slow), but that probably worked out in my favor anyway.
3	Good food but very slow.
2	Compared to the prototypical airport restaurant it is alright but compared to what I am expecting with the new local Phoenix restaurant coalition I found this place out classed.  A pretty bland and relatively expensive take on 'gourmet' Mexican.
4	This was a great place and the best option we saw compared to all the other airport food options. Located right outside the SW gates. We walked around trying to find something else, but wound up here. Best option by far. They had the option to get breakfast,too.Our server, Kandace was excellent. She made recommendations, was friendly, efficient and looked a little like Leann Rimes, but with brown hair. She was an excellent server.I had probably thee best salad I have ever eaten. The mexican chopped salad. It was so tasty, fresh had a nice amount of bacon and good sized bacon at that, a nice flavorful dressing, scallions, cilantro, avocado and cabbage. Damn it was good for a salad. I opted for the steak add on. I forgot that it came with bacon, so it was kind of a lot of meat, but no complaints.J had the fish tacos which were good. The tortilla was a thicker hand made corn tortilla. It came with rice and beans and extra salsa. I had a few bites which tasted great.Best option that we saw in the airport. Nice decor with nice art work on the walls, booths and tables. Little strange eating tacos and a salad at 830 am, but whatever. It was better than the alternative.
2	Food served on styrofoam.  Tacos the size of a small fist.  Made my bartender leave due to slowing business.  Try to avoid if possible.
3	I enjoyed a well-poured Margarita and some delicious tacos while on our layover. The servers don't seem overly motivated to move quickly- strange to me in an airport where mostly everyone is on the move, food and beverages excellent.
2	Went here on a layover.  Had the chicken burrito.  It was ok.  Nothing to write home about. However, better option than most places around it (i.e. this is one step above fast food)The service was slow for table service at an airport so don't expect to be in and out in less than 45 min.
2	The prices are way over what Tex-Mex should be. But then again, it's airport food and to be expected. The draft beer selection is limited- right now- Bud Light, Stella, Shock Top and Sam Adams Boston Lager. The main reason it gets the low rating from me is that with over priced Tex-Mex in a sit down atmosphere at an airport, the portions were sub, sub par. With famished layover victims, give us just a bit more beans and rice in our burritos. All in all, the food is okay. I wish I could yelp the Phoenix airport, the selection for good food there is ludicrous.Also, disposable plates and silverware? Not cool if you have a wait staff.
2	This place is a disaster and a half. The word "rude" to describe the hostess was an understatement. The kitchen couldn't handle a rush to save their life. My server got my order wrong as well as the table next to me. I waited nearly 45 minutes for a salad. One redeeming thing is that the food was actually quite good once I got it. This place may have been great if  it wasn't busy, but they were going down in flames when I ate there. My advice? Stay far away if they are busy. Check it out if you aren't in a hurry to catch a flight or it isn't packed.
1	Rudest server ever named Sunny. Had to leave right after we ordered because we were afraid that she would spit in our food. We told manager and he could care less. I think they were good friends because she immediately went over to him and started smiling after. I have never experienced such an unprofessional establishment. This place needs new management if they allow this from staff. By the way we were three women and I'm almost positive that this had something to do with it. I personally have waited tables for five years and understand both sides, but this was absolutely the most horrible treatment I have every experienced. Stay away women!!! Would give zero stars if able.
5	I had two hours layover at the Phoenix Airport this week.  Since I was flying on Southwest Airlines where they don't serve meals, I strolled through the airport to see what I could find for lunch.  I decided since I was in Arizona that Mexican would be a logical choice.  Jose Roux Taco Bar looked inviting so I decided to try it out.  Am I ever glad that I did!  Tip:  try their steak tacos.  The seasonings romance your palate - truly delicious.
1	Most people would tell you its good for airport food and that may be true but once you peel back a few layers of the onion you may change your mind.The first major issue is timing.  It takes forever to get anyone to take your order.The bar staff is faster if you want drinks but when you sit at the bar you also get to hear about how poorly everything is run because the bar staff (Ryan) will air all the dirty laundry.  While I was there this week I heard him said three times to people "I'd go down to Paradise Bakery if you want to get your food".  Several people actually took his advice and walked out.  I wish I would have gone with them.  The second major issue is how unclean this place is.  You can see inside the kitchen while they are making your food.  I watched the cook wipe his nose and cough in his hand (with no glove on) while he put someones food together.  All the while he was talking to the other people about how "there was no way he was going to get fired".  The bar smells like old rotting beer.  The drain on the beer tap does not work.  Nice!The third issue is the food.  Not only is it slow and made by people who have no business cooking it... it's tasteless.  I have eaten here at least 5 times in the last year and after this last visit never again.
4	Great Mexican in the airport. Nice.  I'm eating here every time I fly in.
3	This is a review for the Gelato stand that is inside and separate from the restaurant. But, must be the same owner because, the bill rang up with this name.It is located on the Southwest Airlines side of Terminal 4.I had heard fabulous things about this place, such as they have Nuttela Gelato.On this day though they did not. The lady said they were out of it.  So I ordered one scoop of chocolate and one of Deluce Di leche. Niether one was very good , I can honestly say I have had better.
1	DO NOT GO HERE.  Even if you've suddenly developed airport standards, you can do better. Walk down toward gate C17, you'll find three better places right away. The service here is slow, the margaritas are ALL mix and the food is bland and a complete waste of your money.  According to a couple other yelpers, the food here has been compared to "fast food." I--a complete stranger whom you should trust because I'm taking the time out if my life to tell you, a stranger, this info--am telling you it is much worse than fast food. I've experienced much more pleasure from fast food. It has flavor and doesn't cost what you make per hour. This place was better a couple years ago. Perhaps they have new management. Who cares. Take your biz on down the line.
3	Everytime I leave Phoenix to come back to Cali I always stop here. Why you ask? Most likely bc I partied a little too hard the night before and I am not ready to deal with it. Bloody Mary time! This place is perfect, the bloody mary's automatically are a double unless you ask otherwise (not I) the serivice like any airport food place is pretty fast and freindly. What I don't like is there is only one bartender for the whole place so sometimes you have to wait for your fix... Food is ok, I ordered a quesodilla and I could have made a better one at home but the quac was fresh and had a kick. Overall this place is pretty good and close to the C gates so perfect for an LA bound flyer.
3	Nice location and environment. Food and drink good. Amazingly rude staff. How did they manage to collect so many irritable workers in one location?
4	When I discovered that I was going to change flights in Phoenix on my way home to Philadelphia, I got excited thinking I had one more chance for some Southwestern food. So, I took my time, cruising by a place called Sir Veza's where I watched a woman try to pick through her aluminum foil packet for something that deserved being speared with her plastic fork. When I to to Jose Roux, it looked posh by comparison, and I read enough reviews to think this could be the place. I was right.I ordered the fresh guacamole appetizer and when it came, the serving size was so large I almost regretted having also ordered the fish burrito. It would have been enough, but getting to take home some of this burrito for my husband is a treat! Really fresh ingredients, great service and great prices for anywhere. With a 30% tip it was still $20 for a great experience. The only reason there isn't a fifth star is because the garbage was changed out at the station next to my table, and when excess nastiness spilled onto the floor, it was kicked aside with disgust, until someone brought someone else, who brought someone else, who finally picked it up and removed it from the dining room. Nasty! Obviously this is not something that was normal, or acceptable to them, but to leave it within eye and nose shot of the dining guests while they protested its presence was thoughtless.Step up folks. You deserve the 5th star!
3	Whenever I'm at the C Gates for a flight I drop by this place for a bite to eat.  Some menu items I've had:Breakfast Burrito, $7.59Quesadilla, $5.79http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jose-roux-phoenix?select=3BnYaaAsJ0ldpBhUNtkHdQ#3BnYaaAsJ0ldpBhUNtkHdQChips & Queso, $5.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jose-roux-phoenix?select=qJwCwFFyFH43IbgMrj4XwQ#qJwCwFFyFH43IbgMrj4XwQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jose-roux-phoenix?select=b5VSvGfuKb84I3nCiHwbLw#b5VSvGfuKb84I3nCiHwbLwBy far my favorite item is the Chips & Queso.  The Queso has a spicy Chili flavor to it.The Breakfast Burrito is pretty good and the portion size is decent for $7.59.The Quesadilla is plain and bland....not worth it.I wash it all down with a 22 oz Blue Moon.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jose-roux-phoenix?select=SPmcCZ1GobH-Qpk1xehaPQ#SPmcCZ1GobH-Qpk1xehaPQOverall, it's not a bad place to grab some grub when you're traveling.  However, when they get busy the wait can be long.Return Factor - 80%
2	Stale chips, Bloody Mary with no celery, poorly wrapped burrito, plastic/cheap utensils and paper plates, and ok tacos. That pretty much sums it up. I recommend walking a little further to another Mexican restaurant if you're really craving it. Waiter was awesome though!
3	Above average fish & chicken tacos.  Ice cold bottled beer. That's all you can ask for in an airport...again...this is an airport so measure your expecations.Stick to the basics and I think you well do well here....stray to wine, mixed drinks, and other items and I wish you the best of luck my friends....
2	Jose Roux was a place that my son and I liked to go when he flies in and out of Phoenix. In fact, when we had lunch there on March 9th, we were convinced this place was the best place to eat. He had the steak burrito, always good. I usually get the chicken burrito, but this time I ordered the Rosa's Rice Bowl. It was really good. We normally get our food to go and sit at the terminal to eat. The staff was so friendly that day. The food was really good, too.    Last night made me realize one important thing, they're way too busy when you dine in for dinner. I waited over 20 minutes just for my iced tea. My waiter was busy helping everyone around me that ordered alcohol. After being served my tea, I waited another 15 minutes for the waiter to tell me they were out of guacamole. At that point he let me know that they couldn't read the order he put in. Funny thing is that right after I told him that I wanted the Rosa's Rice Bowl, he went and put my order in. Clearly in front of me! The guests that were seated after me were pretty much done eating! I waited another 10 minutes for my food. It was NOT what I wanted. I attempted to eat it because I am a reasonable person.   WORST decision ever! I ate just a few bites. I was beyond gross. I pushed it to the other side of the table. The waiter saw me do it, turned around and walked away. He should have come over to ask if everything tasted good. I would have told him to take that off of my bill. Something I have never had to do. My food sat there for 12 minutes and then I put my debit card up every time that he looked my direction. After flagging him down for the fourth time he realize that I wanted my bill. The guests around me already had their bills and had paid. I waited another 7 minutes before he brought me mine. He had dropped 3 other guests theirs before giving me mine. My food was still sitting at the end of the table. After I tipped him $4.00 on a $12.00 order, because I am a nice person, I left as fast as I could. Regretting my decision to eat there. Should have went to Nathan's hotdogs or Pizza Hut! I ended up riding the cart that was right outside of Jose Roux to the other C gates. I felt sick and had a nasty taste in my mouth. As much as I hate to say it, I was little by little burping up the nasty taste of the food. When I got home, an hour later, I told my Husband about it. Then, I took something to ease my stomach. I felt like vomiting all night. Oh yeah, forgot to mention that the chips were stale. I wouldn't even feed them to my dog and he'll eat anything.  So, if you're deciding to eat there, get a burrito and head for your gate. If you want to get sick, eat the food that doesn't look appealing! The Rosa's bowl that I had on March 9th was not the same on March 21st. The Manager walked past me several times and was too busy telling people to get signed in before walking to a table. They really need a restaurant turn around. I see many comments on here that are similar to mine. Reason for that is the quality is really going downhill. Once they make a few more people sick hopefully they will be shut down.
1	This is bad even for an airport.  Naturally, they are overcrowded and busy because they are the only bar at that part of the terminal, but that doesn't excuse the extreme rudeness of the female bartender and the obvious annoyance of the hostess at being asked if I could sit at the bar.  I have eaten here before so I knew better than to do that again (stale chips and unrecognizable "chicken" tacos), but after waiting for 15 minutes at the bar for the bartender to acknowledge me and then having her walk past me to ask the guy next to me if he wanted another drink, I walked out this time.  Their loss.  I am at that airport ALOT and usually with other people and I always tip 20%.  No mas, Jose.   I will walk to another terminal and eat at the Barrio Cafe - pricier but edible and no jerks working there that I know of.
3	I believe in second chances.  And third, and...well, let's face it, I am an optimist.  This place got better and the reason was the lovely waitress.  She is the older-alright my age-lady  who was so nice when I came it for a quick glass of wine that I wound up staying for actual food when my flight was delayed.  Together, we figured out something reasonably healthy for me to eat.  I had the chopped salad, sans dressing and sans bacon, and had her bring me a bunch of pico de gallo.  No, it is not haute cuisine.  But it was fresh and the pico was almost spicy enough for me.  And yes, it is within walking distance of the gate from which I most often leave.  The food at Barrio Cafe is much better, but this waitress was nice enough to get the bad taste of my last experience out of my mouth, and the price for a salad and a glass of wine is about half at Jose what it is at Barrio.  I mentioned it on my way out to the manager.  I hope he was listening.
3	After a VERY bad experience at Barrio Cafe in the Sky Harbor airport, I went to Jose Roux to get what I hoped would be a quick meal.I walked to the entrance, explained I needed something relatively quickly before my flight, and was given a menu immediately. The server took my order quickly, and I had a to-go plate within a few minutes. The prices are a bit high, but the quality was excellent, and the portion sizes I saw were very good. I really enjoyed some fresh guacamole and the chicken quesadilla wasn't earth-shattering, but it hit the spot. I was VERY impressed with the service, and I'd happily go back.
1	Not impressed. The chicken tacos I had were not good. It all looked like mush and tastes like mediocre food. I ordered a sprite and the waitress brought me a diet coke. I do not have a speech impediment or anything close ;-)I won't come back, save this place for if everything else is closed.
