3	The culinary school operates a student run dining room that offers 3-course lunches for $9.95 Tuesday - Thursdays from 11:30AM-1PM - reservations suggested.  The menu changes weekly, but you have a choice of 3 appetizers/salads, 3 entrees and 2 desserts.  I chose the Vidalia tart with red pepper coulis, seafood Newberg over basmati rice and poached pear with vanilla ice cream.  Ms. Westie opted for the Caesar salad, seafood Newberg and apple bread pudding, but was advised that several tables of red hats had disposed of the bread pudding.  I have never seen Ms. Westie more disappointed - the red hats were fortunate her taser was in the shop for repairs.  Service was very attentive and friendly though a little less than professional and the food very good with the exception of the rice which had dried out.
4	As soon as we sat down, the instructor explained to us, "this is not a restaurant, this is a classroom." I went tonight, the night after the opening, and my party of 4 was the only party there, so the entire "class" waited on us. The students are not experienced at all (this being their second night), but are very eager and attentive, and charmingly shy. You have to be patient when you come here, for example, we ordered a bottle of wine and the instructor had to show the students how to bring the wine to the table, cork it and pour it, and then he let the students try. The food is very good, great for the price. 3 courses for $15?! and this ain't no Applebee's 3-course combo deal, I would say that it'd be fair to pay $35-$50 at a real restaurant.
4	The Skinny: Extremely good value for a pretty tasty three course menu with white linen tablecloths - for now this is a lunch only place (4) Service is super friendly (4).Opus Too is the Art Institute's Culinary school restaurant. Yes, it's the training ground for the chefs of tomorrow. They are open 3 days a week for lunch only during the school year. They also require advance reservations.The choices are eclectic (to introduce the students to different types of cuisine) so do check out their website before you go to see what they offer. They serve something very different every 1-2 weeks. The food is pretty good (3 stars-ish) and has an outstanding value ($10 for starter, entree, and dessert). Service, albeit untrained, is enthusiastic and pleasant.If you have the time one day during the week to check this place out, do go. You won't be disappointed.
3	I am a huge fan of being the guinea pigs for future chefs. I loved my experience at the other two culinary classes. AI, impressed me with their extensive menu of six items for appetizers and entrees. Desserts were limited to four, but that is still going above and beyond for a learning environment. Opus Too is only available through reservations, but it is made simple through Yelp/Open Table. I set up a lunch for my friend and I for 12:15. We got there early, checked in, and were sat immediately. The students upfront all looked nervous and awkward in having to go live. Overall, I was not sure if they were more nervous about having to tend to real guest or doing this for a grade. Shaky on certain service fundamentals, the staff were still friendly. I really wished we had the table in front of the large window. With a great view into the kitchen, I would have not been so focused on how ill timed the courses were. Bread and water was served immediately. Appetizers took some time to come out. I got the Roasted Butternut Squash and Apple Salad. The dressing is drizzled along the outside of the plate while the greens were plain. It was light and I appreciated the dressing on the side. My friend enjoyed her salmon dish as well. When we were finished, the wait for the entrees was even longer. A few of the staff came to apologize for the delay and went to check on it. I had ordered the Braised Beef. The sauce was wonderful, but the meat was dry. Almost to a jerky consistency. The Veal was good. We had finished with the Chocolate cake with Fig Sorbet and Banana Rhum Bread Pudding. Both were solid dishes and our favorites. I had attended a few events thrown by the UNLV Hospitality Department and they offered comment cards. For a student, feedback would be beneficial. I wished there was a way to offer this without having to put the students on the spot. Allow them a chance to reflect on the day and make adjustments for the next would help them improve. For $10.95, it is an unbeatable deal. I want to go back and try a few other dishes.
3	Where is it? From the entrance, take the elevators or stairs to the 2nd floor. Make a right and a right. Or ask security guard if you get lost. $10.95 lunch and dinner. It's is a bang for your buck for $10.95 for a 3-course meal. I hope if you are deciding to come here you don't expect a stellar dinner where your taste buds go ecstatic. You must remember that students are making your dinner. They're not chefs just yet!I went with my classmates on Valentine's Day/Birthday. It was fun as a group to critique the food and service. Overall, I think we were delighted with our servers. As for the food everything was standard and nothing to write home about. Note: this is not a first date spot! I just enjoyed the experience of supporting the students before they go out into the real world! Cool stuff!
5	Today, I had the fortunate experience to dine at Opus Too.  This student-run (supervised by professional chefs/teachers) restaurant is white table cloth and fine dining.  For $10.95, you get a solid meal (appetizer, entree and dessert).  The room is small, but appointed nicely.  There are about 10 tables with a raised step area that has a piano.  I was the first customer and was seated right at the window to the kitchen where the food is prepared.  My server was Trey, a personable and charismatic gentleman who will do well in the culinary world once he graduates.  All the students were trained well in fine dining and service. For my meal, I chose the Braised Beef Empanada (appetizer).  It was so delicious.  The beef was flavorful and tender, encased in a flaky pastry turnover.  I could have had two more of those!  The sauce accompanying was a cilantro pesto.  Oh my.  I asked Trey if the chef would give me the recipe for it because it was excellent.  It had a bit of a kick to it, but did not overpower.   For the entree, I chose the Chicken Mole.  I have never tried mole sauce before and it took me awhile to "get it".  It, too, was delicious.  The chicken breast was moist and fork tender.  With it, came beans and rice.  Finally, I chose the Tres Leches Cake for dessert.  Again, a new item for me.  I enjoyed it, especially the caramel topping.  For a drink, I chose the Black Currant Ice Tea - refreshing and tasty.My bill came to $15.44, but I left $25.00.  This meal in a restaurant would have easily cost this and more.  Any tip you leave is forwarded to the scholarship fund of the Art Institute of LV.I'm glad I made the reservation. I will be back.
5	I made a reservation on opentable after I had read something in passing about this place. I even got my 100 points for dining here... You are basically a practice setting for the students in the Culinary program at the Art Institute in Henderson. This restaurant is a white table cloth affair that is run by the students of the culinary school under the supervision of the educators who are professional chefs.  A 3-course, $10.95 lunch is served Tue-Thur while students are in session. You experience the meal as if you are walking into a restaurant like say French Laundry.We were sat by the window looking into the kitchen. It was exciting to see all the action and the effort that goes into making it operate. What was more thrilling for us was the fact that the two of us coming from the restaurant industry were able to experience first hand what goes into making a Michelin starred chef and front of house team. It is all very well executed and the food was absolutely delicious. The three courses (appetizer, entree, & dessert) are in the style of plating of a fine dining restaurant (the places that break your wallet and have you craving for a burger right after) and you are able to order a glass of wine or beverage (extra charge) with your meal. But the price is truly a tenth of what you would pay normally for such an grand experience. At the end of the meal you are encourage to complete a comment card for feedback.The topping was to see the great pleasure these students take in learning their art. More restaurants should send their staff to a class like this, we would have less attitude, better service and more passion for the industry.Thank you Class of 2013 - I look forward to dining in your own restaurants one day.
5	Okay. I loved this place. The menu changes daily and you need reservations. The food was first class and cheap. The negatives weren't really negatives since this is basically a class. The waitress didn't mention the wine menu or ask if I wanted any, but she was obviously a little nervous. The dining room is small and there is a large window looking into the kitchen so you can watch the main chef instruct and observe and inspect the chefs-in-training. It was a lot of fun. I can't wait to go back.
