4	Edinburgh's local Scientologists offer up a "free personality test", so in the name of Yelp I thought it would be worth trying out. I failed, but a visit here is without doubt an experience if nothing else, and it's not every day you get accidentaly caught up in the wheels of a religious cult.While it's easy to brandish Scientology as a lot of nonsense, for me the most frightening thing is that in all honesty, their beliefs are grounded in just as much reality as our friends the christians. I'm not saying that the world really will eventually be controlled by a master race of extraterrestrial space lizards, but the theory is no more bonkers than the suggestion that the universe was created in seven days, or that humanity owes it's existence to a talking snake.And Tom Cruise seems pretty happy and not remotely unhinged (except when he ate his own child's placenta, but we all do wacky stuff from time to time), so Scientology can't be all bad.
1	I went into Hubbard Academy with my former partner as he is a scientologist. I found it a bit odd when I went to a couple of events. The members all turned to applaud a giant photo of L Ron Hubbard which struck me as peculiar. They also applauded each other for donating money- the bigger the donation, the louder they applauded.They signed me up for a communication course which I  didn't really need as I can communicate really well. I then swapped to do a Dianetics course. I got told on one of my answers that I was not to think for myself, just to write what it said in the book, which set alarm bells ringing for me. They then proceeded to hound me with endless phone calls and letters, asking me to buy more books, get a Case Analysis and even asking me to join staff. I got 100 calls one week in February 2012 from Dianetics Centre. A HAPI staff member even called at my house on several occasions, once even opening my front door uninvited- he left some coursework inside the house instead of on the doorstep- that unnerved me. I distinctly remember getting a call on a Wednesday night from Hubbard Academy,  pressuring me to buy a book called Science of Survival. When I asked why it was so urgent that I buy it, he told me that the 'stats' had to be in on a Thursday. No concern for what I was interested in- just pressure selling. All this encouraged me to research scientology a bit more and then I found out the truth. I spoke to scores of ex-scientologists who confirmed that my suspicions about it being primarily concerned with pressure selling and  mind control techniques were correct. I told my partner I wanted no further involvement. He said I had to write to HAPI and tell them why, or he would end our relationship. I found this really odd too- that I had to answer to this Hubbard Academy of Personal Independence regarding  my  personal relationship- kind of an invasion of privacy. I wrote a letter of my grievances, showed it to him and sent it. He then acted increasingly hostile to me and disconnected from me. I discovered that if a member is connected to someone who disagrees with or openly criticises scientology, they are forced to disconnect from them - ie shun them. The  person who is critical is labelled a Suppressive Person-, which is what happened to me.A thoroughly negative experience. I would exercise caution and educate yourself about scientology before going in- they use covert sales tactics and although the personality test is 'free', nothing after it is. Certainly DO NOT  give them personal details- especially phone numbers, e-mail or address- you will be plagued with communication from them.
