4	Went to Namio's a new sports bar in Fitchburg Sept 2 for lunch.  Wife had the Italian steak sandwich and I had the 1/2 pound steak burger.  Both were excellent, the steak had a lot of flavor and the marinara sauce was delicious. The burger was the star however!  Cooked to a perfect medium, very juicy and flavorful.  I'd put it right up there with the burgers at Old Fashion and Vintage Brewery.  Will definitely be going back.  Prices are very reasonable too.
2	it's basically byrd's with different waitstaff and slightly better food*. same mostly dismal beer selection save a few local and/or craft brews. if you like miller lite, sports and fried food, you will love this place. * the appetizers were ok, but mostly fried (green beans, poppers, curds, etc.). my friend ordered a grilled portabella (which was on a nice ciabatta roll and came with decent sweet potato fries)... and found a large piece of plastic in her sandwich. gross enough to begin with, but leads me to believe that they don't even use fresh ingredients, because it looked like a wrapper. yuck.
2	Went on Sat 9/24. Nothing to brag about, but nothing to avoid either.  They have a bus for badger game transportation...pretty nice. We went an hour before game, and it was kind of dead. Clean and friendly servers, but I def would not rate them outstanding and upbeat as others. But I may have come on and off day. Don't expect much being a sports bar, but also didn't get much. Food: had cheesecurd appetizer with horseradish sauce. Good.   Between 5 of us we had various items.  3 burgers...all not cooked to request. Medium rare was cooked to medium.  Still tasty though. The mushroom swiss was great, even though over cooked. An ordered rueben w/ side salad came out as a cheeseburger with fries.  Apology was made and new one brought out about 6 minutes later.  Though, the salad could have been brought over while the sandwich was being prepared.   Rueben was reported to be good, corned beef was great. Extra side of thousand island for those who like theirs more dressed than not.  I had the portabella sandwich which was ok. Nothing special. I I  got a salad on the side (menu states chips,fries or sweet pot fries, so it is good to know a salad is an option too) and also noticed the over dressed salad. It was greens with balsamic dressing. Dressing puddles remained on the plate! Also, I did not get a fork brought out with my salad, and had to ask for one, but no apology. All sandwiches come with a pickle too.  The sweet potato fries I was excited to try based on other reviews. I hope we hit a bad day because like the regular fries, they were lukewarm and nothing worth bragging about. Not crispy, warm, and limp.  I like Mid Town pubs better. Beer selection was okay, mostly Wisconsin beers. Said there were about 20 on tap. No beer menu or table, which would help. Hard to find wait staff when hey were needed.
4	Went to Namio's for the Badger game 10/1/11. Plenty of tvs, service was great, but wish they had a drink menu. Had the BBQ pork sandwich and it was ok. Sweet potato fries and nachos were great! Would definitely come back.
2	Met my husband here for lunch this past week.  We were promptly attended to for drinks.  Then placed our order, and eventually got our food, within a reasonable amount of time.I had a buffalo chicken wrap, which was excellent.  Husband had the special, a philly cheese steak.  It was just ok.  The bun didn't seem very substantial and soaked up a lot of the juices, and fell apart.  I think a sturdier bun would have been better.  Fries were hot and good.The worst part was waiting for the check.  Husband left to go back to work, and I waited a good 10 minutes for the check, even though there was barely anyone in the place and I saw the waitress look over at my table a few times.  That was just irritating.So overall, it was just ok.
2	Meh.  The perfect descriptor for two stars and also my reply to our waitress when asked how my buffalo chicken wrap was..."meh."  This bar is close to home and we enjoy playing trivia here on Tuesday nights...but that's as far as my enjoyment goes.  The service is always slow and inattentive.  Ordered soda water with a lemon.  15 minutes (no joke) later, our waitress shows up with an icy cold glass of...nothing - empty - for the pitcher of beer.  Which would be great if that's what I'd ordered...As mentioned previously, the buffalo chicken wrap was less than perfect.  Slathered in an a thin (read liquidy/messy), over spicy sauce that dominated the flavor of the other wrap ingredients...and who wouldn't want to enjoy the full flavor of lifeless diced tomatoes and romaine lettuce?!I'll return for trivia, but dread the slow service and have sworn off the food.Namio's is all-around meh.
5	This bar (which is unfortunately buried behind a bank on the corner of PD and Seminole) is a gem.  Their brandy old fashioned sweets rival the best in town, and their pulled pork sandwich is particularly yummy.  My partner really likes their wings (which they make extra hot to please him).  The service is always excellent and the setting is clean.  It seems to be either completely full or 25% full, which can be a little odd.
2	The place was dark; the service was average; and no one was there on a Saturday night.  I can easily understand this, because the food wasn't so great, either.  I ordered a chicken sandwich that was okay, but it came with fries that were so salty I could thaw the ice on my driveway with them.Better options: drive a half-mile west on PD and go to Buffalo Wild Wings.  Or, if you're all about buying local, go an extra couple miles and eat at the 5th Quarter in Verona...their food is awesome for a bar!Two other complaints: the tortilla chips were supposed to be homemade.  I don't disagree, if they were burnt three weeks ago and served to my wife and I today.  Plus, they took about ten minutes to deliver them, and announce at that time that they were out of guacamole.
1	Weak service, nasty chips, an a ten minute response to tell us they were out of guacamole.  Go to Buffalo Wild Wings right up the road or 5th Quarter in Verona... Not sure what this establisment wants to be ... a sports bar? Then why the surf boards on the wall? And the exposed purple duct work is soooo dusty! And my seat faced this four-outlet plate on the wall, and a bunch of cords hanging from it. It's just unsightly. And it's dark.
4	Veggie sandwich is delicious. Love the sweet potato fries.  I cannot complain about a sports bar that carries La Crema Pinot Noir just for me!
4	Let me keep this extrememly simple... Great Patio, Great Location, Great Food, Great Drinks, TV's to watch games-a-plenty, Seating Galore, and most of all Great people. This place is not very well known but needs to be. It is one of the few sports bars in Fitchburg and is a great place for an after-work beer or late night drinkin'! I will admit there are a few things they could "tweak" but an all around great place. Period.
4	Great service! We came in at around 11am when they opened. The food was amazing! They make their pub chips to order; they were incredibly fresh. The place was a little difficult to find, as it blends in to the surrounding gyms and office buildings. There wasn't much noise, and it was by no means empty. Seems like a great place to grab a snack or get drinks! Kristen was our waitress and was great; I didn't have any long waits for service like the other reviews talked about.
