4	I stopped in here for a pedicure after work one day prior to their expansion.  They have the nice massage chairs and they put a disposable plastic liner into the tub so that you know your tub is super clean.  Their prices are very reasonable.  This is a typical Asian nail salon...they do pretty nice work.
5	I go to this salon for all my nail, massage and waxing needs and they are the BEST!  Susie is so great - very funny, friendly and always makes my visit pleasant.  Ask for her!
5	Cindy did an amazing job on my nails. I told her how sensitive my nails are and she was gentle. The pedicure stations are the cleanest I have ever experienced with an added plastic liner in the tubs. The spa was clean, the music was soothing, and the staff didn't speak in their native language to each other (which drives me crazy). I would recommend this spa!
3	On a recent trip to Phoenix for a friend's wedding I realized that after a long hard New York winter, my feet had not yet seen the light of day for months. This had to change with the 90 degree weather that was absolutely foreign to me for the last few months and the need to wear sandals in the desert heat.They did a great job and I was out of there in no time!
4	I've gone here a few times for a brow wax and last time was talked into getting a pedicure as well. Each experience was a good one, particularly because it doesn't stink the way that most nail salons do. And it's true what they say about those chairs -- they are awesome. Also, the staff seems friendlier and more engaging, to which my wife would also attest. She goes far more frequently than I do and uses a broader range of the spa services. from what I could tell during my last visit, she is not at all alone in being a regular here.
5	This place is very clean. I have been to alot of nail salons in the past. This one is now my favorite. They use a new clean liner in the spa car everytime. I hadn't been here in over a year and the guy at the front desk recognized me. Very friendly. I got the Relax pedicure which includes spa pedicure plus callus remover, sea salt scrub hot lotion and hot towel. The guy working on me said I didn't have calluses and gave me a cucumber massage instead no additional charge. The best foot massage ever!!!!
5	I visit Laveen Nail and Day Spa several times a month, everyone knows me by name, they remember my picky requirements for my pedicure and my nails, they always treat me like I am the most important customer.  I highly recommend that you sign up for the e-mail specials, the savings pay for themselves!  I have tried all the salon's in the Laveen area and I will tell you that Andy and his staff knock it out of the ball park for me every time!
4	Really loved the facial with M!
5	I've been to other places in Laveen and this one is the best. Awesome prices and the people are very friendly. Even as a walk in on a busy day they are staffed to meet the demanding need and not having to wait too long. LOVE IT
5	I've been going to Laveen Nails since they very first opened and have never ever had a bad experience.  We moved to Verrado (Buckeye) a year ago and we still try to make it over there at least every 4 - 6 weeks because I've yet to find anywhere that even comes close to being as good in this price range.  My husband and I both get pedis and a massage (either full body or reflexology) and I also get a fill.  I love that it has grown and expanded since they first opened.  A testament, in my opinion, to the great services they provide and the excellent team that works there.
4	I love going here for Facials and to get my eyebrows done.  Always friendly, they appreciate that people are busy, they get you in and out quickly but do a good job when they do it.  You dont feel RUSHED.
1	Upon arriving I was immediately seated. I went in to get a nail repair, acrylic fill, and polish change for Halloween. The nail technician was very informative and friendly. However, she told me that it would be better to get a new full set because my acrylic was already lifting and 1 had already fallen off. I agreed because I did wait 3 weeks to get them done which was probably not the best idea with my first set because they grow so quickly that first time. So she said the new set would cost 25 dollars I said okay cause it was not too much. She continue to put on my set and kept asking me to make sure that they were straight I was kind of confused because that's her job to make sure that they are straight. During the process I did find that 1 was crooked so she had to take it off with hurt really bad and put a new 1 back on. After that she continued to do my set and filed them down very well so that they didn't look so thick on top which was great. she continued to then put my nail polish on. The colors that I chose were yellow orange and white to Make a candy corn color for Halloween. I asked her if she thought the colors were right after showing her a picture of what I wanted and she said yes so she continued to put the color on. During the process of my nails another client of hers walked in for a pedicure and I could tell that the client was impatient so while she was putting my nail polish on she seemed sort of rushed. I kept asking her if she thought the orange is too Clear and if it works and she said it was good. She only put 2 coats of the orange which was not enough because you could still see through the orange to the yellow . Then she put the white on my tips and she rushed it so much that the white was not a straight line, you could see each line of yellow through the orange because the orange was not thick enough. Then instead if finishing the top coat, she had the manager finish it so she could go to the pedicure.  Which was fine but I was not really happy cause I nicked my nail on the way out cause I felt so rushed myself from her.  I payed 40 for the set and 5 for the polish.  The website and the nail tech told me 25 for the set but that is not what I was charged.  Per the website and prices listed it should have been 25(set) + 5 (acrylic take off with service) + 5 (nail polish) = 35.  This place was overpriced, they tell you one price and charge another, and their painting skills are terrible.  I had to go home and paint them myself again cause they were so bad and embarrassing. Plus I think she conned me into getting a new set instead of filling them.  Needless to say I will not go back nor recommend. You may think I am over exaggerating the polish but it was terrible , believe me. I would tell you which tech but she never told me her name. Her lines were nit straight and it is not hard to do candy corn design on nails.
4	On New Years Day we decided to have a girls day and go get a pedicure. Since we just moved to the area from rainy Portland, we were excited that we could actually be wearing sandals in January..yeah maybe it is a little cold but the sun was shining. My daughter, mom and I headed out to Laveen Nail. When we entered we were delighted to see that the place had more of a spa feel than a typical nail salon. We picked out our polish from their large selection of colors and we were able to get started right away. I was happy that they used plastic inserts in the foot tub which made me feel better about the cleanliness of the place. When the nail tech came over she presented me with a menu of choices to choose from. I went with the Laveen Spa Pedicure which included callous removed and a scrub. I am going to say that this was probably one of the best pedicures I have ever had. The massage was great on top of everything else. They finished it off with a great paint job including some cute flowers. We will definitely be back.
3	:) Great place for massage services! Love the reflexology and table massage. Nicole was my tech for the massage and she's amazing!! I've had both reflexology and table with her and she's a gem!!Love their email specials and scheduling is easy to do.:( Nail service is not my favorite here because the techs always seem rushed and their customer service is not up to par. Often I'm left feeling as if they are doing ME a favor instead of me being the paying customer. Not sure if it's a cheaper method or simply poor quality but the nail polish and gel colors always chip w/in days and seem thinned down with acetone. The gel does not compare to the CND brand I find at other locations. The left row front chair needs to be replaced as it's very worn down and the massage factor not comfortable. Overall a very good massage place to have nearby in Laveen since we're so far away from major business areas.
1	Waited 2 hours on a quoted 30 min wait and still wasn't taken back. Service was rude and I will never return or recommend to anyone
4	I come here with a group of ladies for pedicures and socializing. We always call in advance. None of us ever has to wait because of this. The place is clean and the staff is friendly and professional and the prices are fair. They do a pretty good job here, and I recommend them.I would ignore some of the negative comments here because those posters strike me as immature and impatient, and not too bright. Because, obviously  if you go on a busy day with no appointment you will have to wait, and we are responsible for checking ALL prices ourselves beforehand and not making assumptions on services rendered , regardless of where we go for services. Some (cheap/poor?) people do not like to pay extra, and they expect an extravagant amount of time spent on doing specialized things. (Nail) Art is subjective, people. Rudeness is a two-way street. Exercise common sense and you will truly enjoy your experience.
1	Pedicure was just okay and I can deal with an "okay" pedicure if the polish job is done correct (no polish on cuticle or skin). Once I got home and looked at my pedicure I was extremely disappointed. I have polish all over the tip of my toes. I should have noticed before I left but I'm not one to inspect every detail. I would just hope that as  professionals they know what they are doing. The girls were nice however they were talking about their personal lives a little too much. One was talking about her husband beating her and the other was talking about her dad cheating on her mom, not really what I want to hear when trying to relax.  Note~ See picture
5	Awesome! I just moved to the area and needed a massage bad. I'm used to at least deep tissue a month. My massage therapist was Nicole and she did an excellent job, one of the beat I've had in a while. I will definitely be coming back.
5	I have went to an expensive East Valley salon for my eyebrows for over two years.  I was really hesitant about trying somebody new but my girls hours just don't accommodate me anymore.  I got my eyebrows done by Ivy and she did a great job.  I gave her a 50% tip since my eyebrows were only $10 and I was used to paying over 20!
4	Best option I have found in Laveen. They get really busy (because the other salons in the area are aweful) so be prepared to wait.  The lady nail techs are more skilled then the men. Great eyebrow wax service too
4	I was taken quickly, the work was done fast and beautifully. I always appreciate when they don't hurt me because it happens sometimes. Only was supposed to do one glittered nail on the ring finger but they didn't have a silver glitter or even purple glitter color. I would recommend anyone to go. Professional service and nice location.
5	I went to a nail shop on Arcadia and was very disappointed when I tried gel nails for the first time and they chipped within 2 days. I decided to give another shop a try since I just recently moved to Laveen. The nail tech was Lena and did a fantastic job. No chipping at all lasted 2 weeks and went back 2 days ago for another color. Will be my go to spot for gel nails
5	the massage therapists are so on point here. i just came back from a massage from bobbi (so glad that you came back!) and it was honstly the best massage i have ever received, and i am no stranger to massages. her neck and shoulder work does WONDERS
1	I have been a client here for years - always wonderful- until the new ownership. I will not return after the service I just got (...didn't get).  First I was told they had an opening for a pedi, "right now", however I had to wait 15 minutes. Just tell me it's going to be a wait - don't ignore me for 15 minutes as I wonder WHEN I'll actually be acknowledged. Most importantly - sanitation!!!!! My chair was missing the jets attachment, she grabs one from a strangers water & puts it dripping directly into mine WITHOUT any sanitation! Dis-Gust-Ing! Time to find a new place .....
2	Sadly, I need to update my review of Laveen Nail. What I like about Laveen Nail is the proximity to my house. The staff is very friendly, and the place is clean and has nice massage chairs that work. They also always seem to have enough staff so there isn't a wait.I chose the Deluxe pedicure today, at $40. Big mistake.Normally when I pay more for a pedicure I EXPECT to get what I paid for, especially because in addition to that I am leaving a tip (I refuse to stiff anyone, no matter what). The deluxe pedi is your basic pedicure (soak, nail/cuticle trim, callous removal, lotion and polish) but ALSO includes a sugar scrub, hot wax, hot towel, plus an extra long massage.Now...let me digress here for a moment..... It is just me, or are all these Asian owned day spas skimping on every last little thing these days? Rushing through and not doing a good job?So there is that. Even with a basic pedi all the pedis I've been getting are rushed and pretty terrible. So much so that I can do a better job at home (and I usually choose that--because why pay for bad service?)But with the Deluxe I was expecting to get more. So what I got was the rushed pedicure, a 30 second sugar scrub on each leg, and some really scalding hot wax in a slippery, cheap plastic bag. I couldn't move my feet because I had to hold them *just so* so they wouldn't spill out everywhere, which prevented me from fully relaxing. Part of the massage was a few rocks rubbed over my shins for about 2 minutes. Seriously? And then The hot towel was literally 30 seconds--just long enough to wipe off the wax.The lotion rub was woefully pitiful. Weak hands, no passion or care. Just of the crummy  run of the mill pedicure factory variety. Each leg got about 1.5 to 2 minutes.IT SUCKED.I am rich. I have the money for these things. I shouldn't have to drive 15-20 miles for better services and better care. I'd seriously do this twice a month +tips if the pedis were better.But I won't. I will never go back for those services from those people, and in general I just won't go anywhere anymore, because all of these people are so used to us by now that they all don't seem to give a shit anymore.Look---we can all do our own at-home pedis, What we are paying for is SERVICE. STEP UP YOUR GAME or I won't return. And if someone knows a better place in Laveen, or nearby, please drop me a line!
1	I am disappointed to have to write this review and wish there were a way to give 0 stars. I have been a customer of Laveen Nails since they opened and have always received exceptional service. I heard that the ownership changed and went in for an appointment yesterday with my friend expecting the same great service. I was highly disappointed. I got a full set of nails with the gel overlay and the nail tech only did the gel on one of my hands. When I pointed out that the nails on my left hand were not shiny, she tried to wipe one of the nails with acetone to make it shine. When that did not work and I requested she fix it she became very rude with me as she added the gel to my left hand which should have been done in the first place. In addition I asked that the shape of my nails be oval and she kept making them square until I just got tired of asking her to change them. The nails are very thick and oddly shaped. I needed them done for my wedding so unfortunately I did not have time to go somewhere else and have the redone. My friend went in for a pedicure and was given a pedicure that was more expensive then what she requested. Then the technician filed her foot so hard that the bottom of her toe started to bleed. When we pointed it out she just kept saying no and shaking her head like she did not cause the bleeding instead of apologizing or even cleaning the toe. When we asked to speak to someone about it on the way out the cashier offered us a small discount and no apologies. We had to ask if there were any band aids available to cover the toe as we left. Rather than press the issue and cause a scene we paid for the services and left. This nail salon has been one of my favorite over the years and I have taken a number of my friends, family and out of town guests for services. Sadly the change in ownership and management is being reflected in the quality and customer service and I will not be returning.
5	I've been coming here for 2 years and I'm never disappointed! They recently changed owners but nothing about the shop has changed. Staff is always super friendly and helpful. Awesome colors and designs to choose from. I always get a pedicure and gel manicure, I would definitely recommend choosing either Mai or Ivy as your nail tech, they are amazing!
