5	I am really enjoying this tanning salon. I've been to a few in the area and this one has proven to have the most friendly and knowledgeable staff and highest quality beds. The salon is set up so that you walk in, use your fingerprint to access your account, use the self-serve computer to pick your bed, number of minutes, and help yourself. This is set up this way because this company is set up to be a 24/7 salon, but they are currently awaiting local legal permission to do so in this area.
1	i wish I could leave a negative star. They have decent beds, but the radios never work, you  have to clean your own beds and the so called HIGH tech self checkin never works. They charged me for 24 all access which i dont have. I got BURNED to a crisp my first time there because they dont clean the beds and I am allergic to TINGLE lotion. Then they charge $43 a month for unlimited level 2 tanning and set me up for "autopay' every month. They charged my original card i signed up with then tried charging me 3 months at once saying they didnt charge me and had to have them all go thru at once! No notice, nothing! So now i have to fight with them over that. On top of everything, I had left my lotion there and was told it was being held for me. SURPRISE, it wasnt. SO after asking the completely RUDE "manager" to get a radio that worked i said im just gonna take a sample for now, she turned around and said "are u gonna pay for that later" as if I was stealing it!!!! omg! i was livid. I was told the corporate office was going to contact me, 3 weeks later, nothing. I was there yesterday, as I was going into the room a new girl said (while standing next to the "manager" do u have your lotion with you? REALLY? this place is poorly run, semi running equipment and RUDE snotty inept employees working there. DO NOT GO THERE! way overpriced for subpar tanning beds
2	The start of my experience here was not so good.  I signed up for my membership and provided a card to the employee who said that she didn't think my card had gone through.  I assumed she knew what she was doing and said no problem.  She said that she would keep an eye on it to make sure that it had gone through and if we had an issue, we could work it out.  Well, my card did process the payment...4 times.  Awesome, over $400 was taken out.  I called as soon as I noticed it and spoke to a few different people that said they would pass on my message and have someone call me.  After not hearing from anyone I took care of calling, and calling, myself.  After 3 weeks, it was finally resolved and I got my money back.  I thank God that I didn't have any important pending items that would have been returned for insufficient funds.  The manager did finally call me back and she apologized and offered some upgrades on my account for the inconvenience.  All is good, until I went to check myself in and my account had been deleted.  Oh man, it was not looking so good for this joint.  The beds, all but once, have been clean.  The staff has been friendly, nothing special, but friendly.I'm stuck for 3 months so I will make the best of it.
2	OLD REVIEW: There are not a lot of tanning salon's out here in east Gilbert so I was really happy when this one opened! They are very relaxed and friendly and have the best discounts all the time if u are connected with them through social media! The unlimited spray tan is what keeps me there! The only downfall is that they are not always stocked up with everything like baby wipes and that extra stuff. With the good deals they have though it is not a big deal and usually if you ask they have more in the back. I love to be tan!  :)UPDATE: Too expensive for what they offer and always out of things! Switched back to my old place all the way in Ahwatukee.
5	I love my tanning salon. I have been coming to iBeach gilbert for over a year now and have not been disappointed, They are a little pricey but the 24hr convenience is well worth paying a little more. Staff has always been friendly. Members save on lotions and email list receives coupons and i only get maybe one email a month rather than everyday i like that
5	My daughter went and loved it. Got a spray on tan. In and out. No fuss no muss. And no appointment.  good crew.
1	It seems Ibeach has gone out of business which does not bode well because I just paid them for one month of tanning for my fiance and I (5-13-3013).  I will say that when I was able to tan (only one week)  the service was fine and the machines were always clean and in good working order.I now face trying to decide If seeking a refund is worth the potential hassle.....good thing I paid with a credit card instead of debit which is easier to dispute.I went to celebrity tanning and learned few things.  They seem to be a more established comapny with more locations and comparable pricing plans.  The employee I spoke with was knowledgable and willing to work with me to transition my business from Ibeach.  Hopefully I can work out some kind of deal with them to make an easy transition and not waste more money.
1	I also just signed up for 3 months and paid with a debit card.  I just found out they closed and I'll have to call my bank tomorrow.  I am not happy!  Why would they encourage me to buy a package just days before they locked the doors.  I feel that is fraud and I plan to sek legal action if needed.
1	Update to my last review http://www.kpho.com/story/22420825/customers-say-ibeach-tan-closed-without-notice-not-providing-refunds.Hopefully you others paid with a credit card.  I have successfully had all charges reversed through my CC company.  Nice little "fuck you" to the ibeach owners who will not issue the refunds themselves.  I encourage all others to do the same.
