4	I ve been living here for a year and have faced no problems at all. The apartments on the penthouse floor which is the 22nd floor are great. You have an option of choosing an apt with new appliances which are much better than the really old ones. The maintainence staff and the office are always available and helpful. I did have some problems with the dishwasher and the kitchen sink but it was fixed.
2	If you enjoy sneezing for an hour after you wake up, this is the place for you.  The air in the apartments during the winter is so dry that you need to put pots of water on the heater to make it bearable.  While they have recently redone the lobby area, the rooms are still very much lacking.  I would not recommend these apartments to anyone other than hockey fans, as it was nice to be able to walk over and catch a hockey game anytime you like.
1	Do absolutely everything you can to live anywhere else but here. It's a racket where they lock you in requiring a 60-day notice to cancel BUT NOT FROM THE DATE YOU CANCEL. It's to the next month so they're basically sucking you in for 3 months rent then charge you a month termination fee (because they never show you the models on the floors you'll deal with and the terrible conditions you deal with). It's 30 days anywhere else. Just a short list of the problems:-There are people that literally just squat in other peoples' apartments (I'm talking at least 12 to an apartment) who come and go and slam the doors all day and night.-You can't take the stairs instead of the elevators and there aren't enough elevators to accommodate the demand, so you'll be stuck standing and waiting to get anywhere for a very long time.-Whatever people are cooking (and smoking) in their apartments permeates the air in the hall and gets into your apartment.-If it's not the road construction that wakes you up and serves as your background noise, it's the work going on in the building at any given moment-A lot of the doormen are just incredibly rude-Prepare to get really uncomfortable as the multitude of ethnicities gawk and stare at you while they carry potent-smelling foods to various floors on the elevators...barefoot.-If you have a dog, also prepare to have other people make you wait for another elevator because they're scared (including maintenance staff).-The trash chute also permeates the hall with its distinctive smell of rotting strawberries, all the time-Really bad insulation on the windows-The 2 leasing agents gave me a hard time for ACTUALLY reading my lease when I said and told me they would send a copy. It's been 6 months and they still haven't and I'm still waiting on a copy after my 3rd request.-Don't expect anyone to get back to you with an expediency-It's an overpriced geriatric facility and/or dormitory. It can be quite confusing.-The only option for guest parking is an expensive valet option or metered parking on the side streets (where my boyfriend's car got vandalized and broken into b/c you are in the Hill District).-HILL DISTRICT + NEXT TO CONSOL =really awkward encounters outside and either not coming home during an event at Consol or being a hermit and not leaving.-Alarms, sirens, and yelling drunk people all night-AC cuts off on Oct. 1 so you'll get hot boxed in your, as aforementioned, poorly insulated apartmentThis is a short list. I will certainly add to it as more irritations arise.You'd be better off living anywhere but here for any length of time.
5	Great location and nice view from downtown and river sides! Friendly staff .. Love their security system. Won't forget the great facilities (gym, swimming pool, lobby area, shuttle service) have been here for 5 years and I couldn't find a better place to live.
