4	This place is always happening!!!! They have from what I have heard one of the best skate parks in the valley.  Every time I drive by the skate park is crowded with kids and teens trying to kill themselves but they always seem to be having lots and lots of fun.I've been to the dog park with my greyhounds, very nice and clean, just a little small for my guys. The surprise park has much more running room for them.Its about time El Mirage got a good park that you are not afraid to go to during the day!!
5	This park is a GEM! Located on the western side of El Mirage Road, half way between Olive and Cactus. The park has everything you need to enjoy an day or night outside. The sports fan will enjoy the two first class baseball diamonds, football/soccer fields, basketball courts, and skate park. If you are just looking to go for a run or even a walk, the park has a large track that circles the sports fields. I can not say for sure, but I would guess a full lap around would be about a mile. Looking to take the kids out for some cool water fun? The El Mirage park has a fantastic splash pad too! At night the pad has different colored lights around the fountains. If a relaxing picnic is what your looking for, the park has plenty of grills and a few covered shelters. Don't forget to bring Fido either!  The park has a very nice dog park for your furry friend to stretch their paws and mingle with other K9s.  The place is usually pretty busy at night during the warmer months so although parking usually is not a problem you still may want to get there early.
3	Stopped here for a few minutes to let me little guy run around before driving on to New Mexico. It was clean,open, and cold.
4	This is a great place to take the family for some fun at the park. It boasts a playground for kids, several fields for baseball, football, soccer, etc. There is also a skate park attached at the front end for those who skate or bike (or use scooters). Additionally, there is a couple food stands in the center of the park for those that get hungry. Lastly, there is a dog park attached at the southern end for those who are looking for a place to take their pets. Be aware that they are building a police station at the southwest end of the park. It may add to security (not that it's really needed), as well as ensure that the people who attend the park are behaving nicely.
