5	Tired of paying dealer service prices for possibly shabby service?  Then it's time to call EuroTechs.Specializing in MINI Cooper and Jaguar repairs, I had my MINI in for an alternator replacement.  Not only was the repair finished quickly, it was also cheaper than the dealer charged for the same service!Not only did my repair get taken care of, Jerry also gave me a list of items that should be repaired fairly soon.  His list made sense, included the installation price and was reasonably priced.  Helpful, clean and affordable.  If you own a MINI in or around Phoenix, EuroTechs should be your shop of choice!
5	Beyond frustrated with Mini of Scottsdale, I came to EuroTechs upon recommendation from someone very knowledgable in Mini's. **Jerry is knowledgable, honest, quick, and affordable!**He's got a great work ethic, & it is evident that he loves what he does. My repair was rapid & the list of items that should be repaired soon-ish was reasonably priced. And for any items I didn't understand, he took the time to explain so that I could actually comprehend what was needed (or not needed) for my Mini. A++ service!
5	Jerry, the sole owner and service tech gives the best prices, the best customer service, and the friendliest personality you will ever encounter at a car service facility!He is one of a kind. Trust me, see Jerry for all your service and aftermarket accessory needs!Greg
5	I just bought a used MINI Cooper S and a friend told me to visit Eurotechs for great service and prices with dealer quality repairs. He couldn't have been more right. The topper is the customer service you get from Jerry, the owner. Something that is too often overlooked these days, he seems to treat each customer the way he'd like to be treated. Honest, knowledgeable and a plain ol' nice guy. I highly recommend Eurotechs to anyone looking for quality work, great prices and an enjoyable experience. Let's help keep local businesses like this alive and flourishing.
5	Eurotechs is the new home for my Jag!! Jerry is both honest and very knowledgeable.... I spent 2 months dealing with another tech that jerked me around with parts and prices... in 1 week Jerry had my X-Type back on the road. Found me a used part that didn't break the bank, suggested we go this route first because he knew how much I had dumped into it before and installed my new H.I.D lighting system while we were waiting for the part. Over all a great experience! Jerry you have made me a loyal customer! (Because I own a Jag, I'm sure I'll be back!)
5	You are guaranteed a Cheer's experience when you walk into Euro Techs, Jerry  always remembers your name and the name of your MiNI.  The work done is beyond wonderful and the pricing is even better.  Pumpkin is now a regular there and she, my MiNi, wouldn't have it any other way.
5	Great service, reasonable prices and good advise.  If you have a Mini and need service; this is the place.  Jerry is honest, fair and very knowledgeable.  I can recommend  Euro Techs for your Mini Service.
5	I really have to give it up to Jerry and his great service. This gentlemen knows what he's talking about and i would use his services again. Brought my 2005 Mini  for some  major work and he fixed it right the first time. God Bless this guy!
5	Update on Euro Techs...my MINI was in need of brake service and once again, Jerry and Dad came through!  After being told by the dealership that I needed front and rear pads and rotors, it was determined by the guys that I just needed rear pads and sensors (surprised the dealership forgot that one).  Instead of charges of nearly $1K my total bill was less than $130!  Thanks to the most honest, ethical and skilled MINI mechanics there are!  If you own a MINI and don't go to Euro Techs for any repair big or small, you're wasting your money!
5	Jerry of EuroTechs has been my go-to Jaguar expert for nearly 2 years now.  He's very attentive, communicative and experienced.  He's flexible and does a great job of walking one through the potentialities of what the issue(s) could be relating to the care of vehicles.  I trust him and rely on him whenever there is even a question concerning my "Jazzy Jaggy".....And, that my friends, is not something I give easily!BIG UPS to Jerry at EuroTechs!!! I'm delighted to highly recommend your business but even more so, your personal care - Thank you!
5	Best place to go when you need MINI Service in the Phoenix area. Great customer service. I always left feeling like a valued customer with nothing to worry about.
5	Eurotechs is your goto place to take your MINI when you are in Phoenix area. The owner is very knowledgable and is fair on his prices.
5	What can you say about Jerry (Who is Euro Techs)?  How about Honest, Hard Working, Reasonable, Fun, Experienced, Knowledgable, and He gives a Shit about us, his customers.  Not something you associate when it comes to the Car Biz.  So don't think twice about coming here, just get there as fast as you can.  He'll make it right and you will want to tell all your friends.
5	I bought a "lemon" mini without even knowing it and it is even yellow! Euro tech were wonderful, patient, and honest. I can not say enough great things about them and their service. I would highly recommend them for your all of your mini needs.  I wish euro tech was in CA because I don't know what we are going to do here. Don't worry we are going to paint the car now that it is running great! We love it!
5	I love these guys!! They just saved me $7000 bucks and fixed my lil girl and got her back on the streets!! I will be back soon to have some fun work installed!! Looking forward to 250hp coming outta my Mini!! Thanks again guys!! You rock!
5	Just had to add to the party!I got my MINI Cooper last year in late 2013 and I LOVE it! (just not the dealership repair prices) So I heard about Euro Techs and fell in love instantly.Not only do they specialize in MINI Coopers, but they are very fair priced, the work is done by highly competent people, and the customer service is very MINI owner friendly.I did make a mistake as to take my car to another mechanic for an oil change (worst idea ever). I ended up with a major oil leak, a dead battery, and a broken hood latch. All at the same time. Luckily, Euro Techs can fix all of that for me, quick, easy, and wallet friendly.Ill be moving to Texas in 10days, so ill really miss this place.Thanks for all the great work ya'll have done! I'll be back next SW MINI Fest for sure :)
5	OK...  I know some people exaggerate but Jerry is a godsend.  I will give a very specific example.  Today, I went in for a couple small things and asked for a radiator flush as well.  I just purchased my mini and I knew it was worked on at Euro Techs prior to me buying the car.  The prior owner had a lot a paper work history but I could not find anything that said the radiator was flushed. Jerry said he worked on this car a few months ago and he just flushed it.  The previous owner didn't have that particular paperwork it seems and Jerry ABSOLUTELY didn't have to tell me that.   He also said there was no need to change my fuel filter at this time.What mechanic does this? If you live in Arizona...Hell, California or even New Mexico, go to Euro Techs.  This place has something that is unheard of, AN HONEST MECHANIC.  Wow.
5	I have not yet been here. but i called to get a quote to change out the battery on my 2012 mini countryman.  he told me that it is covered by mini and to take it to the dealership.  I was shocked by his honesty.  he gave me a quote that if for any reason it wasn't covered i could have them switch it out for less than half of what the dealership quoted me.  I am very impressed by their integrity and will be using them in the future for whatever isn't covered by my warranty!
5	Jerry is fantastic! This was my first service on a certified MINI I bought last year. I chose EuroTechs after searching and reading all the great reviews. I needed an oil change and the price ($74) was in-line with a standard oil-change place I called. I was in and out in 30 minutes. Jerry took extra time to answer questions and give me some information on th car. He even explained that my MINI should have an extended warranty for several more years and told me to check with the dealership; I thought the warranty ended last month based on original purchase. This means for mechanical problems I'd be going to the dealership instead of EuroTechs. How honest is that?! Jerry really knows his MINIs and keeps tires, filters, etc. in stock that general shops don't always have for MINIs. I also thought the labor was priced very reasonably ($25 for my service, roughly 30 minutes). I will be back!
5	I called in for a quote on a tranny flush, and the guy that answered quoted me $45, which was unbelievable. I showed up as scheduled and I learned he had misquoted me, and it was really $150. BUT he kept his promise and gave it to me for $45, and did a general check up on my Mini for free. These guys are honest, and take alot of pride in their reputation. They know good business! Obviously I will be going back. :)
5	Best shop I have ever dealt with. Real sold customer service and a quality trusted work to match. I will always take both our Minis to Eurotechs. Thanks Jerry!!
