4	I had a positive experience with this shop. I needed something framed at the last minute, and within extremely precise parameters (that weren't easy to abide by), and they not only got the work done correctly and on time, but at a reasonable price. The staff is a little gruff, but not at all unfriendly, and I am happy to have found a local shop that I will return to.
4	I should've have posted my review a while ago, but I had a really good experience at this shop. I came in July (2013) with a non standard proportion large photograph print. With the help of the staff I picked out what I thought was going to be a gorgeous job! For a beach photo we choose a sandy mat and a texturized frame that was mostly a tan with a lot of black and white and gold accents. It was up there price wise ($400), but I was so in love and I knew it wasn't going to be cheap in general! They told me it'd be done in two weeks and I was shocked. I got a call about two weeks later to come in because the frame we picked wasn't the same when it came in from the supplier :(. It was totally plain and not what we looked at! They knew immediately if they had put it together with that I would not be happy! They offered me to look at other frames and we spent a good hour or so looking at other frames and I still wasn't finding anything. We picked one and he said he was going to talk to the supplier to see if they'd give it to me at the same price. ALSO, on top of that they painted and texturized it many many times themselves. They called me in to check out a sample before they went ahead with the whole frame. They did tell me I should have no problem with it being done by Sept 19th, which I was having ankle surgery and wouldn't be able to after. I called a couple times checking in and they did explain to me that it took A LOT of painting, drying, and sandy to get it just right. Plus they were busy as well. It ended up being done towards the end of September (2013) and they held onto it no problem until mid October (2013) for me. They also helped me carry it to my car (I was still in a boot). They are very nice and pleasant, but not terribly social or energetic. All in all I got an AMAZING product for probably a fraction of the price! The time wasn't a huge deal for me, but anyone who is in a hurry might want to keep it in mind. I didn't have a problem waiting for a quality product. See picture.
1	I wish there were negative stars I could put for this place.  One of the most unprofessional experiences I have ever had with a business owner, not even a worker.  I was yelled at, mocked, and generally treated like crap for checking up on a remounting job that was supposed to be done within a week.  Emotional mess the rest of the day.  I have never been treated that way with any owner of a business.   I work with restaurant owners for god's sake!   Unbelievable.   If you want the full story, email me and I will tell you the whole thing.  As it is right now, DO NOT patronize this business.   There was absolutely no excuse for his attitude.
