1	I wish there was a way to give negative stars on reviews. I had to write a review. Normally I'm a very satisfied customer (most my reviews are 5 star); however, The Robinson Group screwed us over, dicked us around, and made living in their property hands down the worst experience of my life, and I have lived in 5 states with over 10 different property managers (not military, just move a lot). It started when we had been living in the house and our property manager sold the property to The Robinson Group right before summer began getting super hot. Well, our AC broke three times over the course of two months. Each time it took them over three days to fix. Normally it sucks when your AC breaks in Phoenix summer, but we had a dog, so it was terrible for him! They kept making excuses to why it kept breaking - it was electrical, not even an AC issue. Then in October we had to go 20 days - yes TWENTY DAYS without hot water. We notified them we had no hot water. It took them three days to figure out why. Then when it was finally figured out - it took TWO WEEKS for them to fix it. I eventually took an entire day off work just to do it myself. Then when we requested those days we were not able to live in our home (couldn't shower, couldn't do laundry, couldn't do dishes, couldn't cook), they said it was not their fault and refused to reduce our rent. Then when I met with the city office for the Landlord and Tenant Act, they said we were entitled to reimbursement for those days the house was unlivable. We deducted the amount due to us from our November Rent and moved out Dec 1. Well, our deposit check came back and they deducted the "rent we owed them from November". We are going to the city and seeking legal action but this has been the worst 4 months of my life dealing with these rude, cheap, and lazy people. If you ever consider a landlord or purchasing a home - go somewhere else!!! These people will bleed you when it hurts.
1	I must confess to date, I have never in my life given a bad review online. This is my first. But I am compelled to write as my service with the Robinson Group (and specifically with Jarrod Robinson and Erich Robinson) was so abysmal, I truly don't want any one else to have to go through a bit of what I did. For close to a year they managed my property and here is just a snapshot of some of the headaches, challenges and unethical business service I received:1. Charged for certain management fees I declined.2. Repeatedly, charged for City of Phoenix late charges on water bills although money was in my account to pay it. They just paid it late.3. Repeated failure to use my Home Warranty for repairs even when asked and instead I was charged their contractor fees. BTW I am now with my new property manager and they use my home warranty without any problems at all. 4. Double charges when I only ought to have been charged once. 5. Annual leasing commissions charged on a monthly rental and when the tenant left within 3 months they did not reimburse me for the 9 months the tenant didn't occupy one of my suites. In total, I only received $644.65 in rent over three months of the tenant staying (actually less than one month rent) while Robinson Group received their $375 annual commission plus their 8% monthly management fees. I have still to be credited for the nine months the tenant wasn't even in my property.6. Property manager negotiated deals without my prior consent. This is omething that Jarrod Robinson over the phone with me and my husband on September 27th, 2013 told me "was totally against their policy" but then stopped returning any of our emails or calls even though he said he would get to the bottom of it and call me back right after the weekend.7. Promised to credit me $100 for gardening fees I didn't give consent to, even though they told me they would reimburse me over the phone.8. Sub-par (which is actually being nice!) communication. Emails and phone calls not returned when they said they would be, especially from the two heads Jarrod Robinson and Erich Robinson.9. Recommended renovations over $7000 telling me they would be able to raise rents easily with "no problem" by $75 a month and then when they were not able to easily rent out my units month after month used all kinds of excuses and suggested going back to original rent.10. General lack of consistency. My property manager was switched 3 times over the course of 8 months (twice without even informing me) and often they would contradict the advice of the previous manager. The only person at the Robinson Group who seemed organized and professional was their accountant, Cindy, who admittedly told me that she is "the mother hen of the boys who often needs her reminders to get back to clients and stay on track." I absolutely don't doubt this and is one of the most honest pieces shared with me during my time with Erich Robinson and Jarrod Robinson's company. Cindy went to bat for me a few times and it helped some...at least temporarily. Also, their contractor Jerry Herr is a gem and does great work but the management is horrible and management fees unethical.Currently, I am now with another property manager (have been for 3 months now) who returns my calls and emails promptly, does not nickel and dime me to death, charges a fraction of what they charge, does not make excuses for unethical business treatment, does not double charge and now I see just how TAKEN I really was. Over the course of the year with Erich Robinson and Jarrod Robinson's company I was double and overcharged by well over $2500 (this doesn't include the over $7K in recommended renovations they suggested telling me they would be able to raise rents easily with, but couldn't).My sincere hope is that if you are considering doing biz with Robinson Group, or specifically doing business with Jarrod Robinson or Erich Robison you give your head a shake and run the other way. Seriously! I wish you all the best. There are great property managers out there...Robinson Group just isn't one of them.
