4	Last week I was coming home from the trip to Epic.  I am very impressed with this airport.  Very clean, looks like it has been recently renovated (or well maintained).  I got to the airport early because I about to fall asleep driving around Madison.  Right outside the security area there was lovely Anita who performed a rejuvenating back massage.  So now I had to figure out what to do with my time since I wasn't looking for a corner to nap in. There is wi-fi (for a small fee).   If you need nourishment, there are several options - Quiznos Subs, Pizza and Ben and Jerry's (those are the only ones that I remember there could be more.)  It was the quickest 3 hours I have sat in an airport.
4	Since moving to Madison last year, I've flown in and out of MSN almost 20 times.  For a small municipal airport, MSN is extremely modern, clean, and attractive.  Since it's a relatively small airport, check-in and security waits are pretty minimal...I've arrived less than an hour before my flight time and had a good cushion of time to spare.  That said, the wait at the airline counter *can* be slow, and the TSA staff at security can be odd and inefficient at times.  When checking luggage, the security staff have ALWAYS opened up my luggage each time, so use TSA-approved locks, plastic ties, or leave your luggage open; otherwise, they'll call you on the intercom and ask you to come down and open your bags.If you're flying to either coast, keep in mind that most flights route through Chicago, Denver, Minneapolis, Detroit, St. Louis, or other hubs (try to avoid Chicago, as most of my flights there have been delayed).  There are some direct flights to New York (LGA) and a few other places, but sadly for me, no non-stop flights to the west coast.As the other poster mentioned, there's a small variety of places to eat while waiting for your flight (there's a franchise of the Great Dane Pub here, a German restaurant, Ben and Jerry's, a cafe, and some fast-foodish style places--thankfully, no Burger King or McDonalds here).When you return to Madison, the wait for bags can be excruciatingly slow...I'm not sure if the airport is understaffed or what, but it seems to take a long time to unload planes that have relatively small passenger manifests.  Also, don't plan on taking the Metro Transit bus to or from the airport on weekends or holidays, as there is no bus service during these times.  Instead, catch a cab on the far end of the baggage pickup area.
3	This little muni type airport is very clean, fairly new or updated, only has a few gates, and has easy in and out access. It is about 10 miles from downtown Madison. The rental cars are just a walk away, and you need to check the counter to get your key, after which you can just drive off out of the lot. Because it is a smaller airport, there isn;t a lot of larger equipment servicing it. So if you are flying in from major distant airports, there is a good chance you will need to fly through ORD (via United) or MSP (Northwest) to get here. That also means you may be flying in a Bombardier Canada Air Jet puddle hopper.
4	I love this airport, which is a really weird because... um... it's an airport.  My main reason is that this place is the antithesis of O'Hare.  (It's clean, there's places to sit, and there is a distinct absence of Chili's/Pizza Hut.) The part that sucks; flying out of this airport usually means that you will have to switch planes, but there are some rare direct flights if you're heading to Denver, Houston, and others.  I also dig this place, because they have friendly security guards who openly mock you when your boarding pass says "Milwaukee."
4	I like this airport.  It's always clean.  The car rental desks are right across from the luggage carousels, so you can often have your rental car keys before your luggage comes out.There's a cute lounge with comfy chairs for people to sit in if they're waiting for an arriving flight.If you're on your way out, there is a crap shop and snack bar up by the gates for those last minute purchases.  I don't recommend ordering a coffee more complicated than "coffee".   Those new-fangled espresso drinks can stump some people (what year is this?).  The only thing is the TSA people take their job VERY seriously here.  Once I accidentally had a leftover bottle of water in the bottom of my pack.  Totally an oversight but you'da thought I was a bomb-toting terrorist.  When I used to travel with a light-weight Combi stroller they would literally dismantle it looking for ... drugs? firearms?  I don't know.  More times that I can count, my husband has been detained for an extra thorough search.  He travels rather frequently.  Internationally.  He knows what's ok and what's not and never has a problem except in Madison.  He does not have white skin.  I'm just sayin'.It's nice having the rental cars right across the street in the parking garage.  It's not nice if you arrive late at night in the snow and your car is in the lot NEXT to the parking garage.
5	I love this airport.I suppose like many small airports, things just seem more efficient and less crowded.I think what makes Dane County different is that it is so new.  They just did a major revamping project, so everything is all shiny and marble and classy.  I've never, ever had an issue checking in or getting my bags or anything.  There is no chaotic traffic outside, taxis are easy to find, and of course all of the gate agents are super friendly.
5	Great airport. Easy to use, very clean and best of all, you can east some Usingers sausage before you board your flight. :)I flew Midwest to Milwaukee then continued on one of their last Best Care Signature flights on their 717s to Los Angeles.
4	Small, clean, well run and efficient.I was here on Monday for a quick trip and was immediately impressed with the cleanliness and friendly attitude of the employees.  Once you arrive, you'll be off and running in no time flat.  There aren't that many gates, there's only one screening checkpoint, and you'll get your checked bags quickly since the distance from the ramp to the terminal is minimal.Food options are limited, but I recall seeing an Uno, a Ben & Jerry's, a sit down restaurant, a cafe with seated dining, and a few convenience stores for snacks, magazines, books, souvenirs, etc.All in all this is an airport I wouldn't mind flying into and out of more often just because of the features I observed.
4	This last trip through MSN, I had some nice encounters from people who didn't need to be.  But we STILL had TSA issues.  My husband got through unscathed for once (!).  This time it was my 12-year old son.  WTF??  Now I know what was in his backpack (a math textbook and pencils) and he'd made it through other security just fine, thankyouverymuch.  But THIS time, it was the "Step to the side", thorough search, lots of questions.  Poor kid thought he'd done something wrong.  Meanwhile, when we got home, one of us found matches in our pocket that had inadvertently gone through...  At least it's a short line because it's a small airport!
4	Quaint and friendly little airport. I was surprised with how clean it was. It reminds me of the Long Beach airport, but cleaner and nicer. They even had comfy arm chairs in the visitors' waiting area.Be aware though. Don't assume that just because it's a tiny airport that you can just zip through security. Oh no. Not true. The security team is the most thorough that I've seen...so allow time for them. The authenticity of my ID was totally questioned. They sort through your bagged liquids. They make you leave your shoes out of the shoe bin. I totally got frisked. But, you know, they're nice about it anyway.Just don't get a latte at the concession stand by the Delta gate. The woman behind the counter wanted to know if what I wanted was made with "eXpresso." Ok, if she doesn't know what's in it, don't order it. If she puts an "x" rather than an "s" in it, she probably won't be able to make it. Oh yeah, don't fly Delta. Fly someone else.
4	Two takes on this one - 1) As a traveler - easy to navigate, short wait times for check-in and security, clean bathrooms, plenty of space to sit, and decent amenities (newsstand/food/etc). 2) As a greeter - cushy chairs at the bottom of the escalator where passengers disembark that have served me well for delayed flights, fairly cheap & often free parking (if you're there a short enough amount of time), and a conveniently-located cell phone lot for when you're greeting your loved one at the curb.There's not a lot of flash to DCRA, but it's doubtful you'll be stuck there for any significant length of time and in need of something new to look at.
4	I've flown through MSN a few times, and each time I've had some of the better experiences one can expect as a traveler.The airport is immaculate, the staff are pretty friendly compared to most other airports (they will at least take the time to smile back), and the security isn't too rough or so I've experienced.This airport is mainly used as a puddle jumper source, which is probably why the staff are more friendlier and everything is nicer, but still--it's a great experience before you may have to go through a more rigid airport like O'Hare or Minneapolis.
4	An especially clean airport -simple check in, great service, security is even pleasant. Simplicity is key when it comes to a good airport and this is definitely one of the better ones I've been too.
5	great airport.  Easy parking, easy in and easy out.  Have special art displays that can be really fantastic.  Go here.
4	simple but easy local airport.  quick lines and quality service.  Food selection is a decent with a Quiznos and some sit down places.  Always a cab waiting for you.
5	While I had a far less than stellar time attempting to get home, it was not the fault of this airport itself, so I'm going to have to go 5 stars.It's super clean and easy to navigate. Getting through security took almost no time at all, they had tons of TSA employees on hand making sure everyone was ready to go through the checkpoint -- though they had the line moving so fast you could barely keep up with the people in front of you long enough to say you were even in a "line".   I will warn though, if they were to get bored and decide to be extra thorough it could take awhile, they don't see the same amount of traffic that larger airports do, and they have the manpower to search every single person that comes through if they wanted to (I actually thought they had a very excessive number of TSA agents present).There are only 13 gates, so finding your gate is easy and it doesn't take more than 3 minutes to walk from one end to the other if you were to be in a hurry.They have multiple seating areas with cushioned seats for those people with long waits who will be sitting awhile, plus a couple of areas where the business crowd can have a seat, use a desk and connect to wifi.They have a pretty slim number of food options, but they still seem to cover most of the bases.  Quizno's, Pizzeria Uno, 2 sit down places (only one serves breakfast if you are there early), a coffee shop and 2 convenience type stores are in the terminal, and downstairs they also have a convenience store and a coffeeshop/bar hybrid.  I'm sure I will be back here again at some point to visit the brother and his family, and I am glad it is a pleasant airport to go through.
5	I adore small airports and this one is no exception.The staff is nice and helpful. The lines are quick. The gates total 15, which makes for super easy navigation.
4	Its nice and clean, can't complain. Its a small airport though.Since it small, security is quick, unlike other airports like JFK or LAX (absolute nightmares....)My flight was delayed 2 hours, good thing there was free wifi and some small shops around selling food.
5	Being here, as many times as I have, it is never busy. The airport as a whole is very clean and tidy, clean bathrooms are a plus!! The security line never has a wait longer than 5 minutes and the TSA here are very friendly. Can't go wrong at this airport.
3	This is okay. I mean, you have to pay for Wifi?? They need to get up to speed with the rest of the airport and offer free Wifi. It's about time. Especially being a business oriented city.
3	Small airports are nice, if you're willing to pay the price you save for driving to a big city. This place is clean and from my experience with the TSA employees, the place is nice. My biggest complaint is their wifi - didn't I already pay you enough for the flight? The parking is $2 for more than a half hour - my experience with similar-sized airports is your first hour free, so that is a bit pricy.
3	A nice regional airport that offers a wide variety of connections to hubs like ORD and DFW on all the major airlines. A plethora of pluses here - car rental on site, friendly employees (yes, even the TSA) and shops that have regional gifts. You can get cheese curds to go! MSN would warrant another star if they offered free wi-fi. Get on that, seriously.
5	Very easy airport to get in and out of. Parking Lot is so simple and nearby. I've always been able to find parking. As others have mentioned it does stink that there is no free parking up to 20 mins (or 30...whatever). It would be convenient for those who are dropping off people and do not want to just drop them off curbside. Security was a breeze in part to the dozen or so TSA officers. Everyone was friendly and very efficient. I even mistakenly left my phone at a gate and was promptly given it back after been found. Bathroom were clean, well stocked, and updated. No complaints here!
3	I could easily call this airport my second home with 2 visits per week I have taken advantage of the small regional size in making any flight arriving with 35 minutes of flight departure with a carry on.  The TSA here are always joking and friendly which is a rarity among TSA agents.  The airport is clean efficient and comfortable with couches and recliners available for those looking for a little added comfort. Only complaints i would have are that bars / restaurants close early (around 7) so if you are on a later flight or delayed (courtesy of United) you will have little to do to entertain yourself
5	Honestly, who DOESN'T love a fireplace in their airport? Sure, it might be summer, but...I bet it's the bomb in winter! Oh, crap, I'm not supposed to say bomb about an airport. Or is that in an airport? Anywho...Look, Madison itself is one of the best little cities in the country, so it's no wonder they have one of the best little airports in the country. It's clean, the staff is pretty friendly (as is the case both in Madison and most smaller airports nationwide, in my experience). Arriving: Often times, you can land and the plane can just coast to the gate it's so close. This isn't always the case, but it's frequent. Second, the walk, due to the size, is always quick. I cannot comment on bags, as I have always done short trips and thus done carry-on, but I cannot imagine it takes very long. Rental cars are right there. All in all, it's very quick and easy. Departing: Because the planes that fly here are often 50-70 seats, it's usually pretty quick to check-in. If you get here early, there is a nice seating area (pre-security) with chairs and, yes, the fireplace. It's a great area to chill out, relax, read, whatever. In fact, I once had to wait for a while for a pick-up from a family member, and used that area to sit down and read and the time just flew by (yeah, I went there...I'm here all night, folks). Food choices are not bad for an airport of this size. TSA personnel are probably the friendliest I have every experienced, perhaps tied with Chattanooga for that title! Considering the size of Madison, you can actually get pretty darn far without having to connect...nonstops to Dallas, NY, DC and Denver are all available on various airlines. Bravo, MSN.
4	I just flew into Madison with my wife last week.  The airport is super clean and small enough where you can get off the plane and outside to ground transportation in less than 5 minutes.  Others have mentioned the fireplaces and thats cool too.  (of course it is summer now and they werent on) but I imagine in the winter it can't get much better.  Only down side for me is it was tough to get a direct flight in from Boston where I was coming from.
4	Love small airports like these.  Traveling is so fast and easy here.  Returned a car rental, checked in at the ticketing desk, went through airport security and arrived at the gate in under thirty minutes total.  That's the way I like to travel!
4	There's a German style cafeteria with beer in this airport. What else do you need?Ok, ok, you can also find really nice, smiley employees, a fireplace, abbreviated security lines, and a myriad of 'Sconnie goods. Those goods include delicious cheese curds and plenty of Packer and Badger wear. Win!The airport itself is super easy to navigate and very, very clean. If only I could get a direct flight from CLT into MSN...but a) that's a pipe dream and b) If there were so many more direct flights this small, unassuming and dare I say, charming, little airport wouldn't be so nice.
4	Clean, quiet, fireplace...loses point for no electric outlets
5	Small, quite, friendly, and great beer and trinkets.  Stop at the Great Dane!
5	Although it is a small regional airport this place is very nice. I like it better than KCI because it has more food and shopping options past the security checkpoint. And it is wasn't busy at all so I was able to get through security and to my gate with time to spare even though I showed up 30 minutes before my flight.
5	This is my home airport, I fly through at least 20 times per year, to a lot of other airports.  That said, MSN is one of my most favorite airports, if not, my most favorite.  It is comfortable, parking is easy, convenient, security is usually pretty good, and people are friendly.My only complaint is no free Wi-Fi!  Come on Madison.....get into the 21st century.  Lots of great local/regional airports have free wi-fi - Traverse City, Roanoke, Ottawa, Portland (Maine)....  get with it!
4	This is my favorite regional airport.The airport is very convenient- easy in-and-out, excellent parking, and traffic to/from the airport is never a problem. Rental cars are on-site and most are covered for winter blizzards.The decor of the airport is clean and comfortable as well. There are 2 restaurants after getting through security in addition to a small cafe, pizzeria and quiznos. The chairs outside the gates are very comfortable!!
5	I love this airport so easy and quick to get around and catch a flight. Never have had a problem here yet.
2	Airport itself is wonderful.  Very convenient, good parking, never experienced any delays with security.  Very easy to get in and out quickly.My complaint are the airfares, which are the 10th highest in the country.  The airport claims that's misleading.  I agree, because I think the fares are actually much worse than that.If you have to book a flight within 30 days of your departure date, good luck.  I'm trying to get to Indianapolis and will save $600 (NO JOKE) by driving to Milwaukee.  SERIOUSLY?!?!?  We desperately need some more/discount carriers at this airport.
4	First time I've flown through Dane and it was extremely painless each time.  On a trip whose stops included two airports in Germany, O'Hare, Mitchell and LaGuardia, this was such a welcome place.Small size = crazy fast processing.  Sadly, I arrived about an hour and a half before my flight out and I could've waited another hour and still had plenty of time.  It was well spent at the Wurst though, for a last treat of curds and Coronas.
4	Love, love, love MSN. It's such a nice airport - beautiful inside, very comfortable. Security is usually pretty speedy, which is always a plus. If only it were more cost-efficient to fly in and out of...
4	Best airport I've ever been to.  Nice and clean, and NEVER crowded.  It's not a hassle to get your bags, security is a breeze, it's just a delight!Watch out when you're trying to get to the ground transportation, it's a little tricky... other than that, 10 out of 10!
3	Small regional airport. It was quick to get in and out, but nothing special.The big downside was the limited flights and prices much much higher than Milwaukee which is only a short drive away.
5	This was an excellent airport experience.  The staff was friendly, there are a lot of choices (for its size) for eats while you wait, and security was fast and easy.  I thought the chairs at the gate were cozy and they'd even installed outlets with extra plugs so that everyone can recharge their devices before take-off.
3	This is your average small airport, its modernized so traffic flow is slick and services are smooth. Not a connections place but a fine starting or final destination
4	The Madison airport is one of the cleanest, warmest, and most welcoming airports I've been through. Maybe it's because coming here means I'm coming back to my roots, but I always feel comfortable and happy when here. It's easy to get to and in/out of, has a lot of room, and is just plain pleasant to be in (something that's rare these days). Since fares to/from the really small airports in WI have gone up substantially over the years, I've been trying to fly into here as much as I can (and avoiding MKE). It could use some better food options and more variety, but then again it's pretty good for an airport this size. Unless you have to fly into Milwaukee, I highly recommend coming through Madison instead.
3	Big, bright, friendly. short security lines (super short), but no free wifi here.
5	This place was clean and well decorated.  I loved the couches in the waiting area. Every employee I encountered was helpful and in a great mood-even TSA!!My connecting flight was in O'Hare in Chicago, I think I had such a negative experience at O'Hare that it made me love Dane County Regional Airport that much more!
4	A fabulously fab small airport. The TSA here are insane and overbearing (more so than at OHare or JFK or Heathrow), but it's always calm coming and going.
4	Painful as a Marquette grad to rep anything Madison...  But as far as regional airports go this one is top notch!  New and vibrant.  Plenty of charging locations, restaurant, and shopping locations beyond security blow other regional airports out do the water!  One small knock cause most regionals offer free wifi!Ugh, imma fan!  But not of the Badgers ;).
4	Nice little regional airport. One of the things that is sweet about this place is that the rental car desks are right next to the baggage claims!
4	Standard nice airport.  The drive up is a long way.  I guess they have room to expand.
5	I have never waited more than 5 minutes to go through security here, and the TSA agents are always so nice. Everything in the airport looks new and the bathrooms are always clean. There's a couple of shops and maybe one restaurant for you to kill time at.
3	It's a small, clean airport. You can get through pretty quickly.I was a little miffed on my recent trip through this airport. Our airplane's engines wouldn't start. Not the airport's fault. But as an airport that operates with many flights daily...everyday...even on a Sunday, perhaps there should be some sort of maintenance crew on-site at all times? We were informed after de-planing, after discovering that the engines weren't working, that it would be at least an hour and a half before any maintenance person even *got to* the airport to start diagnostics. I just don't understand that.That said, the staff handled the understandably frustrated planeful of people very well.Also, for the next 6 hours that I was stuck in this airport...I somehow happened up a gate area where the floor was really warm (not sure if that is actually good or not....) so I stayed toasty while I was cat-napping.
4	Dane County is a small airport, but has everything I look for in even the biggest of ones: Over-priced last minute -and you have no other alternative- convenience stores? - check.Place to get sandwiches/other food suitable to cary on to the plane? - check.Since you've left all your liquids behind, and you didn't anticipatethe longest part of making it through security was going to be taking off your belt; a place to get a beer or three before boarding? check?This is Dane County Regional Airport. Just like Madison. Its spaceous, not very busy, lots of great (fattening) food and amazing beer. Just don't try to find a salad. I've never had a good one here. Get the fried cheese curds instead.-1 star for not having free wifi.
5	Best small airport I've ever been to. Everyone -- including TSA! -- is super friendly and let's you know they're there to help you out. I prefer to fly out of Madison over Milwaukee any day of the week.
4	This is my favorite airport. The staff is always casual and friendly, and the lines always move quickly. Even though it might be more cost effective to drive to Chicago or Milwaukee, the convenience and ease of travel is worth it to pay a bit more.
2	I'm flying United Express and my flights delayed.   Nothing new.  99% of the time during my three trips to Wisconsin ONLY one time my flight was on time.
5	I have never eaten at a Quizno's before, so I cannot compare to that, but I give this restaurant a 5 out of 5 for a fast food style place because:Staff was freindly and wanted to make sure I had an ideal experience.The facility was clean.The food was quite Yummy in the Tummy, and priced appropriatley.  The service was fast.
4	This is a great regional hub for Northern Midwest connections, or if you're coming directly into Madison and don't want to drive from Milwaukee or Chicago.  Usually around an hour from all the major International hubs in the area (MSP, MKE, DTW, ORD), but no direct flights to IND.  Damn.The staff are very friendly and the layout is very simple (you can run to any terminal in less than 5 min from security).  I will say though, security can get crowded sometimes, it's a single-line checkpoint with two carry-on/body scanners.The gate seats are pretty comfy, plenty of outlets all around, decent wifi, and, for the size of the airport, some great eatery options (Great Dane Pub, oh yeah!).  There are also some awesome leather lounge chairs around the terminal, snag one if they're available.I flew in here on business recently and my departure flight ended up getting so delayed (because of snow, imagine that), that I decided to reschedule my flight for the next day.  There were plenty of hotels with in a 10 min drive of the airport and many of them have complimentary shuttles that will pick you up.  I found this route to be much easier than hailing/calling for a cab.I look forward to the next time I fly into Madison, at least during the summer months.  Go Badgers!
4	Nice airport that has just enough amenities and cheesehead souvenirs that it makes one happy to be in the north Midwest. The staff are friendly and quick. The layout is easy and it was never crowded the 6 times I've passed through it. The restaurant selection is decent considering the size of the airport.
4	Regional Airport Awesomeness.
5	Awesome experience at this regional airport! Quick check in and friendly AND fast TSA. Loved the attitude of all the personnel. Overall extremely impressed with Dane County Regional!
4	Great airport in an equally great little city. Took exactly 10 minutes to get my bag. I'm now a big fan of small airports. Quick service, little to no lines and a lot more relaxing than the bigger ones. I love Madison and love its airport.
4	This is a really nice small airport. No issues leaving nor arriving and the place is just beautiful. Super clean and it even has an art exhibit in the front.Staff was super nice even when I messed up the security scan by forgetting both my phone in my pocket and my dog tags. They have a full body scanner btw. And also all the cheese I was bringing back they had to check but it was all good. They told me the only cheese I couldn't bring back is cheese spread.
3	This is a small airport that gets straight to the point without a lot of extra amenities. I haven't had problems with flights here after multiple trips back and forth to MSP. This is the only airport I'm aware of that gets you very close to Madison/UW via the major US airlines. One thing to note is that the planes tend to be very small and/or awkwardly shaped for cargo. Sometimes they actually have more space under the seat than above. So, if you have a small roller bag, it may be better to check it or put it under your seat than the usual bin location. A cab from the airport to Madison costs roughly $20.
4	Great little airport with plenty of shop, restaurant, and snack options. Security line goes fast and everything looks clean and new.
4	I fly out and into this airport quite frequently. I like it a lot better than flying into Milwaukee. There aren't many things that are nicer after a hectic day of travel than getting off the plane and stepping into a nice and calm airport. I have definitely been to more of the bigger, internal airports than the smaller ones, like Dane County Regional, but this one seems to have similar pros and cons of other smaller airports. Let me break it down.PROS:- Everyone here has been very nice. If you come across someone who isn't very nice all they will probably be doing is not talking to you and directing you through the security line. It's a nice change of pace from the usual threatening glances and bad attitudes at most security lines.- Easy to navigate. I've been lost in some airports, and it's not fun. There's clear signage at this airport, and only one way to exit. My first time here I did completely miss the elevator, though.- Picking someone up is nice and easy. I was worried that everyone from the flight would be coming through the doors at once but everything seems to go smoothly.- Lots of outlets to charge your electronics! Comes in so handy when you're dealing with a long delay.CONS:- Limited food options. Not so handy when you have a long delay. Also, the little shops that they do have seem to close early. In a place where you're limited on what kind of food and drink you can bring in you'd think they'd have a vending machine. (PS, if they have a vending machine, someone please tell me where it's located because I had 4 hours to find one and came up empty handed.)- Not as many non-stops. I know this can't be a huge complaint because it IS only a regional airport, and I think they're going to be adding more non-stops but for now it stays.Overall, it's an easy to access airport with less headache than some of the larger ones give you. It's a nice option to take if you want to avoid a layover in Milwaukee or Chicago (which is notorious for delays and cancellations). Comparing a smaller airport to a bigger one is like comparing a smaller city to a bigger one. Less options, but more laid back and friendly.
5	Never crowded, staff is always friendly and patient. Easy to navigate in and out of. Pretty much my fav airport saves all the headaches from other big international ones.
3	not as good as the one in Madison, they did not offer the mac and cheese. However I did get to get my pretzels hot and fresh with 3 dipping sauces. YUM
4	It's a nice little airport.  The TSA staff was very friendly and kind.  They have a couple of restuarants with local beer once you are through serecuity.
4	Facilities were clean and easy to navigate.  I wouldn't mind traveling through here again.
4	It may be a teeny tiny airport, but I was surprised at what they have. Mainly the food options. They have a couple of choices in food! So it's not just a Quizno's sub for the road, there's a coffee and sandwich shop where you can grab something a bit healthier. Or just a small snack for the "road". I appreciate that, knowing that my tiny hometown airport has one weird sit down restaurant in it and a small convenience store. But I guess I'm just thinking about food. How was security? Literally a breeze, like I breezed on through! Only downside is no free internet. Boo! I feel like this should be a mandate in all airports! But hopefully you won't be waiting there too long. It's safe to leave only an hour before your flight to get here. Then you can breeze on out!
5	Dane County Regional Airport (DCRA) is my favorite regional airport I have visited.  There are so many reasons to appreciate it (bare with me, this will be a bitter of a dry review -- it's a freakin' airport for goodness sake!).1 - I have never experienced a delay because of the airport (they can't control the weather).   Over the years, I have flown a dozen or so flights from DCRA -- unlike many larger airports that  have delays left and right... even if the weather is perfect.  2 - DCRA's dining options are excellent.  They do not just have fast food type options -- they include preeminent local flavors like Usinger's, Great Dane and Ancora Coffee. Most larger airports don't support establishments that approach these selections.3 - The staff from ticketing, security to other personal have all been courteous, efficient and  professional.  I've had horrible customer service experiences at other airports, but I can certainly depend (and have depended) on DCRA personnel coming through when needed.4 - The airport's facilities are sound.  It is attractive, very clean, comfortable and has plenty of locations to charge electronics.5 - The layout is perfect.  Terminals are easy to find.  Transportation options are exactly where they should be without navigation nightmares encountered when flying to/from other locations.You will appreciate all of the above when compared to the airport you are flying to or from -- especially if those destinations are; O'Hare, LAX or LaGuardia.
4	I really like this airport because it has a homey feel. Maybe it's a midwest thing to want to curl up by a "fire" wether or not you are at home or can actually make a fire. The place is kind of homey and there are big lounge chair sections considering there are a very few gates. There's also a big waiting area downstairs by baggage claim before you go through the gates. And how cute is a place with a legit visitor rep super pumped to tell you about downtown, and where to drive, and how pretty the state museum is. Easy, breezy lines too.
4	I've really come to love, yes love, the good old MSN.1- they actually open more lines in security when there are tons of people waiting2- you can usually arrive 1 hour before your flight and be fine (except on Mondays from noon to 5)3- Quiznos, The Great Dane (local food and beer) and Metcalfes (organic grocery) food options aren't bad for a small airport4- they finally have pre-check (with limited hours) and expedited screening (all the time) - no more public Molestation for me!!! Yay!!!5- parking isn't as bad as it could be and they're starting a $30 million parking garage (ramp if you're from WI) expansion project6- people are generally nice, being the good 'ol mid-westerners they are
5	As if MSN wasn't easy enough to deal with they now have TSA PreCheck.  Nice amenities include the Great Dane Brewpub, Ancora Coffee, the greeters lounge.  Delta is the most reliable in my opinion as they run mainline jets most of the time.   Some great nonstop destinations are making the airport more attractive and competitive.  A nice alternative to big city airports with a few big city touches.
3	I'm a pretty big fan of the fact that there's nobody here. Points for the.But the food options are rough.What gives? I'd like to submit that the airport becomes home to satellite versions of places like Heritage Tavern and Pig In A Fur Coat.
5	Super easy to catch a flight.Nearly no wait to get through security.Everything is very clean, neat and orderly and the people are very nice.I find it so much easier I fly out of MSN than anywhere else.
4	If all airports were as relaxed and nice as Dane County Regional Airport then traveling would be much more enjoyable.  My husband and I went to London over the holidays and our connecting flight to Chicago was through Dane-I had complaints about the airline but that is another review.  Dane is such a clean, small and well-organized location to fly from...I love it:)
5	I'm on the road a lot and finally stopped driving to ORD and MKE in favor of using MSN exclusively. I can hop on a Delta flight to DTW, MSP, ATL or SLC and connect to virtually anywhere in the world.I have timed the security line from time of arrival in line to completion and it's often 2:30 to 4 minutes. Now with TSA precheck, I've been the only person in that line and got completely through security in less than 1 minute. I also live 5 mins from the airport, so with an electronic boarding pass and not checking a bag, I can leave my house and be sitting on a plane in 15 minutes (although I don't recommend cutting it that close)!The TSA staff are friendly here, not yelling like they do in many airports.I love the Ancora coffee place and the new Metcalf's mini market, with healthy items as well as Gail Ambrosious chocolates (which make a great gift to a colleague or friend you are visiting). Sometimes my husband and I arrive early enough to enjoy a meal at the Great Dane, a fun way to start a vacation!I usually cab it or have my husband drop me off, but when I have to park, the garage is very close, convenient and inexpensive.
5	Great airport.   The TSA is effecient and moves you along plus, they are friendly!   There airport is roomy so plenty of places to sit and read.   It is also a fairly clean airport with an OK food selection!   But if you can eat at local place, do that before heading past security!
3	This is probably the smallest airport i've ever been to. The rental car area is not well marked, so beware on your first time to return.  It is all the way to the left just before departures.  No worries though,  you just have to loop back around if you miss it the first time, there was barely a soul to be found when I arrived.
4	This place was pretty quick in-and-out.Easy to naviage the terminal, TSA was quicka nd friendly, and the gate agents all seemed to be in a good mood.The only downfall is getting to the rental cars in bad weather, because they aren't covered.4 STARS
4	Small and quiet.  Almost eerily so.You can get through security in 30 minutes.Time it takes them to get your checked baggage off the plane and to the carousel seems instantaneous
4	Dane County was a fun and warm airport. Although it's small, there was plenty of food and drink options. For the business travelers, I did not notice any wifi stations or recharging stations.
5	Um  - nicest airport I've been to! It's small, clean, and FRIENDLY! I swear, I have never had a more pleasant experience going through security. Kind of makes me wish I had to go to Madison more often so I wouldn't have to deal with other airports...
5	First nursing mom space I've seen in airport and I travel a lot. What a sigh of relief to not have to stand in a dirty bathroom stall to pump. Also, FIRST airport that didn't make me open each and every bag of milk to ensure I wasn't going to endanger lives with breast milk #workingmomshavemilktoothanksMadison
4	A very low stress airport.It's never very crowded, and you can always clear security pretty quickly. From here, you can easily get to any of the major hubs and be to wherever you need to be.Even security here seems relatively laid back. At least at the checkpoints, it never feels like I'm dealing with the same poorly trained goons as at Milwaukee or Chicago.Parking is easy (well, when there's not construction) and very cheap compared to most airports.My only real complaint about MSN is that it's not an international airport. It would be nice to have direct routes to Toronto, at least. I suppose it's stayed regional because of the bureaucratic problems that going international would entail. It would also be nice to have more incoming flights from the major hubs each day, but given Madison's size that's certainly a pipe dream.
3	Tiny airport that is all about security. They will pat you down, take out your liquids, and pull your hair because they are so bored. One good thing is you can buy cheese and cheese curds at the airport!
4	There's free wifi, but not enough charging stations at the gate. The security line is a breeze. I think there's only 13 gates here, and only about 5 active gates operating on average. The bathroom stalls are AMAzing cause they are massive. Enough room to wheel in your luggage with enough room to move around still.
5	This is the best little airport in the country, and the workplace of the friendliest TSA employees nationwide. The facility, inspired by Frank Lloyd Wright, is lovely, and the amenities are way beyond what most airports this size offer. Arrive a little early for your flight (which isn't hard to do, because security screening is very efficient), and enjoy a pint of locally brewed Great Dane beer. Unless it's before 6am, then it's Ancora coffee for you, which is almost as good. Ok, not quite...  And don't worry if I see you downing a pint of Black Earth Porter at 6:05 in the morning, I won't judge.
5	Simple. Easy. Comfy. I've flown in and out of the Madison airport many times. Most times it takes less than 15 minutes to get through security, but it has been known to take close to an hour due to them having only one line check point with two luggage lines. Terminal consists of 12 gates, I believe, all within a quick 5 minute "mom's walk" from security. Only problem is Wisconsin's winter weather, which has caused me to take a coach bus from Chicago to Madison during a blizzard when the airport shutdown.  All-in-all, very quaint and even has that small town feel still. Great local hub to get to many of the major hubs in the Midwest area. By-far my favorite small-town airport .
4	So clean, lots of amenities, including family rooms for breastfeeding. Everyone is very friendly. Small airport so there are limited food and beverage options, otherwise I would give this 5 stars.
4	Very friendly staff through out the airport. Clean environment, lots of stores and food options if you aren't taking a too early flight. Got here around 5ish and the only options that were open was a couple stores and coffee shops but oh well the flight to MSP isn't too long. Bathrooms were clean. They have power outlets connected to the chairs in case you need to charge your electronic devices. Flight coming and going were on time if not a couple minutes early. Everyone I've talked to seems very friendly and down to earth. Really enjoyed people watching. Only downside which really wasn't the fault of this airport. A couple had an annoying little dog that  whined and cried for the whole time I was waiting for my flight to board. I sure hope they aren't on my flight but it appears that they just might be. The dog is very annoying and I'm a dog lover! I have a black lab myself but being a responsible dog owner I know he wouldn't make a very good flying companion hence why he is at home. People leave your pets at home or kennel them some where. Seriously it's very rude that they obviously have no care for the people around them. Other than the annoying dog situation it's been a  very pleasant trip just can't wait to get home to my fam.
4	This airport is great!  Yes, it's small and can be a little bit pricier to fly out of but you can't beat the fact that there are never any lines.  I am notorious for cutting it close at airports and this airport allows me to get in through security sometimes in less than 10 minutes.  There aren't a lot of food options but what they have isn't bad.  If I want to be picky I guess I have noticed that the TSA staff here aren't really that friendly but it's an airport so I guess what can one really expect.  All in all though, I try to fly out of here as often as I can because come on, ten minutes through security?  You really can't beat that!
5	Madison has to be my favorite airports not only because it's in my home state but this airport has their act together. The airport was recently renovated a handful of years ago and they have kept it sparkling clean. I'm always impressed with the cleanliness, the comfy furniture that is sleek and not gaudy like some airports and the superior staff. You can always arrive 30-45 minutes before your flight and fly past security. Security is thorough and quick with a smile on their face. As for the shops and restaurants, there are only a handful but the one shop has all the Wisconsin gear you need plus more. I've only eaten at the Great Dane restaurant (I think that's the name) and had a quick meal. My only wish for this airport would be more reasonably priced tickets from Hartford but I know that's not something the actual airport can control. A girl can dream....
3	Geez.  I'm having a hard time choosing between 2 and 3 stars.  It's small and the security is INTENSE.  Seriously.  Calm down, power trippers.  But, the cheese souvenirs are adorable.
4	A decent size, efficient airport! Located only 3 miles away from downtown, it is totally manageable to bike/bus from the airport to Madison. A cab ride typically costs about $12-20, green cab is usually the cheapest with shared rides. There are usually no waits for TSA, takes about 10 minutes to go through; so you can totally arrive less than an hour prior to your flight's takeoff. A secret I recently discovered - there are actually two TSA points, the one in the central area, and another one in the far end, near the AA checkpoints or gates 10-12. I really like the recent addition of Metcalfe's stop shop (not sure of the exact name) - it is like a tiny whole foods in the airport! I found cake pops by cupcakes-a-go-go (!!!) and gail ambrosius chocolates (handmade truffles by our local talent). So delighted!The only bummer is if your flight is cancelled due to mechanical error or some unfortunate incident. Madison airport is really small, so you might have to go to Milwaukee or most likely Chicago for an alternative flight during holiday travel periods.One last grumble, I was rather upset that my boyfriend was made to exit the transit area and go through the TSA check again because we forgot to pour our the water in our Klean Kanteen bottle.... We couldn't just drink or pour out the water at the TSA; he had to walk out of the transit area, pour the water out and then join the 20 minute queue again. OMG I have never experienced that before. They usually just make you drink up the water, or pour it out? What is the difference?? Wastes everyone's time - our time, and the TSA officers' time, and other flight passenger's time!?Overall, I would rather fly international from Madison (MSN) than at ORD, the international custom check leaving US is much friendlier and more efficient at MSN.
