2	What I really like about this restaurant is the fact that it is a bring your own wine. And the positives end there, the food is overpriced for what they are serving you. There's really nothing special here, just your run of the mill Italian fare. I had the veal and I was not impressed, very tough and chewy not tender in the slightest. I would recommend going to Scarolies instead its cheaper for the same quality of food.
4	An excellent experience for my first visit. I enjoyed a wonderful dish the was presented well and tasted very good. It is a BYO establishment so plan accordingly. I would definitely dine here again.
4	Great food. Maybe the best in the west.  But really expensive.
2	A visit to Portovino will remind you how easy it is to claim that you're something special, and how different it is to prove it.If you've read my other reviews, you'll know I love my sushi grade tuna steaks. I enjoy going to a restaurant and trying their version, especially when the server tells me how good it is. Portovino's tuna steak, at $36, was actually 4 1.5"x1.5"x1" (approx.) cubes. Is that enough for a meal? Is that worth anywhere close to $36? Nah. Not even close. The pieces were nice, but the multi-coloured sesame seeds added nothing. In fact, they took away from the dish. I cut off the edges to eat them first (otherwise I would have starved) to leave just the tuna to finish my "meal" - if you can call it that. The tuna was tasteless, which was an absolute shame. Surprisingly (and thankfully) the wasabi sauce that decorated the plate helped and was not as overpowering as I feared. The side mashed potatoes and vegetables (peppers and zucchini) were actually better prepared than the $36 fish. (shaking my head). Quite disappointing, especially considering that of the 5 of us at the table who ordered the tuna, no one was impressed - but that might be because I got the best looking tuna of all of them. One person got 5 pieces instead of my 4, but the 5th was a tiny, scrap end piece that should have been eaten by the chef instead of served.The service was pleasant, thank you. The minestrone soup was very tasty, and some in our party did enjoy their meals, despite various degrees of temperature accuracy. Unfortunately, one person ordered a $42 filet, medium rare. It was served well done (!!) with the rest of the dishes, and when she sent it back, it took 25 minutes (!!!!!) to come back rare, at best, but mostly raw. Unedible. We joked at how pissed off Gordon Ramsay would have been, but the real joke is Portovino, but without the laughter. Pretentious and uninspired. I don't like these qualities in people, and I hate them in establishments that charge a fee for the "privilege" of eating there. This visit was not my idea and I was not the host, and I guarantee I'll be choosing a different place when I do make the choice.If I didn't reserve my 1-star ratings for those establishments that were shockingly bad, Portovino might qualify. However, kind Mark awards them 2 stars (but they are really small stars, and very expensive.)
3	My cousin had arranged a surprise 60th birthday for my aunt here, mostly because of the "BYOW" aspect. It's a decent size, but isn't the best location for a surprise because of the openness of it. Nonetheless, we were able to "hide" well enough for the birthday girl to only notice us as she got really close. The wait staff were nice, helpful and very attentive. If ever we asked for something, they were right back with whatever it was we had asked for. As with all BYOW I've been to, the menu is overpriced to counter the lack of alcohol profits, which is unfortunate for someone who is unable to drink at the moment (damn you antibiotics!!). I ordered from the Table d'Hote, starting with a House Salad (mixed greens with a balsamic dressing) and the Gnocchi. The House Salad was deeeelish. I know, it's just a house salad, but it was really good! Unfortunately, the Gnocchi didn't garner the same reaction. It was good, but felt pretty heavy with all the oil, so I took half home to eat the next day for lunch (when I had the leftovers the following day, forget it; the globs of oil made it almost impossible to eat!). The best part was probably the dessert; I had planned on ordering a cannolli because they are soooo good, but we were told that a birthday cake had been purchased and would be distributed to all guests. I must say I was a bit disappointed, until I found out it was red velvet, with buttercream layers. NUFF SAID!! I am a huge red velvet lover, and that cake was so decadent, I almost licked my plate clean. But I didn't, because I didn't want to be THAT girl. I've never had a bad experience at any Portovino locations, although I see others have. It's a decent place; nothing to write home about, but if you're in a pinch and you want a BYOW, it's a safe bet.
5	33 dollar breakfast buffet is awesome. New breakfast spot.
4	I went there for my wife bday dinner, with a group of 12. I was a bit worried after reading the negative reviews. I am happy to say that I had a great experience..Its supposed to be classy italian place and may get busy at nite with the byob..All depends on your luck. I was there on a saturday nite and the place was packed with decent crowd. Keep in mind its an Italian place so be smart and order something italian.Menu wise they have a great choice of  pasta and steak options...I took the Italian sausage pasta and it turns out to be one of the best.  The week before i was a t L'Academie  with the same group. so it was easy to compare. And group found their food is better than L'Academie.  We had one main waiter and 2 others helping him and they were always around for help. Food showed up in 20-30 mins and I will definitely recommend to everyone...I choose this place because i have been to other Italian places in west with the same group So decided to give a try. Will definitely go back and recommend to others based on my experience.PT
3	I have been trying to avoid this place for years. Let me sum it up in a nut shell. Over priced, mediocre food, nice deserts. I ordered a lasagna, it was "Meh" okay at $18.00 bucks. The Cesar salad was pretty good.  This is a nice place to go eat something called Italian food. There is a very nice place in Marche de l'Ouest that serves tastier Italian food on styrofoam plates. Good wait staff, loud club music, average tasting food, WAYYY over priced. If we do not go back again it will be fine with me.
