5	I recently discovered The Notorious P.I.G.  I've been there twice so far.  I tried The Notorious P.I.G. Pulled Pork Sandwich and it was fantastic.  I really enjoyed the creamy blue cheese coleslaw it was topped with.  Also I've tried the meaty loin back ribs.  They were fall off the bone, juicy, tender, with a smoky flavor.  I look forward to trying the beef brisket next.  The food here is fantastic and reasonably priced.There are 3 locations for The Notorious P.I.G.  I've only been to the one at 816 S Stapely. The restaurant itself is clean and well lit.  All of the staff is very friendly and helpful.  On both of my visits I was very happy with my server Rachael.  She was pleasant, attentive, and patient with me as I looked over the mouth watering menu.Overall I give The Notorious P.I.G. 5/5 stars.  Its a great place for dining in or taking out BBQ for lunch or dinner.  I will be returning with my friends and family soon.
1	*sigh*Initally, I gave this place a 4 star review this morning, but I decided that I needed to be honest, and share an experience here that I had that initally I had wanted to leave out, but now i feel that I can't.  I wanted to ignore what *really* happened, as it's been bothering me more and more and more as the day has gone on.When I came here, the place was empty.  It was just 2 workers, and not a soul in sight.  Despite the food being good, the service here left me feeling angry and upset.  Here's why:The guy that seated me, (and obiously worked here as some form of staff member) made it his point to flirt with me non stop, so much so that it actually RUINED my experience here, and I don't know that I will be back.  He was so aggressive in his tactics, that he actually had the balls to pull up a chair TO MY table while I was trying to eat and enjoy my dinner.  Mind you, I was alone, and trying to enjoy a good book and some quiet time...and this douche ruined it.He sat with me through the majority of my dinner, asking me personal questions about if I was single, what kind of guys Iike, and other personal questions that I found grossly innapropriate.  I was so annoyed, that I actually had my dinner boxed up and left half way through, lying and saying that I had somewhere to be....just to get out of here.I found it rude, annoying, and downright disrespectful that a staff member at this establishment made it his personal playground, and taking it upon himself to not only hit on me, but spend most of the time sitting AT MY TABLE talking to me discussing things that I found grossly inapporpriate.Due to this experience, I will NOT be back to this location.  EVER.
3	Visited today (26 June 2010) but currently closed for renovation. Looks like they will reopen at some point.
1	Update.  According to Groupon, the Mesa location's A/C was broken for several weeks, and they should reopen soon.  Still waiting to try it for the first time.
1	Should be called Notorious P.U.K.E. I had some relatives in town and we decided to have dinner in Desert Ridge. We had planned to eat at Yard House and I'm not sure what possessed us to go here. We ordered the big family feast meal and everything on the platter was just terrible. Not only did the meats have no distinct barbecue flavor, everything on the plate was either cold or room temperature at best. The Texas Toast was cold. Sweet potato fries were cold. The service was so bad that I didn't even get a chance to complain to the waitress. At one point, I went to the bar and grabbed a pitcher of iced tea for refills. There was practically nobody there (which should have been our first clue), yet the service was like nonexistent. We had five adults and two children and of course, they stuck us with an 18% gratuity (party of 6 or more). There are many great restaurants to chose from at Desert Ridge. Do yourself a big favor and steer clear of this joint.
