1	1 star is too many for this practice.  There is a serious lack of communication and way too much disorganization for my comfort. For every appointment I went to, I spent at least 30 minutes waiting to be called, and even more time waiting in the room. I had to call and ask about results for my pap smear and lab work. The lab tech was never available and I once waited 45 mins. for lab work only to be told she had gone home. The midwife said she would order tests but forgot to do so.  I called with an emergency and was told to come in the FOLLOWING WEEK! That was the final straw. I felt that this office was so disorganized that my health was in jeopardy. I switched to another OBGYN and feel 300% better about the quality of care I am receiving.
5	Love this on/gyn! Staff is absolutely amazing, and you never wait in the waiting room for more than 10 minutes. There is only one doctor in this practice. Dr. Kramer is absolutely amazing! I use to go to goodman & partridge and was treated like just a number. I would recommend this practice to anyone and everyone!
1	I cannot begin to describe the level of incompetence at this office.I have gone here, consistently, for 16 years - and would not return if they were the last office on earth.Sparing you the GORY details...Three appointments were scheduled at THEIR immediate request, only to be canceled NO MORE than 40 minutes prior to the appointment(s).Their latest?  Come in today at 4:45.  Tomorrow is better for me.  No, today at 4:45.  4:20 pm my phone rings, "Uh, so, yeah, there is no ultrasound tech here or doctor so... you might not want to come."  What should I do instead?  Go to the ER?  That was their suggestion.  Go to the ER.  Why could I not have waited for the morning appointment that I ASKED FOR?!They do not have ANYONE who can draw blood on site.  They hire a temp phlebotomist who would better be described as a vampire or they outsource your service.  Today their NP tried to draw blood on me.  She didn't know how to fill out the form, ASKED ME WHICH VIAL TO USE, and then said she couldn't get a vein in my arm that no one has EVER said that about before... ever.  Let's not talk about my ultrasounds... I will just let you know that you probably don't want them anywhere near your nether regions with any sort of wand.... Last but not least, "Here is the script I wrote you for _______.  I hope you're not allergic."Uh, that was probably in my chart, lady.Run.  Run for your lives and the lives of your unborn.P.S.  If you want details, feel free to email me via Yelp.
