4	I went to what they were calling their soft opening. While still working out some of the kinks, my martini was perfect, the misses loved her chi-chi, and the rolls we ordered surprised us. I'm giving four stars because I have high hopes for this place and really want to see it do well.
5	Took the girlfriend here for a date. Very impressed. The restaurant is very clean, the service was excellent and the food was fantastic. If you're looking for a place to eat in the Southside Works this should be on your short list.
5	Today is Mother's Day sushi outing to try Sake--a newly opened sushi restaurant. The hubs and I were greeted by a very polite and well dressed man who seated us near the window at a tableclothed two top adorned with a pair of wine glasses and neatly folded cloth napkins. A view of the dining room showed a uniformed display of white with a subtle touch of olive green in front of a backdrop of textured walls reaching the high ceiling. Very clean and symmetrical. Will have to bring hubs to dinner to experience the nighttime ambiance.  Our waiter greeted us promptly and took our order which was probably enough to feed a third person but upon arrival, the table next to us was being served sushi for 2 on an enormous platter--how can we resist? Yes, please! And while we're waiting, we'll have an order of shrimp tempura! And sake for the mom since that was the reason we came here. A small, no frills iceberg lettuce salad topped with ginger dressing and a delicious white miso soup arrived at our table which balanced our tempura appetizer.  Our sushi for 2 arrived quickly followed by a pair of 'ooohhhs & aaaahhhs' as we gazed at the platter with an appreciation that SAKE has a few well trained sushi chefs! Score one for the Southside works! Sushi rice was seasoned perfectly--not too cold and whole rice grains stuck together nicely without being glutinous.  Fish slices cut diagonally in the correct thickness and length. Taco (Octopus) was tender enough to bite thru. A delightful feast to the eyes. A truly delicious fare for our full tummies as we finished the last few bites. *sigh* would have loved to partake in Sake's desserts but sadly, our eyes were larger than our stomachs. Will have to keep this in mind for our next visit! Grades: Decor:  10Service: 10Cleanliness:  10Sushi:  10Shrimp tempura:  10Location:  10Will we come here again? "Hai!" Of course! With10 out of 10--you should too!
5	Love the food, that atmosphere and the happy hour specials.  The sushi is fresh and the presentation is beautiful, like a work of art.  Something that you definitely do not get at Nakama.  Service is amazing and they have great Happy Hour specials.
5	Cooper is going to be my new favorite bartender in town. The sushi is really good, I would say better than other places in town.There is one downfall: the manager of the restaurant spends most of his time walking around micromanaging and berating his workers, which is not cool! If you go, you won't be disappointed, but be sure to tell the little twerp manager to stop giving his staff such a hard time. That would be the only reason why I never go back.
5	I agree with the fellow posters. Food is great. Service is excellent. Drinks are superb. My only complaint about this place is the management. I have been here two times in two weeks and I have noticed a manager change. The old one was older and well dressed, he was rude an didn't pay attention to his managerial duties. I guess that's why he has been replaced. But the new manager is far from better. We came in to the restaurant and was not greeted for about two minutes. When we were approached I thought this person was ready to go to the beach, not a manager of a restaurant. After we were seated, everything else was great. We were very soon greeted by our waiter who brought out our drinks extremely fast. Our orders were taken and our food was delicious. Will definitely come back again. The staff is nice, fast, and friendly. Only downfall is the management.
1	Do not get Lunch box. The katsu was dry. Fruits was canned pineapple which no one touched in my group.  Its not worth for $9.
1	Very Poor management, which was arrogant, rude and no business skills. He spent the whole time walking around staring at people. This may be the reason that less then 10 people where there on a Friday night. The sushi was over price and not on the same level as the other two sushi places on the South Side. Heck you could get comparable sushi at the Giant Eagle down the street. The bartenders were great but very hampered by the overprice and the poor management.Do yourself a favor and try somewhere else.
5	Ate at Sake on Thursday night and loved it.  The sushi was the freshest I have had in Pittsburgh and sushi chef Lee asked all the right questions and created rolls just for us that were delicious...!
1	I struggle with my decision to give a 1, because Sake does have good food. Probably the best among Pittsburgh's medium-priced sushi/roll places. However, the service we experienced on our visit was so poor that for that and that alone I'm giving one star. Unfortunately I forgot the name of our waiter or I would simply list it as a word of caution - we had been to Sake once before and got great service. But this experience left a really bad impression and we don't plan on coming back and not just because of the waiter. Here is why.Three of us (girlfriend, myself and my cousin) went to Sake for dinner. The order was simple: sukiyaki udon for the cousin, Thander (sp) roll, no honey wasabi sauce and miso soup for the girlfriend, kami salad and signature roll for me. Simple? Hardly:- The waiter brought us a ginger side salad we never asked for, but that presumably came with the udon. By itself. No salad for me, no miso soup for the GF. When we asked, he looked confused like he had forgotten to write it down. Finally, he brought the miso soup. For a few minutes we just sat there, expecting my salad to arrive. After catching his eye, I asked about it and, whoops, looks like he forgot that, too. On the third try the salad was produced as well. Never mind it was full of lettuce which no kami salad I've ever had before has ever had - it's pretty simple, spicy krabmeat and cucumber, nothing else. Oh well. It actually tasted pretty good, for what it's worth.- Our rolls came out. My GF doesn't eat spicy foods, hence the "no honey wasabi" request. However, when the rolls arrived, I could tell there was a strange yellow sauce on top of them. Turns out the chef, when told that we didn't want the sauce, took it upon himself to alter the recipe to add a spicy mayo sauce. Mind you, spicy mayo was not listed among the ingredients. Nobody asked us if we wanted that substitution. The chef just made a decision all his own that the rolls "wouldn't taste right". I'm just glad he didn't decide to include something that she'd have been allergic to. When I asked to send the dishes back and tried to point out that it wasn't the chef's place to make alterations to the ingredients that were clearly listed on the menu, the waiter interrupted me rather rudely.- Dinner over, time to pay. I had a groupon purchased for that very occasion, which I tried to use. Apparently rolls don't count as an entree, so I couldn't use it. I wouldn't have had a problem with that, except the waiter (who I am sure is a perfectly pleasant person - his control of the English language, however, left much to be desired, which is why he came off like an ass), extremely condescendingly said something along the lines of "well, you can read the small print in the groupon", blah blah. Yeah, thanks, buddy, I'm pretty sure I'm capable of doing just that. The simple fact that I genuinely didn't know that sushi didn't constitute an entree doesn't give you the right to be a patronizing dick.Needless to say, he got me irritated enough so that I did the thing I so VERY rarely do but believe everyone SHOULD do when the services rendered are inadequate - I didn't tip. And this is coming from a guy who tips the "American" 15-20% in Europe. So, like I said, be warned - you can get a great waiter (who did get said 20% last time we were there) and be very satisfied because they do know how to cook (when they aren't taking creative liberties with recipes), but the flip side could be something along the lines of what we got.
4	This place has a really nice feel to it when you walk in. There were three of us and it was around 4pm so the place wasn't too busy at the time. We had pretty quick service at the beginning. We all had gotten the salad with the normal ginger dressing. It was actually really good and a little more creamy and had, I think, different seasonings than regular ginger dressing that always comes on salad at sushi places everywhere. I got the Mexican roll that came in a group of 6. I came with two guys so they ordered quite a few different sushi rolls. I believe one was the dragon roll which tasted delicious. I really liked my Mexican roll and the presentation for all three of our plates was beautiful. However, after we finished the service was beyond slow. It looked like other tables servers were faster, but honestly it took more than 5-10 minutes for the server to come over after we all were finished and just sitting there. Then it took another 5-10 to just bring our checks back. I really was going to give this place three stars because of the slow service, but I don't want another place to go out of business in this building. I will give them a second chance.
1	This is a solid one star. We ordered tuna, a casual sushi roll, sea food mix, and a noodle soup. Tuna and sushi are normal (not too bad), but noodle soup and sea food mix are HORRIBLE, especially sea food mix. Regardless its lack of sea food (filled with eggplants, cucumbers, and green peppers), the taste is worst sea food dish I have ever ordered. Not recommend it to anyone.
5	I went to Pittsburgh while I was home visiting my family in Akron, Oh. We drove to Pittsburgh to visit my grandma who has been alive longer than most trilobites. So when she finally went to bed at 5:30, my mom, dad, sister and I decided to get some dinner and drinks.We walked in the door, about faced and marched right out. This hip and elegant sushi restaurant was clearly way out of our modest price range. But, I thought to myself, "hold up Jake, why not just hop on the ole' Yelp and check out that menu!" Glad I did because it turns out that this restaurant is totally affordable.So we grabbed a table outside since it was a nice, temperate pittsburgh summer night and I don't get much of that in the sweltering sticky sauna of summer in South Florida - how about that alliteration suckas!So we got 6 rolls to share, the large order of saki which my dad and I split while my mom and sister got some peach lemonade vodka bullshit (not really my bag). Now let me say, I don't do cheap sushi or even affordable sushi after the all you can eat sushi buffet fiasco of 2012. Let me tell you, this sushi is not only safe to eat but delicious as well. That sushi was gone in the blink of an eye. I wish that this place was in Ft. Lauderdale because it would become a Sunkin Staple. Only one downside, the waiter was a little awkward. But we didn't really mind. How often can you find great affordable sushi with such a nice atmosphere? Bottom line: perfect sushi place for a baller on a budget.
4	Very similar to a sushi restaurant that I always frequented back at home. I recommend it. It's pretty straight forward- good sushi, good prices. I recommend heading there on a Sunday or Monday when they're doing half-off sushi. Prices vary between $3 and $7.50 on those days. Didn't have the hibachi but will definitely be heading back there to try that out.
5	Great drink specials.. A male bartender with flannel draped in suspenders.. And a female bartender who will melt your heart with her soft spoken personality along with aggressively potent physical beauty ~ made this dining experience better than most sexperiences I've had in the past 8 months. Nice work sake. We'll be back soon.
5	Best sushi in Pittsburgh! Very clean, modern atmosphere, attentive staff, and quality food.  I've eaten sushi all over the city, but Sake has constantly impressed me with both the freshness of the fish and the creativity of its presentation. Average prices for an above average experience. They have half price sushi on Mondays, so I dine here basically every Monday. I recommend this restaurant to anyone who likes Asian cuisine and especially those who like sushi. MUST TRY THE SIGNATURE ROLL. AMAZING.
2	Music from the bar so loud that the servers can't hear the customers. No wonder there are complaints about service. Our server almost pestered us with unwanted attention, trying to compensate. How do I know? Part of our order was wrong because he couldn't hear us.The food is mediocre. Sushi restos do not stand out by making a more bizarre combination roll than anyone lse -- they stand out for high quality ingredients and execution. Sake does not measure up.
3	Well I went on Monday night for the happy hour specials. The place was clean and the staff was very cordial and pleasant. Service was immediate and I was happy that my waiter in no way rushed us because I stayed until the place was about to close. Also the $5 Martini's were excellent. However the sushi was ok but I have had better. The California roll was good, however my Philadelphia roll did not taste as fresh as I would have liked. Now don't get me wrong it was spoiled or sour but it could've been more fresh. However the price and service of that happy hour would absolutely have me revisit. Also the restrooms were very clean and smelled amazing!! So this place is average to me!!
5	Best Sushi bar in Pittsburgh, that's why we keep coming back...!Had dinner here last night to get my 'sushi-fix' and again wasn't disappointed.  Our fav sushi guy- Lee had moved back to New York but Lin was there to pick up where Lee left off.  The sushi was the freshest I've tasted here in Pgh and Lin served us a complimentary 'Sexy Salmon' plate of 4 Sashimi's even before the ice water hit the counter in front of us.  Service can be slow here but don't let that keep you away.  Sit at the sushi counter and enjoy the show of countless rolls getting perfectly created right there in front of you.  We ordered 2 bowls of Miso soup ($1 on Sun & Mon) which were delicious.  The tofu was cut in tiny cubes so you could get some with every spoonful.  We then ordered an Octopus Salad ($5), a regular Tuna Roll ($3), a regular Philadelphia Roll ($3) and a specialty Eel Dragon Roll ($7.5).  The Octopus Salad was as good as I had tasted anywhere.  Places use this to garnish sushi platters and I was hooked after the first time I decided to taste it.  It has the consistency of bacon and a sweet/tartiness that can't be described.  Simply put... YUMM!Our sushi rolls were up next and if you look at the picture- the presentation was excellent.  The Eel Dragon Roll had so many tastes & textures going on, it was simply amazing- the sweetness and slight warmth of baked eel, the creaminess & cooling effect of the avocado, the perfect stickiness of the rice...  As we were slowly finishing this off- Lee offers 4 complimentary baked teriyaki shrimp that I think he was trying out to put on the menu.  Sweet & warm then the wasabi I dipped it in hit my taste buds and Wow...!  Requesting our tab- we were shocked...  $23...!  Was this McDonalds?  No...!  This was hand made, right in front of us, ultra fresh sushi.  You keep rollin them up, we'll keep coming back...!
2	Way overrated in my opinion, which proves how few restaurants in Pittsburgh offer quality sushi. Mediocre food topped with a poor experience/bad service left a bad taste in my mouth. I don't intend to return. Service:We went with the expectation of receiving the happy hour special despite it being a Saturday. At that time, the special was listed on their website and didn't specify days it was not offered. I even called and had this confirmed before going. When we got there and asked if we could order from the happy hour menu, we got a blank stare and then the manager. He informed us that it was a mistake and we must have searched the menu of another restaurant. I even pulled it up on my phone to show him, at which point he then said he couldn't give us that option. Didn't offer anything extra to us, a discount or a sincere apology. In my opinion, that's a poor way to apologize to a customer- even a simple free appetizer would have been enough to win me over. Incredibly disappointed. Food:We ordered a few sushi rolls. Like many places in Pittsburgh, it was nothing special. The salmon and tuna were mediocre in regards to freshness. Even without the bad experience, I would offer it 3 stars at best. Ambience:A bit confusing. Modern trendy and then throw on a couple of neon lights and old looking table cloths. I didn't care for it much. The only plus was the doors, which could open up the restaurant on a nice day or evening.
5	sushi was AMAZING. best sushi I've ever head. service as on point, they were there when we needed stuff and went out of their way to find us a bottle that they thought they were out of! I highly recommend this place to everyone!
3	I went for the half price sushi night.  It was good.  There really wasn't anything remarkable about the place.  The sushi was good, but not great.  The presentation was nice. The service was good.I wouldn't go out of my way to go here, but if I were in the Southside Works and wanted sushi, I'd return.
