5	I'm usually really picky about where I get my hair cut and highlighted. I've had many bad experiences (and often ended up with botched color jobs), but I hate spending a lot of money; I'm a mom on a tight budget. I found this salon using a Groupon and so happy I bought it. Alison is my new stylist and she's fantastic. The prices are good, the salon is top notch, they offer drinks and wine, and I couldn't be more pleased.  It can be hard to find (it's among the townhouses behind the shopping center), but try it and you'll be very happy!
5	I purchased a living social gift certificate and this was my first visit. I will definitely go back. This is an outstanding service oriented salon. I have short thick hair and Allison gave me one of the best haircuts I have ever received! I have already made my second appointment.
5	Cute little salon.  Lizzie did a fantastic job with my rats nest, she was precise and patient and I will definitely visit this place again.  Teacher Tuesday discount is a plus as well!
3	Okay, my brothers girlfriend who normally does a fantastic job of cutting my hair is out of town and I got impatient and went to a new random place with good reviews to het a haircut.....BAD IDEA!!..so first of all, the girl who cut my hair was really sweet, but the haircut I got was atrocious.....I actually cant believe whoever the manager was didnt stop me from leaving with this haircut. I think the hairdresser was still pretty fresh out of school, I asked for a stacked bob, and the overall shape(if you were very far away) was okay, but the execution of the stack was horrible! It was choppy and totally uneven and not blended at all, one side was 1/2 an inch longer! So after dropping $44 I had to go directly to a different salon and pay $36 to have it fixed, now it looks great but is shorter than I wanted....A refund for my reeeeeeally bad haircut would be great, but they make you sign a piece of paper before the cut that says "no refunds".New hairdressers, if you don't know how to execute a technical cut, just freakin say so! Don't butcher my hair!Update: The owner gave me a call and was very nice and understanding.She gave me a prompt refund, which was great!I think if you need a more basic cut or need a coloring this place would be an okay salon to go to.
5	The salon is very clean and modern. The hairstylist I always go to is Liz; she's great! Very affordable and very good at her job! If you want to get color, it will be a bit pricey (tho color is always pricey in my eyes regardless of the place), but Liz also works with you for the right color/tone. Definitely a place that shouldn't be over looked when considering a hair salon!
5	I don't see a listing for the North location (8820 University East) but that is the location I am reviewing. Tasha is excellent.  Highly recommend! Very professional and I always leave happy. My husband tagged along and got his haircut just once before he too decided Tasha is the best in town.
