4	Although I love having clean, white, healthy teeth, I do not love going to the dentist. I had a not-so-friendly dentist growing up who has forever ruined me in terms of being happy about an impending dentist appointment. That said, Dest Family Dentistry at Gateway is my current dentist and I've been quite happy with their service. I've seen three different dentists and all have been very competent. They are always on time for my appointment and for a general cleaning have you in-and-out in 30 minutes or so. Outside of general check-ups, I've had teeth whitening, a cavity filled, a mouthgaurd made, and a crown. I do take very good care of my teeth, you see, but I grind them at night and thus am inadvertently causing myself issues. I figure I'm single-handedly paying for Dr. Dest's kids to go to college, but not much I can do about that. Thank goodness for dental insurance. If you work in the uptown area and need to find somewhere to go during the day, Dest Family Dentistry is just a quick trolley ride from the corner of Trade and Tryon. If it's a nice day you could even take a stroll down there for some exercise. Convenient location (in the same building as the Gateway YMCA) and good service has kept this dental office on my calendar every six months for over two years now.
3	Ive been going to this place for cleaning for over 2 years and they do a good job with it. Recently i had to get filling done and it was a horrific experience. In addition to the tooth, the doctor drilled a hole in my chin. Clumsy!! Then they forgot to polish my tooth. There are better dentist around in the same area. For cleaning, i would recommend but if you have a cavity filling...a big NO!!!
5	I was very happy with Dest Family Dentistry.  My visit was handled efficiently - I was checked-in, moved from x-rays, to cleaning to the exam without delay or any wait.  The staff and Dr. Dest were all very nice.  The facilities look new and the location is a short walk from Trade and Tryon.
4	Ok
5	I've been a patient here for a few years now (before it was Gateway Dentistry) and UDA has been great. Everyone has been very nice and helpful and if you have to wait at all, it's very minimal. The hygienists and dentist really get your teeth clean without killing your gums. They also aren't pushy with expensive dental work and are very honest. I really like this dental group and recommend them whenever someone is looking for a dentist.
1	Horrible !! Stay Away if you love yourself and your dental  health.. Not only is the service bad - but the Practice Manager - Diedra Epps .. Gosh she is one of a kind!! She is everything that a Customer-facing professional should NOT be. She can also slam the phone on your face if you ask her to explain the policies.I am taking my business somewhere else and I will also spread the word so that my friends and family are NOT subjected to the same trauma.
