5	Being that this is the closest Smith's to my house, and it is within walking distance, this automatically receives a 5 stars. Not to mention, this has to be one of the most up-scale, and nicest looking Smith's that I have been in! Sort of like a mini Whole Foods in the produce section, with a great organic section, and made-to order sushi in the center.
5	I have to agree with Jessica....due to how close this Smith's is...it automatically gets 5 stars...but that isn't the only reason. The staff is always very friendly to me and my sometimes well behaved children. The deli section offers Boar's Head products...which are the bees knees when it comes to deli meat. The pharmacy is quick, efficient and accommodating (Tina..I think that's her name...let me rest my very achy head on her counter while I was waiting for my prescription). Lastly, I usually see some friends from the gym...which always makes me smile.
5	Best grocery store in vegas.  Prices, selection, and staff is great... especially the produce guy.
5	This is our supermarket!  Well because we live down the street from it.  I can't go to any other supermarket because I just feel lost.  We have our biweekly shopping trips here to gather our food.  because that's how we hunt and gather our food nowadays with our plastic weapon sheathed in its leather case.  (i.e. our debit card packed in our wallet, just in case you didn't get that.) My wife and I are very efficient grocery store shoppers.  We plan out our mission making lists and putting together meals.  This is our intel before we go on our mission.  We know this store like the back of our hands and alway have a route we take in order to check the items needed off our list.  I just made a shopping trip sound amazing didn't I?  Well, you have to because let's face it shopping is a chore and none of us like to do it.  Here's what I really like about our neighborhood Smiths.  The people who work there! Yes I said it, The produce, bakery, deli, and meat associates are great.  One time my wife was looking at apples, and the produce guy recommended the best baking apple and even cut a piece off of one to let her try it.  Even the people at at the cash registers are alway happy and have a smile.  Maybe the guys are always smiling because apparently this is were all the strippers shop according to that guys review.  On a serious note, you can't knock this place and use your rewards card!  I cannot stress this enough, just use it!  Every three months we get about $14 from Smiths.  That's free money!
4	They made a huge renovation at this smiths and it was kind of a pain when they were moving the food and shelves all around, but it was worth it. The selections are always just as good or better than any other store and the prices are definitely better than albertsons, vons or wal-marts neighborhood market. And being 1.8 miles from the house its the closest by far than any other store. With the shoppers card I regularly save $800-1000 a year in groceries. The layout is good, the shoppers card is great, the prices are comparable or better and the location is close. Only thing annoying is sometimes the self checkout kiosks are backed up and full or not working right, but usually pretty smooth...4 solid stars
4	You know how schools in rich neighborhoods are always so much better than schools in less-rich neighborhoods? I'm starting to think the same goes for grocery stores, especially Smith's. This is pretty much, hands-down, the prettiest and nicest Smith's you'll encounter in the Vegas area. It's almost got a Whole Foods feel - almost. The selection is far superior to the other Smith's locations. And, most importantly, again, it is just so much prettier and nicer. Plus, I hear Holly Madison shops here.
2	Smiths produce is always the worst and always very near expiration.Prices are always high no matter what you buy.  Big markup here.This place is always a zoo.  I'm amazed at some of the trash that shops here.  Ex-strippers yelling and cussing at the top of her longs at her 3 little brats is the norm.  As well as trashy, fat, sloppy, criminal looking people blocking the aisles as if they were raised in a trailer park.  Unbelievable.  I expect this at WalMart but come on people - PULL YOURSELF TOGETHER.Some of the gal's that work there are friendly and attentive so they get an extra star.Not a smiths fan at all.
4	very nice and clean, a bit pricey, has a "Whole Food" feel to it like other reviewers has said
1	The Staff are the rudest people, not friendly at all very stand off,  They treat you with NO personality!  There is one older gal who is a checker and she is an old mean jerk!At 7pm some genius puts a line of baskets in front of produce section of the store to prevent people from entering that area of the store from the entrance, this where the genius who came up with idea proves to be the village idiot  he has all the customers snaking back and forth through the sliding doors because he locks or closes the one set of outside sliding doors and the other side second set of inside sliding doors.  Just a dumb move to have you customer's going through a maze to get a basket and enter the store........ Fresh and Easy is not the answer, but soon there will be another store in the Southern Highlands Area and I hope it will shed a light on the poor customer service and the high prices we have to put up with.....  Not happy with Smiths and I am not alone on these issues!The older lady with black hair and know it all demeaner is a drag employee and should be writen up for being rude.. Not Fired just witten up so she has a chance to change her behavior!
4	I recently moved into this area. I am thankful to have a Smith's nearby. I usually visit the store once a week for my basic shopping needs. I have found the fruit and vegetables to be well stocked with fresh/ripe inventory. There is usually someone unloading more inventory in this section, so if you have any questions, you won't have to look far. There is a nice floral section as well as meat and deli. I was pleasantly surprised to see there is a large section devoted to alternative food choices like: soy or almond milk products, gluten free, vegan, vegetarian,etc.The store is clean and very organized. The check out has been speedy yet friendly. *Be careful when parking, the lot can get a little crazy at times, I have already witnessed a fender bender while I was leaving.
5	Fresh sushi bar???? In a grocery store? Not to mention the insane selection of cheese! I LOVE this store!
4	I love this store.  I never liked sushi from restaurants and I tried a sample of the NY Crunchy they make fresh in the store (I love that they have this fresh sushi bar) and I loved it.  I've opened up to other sushi (they make here) and I'm a huge fan!  I frequent this store as it is in the neighborhood and I've always had great service.  There are a couple of employees that have attitudes (specifically a red head) but most are friendly and courteous.  I know a couple of people that have worked for the corporation and as an employer they should offer better compensation (why only the four-star rating) but the store is clean and have great sales.
3	This store is always nice, and is well laid out, but today I made the mistake of taking a free paper from a lady at the door on my way out! Don't do it!!!  She will curse you out and tell you to lean to read if you don't want to subscribe.
4	This Smith's receives high marks because of selection, sushi, and location. The store is large and inviting. The selection is broad but quality can be hit-and-miss; especially the berries. I think I've bought rotten raspberries more than once. There's a decent organic section, if you're too lazy to drive to Whole Foods. The most surprising thing about this place is the sushi selection. During the day, you see several sushi chefs making rolls and offering free sample to customers. And I must admit, the sushi is tasty. I wish they offered brown rice rolls though.
5	I love this place, very friendly service! Very attentive staffs, produces are fresh and reasonable price
4	4and not 5 because the workers who stalk literally avoid you if you have a question and it makes you feel guilty even asking for help. Other than that I do almost all my shopping here. They have great prices and are 24/7. The self checkout girls are pretty friendly as well. And the more you spend with their rewards the more you get off gas. Last December I literally had .30 off every gallon. I do most of my shopping real late at night so again, pretty damn convenient.
3	Stay away from crabby pharmacy!! Wish they would understand no one enjoys going to a pharmacy for meds it's not cuz it's fun we go all the time but someone is ill... A nice  word or something other than rudeness would go a long way!! The front end checkers are so nice and I love the rest of the staff always welcoming and greeting you!! Some of the top management can always be found saying hello to you as they work!
4	It's pretty standard grocery store offerings. Good flow, friendly cashiers, mix of self and full service check out. The things that could set it apart, like organic foods, produce, fish, or deli mediocre. I will continue to frequent there really isn't competition near by and it does everything fine.
5	I love this place! :) My boyfriend and I do all of our grocery shopping here! And I loooove that they are open 24-hours! We usually go at midnight-2am because that's when we are off work and finally have time to do our grocery shopping. And because we go so late, we have to do the self-scan thing. I don't mind doing the self-scan thing but my boyfriend minds it, haha. Last thing that I love is that we save money with our Smith's card. Thaaanks! :)
1	Disappointed! Was told to come at 6 am for boxes from the manager and went to get them and they said "we don't have any sorry" kind of rude!
1	This has to be the worst smith's in Vegas.  I came here at 4pm earlier today and they were out of 2% milk,  and now I'm back at 1:20am the same day and this place still has no milk!  Terrible management!  I will never go to smiths moving forward because of this sh*thole.
