5	Siam Orchid is a hidden jewel. Wonderful, fresh Thai food served in a surprisingly upscale location. The Green Papaya Salad is wonderful and the Pad Thai the best I've had in Phoenix! The owners are natives of Thailand and the 60+ dishes on their menu come straight from family recipes. We have eaten at the Siam Orchid several times and have yet to try something we didn't love. Who says the east Valley doesn't know good ethnic foods?
5	This is a hidden jewel.  The food is great and the Thai curry dishes are incredible, but the best this about this place is the Coconut Ice cream and the mango and sticky rice. This place is a great place to eat.
5	For starters I should say that I travel all around the US and make an effort to eat Thai food in every city I visit and Siam Orchid is by far the best, best, best Thai restaurant I've been too.It's not glam or glitz, it's more like if you had a Thai aunt that could run into the kitchen and cook you up some that tastes amazing.  The staff (a family owned business) is incredibly friendly and personable.  I've never seen more customers come in and get hugs.  Ask a couple of questions about Thailand and you'll be the next hug recipient when you come in.The food, off the charts good.  It isn't often that you take a bite of something and wonder how they manage to make it taste so good.  Recipes, as described above, are a family secret that the owner Pimpom isn't sharing with anyone.So if you're in the greater Phoenix area and looking for a Thai place I would recommend that you look no further, pop in and give Siam Orchid a try and you won't be disappointed.Lastly, the review below is a shockingly different story from any experience I have had .. and I've eaten there more than 50 times.
4	My boyfriend introduced me to this place, and whenever we get a craving for Thai food we'll go here. It's a small, cute and clean restaurant and the service is polite. The food is so good. We always order the spring rolls as an appetizer and these things are like little fried packages of crack. The accompanying dipping sauce is to die for as well.As far as entrees go, I haven't been disappointed with anything I've tried, which includes the "mussaman curry," "pahd woon sen" (shrimp, chicken, mushroom, green onion and tomatoes w/ vermicelli noodles) and the "pahd thai." My boyfriend always gets the chicken cashew which is also delicious. My favorite thing about their dishes is everything I've had tastes fresh, light and amazingly seasoned. We'll definitely be back for more.
4	My best friend was in town from Denver to visit, and she is a Thai fanatic.  We had a long day, and really needed to eat, and this place is right across the street from my home, so we decided to give it a try.  We stopped in on Friday night, and were really pleased.  It's obviously a mom-and-pop operation: we met both mom and pop.  Service was very friendly, albeit a bit slow, especially as it got busier.  In fact, by the time our meal was finished, almost every table was occupied.  Considering this is a strip-mall restaurant that I honestly would have never noticed, that speaks pretty well for its quality and repeat business.  We started with the wonton soup to share, which did take a while to get to the table, but was tasty.For entrees,  I ordered the Drunken Noodles, and my friend had the Pad Thai, and ordered it extra hot.  The portions were large, and they brought out extra spices so she could season the dish to her liking.  We had plenty of leftovers to take home.  While it was just a tad pricier than I am used to for Thai, it wasn't too big a deal. Even with the slower service, I wasn't displeased because of how friendly the owners were and how truly delicious the food was.  I will be back, for sure.
2	My boyfriend and I have enjoyed Mint Thai and Jasmine Thai but decided to try a new place.  Bad move.  We ordered Tom Ka Gai soup, Green Curry Chicken, and Cashew Chicken.  The soup was pretty good, not the best I've tried but met our requirements.  Plenty of chicken and mushrooms.  We ordered the chicken dishes at 3 stars - our usual for a new place and we were assured that 4 stars would be Thai Hot.  Both chicken dishes were completely bland and tasteless and definitely not 3 stars, I think 1 star would be a stretch.  The cashew chicken was oily but otherwise lacking in sauce, bland, and had no vegetables as we have come to expect at other restaurants.  The portion was small for $10 but we weren't really interested in eating it anyway.  The curry was better, salt helped, but still not spicy.  Looking forward to a spicy Thai dinner and was totally disappointed.To be fair, it was takeout.  But I don't think that made any difference.  We picked up our order and ate it right away.  Bland is just bland whether it sits in my car for 10 minutes on the way home or not.  2 stars for the soup, but I would definitely not try any of the other entrees.  If you like spicy food, go somewhere else.
5	The owners are indeed a mom and dad operation, and at one point their daughter was a server/cashier nearly 5 years ago, the last time I was there.  The decor is lovely, with a very light pink coloring on the walls, and some bolder Thai decorations in the center rear of the restaurant.  I bring up the 5 years because after I ordered my favorite roast duck curry incarnation, pin poy brought out her husband ( sorry, name escapes me ) and said I knew he was going to order this dish!  We shared some nice laughs, caught up, she explained about the only change I noticed, which is that the eastern wall is covered with drawings from the children of her customers.  With anyone that oozed a hint of smarmy character it wouldn't work, but these two are so genuine that it's very endearing.I wrote all that because I do think that a rating reflects your overall experience including service vs reasonable expectations.  I had the everlastingly popular and delicious roast duck curry, which had a good portion of sliced duck, cherry tomatoes, pineapple, grape in a red curry sauce garnished with mint on top.  I've eaten probably at a dozen thai restaurants in the valley and about the same in SoCal- in terms of authenticity, flavor, and even presentation, Siam Orchid is your standard bearer.  If I could give it 6 stars I would.
4	For a simple restaurant in a strip mall this place is very good. We ate there last night, I had a very good curry, my wife had a shrimp plate she did not offer to share. My son loved the chicken satay and my daughter was happy with shrimp in a blanket. Definitely worth a return visit.
5	This place is totally awesome.  The food is good and very traditional.  It's a mom and pop and the owners are very nice and the service is great.  I was tempted to them 4 stars because of their extremely high prices, but I guess I will just give you a warning on that.I've only been once, my wife had pad thai and I had the grilled steak meal (if I remember correctly crying steak or something similar).  I will definitely end up going back.  I have actually been to Thailand so I can vouch for their authenticity. The flavors are not tamed down too much for Americans.  I would recommend trying this place out, if your wallet can handle it.
3	Siam Orchid was my first Yelp review, so I wanted to give it an update, especially because I have been somewhat of a regular. However, I have to downgrade my rating after several visits recently have left me feeling totally ill for a day following.  Perhaps it's all a big coincidence.. I really do enjoy Siam Orchid's flavor.  My dishes always taste great - I just never feel too great later or the next morning.No matter how good a place's food tastes, it's tough to be convinced to return when all you can remember is how bad you felt later on! Maybe I need to go on a moratorium from Siam Orchid for a hot minute, and see if that does the trick. Hopefully so, because I prefer it to any other Thai restaurant in Gilbert by a mile.
3	Ask for spicy level. Tom Yang Gong is spicy but very light sour.  Musamman curry is very tasty!
4	This place was great! I don't know what some people are griping about. I ordered carry out for lunch today and it was done for me right when I got there. The guy up front was really friendly. When I ordered on the phone I asked for Beef Panang, he made me aware that that wasn't on the lunch special menu and wanted to know if I wanted something that was on the lunch special menu. I had my heart set on this dish so I said that was fine. I picked it up, paid - reasonable price, and ate it at my office - so delicious!! Everyone around me said it smelled so good and wanted taste samples.I had a little trouble identifying where this place was but other than that, I thought it was great - btw, NE corner of Gilbert and Guadalupe in the strip mall. I will be returning to try the Pad Thai and I can't wait!
4	Owners couldn't be nicer and more attentive. I ordered for takeout the Tohm Kah Guy soup and it was one of the best I've ever had. The restaurant wasn't very busy for a Saturday night but is clean, quiet and easy to find.  I witnessed several 'regulars' with the staff and it was nice to see the banter between them. It seemed like a heartfelt exchange.Only words to the wise are:-order ahead if doing takeout. Took almost 45 mins when I did a walk-in order.-I like spicy and thier 'medium' spicy has a major kick. You've been warned.
4	I came here with my daughter, who said "I am a young, pale white girl and they actually listened to me when I asked for them to make my dish spicy". So thumbs up.
4	Service 5Food 4Cleanliness 4Atmosphere 4Value 4Pros:When they say something is spicy they mean it.Incredibly friendly staffQuality ingredientsCons:Little slowLittle priceyI've been here twice with my gf. She used to stop here almost daily for lunch when she worked in the area. The lady is so incredibly nice here, we had some great conversation along with some great food. They were very accommodating, even after showing up just a few minutes before they closed(sorry). The portion sizes are decent and the quality of everything was great. They are not the quickest.. but that's not a bad thing.. that generally means everything is cooked to order and I believe that's the case.Onto the food:Tom Ka Guy:Oh heavenly soup... This was the first dish that got me hooked on Thai food. Their version is excellent with large fresh mushrooms, and they are not shy with the sour aspect of the dish.Massaman Curry:One of the things the girlie and I like about this place is the curry's actually taste different. Some places the curry taste very sweet and the only difference between them is the color. This one is a rich sauce with the essence of peanuts which is what its all about. Large fresh white meat chicken chunks, massaman curry, potato, and roasted peanuts mmmmm.Drunken Noodle:This was a good version and heavy on the Thai basil which I liked.Thai Jerky:Little pieces of deep fried pork and a sweet chili dipping sauce. I have no idea if this is actually Thai but it was delicious in that heavy fried pork unhealthy way ;)
5	All of the food is medium spicy. U should ask to less spicy if u can't handle itThe place is quite n nice. The tom yung gong taste is more like spicy shrimp broth soup, not sour at all. Basil with pork meat was amazing!
2	Let me first start off saying when it comes to Thai food I am very picky being half Thai I know what to expect...I came here for two reasons 1 it is close to where I was visiting 2 it was voted best Thai...I had the Pad Thai and portion size was good had Chicken and Shrimp in it however it DID NOT taste like any i have had before and not in a good way.  It was way to vinegary or something and it was a red hue not brown.  It just didn't taste like my moms or any Thai resturants in my hometown.  I also tried the coconut ice cream..it was good homeade coconut ice cream rolled in peanuts on a bed of sweet coconut rice.  All in all to say that I was disappointed is an understatement.  I will not be back.
4	For a small local eatery it is very fresh and very good.  The only reason it is not getting a five is their is only one cook for the most part.  And if there is only one server it can be really slow.  But we have been there a ton and we continue to go back because it's so good!  Worth the little bit of a wait at times.
5	Best Vegetable Curry I've ever had! I opted for the yellow curry and was really impressed by how much flavor it had and just the right level of spicy. I wouldn't say it's the least expensive spot but worth a couple extra bucks in my opinion. Definitely going back!
2	I am wondering if the people reviewing this place, positively, have had actual authentic Thai food.I got a green curry which had cabbage (wtf) snow peas (wtf) no basil (double wtf). It's green curry which is SO Basic - Eggplant, green bell peppers, carrots and basil. Simple.This, to me, was Chinese food masquerading as Thai. I looked through the reviews...it seems like things are hit or miss. What should one order when they come here, I wonder? So I guess if you want Authentic Thai Food, go elsewhere. If you're suburban and haven't a clue...enjoy?Fail.
3	So....I guess I can see what the negative reviews were talking about. I went here today with a couple of friends for lunch. Although the woman who was working there was friendly enough, we waited about 30 minutes for lunch with only 2 other tables occupied....pretty unheard of for Thai food (I've had plenty of Thai food made fresh in about 5-10 minutes...at busy restaurants). My friend said her pad see ewe was the worst she had ever had...and not that it was so bad, but just bland. My other friend got pad thai and thought it was fine.... I got the chicken noodle soup and it was also a little bland, but good enough after I added a bunch of hot chili sauce. I guess this place just brings the hot sauce on the side instead of asking how spicy you want your food (?) I thought that was ok...but I prefer to have the spice cooked into the food. Anyway, the soup was ok, a pretty small bowl, and fairly devoid of any veggies or anything, but not bad. I wouldn't make a special trip to come here, especially with having higher quality Thai food in Phoenix or Tempe.
4	I've driven by for years and just never been in. Today we decided to try Siam. I really liked it. The atmosphere is cheerful and homey in a genuine sort of way. We each had a lunch special and liked them both. While we were there a man came in and knew exactly what he wanted. I'll try that next time, duck curry and mint lemonade. I had the yellow veg curry. Very fresh, a little spice and flavorful. Even at pm this place has regulars.
5	Service is a little slow sometimes but very relaxed.  Food is very good and the combo for lunch is very creative and tasty.  My wife and I like a lot of their dishes but I have to go back each time and have their Yellow Curry Chicken.  It's great!If you need a quick/fast food place then go to the burger joint.  I do recommend this place for their food.
5	Truly enjoyed the amazing food at Siam Orchid! I was craving Thai Food and we drove over 20 miles to get here. The menu selections were very well written - and to our pleasure the appearance of each dish and the taste exceeded our expectations. A great place for authentic Thai.
5	Perfection.This place is small, impeccably clean, and there are cute drawings all over the walls of kids who have drawn a picture for the owner, Pinporn.She is really personable, and the food is super fresh and nutritious.  (No heavy sauces, thank you!!)I will be back for the homemade coconut ice cream.  ^^
2	I know good thai curry and this was far from it. Service was very good.
5	I have had the opportunity to travel to several Asian countries and this is the BEST thai restaurant I have tried in more than 10 years.  No matter what happens, I always had, have and will have SIAM as the top 1.  I have visited more than 25 thai restaurants as this is the closest to what I have had in Asia.  The Home made coconnut ice cream...THE BEST!
1	We were excited about having Thai food for dinner tonight and decided to try some place new instead of our usual favorite place. Based upon the reviews, we had high expectations. We were sorely disappointed. We got phad thai, cashew chicken, and panang curry. Every single dish was flat and flavorless. We are incredibly disappointed that we spent $33 plus tax and had to force ourselves to eat it just to not waste the money (yes, it was that bad).
2	Ugh!  I'm a huge Thai fan and this place was completely icky.  What I love about Thai food is that it is flavorful.  I ordered my usual that I get from every Thai restaurant I go to...just see my Yelp profile.  Their pad won sen was flavorless and had some of the weirdest ingredients.  I didn't want to finish it or take it home because it was so lackluster.  My friend ordered their garlic chicken which was just okay.  The amount of garlic they put in it should have been shared with my dish.  Yikes!It was merely a place we chose randomly and I don't ever want to eat there again.  There are too many tasty Thai places in the valley to waste my time here again.
4	This is a great place for a casual evening. We've been for dinner 40-50 times and it has yet to disappoint. Most evenings there are only a handful of diners, so it is a great place if you want to have a conversation over dinner without straining to hear.The Tom Yum Gum (sp?) is a great soup to start with - and they do it a little on the spicy side. My family particularly enjoys the Crying Tiger and the Sweet and Sour Tofu as entrees. We also usually have the coconut ice cream and the Thai custard for desert. They are excellent.
5	Love the personal service and attention. The soups are outstanding, Yum Neu salad is hot and awesome. 10+ from me.
5	It started out as a 4 star due to the dining room being a bit warm. However, Our server quickly adjusted the temperature to our comfort level! ^_^ Khap Khun KaFood was delish!Service was prompt, friendly, and attentive.Music was proper volume. We appreciated the fact we were able to have a conversation without yelling to be heard. A mum and pop shoppe near old town Gilbert.Sure! The decor is not swanky or mod. But the quality of food, portion of food, the price you are charged, and warm service... I'll take that anytime over a really awesome decor with mediocre service, and over priced dishes! :)We'll be returning soon!
5	We have tried a few Thai restaurants around the East Valley and for my money Sian Orchid wins top prize.I had a perfectly spiced Massaman curry and my wife had a Yello curry. Both were super tasty and we agreed that Siam Orchid had just become our 'goto' Thai restaurant. The service was warm and friendly and the location just a little north of downtown Gilbert is excellent.Can't wait to go back!
2	Place was pretty dead, only 2 other parties of people. Excellent service, but aside from the appetizer of spring rolls(which were delicious), food was very mediocre. The pad thai was a big pile of barely spicy noodles, chicken and shrimp- no bean sprouts or vegetables. Hubby got a basil chicken dish which he said was ok, but left him still hungry. Neither of our dishes came with rice. We just weren't impressed with the food, but our go-to Thai place, Siam Thai, is run by a family from thailand, so we are a bit spoiled.
5	This is our "go to"when I don't want to cook. The food is consistent and the soup is the best ever. My husband and I have tried them all and there isn't a bad one. We really like the food from central Thailand-not too spicy and not too bland. The mango and sticky rice is the perfect end to a delightful dinner. This is a family owned and the owners are always on site.
4	I've been going here for years and wish I didn't have to drive so far otherwise I may go more often. The food is delicious but definitely spicy. They don't ask you the spice level you prefer so if you want your food milder you'll need to remember to ask. The drunken noodles are amazing and so is the green curry. I also love the fish cakes and papaya salad however they were out of both tonight.
5	I'm addicted! New to Thai food, I asked the owner if there was a dish with lots if vegetables and some chicken. He suggested the vegetable curry with chicken added. I've been back now three times and can't bring myself to order anything else. It is that good! What I found so unique is the way the vegetables are cooked where they are still crunchy but not undercooked at all. They were very generous with all of the veggies and chicken too. I have never seen any employees there - only the owner couple. They couldn't be nicer and trust me, the small staff doesn't take away from the service. They were quick and attentive. This is a tiny restaurant to you need to look closely or you will miss it, but it is far from a whole in the wall. Impeccably clean!
3	Tonight we tried Siam Orchid for the first time, take out.  It was good. Not fantastic, but good quality ingredients. The Yellow curry dish was good, but not enough coconut milk in the sauce- which makes it so rich & yummy. Mango Sticky Rice is always my fav! Their Mango had a couple darker brown spots : / Coconut Sticky rice was delightful!Being that the ingredients were good quality, I will give them another try.
4	This place is run by family local business. Good place to grab lunch. The portion is perfect and the price is good. Fried rice is good. Noodle dish is good. Feel very clean.
4	More traditional/authentic than most other area Thai restaurants, this neat establishment pleased our respective palates. She had the gaeng kraw-ree and I the char steak on bed of greens. Both were delectable and the service was welcoming and pleasant. Given that it is run by a spousal team, the pace was relaxed, but acceptable (we don't care to rush through meals). Ingredients were fresh, authentic and very tasty. Each of us opted for the additional "combination plate",which for just a dollar was a wonderful appetizer. Recommended.
3	This is probably the definition of a hole-in-the-wall mom-and-pop restaurant. The walls are plastered in crayon pictures addressed to the lady owner, and the dining area is lightly decorated and filled with soft and appropriate music. I love it for its quaintness and neatness, I love it for its owners, several dishes are excellent, but the portion sizes tend to run small for the price and often times the dishes are bland.I think every time we have come here it has been very, very dead. There is usually one, maybe two other parties dining in, and sometimes a customers or two comes in to pick up a take-out order. That probably explains the portion sizes. However, if you come here for a quiet atmosphere and pretty authentic Thai food, then it's just the place.The mini Thai egg rolls are probably one of the better appetizers, as are the soups; very flavorful and full of herbs. The curries here are amazing and definitely my favorite (mussaman is the way to go). Some of the noodle dishes do stand out as well. You need to specify if you want something more spicy or more mild as they do not ask. Main dishes are very light, meaning they are not drenched in sauce which is refreshing compared to some heavier Thai cuisines in the area. I would however recommend asking for extra sauce or a little extra spice to bring the plate to life.They try to keep the ingredient combinations as authentic as possible, so if you ask for any substitutions they are happy to oblige but you may receive a weird look in return. No salt, pepper, or soy sauce at the table, but if you ask they will bring out whatever you need. The husband is not as talkative as the wife, but they are both very kind, very hard workers, and are constantly running back and forth to the kitchen.I come here for the quiet dining experience rather than exceptional Thai food. It is close and convenient, but if you want more variety or are wanting to experience Thai food for the first time, I'd recommend sampling some other places first as you may not be blown away here.
