2	Why am I reviewing Taco Bell? I like this particular Taco Bell because it also is a combined Pizza Hut. I like to get pizza on the go when I am in a hurry, so this is pretty convenient for me. What I do not like is that they ALWAYS mess up my order here. I can't even count how many times I've had to walk back into the store and ask for them to fix it. One time, they asked me to pull in front of the store to wait for my pizza because it was still baking for about five more minutes. If I wanted to wait for my pizza I wouldn't have come to a FAST food joint. If you don't have it ready, tell met that so I don't have to wait and be late getting back to work. Anyway, I ended up waiting about 10-15 minutes before I walked into the store just to find out that they completely forgot about me. I had already paid and everything! I do love that they have Mountain Dew Baja Blast at this location.
2	This Taco Bell is one of the worst I have ever come across. Don't get me wrong, the food tastes the same as any taco bell, but they have HORRIBLE service. For the second time I have waited over 20 minutes stuck in a drive-thru for food. When I went in to check on my food (they never brought it out) I saw employees sitting on the counter! After all that wait they have people not even working. Lucky Taco Bell's are a dime a dozen and I can just drive to another one.
5	This location has consistently provided great and accurate service. Darlene is the friendliest employee and makes sure your order is correct.
1	I have to stress that I used to eat here often , but I travel back and forth from Tempe and Glendale so I just eat along my route. I went here last sunday , and got very bad service. I ordered the meal deal number 4 , the 5 layer burrito with doritos and a medium soda. The 5 layer barely had any meat , any beans , or anything for that matter. To cut costs I'm guessing, they put a smaller tortilla inside a larger one to make the thing seem fuller than it was. I went up and got my money back. I am surprised at this because I usually have excellent service here. But then again the management and employees have changed , my favorite people aren't there anymore. Used to be a good one.
1	I stopped in and ordered a T4 meal.  Anyone who has used a Taco Bell combined with a KFC would know there's a T4 meal.  However this one is combined with a Pizza Hut (just personal pan pizzas).  The girl did not know what a T4 meal was so I had to explain that it's Taco Bell combo with the mexican pizza.  She said she didn't know of a T4 meal but ordered me the combo meal anyway, I said she should still know what a T4 meal was.  I went to the fountain and poured myself a Sierra Mist, it tasted like carbonated water with no Sierra Mist syrup in it.  I poured it out and got myself another type of drink.  I got the meal promptly and the the girl who took my non-T4 meal delivered it at the counter (I didn't think the order taker would also delivered the meal at the counter).  She dellivered it with a smile.  I ate the meal, it was not held together well, everything fell apart as I ate, it was a mess.  The next day I got the flu, I had the runs all day.    I do not know whether she sabotaged my meal but I am sick as a dog.  After reading the other negative reviews for this Taco Bell, it would not surprise me if she did not sabotage my meal (spitting in it or hairs or who-knows-what).    Please do not eat here until this place has had a safety review by the health department, FOR YOUR HEALTH.
1	Food Poisoning!!! Simple as that.
