1	So the first time I go in here ever. It looks nice and clean but looked pretty abandoned inside. Well stocked shelves. I picked up an add and saw a bunch of their makeup was buy one get one free. SCORE!! Especially when the good stuff is $8-$12 at least. So I'm roaming this place for the best deals and finally made my decisions. I went to check out and the High School clerk behind the counter said my total was $38 something. I was like WTF!?!?!?! I was running late to pick up my girl from school so I grunted and paid and went on my way. Well as I knew it when I went home to review my receipt I only got one of the specials. So now I'm pissed because I'm going to have to waste more gas and energy to go back there and correct the situation which I can not stand having to tell people how to do their jobs. When I went back there was like 10 people waiting in line to check out at this point my courtesy was being tested. I waited patiently with my 6 yr old in tow asking for this and that gummy thing candy spinner the whole time. I get to a cashier and end up returning all this was truly a P.I.T.A. Next time I will just take CVS add to Walgreen's and see what they can do for me you dont even need a frequent buyer card there either. Booooo CVS I boo you very much!!!!
5	I have been to this CVS like a million times, it's literally a 30 sec drive from mi casa. I think most of the cashiers know me & my hubby since we go here so much, for anything & everything from Captain Morgan/Sailor Jerry's for him to yummy scented body wash for me. I like how they have coupons at the end of each receipt & the occasional extra bucks-woohoo! They are affiliated with J C Penney, so I use my Penney's card here 90% of the time & the other 10 is actually at J C Penney.
3	Needs more of a selection. Friendly staff
1	By far the worst pharmacy I've ever used. Never have prescriptions when they promise. I spend at least 30 minutes each time I come here waiting. This it's time to move my prescriptions to Walmart
1	Worst pharmacy ever!!!!!!!!! I have thought they would improve but was wrong. They mislabel prescriptions, and are incompetent . Go elsewhere .
5	Wonderful customer service. I had an issue at another cvs with their photo service that messed up 90 pictures for a project. I didn't have time to redo them that day so I waited till today. I used this cvs because it was closer. I was disappointed when I found out the online coupon had now expired. The manager at this store, Henry honored it anyway. Way to keep your customers happy. I will be back.
5	Gotta love that drive-through service. Close to home and they are pretty fast in responding to your needs. Zip in and zip out, no problems. They have two lanes. Full service and a drop off only lane.
