3	Average pizza at best and sub-par appetizers. Decent beer specials are only upside. Walk across the street and eat at Fuel for some real pizza.
4	Brixx has some great selections if you know what to order. Their sandwiches can be so-so although I've ordered my fair share and my first week in Charlotte they were a major comfort (Fresh Mozzarella Sandwich). Their salads are pretty nice but their pizza- yum! I've tried all the veggie oriented varieties except the Pear & Gorgonzola Pizzawhich is next on my list. The location is perfect for when you're wandering uptown, maybe perusing the library, and hunger suddenly strikes. If you're looking for a cheap slice, you may want to go to Fuel, but if you're looking for something more enjoyable, try Brixx. One drawback to Brixx... there is smoking inside, at least the last time I was at this location which has been awhile.
1	I was really excited to checkout Brixx.  I had heard some great things about it.  We hit the 6th Street location.  My friends arrived before me and had their beers for 20 minutes.  10 minutes after I arrived, the waiter finally brought me a glass of water, then he flew off before we could order anything.  25 MINUTES later, we finally got his attention to request the bill. We had reached the point of frustration where we were so angry that we didn't want to order anything or give them our business.  The fastest part of the afternoon was when he brought the bill, waited and closed us out.  He did not receive a tip.  I have never had such a horrible experience at a restaurant in my entire life.
5	Brixx gets five stars from me for it's fantastic faux cheese. It's a rare and wonderful thing to find a fake cheese that isn't nasty. Not only is the brand Brixx carries not nasty...it's actually quite good. It's convincing enough as a fake cheese that the first time I had it, I asked the server to double-check. I was convinced I'd been cheesed inadvertently. The salads are great, and there are lots of good appetizers. I've had some good experiences taking family there, especially when there's a variety of picky eaters coming out. There's a little something for everyone.It can get a little busy, which slows down the service, but I haven't had the kind of bad experience that Emilie P. had. I've always found the servers to be friendly and responsive.
5	Oh Brixx how I miss you (I've since moved to Boston). I would eat their spinach and artichoke dip everyday if it was socially acceptable... Best barbecue chicken pizza ever!!
4	The menu seemed run of the mill for a pizza place, but then again, there are only so many combinations of pizza toppings you can have. The thing that makes this place better than others is their willingness to sub regular cheese with vegan cheese. A huge plus for two traveling vegans.The beer list was better than most pizza places I've been too. Very nice selection.I just wish this place had a location back home in Florida.
4	I don't much like the look of this place - I never would have ventured in were it not for the positive yelp reviews - but they serve some pretty good pizza.  I have eaten trillions of pizzas.  Maybe more, I lost count.  And I'm not a a purist or a dogmatic devotee to any particular variety of pizza.  I grew up in Chicago, where I was weaned on deep dish, pan, and thin crust pizzas.  I lived in NYC for years, and tasted some of the finest thin crust on the planet.  (for the record, my favorites are DiFara's in Brooklyn and Coalfire, a relatively young pizza joint in Chicago).Brixx does a fine job of the thin crust.  We had a wild mushroom pie and their pear and gorgonzola variety for kicks.  Both were pretty tasty.    I'll go back for more whenever the opportunity arises.But here's what they could do a little better:Get that oven hotter, and change the flour blend so that there's a crispness to the bottom and edges of the crust.  There's an axiom for thin crust pizza that goes something like, "if that shit don't crack, that shit is whack."  So, when the pizza is folded, the bottom of the crust should crack.  Ditto for the edge of the crust.  (Allowances can be made for pizzas that have been ordered with soggy ingredients that necessarily soak through the crust, like spinach, ricotta, etc.)Brixx's pizza did not exhibit cracking anywhere.  It was cooked only to the point of being bread-like.  Still tasty enough, but not quite there.  I hate to sound snotty about this, but I think it really adds to the pizza when parts of the crust have been cooked almost to the point of burning.  That crunch and underlying chewiness is irresistible.Also, the mushroom pizza was finished with a sprinkling of what appeared to be shaved romano and a tossing of arugula, but when that was added, the pizza had been allowed to cool to the point where the romano didn't melt at all, and the arugula didn't wilt.  The result was a bit like having a salad on top of a pizza.Pizza aside, they offer local beers, at least one NC wine, and have eco-friendly waterless urinals in the men's room (I applaud the effort, though that probably won't be the highlight of the review).Next time I go in, I'll see it they can crispify my pie.
2	It's slipped. I was a huge Brixx fan back in the day but it's just not up to par now. Bruschetta was stale over-toasted bread with marinated tomatoes. Salad was somewhat wilted greens drenched in dressing. Interior deserves a renovation. I hope they make it, but just think customers expect more, especially now.
3	The beer selection is wonderful, including some great local brews.  Sadly it was 11:30am on a Thursday so we couldn't partake.  I had the Chicken Florentine pizza. It was missing some zing, I found it rather bland, but I'm a sucker for anything involving feta.  My boyfriend had the chipotle bbq chicken and loved it.
4	Crispy flat crust, fresh tasting ingredients.  Artichoke/pesto/tomato pizza was excellent, highly recommended for the veggie minded or the plain old I like a tasty slice of pizza minded.  The chicken/sun dried tomato pizza was just ok.  And DO get a beer sampler - $4.50 for I think it was five samples of brew, which can be a steal if you pick your brews well.  Overall it totals up to over a pint. They had great Oktoberfest choices and several options of the wheat, pale, and hoppy variety (ahhh).
4	Brixx= Primetime Happy Hour. Working in the ITC, this is a primo location for a place with 15 different beers on tap. Walk across the street from work, stumble back out with immediate access to the "train." Can't go wrong.Gotsta order the BBQ Chicken Pizza. There's no better drunk food in Charlotte. Last night, got shwasted off their special (you get a free glass when you order a special) and munched on some BBQ Chicken Pizza. I stumbled down 6th, hoping not to get hit by stray bullets coming from the Breakfast Club and made my way into my apartment. Definitely go to Brixx with coworkers, sit at the bar, and watch PTI. It's a good time, I promise.
4	Consistently good food, good service, friendly staff.
3	Went here with my sisters while I was visiting Charlotte. One sister got a salad that was a good size while my other sister and I got two individual pizzas to share. We had enough with some leftovers- could have really gotten one and shared. I thought I was more hungry then I really was. We sat outside but got put at a table that was more shade then sun and in october it was chilly in the shade. Overall attentive staff and good food.
3	For a casual happy hour type place, Brixx is alright. I was here in a party of 12, and was able to sample a lot of the menu. And it was pretty decent... even for this Chicago pizza loving girl. Their zza is more flatbread style, which is great because you feel like you can eat a lot more. Bonus points for having a whole wheat crust option! I tried seven or eight varieties, and recommend their quattro formaggio and mushroom and arugula.  For those who like traditional margherita pizza, do not order the one here. You will be disappointed as it is basically a cheese pizza with tomato and basil. While Brixx is a pizza and beer place, they also have delicious appetizers. I swear I could eat a whole order of their gorgonzola blue potato chips by myself. Yes. Please. But the real winner here is their desserts. The pumpkin tiramisu and chocolate mousse cakes were fantastic.Prices are super reasonable.
4	Definitely a fan of Brixx.  I haven't had a bad pizza in here yet - and it doesn't seem like I will.  One of the perks of being downtown is going to Brixx for lunch... but definitely a great dinner place as well.  It's located underneath 7th street station parking deck so there is always plenty of parking.Haven't really gone here to drink, but they have a good selection of beers to go alone with your pizza.  Looks like the place has a full bar as well.There is outdoor seating for when it is warmer and the wait staff are pretty friendly.When I was here last Saturday, they were having trivia - which looked fun.  May try it sometime.
2	Average to mediocre pizza.  I had a beer and the Bronx Bomber and never tasted a pizza this salty before.  And if the oven is wood fired they are doing it a grave injustice with the dough they use for the crust. It was sort of pasty white and bland with absolutely no character to it.  I know it is my personal bias but I prefer a crust that has some big air bubbles and an oven hot enough to char it just a bit All in all I was disappointed by the food.  The two stars are because of the good service.
4	Drinks: Huge draft beer selection, everyone in the group ordered beer sampler (up to 4 beers). Loved it.Appetizers: Spinach and Artichoke dip (was good)Wood Fired Pita Chips and Three Dips (was ok)Best of all was the Brixx chips. Purple colored chips tossed with goat cheese and spicy sauce on the side.Entrees:Jerk chicken pizzaMexican pizzaBronx Bomber pizzaBuffalo ChickenBrixx saladAll the pizzas were good but I personally loved Bronx Bomber.Dessert:Tiramisu: Will be definitely in my favorites dessert ever eaten. Very moist and I still think of it's taste. Perfect size for sharing. I loved it.Decor: Nothing fancy.Bottom line: Will go back not for their pizza but for beer, chips and Tiramisu.
4	Let me start by saying that I am not a fan of wood-fired or California type pizza.  My pizza preferences are mid-western and Buffalo style - not too thin, not too thick, nice and greasy, and baked in a deck oven.  However, I love Brixx pizza.  I have been to this location at least 50 times, usually before or after Checkers games.  The menu is simple.  It's mostly personal size woodfired pizzas which can be altered.  You can get their pies on wheat crust, you can get vegan cheese, and they now even have gluten free pizza.  The pizza and toppings are delicious and are fresh cooked.  I really like the pear and Gorgonzola one, although it's not always on the menu.  The rest of the menu offers some very good salads, some decent wraps, and a few pasta dishes.  I tend not to order the pasta before going to games because it's too much to eat - the pizas, sandwiches, and salads are perfect.  They have a small but respectable beer slection with different specials every day.  They usually have something from Olde Mecklenburg Brewery which is good too.  They have beer flights too if you want to try several different beers.The service has always been good to excellent here (last time it was excellent).  The manager who has worked here for the past year or so seems to know how to run this place and is a nice guy.  Even if you're not a fan of this style of pizza, Brixx is a cool place to have a decent meal.
4	Went their for the Four Friends Cask Event.  Had a blast!  Me and a bunch of my friends went.  It was crowded - there was a Bobcats game that night too - tons of people eating great food and drinking great local brew.  Management is friendly and staff in attentive.I ordered the Americo (classic pepperoni and mushroom pizza)  this is my favorite and I ate all but two slices!I recommend this place as an early evening launching spot before hitting the other places downtown.
4	Been here on many happy hours and I love their beer specials and BOGO pizza deals. Absolutely love their spicy shrimp topping pizza and occasionally try the bbq chicken pizza. Have been with large groups as well and wait staff is very accommodating and friendly. Definitely recommend going here if you feel like grabbing a beer and sharing pizza in a laid back atmosphere.
4	Really. Good. Pizza.  Great variety of beer and wine.  If you are in downtown, and want a good meal, eat here.
4	I was here this past weekend for a charity event.  It was absolutely packed and the bartenders were working extra hard.  I mean literally breaking a sweat!    Despite it being very crowded, the restaurant stayed clean and cool!  We ordered a Margarita pizza which was freaking delicious.  Every ingredient was fresh and tasty.  Even the mozzerella was fresh, not the shredded typical stuff.  I would definitely order this pizza again.  Although this time I did not order a salad, I have in the past ordered the Brixx Salad and it is also quite excellent.  The price point is nice on the wallet.  Our pizza was $9.95 and can easily serve 2 people for dinner.  In terms of atmosphere, it is more casual but in a classy, Italian way, not a sports bar type of way.  I will be going back for sure!
5	5 Stars now after the last few visits.  I went in Monday and asked what the beer special was.  They said "$2 domestics" which nomally means Bud, Bud Light, etc but not here - almost every beer made in the USA (except for a couple of high gravity ones) were $2.  This includes OMB, Skull Coast, Four Friends, Highland Gaelic, etc.  Tuesday all Charlotte beers are $2.50, and Sunday all NC beers are $2.50 (plus wine is 1/2 price bottles).  The service has been very good too.  So 4 stars for the food, 5 stars for the beer and service.
3	Brixx, it's time I came clean. I'm using you. You're just somewhere I go when I'm desperate and it's late at night. Your BOGO pizza and apps are a good deal, and let's face it - you're close to me. But I just want you to know that when Charlotte has more places open late Mon-Thur, I WILL start going to those places and I will not miss you. So let's just keep our thing at what it is right now, but please don't leave your menu on my take out box again, OK?
4	Super fast service!!!  I love all the Brixx locations and this one is no exception.  Yes it is a little not-so-glamorous to have the patio view of a parking garage and street but it is so convenient since it is right on 6th street Uptown.  I have never had a bad thing on the menu - the Pesto Chicken Salad is what I had here recently and it was delish!!!  Candied walnuts really make the difference.  Super fresh fruit on the salad - it was so much I couldnt finish it all!  Great prices and awesome service!Park at the 7th Street station and they will validate you!!!
4	Most of the time I've been to Brixx is because they're having some sort of craft beer event. Yesterday I had a couple of meetings in the downtown area about an hour apart so I decided to stop by and have a couple of beers and a pizza.The place was deserted but what do you expect for 2pm on a Thursday. My waitress was friendly and attentive. My food came out fast and my beers were poured cold. That visit was good.In previous visits we've had some major issues with our waitstaff not having even the most remote clue about craft beer. It's always been a pet peeve of mine that craft beer venues do not hire people who know what the heck it is they're serving.This is the biggest problem I have with Brixx. Aside from that the food is pretty good and the atmosphere is your typical downtown crowd. On weekends it gets incredibly and uncomfortably packed.I also think it is totally awesome of them to be involve din RAIN's Amazing Bar Crawl which got the the 4th star in my book.Overall you won't be disappointed. Pretty solid place to hang out, eat some good pizza and drink some good beer.
3	This location doesn't deserve as well as others simply because the service leaves quite a bit to the imagination.  I went with a party of 10, and my pizza was the only one that was burnt. Not a big deal. Except after 15 minutes of waiting on the waitress to come back, a friend had to go get her attention. She didn't ask if I wanted another one or even offer to comp my meal. Instead, she decided to slam the burnt pizza down on the server's station nearby and ignore me the rest of the time. The manager on duty was incredibly nice and even gave my whole group a discount as well as a voucher for me to come back. All I wanted was a fresh pizza, but his generosity made me actually want to come back.
5	DIDNT HAVE A BITE OF FOOD.. BELLS 2 HEARTED ALE ON DRAFT? in charlotte? best decision all day, brilliant IPA..Need I say more
4	Another spot on my list of consistency... :DThis is in a prime location for me before any event at Time Warner Cable Arena. I go in, order my always delicious Bronx Bomber pizza, eat & am on my way. Maybe the staff is trained in knowing who's in a hurry vs. those that have no where to be.My pizza always comes out perfect. The thin crust is never burnt, toppings are plentiful & well distributed. The sauce is light, which is extremely important to me.Yes, it's crowded & thankfully has a mix of people between the downtown workers, sports fans, families, couples, or groups.Service is quick & friendly.
4	Always a great spot for dinner and a beer.They have a great selection of draft beers, and some amazing specials.  Mondays every beer is $1.95!  They have $2.50 and $3 specials most weeknights, too.I love that every pizza on the menu can be completely customized, and they won't charge you an extra buck for an extra topping or whatever.  A few of my favorites after visiting this location over the past 8 or so years:Pear and Gorgonzola pizza - this is SO GOOD.  I often order a side of marinara to dip the crust in to get that tomato taste I often crave with pizza, since this one is an olive oil base, and not traditional sauce.Mexican pizza, no meat, with extra black beans - They never put enough black beans on it, but it's a fantastic pizza!The new Fiesta pizza is also really good.  I like to add sour creme to it.  I was skeptical of a corn salsa on pizza, but I really like it a lot!  It's got good heat in the red pepper pesto.
3	Thoroughly unremarkable pizza but good beer selection earns Brixx an extra star.My bbq pizza's crust was just kind of dry and tasteless. But I could drink Stone beer among other brews I like so Brixx isn't a lost cause.
4	Buffalo chicken was excellent.
4	Another great experience at Brixx!  Dropped in here for dinner last night and for the first time I actually tried their wood fired chicken salad.  It was perfect! Balsamic dressing, chestnuts, and great grilled chicken really stood out along with the goat cheese.  They serve the salads in chilled bowls and that's my favorite presentation for a salad.  The contrast of the cool greens with the warm chicken was superb.Service was great and we had several visits to our table to see how things were going.  Another great little surprise wall Bell's Two Hearted on draught here! SCORE!
5	Love the pizza, the atmosphere, and location.  The Buffalo chicken pizza is my favorite and the Pita chips and 3 dips are great appetizers.  The beer selection is great, with lots of craft beer on draft.  It's a great place to eat, drink, relax, and watch sports for a reasonable price.  They also have a great late night happy hour specials.  They used to offer an MBA (masters of beer appreciation) there, but unfortunately, I think that got discontinued.
4	Food was good, service was good also. Not very busy.
4	This place is a good restaurant to go to with a bunch of friends since there is plenty of seating. We came here to watch the NBA Finals. The beer was pretty cheap and the pizza was tasty. Got the mushroom pizza but with goat cheese instead of mozzarella and they had no problems with switching it out. I really like the pizza crust here - chewy and not soggy. Ser
3	Maybe I have ate at Brixx to many times, maybe I am to much of a pizza snob. Is Brixx good? sure. Is it great? No not by any means. They do have semi creative pizza on their menu but ive never had anything that flat out wowed me. I usually go for the Bronx Bomber because I like the prosciutto. My favorite part about Brixx though is being able to get a flight of beer and how it seems their beer is always changing up so I can always get something new.
5	Missed my connecting flight in Charlotte and was told this was a good place for a late night bite and a beer. Completely true. Spot on. Cool atmosphere, good draft selection and tasty, creative pizza. Hit it up
3	Made my first visit to Brixx this past Friday night. Boy, it was a madhouse! Very loud and very limited seating inside. I managed to get an inside table thanks to a large group leaving eventually. The pizza I ordered was ok. Nothing too memorable though. My waiter was great though.
2	The pizzas my husband and I ordered were mediocre.  They were pretty greasy and I had the impression they had been sitting around for a while and just heated up before they were brought out to us.  I think this place is overpriced for the quality of food they serve.  The waitstaff was attentive.  I don't think we'll return.
4	Food - two stars. Brixx has okay pizza, but I honestly don't see what the big deal is. Portions of appetizers are usually too big/calorie-laden for me and my party. Seems more catered to the obesity epidemic.Beer - four stars. Excellent and diverse selection of local craft beers on tap. And - oh muh guh! - they have an awesome late night happy hour!Service - five stars. This is really the only reason for this review. Because of the late night happy hour and the fact that my friends and I usually get off work around 10 at night, we find ourselves at Brixx fairly frequently. The staff at this particular Brixx is SO accommodating and nice. They are always happy to throw a few tables together, provide prompt service, and give us separate checks - no hesitation or questions asked. These guys really deserve a freakin' medal for their awesomeness.So, if you want a great late night happy hour, good beer or (for some reason) crave mediocre pizza with some of the best servers in town, come check out this Brixx.
4	I was looking for a place to kill a few hours in Uptown, and Brixx fit the bill perfectly. They've got an awesome patio, delicious eats, and friendly service: what more could you need? I was the only person there for the majority of my stay, but they didn't seem to mind. The patio had plenty of space to spread out (I was toting luggage and a computer) and they checked up on me just the right amount of times. The garlic knots were decent, nothing mindblowing, and the salad I ordered was huge and flavorful. Brixx isn't doing anything super trendy or memorable, but what they do, they do well.
4	The Brixx location near the Time Warner Cable Arena gets two thumbs up from me! Stopped in for lunch before the Charlotte Checkers home opener and we were seated right away. Very convenient to park and walk between the arena and here. I had been to Brixx a few times before I was gluten free and have always been interested in trying their gluten free pizza. I was pretty impressed with their gluten free menu overall. It was very specific and easy to read. They offer not one, not two but THREE gluten free bottled beers, and I'm not talking cider here. Actual GF beer. I ordered the wood roasted vegetable pizza and it was quite yummy. Huge portion, I actually shared it with my non GF friend who only ordered a salad. They also cooked it in it's own pan, I'm guessing to help avoid contamination. I was a bit of a problem child. I asked our server for the gluten free menu and then ordered a pizza but I think I forgot to specify that I wanted it gluten free. Totally my mistake, I always try to be 100% clear when ordering and specifying the gluten free option when there is one. So I received a pizza that looked very similar to one of my other friends, and I asked. It was not gluten free. Our server Chad was very nice about it, took it away and got a new pizza started. The manager then brought me a side salad so I wouldn't feel "left out" while my friends ate. I made sure to tell him that it was not the servers fault (I was afraid he'd get in trouble!) and that I would gladly pay for the non GF pizza. He was very understanding and did not charge me for the salad or the extra pizza. So thanks Brixx for being awesome to this gluten free girl who was a bit lazy when ordering!
3	I want to love this place more than I do. It was fine but really nothing special. I love that they allow you to do half and half on the pizzas and they are fine just nothing that blew my socks off. $3 margaritas were good, service was good. Everything was just solid.
4	There had been approximately a four year hiatus between my visits to Brixx. Despite the extended time between visits, i always considered it a 3-star establishment. However, i've changed quite a bit over this time and upon my return to Brixx, i found they have always had what i never knew i would someday want. For one, they have a solid beer selection. i've always drank beer and they always have some beer on special for $3 (New Castle last time in)  which used to be all i require. Nowadays i'm a little craftier than i used to be and they satisfy with a good selection of local beers along with some nationwide favorites. Also, $1.95 domestic drafts on Monday.The other great thing about Brixx is the fact that they offer Vegan cheese. After trying vegan pizza one time at Mellow Mushroom, i was kind of turned off. Fortunately i tried again because i think i've had it probably 5 times in the past month. Love it here. We've done the wood-roasted vegetable and a modified Mexican and will order both again. With the wood-roasted vegetable, i like to get a side of marinara for some crust dipping action. This might be why they don't get 5 stars. i don't think i've had a server remember to bring my side of marinara. Not a huge deal, but every time? i also recommend the hummus plate as a starter. Their black bean hummus is really good.  You can park in the 7th street garage and they will validate at the hostess stand, so no need to fret about finding parking. Apparently vegan options and good beer is all i need in life these days.
3	So I was looking for a place to eat my last meal in Charlotte and this restaurant came up on my phone. So i figured give it a try, I went in there and was great by the host. I checked out the menu and they had a list of different pizzas. I wanted to try two different ones and they said they can put half and half on a whole pizza. So i was like COOL! The pizza came out but it was on a plate, which was pretty small. If your going to eat a dinner there or a main course that was pretty small like an appetizer. I ate there Italian one and there chicken garlic one on the other half. Portions were pretty small and I wish i had a bigger portion for a main course.
3	Glutard friendly for both beer and pizza.
3	Lots happening in downtown Charlotte St. Patrick's weekend, and this place was packed.  The hostess told us we could not sit outside but we could sit by the window "which is the same thing" - huh? Great beer selection and a very good Greek salad. The wild mushroom and arugula pizza was "missing" something.  The crust was chewy and not tough but the toppings were bland and I didn't see a wild mushroom anywhere on the plate (just white button). The server charged us for the wrong check. 24 hours later both charges are still on my Amex.  Just an average lunch stop.
4	This is one of the few decent pizza places in Uptown Charlotte.  I have been here a handful of times with coworkers this past year.  They cook in a wood oven, and it seems to make the pizza taste that much better!  My favorite specialty pizzas are:- The Bronx Bomber: traditional red tomato base pizza with sausages & prosiutto (This is probably my favorite and will keep getting this one) - Hawaiian: pizza with pineapples & prosciutto - 4x4: four cheeses & four meats (very filling if you are hungry)As for anything else like sandwiches or salads I have not really tired, but if you do decide to come here you have to try the pizza at least once!  On a side note they have a great selection of beers on draft for any beer fanatics.  For all the times I have been here I have not had any trouble with seating or the timeliness/attentiveness of their wait staff.  I will definitely be back here sometime in the near future! ENJOY!
2	I came here with a group of friends before going to the Checkers game, a group of 6 people. We were sat in a booth that was a little cramped, but the place was busy so we didn't mind. Being an after work event, our group got there in 3 waves. From the time we sat down until the last person got there was probably 10 minutes. The waitress was so impatient. As soon as the last person sat down she came over and asked if we knew what we wanted to eat. Well... yes some of us that had been there knew, but the one who just sat down (my husband) had not even had the chance to look at the menu. From there it only went downhill. I got the impression she was angry with us because she was just not very nice. She didn't come back to the table after that for 20 minutes. I got the Fresh House Made Mozzarella Sandwich and it was just a sad sandwich. It sounded so good, but the ingredients were wimpy. There wasn't enough tomato (which were not ripe) to cover the bread, and there were maybe 2 shreds of onion. There was nothing fresh about it. I also ordered an Angry Orchard Cider (not on the menu) which I had to ask if there were any ciders. The waitress did not say the price but beware they are $5.75. Too expensive in my mind for that drink (but what could I do at that point?). The location is convenient, but I would much rather go to Queen City Q.
4	It was late & nothing was open. Or so it seemed. A staff member at my hotel recommended this place. I'm glad I came. I ordered the Americo, simple pepperoni, mushrooms (I added olives,) it was fresh & delicious. I didn't catch her name but a pretty blonde lady was taking care of everything, very nice & fast which I appreciated. I'd like to try other menu items if I'm still in town.
5	My daughter's soccer team was in Charlotte for the weekend.  We were looking for a restaurant for our team dinner on a Saturday night at 7:00pm, party of 45.  Brixx was more than accommodating.  Service was excellent, food was fantastic and the girls loved the Saturday night Trivia contest.  Highly recommend Brixx, can't wait for the new one to open back home in East Cobb.
2	Meh...I don't get it. Brixx just didn't do it for me. A girlfriend and I stopped in Sunday afternoon. The place wasn't too busy and we were greeted with the good news that they offer $3 mimosas! The mimosas were good. But that's where the good stops...unfortunately. Yeah, the prices were reasonable but I just wasn't a fan of the food. And for me I'd rather pay more to get better tasting food. I ordered the Americo pizza which comes with pepperoni, mushrooms, mozzarella, and tomato sauce. I didn't like the crust, or the sauce and it arrived lukewarm. Ugh. No thank you Brixx...I'll stick to other pizza joints to satisfy my pizza needs.
3	Saturday night dinner at 8:30 pm. The place was busy but no wait for seating. After being seated it took about 10 minutes for a waitress to stop by our table just to tell us she would be with us soon. When we finally placed our orders the pizza came out of the kitchen very quickly. (Not brought by the waitress - but a kitchen staff member) The pizza was very tasty, my husband tried the Thai Chicken and I had the pear and Gorgonzola. We both enjoyed our pizza however it took a long time for drink refills etc. So overall if you like unique pizzas, are patient and not in a hurry you might enjoy Brixx.
5	Great wood oven baked pizzas (you can watch them make it in front of you in the very clean kitchen) and Karissa and Laurel are friendly and attentive bartenders.  Great parking (an obsession of many in the uptown area).  Gets crowded before and after arena events but (1) it's right next to the arena and (2) they can handle the crowd.
3	I wavered between two and three stars.  I think truthfully this is a 2.5 star place.   Nothing totally objectionable or inedible, but just not my bag.  I've been to Brixx up in Birkdale and I remember liking my salad.  I was brand new to the area and my Realtor took me there one day after looking at apartments.  Maybe I was too focused on apartment hunting to remember it clearly, but I remember liking my salad from Birkdale.I've eaten at the uptown place twice.  Both on Saturday nights while partaking in the free trivia they offer.  Four stars for trivia, but I digress.  The first time I had a salad and bread sticks.  The bread sticks were weird.  Not a fan and I love anything vaguely resembling dough!  The salad was unremarkable.  Not good, not bad, just kinda average.  I've had better salads at Panera.  Anywho, I tried a pizza the 2nd time.  Again it was just meh, I've had some frozen pizzas that were better.  But in the same vein I've had way worse experiences.    Will I return to Brixx in uptown....sure, I love me some trivia.  But I may just drink (responsibly of course!)....don't know that I'll try the food b/c it just doesn't blow me away and both times I came away sightly disappointed.Shout out to my server from the last time - wish I could remember her name.  Well, Brixx validates parking and somehow I lost my ticket. I went back to the garage and attempted to pull a ticket on foot, but damn garage ticket dispensers are smart.  They won't dispense a ticket w/o sensing a car is present.  Anyway I asked my server what Brixx could do b/c I was genuinely afraid of how I'd get my car out past the gates. My server gave me her ticket, validated and everything.  That was beyond.  Maybe she was conning me to get a bigger tip, but I don't care...I made sure she was taken care of.  I think my bill was $13 or so for my pizza, but I tipped her an extra $5.  She was the bomb.ETA - Ok I changed my review from 2 stars to 3 b/c my server was awesome.  She went above and beyond.  It appears as if management reads these reviews so I really wish I remembered her name b/c she deserves kudos.  Maybe they'll figure it out/remember me (it was the night of the big Bruce Springsteen concert across the street at Time Warner).  If not, well all I can say is the service is always great and for that I'll fondly remember Brixx in uptown.
5	To my dearest Dylan,I saw you from across the restaurant and I knew you were a five star kind of guy but little did I know I was about to get five star service! Most people are made up of 70% water, yours is sparking, like San Pellingrino. The good stuff. You are a true angel. Thank you for that side of caramel and the Caribbean Lemonade recommendation. Take all my money. Take everything Dylan. You already took my breath away. Dylan? More like Lady Killin'! Miss you already...Sincerely, Your two humble patrons.
2	I might not have liked the wood fried Pizza. Loved the starters though but not all. Three cheese was good (liked only two of them) and the bread sticks. In general pizza was ok.
4	This is our first time coming to Brixx and we really enjoyed it. We ordered the Pear and Gorgonzola and the Bronx Bomber. The  Pear and Gorgonzola was unique. The Bronz Bomber had good flavor and a nice balance of ingredients. Personally I would have like them to be a little more crispy. But, that's just a personal preference. What I really liked was that the manager came to each table to introduce himself and make sure the customers were happy. It's rare to see managers touch tables! Great customer service and great food
5	I absolutely LOVE the bronx bomber and the chilli they offer both great choices ! I eat here alot and it never fails to disappoint .. great salads the server knows my favorite "supreme like" pizza ... they always give me healthy suggestions and alternatives to try. I love it. Very convenient and quick.. great atmosphere.  Some of the lunch staff could do a better job with timeliness and checking on the customers.
1	I'd like to say it's a relative thing (I've had LOTS of really good and different types of pizza) but this was an ABSOLUTE thing - just really bad.  We had two pizzas - a classic (it was fine) and a new-age (Buffalo chicken).  The problems: crust had zero flavor, the ingredients covered MAYBE 30% of the surface and maybe that was a good thing because they too lacked any real flavor.And then there was the service - incredible slow with lots of excuses (sorry - the bar got really crazy....and there was nothing crazy about it).The only thing good was the above par beer list which we were forced to wait FOREVER to get our beer.  Bizarre.DON"T GO HERE!
5	Great location and nice staff, management and Super owners. Its always clean and they are prompt. Working downtown we eat lunch and eating weekends or special event. THIS location is Great.
4	Jerk chicken pizza was excellent. Bomber was good but the fresh oregano over powered everything else. Great beer selection. Service was good.
4	Good food at the right prise. The wait staff was friendly and helpful when ordering. Enjoy the night and eat outside!
1	Where to start ? The food is bad and overpriced,, I love pizza and will gladly pay extra for great pie butt. Brixx is not the case!
4	Brixx will have many different types of thin crust pizza's. The flavors are different and varried but they have a huge selection for you to try out.I got the Bronx which was pretty awesome.I will have to stop by again and try there other items on the menu whichever looked and smelled great.
