4	This is by far one of my favorite hotels to stay in Montreal whenever I visit - everything from the lobby to the rooms are finely decorated and the staff on hand are ready and willing to serve.I especially like the fact the hotel is on the taller scale so you can request a room with a gorgeous city view and have fun looking down through the bubbled room windows. Or get sick if you have a fear of heights. Cut to my mother clinging to the bathroom walls for dear life.The location is great - right near public transportation, restaurants, and St. Catherine Street - be careful walking down this at night with your little brother as he may start staring at topless women on billboards...awk.
4	Good clean hotel with a friendly staff. Our flight arrived at 8:30am and we stopped by the hotel just to drop off our bags until check in but were pleasantly surprised when the receptionist offered to check on a room availability and did find one so they get points for that. Our room was on the fourth floor so we did not get to enjoy the view that Jeffrey H. did, I would definitely recommend requesting one on the upper floors.The doorman was very good as far as letting us know where things were and how much a cab ride would cost.The gym and swimming pool weren't much to write home about but that's not why I went to Montreal, I have those at home.The location is good, not in the middle of everything but a convenient walk away to Old Montreal and St. Catherine.
5	I stayed at the Marriott Chateau Champlain last weekend, and I couldn't have asked for a better hotel. It was smack dab in the center of Montreal, within walking distance of rue Sainte-Catherine and all the shops, restaurants, and bars. We were able to walk around Montreal to the piers, Chinatown, old Montreal, etc. pretty easily from here. Not a SHORT walk to the piers (maybe 30 minutes?), but doable. Montreal is a great walking city, with lots of beautiful architecture and things to see and do, so the hotel was in an excellent location.Concierge was great and accomodating, and the view from our room was beautiful. Would absolutely stay here again.
4	While a hotel is a hotel is a hotel, I do appreciate the little things that a hotel does to make itself unique. I think this one does enough to make itself stand out.The location is fantastic. I was just a few blocks away from where I needed to be, and it's right on top of a Metro station. Old Montreal is a heft walk (or very cheap cab ride if you don't feel like braving the elements).The rooms have a unique design, with the out-facing wall bowing with a curved window, making the room feel a bit more like a B&B room rather than a standard four wall hotel room. The bed was comfortable and the pillows firm (which I appreciate).The WiFi was readily accessible in the room, and for the most part was "fast enough", but certainly nothing that could be considered blazing speed. The one issue I did have with it is it wasn't accessible from the bar. Since I don't have a Canadian data plan (and I break out into hives if I go 5 minutes without internet access) I found that a bit of a drag.Beyond that, it is still just another hotel. The bonus star is because the rooms made it feel a little less like I was in a hotel.
3	Tired property in need of a major make over, but the concierge level food and drinks help make the visit comfortable.Free WI FI for gold members only.
3	Apparently they are renovating some of the rooms so when you approach the hotel, the first things you notice are matresses piled up in the lower windows. To me it looks like they are planning for a major distaster. Stayed there twice in the past two months. The housekeeping staff is super-nice. It's like they hovered outside of my room waiting for me to take off the "do not disturb" and were thrilled when they could come in and tidy. Concierge lounge is nice although they charge for drinks and are closed on the weekends.
5	I was assigned a class for Hitachi Data Systems in Montreal a couple of weeks ago. The training was to be conducted at the ExitCertified office in the Sun Life Building downtown, so I chose this hotel. The Marriott Chateau Champlain is only two blocks from the office. It's also two blocks away from Centre Bell, the arena where the Montreal Canadiens of the NHL play.The rooms are a bit smaller than newer Marriotts, but not as bad as some of the "boutique" hotels, like the Courtyard on E34th in Manhattan, where a king bed fills the room.Workstation space pretty much what you expect from a Marriott.Because of my Platinum status with Marriott, I was given access to the concierge lounge on the 31st floor. Similar view to what I had from the room, just a bit higher up. I didn't eat in any of the hotel restaurants on this trip, but the bar/grill appeared to be busy most of the time I was there. Five elevators service the rooms, and I didn't experience any major waits.Overall, a comfortable, non-complicated experience.
4	stayed here twice and have had a great time bothelevator access to metro underneath.  quick walk to bell centre.valets very nice and attentivethis second trip was personally magical so that may have skewed my rating4 stars no wifi :(
3	Pros: The location is fantastic.  Easy metro access, and easy walk to parks, shopping, and Old Montreal.  The desk staff was very friendly.  We had a view of Place du Canada and it was outstanding.  I liked the window shape.  The price was good.  We did have in-room free wi-fi and had no issues with it.Cons: It's outdated.  The bathroom was painfully small.  The water temp - I had to practically put it on cold just to not scald myself.  The shower head was like one where you could adjust from normal shower stream to a shooting stream, but it was stuck in between and you couldn't adjust it.  The pool area was horrible.  The hot tub was way too hot for human use and the pool was very warm (not refreshing at all, but probably nice in the winter?) and dirty.  Looked like a wad of gum stuck to a railing, huge hair clumps by the stairs.  I was skeeved the whole time we were in it.
4	Really nice rooms and great views! The location is fantastic, with it being right near Downtown Montreal and a 10-minute walk away from Old Montreal. It's also right beside Metro Station Bonaventure and Montreal Grand Central Station, making getting around really convenient.The room amenities are great. (Who doesn't love free wi-fi?) The mini-bar is stocked with awesome snacks and drinks, which come at a small price, but whatevs.The only complaints that I have are regarding the TV in our room, which had a remote with no batteries in it, and the concierge desk, for which there was no concierge. Overall, though, a really nice hotel.
5	This is an excellent place to stay in downtown Montreal! The staff is friendly and very helpful! The accommodations are  clean and well maintained. The view of downtown is great. The location is superb! You have a metro stop that can be accessed without even leaving the building (just take the elevator down to it) and the train station is less than 2 blocks away.  Our stay here was a wonderful experience all around!
4	it may look like a cheese grater, but this is really a great hotel in Montreal. I'm so glad we ended up here thanks to an awesome price on Expedia (unlisted room rates FTMFW)!location-wise, it's excellent. access to the Metro system (orange line) and the Underground City right in the hotel basement. Gare Centrale (Central Station) is a 5 minute walk away, helpful if you come in by train. the neighborhood isn't the most exciting, but it's very safe (all hotels and office buildings). Saint Catherine Street is a 5 minute walk way too, with a metric buttload (you ARE in Canada, remember) of options for eating, drinking, and shopping.the staff were helpful and friendly. we got in town late so the only room left had 2 beds in it, but they gave us the option of relocating in the morning. didn't take them up on that, since sightseeing and getting food are higher priorities, but we appreciated the offer.rooms are modest and quite clean, with fairly decent views out to the city. free wifi in all rooms, nice TVs, and comfortable beds. there's a good pool, a small hot tub, a nice little fitness room to go BEAST MODE in, and they have a masseuse. how positively decadent!overall, a great hotel to stay in if you can get a good deal on rates. I would certainly stay here again. odd coincidence that on my previous trips here I always stayed at the Hilton right next door.
5	This hotel is great all the employs as nice as they can get. Real NHL players stay there i got autographs from the San Jose Sharks and from old NHL legends. There is a AMAZING RESTAURANT THERE and great stores. A huge underground mall and a great view of a park next store. The Bell Center and a little walk away. Hope to be back for my next hockey tournament!
4	Good normal run of the mill marriott hotel. Wifi not free to all residents, depends on your deal! Great location for Montreal, short walk from station, old town, china town etc. Good bar.
4	A beautiful hotel with an incredible staff! The staff all around were very warm and helpful, we made friends at the front desk, the restaurant, the bar and with the bell hops. The food (bar and breakfast buffet) was delicious, surprisingly so for a hotel. The hotel was clean and comfortable; the only gripe being the stiff beds. Chateau Champlain was perfectly centrally located just blocks from Rue St. Catherine and Rue St. Laurence - both hotbeds of activity! Thew view of the skyline with Mont Real in the background wasn't a bad view to wake up to every morning either!
2	Anytime that your favorite part of a hotel stay was the water pressure in the shower, you know that the hotel didn't provide anything worth writing home about.  Let's break down the Marriott Chateau Champlain experience, and the reason for a 2 star rating:Pros:- Water pressure in the shower- Beautiful views of Montreal (if given a high floor room)Cons:- Perhaps this is just the French-Canadian stereotype playing itself out, but the front desk staff were not helpful at all.  Ever get that feeling the person "helping" you out would rather be doing anything but helping you out?  That's how I felt there.- The rooms with the double beds were tiny.  As in this is what I would expect in Manhattan tiny.  But it isn't Manhattan.  And for the price you pay, I expect to have enough room to not have to squeeze in like a sardine.- No toilet paper rack.  Seriously, WTF?  What Marriott property stacks a roll of toilet paper on your toilet, and makes you unroll when you shit?  Weird.- Location is close to St. Catherine's, but far from Old Montreal, St. Denis etc.  It's in an isolated part of town.Summary:Don't expect a high end hotel experience, despite what you are paying for your hotel room.
2	After staying in Marriotts in more than a dozen places, this one gets the least favorite tag.First impression - outdated - faded carpets,clunky feel.The staff - unlike most Marriotts, I personally felt the staff was curt and the interactions left an unpleasant memory. The only other Marriott that I can remember with a few curt interactions was the one in Paris.If you get a room on one of the upper floors, the view out of the semi-circular arched window is good.The room in itself was okay - the bed was comfortable, but the room felt a little small, and the bathroom had a dated look and had just enough room to move about.Location - There is a metro located in the building.Concierge - the folks here were extremely nice and helpful.The bar/lounge - The server who attended to us was very nice - a big deal after the otherwise so not $$$ worth stay here. The worst part - The complimentary breakfast is a sham! A cup of coffee n a croissant is their continental breakfast! U can't take cereals or fruits instead. If someone is kind enough to let u substitute d croissant for cereals,mind u, only one bowl of cereals. if u take one more of their only available 'small sized cup' of cereals, they dump a $9 on you! For a hotel that charges you $$$, and inspite of being a whatever status here, shame on them for imposing such an unbecoming experience on us! Ruined our day!What made it worse was the way the duty manager dealt with this episode. We were only one of several displeased folks that morning. The way the duty manager spoke in his patronizing manner with little or no regard to the fact that we just had a very bitter start of the day was very annoying. He had the cheek to tell us that the front desk sometimes gives $10 coupons and that way we would have had to pay $10 less on the bill!! Talk about attitude!!(Apparently, as of a day or two before, all Marriotts, atleast those in Canada were informed by the Marriott management that the lounge was to be closed on Sat and Sun and the free continental if applicable was supposed to be limited to just one croissant and a cup of coffee! Wonder if they would object to getting some extra sugar or milk for the coffee! If that is indeed true, well - never expected this from the Marriott group! )Update:Post communicating the concern, there was a good amount of follow up from the customer service to understand what had happened during our stay. The initiative taken by the customer service and the prompt and courteous interactions, by itself, call for a 5-star review.
4	Centrally located, we really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Rooms were very nice and quite spacious (and our high floor afforded an outstanding view of downtown).Valet and reception staff were friendly and helpful.Would stay there again for sure.
4	A very nicely appointed Marriott high rise hotel in a perfect location.  Most everything was within walking distance:  art galleries, restaurants, shops, historic churches and the Port of Montreal.  Excellent bar with good menu.  Rooms were clean and spacious.  View was great. Concierge and front desk staff were extremely helpful.  The Metro stops underground right below the hotel.  Wifi was confusing, however.Rumor has it that, every now and then, William Shatner stops by the bar. Oh, to hang with Denny Crane!
4	Centrally located, upper scale hotel.  Best features of the hotel are the friendly staff, great location and fantastic food and service at Bar Le Senateur.  This has become my usual place to stay when visiting Montreal.Rooms are clean, a decent size with all the amenities you need but certainly nothing special other than the view.  I would classify the physical appearance and amenities as average in the Marriott chain.  The front desk staff are very pleasant, accommodating and efficient.  Bar Le Senateur is a perfect place to watch a game while having dinner and a beverage.  The bartender (name escapes me) is excellent.  Very friendly!
5	Another stay in the wonderful city of Montreal! Returning to the Marriott proved to be a great idea. Outstanding experience at the front desk for check in.  Staff were incredibly friendly...the place was bustling and they couldn't be more engaged in attending to their guests. Dinner at Bar Le Senateur was outstanding as well.  Great food and Jose and his team really go out of their way to make it memorable! Pulled pork sliders were delicious.
4	I have stayed here a few times when in Montreal. This weekend, was just for the ladies and the location of this hotel made our time here a lot easier. Blocks from St. Catherine's St., this hotel provides close proximity to fun, shopping, bars, eateries and clubs while being located far enough for everyone to sleep without constant street noise and party sounds. We were lucky to stay on the 25th floor, the view from this floor was amazing and you could see all the way to the water.Rooms are clean and spacious, beds are comfortable, staff is amazing: offering suggestions for parking, and providing prompt room service. I have yet to find a complaint about this place and would definitely recommend it to anyone looking to stay in MTL.
3	The Marriott Chateau Champlain is a decent full-service hotel in a central location to the business district. It's a little far from the main tourist attractions in "vieux Montreal", but the rooms are fairly large and offer some nice views. The front desk staff was friendly, if a bit slow, but the bar and front door/bellhop staff were terrific. The lobby area is in desperate need of updating, as is the extremely tiny bathroom in my room. The room was clean, with a nice selection in the mini-bar, a good amount of US channels on TV, and I have no complaints about the bed or linens. The water temperature, however, fluctuates wildly between "waaay too hot, and Lake-Champlain-in-winter cold", and the internet doesn't workNot bad if you can get a decent rate
4	Classy hotel. Service staff always there to help, usually friendly. Meeting spaces are large, well appointed, and serve every need. Have had a few very good experiences with groups at this hotel. I recommend it when appropriate.Direct access into Bonaventure metro and the underground city is just one benefit of their excellent location.
4	Great hotel! I like that hotel because it is very close to the heard of Montreal. Try to get an "Concierge room" in the upper floors, then you have breakfast in a special room on top of the hotel, very nice view and to to crowded. There is one thing, don't use the bar at the hotel, the prices over there are insolence 28$ for 3 espresso ... absolutely ridiculous. Go to 400m to the center they are a lot of places where u can have good food and drinks for less money. The rooms are big, clean and nice.
4	Hotel restaurant serves Perfect apple tart. The menu does not have large selection of entrees, but all seem to be done well. I ordered the same dish twice.
