3	I'm not sure where to start. This place reminds me of my college days in that the food is kind of gross, but the ratio between good food/cheap price is enough that you still frequent the place.The buffet had standard choices like general's chicken, mystery meat, fried rice, and lo mein. The general chicken and grilled chicken were relatively yummy.  Also enjoyable was the egg foo young but it had fake crab in it. The bright red kind. Kind of odd. I didn't try the mystery meat which might have been pork or beef.But also on the buffet were surprisingly good pot stickers (the main thing I ate). Their sweet and sour soup had a taste I couldn't identify which kind of put me off. The eggrolls/springrolls were both kind of blah.Also offered were seafood choices which I stayed away from. My friends ate some cute little baby octopuses (ahn!) but after a mucho bad experience with "sushi" at the Gold Coast buffet, I usually don't touch seafood at buffets. My friends, however, enjoyed the seafood and seemed fine the next day. The sushi looked very iffy, though.The dessert bar was nice - they offered lots of different types of fresh fruit.During the week, the lunch buffet is $6.55, dinner buffet is $8.75. They also have a full regular menu. Not a lot of vegetarian options on the buffet, but plenty on the regular menu.
2	It was our first night/ day in Vegas. Kinda hard to tell what time of day it was. We were hungry, dazed, and delirious. Not sure how we got here. It was cheap, filling, a lot of selection, and crying to be updated inside. If you lose all your cash on the slots, come here and eat cheap. I think it was like $8.00 pp.
1	Worst Chinese buffet I've had in town. Got a flyer in the mail and the picture and price was attractive and decided to give it a try. It was a big disappointment! Food did not taste good, alot of dried up dishes. The place is in desperate need of remodeling. Would not come back.
1	too easy. DO NOT eat here. its like a big buffet full of nothing. the old asian inspired theme was shabby. and the food. nothing near the asian style. break fast was terrible. and the only thing that was slightly edible was pizza. they ran out and never replenished it. i thought this was a buffet. however. the desserts... were total embarrassment of that entire category. my mud pie was not even muddy. it was just a chunk of dirt that has already settled 24 hours AFTER the rain. done.no. don't do it.
