4	So, I recently turned forty. What the heck are ya gonna do about it, right?Well, I'll tell you what I did about it - I went to Sona Med Spa in Ballantyne to inquire about a number of treatments.I'm not usually a vain person, but something just clicked when I hit the big 4-0. There are things that I don't like about my body, and dammit I have the means to do something about them, so why don't I? There's no reason to live with something you don't like if you don't have to.I visited Sona Med Spa and talked with Cassidy, who gave me pricing on laser hair removal (bikini and underarms) and laser treatments for the rosacea on my face. My leg hair was really too light for laser hair removal, so that was out, but I was sick of shaving the rest. For laser hair removal, I had previously visited "Ideal Image" for a quote as well. The woman was nice, but she tried to sell me on leg laser hair removal, even though my hair was clearly too light. Sona had MUCH better pricing on the laser hair removal, and I could get the AFT package for my rosacea at a great discount. Both combined were cheaper than the quote I got for just the hair removal at Ideal Image, so I jumped at the offer from Sona.I figured I'd wait until I was through with most of the package purchases before writing a review. So here I am, after 4 AFT and 4 laser treatments. The AFT has worked great. I had so many broken capillaries and veins on my face that I needed foundation just to look decent. After 4 rounds of AFT, I can't find a broken vein around my nose. My face looks more clear and calm and I don't have nearly as many flushing issues as I used to have.The laser hair removal has been a mixed bag. I'm about 50% done with hair removal by my observation, but I only have a couple of sessions left. I will probably need additional sessions for full hair removal. Still, after session 3, I really started to notice a decrease in hair on my bikini line and underarms.  There is still a way to go.To be clear: both procedures hurt. Some of them hurt like "HECK"! AFT is worse than the laser hair removal for me. (If your hair is dark and coarse, laser hair removal will hurt worse, but mine is medium coarseness, at best.) Sona will provide you with an Rx for a topical anesthetic ointment if you want. After 2 AFT sessions I opted to purchase the ointment. For my 3rd AFT session, I showed up with a face "numbed" by the ointment and having popped 4 Ibuprofen preemptively for pain. It was still awful. So awful that I decided to forego the ointment and Ibuprofen for my last session. If you're doing AFT, you kind of just have to suck it up and realize that beauty and even skin tone HURTS. Half of it's psychological. The other half is terrifyingly physical. :-) But if you get Roe, just chat with her and she'll help take your mind off things.Suffice to say, I celebrated my last session of AFT even though it meant no more sessions with my buddy Roe. I have to dock Sona Med Spa in Ballantyne a star because sometimes their scheduling is awful. I have waited for 65+ minutes for a 15 minute treatment before. They have lost two of my appointments. Their scheduling is terrible. Now, I get them to write my scheduling down on cards, and I save them like they're lifelines. I once received a call to confirm an appointment, and when I called back to say I could make it, they had LOST the appointment in their system.The people at Sona Med Spa Ballantyne are great, but their scheduling system is hideous. Be careful about scheduling and be prepared to wait an hour for your service. If they can see you in 5 minutes after you arrive, it's a bonus!That said, I arrived 45 minutes early for an appointment one time, because I had put it in my Outlook calendar for 11 (instead of 11:45 - seriously, save those cards!). When I showed up uber-early, the receptionist took the time to help me schedule all my next appointments AND answered all of my questions about Botox during the time I was waiting. So, as I said, they're good people. Just get firm on your appointment times.I do like Sona a great deal. Watch your appointment times like a hawk, show up and watch your age issues melt away.
2	This place irritates me mainly because I purchased a laser hair removal package a few years ago. Well, as they told me, and they should tell you, it dsent always work, and especially women need treatments forever. Okay, so since I purchased a package I get a super great discount for any additional treatments needed. Wow, im cool with that.Unfortunately I never get anyone to answer the phone, or return my call. It makes me feel like they are not even in business anymore.Tip: If you want anything done, botox, hair removal, rejuvenation, or what ever, go to a certified dermatologist or plastic surgeon. For one, the doctor will make sure that laser gets all hair! And second, once you open a bottle of botox it starts to loose its strength. Med spas have botox available every day, so you never know how old it is, which means forehead unfreezes in a shorter amount of time. I still would like my phone call returned, because I did pay for treatments and I want one. First time buyer, its more expensive, but go to a doctor.
5	Love this place! I am doing the medi slim program. The staff is always friendly, I'm usually in and out on time or early, and I am noticing results every week!
1	I purchase 6 laser treatments for my face and had to request a before and after pic. I did not notice any difference even after receiving the last of those treatments.  In addition, they suggested that I get 3 AFT treatments.  I have only had 2 of those treatments and those i did see a difference.  The technicians that did the treatments were all very skilled and good.  However, with having to deal with the long wait and not being able to book an appt for weeks out and then they have mix ups with the actual confirmed appointments like wrong date or times.  Now I don't know if thats something that is wrong with their book or a dyslexic thing with the scheduling person or what but if you are going to get any services done here, make sure you request your appointment to be written down and if you have to reschedule, make sure you have it emailed to you to be certain you have it in print.  Another suggestion is to book first thing in the morning so you don't have to wait for a long time.  I will try another med spa or an actual dermatologist for other services of this nature and hope to get quality service at a fair price with no scheduling hiccups.
2	I saw their ad and went in for a consultation for their AFT & Laser face treatment.  Everything sounded so wonderful that I did the "package" deal they had at that time. After 4 treatments, I really didn't notice any difference.   I decided I would rather  either change my package to laser hair removal and called them. They told me I couldn't change my package and they didn't do refunds.  So I had 6 treatments left and paid for them but didn't go back.Make sure you read all the fine print if you sign a contract. The staff was excellent and seemed to really care about their clients. I wish the "sales" department had the same caring quality. I could have switched to something more useful and not wasted my money.
