5	A new bar in Scottsdale that is actually worth going to that is not overly pretentious or full of douchebags! Located in North Scottsdale at DC Ranch, Escape is quite the escape. The space is beautiful and elegant. Inside is the bar area (which actually glows). Friday night it was semi-full with people dancing on the dance floor and a great DJ. He played a great mix of music, from popular stuff to house music to Persian. It was music you don't get bored with. The area outside on the patio is perfect on a somewhat "cooler" summer Scottsdale night. It was packed full the night I went. Complete with an outdoor fountain it has got the perfect ambiance to go along with the Hookahs that everyone was smoking. They have alot of flavors to choose from that aren't even on the menu. We had the melon. Yummy! The drinks that were flowing were pretty strong but good. The bartender was good with mixing me just what a wanted (a concoction with bubble vodka, my new fav). They even have a menu with mediterranean type food if you get hungry after all the drinking and smoking. Overall, this is a great new hangout with a different and chill vibe. Something that Scottsdale has needed!
3	What's that word?   "MEH"??  Have you been to DC Ranch lately?! It's a ghost town!  1/3 of spaces are vacant now.Went here Friday night, albeit kinda early (5-6:30), and it was basically empty.  1 other table with a couple people, and 2 people at the bar for a few minutes/quick drink.  I would agree nice spot, on the classy side, nice patio.The martini list of drinks mostly had simple syrup additions to the skky, absolut, ketel 1 concoctions.  Had a raspberry thing and a blueberry tini, only after voicing to be very careful not to make them sweet & on the recommendations they were definitely not on the sweet side), but guess what?  both too syrupy   No Grey Goose or Belvedere on the list, so to me, their pours were well drinks.  (I am such a snob, I know!)Their Bruschetta consisted of a flatbread & toppings.  (I much rather crustini, french bread or chiabatta.  Their hummus & pita was "ok".I was really disappointed, since i hadn't been to DC Ranch in a year, and i really had my hopes up from the web site.  I like to try new places and hate the same ol' same ol'.  Maybe I have much too high expectations?  Maybe this is only the spot to go after 9pm??Sorry, i don't think I'd give it another try....
5	This place is GREAT!!! Kelley P and John S. got it right, it's DRIPPING with ambiance, don't miss the under lit onyx bar and most importantly, the outside patio is spacious, classy and tobacco friendly!!  I didn't try the hookah but I did purchase a top notch cigar from the cigar list and enjoyed it on the patio while sampling several cocktails.  Our server, Scott, was exceptionally friendly and attentive and the drinks were perfect.  DC Ranch is my vacation home and consequently I spend a lot of time at "Market Street" restaurants and night clubs and I have to disagree with Lina R's assessment that DC Ranch is a ghost town....while it's true there are a few vacant retail spaces, they fill quickly and most of our businesses do quite well.  We are lucky to have some of the finest restaurants/bars around in Market Street and   "Escape Lounge" is a most welcome addition to that exclusive club
4	Hubby and I did a DC Ranch hopping escapade this last Saturday night.  For those of you who don't know what that is, we go to a restaurant have a drink and an appie and then move to the next place.  We like doing that especially for new places - that way you get a sample of things without being overly committed to a full dinner if you hate it!Escape is right across from Flemings Steak and its a little tucked away in the back.  SUPER COOL furniture and ambiance with great black furniture and shades of mauve and gray walls.  Their large screen TVs situated nicely around the bar, showed designer and fashion week from Sao Paolo Brazil which I thought was pretty hip.   Scott our bartender, recommended the X-Rated Plum which was not only beautiful, it was majorly yummy and Hubby had something with Bourbon in it which he loved.At first, I will admit, I thought the place would have good drinks but would not have good food - so I was a little hesitant.  We took a look at the menu and I was impressed that it wasn't that usual "10 item Lounge menu with sliders, chicken wings or chips and salsa".  It was not only diverse, it had a substantial Entree list.  Hubby and I stuck to our own self-made rules, and ordered the Hummus appetizer - asking for Jalapeno and roasted pepper hummus as our 2 flavors.  I can tell you that it was one of the most delicious hummus I've had in a long time -- VERY fresh and the flavors were amazing.There is seating outside as well as inside so the next couple of months should be a great time to hang outside here.  Prices were middle of the road - not expensive but certainly not cheap.  I felt as though we got our monies worth from Escape.  They are definitely a later crowd - we got there at 7ish and the place had one other couple there.  Scott mentioned they had a DJ on Friday and Saturday nights so I took a mental note on that since we do like great music.We are definitely going back -- and probably a little later because it was fairly empty since it was only 7:30.  Great Service and, if their hummus and drinks were any indication - super food..  Besides, I'd like to get Hubby out on that dance floor!!
5	Beautiful. Sexy. Sleek. Great place to grab a drink as an aperitif or a nightcap. The music rocks and the decor on the inside is incredibly gorgeous.  The patio is an inviting (heat lamps) and serene (stubble water features) place to share hookah with some friends. I love this place for night, but I can't wait to try out this place for lunch.
4	This place has a very cool vibe and I love the patio here but every time I go its completely empty. I haven't gone there for a meal but the martinis and hookah are fab! Its a great place to go and have a nice time with friends in a relaxed lounge environment.
4	We went to Escape for a girls' night out. I love DC Ranch, and I hate that it's gotten so blah over the past few years. We ordered a cheese plate for our appetizer (brie, cheddar, mozzarella) and it came with a plate of crackers, grapes and delicious strawberries. Food- We all got something different, to really get a feel for the menu. The gyro was a little crispy, but tasty. The chicken skewers were extremely flavorful and good and the salmon w/asparagus was also tasty.    Being Greek, I am extremely picky- the tzatziki passed the Greek test. It was just the right amount of garlic, but not that over-powering garlicy taste.The drinks- we should have each tried something different, but we didn't. We tried their white cosmos, and were satisfied enough for a second round (minus the dd cause they were pretty strong).Service was friendly, but like the others said, it was kind quiet. It was missing that old DC Ranch busy feel.Next time we are going to go a little later and scope out the "nightlife" portion of Escape and just go for drinks & dancing.
4	Potential ambiance of this place is awesome. The decor, paint, music spun by the DJ were all outstanding. Very dark, sexy,swanky lounge and great patio. Went to check it out on a sat night and at 1030 there was maybe ten people inside and the bartender said that was the most people in the place at once that night.   I had only heard of this place by word of mouth. They obviously need to aggressively advertise otherwise this will be sadly another victim of Dc Ranch very shortly.
1	Just called the phone number, it's out of service. Web site is still up. Looks like another one bites the dust.
