4	I'm no Greek food expert, but Jimmy's consistently delivers tasty food.  It's family run, and the bickering among family members is light-hearted and funny.  The place isn't very big, and the atmosphere is nothing to write home about, but it has an inviting family feel to it.  As a side note, they have a Blue Bell ice cream shop next door.
4	Really enjoyed my Gyro for lunch today. The family run restaurant is fun, positive, friendly and yummy!
5	Awesome food. The owners wife is adorable and sweet as can be. Dolmades are amazing and the gyro is to die for
5	The food at Jimmy's is outstanding!  Prices are acceptable and the portions are huge!  The servers are fun to listen to and Grandma is the best.
5	The food is all home made and wonderful! I had the Pasticho ( Greek Lasagna) and it was the best ever! I am Greek and I make a great Pasticho but this was better than mine. It is family owned and Rita and Jimmy are wonderful. It is more like you are having dinner in their home. Great family fun and casual setting. The Gyros are delish. The best Greek Salads... ever! Homemade rice pudding is to die for!  Even their burgers are amazing! Great home style casual restaurant! Community environment. Everyone knows each other... Don't miss out on a good thing!
5	Food is absolutely fantastic! Salad, gyro delicious. The greek pizza is so tasty w fresh cut tomatoes, gyro meat cheeses, onion and garlic. Crust is delicious thin an tasty. Fish and fries equally tasty.  May be seting up some catering for a small open house for my son's wedding in October.
1	Well the one good thing that I can say about Jimmy's is that the older lady who works the front is very kind.I ordered a standard Gyro. After a few tasteless bites, I noticed that the meat was almost a shade of grey. The sauce was weak and flavorless. The side of fried were like crinkle-cut, obviously frozen, mushy, and undercooked.Our antipasto salad had sliced generic deli meat, wilted lettuce, and was plain awful. How can you mess up a salad so badly?My wife ordered the pan seared trout. The trout was obviously previously frozen, overdone, and with an exterior of greasy flour. The vegetables (carrots/peas) had obviously been kept at a appropriate serving temperature for so long that they had become soggy and flavorless-the consistency of canned peas.The decor needs a Restaurant Impossible makeover. It is dated and tacky. We did like the family historical photos but they were overshadowed by the horrible decor. The plastic covered menus were sticky and dirty.We will not be back. Seems like a place which lost its mojo.
4	First off I would like to say that you aren't going to go to a cleaner place than this one!! Jimmy's is a hidden jewel but once you find it you will always want to go back, this is a hard working family who is always there to take care of you.  The food is fresh, delicious and every order is made to order. The trout was cooked perfect and the vegetables were seasoned perfectly with just the right amount of butter to top them off! We ordered the greek salad and I have to say, one of the best I've ever ordered out at any restaurant. We asked how the french fries were so golden brown and tasty, we were told they use peanut oil. The beautiful bar on the other side of the dining room was such a added bonus to the place, we enjoyed some drinks and at the end of the visit we were treated to the most delicious baklava and homemade rice pudding. The atmosphere is like being at home, the family makes you feel like a family member. Can't wait to visit again and enjoy it all over again.  It's a shame that some other reviewers tried to bash such a wonderful place and great people. The restaurant hasn't lost anything, they are just lucky that some reviewers won't return.Thank you Jimmy's for a great meal, super service and an all around fantastic place!! See you next time!!
4	Really great!! The Gyro Plate, hummus dip and baklava are all wonderful!! I will be going back when we are in the area again.
4	offically closed new name on board says lauries place -- ( flapjacks. _)
