3	Love that Tostada salad.
5	Great chicken burritos and love that roasted (black-looking) salsa!
4	mmmmmmm tostada. i didn't realize how delicious it was until i finished 80% of my salad in there. then i broke off a piece and fell in love. it's so crispy/buttery/savory. i loved it!! the burritos and taquitos were very disappointing, though. the rice, and apple sauce was NOT enjoyable either. this place deserves 4 stars because of the condiment bar and tostada. free pico de gallo and salsa? yay!!!!!!
3	not "real" mexican food but a decent substitute in a pinch
5	We've always had excellent service at this Baja Fresh. I haven't tried a variety of things so I can't review the different foods but what I have the Baja Steak Burrito is made the way I like it and always fresh. The staff is courteous and the store is always very clean.
3	Once upon a time I was a huge fan of this Baja Fresh location.  My coworkers and I  use to come here all the time for lunch.  Then, about 4 yrs ago I noticed a rapid decline in their food quality.  Their Chips started to become thinner and not so fresh.  Their Beef didn't taste as good.  And when they started posting nutritional info online.....I was afraid, very afraid.    Most of my favorite dishes here had a gazillion calories!  Oh no!Well, every once in a while I'll visit an old friend and have a Beef Burrito.  Was at this location recently and enjoyed one for lunch.  Nothing special though.Will I return?  Possibly.
1	Absolutely terrible. Roaches in the bathroom and all over the salsa bar. The store smelled terrible the moment I walked in.  I'll never eat here again.
2	YUCK!  The Baka burrito was COLD!  It had mole sauce instead of ranchero sauce and they just can't seem to find RIPE TOMATOES!  Even though the meat was cold the bite or two I had the meat was pretty decent. Maybe Baja Fresh will get their act together. If you can do that I will be back. I won't patronize this establishment again until probably July.  To be fair, they did refund my money for a second time in as many attempts.
4	Very fresh food, very clean restaurant, very friendly staff.  I was excited to get a chance to try a taco that was not as American as being "outside the bun".   Delicious.  I can't have a taco from Taco Bell without thinking "It was SO much better at Baja"
1	This place smelled burned walking in. They didn't have some of the items on the menu and I had to end ordering fish tacos. They took forever to make them and when I got em they didn't taste like fish tacos at other locations. This place is on its way down....
