4	I don't know about you but $ 17 for an average asian buffet is a rip off......that is...unless...it's an Asian buffet like this one. Their food isn't too sweet, nor to salty. It's actually really good. Buffet @ Asia offers a huge large selection Asian food from seafood (clams, muscles, crab), Chinese food (stir fries, orange chicken, hot and sour soup...), to any Asian food you may be craving (pad Thai, sushi). They even have Mongolian Barbecue! The restaurant gets really crowded and service is pretty good for an Asian restaurant; a buffet at that!  Waiters were always refilling drinks and taking away plates. It's seriously like they're watching you like an eagle-- taking the last bite on your plate before swooping in and taking your finished plate away.  They're incredibly on top of things.  If you're ever in Vegas and don't feel like eating at the hotel buffets, make a little detour off strip and stop on by here. I doubt they'd disappoint.
3	I haven't been about giving the half star, but I feel like I can run between 3 and 4 stars with this place.It was before the airport and it was Vegas, so you know we were beat.But it was nice to get away from the strip, take a romp in the desert and see what life really is like in Nevada. And we found Buffet Asia. Our my friend's family introduced us to Buffet Asia. The selection was generous, they had almost everything. They tried their hand at sushi, chicken strips, pizza, BBQ pork, steamed buns, orange chicken, miso soup... anything under the sun. Basically, any food that you have seen Asian-ized, they have it. It's been noted that their selections revolve and they offer a huger seafood selection, then they do regularly.By buffet standards, I would go here. The food is not great, but it's good. It serves it's purpose, you get what you came for and you do definitely leave full. Service as to be expected, is uninspired and borderline rude... but when you are dealing with hungry people who are getting full... couldn't you smile? Cultured people could bypass this by supplying tips, I'm sure. You are lucky that you don't have to deal with them on a regular basis... and you get your own food.There were signs on the wall saying "If you waste food, extra charge will be applied." That was not the case, here... let me tell you.
4	We eat at Buffet @ Asia a few times a year. If you have picky kids to feed it always works. They can find anything from asparagus to spring rolls. Pizza and noodles are always a basic with kids. As for Adults the lunch is average the cost about $9 each. Come in the evening that price pops up about $10. The added price offers you the selection of crab legs, frog legs and other non-lunch menu items. Many guests do not realize you receive one free alcohol drink with your meal if you ask. It's never been offered to me but if you ask you can get beer or wine. Depending on the day you will find very great service and energetic servers or possibly wait 20 minutes to get a drink refill. It's hit and miss but usually satisfactory. The dishes on the line are continuously refilled and the food hot. It's a nice lunch spot where two can dine for under $20.
4	I usually come in here for cheap take-out, where they give you a reasonably sizable box and soup container to fill up with buffet items.  You can be stingy or you can just pig out and stuff as much as you can fit without cheating into the containers.  I usually make a bee-line for the premium stuff like the sushi, which quickly recoups the take-out costs.
3	It's got the usual good Asian buffet essentials:1) Mongolian BBQ including that silent man that cooks your food right in front of you.2) Sushi Bar3) Pizza4) Crab Legs5) Fries6) The usual chow mein, lemon chicken, and various dishes...The plus to this buffet was that they had bubble tea drinks and thai tea as part of their drink menu!! I've never been to a place like that!
4	This is my favorite Asian buffet in Las Vegas!  I've been to the one on Rainbow as well, but IMHO this one is better.I've been here for dinner several times, and now I can't bring myself to order crab legs at any other restaurant.  I mean, why pay $$$ for (if you're lucky) a pound of crab legs in a fancy schmancy place when I can gorge myself on fine quality crustacean appendages at Buffet at Asia for less than $20?!  Add a big bowl of melted butter and 18 wetnaps, and I'm a happy girl.Their other buffet selections are consistently tastey, hot, and quickly re-filled when supplies get low.  Chinese, Dim Sum, Thai, Sushi, Japanese, Korean, Mongolian ... They've got it all covered, and they do it very well.  Highly recommended!
3	I would rate this as 3 stars... but my boyfriend is trying to insist I give it 4 stars. He really enjoyed the oysters and sashimi and a couple other choice items. Otherwise, I found everything to be A-OK... like the 3 star rating I gave it. I'm not sure it was worth the 15$ a person, but my boyfriend really enjoyed it. We'll see if he can convince me to go back...
4	Ah, my mastication sanctuary. I will not eat 24 hours in advance to come and gorge here, as my mobile photo uploads on Facebook will attest to. At under $9 for lunch and under $15 for dinner, why not? The food isn't bad and once you've found your favorites, you'll find that the quality is consistent whenever you come in. The value of this place is reason enough to try it. Thai iced tea is a free drink option and I've heard beer is as well (just ask). Even at lunch there is plenty of seafood, beef, and chicken. They recently added some veggie/tofu items as well. The sushi bar isn't fancy, but the basics are here (tuna, salmon, eel, etc.). Dinner isn't too different from lunch, but the addition of crab legs is definitely something worthy of coming here after 3pm. Either way, the food... tasty!Now, on to the service. It's pretty unusual to have an empty drink or used plate on the table for very long. The staff is pretty on top of this.As with just about any other buffet, it's not quite like ordering a la carte at an Asian restaurant, but I always leave here satisfied and is definitely somewhere I look forward to going with the family.
3	Typical  of any asian buffet that i've been to before. My friends and i got hungry for some adventure that didn't cost $40 so we came to check this place out. They offer crab and lobster. they were both okay. not too fresh. free thai tea. lots of asian food typical at buffets. aside from the crab and the lobster i thought it was pretty yummy.  they offer a lot of seafood.took them a while to clear our plates from our table. im not sure if they were just ignoring us because sometimes they would just walk by and not take the plates. but, for $15 this place is a steal.
4	If you want a reasonable asian buffet on this side of town, come here; but get here early. Great selection, at a good price, and attentive staff. This is very popular- the parking lot is always packed. Once inside, you pay first. Then you are seated.The dishes range from stir-fried noodles with vegetables, with a variety of meats- chicken, shrimp, beef, mixed seafood, some vegetarian, to teriyaki chicken, to rice and chow mein, to sushi (I don't really touch this) to pizza (don't touch this either), to salad to fruit and finally dessert- jello, tiny portioned cakes, ice cream. I almost forgot to mention the custom grill- you get your vegetables and stand in line to get your food cooked. Everything's not great but I managed to get lots of things that I like.   This used to be Que Mas, before that Chevy's, so the atmosphere is going to be different than most asian buffets. They didn't change everything but they did maximize space by adding more seating.
2	A combination of food that only just met my expectations and service that severely disappointed, forced me to deliver a 2-star rating. They sat us in the back corner of the restaurant tucked next to where the soda dispenser and the dish cart are. The fact that they sat us here was one thing, but they were uncomfortably unaccommodating when I asked to move.  After several minutes of awkwardly standing in the middle of the restaurant searching for a new table, we finally found one near our original seat. This immediate poor experience could have been redeemed if the food was overwhelmingly delicious, but unfortunately that was not the case. The chicken was chewy and the sushi was served dangerously lukewarm. Other than those two items, most of the food was just mediocre. There was nothing tasty enough to drive me back to eat here again. Buffet at Asia is a great place to go if you are comfortable with dealing with poor service while receiving mediocre food. I would not recommend this place to any one.
1	I was extremely disappointed with Buffet @ Asia for multiple reasons. My boyfriend and I were in the mood for chinese and decided we would try this place. When we got to the buffet, we were sat all the way in the back of the restaurant, in a dirty two seater booth, which was right next to the garbage, the dishwashing station, and the soda dispenser. We asked nicely to be moved to another table so they took us into the other room and made us stand in the middle of everyone holding our plates and drinks. After much confusion, we decided to move to a table next to our original one that was a little bit cleaner. That was just the beginning of a bad experience. The food was okay, typical chinese buffet food - nothing special. We both love sushi, so we were happy to see that they had a good selection. However, all of the sushi was sitting under hot lights!! It definitely was not safe to eat! Then, while we were eating, a family was sat behind us. About five minutes later, the waiters came running over to their table telling them that they needed to pay more (for an infant)! They were going back and forth until the family decided they would just pay for the baby so they could just be left alone. It was extremely distracting, uncomfortable, and awkward. The waiters were incredibly rude, laughing at the family and mocking them. Overall, it was an awful experience. I would not recommend this place to anyone!
4	8 dolla lunch buffet...It is what it is.  What do you expect when you go to an all you can eat buffet that is only 8 bucks for lunch and 13.00 for dinner.  If you want stellar service, food, and ambiance then go to the Wynn or Bellagio, that's what you're paying the 40.00 bucks for! I swear this is like a tourist attraction for my fam and I bc we go here every time we are in town visiting my aunt and uncle .  It's not too far from the strip by car because really who wants to walk anywhere in that heat.  It offers a huge selection of Asian cuisine from seafood, to the mongolian style bbq, and sushi (not sure if I would touch the raw fish here but the crabmeat should be fine!).  While some dishes are hit or miss, I did like most of it especially the dumplings, fried chicken wings, Chinese donuts, shrimp, crab rangoon, and garlic tilapia.  I think they have crab legs only for dinner or the weekend?  The service and environment are fine, they take your drink orders and your dirty plates away, what more do you need?   I end up walking away with a  muffin top and double chin, but yes...so worth it.
4	Place is good! No complaints for me. Has a good selection of food choices and service is not that bad.
1	The food itself is about par for chinese buffets (average at best). I had no choice but to eat at this place when on a tour bus from Las Vegas. What brings it down to 1 star is the incredibly rude service even for Chinese restaurants (and I'm chinese). Worst service I've ever encountered in my life. Someone in my party ordered soda for everyone. I wanted only water and asked a nearby waitress for an extra cup of water. She gave me the stank eye right away and demanded in a very rude tone "Where's your ticket?" I was like "Wtf are you talking about? I need a ticket for water?" Then she said with a really mean face "I already got you your drinks, 1 more is going to cost you extra." After some back and forth she finally got the message that all I wanted was a cup of water and not another soda. Seriously? I had to get into a near fight with a waitress and make the rest of my party uncomfortable over a cup of ####ing water? I'm surprised she didn't slam the cup of water on my table. She probably spit in it or something. I was so pi##ed over the whole thing that I wrote a note of complaint and dropped it in their tip box. I was literally fuming the rest of the day and this review is pretty much the first thing I did after getting back from my Vegas trip. They deserve this bad review wholeheartedly.The problem is that owners are so cheap that they write the number of your party on a tiny #ss little fortune cookie slip of paper. You're supposed to put that slip on your table and waitresses use it to give you the right amount of drinks. This little piece of paper can fly away easily or slip underneath the table. Waitresses literally demand for that slip of paper before giving you drinks. I'd give it 0 stars if yelp let me because of the cheap owners and waitresses with serious attitude problems. Suck it, Buffet at Asia.
2	Buffet at Asia is kind of a misnomer, there are no Indian, Himalayan, or curries available here. More like East and Southeast Asia. That aside, "Asian" buffets have been so pervasive across the Las Vegas Valley that it's nearly impossible to distinguish them apart. Orange chicken? Check. Beef and brocolli? Check. Egg drop soup? Got it covered. Buffet at Asia isn't special or better from the rest (except for that awful China Star. Todai is actually awesome, though).  My parents love this place, I've developed some animosity towards this establishment. It's loud, full of elderly Filipino people who think they're dining at Spago, and kinda gross.Food wise, it's generic with a few bright spots at best. I avoid the deep-fried shit because I feel they use the same oil for everything. Desserts and meat cooked in the same fryer. Ugh. So I stick to their steamed white fish in soy sauce with green onions. Desserts? I stick to their fresh fruit and avoid their nasty ice cream station that sweaty kids flock to. Expecting great service at Buffet at Asia is like asking a fat kid to not touch a bowl of candy. It ain't gonna happen; servers are there to refill drinks, give straws and utensils. And even this task isn't met. All this while they raise their prices to unreasonable levels, I might as well dine at Sushi-Mon.
1	I've eaten at the Rainbow/Sahara location several times, and although it's not the greatest food, I've considered it OK for the price (lunch was recently $6.99, 7 days a week there, but now up to $7.29). This location, at Flamingo and Eastern was $8.29 for Saturday lunch. We actually wanted to go to Thai Spice (4 stars), but it was closed for remodeling. We then though we'd go to FUJI (4 stars) down at Tropicana & Pecos, one of my favorite Japanese restaurants in Vegas, but apparently they changed their weekend hours, so we finally ended up here instead.First off, I got a sense of overall "ickiness" the minute we walked in. There's just a humid, sticky sort of feeling inside, and when we were seated, the booth had loose seat-back and the table was dirty and sticky. The first thing I got was a bowl of Won-ton soup, which I had to load with salt & pepper, because it had no sense of flavor whatsoever. My kids said the same thing about the egg drop soup. The Pad Thai noodles were flavorless as well. Everything I ate had the same sort of greasy, flavorless, coating to it. Seeing Pizza, French Fries, and Fish Sticks is just a joke - shame on the spineless parents who can't get their kid to experience something other than fast food/junk food.I also noticed meat just pulled from the freezer being used at the Mongolian station, in thick, frozen blocks, not even thawed. Not safe - won't be cooked through all the way. Also, up above the kitchen, up on a shelf with some decorations, I spotted a food prep bucket...catching a leak maybe?Anyway, I'll never go back to this place, and probably will not frequent the other location as often either. I'd rather pay $8/$9 for a smaller portion of enjoyable food, than this all-you-can-eat slop.
4	Good price, Good food, decent service...no complaints here
3	Food was decent though not the greatest selection. it ended up not being worth the $14.99 we paid but we had fun. Also cool that there was thai food offered.trans-friendly: B+ i think you might get static from any of the trashy people who seem to be in every chinese buffet.
3	This was the only place after church nearby that can reserve about 30 seats quickly and I'm always pretty excited going to a restaurant I have never tried before.  Arriving at the place to park, in my mind I was like WTF? Is this an Asian Buffet or an outdoor market in Tijuana, Mexico? Peeps all up in my grill tryin' to sell me oranges at the back of trucks, stands selling necklaces, beads, and all sort of other home made jewelry. Come on Buffet of Asia, get this crap out of your parking lot if you wanna attract business!  But then again it's not the nicest location so I wasn't surprised.It is not the greatest looking restaurant and most will probably pass by it without ever giving it thought but for what it is, it's a pretty decent buffet with a big selection.  Here's what I found good in there: Beef Pepper, Fried Squid, Oysters, Scallops, Chicken Jalapeno, Ribs, Sea Food Salad and some sort of fried crispy crab.  Please stay away from the sushi unless you wanna be like me taking a deuce (sh*t) several times in a public restroom which I do my best to avoid unless it's a real emergency like this night was. Even playing angry birds on my iphone couldn't get my mind how disgusted I was using a public restroom to take a deuce with my conscience repeatedly saying how much I regret in eating those sushi! The crowd inside is a mixture of "Fresh off the Border" Hispanics and "Fresh off the Boat" Asians. This is not the place where you would want to bring a date and because of the fact that its kinda dirty with loud ass people.  Especially these group of filipinos. Loud ass hell, laughing off the top of their lungs, and just hanging out in large numbers blocking walkways. Sadly I'm talking about my group of friends haha, the group of girls we have with us are always the loudest everywhere we go.  It's $15 a person, so if you come out disappointed, at least you didn't pay much for a buffet.  I wouldn't mind coming here again but if I get sick again, it's gonna be on my sh*t list and I mean that in a literal sense since it made me take a sh*t.Why a 3 star instead of a 2? Because I should have known better not to eat sushi in places like this.  My dumb ass experimented with 7-11 sushi too.  You think I would have learned my lesson from that before.
2	For a cheaper price, they have a larger selection than many other asian buffet places but the quality in some of their food isn't there.  I found hair in the food.  On the plus side, they have good char sui.
4	its pretty good for the price
2	A friend bought lunch for me here so I wasn't going to complain....I never pass up a free meal.Typical asian buffet food experience, not too impressed.The place is a bit janky, but I've seen worse.Some one blew up the restroom....I saw a BIG (emphasis on big) bald guy with his wife's purse around his neck pile up his plate with noodles for stir-fry...almost spoiled my appetite.It's an okay hit-and-run place if you want to eat alot for lunch on the cheap, but that's about it.
2	The service is terrible, and the ladies are so unfriendly.  However, they have awesome "head-on" shrimp.  They used to have such fresh food with a great variety, but over time their food selection has deteriorated, and the food no longer looks fresh.
3	I was totally craving mongolian and all i could find was this place... It was pretty good though i wish they had more options as far as mongolian grill wise... They had lots of great food, my hubby enjoyed all the seafood they had as well as the great assortment of sushi.  The waitress was very nice and helped us when we didn't know what the sushi was... that was the only thing i didnt like was there was no signs as too what the food was and i am kinda picky i want to know what i am eating. But it was still satisfying :)
2	What a disappointment! I have been to Buffet @ Asia but at a different location and it was way better than this place. You would think the food is consistent within the chain. Our waitress was quite rude in talking and never smile. The snow crab leg and the salted crab was smaller than the other place.The place closed at 10pm, but they start to mop the floor at 9ish, as if asking us to leave the place already.
1	My recommendation: This place is not worth the time or money. Service is very friendly but that can't make up for the poor, and steadily decreasing, quality of the food. They used to serve beef ribs and good pizza but now they got rid of the ribs and I'd rather eat freezer pizzas from Walmart than that marinera covered cardboard they serve now. The only thing they had left that I thought was still worth the visit was this sugar covered donut hole dessert they HAD. That got slightly changed too so I probably won't be back to this buffet any time soon.
3	Went here with a co-worker and it was your standard buffet fare. Decent food for the $8.29 charge. Watch out for the seats! They grab you back!
5	If anyone says they don't like this place then they're from another planet. Here's the deal: I've lived in Vegas 7 years and for the first two I searched high and low for a good Chinese buffet and Mongolian BBQ. Then I happened upon this place. For the next five years, I visited this place LITERALLY every Saturday.This place is incredible. The selection is HUGE and the food quality is INCREDIBLE. And... it's one of the best Mongolian BBQs I've ever been to (and I've been to a lot).I am now moving to Colorado and it breaks my heart to leave this place behind.Go here. You'll love it. A bit pricey for dinner (but I'm known to be a bit cheap) but for lunch you'll pay $8.50. Well worth it. Okay I'm hungry now.
2	Not many choices, Feast buffed at Red Rock Casino is much better
3	Service sucks,( but that's normal), seating in the dining room sucks too.However I've never had a problem with their actual food. It's hot, fresh, rotated, great sushi selection and quality compared to the other location on rainbow and sahara. The atomosphere is old and worn though.
4	I love this place because it is ridiculously cheap and the food is pretty descent. I went here with my family and it satisfied me enough. Not bad for a cheap asian buffet. The good had descent flavor and it's not too far from the strip. Nice place to go when you're on a budget. I believe lunch is about $8 or $9 and dinner is probably around $14. Oh! And you can get Thai iced tea for free because it's included!
3	I only came here because I wanted to get unlimited sushi for $13.Or as I like to call it, "ghetto AYCE sushi".  There is nothing really interesting about this place, I do like the neon lights outside but that's because I have ADD and it easily distracts me while driving.  It really isn't good for anyone else on the road, but this review isn't about other people.I would give this place 2 stars, but as mentioned...I like their sushi.I could talk about the other food, but then I would no longer be in a good mood.#sushi#cheap#heel
1	I only ate because the place we wanted was very busy and full. My friend and I had a craving for Asian cuisine. We came when their food was switching from lunch to dinner. The cashier that helped me was very repetitive about how if we only pay for lunch we cannot eat any of the seafood or meat special. We came about 20 minutes before their dinner started. Once we got sat the cashier/host took our drink orders. Our server came later on and brought our drink and a few napkins.  During our meal my drink had emptied and our server had walked back and forth several times past our table and had not filled my drink I am patient person so i waited to see if she would notice the 7th time she walked by us if my drink was empty. Not to my surprise she had not a few times my friend and I said excuse me to her she just kept walking by and pretending she did not hear us. My friend accidentally spilled her soup and it was impossible to try and get anybody to get us some more napkins. Also they had removed all of our silverware when we walked up to make our second round at the buffet. When we finally stopped another server to get us some more drinks ( it has now been 40 minutes we were there and no drink refills) she was very unfriendly and seemed almost upset that we interrupted her busy day. The buffet was not very busy nor did it look like they were short staffed. Their were a few rare things on the buffet that were tasty.  Most of the dished lacked taste and seasoning. They were also not fresh and very dry. The most appealing thing about this place was the tacky signs in each both stating that the customer will be charged for wasted food. Each both had this sign which was printed on bright neon computer paper which made it even more unappealing to look at. At the end of each side of the restaurant there were also bigger signs saying the same thing about extra charge for wasted food. This is very unappealing because many of their dishes weren't tasty and I am assuming they expect their customer to eat them regardless of taste. Our original server seemed more occupied watching what people ate than providing them good service. She paced back and forth watching us eat which made it very awkward. I will never eat here again no matter what.
1	this place is pretty bad. friend and i wanted some chinese food for dinner and we were both hungry. the price here seems to be decent. not to sure about the pricing for other competitors. we paid and got sat to a table that smelled like a wet rag, great way to start. the seat had some crumbs on it so i just used a napkin and dusted it off. it looked like a busy night so i figured this is a good thing since the food should get prepared fresh and pushed out onto the trays. well it was freshly put out. the food here is eh. definitely catered for the panda express lovers. lots of sauce and fried food here. the mongolian cook seemed to have called off work that since i didn't see him everytime i was up there. he did show up finally, when i was leaving. left the place and got carls jr across the street. reading the past reviews, seems like this place is slowly getting worst.
1	Yes, the food is cheap but the service is horrible, they are rude there!I don't don't believe you leave out of that place 100% happy.Not to mention the sitting are bad, Everyone/Everything is everywhere, everything is all over the place. I have only been there for lunch, but I have had better places where I get my money's worth.
1	Unreasonable price. Food quality is really BAD and has only very few kinds. You will definitely can have much better food with this price. They can survive by just bonding with tourist.
4	Great food, awesome selections!
3	A great place to stuff your face with this wide selection Asian food. Nothing that tickles my taste buds though.
1	It made me sick. Really sick. It
1	Been here a 2 times because my roommate likes it (think I need better roommates with finer culinary skills), but I can definitely pass on it. Place is dirty with a poor selection of food. Most of their food in the buffet trays have that 3 hour old film on it, definitely not fresh ... and not the tasty. If I was desperate for food on the corner of Flamingo & Eastern again, I'd rather eat at the McDs across the intersection. Their so-called mongolian BBQ is just meat & 4 or 5 veggies and the cooks are sloppy and flick everyone elses stuff into your bowl (I'm allergic to seafood, so not much here for me to eat). There are always hugh families with 20 to 30 unattended screaming children and babies running amok putting their germ riddle fingers in all the trays and ice cream. Waitress barely speak a lick of english and communicating with them is painful at best. However, this place is better by far then the nasty other location on Sahara & Rainbow I think it is. Yuck.
1	The food is disgusting. It looks as if it was left out in the open for days straight. The Chinese food doesn't even taste legitimate. I couldn't find anything even appealing to eat. Horrible environment. Just don't even bother.
1	I really really wanted to like this place, but I ended up HATING it.Parking lot sucks...The dead end is littered with trash as is that side of the buffet building. Their food is just like all the other hole in the wall Asian buffets you'd find scattered throughout California, but just a tad worse. This is the 2nd Asian buffet I've newly tried in the past 6 months and is the same result - STRIKE!They advertise a dinner special where you can order either steak or lamb chops, one piece per person....don't do it!  The steak is pounded flat and served way over cooked...the grill cook is so rude and all the other servers just stand around talking to each other.  Floors were disgusting....how do people even like this place!? With the lack of cleanliness of both their dining area as well as their parking lot area, thank god neither of us ended up with food poisoning!
5	I've been coming here every time I visit Las Vegas. How many places have all you can eat lobster? The oysters are really good as well. The sushi is pretty standard as far as Asian buffets go. They serve boba here, but I haven't had the chance to actually try it out.
2	There is probably not anything in the world that will get me excited to go to a buffet, but I was really not feeling this place. Maybe I'm just a buffet snob, but here it goes.The place is always packed and that's not a good thing. People are crammed in here like sardines and on a hot day with limited air conditioning capacity, it sucks. It was hot and uncomfortable, combine that with a cramped setting and hot plates and I was not a happy camper. Service was fair. Better than most Asian buffets I've been to in the past, but the food just wasn't good. It all seemed to be sitting on the line too long, which was weird since there were so many people, you'd thing the turnover would be quick. Nothing seemed very fresh and I ended up sticking to fruit and rice for my entire meal.I won't be back, I sulked enough to my fella during the meal to ensure that. Haha.
3	If you are craving Chinese food & you're really hungry, this place has pretty good food at a great price.
5	I can't believe this place doesn't have 5 stars! Seriously don't listen to people who say this place is bad. I don't believe they're even talking about this restaurant. I am super super picky with food and this place is SO GOOD. It's also super cheap. I've been here at least 30 times. My family is in love with it! For dinner you can get crab legs..yum!! I eat like 2 plates of that. I love the muscles yum yum. The wonton soup is super good. I love many things but I'm not sure what everything is called. The chicken in the stick is deliciousssss. But my absolute favorite thing about this place (which I didn't try till recently) is where you can make your own plate. I put all the meat and lo Meir and tell them to cook it spicy and omgggg it's so good. Incan get full with one plate. You can put a lot of a little bit. Try it! The only things I don't like is..it is always crowded and the sushi is nasty. But everything else is pretty great. Especially finishing with ice cream!
2	Came at night time the place is kinda gross to eat at, it a little bit dim-lighted, cramped, too many people, bathroom has mural of alcohol, and etc. I don't like it, but the food were ok.
1	I love (or loved) this restaurant, however, on 02/26/13 this restaurant was closed by the health department with 50 demerits.As of this writing (03/01/13) the restaurant is still closed.UPDATE: Reopened on March 12, 2013
4	Like many others have said, how do you beat an 8 dollar lunch buffet? I went with my girlfriend and her family while we were visiting Vegas. It's a bit off the strip, but well worth the drive.  There is quite a bit of seating, and they were really busy at 1pm. We were seated pretty quickly, and our drink orders were taken. We didn't really see the waitress again unless she was clearing plates or filling drinks, which is pretty good for a buffet to be honest. The buffet itself is quite big. There is sushi (surprisingly good), peet'n'eat crawfish, grilled fish, a few kinds of soups, quite a few fried and tasty fish dishes, salad, veggies, fruit, and desserts to go along with the normal staples at an Asian buffet. I would say it is more seafood heavy than non, but there is plenty of food for anyone to eat and get full on. The biggest surprise was the sushi. It wasn't the usual, buffet sushi with dry rice, but it was actually made with a good amount of care. Fresh, moist and flavorful. If you want to get away from the strip and enjoy a nice lunch with family and friends, this is definitely the place.
4	Nice assortment of dishes!
3	I fancy myself an Asian Buffet connoisseur.  Thats fancy french for expert.  Anyway I have been on a quest to hit every Asian buffet while in vegas.  So far this one is the best.  Notice I did not say that it was good.  But you get what you pay for,  I went for Saturday dinner and I was not dissapointed.  The sushi and sashimi came out fresh and there is a stir-fry station where you can have a cook prepare it for you.  That is a nice option at a buffet.  My only down point was that the salad was wilted and warm.  I know most people don't go to an Asian buffet for salad but I like to mix in some roughage.  The staff is not very "smiley", but there were quick to remove my empty plates and refill my diet coke.So far if i had to return to one buffet in Vegas it will be this one.  Please see other posts for reviews on other buffets.
4	Their food is very good.  They have a great variety of food options.  My husband loves the sushi, I love the potstickers(which not a lot of Chinese food buffets have).  I have always agreed with the rest of my family that the food is very flavorful.  What you pay here is more than at other Chinese food buffets in Las Vegas but it is clearly because of the food, and to me the food is worth the price.  The only reason why I give this place a 4 star rating is due to the customer service.  In all the times I have been here I have never had a staff member smile at me.  They do make people feel like a number.
2	So... I normally have nothing but good things to say about this place, but this time was different. I understand that I showed at 8:30pm, 30 minutes prior to closing, but that's no excuse. Most of the items were starting to stick to their pans they were in, and were looking dry. Mind you, just a quick stir, and some of the items were somewhat edible. Except for the Orange Chicken. I love Orange Chicken, usually. This OC was covered with onions. COVERED. I pushed the onions to the side, and got some of the chicken. I couldn't even eat it because all I tasted was the onions. The service was okay. The waiter was right on top of the drinks, but failed to understand that I did not want anymore soda, and that I wanted water instead. All in all, I'd rather go to the one on Rainbow and Sahara. That one has always been amazing.
1	PEOPLE! DO NOT EAT THERE! They are NASTY! I went into the men's room, saw an employee leave out a stall and just walked out! NO HAND WASHING AT ALL! After wards I took the issue to the Manager/Supervisor and she got very indignant with me! She said if I don't know who the employee is, to mind my own business! I said maybe he's in the kitchen...HELLO!!! I told my wife about it and we DID NOT finish our meal. The people there are RUDE, the quality of food SUCK, they have no people skills at all! I was once told by an older Asian man, if the Chinese restaurant is not frequented by Asians...GO SOME WHERE ELSE!I've made a formal complaint through Clark County Health Department. Hope they do their job for the sake of those still dumb enough to eat there!....
1	The worst Asian buffet that I been to. To start off, I knew this would be a bad experience the moment I stepped in the door and pay. We came with a big group (17 people) and decided to split into 3 separate groups to avoid the automatic 12% gratuity fee. However, when I tried to pay with my credit card and it got decline, the lady was already giving me attitude. Tossed my card back and gave me an ugly frown. Also, they have senior discount, but it hardly counts for anything because its only $1 off for a senior discount! Anyways, we got seated, took our drink orders, and went to get food. My brother and aunt were both vegetarian and soon found out that the place hardly had any veggie food so they decided to asked for a refund. Again, the lady at the cashier gave us a hard time again. She finally gave the refund for my brother and aunt after a bit of argument but charged us $5 for the two drinks that they never even touched. At that point we were really pissed, but hungry so decided to stay. My brother and aunt left to eat somewhere else. The food was TERRIBLE. Only 4 soup available, no hot and sour soup or crab soup (thats funny because almost all Asian buffet would have one of these), Tom Yum soup was very bland and tasted like water. They had mongolian BBQ so I decided to try that out. Waited almost 20 minute to get the food and was very unhappy. My noodle and meat were overcooked and burnt. My corn and veggie were undercooked and still raw. Their ice-cream was also terrible, watered out and disgusting. Service was horrible. The entire time I was there, I noticed none of the workers ever smiled. The waiters/waitress came by to pick up our dirty plates but never once did they asked us for a refill even though they clearly saw our empty soda cups.If you want good Asian food, go somewhere else. This buffet is meant to serve mostly Non-Asian people (I saw mostly Hispanics) who doesn't really understand what real Asian food taste like (No offense to them).  In short, food and service was extremely terrible.
1	Do not eat here! Food had no taste and was very greasy. I had a few mussels which tasted weird like they had gone bad or something. I got sick after and spent my night with a horrible stomach ache and i had to puke all i ate. Yes its cheap but its not worth risking your health.
2	I went there last night for the very first time and the food was delicious. I showed up 45 minutes before closing time and the lady up front said I was still able to stay and eat but the chefs stopped cooking the food so I basically had to settle for the food that was leftover which was cool because there was more then enough to feed this beast. The only thing that I had a problem with which is very common in Asian restaurants was the horrible customer service. The staff was so eager to go home that they rushed us out of the restaurant. They must have asked if we were done about 5 times and started to clean and get rid of all the food before we even got done eating. I thought the staff was very rude and unprofessional. This place is delicious but the workers need to take a customer service class or two.
3	It was ok. The buffet wasn't very diverse or big. But it was good and heated. Hibachi was good and sushi I didn't dare try the raw but the cooked sushi was good. The place was good not great not bad. Very mediocre.
4	Good seafood for dinner. Good Sushi bar looks like they have 30 or more. Good price, good food & service.
1	I'm only giving this place 1 star because the cookies, which probably come from a package, were tasty. Overpriced, really greasy food and rude and rushed service.  I will never ever go back. Waste of money!And at the end of our meal, a geeky Asian girl pretty much told us they were closed and we had to leave! Ummm, it was way before closing time and there were tons of people still eating. She was so worried about sitting on the next booth to text that she shooed us out of the booth next to where she was. Fix your English before you go pushing people out of your crappy restaurant. People like this should NEVER be any part of the service industry!!Stay away!!! Total waste of money.
1	Worst place to eat. Go somewhere else. They even Charged me extra for my 10 year because he was taller than 5ft. Terrible service, dirty and smelly. Never coming back again.!
2	This place was "OK." It was pretty busy when we went so the food was turning over quickly, which by reading the other reviews was a good thing. I was really afraid I was going to get sick  off this place. Thankfully I didn't get sick, but I definitely wasn't raving it was the best food either. I got a couple plates- chow mein, fried rice, chicken on a stick (i really dont know what it was called), a few other things... and everything was average. The sushi was better than grocery sushi, but still a largely noticeable difference to an actual sushi restaurant. Plus one of the rolls was warm when I bit into it, instant fear and regret set over me. I'd like to thank my stomach of steel for saving me from that one. I got a plate of crab legs, saying to my friend "you can't screw up crab legs." But I was wrong. Don't get me wrong, the taste was fine... but just about every other piece I cracked open didn't have any meat in it! Crab legs are not easy to open so I was definitely not happy about that. The best tasting thing I had was the baked bananas, those were delicious.The dessert was average... below actually. I got this little cake with pink frosting on top. No real flavor to it. What I think was ambrosia... but it was nothing but marshmallows (isn't it supposed to have fruit?), and a soft serve. The texture was... off, but the taste was ok. We didn't have any problems with the service. The lady was nice and after getting our drinks pretty much left us alone. Considering it cost about $15 to eat here at dinner time, I won't be back. For $15 I could've got a MUCH better meal elsewhere and not had to fear for my life.
4	this has always been our go to for Chinese food at a buffetliving in Vegas my whole life we have had a lot of Chinese food places come and but this place never fails to be fresh.if you are into sushi they have an entire sushi bar and its very fresh and kept up to date they even have little stickers of when they were put out on the buffet so you can ensure that  it is not too oldthey have an amazing selection of Mongolian barbeque and it's like a pic your own Chinese food and they cook it fresh for you it is to die forthis place is pretty big and seats a lot of people has a lot of traffic so very rarely do I see a wait but it is always packed and because it is always packed the food turnover is incredibly quick  very rarely have I seen dishes cold,  empty or close to empty usually its full fresh heaping piles of goodness that you can scoop on to your platethey have fresh crawfish hot and cold they have a good soup selection and a great Chinese selection all the way from fried rice to want on soup too fried wontons to pot stickers to muscles to hot wings to pizza for the kidsit is definitely worth the price you will not regret going Enjoy!!
4	Wow besides the lines my personal experience was great. Just moved in from Cali and Im enjoying it here. I like sushi and there was plenty. Im a big fan and their sushi was pretty good for an all you can eat Chinese buffet. Tons of people eating good environment. Will definatly be back prices werent bad for dinner 13 bucks.
5	We always go for lunch.It's deal for price and portion of food.Service is good enough.Don't expect too much for buffet.Free drink and many choice to pick up.
1	I was invited to this restaurant with other family members on a Sunday evening. My Mom likes this place mainly because she loves to save a dollar. It was Extremely busy. I think it was because Sunday is seafood night I suppose. There were 3 adults and a 3 yr old (who was charged half price). The total price was around $53.Places like this is why I don't really care for buffets because of it's cattle like ambiance. Shoulder to shoulder waiting to be seating to engorge on mediocre food. Sign me up! I am a sushi addict and their sushi IS grocery store quality. Meaning it has been sitting around way ahead of time. Only difference is the grocery store usually doesn't have too much of a selection. But if stuffing your belly is the goal..who cares..right :P Nothing fresh about it..it has a nice selection though. General service was good. Lol...as I was eating my daughter said she could picture the owner swimming around in their office full of money. This place was jammed packed. Bottom line: If you like to stuff your face with low grade food and prefer quantity over quality this place is for you.
1	This place is terrible. I took my parents and two boys to eat here. I was so upset that I spent a lot of money and none of is left satisfied. The restaurant itself was dirty. My two year old son wouldn't even eat the pizza or cookies so that told me something. What was suppose to be a nice family dinner turned out to be a disaster. Do yourself a favor and don't go eat here. I see why they have a sign up front saying no refunds!
1	MSG, MSG, MSG!!! I got headache after one hour of dining here. I will not eat again in a cheap buffet.
1	Flies everywhere. Food is absolutely nasty. Dirty unprofessional nasty
4	They have good sushi surprisingly - not a big variety, but it's fresh and tasty.  Great food, great price and they bus the tables up quickly!
3	Very good  variety.  Turn over is very fast so food is always fresh fresh. Sushi is time stamped and the variety is large enough to make a complete meal of it without having to eat the msg + SALT food. Stay away from the rubber sliced Chinese steak. All the chicken dishes are very good. Hot tea was luke warm and tastes like dirty dish water. Asked for a new pot, but they left the old full cup. Best with ice water...they are fast to refill them. Did not leave a tip. Good change of pace place. Best price is lunch.
3	Been here several times over the past couple years so I guess a review should be done. Like all other buffets, you pay one price and get going. Most places dont include a drink in the price but this place does so thats a plus.I went for lunch ($9.95 total with tax) on a monday afternoon around 1:30. You would think the place would not be that busy but it was packed as usual. Like other visits in the past, their set up has not changed. You have 4 islands. One is usually designated the sushi bar (not very good imo). Another is the fruits/dessert bar (its ok). While the other two are main entrees like fried rice, soup, wings, beef ribs, steamed fish, fried squid, peppered beef, green beans, and pot stickers. These items mentioned are what I usually get because they are actually decent.So the food quality is still the same. Not awesome by any means, but good enough for me to consume and be satisfied. Originally when I first tried these guys a couple years ago, the lunch price was only 7 bucks. My how times have changed. The dinner price is usually about 3 to 4 dollars more because they have crab legs.Service is ok and it shouldnt be any worse. Heck, you are getting up to get your own food. All they need to do is get your drink and clean up your excess dishes. Nevertheless I still at least put down a dollar for tip as long as they are consistent.The minus 2 stars are mainly for the price increase and the bathroom. Im sure they try to keep it clean but those idiot vandals always seem to write stuff on the walls, mirrors, sinks, etc with sharpies or with something actually sharp to engrave it. Sometimes I come in there to find that there is no more soap or paper towels. Also they will charge you if you get too much food and then dont eat much of it.To put it in perspective, I will still come here occasionally just to switch things up a bit but due to the increasing prices, the timeframe in between each visit is gonna get longer and longer. As long as the masses keep coming here, they will continue to raise it until they notice attendance starts going down. Its all about supply and demand.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #151
3	This is a typical Chinese buffet with Sunday crab, clams, shrimp, fish.  There are sushi options like tamago, eel. This is typical of large pans pre made food. Service was so bad that we had to repeatedly ask for water, clearing our plates, and refills.
1	Brought my family here yesterday.  The food is good but the service is terrible.  Please do not come here and expect good service.
5	I domt know why this place gets such low reviews. Food is great. Service is great. Inexpensive.  They have great sushi and Mongolian bbq. One of my favs im Vegas.
5	Great buffet in town!! Especially on dinner time, they have crab legs. Oysters. Shellfish and shrimps ...and the service is good!
1	Horrible!!!!! Assaulting people!!!! Bad bad servers. horrible experience. Food good price not so good. Charges extra for big groups. Automatically charges tip. Family vacation ruined.Lady pushed my aunt for no reason and came at the rest of the family. Trying to kick us out for no reason. Terrible terrible! Calling police.
5	This is our first Chinese buffet in Vegas and it is worth every penny! The sushi selection offers a wide variety and they have plenty of seafood dishes without an extra charge. We came for lunch and were both able to fill up for less than $20 (before tip). The servers are all attentive and polite- there's even chairs outside for the smokers. Very cool! We're sold!
5	Best bargain in town!Time of visit: 1pmCost: Under $10Food: Wide selection with a high turnover so items maintain freshness and quality.  Been going here for years and having not once been disappointed.
5	This is the best Asian buffet for the dinner price of $13.95 you can't beat it. The food is always fresh and they serve huge meaty king crab legs and fried crabs too. The fried chicken wings tastes like you made them at home. There's a variety of vegetables and rice dishes the sweet plaintains are to die for. Dinner starts at 4 pm til 9 pm. There are fresh oysters and clams and sushi too. Non alcoholic drinks including Chi Tea are unlimited. Instead of ice cream you'll get more of a frozen dessert not milk based and a variety of fruits, jello, cakes and cookies and sesame seeded nuts. There's also a huge wok where you can pick your ingredients and they will cook it for you.The staff is very friendly and they will pass by your table often to remove the plates.  Because I love seafood I go here often. It's very family friendly and usually the wait time is about three minutes. If you are arriving with a large party call ahead to reserve some tables. The decor is relaxed and comfortable booths or you can dine at the table with chairs if you choose. I prefer a booth because it gives us extra room for all of the yummy dishes we get. Asian ribs there are tasty just a bit too over cooked for me. In the back of the bufet they do offer peel and eat shrimp which sometimes can be on the pasty side. They also have delcious pepper shrimp which I love.Pizza never has sauce it's mainly bread and cheese so I don't bother with it at all. I am not a frog leg eater. My family has said they are fried a bit hard for them. There's also baked Tilapia and Swai fish too which is delicious. The lunch isn't as great as the dinner because even though they have a good selection of the basic foods there's no seafood during lunch except fish. Because of the high turn over of guest the food is always fresh and hot. TRY IT YOU WILL BE BACKkkkkk !!
5	I give them 5 stars because not only they have an awesome customer service. Their employees are very honest and nice as well. Let's just say we left our iPad the day before :( called the following day and they have it. I love love their sushi station and if you are into clean eating they have steamed white fish and green string beans,   variety of fruits and salads. My mom loved the seafood station and my husband loves their ribs. They have so much variety for everyone.  A must try.
4	Pretty good food selection - most food was very fresh, because they are very busy and have fast turnaround.  The sushi is meh, nothing special, no sashimi.They make you pay at the door when you walk in - price is with drink included, tip at that time or at table after dining.VERY BUSY when I went around Sunday brunch
2	Got here at 10:30am and the food was super dry and all breaded items were hard as a rock.   You would THINK they would be fresher early in the morning.  Save your money and go to Buffet Asia on Nellis. You'll be making a much better choice
1	If I could give this place a zero I would. It's so dirty and the food is always stale... I do not recommend eating here at all! I went with a large group one time and they sat us in the back room. It was so disgusting! The windows had dust and sort built up and the floors were covered with crumbs. Looked as if no one cleaned it for months! Also the sushi they served was very gross. Not fresh at all! Tasted like nasty gas station sushi with the rice all mushed together as of it was made from a machine.
3	It was the little sisters birthday. The parental units love the place, we had 24 people to feed its about $12 a person for dinner. This place worked and it had the seating space for everyone. The food is ok to good. Depends on what your eating. They have quite the variety and its kept fresh. Plates were cleared from the table quick. Beverages were always filled. Host and waitress were friendly with smiles.
1	HORRIBLE! The servers weren't interested, the food was just ok and the place was trashed. It was disgusting actually. We will never go there again.
2	Good bargain, yes. But as a family restaurant, this place could be a bit cleaner. I was embarrassed that my kid had to see the restrooms the way they were kept. There were plenty of kids around. They should take some time to remove all the grafitti in the restrooms. As far as the food, it was better than expected. As i read the other reviews, i was expecting much less. If the restrooms were kept clean i would have given them 4 stars.
2	My parents go here all the time and they haven't complained much. We were here today for a family lunch and the price isn't bad, for $8 a person. Food is okay but I found a baby crab  in one of my mussels. The water also tastes like dishwater; I think this is how they get you to pay for real drinks. I have already lost my appetite by then. It's a hit or miss because I don't remember it being this way the past times I have been here. Hopefully they clean up a bit.
4	Cannot really say how many times I've enjoyed this fantastic Asian buffet. Stopped counting sometime after 50. The food is always super fresh as this is an extremely popular restaurant and the turn over is rapid. The beef dishes are best to skip, tough as an old shoe. Otherwise all the chicken dishes are 4 star. The price is lower for lunch which stops at 4 pm. I prefer to hit it at 2-3 PM. The parking lot can be very crowded, a good sign of a successful business, but the late lunch makes parking easier. Btw the sushi section is varied and nothing stands out for more than 20 min. You will not be disappointed.
4	Just remember we're talking Chinese buffets here.... That having been said, I don't know of any better in town having been to 5-6 throughout the years - especially for the price of $10 for lunch. Decent variety with all your standards and the Mongolian grill is always open if you want something super fresh. It's always pretty busy which means everything stays relatively fresh. This isn't the Baccahanal Buffet at Caesars but definitely my go to place if I'm having a hankering for a plate full of Americanized Chinese food.
4	I come here for lunch whenever I visit the strip. The food is average but the Mongolian grill is awesome. They also have a really big variety of sushi rolls. Most importantly, the service is excellent and everyone is friendly. They are always busy and crowded so I would come either early around 11 or late around 1.
4	It's a firme place compared to other buffets that are all over town and including the famoso Las Vegas Strip too homes. I bring all my carnales and carnalas here and they have mentioned it's better than those high priced casino buffets also. I have no problems frequenting this place.
