5	Sometimes, for some unknown reason, I do really stupid things. Yesterday, for example, I tried to put my own extensions in. This is not smart. Instead of the end result being long, luscious locks, I ended up with a mess of glue and frizz that I couldn't get out. So I headed to Sally's. I couldn't even get a hat on my head because it was that bad, and it hurt like hell. I got there, and I assume the girl behind the counter had seen this kind of thing before, but I offered a step by step list of what I had done anyway. Instead of laughing and slapping me in the face, she told me exactly what to do, and how to do it. She even gathered up all of the things I would need so I wouldn't have to search. It worked, and I am back to my old (hopefully wiser) self. Thanks to Sally's I didn't have to pull a Britney Spears, and I am thankful!
2	Ive been to sally's across the way in many states, TX, CA, NV, etc. but let me just say this one has one employee that is certainly doing them a disservice. I dont know her name and not an attack on her but I was in the store trying to return an item and it took her 10 min. to not do it - someone had to take over b/c she was doing it wrong. Subsequently while she was standing there - a gentleman came up to her and asked - where can I find "xyz item" and she directed him to walmart or target. . the manager (i suppose she was  a manager b/c she was going around putting out all the fires herself whilel she was trying to leave for the day or lunch) said no, actually those are on sale this week and are listed in our weekly flyer. wow. why are you here? there are 14.2 % unemployed people in Las Vegas who desperately need a job and you have this one that isnt interested in helping the customers or learning her job or inventory. How can you help us if you dont know what your own store carries? I will definitely start going to the Sally's on Trop & Boulder and avoid this location - sadly b/c this one is closer to me.  or maybe I'll just avoid that time of day - and hope she isnt in the store when I go? I love sally's - just not this location.
5	Extremly small store but it's filled with all kinds off goodies!
4	I came here looking for over the top fake lashes and glittery, gaudy make up for the CeeLo show. At first the girl at the counter was polite enough, but didn't really inquire if I needed help. When I spotted fake lashes with pink strips in them I lunged to grab them as they were exactly what I was looking for. This prompted a conversation between the clerk and I and she ended up directing me toward exactly what I needed. She was very helpful and gave me suggestions on items I needed that would be probably the cheapest as well, since they were items I would rarely use. Glitter eye liner, pigmented pink shadow, eyelash glue and a lip color. She applied my Sally's member coupon even without me having kept the previous receipt. All in all it was a good experience and I would come back to this Sally's again.
4	this place is really tiny, however has lots of good hair stuff on the cheap, i love the colorful dyes .. i was in there forever trying to pick a color tho -_-. the staff is really nice, and even went out of there way to give me a discount after i politley declined there yearly subscription card...ill definatly go here for all my hair supplies from now on :)
1	2 pm on a Thursday, no customers other than myself , and 3 employees standing at the cash register. No hello, no offer to help, just lots of personal socializing and all 3 looked me up and down while mumbling to themselves. Wow really..Hi haters! I'll never be back to this store again.
2	make sure you check the price on the shelf AND when they ring you up. very misleading and disappointing.
1	Everytime I go into this Sally's I feel discriminated against. I just went in there and a girl was staring right next me and didn't offer assistance. And it didn't help that she was so nice to other customers in front of me. I was very disappointment today.
5	I just had an amazing experience with Starr at this location!!! She took extra time to make sure I had the right product and even walked me down the aisle to find an even better product! She even found me a better deal of a developer and granted me the sale price...I've always had good service at Sally's but she brought it to a whole other level of service! Ask for Starr to get STAR SERVICE!!!! I'll only be shopping at that location from now on...
1	Two days in a row this store has given me false information because their employees lack training and/or just tell people what they want to hear.I'd like to warn other shoppers about making purchases here so they don't go through what I'm going through.I was unaware you couldn't return fake hair (I purchased a DWTS clip in). No one told me this. Upon returning it, the employees said the woman who sold it to me was new. I didn't think that was an excuse so she shouldn't be alone at the register if she doesn't know what to say yet.It was an expensive piece in their line  at $25. I was directed to call customer service and was told they'd definitely sort it out for me as they aren't authorized to do returns in the store. This sounds like malarkey to me. What kind of business model doesn't allow their own employees to do returns? Customer service failed to give me my return so now I'm stuck with something I don't like and with wasted money.These people don't know what they are talking about. Stay away.
