4	Hyatt just bought out Amerisuites and is converting all of these suite hotels into a contemporary concept called Hyatt Place.  We stayed at one of the first ones to open in Old Town Scottsdale.  It was a bargain at $109 a night.  The rooms have gone a full transformation including granite countertops and other decorative improvements along with a 42" plasma HDTV.  Our room was setup much like a loft and included the super comfortable Hyatt Grand Bed.  For the price, this hotel was great.  They offer 24 hour dining and free breakfast.They were still working the kinks out with service being a little spotty.  Also, it is near a couple clubs so try and get a room away from the noise if possible.  It did not bother us, but I could see it being a potential problem.  Also, if you want a cab, you have to specify that you want them to call a cab.  Otherwise, they will call a towncar from Hyatt Gainey Ranch to come get you and charge you twice the price.
4	If you are going to the Phoenix/Scottsdale area and are going to be out and about (meaning you are not going for golf and spas) this is a great choice.  It has a great location in Scottsdale, a block from Old Towne Scottsdale and a short drive from the Fashion Square, other great restaurants, Phoenix and Tempe. We did have some troubles with check in- we arrived around noon on a flight from Boston very tired and in need of a good nap.  They informed us that they had not even one open room to let us into which, after a quick glance around the lobby, we didn't really believe.  We waited 10 minutes in the very nice lobby and they magically found us a room!The rooms themselves are new and quite nice with separate sitting and sleeping areas.  There is a huge flat screen tv that straddles the two sides of the room so you can swivel it in the direction it needs to be swiveled in.  There is a club right next door but we went chose to go to a different place.  The hotel has a shuttle that they run to the local area so check to see if its going where you want to go.  (Provided you don't want to drive)
5	I recently went on a weekend trip to Scottsdale with a couple of friends and we stayed at the Hyatt Place-- AWESOME HOTEL!  The rooms, lobby and amenities are all new and modern.  Each room is a suite and consist a 42' HDTV plasma, two beds, a sectional couch (w/fold out bed), huge living room area, fridge, office desk and free wireless.  The pool was great and the water was the perfect temp-- not too cold, not too warm.  This place is great, and its located right in the heart of old scottsdale so you can literally walk to all the local bars and clubs.  you know what that means.....unlimited pre-gaming!  We also got free continental breakfast every morning.  and best of all, the room was only $89/night.  And since our room fit 3 people comfortably it was a great value to say the least.  If you ever find yourself in scottsdale, this is the place to stay.
5	This hotel is one of the best kept secrets in the area.Large plasma and great beds...at just $89 a nite. We have stayed at comprable at $300 a nite. & free breakfast that is not bad at all.SHHH dont tell anyone else about this place.Great service friendly staff...
4	This Hyatt Place follows along the new updated designs and concept of this newer brand of the Hyatt Family. The appeal is to savvy, younger business travelers, to give Hyatt something to compete in business categories against Hilton's, Holiday Inn and Starwood brands. The design is modern, with service minimized to the essentials for well seasoned business travellers, like a small bar, breakfast area, 2 room split suite with euro-type decor with male color tones, self check-in kiosks, and 42 inch Plasma TV with HD programs.This one is a good value, as it is located in OldTown Scottsdale, just a couple of blocks from a large choice of trendy bars and restaurants, and not far from the Scottsdale Art district. Most of the Hyatt Places are located east of the Missisippi, and only 3 or 4 in California so far. Starwood has responded with a newer, similar concept, called their "aLoft" brand, with the same trendy hip loft like concept. I got a rate of $134, which isn't bad for the beginning of SnowBird season, when rates creap higher in the Valley, especially in Scottsdale.
4	Colors! I love the color circle patterns on the room key, the pastel pens, the fun note pads and the matching motif (lamps, carpet, comforter, art, ice bucket, etc.) throughout the room. You've got hand it to Hyatt, they've done a nice job of packaging/branding their mid-range entry into this hotel market niche.Huge bonus, the wide screen plasma TV, viewed from the living room area or the bedroom.The staff is very friendly & natural, not robotic like behavior you occasionally find at the front desk of their sister properties - Hyatt Regency.When traveling anywhere I look for a Hyatt Place first. Check it out, they have some good deals.
1	We stayed at the Hyatt Place in Scottsdale in January, 2009.  For all of us it was our first time staying at a Hyatt Place (I'd actually never heard of the chain).  The amenities were nice, the rooms were spacious, and the free WiFi was great.   The lack of room service was a bit of an annoyance but apparently serves as an indication of how the hotel views hospitality at large.  Never in all my hotel stays (which range over 100 times a year) have I been so poorly treated by hotel staff.  I cannot, would not, and will not ever recommend staying at this hotel - no matter how much you save over local competitors or how pretty the lobby decorations are.
3	Free Breakfest is nice. But theres individual air units in each room, making it a bit noisy in my opinion. Such a nice looking hotel should have central AC. The management also needs to put door slammer thingies, cause all day - you hear BLAMMMM because your neighbors are closing the doors. The hotel is also not in walking distance to anything to eat or buy... So you will need a car.
4	I stayed here for a recent business trip and I was pleasantly surprised. It was my first staying at a Hyatt Place. It was great for my business trip as they had a small coffee & wine bar in the lobby, plus a small dining area for breakfast and lunch, etc. Additionally, there was plenty of power outlets to keep my laptop and phone charged near the television. The large swiveling TV that can be viewed from the bedroom and living area is a nice touch. It is located just around the corner from a few dinner and bar options. The only problem with this is that on Saturday nights you have to show your parking pass before they let you in the rear parking lot. It's to prevent local club goers from parking there.
3	Just checked out of this place. BUT I am using their free internet.This hotel is pretty awesome. I booked a weekend here since I am looking for a new place to live in the area (moving from Las Vegas). The location is great! Its in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale, so you have fantastic bars, restaurants, shops, and of course....Fashion Square Mall. One of the things I LOVED about this place is the automated check-in. You don't have to deal with some random person going through the whole process of checking you in.I love the room. Bed was ok. More on that in a minute. Tvhe room had a killer wet bar, and couch. The usual desk. a GIGANTIC (for a hotel) 42" HD television, and a good bathroom with nice smelling soap. Seriously. Steal it.The breakfast bar is "ok"...not great. I guess you get what you pay for (it's free). If you want "real" food, it's available for an extra cost.NOW, it's time to be not so nice, and knock it down two stars for two important reasons:1. The mattress needed to be flipped. There is no reason for a bed to be slightly tilted to one side. Horrible. Uncomfortable. I had to "sleep" in weird positions to be sane.2. The "front desk" people. They are a bit creepy like those sales reps at Best Buy. You know, the ones who work on commission and hound everyone for any shred of eye contact. That's how the people are here. Even at the check-in kiosk, I had people trying to talk to me. Not to be a a jerk or anything, but if everything at a hotel is self-serve, I'd rather do it all myself rather than need people guiding me.The other thing that bugged is everytime I was in and out of the hotel, I was greeted. It might be some corporate thing for employees to greet guests, but this was a bit overboard. Lighten up people. All in all, it's a great deal. I paid just over 60 bucks a night for a fantastic hotel. Just a couple of quirks which held it back from a legendary experience.
5	I stayed at this hotel last night, and we had a great stay. We were celebrating my friend's birthday, and didn't want to drink and drive. So we booked this hotel on Expedia for under $100/night (2 bed suite) because of it's price and location to the clubs in Scottsdale. The room was remodeled and looked fabulous, the check in process was extremely easy, and the staff were very helpful. We walked to all of the nearby clubs (literally in the parking lot of this hotel). Will stay here again for sure! But next time, I'll make sure to get up early and eat at the awesome continental breakfast. Wow, looked like a really nice eat in kitchen!!
5	K so its totally unlike me to do a review on anything other than restaurants but I felt I needed to spread the word about this fabulous hotel. I hosted a bachelorette party and booked this hotel for me and a few of the party people to stay at. I was worried that there would be some speed bumps when trying to check in, the quality of the room, etc. But no, everything was amazing!!! Check in was easy, I was able to get do early check in with no problem, late 2:00 checkout for free, and get a room on the bottom floor since I had alot to carry in and set up in the room. The room was fairly large and nicely decorated. There was a huge sectional couch, a wet bar with fridge, two queen beds, large LCD TV, granite counter tops, free wifi, free parking, and free continental breakfast for a little over 100.00 a night. The beds were very comfortable and I loved that the sink and mirrors were outside of the bathroom so the space was large enough for a bunch of girls getting ready. The staff was very friendly and accomodating giving us complimentary bottles of water and helping to accomodate my guests parking. Did I mention that it was within walking distance to the clubs (Across the parking lot from Revolver, Martini Ranch) and also dining? PERFECT LOCATION if you are partying in Old Town Scottsdale. The only negative was the breakfast (usual continental breakfast of breads, danishes, juice, cereal and fruit) but with everything else, I can't complain about something that is not even offered at some hotels during the economic crisis we are experiencing now.
4	I spent 1 week in Scottsdale for the San Francisco Giants Fantasy Camp and we stayed at the Hyatt.  Nice amenities and the service was spot on.  We didn't have a lot of requests, but it was nice to have free internet, continental breakfast in the morning, and comfy beds.  The layout of the rooms are a bit weird because the flat screen TV is in an odd place but other than that, had a great experience.  One of the employees mentioned that the quiet area is to the left.  On the right, there are a few nightclubs and if you are looking for peace and quiet, you won't find that in your room on that side.
4	The Hyatt Place Scottsdale is a hidden jewel in old town, just off the main drag this place is perfect for a weekend getaway.  They offer complimentary breakfast which is pretty standard but nice and even have "real" plates and utensils vs. plastic products.  They also have free WIFI and the rooms are HUGE!  It is a great place to take the family since the kids can stay in the first part of the room on the sofa sleeper while you can crash on the comfy bed closer to the TV.The only reason I give 4 stars vs. a perfect 5 is because the pool is really small and not that great.  If they upgraded the pool a bit they would be golden.
4	Once again, the Hyatt Place hits a home run. This is the second time I've stayed at a Hyatt Place and my experience was just as good as the first time. The layout was practically the same. Whenever I walked in, I was promptly greeted.The room was clean and fresh and big! You can easily have a small family in one room and not feel two crowded. You have the extra large couch to relax. TThis might be a strange thing to place, but the shower head was awesome.There is a pool at this location as well as the breakfast in the morning.This place is very close to Old Town Scottsdale and within a few minutes of lots of shopping, places to eat etc.. There was a location to use the internet, which was nice. Some places charge for even just a short period of time.
5	Had a great stay at the Hyatt Place and would recommend to anyone visiting the Phoenix area. Staff was great and went above and beyond to make the stay enjoyable. Nice pool set up and the free breakfast spread was top notch. I'll be back for spring training next year!
4	Stayed here last weekend for a little Mets @ Arizona Diamondbacks summer getaway. Booked two nights for Friday and Saturday night and, because it's summer, it was dirt cheap. They were in the process of remodeling a lot of the rooms but that didn't really bother me. They didn't start construction until around 10:30AM.The hotel is in a perfect location if you're going out to the bars/clubs in Scottsdale. It's like a block away from them. I was on the 6th floor and you could still hear the clubs at night but it wasn't so bad that you couldn't sleep. If you have trouble sleeping with any noise, it might be too close to those places. It's also super close to shopping, like 3 blocks from the Fashion Square Mall. Not so close that you don't want to drive when it's 110 degrees out, though.The rooms looked like a nice studio apartment. Refrigerator, coffee maker, desk and chair and a sweet L-shaped couch with rolling ottoman. The bed was super comfortable, too. The free WiFi is always cool. The hotel offers a "skillet breakfast" in the lobby in the morning. It was pretty good. Egg muffins and pancakes and juices and coffee, oh my.Parking was free but there were limited spaces because of the construction trash bins in the lot. Saturday night I got the last space in the lot at around 9:30PM. I'm sure this problem will be gone when they finish the room construction. In all, this was a great hotel for the rate. It'd be harder to pay two or three times as much for the same room.
4	I stayed here because I knew I was going to be WAY too drunk to drive home and it was way cheaper than taking a cab home and then back the next morning to get my car. This is virtually identical to any Hyatt place:fairly modern, a good size room with a separate living room, free wi-fi complimentary spartan brekkie.  The staff is friendly and tolerant of drunkards as best I could tell. There was a tour bus of people staying at the hotel and I wound up having beer and cigarettes outside with a couple of them until about 4:00am-good times!This is close enough to most venues in Old Town so this I think will be my hotel of choice for my next bender in Scottsdale. Close enough for a walk if you're at least somewhat coherent. If not, hail one of the complimentary golf cart drivers and have them deliver your drunk ass.
4	We had to make an emergency trip to Scottsdale for family reasons, and were lucky to find two rooms here, for five nights, on one day notice.  Since we usually travel to Scottsdale at least once a year to visit family I can definitely say that we will be staying here again.I should note that my husband and I are Hyatt loyalists, but this is the first time staying at a Hyatt Place.  The staff was efficient and friendly, the lobby decor was modern and bright, and the free buffet breakfast pleased my husband and stepson (I am celiac and could not eat most of their offerings).  I did enjoy the availability of 24 hour Starbucks lattes, though.  There is also a menu of reasonably priced food available 24 hours a day.  The room itself was very spacious, quiet, and very clean, with comfortable double beds and a large living area with a corner sofa, hassock, desk, lowboy dresser, and wet bar with refrigerator.  There was an enormous flat-screen television visible from both the living and sleeping areas.  The bathroom had a lot of counter and drawer space for all of my cosmetics and paraphernalia, and the toilet/bathtub area was small, but adequate.  The only thing we had trouble with was keeping the room cool enough, but after tinkering with the AC unit a little we figured it out.  75 degrees is just too warm for people who live in Knoxville, Tennessee!  My husband and I will definitely return to stay here.  We consider it a very good value.
4	Great room, great location and really helpful staff.  The bed was super comfy and the decor in the room was modern and updated!  I loved the sectional couch that was in the room, it made it possible for 2 people to lay down and watch TV.The continental breakfast is also a great perk for those staying here.  It has lots of options for everyone!  I would definitely recommend this place again!
5	Fantastic property!!!!  I made this reservation with Hotwire and got a great deal 85 bucks! In Scotsdale old town no less.  lobby is beautiful and well organized.  You feel welcomed from the minute you step in.  Colors, furtiture, decor all well done and modern but not over tbe top. Staff is great,polite,proffesional and quick.  Our room s a siute with two full beds, huge couch 42inch TV , work desk, mini fridge,usual coffe maker.  I like the extra sink so this is not crowding the bathroom counter. Ifeel very comfortable and relaxed.  Beds are Hyatt quality soft and cozy.  I hope my next Hotwire success lands me here again....Love it!
3	Stayed for 3 nights a few weeks back and the room was quite nice. Pleasant stay.
3	3.5 starI have been staying at the Hyatt House, one block over on Drinkwater Blvd, and decided to try the Hyatt Place based on a positive stay in Kansas City. Given a choice, I like the other location better. The price is a wash, but the Hyatt House has a Suite style room with a kitchen. Also, you enter your unit directly versus walking through the lobby. Both have free breakfast/wifi, a pool and are located several 100 yards apart. If you are traveling with more than 1, the Hyatt Place room is really small compared to the Hyatt House and I love having the HH full sized refrigerator.Confusing as they are next to each other and almost identical prices!
4	Great location in Old Town Scottsdale. Room was only $89 on Memorial Day weekend for a suite. They don't have room service, but they have a food menu: you call in your order. When it's ready, the call your room, and you go down and pick it up. The food was good!
4	We had to stay in Scottsdale just as a stopping point before the Grand Canyon so we needed a place to sleep really. Unfortunately, our plans changed and we got to this hotel at 3am to check in. So we didn't get to check out the local area at all. The hotel itself was very nice and clean. Fast quick customer service. We booked one room for 4 adults on a Friday during Memorial Day weekend. We went through Priceline and got the room for $102 after taxes. There was free parking, free wifi, and free hot breakfast. I don't know why some reviewers complained about the breakfast. Obviously it's not going to be a grand buffet. I thought it was cool they even offered anything at no cost. The breakfast was from I think 7-9:30am. They offered the usual coffee, tea, bread, bagels, donuts, juices, milk, cereal, oatmeal, fruit, and hot egg, bacon, cheese breakfast sandwiches. I thought the breakfast was nice and the sandwiches were not greasy like at a fast food place. It was convenient we went downstairs to grab the food and brought it back to the room for the husbands.  We didn't have to leave the hotel and waste any time in our schedule. The room had two queen size beds, but they felt like full size beds. The sitting area was large for a regular room that wasn't a suite.  The room had a nice big couch which had a pullout bed too. There was a desk and a mini fridge in the room. No microwave. The room and bathroom was very clean and spacious for 4 adults.
4	It's an older Hyatt Place than I've stayed in before but it is clean, spacious, and has an accommodating staff.  Nice complimentary breakfast bar with good coffee every morning starting at 6:30 am.  It even has a small bar for an emergency drink which is very important to me.  Good comfy beds with nice pillows too!My only weird thing for me is the tile in the shower freaked me out.  Maybe it's time to replace.
5	For a great reasonably-priced hotel very centrally located in Scottsdale, Hyatt place ROCKED!  I stayed here for work during the week since I have a certain budget to stick to and was pleasantly surprised by how wonderful the staff and experience was!  They have a small cardio room for a gym but offer a full, LA Fitness gym access if you show your room key (highly recommend). The staff is so so helpful...they go out of their way to show you around, make you feel comfortable and it even includes a yummy free continental breakfast.  Can't go wrong!
4	Friendly staff, Rooms have couches and fridge. Great pool
4	My husband and I spend 4 nights, first we were concerned because of the remodeling process that is going on in the hotel. But the very warm and caring staff and to see all the great changes that is already going on favor of us the guests, we really enjoyed the rest of our trip and accommodation. The hotel staff will go out of their way to please their guests! Thank you Karli and the rest of the staff! Sincerely,Sandra Thompson (Houston TX)
5	This is my second home while here in Scottsdale. I travel frequently to Phoenix/Scottsdale and stay here more than any other place. Great location. Lots of restaurants within walking distance. Nice rooms. Very comfortable beds. Breakfast is delicious and complimentary! WiFi is dependable and free. Hyatt Place has apples that make a great snack. Earlier this year I completed a survey, commenting on the fact that there was no lotion available in the rooms. The next time I checked in, they offered me lotion. Now, a few months later, lotion is stocked in the rooms. Thank you Hyatt Place for being responsive.
4	I stayed here last weekend during a girls weekend out. We wanted some place near Old Town where we could walk to our destinations. This place was perfect for that. Location was awesome. Pool was just okay. Don't expect a Scottsdale pool party here. Just a laid back place to spend an hour or 2. Continental breakfast was pretty good. They had all sorts of stuff, some better than others but we were all able to find something to eat. Bagels, fruit, coffee, and toast all just fine. The room was okay. Beds are double, not queen so a little tight. Bathroom is smaller but for our needs it was fine. I would stay here again if I do another over-nighter in Scottsdale.
5	I give it 4 1/2 close to 5 stars. First time staying here. Chose it because of the price, the fact it had a fridge, the room looked spacious and it said it was close to Old Town. Was not disappointed! Rooms are so spacious, beds comfy, it was nice having a couch, hotel is well kept, lobby was nice, staff friendly, continental breakfast was good. Only one downfall but not worth not staying here again or recommending to family/friends is how small the bathroom (shower/toilet only) is plus poor lighting. Old Town is literally 2 blocks up which is perfect because there're cute shops everywhere.
4	GREAT LOCATION, CLEAN & COMFORTABLEWhen I'm on someone else's nickel, I keep it reasonable but that doesn't stop me from getting the best bang for the $$$. Just blocks away from Scottsdale Fashion Square and 20 minutes to the office.  Parking is complimentary and so is the continental breakfast served between 6:30 til 9:30.I requested king bed on the top floor and they delivered as requested. Swivel HDTV with a cool panel for electronic accessories is a nice feature. Free WiFi but requires signing in every 24 hours. Contemporary feel throughout and step in shower to boot.Little bit of hallway noise but otherwise it's genuinely comfortable and clean. Most important feature is a nice firm bed.
4	It's my favorite place to stay in Scottsdale (well, for non-resorts, that is).  It's the best location in Old Town Scottsdale.It has really nice suite-style rooms, super clean, and the lobby features a grille, a coffee/Starbucks, and is very modern styled.  I love Hyatt Places throughout the country, but this one rocks.The one downside (or upside?) is, the NE side of the hotel faces 2 or 3 loud bars, and at times, plays the music super loud.  Whenever the club doors open, BOOM BOOM BOOM goes right up to your room.(Pssssttt...I kind of like it!)
5	If you're looking for a place in Old Town Scottsdale to stay for Spring Training (especially if you're a SF Giants fan - we aren't, but everyone staying here is), this is it.  While on the expensive side ($299/night weekends), it is well worth it.  Walking distance to all the great bars and restaurants, free breakfast, great and accomodating staff, free parking, and clean and comfortable rooms.  It's our third year in a row staying here, and we have already booked our next visit for 2015!
3	Nice hotel. Good location and clean. The parking situation isn't perfect but it isn't extremely bad either. The TV in my room sat at a bit of an odd angle. The staff is friendly and extremely helpful. I'm not typically a Hyatt guy but I will be back at this hotel.
5	I LOVED this hotel, and I rarely LOVE a hotel. I do a lot of traveling and have stayed in a lot of very expensive hotels, this was hotel had the BEST staff and service I've ever experienced. I came here for spring training and my bachelorette party. Me and 8 of my girlfriends. The rooms were large enough for 4 of us to a room, and we didn't feel cramped getting ready. I would definitely stay here again.
4	Great, helpful staff here. The breakfast is good too. They have a pool but it's pretty standard. Nothing special. The location is great. Close to bars, restaurants, old town etc. As far as hotel rooms go, these are pretty nice. It is a step down from a regular Hyatt tho so that's the reason for the 4 stars.
5	I don't know if it was because we stayed here on Memorial Day or because of my friend's hyatt rewards, but our room was huge. We had a little den area, a big fold-out couchbed and two comfortable queen size beds. I had a decent night's sleep with that for $110 a night. Breakfast in the morning was a big plus, too.
4	I have to say, for what we paid for, this place was a great deal! I guess the only thing I would say that I didn't like was that the breakfast was from 6:30-9:30am only! I like when places have breakfast until 10/1030, but no big deal!When I first walked in, I was a little confused because it looked like a restaurant/lounge, but it's also where you check in. I like that you can order food at anytime throughout the day, and they call your room when it's ready. The staff is friendly as well.Oh, and I think they could have cleaned the windows (bird poop all over mine!) but the room was very nice! Large desk, sectional couch--comfortable enough to sleep on, sink for the kitchenette, great smelling soap (as someone said in a previous review). The living area and beds are also divided by a little wall, so it made for a peaceful rest while my friends watched a movie.Anyway, I truly recommend staying here if you're in Scottsdale! It's walking distance to many restaurants and close enough to the mall as well! Loved it!
4	Very nice hotel option in Scottsdale. Walking distance to great restaurants in Old Town. Clean, spacious rooms. Nice pool area. Also, one of the better free breakfasts offered by a hotel.The fitness room is the only thing severely lacking with just 1 elliptical, 2 treadmills and a bike.
4	I found this place via booking.com and am very pleased to have done so.  I was just passing through, doing a drive from northern New Mexico to San Diego.Location is convenient because it is centrally located and very close to many restaurants and stores.  Also near Fry's Electronics (I am a guy so cut me some slack) about a block and a half away.As said by a previous reviewer, check in was a little confusing because the lobby triples as a bar and breakfast nook.  It took me about 10 seconds to survey the area and determine where the front desk was.  After that all was GOOD.I even had to use the facilities soo bad that I just handed the desk person my credit card and drivers license and I went straight to the restroom.  When I got back he had my parking pass and room keys ready for me.  He offered to give me a tour of the lobby area but I declined and said I just wanted to get to bed.Upon entering the room, it was like a booking.com commercial where I was the raggedy traveler, exhausted after my 10 hour commute, and after opening the door all I wanted to do was a fist pump.  The room was huge.  I had reserved a room with two double beds.  Exactly as pictured on both booking.com and Hyatt website.  Actually it was a bit better than the pictures because the seating area is ginormous, it could easily seat six.  I think the sofa might also convert to a bed?  Anyways its very comfy as it is where I am comfortably sitting right now writing this review.  The beds are extremely poofy yet very comfortable.  ( Being the large mammal that I am I usually prefer very firm beds but after tonight I might reconsider.  Maybe I will have to experience round two and do a 20 minute power nap before check out so I can get another data point).  Gym is 24/7 in the hotel plus they partner with a local gym where you get free access, for those extreme gym rats that MUST get their pump on everyday.I think the only other issues I had with the place is the small toilet/shower area because if you were sitting on the toilet and someone wanted to use the shower, it would take a bit of body contortions to open the door and let someone in.  But who takes a shower while someone uses the toilet at the same time in a tiny little room... Gross.Ohh, ice machines are at the end of the hallways on the ODD floors only.  A minor inconvenience, but I can live with it.Love this place a will use it again and on my travels through this area.Great value.
3	Well for the same price (about $75) in the summer, you could have gotten a free cookie at the Doubletree, so why not match that service here instead of charging three bucks per cookie. They should serve those cookies at the breakfast buffet, instead of poor quality danish. The coffee needs an upgrade as well and it would be nice to have flavored cream. The breakfast, despite some hot sandwiches, is one step below Hampton Inn.  Hyatt has a very small pool and on weekends the entire parking lot is roped off for valet club parking. Most of the staff here are pretty nice and will help you out with almost any request, but another negative is that the AC temperature gauge doesn't work properly and they will give you the speech about how it is located on the other side of the room and that is the reason. The gauge does not go below 77 even though you can push it down to 71. The living and bedroom are not separated by a partition and this is a room that is really only worth summer rates. Things could be worse, but not the best value in the summer.
5	Always stay here on business.
5	Enjoyed our one night stay while in Scottsdale the night before we attended Eagles game at Cardinal stadium. Great location, spacious rooms, good breakfast and friendly helpful staff. My only complaint was the coffee was weak, almost like dirty water.
3	This is in a good location close to the fashion square mall. It had free wifi and breakfast. Breakfast was fair. Usually warm breakfast sandwiches were quite dry but if I took the bottom of the bun off it wasn't as bad. Definitely something for everyone to eat. The staff was fair, not great. The elevators floors were filthy and did not seem to be vacuumed at all and we were there 3 nights. The rooms were nice and roomy although it was hard to get in and out of the bathroom and we are not big people! In my opinion I paid too much to stay here. With exchange and taxes it cost me 190$ a night. Way too much for this hotel.
