5	I started going to Dr. Gong when I first needed glasses in 8th grade, and she has always been amazing.  A very warm, kind person that makes you feel at home during your checkup, and also very knowledgeable.  I've always gotten the right prescription and had any questions answered by her.  I'd definitely recommend her if you need an eye exam.
1	I have a very manageable case of keratoconus that has been treated for about 20 years by piggybacking a pair of hard lenses on top of soft lenses. I needed to find a new eye doctor after moving to Phoenix from California. Dr. Gong was a referral from Cornea Eye Care. I regret that it would have been easier for me to simply fly back to California for my eye exam than endure what I did with Dr. Gong. The simple facts of my situation are that I went to see her for a routine check up in late July after having some headaches (typically a predictable symptom that it might be time for a prescription change). I dutifully forwarded my the file of my vision history from my previous doctor in California, but I'm doubtful that Dr. Gong ever carefully reviewed it. Instead, she had her army of residents, young doctors presumably near graduation, tend to most of my initial consultations.  The doctor very quickly came in to the exam room only to review their findings and then suggest the course of action.I even remarked to one that "Dr. Gong spends less time with her patients than most ER doctors."After a dozen consultations - week after week - until nearly November, Dr. Gong attempted different adjustments to power, fit, and materials for my lenses. Each iteration proved either painful or ineffective.I finally suggested that she review the file form CA and try to use the same materials, etc. But that was the final straw. Why on earth should a patient have to guide and counsel the physician?!  I eventually gave up and said goodbye to Dr. Gong.The next doctor I went to carefully reviewed my file from California and made a minor power change. Within one consultation I had lenses that were comfortable and my vision was restored. So I'll leave it to you, dear reader, as to whether or not Dr. Gong deserves your business.I will say that her practice is busy and so she must be offering satisfactory service to many of her other clients. But I shudder to think how much time I wasted leaving work early to go back and forth to Dr. Gong's office in a fruitless attempt to get my vision corrected.
5	We were recommended to Accent Eye Care, Dr. A. Gong by two well known eye surgeon here in the Valley. If it weren't for these two eye surgeons, I would have gone blind. So when they recommended Accent Eye Care, Dr. A. Gong, I knew that my wife and I would be in the hands of the best medical professional we could find.I had a very special request for a contact lense due to my extensive eye surgeries. Dr. Gong and her staff met my needs with true professionalism. My wife's visit was to get a new prescription for eyeglasses.During the required test, they noticed my wifes left eye was blood shot. They began to do different eye exams and then took her blood pressure and found her pressure to be very high. Dr's. Gong and Logan discussed with us my wifes medical issue. They both found a bleed in back of her eye. We went to see my wifes cardiologist per their request that day and she was put through many tests.Dr.'s Gong and Logan continued to monitor my wife's condition and referring her to Retinal Consultants of Arizona.To make a long story short, If it was not for Dr.'s Gong and Logan concerned for my wife's well being and even taking time to check her blood pressure and do other tests, my wife could have died. Not at that time but, in the matter of days or weeks from a stroke or even an Aneurysm.We thank God everyday for Dr.'s Gong and Logan in having gone way beyond the call of duty in pursuing my wifes eye issues. They did not stop until they found what the issues were.Thank you from the bottom of our hearts,  Dr.'s Gong and Logan for saving my wifes life.We will never forget,Your patient forever,Ray & Lonnie Gonella
3	I have been to see Dr Gong twice now.  The first time I went (a couple years ago), Dr Gong performed my exam and I was pleased with the results.  This time when I went, I was first taken to a room by an assistant who performed some preliminary test.  This is pretty standard.  I was then told that Dr. Gong was busy with another patient and that a senior intern would begin my exam until the Dr was ready if I didn't mind.  I guess I could have said I minded, but I thought the Doctor would be in soon.  Well, that never happened.  She did pop in at the end, smile and say hi, but was not in any way part of the exam.  If you're like me, you do some research about credentials before choosing a doctor.  Dr. Gong has excellent credentials, but I don't know about her interns.  I chose Accent based on Dr. Gongs credentials, not because I heard she has good interns.  I don't think I will return.  The other issue I have is that after dilation, it is hard to choose a set of frames.  My vision was so blurry that I couldn't really make a decision, so didn't end up buying new glasses.  I will either have to return later or purchase elsewhere.   Probably the latter as I didn't think the selection of frames was that great.
5	Dr Gong Is Amazing!  Vision therapy that my kids received here has had I credible results.  We have been coming to Dr. gong for 5 years her eye exams are always very detail oriented.
