4	Bigger Bite is a new restaurant that's housed in a building that has seen many different restaurants come & go throughout the years, but this one appears ready to make a go of it.  I thought it was a good, solid restaurant with excellent service, pretty good food & at an affordable price.First off, the service.  We were greeted by a very friendly lady who ended up being our waitress.  She had our menus and silverware already in hand and we were walked right to our table.  We didn't even slow down when we came in the front door, the seating was that quick.  Throughout the meal, she joked with us, had an amazing attitude & gave us good recommendations and info about the place itself.  The menu has a lot of great choices and she helped us narrow it down.  We started off with an appetizer of cheese sticks, which were good, but probably a little overpriced at $6.99, but the rest of the food was very affordable.  My friend had Shawerma Sub w/ beef, which appeared like a Philly Steak style sandwich, but was seasoned differently as it's an Egyptian style meat combination with onions, parsley & tomatoes.  I had a Buffalo Chicken sandwich.  Both dishes came with fries.  All of our food was very good, but the chef/cook had gotten a little overzealous with the Buffalo sauce on my sandwich.  Other than that the food was very well cooked.  All in all, I think her meal was under $10 and mine was over, but only because of the cheese sticks.  A very good meal that makes me want to go back and try one of the dinner type dishes like their meat loaf, pot roast or macaroni & cheese (casserole).  Tip:  If you want to eat breakfast for lunch, get there before 1pm when they shut down the breakfast station.
1	This is university area. It should not be so expensive. $28 for two. Kabobs also should be better. The first and last time...
4	Had the Egyptian Chicken Wrap and Egyptian Potato Salad. Outstanding tastes!!!
4	Whoa, nelly, what a breakfast!!!  My friend and I were hungry for a starchy, gut-busting brunch on Sunday and the line to the International House of Pranksters was out the door, so we opted for a lesser-known breakfast joint in the University area.Bigger Bite is located in a restaurant with several re-incarnations, all of which have left traces of their pasts.  In the latest re-incarnation, Bigger Bite is a soul food/Egyptian restaurant with cool murals of pyramids.  We were greeted and seated by the gracious owner, whose name I found out was Eva.  We began our breakfast with excellent coffee (unlike so many soul food restaurants) and I order the lumber jack breakfast platter.  For $7, it include 2 eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, and hashbrowns.  The plate skimped on the meat and over-compensated with starches, in my opinion, but was quite tasty.  Of course, I ordered the large orange juice, 20 oz. to be exact.  I think the owner was the lone server that morning and the wait was longer than I expected, but she did a fantastic job of re-filling our coffee and making sure that we had everything we needed.  I haven't tried the lunch menu, which by the looks was thoroughly Egyptian. But I can safely vouch for the thoroughly American breakfast-this place puts IHOP to shame!
5	GREAT place! The service is good, but the food is EXQUISITE! And it's halal, so even better. I had one of the best steak quesadillas I ever ate yesterday here. 5 stars all the way.
3	I have to keep reminding myself that the beef shawarma wrap i had wasn't actually unpleasant. Bigger bite didn't provide me with a bad meal. The meat was well spiced and the portion was substantial. Still, when your tahini is super runny and your wrap is a flour tortilla I am left slightly wanting.I would have appreciated some evidence of a food menu posted above the walk out counter, as well. Since there was only an ice cream menu there I sat down at a table to receive a menu even though I wanted takeout. The menu makes no mention of the side item that my wrap comes with. Technically, it is supposed to be fries, but they let you swap out for any other side (I went with the veggie of the day: broccoli/cauliflower).  Add the $7.49 meal to the tip for sitting down $9 and change doesn't sound like a lot for a full meal...except all I wanted was a to-go wrap. I can get that, prepared with a pita wrap and thicker tahini, for under $5 down in the middle eastern community on S. Sharon Amity. And that is exactly what I shall be doing from now on.Like I said, if you are up in University Bigger Bite isn't a bad choice. It's just not the best choice if you are free to roam.
4	Tried it for lunch today. Loved it. Had the Koshari and loved it though think I'll leave the chicken off next time, detracts from the favors. portion was huge,  enough for lunch tomorrow too  Our server was great (Eva) , resturant was spotless  .  A great option to the typical hamburger lunch. If you go please order from the egyptian menu.  I cannot wait to try their breakfast.
2	I wish I can write a good review despite the fact the lady owner is nice. I agree with some of reviewers that this place is a bit pricely for breakfast. For two people my bill was twenty dollars and I just ordered  two regular breakfast entrees and coffees and I think the owner overcharged my bill. I rather have a business gains loyalty first then people will come and eat eventually. The portion of the good wasn't huge and I didn't ordered the 3.99 special. For 5.99 I expect better portion. Next time I will for to I Hop and Panera for better food and quality. Not going there again.
4	This is a nice little diner with a very interesting assortment of food styles and origins.  The woman who works here, who I assume owns the place, is pleasant and very friendly.  I would definitely go back for any meal and take friends with me.  The combination of classic America and Egyptian food is interesting to say the least, and there's nothing wrong with that.
5	Really loved the selection and variety they had to offer, so much on the menu so its perfect for when you don't quite know what you're in the mood for. Friendly staff, nice diner feel, would definitely recommend!
2	I went today with a co worker for lunch.  I am sure the cook at the shelter cooks better than this place.  Although the lady was nice and the portions are huge.  No seasoning and the quality was substandard.   I wasted money on this place.  I will not be returning.
1	If there was an option to give 0 stars, I would have picked that. So I went to this place last night. And the food was OK... nothing fabulous. It was very average. What got me was that the place was empty for a friday night, there was maybe one more couple in the restaurant. So after we orderered it took maybe 20min before our food arrived. I couldnt believe the wait was so long when the place was EMPTY. So our food finally arrived and as stated before, the food was at best mediocre.We finished our meal with the server no where in sight, finally we got tired of waiting and walked up to the register and asked for our bill. Our total bill was about $36. Based on the food and service, I thought I was being generous leaving a $2 tip, but I guess the waitress didnt think so because she chased me outside to parking lot to tell me that it was a mandatory 15% tip... you can only inmagine my shock... My husband out of total embarrasement started giving her more than the 15% she was asking for, but I didnt let him, aside from her not deserving it, now it was just plain principal... I couldnt believe the audacity of these ppl... So if your planning to dine here, which I STRONGLY recommend that you DON'T, be ready to pay a 15% gratuity whether you feel they deserve it or not.I WILL NEVER COME HERE AGAIN.
3	There are unfortunately not too many options when you are looking for breakfast. Sure, the usual cast of characters is there - Cracker Barrel, IHOP, Waffle House, fast food and if you are in the right part of town (or the wrong part, depending on your take), you might find a diner or two. But otherwise? You are usually out of luck.Since they were open, we decided to try Bigger Bite. I mean really - what sounds better than a place called Bigger Bite, right? Unfortunately they were not that impressive, unless your regular bites are toddler-sized.The food itself was good and the service was certainly passable. But most of what you get is pretty much on the starch side - potatoes (chunks), hash browns (shredded) or grits, as well as some toast and pancakes.Me, if I order something like "The Lumberjack" or "The Hungry Man" - the difference being an egg and a piece of meat - you expect to come away full. I didn't. I was disappointed.
