2	2 stars based soley on customer service. I actually loved this place, great finds, at really affordable prices, I'm a fan of their merchandise (can be a little rough), location, and prices (merchandise sometimes needs a little work, and prices reflect that). I would tell everyone and anyone I know that is looking for mid century furnishings...even a few that aren't. Not any longer. I believe one of the owners names is Jeremy, really nice guy and very pleasant to deal with. Ryan, the other owner, not so much. Such a shame, I will have to refrain from shopping there any longer due to my last visit and my unpleasant experience...**I will add that Ryan was cool enough to message me and apologize for my bad experience...pretty rad and appreciated**
5	Wow!  Love Modern Manor.  The atmosphere is very cool- Mad Men anyone??  The prices are great and the merchandise is very fun.  There is truly something for everyone in this store.  As for the coment left by Melissa F, I have delt with Ryan multiple times and he has been nothing but helpful.  Actually, everyone there is welcoming, fun and helpful!  I had a great experience and would recomend this store to anyone and everyone!!
5	I personally am I huge fan of Modern Manor! Every time i've gone I have gotten amazing service. The pieces there are so fun and unique. I have dealt with all the owners there and honestly it has always been a great experience. Between the amazing furniture and knick-knacks, and the great owners ,the place really makes you feel at home. Also, the rate that they turnover pieces there is CRAZY! If you see something you like when you first go, i recommend getting it right away- because I have waited before and things have gotten purchased by others! I I highly recommend this store to anyone looking for mid-century modern furniture.
5	Modern Manor is my favorite vintage stop in Phoenix. The owners are awesome and their inventory is amazing and diverse. I got a great retro patio set at a very good price -- with free and speedy, same-day delivery. I can't wait to make my next purchase from them. Seriously: cannot recommend enough. If you're in the market for high-end, reasonably priced mid-century furniture, you've got to stop by Modern Manor.
5	I would dare to say this is the best spot in the Valley to find unique, retro modern home furnishings.  They have a VERY wide variety of items from knick knacks to wall units to artwork to beds.  I've even seen an old trailer there!  I love that the prices are reasonable.  There are sometimes items that are worth more money because they are from some famous designer or something, but there are plenty of items for people like me; don't care about the brand name, just want cool stuff for my house and can't afford to pay thousands of bucks!  I have had a great experience with the owners (both Ryan & Kylie and Jeremy) every time I've gone in.  They'll let you browse, or help you find something specific.  They are super knowledgeable and seem very honest.  NOT at all pushy or "salesy" and have great style and decor ideas for those of us who need some help finding our "vision!"  Go check them out!
5	I couldn't help but love almost everything in the store.  Mid-Century Modern finds that were in really good condition.  Those working the day I came were very relaxed, warm and friendly.  The store set up is great and they've made it really easy and accessible to see and examine all the beautiful things.  The merchandise is well selected and of good quality... also affordable prices :)  Wished I lived in Phoenix.... I'd be here looking to furnish my dwelling all the time!
5	We went in search of Art in the Phoenix area yesterday.  We started at SMoCA and were highly disappointed.  We decided to venture downtown and check out some of the little antique and thrifts around.  When we entered this store I was immediately impressed withe depth and quality of their products!  Very nice pieces and the ART that we finally were seeking was found!  Such a fun time.  All the people we encountered who worked there were very nice and made us feel welcome.  Thanks for the art!  Finally!
5	I've never been a fan of shopping, but when I entered Modern Manor an hour seemed like ten minutes. Their selection of mid-century modern furniture was eclectic and intriguing with varied prices to suit any budget. Their selection was huge, but not overwhelming -- you could comfortably walk around the store without bumping into things.  During my "ten minutes" I felt welcomed, as if I'd been a customer for years. Jeremy's insight and willingness to share information was just the beginning of a great experience.  I eventually ended up purchasing a Danish credenza, but with a few requests. I essentially needed the credenza to transform into an entertainment center, which consisted of cutting out the back so my 80lb amplifier could breath. Without question, Jeremy cut out the back, applied a new coat of teak, and then delivered the credenza by the end of the day. Whoa! I don't know too many businesses that would do all that effort with a genuine smile on their face, but Modern Manor did it in spades. Possibly one of the best shopping experiences to date. I highly recommend this customer-oriented (Nordstrom-like), mid-century furniture store just north of downtown Phoenix.
5	Eclectic, vintage modern, and unusual objects and furniture. The owners have a strong eye for furnishings and art. I always find something cool and unexpected here.
5	This is less of a showroom and more of a museum to mid-century modern furniture.  Each piece in this collection is impeccable, I'm fairly certain the owner is transporting this stuff via a time machine from Palm Springs in 1955.  At any second I half expect Charles and Ray Eames to come walking around the corner after a nice dinner with Herman Miller.  Exceptional quality and priced accordingly but with some particularly good deals.  If you're looking to skip Ikea for the real thing, this is the place.
5	Best solution in Phoenix for Mid Century items.  They have an ever changing but always diverse selection of finds.  You have to act quick if you find something you want!The prices are decent given the condition, they typically have repaired/reupholstered any items on the floor and they're usually willing to work with you a bit on the price.Window shopping this place on a regular basis is a lot of fun!  Customer service can sometimes be hit or miss but I've never had major issues.  They even helped me by driving some pieces over to my house that wouldn't fit in my car!
5	Whenever we are looking for a piece of furniture or a cool decor accent modern manor is our first stop.  They are basically a one stop shop for all mid-century modern pieces.  They are off the beaten path a bit in an warehouse just west of 7th Avenue.  The staff is always very helpful and never makes pressures you to buy. We picked up an amazing coffee table there for only $60 since it was marked $75 but a 20% off weekend.  They have these specials often, just be sure to "like" them on facebook so you can be in the know.  The coffee table is an old chicken crate that was put on castors.  We get tons of compliments on it - since it is so unique.  (See it in the Photos with the green tray on top)
5	What an awesome store! Weather we are talking about a restaurant, coffee shop, or furniture store I am a huge atmosphere person and I LOVE the way this place is laid out. Super cool warehouse feel that fits the merchandise on display very well. You can find everything from nick knacks to couches mostly  falling into the Midcentury Modern category. The owners and employees are super friendly and the inventory is always changing.
5	This is the perfect spot to find mid 1940's to 1970's furniture. After a full day of antiquing with Cole, we parked around the corner and made our way towards the vintage Volks Wagon. Of course this was what lurred me in from the start seeing as I'm car shopping and would love nothing more than to buy one of these bad boys and make my way from coast to coast. Though this spot is hidden, its a true treasure as are all of the pieces you'll find inside.  The coffee tables, chairs, and sofas were some of our favorites but I also recommend checking out the lighting as well. Our search for a wooden step ladder continues but my heart has found a home. Plan is to save up and be back as soon as we can afford some new pieces for the loft.
5	This place is AMAZING!
5	So many wonderful pieces of furniture.... it is hard to stay focused in here!  Even if you are not currently in the market for that perfect addition to your living, dining or bedroom, this place inspires your next purchase.  Whomever merchandises this place should get a gold star because it is like gawking at a celebrity when you enter this place.  There are so many pieces I want in this warehouse it makes me want to just whip out my credit card.so... the moral of the story?  If you need a cool unique piece or you have a hard to fit space, you might want to give this place a spin.oh! and don't forget to check out the teddy bear wall.  Inspiration is not lacking here!
4	If you want to feel like you stepped into a living room on the set of Mad Men, this is the place to go. It is a finely curated collection of furniture that has either been beautifully refurbished or kept in excellent mint condition. They just added a whole new wing of the store, which has an impressive mural by a local artist.My husband and I browsed in here for about 30 minutes. There wasn't much in the way of customer service...by that I mean zero. But I suppose that's alright, we were mostly there to browse. The pieces are beautiful but they are definitely out of our price range. A girl can dream, right?
5	I went there yesterday. It has the best selection of quality mid century modern furniture I have found in Arizona. I have looked everywhere. It is gorgeous. It was not cheap, but it wasn't overly expensive either. But I was awed by the great selection. The manager was friendly, but he did not follow me around and pester me, which is perfect for me. Building was warm in spots, but not bad. Anyway, I loved the stuff they had. Absolutely loved it.
5	I love this place!  Wonderfully unique pieces, helpful and informative staff and reasonable prices, given the quality and history behind these items.  I hope to get over there at least weekly so I won't miss out on new items as they come in.  Each time I go back I see something new!  It is so spacious, it may take you a couple of trips to see everything!
5	We recently moved to the Phoenix area from the Los Angeles area and I've perused many of the well-known midcentury modern stores in LA.  We visited Modern Manor soon after moving to Phoenix and I was amazed at the quality of the inventory and the quantity of designer pieces under one roof at Modern Manor.  It rivals, if not tops, any of the stores where I've shopped in Los Angeles.  The salesperson I talked to was extremely helpful AND friendly (a welcome change, in general, that we've found between the two metropolitan areas).
5	Modern Manor is just the best....end of story.  They have a huge selection and its just fun to go there and drift back into time.  Their prices are great as well, something for all budgets.
5	The Store:There is an abundance of antique stores in the downtown phoenix area, especially in the Melrose district.  Yelp reviews helped us weed out the junk and Modern Manor came up highly rated.  The shop exceeded our expectations with so many one of a kind pieces that my wife and I just couldn't wait to be wealthy enough to fill a home with it all.  Much of the furniture seemed  Danish/mid-century/minimalist inspired with lots of leather, wood, and metals crafted beautifully.  They also carry lots of recycled/re-purposed goodies like leather bears and the coolest wooden bow ties I have ever seen!     Our Purchase experience:The first time we went there we fell in love with one of their large unique metal coffee tables covered in rusty blues and greens. We came back there a few days ago hoping to purchase the table without realizing that they are closed on that day. The owner luckily happened to be there anyways for just a few minutes and was nice enough to let us in for a few while he was there. He not only let us purchase this table during off hours but also made us an offer we could not refuse. Lastly, to top it all off they delivered the table to us across town for a very reasonable price.My wife and I simply love this shop and cannot wait to slowly amass more of their lovely furniture.
5	UMMMM WOW.... If you are looking to furnish the new 1950's house I just sold you in the Cherry Lynn, Willow, or Campus Homes Districts... or just need to snatch up an AMAZING piece of MCM furniture.... This is the place.  Bonus... they also lease furniture for staging and provide a staging service if needed!!!EnjoySteven
4	Good god, I wish I could afford anything in here. Gorgeous mid-century modern furniture in pristine condition. Not full of tchotchkes, just full of the sexiest furniture in town. And a giant Santa. (Clearly I love this style).
5	OMG! This place is friggin fantastic! My sister brought me here who is an interior designer and usually when she drags me to house shopping places I groan (clothes shopping is more my scene) but this place is just so lovely! Mid century modern galore and merchandised to perfection! They had this amazing brass fish that we were both enchanted by and I've also decided that I need to redo my living room, bedroom and perhaps add on another living room so that I can fill it with more stuff. I will most definitely not groan when my sis takes me here again! Maybe I could get into this whole house shopping thing...haha one step at a time ;-)
5	Found the Wassily chair I'd been dreaming about. Great service. Will be back!
