4	I went here today for a basic oil change.  Service was good and I had no problems.  They did all of the initial "checks" and whatnot and then they brought me out to go over the results.  My only issue here is that when they were recommending something, they just assumed you wanted to have it done and didn't ask.  I need a new air filter - they even brought it over to show me.  He just added it to my virtual "cart" on their system.  I had to tell him that I didn't want to have it done right now.  He gave me the look like, "What are you thinking?  This needs to be done."  No thanks, I'll do it myself.The oil change was $34.95 and I had a $5 off coupon.  I was there on a Thursday and there was no $10 off deal so maybe that's a discount of the past...Overall, good times.  Minus one star for the attempted forced air filter and a waiting area that smells of urine.  Gross.
2	I needed an oil change reeeeaaaally badly (i know, but i have a honda and those things can run on gas fumes for 30 miles and oil resin for months) and had had an OK experience at the danny's family on HIghland (free wash with a oil change, who doesn't love that?)But. I checked the Danny's site and saw no promotion of the wash and didn't want to drive out of my way for nothing. i checked yelp and this Jiffy Lube had the best rating i could expect for an oil change place and was up the road from work. Downloaded the coupon (thanks for the tip, Kym) and was on my way.Pull in and i tell the guy i want the "Signature" change which includes window wash and floor vacuum, mentioning my $5 off coupon. He said that they were already running a special that was $13 off the $35 price so i said a-ok, cowboy. i wait for about 8-10 minutes in the small waiting room (bonus for having a Phoenix Magazine in the stack of Muscle Car Monthly, Oil Today and Antennas Weekly - look, just because i'm getting routine maintenance on my car does not mean i'm INTO cars).I get pulled into the garage area for the "spiel" everybody dreads but it was surprisingly short and non-pushy. (i'm glad they don't drag you over to your engine anymore, that's totally lame). i do have to note that he tried to tell me my right front blinker, my left back blinker and my license plate lights were out. i had JUST gone to Checker to replace my left front blinker light and went through some extensive light checking and so found this news odd. i kept saying as much, and he kept insisting and i was about to ask to see for myself when he calls out to another worker "Hey, was that the honda with the lights or the jeep?" the other guy says "the jeep." however, there was no other car in the place. hmmmmmmmm.OK, so i pay up ($24 altogether with a tax or fee or something added in) and go back into the waiting area while they finish up. I decide to use the bathroom -- and this is where the they lost two stars (this was, up until then, quite possibly a four-star experience - wait, two stars for a bathroom, you ask? oh, you just wait...)the bathroom was filthiest thing i have seen in my life, and i've been to some raunch truck stop pee holes. literally, piss, in the bowl... i get in closer and i shit you not (pun intended) four shit smears in the bowl as well (yeah, i counted). two rolls of TP hanging out on top of the dispenser, each with one square left on them. realizing i need to sterilize my hands from just walking into this mess, i discover no soap or paper towels (not very surprising). as well, hair clippings all over the sink, like the guys are trimming their moustaches on their break. un-freaking-believable. i am still haunted by this bathroom experience.but car's running great!
2	I was at 3K since my last oil change and I knew I had driven past this place a few times (I'm new to the area).So I drive up and dude is  all in my face asking if I want the signature service and he goes on to explain it and I ask how much it is and he says 37.99.  I say I just want an oil change and he says it will still be 37.99.  I then say well I think I'll just go somewhere else that's pretty expensive.  He says how about  $10 off and I agree.They do their thing.  The guy brings me out to go over everything.  Your right lisence plate light is out do you want that fixed?  No.  Your wipers are looking pretty bad do you want us to replace those?  No.  We have this fuel cleaning blah blah?  No.  We tested your battery and you need a new batter.  How much is that?  $106.  Not at this time.  Your air filter looks ok do you want a new one?  No.  Do you want premium, high temp oil?  No just regular oil.  We recommend getting your tired rotated ever 2 oild changes do you want that?  No.  We recommend getting transmission fluid flush every 30k miles do you want that?  No..... Oh then I'm driving on the highway and they didn't close my hood all the way tight so I had to pull off and slam it.I just wanted a simple oil change and left alone.  I like when I can stay in the car and be out of there in 5 minutes not a sales pitch.
1	Do not go here!  I support Jiffy Lube like you would not believe but I STRONGLY URGE YOU TO NOT GO HERE (NOT THIS JIFFY LUBE)!!!They purposely damaged my tire to spite me!!!Yesterday morning, when I got an oil change, I was encouraged to upgrade to a higher quality oil - I declined.  When I was encouraged to change my air filer - I declined.  When I was encouraged to change my cabin air filer - I also declined.  It came to a point of forced upgrades where I literally said, "I just want an oil change and I have to go."This morning I noticed my front tire was WAY low of air (they checked it yesterday).  I filled it asap but noticed air seeping uncontrollably through the valve.  I took to to a Goodyear (on Indian School) and they said, "The only way this can happen is if someone loosens it.  There is no way it can come unloose by itself. The pressure is too high."  They even asked if I, "...had any enemies."  When I told them, "No, but I did get an oil change yesterday at the Jiffy Lube on 32nd they replied, "This isn't the first time dude.  About once every few months someone comes in with this issue from that Jiffy Lube."Enough said.I know corporate people at Shell Oil and jiffy Lube.  They are great people and they have supported my business.  I will always support Jiffy Lube but never (again) this franchise or their staff.  They put my family's safety at risk for juvenile redemption because I would not buy an extra air filter.  Do not go here - ever!P.S. When I went I went down and confronted the staff - predictable results.  Ignorance = minimum wage with poor management.
2	I drive a mini and usually go to the MINI dealership but couldn't get in and I REALLY needed an oil change. They said they had to check to see if they carried the correct oil filter before they would tell me that they could do the oil change. They checked on the computer but didn't think to check the physical inventory. So after I was given the green light and all the oil was drained out of my MINI....here comes the guy to tell me that the oil filter in stock is defective! He apologizes over and over and says that they are getting another one delivered from another store, but that they are backed up. So now what was to be a 10 minute oil change as the guy said....had now turned into over an hour oil change. To top things off...the oil filter that was delivered from the other store DIDN'T FIT!!! Granted the guy didn't charge me for the oil change, but if the customer service would have been a little more on point I wouldn't still have to go to the dealership for my oil filter!! No more Jiffy Lube for this girl!
1	It called beforehand and spoke to Don and informed him that I had to 25.95 coupon. and I would be right in When I arrived I spoke to Don again and mentioned the coupon again and he told me to hold on to it until when he calls me in to pay. He called me in to talk to me and tell me what needed to be fixed on the car, basically the upsell and I am okay with that because I generally do my own work and don't pay 15.00 for an air filter I can get at target for 1/5 of their price but I do understand what they are doing. Again I tried to present the coupon and he told me to hold on to. When he was done he gave me the total and it was $40.04, far from the $25.95 I was expecting. When I questioned him his reply was " I asked you if you wanted Valvoline oil and you said yes" I don't remember him asking him but here is what they did to me and you need to watch out if you come in with a coupon. Even though he knew I had the coupon which stipulated it had to be Shell oil he deliberately asked me if I wanted Valvoline oil. If he had asked me, " the coupon is for Shell oil, would you prefer valvoline" then I would have had the option to choose, not be duped into accepting something that was not part of the coupon. This is how they got around honoring the coupon. Very unethical way to do business and I intend on reaching out to Jiffy Lube corporate and see what their answer is. This is the second time I used jiffy lube and both times have been a bad experience and looking at reviews, I guess I am not the only one who questions their practices. Obviously I won't be coming back here and I suggest you don't go there either.
3	Quick and helpful service for an oil change. I have an SUV and I get the recommended synthetic oil upgrade. I also opted to change the air filter since they were running a special. In an out in about 30minutes. I just can not get over how expensive it is! $100 just seems excessive. But when you're desperate for quick service, I guess you'll pay for it.
2	I came here for an oil change after not being able to make it in time for another Jiffy Lube location nearby and felt as though I was of inconvenience to the employee that "greeted" me there.  I got here about 30 min to closing, and as I am pulling up the "greeter" raises up his arms as in frustration and immediately tells me its a "45 minute wait," which I was ok with.  He tells me quickly after, it'll be more like an "hour wait" which was still OK with me.  I did not feel quite welcome, although he did give me the usual welcome routine, "there's the coffee, the bathroom, if you need anything... Etc." which did not feel genuine.  I would certainly not come back to this location for the unwelcoming environment.
4	They responded to their phones promptly. They checked what was necessary in my car.They answered all my questions in regards to mai
1	Slowest service ever. Sat in the waiting room for 25 minutes while four guys stood around the single car in the entire shop. After finally asking for the keys it's been another 20+ minutes and still waiting. So almost fifty minutes and counting for a simple oil change with only one other customer. There is simply nothing jiffy about this place.
