3	I noticed they finally opened in the strip mall I work in and decided to give them a try. It was okay. Like the other review, I just wanted something more. It was not horrible, but it was not the best. Just so-so. I will come back and try something new and maybe after they are open for awhile it may be better. The staff was nice and the place was clean.
4	We were sad when the previous restaurant in this spot (America Latina) closed after only 3 months, but were happy to have another authentic Mexican place take its place! Two barbacoa tacos for only $5.50 is a steal - "real Mexican street taco style" with just cilantro and onions. The Quesadilla Nortena with shrimp, mushrooms and onions was really good too. You have to purchase the chips and salsa, but the salsa is sooo worth it. They also have a good hot sauce and a yummy mild tomatillo sauce.On our second visit I had shrimp tacos - not on the menu, but since they had other shrimp options, I asked them to make them as tacos, and they quickly agreed. The shrimp was cooked perfectly, and seasoned soooo well. Street taco style again, but I got the platter that came with pico de gallo, guacamole, rice and beans. Rice and beans were average...I'm not usually a fan anyway, so I'm not a good judge. Hubby got the chicken burrito special - smothered in sour cream, guacamole, pico de gallo and enchilada sauce. He loved it. On both visits, the super nice lady who works there gave us a free appetizer sample of their home made chicken and rice soup. Very tasty and definitely tastes home made, traditional chicken soup. Tonight they also had cilantro soup on special, which was creamy and delicious!! The home made horchata is also very yummy. They have flan and other desserts, but so far we have been too full to try them.There are no other authentic Mexican restaurants on this side of town, so El Burrito Loco is a very welcome addition! We will definitely be back! Please go and visit them, we want them to last longer than the previous tenant!!! We learned that they have applied for their liquor license, so will have beer options soon.
4	There was briefly another, different mom-n-pop Mexican joint in this spot that I liked and was sad to see close down. So when it re-opened as El Burrito Loco I had to check it out and see if my dream of a legit Mexican joint close to home would once again come true. I got a tamale platter with a couple of chicken tamales, mole sauce, rice & beans. It was good. So I'd say, generally pretty legit Mexican food with plenty of menu items to choose from. I think it's run by a family--mom working the register and running food out from the kitchen, and her two sons cooking. At least I think so since the counter lady said "mi hijo" ("my son") to one of the guys in the kitchen. So yeah, go support my neighborhood mom-n-pop (mom-n-sons?) Mexican joint!
3	I'm excited to have a place to get horchata in the neighborhood! Only drawback is that I think they make it with cinnamon syrup and not actual cinnamon. Ki nd of dissapointing to not see any cinnamon flecks in my beverage. Had the chicken chimichangas platter which was very good. Try it with the homemade cheese sauce. The complimentary chicken and rice soup is a nice touch. Warning about the guacamole: it is mostly just mashed avacado, if you like tomato, onion, and cilantro in your guacamole you may want to also order a side of pico de gallo to mix in. Overall a decent place to grab a bite to eat. I'm sure I'll be back.
4	Just down the street from our house we always love to try new independent restaurants in our neighborhood, and we love Mexican to boot!   We went on a Wednesday evening, and they weren't very busy, but they were VERY friendly!  They suggested their steak fajita burrito for my husband, and I had the burrito sinaloa (chicken)...both were outstanding and HUGE.  No sides served with them, but you really don't need it!  They gave us a  basket of chips as well (they were out of their usual soup appetizer)...they were warm and crispy, but not too greasy at all.  It was overall a no frilly dining area, but they really seem proud of their food and eager to please...we will definitely be going back.  FYI their window posting had 5/21/2014 for their liquor license review, so for  now they're non-alcoholic beverages only!
5	Really liked everything, from the spicy salsa and chips, to the little chicken soup, to my chicken enchiladas verde.  I'll definitely come back!
5	First time here. Ordered the Mexican tacos: chorizo and carnitas. Wife had the verde chicken enchiladas. Very good chips and salsa and they also brought out a small chicken, rice, cilantro soup with the chips for free that was very delicious!  Very good service, and nice staff.  All of the food was very good quality and fresh tasting.  This is now one of my 2 top places in Madison for tacos!
3	First visit was for lunch on 6/19/14 with a small group of coworkers. + Very clean and comfortable inside+ Excellent menu - well-organized, plenty of options without being overwhelming+ Reasonable selection of bottled drinks - sodas, beer+ Fountain drinks available as well, with free refills+ Very friendly service - all staff were *fantastic* + Prices were very reasonable+ Surprised with a complimentary cup of chicken/potato/rice soup+ Soup was very delicious - great flavor; hints of cilantro and mild spice- Special Nachos: we ordered these to share. We had our choice of chicken or beef (we chose chicken), and shredded or cheese sauce (we didn't specify). We also asked for no sour cream, and for guacamole on the side. The nachos arrived at the same time as our food orders, and were covered in sour cream. Guac was on the side as requested. They were lacking in flavor - they literally tasted like nothing in particular. The guac was super fresh and chunky, but had no flavor. The chicken on the nachos was bland - tasted almost boiled. The pico didn't add any spice, and the shredded cheese served more like a glue to bind the chips than it did to add any flavor. - Mexican Tacos plate: Corn tortillas were tasty and perfectly sized. The steak was disappointing - no sear, no flavor; just sort of rubbery and lifeless. The carnitas were slightly better, but again, lacked flavor and texture. The fresh onion and cilantro - no flavor. How that's possible is beyond me. The only thing I really tasted on either taco was the fresh lime that I squeezed over them. The plate included a small side of pico de gallo and guac - both of which were bland.If I were at the helm of this place, I'd season the meats much, much more, and I'd throw all of the meats on the flat top to give them a much-needed boost in the sear department. My coworkers tried everything from tacos to burritos, and all had the same comment - "lacking flavor." The burritos were gigantic, but a huge portion of lifelessness ingredients doesn't make for a good meal.I'm going three stars for atmosphere, service, and intent. If I were rating on food alone, I'd go 1.5 - 2.0 stars at the most.I really hope they crank things up in the flavor department.
4	We were in town for the weekend, and I had a hankering for Mexican food, so I whipped out my handy dandy cell phone and utilized the Yelp app to locate the closest place to fulfill my hunger. This place was close by and the menu looked appealing.My husband ran out and grabbed us take-out to eat back in our hotel room. I had the chicken enchiladas verde, and he had some sort of burrito.  My enchiladas were tasty and were gone in no time.Very good food and fulfilled my craving.
5	We have been looking for a good sit down Mexican place in the area and saw El Burrito from the road. We decided to try it out after reading some Yelp reviews, and I am glad we did. We have been twice so far, and the food has been great. The chips and salsa are delicious, the salsa in particular has a nice little kick and a deep tomatoey flavor - though it should be noted that they are not complimentary.I also really enjoyed how they offer small tasting dishes, the first time we received mini tacos and the second time a soup. Great idea to open up people to the other options on the menu.My wife ordered the Mexican tacos with ground beef (with cilantro and onions) and loved them, and I got the quesadilla norteno, which was very well made. Others in our party ordered tacos with chorizo, which they said was the best they've had, so I'll have to try it next time we're there.
4	Great food and service.  They now have beer and margaritas.  Should expand their menu a little.
5	Best Mexican food in Madison. I got the Mexicana enchiladas and the breakfast burrito and they were delicious. Both tasted great heated up in microwave later. Food tasted fresh and the rice was not dry like you get at some places. Very pleasant staff and I will be returning many times in the future for the food that I had. Was extremely happy after eating here.
4	Just visited again this weekend and they now have a liquor license!!!!  Bottled beer and a great selection of margaritas now available.  Food and service was again great (poblano quesadilla was delish)!!!
5	Just noticed this place a couple weeks ago when I was in the area. So, I decided to give it a try for lunch today. The food was excellent and very inexpensive. I got the chicken chimichanga lunch special for $5 and it came with rice and beans, also. You can choose from cheese sauce or red sauce -I chose the cheese sauce, of course (true Wisconsinite).The service was prompt, the restaurant was clean, the food was great, and the waiter was very nice. I definitely plan to stop in for lunch, again.
4	So glad to have this little gem open in our neighborhood. Small, but very cute and clean, this is a nice place for a decent Mexican meal. Margarita's were big and delicious, and the chicken mole enchiladas were really good. Beef chimichanga was outstanding; perfectly cooked with great flavor. The guacamole was fresh and from scratch. Hope this place does well. We'll be back for sure.
