4	Another day, another food truck to try. This time around, I biked over to the George-Etienne Cartier statue on the slope of Mont-Royal to give Chaud Dogs a try. Chaud Dogs is, as one could probably guess based on their name, a truck that specializes in gourmet hot dogs. Everything they use is 100% homemade - be it the handmade sausages themselves down to the mustard and ketchup they use. They have a focus on using seasonal ingredients and a desire to support local farmers through local markets. An awesome concept that I believe we can all certainly get behind.On this day, the truck was offering a homemade corn dog, a 'Wu Dog", black bean salsa, house fries, bottled water and a Lemon Thyme soda. While there was some temptation to try everything, I held off and decided to stick to the two dogs for this particular visit. If the dogs held up, then I would be back at some point to try the side-dishes.First up, the Chaud Dog corndog. A nice housemade play on the classic pogo. The sausage itself was quite good and the corn batter around it had a slight sweetness. The batter had a nice crisp to it on the outside but was thick enough to be nice and moist inside. Add to that homemade ketchup and mustard on top and you have a solid offering. If you don't like pogos, I don't think this will change your mind but for the rest of us, this corndog will do quite nicely.  Secondly, the "Wu Dog". A very unique Asian-inspired play on the standard hot dog. Here you have a grilled sausage with a sesame/poppy seed bun, marinated carrots and Daikon radish,crispy chicken skin and hoisin sauce as a condiment. Big winner for me on this day. Each individual component was well done and created interesting contrasts in terms of both texture and flavours. In particular, the use of the marinated vegetables and hoisin sauce really added a lot for me. I loved the chicken skin but honestly their presence made it hard to actually bite into the hot dog as one would want to do. I ended up eating most of it separately and leaving myself smaller pieces to actually bit into on top of the hot dog. Regardless, a very creative option to be offering in this truck.Two for two so far in my food truck experiences this year. Love the fully housemade concept, the creativity and the flavours that Chaud Dogs brings to the party. If one is craving a good hot dog, Chaud Dogs is definitely one you want to look for this summer in the street of Montreal!Cheers!
4	I'll be blunt. The relish dog is the best food truck item I've tasted in the city. First, there's this soft and tasty, just a tiny bit sweet bun. A great hot dog. But that relish...it may look like corn off the cob, but it tastes as sweet as any hot dog relish I've tried. The long and short of it is that it makes for a brilliant sweet tooth hot dog that you'll need a fork for to grab any bits that fell off.I am just inches short of giving Chaud Dogs 5 stars, but there are a couple of caveats. For one, the combo item is simply potato chips. Don't bother - the meal is small enough that you're better off ordering two hot dogs anyway. And second, the other hot dogs are far more experiments - "because they can" flavors. Some work, some don't. I like them all, and yet they pale compared to their relish leader.Take my advice and focus on simply the hot dogs. Your lunch hour will thank you.
4	Ordered and shared all three dogs on that day's menu, including a corn dog, an aubergine and a tongue dog, they were all great. The corn dog batter was thick and tasty. The only down side was the strength of the parsley, but easily remedied. The chips were exceptional, so tasty.
4	Summertime in Montreal means food trucks, festivals and terrasses!  Lucky for us Montrealers food trucks are easy to come by so sampling them is easy.  Today's food truck experience was Chaud Dogs which specializes in gourmet hot dogs as you might guess from its name.  These aren't your average hot dogs and are definitely worth trying.  I opted for the chili dog and fries and neither disappointed.  The chili used was nicely seasoned and added a good flavour to the hot dog.  The homemade sausage also was pretty good and miles better than any usual hot dog you'll ever get.   My one complaint is that the bun is a little small which makes the hot dog difficult to eat as they really stuff it with toppings and the sausages are fairly large to begin with. that being said though I'd be very willing to go back to this food truck again.
1	Please avoid the shady hot dog foodtruck called Chaud Dogs if you are at the Olympic stadium today. Yesterday, I ended up spending an hour and a half in line only for this truck to run out of everything on the menu; eventually trying to sell a plain hotdog for a dollar less from the proposed eight dollars. I was even more frustrated to find out that they had all the basic ingredients, but were conserving for the next day. (As if it was going to be too difficult to buy more mustard, bacon, and onions in the morning.)The price was eventually negotiated to six dollars with a little cheese, but it took so long to get the hot dog. You could see the fry cook yelling at the server in a degrading manner that left a bad taste in everyone's mouth. After an additional 20 minute wait for the hotdog itself, I was disappointed to find that the hotdog barely had that grilled texture. It tasted like it was soaked all day then thrown for barely a minute on the grill, yet I had to endure the extra 15 minutes of cringeworthy banter, a crying server, a shabby owner, and a ridiculous line-up to get a hot dog that did not even have the basic ingredients i.e. mustard, relish, or sourkraut. The worse part is that they were not apologetic and treated customers like swine once they took our money. The only good thing about the hotdog was the buttery bun, but it was not worth the crying and commotion that came with the experience. Treat this truck like the common cold; save your money and avoid it as much as possible!
