1	Going through town I thought before I headed out on the road again in my RV that I should just make sure the air pressure was OK. The guys working there are not the sharpest tool in the shed. I thought they might be off a few pounds but he was adding more and so I asked what he was doing and he was trying to put 65 pounds into a 50 pound max tires. He said he must have read something on the tire that looked like it meant the pressure. I'm soooo glad I asked as in the heat in a remote place to have my tires blow out.Then I asked this other guy how to get to a particular highway and he started asking where I was going, commenting on my RV, why I used a map if I had a GPS and literally 10 minutes later gave me a roundabout answer to how to get there without going back into the downtown area.Run, run as fast as you can away from this place.  They might sell you something wrong or more than you need. Trust your car with someone else that actually knows about cars, especially if you are a woman. Safe to say any other place would know more about tires than Discount Tires in Mesa.
4	I made an appointment online three days before I was planning to go drop off the car for re-balancing and rotation.  Showed up on-time for the appointment, but they were so busy it took them 10 mins before anyone came out to help me.  I told them I had an appointment.  They found me on the computer, confirm what services I wanted done and then I was off on my way.  I dropped off the car, so I could not tell you how long it took them.  The facility was clean and service person was professional and nice.
4	No complaints.  I walked in and told them the low pressure light had come on in my car.  They had me pull into the booth with no lift, checked the tires, added about 5 lb to each tire, and sent me on my merry way.  Total time there about 10 minutes, if that.  No charge of course.  Even if you didn't buy the tires there, this is a courtesy service they offer.  And I should mention this is also the location my daughter frequents and has been happy with.
5	I've always been a fan of Discount Tire since I've owned a car for a variety of reasons.  For starters, they offer free tire patching, along with a several other services.I found myself here Friday afternoon because I seemed to have a slow leak going on in one of my tires. I made an appointment online Friday morning at work for later on that afternoon.  I rolled in, and was warmly greeted by one of the techs at the counter.  From what I saw, it seemed like most of the guys here were trained on counter service, which helps out tremendously in cutting down on wait times for checking in.The service guy took all my info, and came out and checked my car.  I told him I was having a slow leak, and would like all my tires checked to make sure it wasn't more then one.  He checked the car out, and told me it would be about 45 minutes. The whole thing only took an hour, and all the guys here were warm, friendly and honest.  They figured out that I had picked up a screw in my tire, patched it, and sent me on my way.  Total price? ZERO.  And all in a days work. I will gladly be back for a number of reasons, and Discount tire continues to have my service.
4	I spend a lot of time in my car as it is the type of job that I have. One day my dashboard said.  Low tire pressure and since there is some construction in my neighborhood. I thought that. Must have a nail. I searched the gps and found discount tire. I got there before they opened. Then about 10 minutes before there posted opening time a guy came out from the store. He took the car in and in about 20 minutes came back. Told me I had picked up a nail they fixed the tire   No charge and. Was on my way. My car is new. I didn't get the tires there obviously.Great service
5	This place is awesome they r going to replace a bad  tire for me for free that another discount tire put on they r awesome
5	Tom was awesome! My tire blew, he could have charged me for a new tire but he gave me a credit for my tire (which was relatively new but I didn't even buy there!) and only charged for the balance to retain us as customers. He went above and beyond what he needed to. He also assessed my tires and made us a two-for-one offer, again to keep our business...but was still open to suggesting that we shop around! Why bother? He was extremely friendly (even amidst a busy day) ...and he has got our business. Thanks Tom!
5	Just terrific.  I'm a ditz when it comes to refilling the air in my tires, so I drive over there and they do it for me.  And, of course, that kind of service earns my business when I need tires.  Happily, those purchased tires were less expensive than elsewhere, and the experience of dealing with Discount Tires sales people is absolutely flawless - no upsell, no hard sell, just straight and honest.  This is a company that i would trust - anywhere - thought I think this store is one of the best!
2	The product is good, but Brandon added extra upsell items onto my bill and then was a jerk when I asked for a refund. I will NEVER return.
5	Very friendly service.  I usually know exactly what I need so these guys are happy to help, and go the extra mile.  Tom the manager is very good to work with.  When I replaced the tires on my Jeep, he offered to store my old ones until I could come pick them up a few days later.  When I come in for a balance/rotate, they remember me and my car and make sure to do the specific 5-wheel rotation I requested and air the tires to exactly 29 lbs.  I've been to plenty of crappy tire stores but was pleasantly surprised here.  Highly recommend.
5	The guys at Discount Tire just come to me a tire rotation, even though I bought tires for my other car here but not the one I'm driving. The service is great I will definitely come back when I need tires . Plus the staff was super friendly
5	Talk about excellent service when I was in a desperate situation! I love this location of Discount Tire and have been going there since 2002.  I have now bought about 4 sets of tires and every time I am there, I receive excellent customer service as well as excellent prices!
5	I bought tires at Discount Tire a couple years go. Their service and quality are the best. Today I brought my car to this particular store just before they opened for a nail in my tire. The dealer wouldn't repair it. We were waiting for he doors to open and were greeted in the parking lot by a sales rep. He got us right in. 15 minutes later he told us it was repaired and all other tire pressures were checked as well. What amazed me is they didn't charge a thing. I guess customer service is alive and well at this store. I will continue to bring my vehicle back for service.
3	I just got two tires replaced here today.  I dealt with Eric who seemed really high energy.  They did a good job.  They promised my car would be done in an hour and they delivered it in less than an hour.  Everyone was really polite.  They have a warranty on their tires for an extra $10 that will get you a new tire if anything happens to it even if it is your fault up to 65,000 miles.  I thought that was interesting.  I'll have to wait and see. I can't say I was too happy that it was included in the price without telling me.  All in all a good experience.  I would go back if I needed a quick cheap tire.
1	Called and made an appointment to get my tire repaired.  When I went there, the receptionist/salesman went outside to look at my tire which had a slow leak and was not fully inflated.  He then said they could not repair it because it was too worn and was dangerous.  He then went into a hard sales pitch about getting a new tire.  My car has less than 25,000 miles. Obviously, if a tire is not fully inflated, the tread will look shallower.  Waste of time, will never go back there or any discount tire again.  I really like how they take you outside so they can lay the sales pitch on outside of the other customers earshot.  Also, I can't be 100% sure but I think he put in a nail while I wasn't looking (it was magically in my direct line of view and was glinting in the sun and looked very clean) .  Stay away from these crooks!  They didn't even bother to try filling my tire with air.  Good thing I have my own inflator.
5	What an amazing place to go to They are quick reliable and honest I will not go anywhere else. Drew got me in and out in less than one hour and didn't even charge me I had a nail in my tire that was slowly leaking I will come back here for new tires when I need them
5	Had to order 4 new tires, so made appointment to have them installed in few days. Only took them 45 minutes. I dealt with both the manager and another gentleman and they were both very professional and helpful. Price was only slightly higher than COSTCO. But Discount Tires was more convenient. Definitely will come back!
5	Seth was super professional and has a great work ethic. He took the time to inspect my car and was super helpful. I would recommend this location to anyone - especially because you can play pool at Main Street Billiards while you wait :)
1	Shysters Hucksters Rip-off!If you are a female and you like being treated like you are an imbecile, then please go to this location. Upon arriving at the location I was greeted with prompt service. I was told that my tires needed to be replaced. Everything changed when I presented my warranty which was still perfectly valid. They found every reason in the book not to honor it. I am taking my business to another Discount Tires location in Gilbert which is honorable and more than willing to honor the warranty that I PAID for.This literally ruined my day. I am an educated women and they were clearly attempting to take advantage of me. Annoying and I would not recommend. Update: Went to the location at 1947 S. Greenfield Rd. Mesa, AZ 85206 and they honored the warranty with no problems at all!
