3	The employee's here are extremely friendly.. Ive had some ON experiences where they simply ignore you. I was stopped to be informed that all the orange tagged merch is 50% off additional.. wow! I dont think I would have considered buying cargo pants if I didn't know that they were 6 bucks a pair! Woohoo! Seems in these rough economic times, there are bargains to be had by all!
1	I am boycotting this Old Navy, and Old Navy in general after a recent visit to this store. I was shocked at their customer service or lack-there-of.
2	I gotta agree, customer service is the pits here. Two separate times I couldnt get anyone to help me because their MTV-generation hormones kept the employees busy playing grab-ass.
4	i've always liked old navy. they have a nice selection of clothes at a reasonable price. i stopped in today to use a Christmas gift card to buy some new shirts. i don't think i've bought a shirt in years because i'm so cheap. but a great line-up of clothing and wound up buying (well, they were "free" for me) 4 shirts. always super nice employees.
5	Perhaps it's because it's a Thursday and it isn't very crowded, but this Old Navy is REALLY well maintained! Everything on the tables is folded and sorted...not typical of a clothing retailer these days. Added bonus: we were greeted several times throughout the store...not just when we entered.All-in-all, probably the best Old Navy I've been in...though, the true test would be to come during peak shopping time.
2	My usual beef about this place is that it always looks disheveled and the registers are under-maned. This afternoon, the store was neatly organized, and for once there wasn't a huge line at the registers.I'm convinced there are some people who look great in Old Navy clothes, and I wish I did because their stuff is inexpensive, trendy, and kind of cute. However, no matter how many times I give them a try, nothing seems to work out. I find their brand ill-fitting and with generally flimsy fabrics which don't last too long after multiple washings. Their relatively new athletic line has a few pieces worth checking out: sports bras and yoga tops are pretty good.
3	Good selection, even with the things on sale or clearance.  I can always find good quality clothes at an affordable price for my daughter.
4	I have raised 3 girls, GIRLS, and they by far where the easiest when shopping for clothes, but my son is the biggest DIVA in the house oh so picky.   My son, who is 17, was in need of some new outfits, we had been to many places and he just wasn't finding what he wanted, I had asked him many times what exactly was he looking for but never got a clear answer so was unsure of how places didn't have what he was seeking. We (meaning me) were very close to giving up, and I said let's give Old Navy a try so we did.I knew we were in the right place because as soon as we walked in, he said oh yes I think I found something. This store is very clean and tidy with lots of styles to select.  He found plenty of shirts to his liking and jeans that fit him (he is 6"ft 4" and skinny as a light pole, jeans are always an issue to find )He and I both walked out with a smile so it was a win win for us!  Old Navy should expect to see more of him.
4	GREAT customer service! AWESOME Clearnace section!look at all of these office mommies complaining about their first world problems...I really love asian made products and Old Navy knows a thing or two about asian garment workers...FAST FASHION! BOOM BOOM!
