5	Well, this was easy!I'm going to SE Asia next month, and considering the random outdoorsy things I'll be doing, it's recommended by the CDC for me to get a very rare vaccine, as well as a more common one, Typhoid.Sadly, only travel clinics really carry it (Japanese Encephalitis, in case you're wondering), and none of them take insurance.  Sadder yet, my insurance only covers the vaccine when given in-network.  After literally days of internet searches and countless phone calls, I came across the Little Clinic.  They don't keep JE in-stock because it's rarely requested and insanely expensive ($275 per dose...and you need 2), but can easily order it.Well, that's what I did.  I put in the request to order, and they were great communicators, letting me know when it was ready to go. When I went in to get the shots, they were ready to go.  When I first walked it, I was pretty amused.  Based on how professional they'd been on the phone, I sort of assumed this was a decently sized operation.  It truly is a "Little" clinic. :) The one person working that day was the Nurse Practitioner.  I learned from her that they only have a receptionist 1/2 time, yet they have evening hours and are open on weekends!  What a great find!They do take a range of insurances, shown on their website, and they also list their cash prices for the vaccination kept in stock.Note: This place is TINY and really only consists of 1 room with a table and 2 chairs, and a lobby (I guess you could call it that?) that is open to the Fry's that it.
1	Called the Mesa Little Clinic to enquire about getting an X-Ray for a potentially broken rib and was very annoyed by the grouchy, unhelpful tone I got from the woman on the phone. I completely understand if it is a service not offered, but responding in a snooty tone saying "we don't do that", then sounding offended when I asked if she happened to know info about getting it done at Urgent Care is poor. She didn't even say goodbye when I thanked her before getting off the phone. Good luck getting us to come for any services in the future.
5	Had a great visit with Karla Lodge, PA. It turned out that I had a simple cold and needed symptom relief.  Not a single person was waiting in front of me, and the appointment was done in about 30 minutes.   A prescription was called in to my regular drug store - very convenient!   This clinic is in the Fry's supermarket that was recently remodeled.  The remodeled clinic is brand new, looks great and was comfortable.
