4	The creepiest hotel. Erected in 1924 - practically nothing has changed. Thick upholstery with gaudy tassels, heavy velvet canopies over the beds, baroque decor, taxidermy... just walk in and explore the oddities and treasures.The Historic Lincoln Hotel is connected to one of the greatest dead malls in our country: Lincoln Square Mall. It is the second oldest mall in America. There was a time when the hotel stood alone - then someone thought it was a grand idea to construct a mall around the outside of it. I'm telling you this hotel couldn't get any more bizarre. Affordable rooms. Once you check in... you may not check out. (Cue creepy cackle.)
3	The remake of The Shining could easily be filmed here, with virtually no prop work needed, but I liked it. Bizarre, spooky, but cool. Room was fine, clean, large and great AC. The food I had here was surprisingly good. Reasonable prices, free parking and a VERY good location for walking to other businesses and eateries. Some cool bars are in the neighborhood and the hotel bar looked very inviting but was closed when we came back in the evening. The connected "dead mall" is weird, like a parasite that latched onto the front of a grand old hotel. Some stores are open, but  the mix is bizarre. We found great and inexpensive blocks of tamarind, exceptionally nice bamboo cutting boards and very unique hip greeting cards in our mall stroll.
1	If I could give this place zero stars I would.  This hotel could be very nice if the place were completely gutted.  My boyfriend and I stayed here because we were attending a wedding held here.  When we entered the hotel we noticed the plethora of weeds growing in the middle of the parking lot and the extremely dim lighting in the interior.  When we checked into the hotel we were given real keys, not key cards, to enter our room.  Upon entering our room we noticed that it was somewhat dirty, but not the worst place we stayed at.  The towels in the bathroom were awful and there were some bugs in the sink.  We thought that we would be able to handle it seeing as how we were only staying one night so we headed off to the wedding reception.  When we stepped out of our room we noticed that a large chunk of the plaster ceiling had fallen down in the time span that we entered our room and prepared to leave, a period of about 10 mins.  When we returned to our room the hallway smelled like pot.  Once we returned from the reception and were preparing for bed we noticed there were bugs in our bed.  Not just one bug, but several bugs and many of them were still moving.  We immediately went down to the manager, checked out, and demanded a refund.  We were given a refund and were left to find somewhere else to stay at 1:30 in the morning.  In addition, the lighting in the room was awful.  Some of the fixtures in public places were held together by Super Glue and twine, there was overflowing ash trays, the elevator sounded like it would break at any moment, and there were layers of dust on some of the furniture in public spaces.  Stay away!!
