4	This would be my local haunt, if I were ever to relocate to the Pittsburgh area. What a great little place! Such friendly staff, and some damn good eats! It was so great, that we actually went there twice during our 4-day vacation to catch the Steelers/Ravens game. They have daily sandwich specials. On Thursday night we went and had the special roast beef and cheese sand., and the .35 cent wings. Very, very tasty. I'm sorry, but this place kicks Primanti Bros. butt on the taste factor. They have about 8 different types of wings... reg., garlic, and I can't remember the rest - we got the regular, and I was wishing we would had ordered more.Going back on a Friday night, we ordered the buffalo chicken pizza and a pepperoni n' mushroom.  Wow! That buffalo chicken pizza was awesome.The other thing that stuck out for me was one of the customers. An older gentleman; he seemed to be a regular. I really, really wanted his SPAM t-shirt.
4	A great townie bar with tasty food and an interesting clientele. I went to check this place out on the way home from the airport one Friday night and it didn't disappoint. It is refreshing to walk into a townie bar and not feel like the music stops and everyone in the place is staring at you - I'm guessing the mixed crowd of older hockey fans, young men in collared shirts, and thirtysomethings have probably seen it all during their time at this place. The staff was top notch - the orders were somewhat overwhelming as they appeared short-staffed for the night, but my waitress tried to keep a positive attitude for my entire visit. The other waiter was wearing a hooded cardigan, and I wanted to steal it from him due to my difficulty in finding such a quality article of clothing.We ordered a white pizza - large in size, engulfed in cheese, full of garlic flavor, flavorful hot sausage. An overall delicious pizza, aside from 2 things: 1, way too much grease (I know this comes with the territory, but still, it is sometimes unbearable); 2, CANNED MUSHROOMS - the worst thing to come out of a can. Ever. I would rather eat canned Alpo than canned mushrooms. And if the mushrooms weren't canned, they were just the worst mushrooms I've ever consumed. The mushroom debacle is enough to lower the review by an entire star - disgusting!My advice for the place is keep everything awesome - random music from the jukebox, tasty food, great prices, good crowd and staff - and get some decent mushrooms; why they spoil an otherwise above average pie with such inferior crap, I'll never know.
4	Alexion's has been around forever.  The first time I went in there, I was 19 years old on summer break from college and working at the ice cream factory up the hill.  All of the union guys from the ice cream factory went in there after work, and I immediately found out why.  MANY, MANY years later, I stopped in there with some fond memories, and once again felt welcomed and valued as a customer, even though they didn't know who I was.  THE SANDWICHES are done Pittsburgh-style, sort of like Primanti's, and they are as perfect today as they were back in ancient times when I first started visiting the place.  Alexion's is a clean and peaceful little place in the Rook Station part of Green Tree, the oldest part of the town.  I recall that some of the sandwiches I got there were ordered at a pretty late hour.  Nothing but good things to say about the place, and I wish it was closer to home!
3	Good for cheap drinks and wings, they offer daily specials which is nice. Doesnt look like much from outside but the inside is friendly enough, the bartenders have been there for awhile and do a good job. Dont expect to have a HUGE selection of alcohol. Their wings are good as are their salads. If you are gluten free this is not your place...lots of fried food and sandwiches. Offers a quick lunch.
4	What a cool bar/restaurant.. I will no doubt be visiting again.  The service and prices were great.. and the restrooms were clean.   I had the buffalo chicken sandwich and it was delicious.  The menu consists of typical bar food food, however; theres a few different items on there which stand out on the menu..A cool bar off the beaten path that is a worth a trip.  Cheers ! !
5	Awesome drink specials during happy hour. Fantastic wings that are crispy and delicious, wing night on Tuesday and Thursday!
3	Good beer selection. Understaffed for a light Monday night crowd, it wasn't her fault she was the only server. But it took about an hour to get our sandwiches. Mine was one of the best reubens I've ever had.
5	Grew up near here. the family would always go once a month. Haven't stopped in for a few years until last Friday with a few friends to grab a drink. The sandwiches are always amazing just as I remember. The staff is amazing and friendly. Great place for lunch as well.
2	Very disappointed in the customer service. We ordered Reuben's  and wanted coleslaw instead of kraut. They charged us $3.00 for the coleslaw. We will not be back . The iced tea is also terrible tasting.
5	Let there be no question: Alexions owns the best cheeseburger in the region and they have now for decades. Try a burger on Italian bread. The service is flawlessly friendly, the food is amazing, and the wings? Oh the wings... but it's still about the cheeseburger. The atmosphere is inviting, but you can't eat atmosphere... so go right now. Grab the car keys... you know you're hungry for an amazing cheeseburger, maybe some wings, and a cold beer! Easily, hands down, the best bar and grill in Pittsburgh.
5	The sandwiches, the wings, enough said. Alexions can best be described as a home-style Primantis before they went mega commercial. You really can't go wrong, but for my money, I would put Alexions fish sandwich up with the best I've had. That's not to take away from other selections, but if you come here I recommend not leaving until you've had either the fish sandwich, Reuben, or wings. You'll know you're in a Pittsburgh bar when you walk in. For someone who lives in Atlanta now and only makes it to Pittsburgh a few times a year, I have to say it is refreshing. Feels like home. I haven't had a trip back without making it out to Alexions at least once.
3	We met a couple of friends there on a Friday afternoon about 440 pm, based on the Yelp reviews. I've relied on Yelp in over a dozen different cities, never came away with anything less than a positive experience until today. We ordered within 5 minutes of sitting down, there couldn't have been more than 20 people in the place, counting the people on the patio.  Took them almost 40 minutes to serve 3 sandwiches and a salad. I tried the fish sandwich, came out fried extra crispy on the ends, if there is such a thing as fish jerky a third of the sandwich would have qualified, it was just ok. I've had better at almost any church that fries fish during Lent. All 3 of my dinner companions left partial sandwiches  or salad uneaten. Bread french fries and onion rings were good though. Iced tea was good, though I've never seen a place dispense sweet n low like they were giving away their last rock of crack. Asked for sugar but never saw any, they don't carry any other artificial sweeteners besides the pink stuff.I may give the place another try in the future for a Reuben or hamburger, assuming today was some aberration possibly due to a cook having a family emergency or something like that. Waitress was pretty good, held up under my multiple requests to find out if they caught my fish yet, hardly ever rolled her eyes :)
