3	I really liked the bright, open studio floor plan idea... until I tried it. My twins were running around all over the place, having the time of their lives, embarrassing me and disturbing other picture-takers. Wouldn't try it again.
1	Disappointing and mistreated, first we have to wait more than an hour after our appointment time, then the photographer was complaining she didn't have the necessaries implements to make specific simply shoot, she was in a rushThe supposedly 2 hours session and two different rooms end up being 45 min.The final result was dark and blurry pictures even after we mention it and we were assure it was a software glitch, plus a low resolution CD the was part of the package Overall was a frustrating experience and we ask for our money back with will take 3 to get it.
4	I am from the east coast and visited Portrait Innovations in Maryland prior to this experience. I was extremely pleased with the photographer, the quick turn around of the pictures, and the overall price was much better than Sears, JCPenny's or Picture People. Knowing what I had known about the Portrait Innovations in Maryland, I was thrilled when I found out that we had one in Chandler, after being here 6 months. I went and had pictures done of my two kids and myself. The overall cost was again, extremely affordable. The photographer we had understood that my almost 3 year old was not going to cooperate unless he made it fun, so he did make it fun! A lot of the proofs show both of my kids laughing and having a great time. I would go back in a heartbeat! The pictures turned out wonderfully, the kids had a good time, and the price was very affordable for as many poses as I got. I will definitely be back for more pictures!
2	WTH! Low quality photographers who do not care if the background is set proper or not. They also lied. I wanted a full body pic in two different attires but took in just one of them and said he took in both the attires. The photographer also did not know how to take a full body pic. He took a pic which looks like he captured it from the sky rather than from the ground. Very disappointed.
4	The sitting price or package of the hour is a great deal and they are very patient with your little ones. Had a good experience!
5	I was able to sneak in a Mother's Day sitting Friday before the Holiday and picked up my photos and Mother's Day cards the same day.  The photographer did a great job of being patient and getting lots of smiles out of our tired and hungry 4 month old.  That alone deserves 5 stars!
5	We visited to take a family picture with my sister's family.  As one of the children is a special needs child, it is generally very difficult to get a good photo.  We were skeptical but hopeful when we reached the studio.  They were running behind resulting in a 30 minute delay and we were concerned that the kids would get restless.  We explained our situation to Amber, our assigned photographer  who was just fabulous and helped us get an excellent photo.  My brother-in-law who was a skeptic was pleasantly surprised with the outcome.We have been to Portrait Innovations a few times and we have never been disappointed.
2	My family and I went to this studio for the first family photos we've taken in well over half a decade, and were helped by a gentleman named Caleb.  I'll admit, we were a little late for our appointment, but when we arrived, he told us that he'd have to get us in "when he can."  No time frame.  The wait actually wasn't to bad, maybe 10 or 15 minutes, but when he took us back to take the pictures, he was clearly rushing through a series of generic pictures and poses, clicking away so fast, the flash felt like a strobe light!  When we were going through the pictures before our purchase, we got a FEW fairly cute pictures of my little niece, one good picture of my sister and myself, but not one DECENT family picture!  Who h was our whole purpose of going!  So after what felt like being pressured to settle on pictures for packages over $300, we asked to reshoot our family portrait.  We did eventually find pictures and a package that we liked, a little basic photo editing being required.  We were told to come pick the pictures up in an hour, and left content (if not experiencing some buyer's remorse) with our selections and purchases.An hour later we come back, and our pictures still aren't quite finished and had to wait over 15 minutes for our order to be processed.  After returning to our vehicle we decided to sneak a peak at our pictures.  Over half the photos were cropped poorly, and NONE of the photo editing we had been promised was done!  We started this process at 4:30, it's now pushing 8:30 and we're still waiting for our "professional" family portraits.Family photos are supposed to be a fun and easy experience.  This has been neither fun nor easy!Ordinarily I with a review like this, I would only give 1star (less if that we're an option) but while waiting for our pictures the first time, I did witness some amazing customer service, which i believe should be recognised.  The associate not only walked her clients to the door, which she held for them, but also literally ran to their car to give them something they had forgotten.  Had she been the one to help us, I'm sure this review would have been much different, but Caleb obviously could not be bothered to deliver even passable customer service.
1	About a week ago, I went into a studio to have some family pictures and individual pictures taken. 60 pictures took roughly 10 minutes, no direction, no posing, all done by the manager! The pictures were terrible, to say the least. When we decided to walk away with nothing, the photographer decided to do a re-shoot of the family pictures only. They were ok, and with the promise of photo shopping some issues on almost all of them, we bought the 12 pose package. We received the pictures and not one was photo shopped, as promised, to get him the sale. The cropping was terrible, where 2 members of a 4 person picture were cropped OUT of the pictures. Needless to say, we returned, furious at the flat out lies a MANAGER told us and demanded correction. The manager/photographer seemed disinterested through the entire experience. The pictures returned to us, although corrected, were NOT the ones we had chosen and some were STILL not corrected! It gets better... We finally got the calendars/photo books in! Every single one of them is the misprints and errors that HE didn't fix the first time, and in the calender, one of the pictures is crooked! Do they have a QA department review this work because they obviously also refused to do their job. $200 in pictures later and what I got was a major disappointment. If I could get a CASH refund, I would go elsewhere, but I guess that's how they get to keep your money after dishing out less than quality pictures for an over inflated price tag. Now I have a lot of pictures that I cannot distribute because of the poor quality I have received. Needless to say, I am not satisfied, and I would never recommend this portrait studio to another person.
1	Nitemare!  With the exception of telling us where to sit, photographer offered no direction.  Entire photo shoot lasted appx 10 to 15 minutes. While looking at the extremely disappointing images, the photographer left us no less than 3 times to take a personal call on his cell phone. Although a backdrop was used, in many of the photograph the studio itself was exposed. In other words the backdrop did not cover the entire backgrounds. Many of the photos had at least one member of our party cut off! Eventually we did settle on a package provided some editing and photoshopping be done. We were told it would take 15 minutes before our photos were ready. We came back an hour later and they still weren't ready. When we did finally receive our photos not one single edit or Photoshop process had been done! Clearly no quality control was done. 1 photo in particular that I ordered a 10 by 13, as well as several 8 by 10 of was clock so poorly bet the four year old in the picture had three quarters of her head removed and I had everything from my lower lip down cropped out . So you could only see the for your old one eyeball, and it looks like I was biting the bottom of the picture! When I returned I was disgusted. As I said none of this photo editing had been done at all. When the photographer attempted to fix his errors, he did it on photos that we did not order. There were so many issues it's impossible to relay them all on here. I spent over $200 on unusable photographs. I ended up returning everything. And now have to wait 5 to 6 weeks for a refund! Do yourself a favor... You go to Groupon and find a real photography studio. Because this place has proven the old adage you get what you pay for! And here, you get crappy customer service and very poor quality photos.
1	Terrible, terrible, terrible. We made an early morning Saturday appointment and arrived 5 minutes before our scheduled time. 10 minutes passed, and then 20, and then 30, each time the sales associate said "just 5 or 10 minutes". After 30 minutes, we finally asked how many people were in front of us, and they told us 4-5. Needless to say, we left immediately, having just wasted a half hour of my life, not to mention to the time get all dressed up !Come one, what's the point of making an appointment if you can't in within a half hour of the appointment time ! It was early Saturday morning, so how it is possible to get so far behind in appointments so quickly, if not through sheer incompetence. If I was running a "production line" photography studio (basically what this place is), I would think I would have a pretty damn good idea of how long a shoot takes and schedule appointments accordingly.Reading the other reviews, it seems as if this is a continuing problem with this location.Stay far away from this place if you value your time...
2	I've been coming here for years, at least 2 times per year.Sadly, the quality has been going downhill each time.  I feel like the cost is going up and what you get is getting less.They can't seem to get you in at your appointment time, ever.  I think the fastest I've ever gotten in was 20 minutes after my time.  I always ask to not use the backgrounds like the beach or the meadow.  I'm not interested in that, and who would believe that my AZ kids are on beach anyway?  They either argue with me that they have to take them or seem bothered.  If they are going to waste my time and theirs by taking pictures I'm not going to buy, fine...but why? I like the clean look of the white background for my kids.  But the white backdrop they use is always gross and dingy from dirty feet and shoes. And it shows up in the final product.  How hard is it to keep their things clean? It's gross.  This last time I was there, the pictures turned out horrible.  The lighting and focus were off, making the subjects look orange.  I know they don't photoshop the images, but the finished prints had an "overprocessed" look to them.  When I complained, the woman said that they looked fine to her.  So I held up the picture to the actual child and said, "Does my kid look orange to you?"  She again said they looked fine.  After some debating, she reluctantly agreed to retake the photos.  I felt like she was rushing and not doing as good a job as she should have, especially since I was so unhappy with the first set.  If I'm going to drop $200 on pictures, I want them to be nice and to be happy with them.  The 2nd set were a little better, but not as good as I'd like.  The coloring was still off, the lighting was still weird and they had a weird "pixelated" look to them.  In the end, I just accepted them, although I'm not satisfied for what I paid and what I received.  But I had a deadline to meet with getting the pics done and couldn't come back another day or find somewhere else.  I'm disappointed.  The customer service was not great. They turned out a bad product, and then argued with me that they saw no problem.  What happened to making the customer happy?  I wanted a good product for what I paid, nothing more.  Will I be back?  I don't know yet.  I think they need to reevaluate their service and make sure they have proper photographers on staff.  I get the feeling they pay minimum wage to high school yearbook photographers who don't understand how to really work the SLR cameras and equipment.
4	We came back for retakes and Kenny and Matt were very helpful and did a wonderful job.
1	Terrible, terrible experience at Portrait Innovations today. My family has been loyal to this studio since 2010, initially starting out at their now closed Scottsdale location and moving with them way down south to Chandler - 35 mins drive. We were happy with their backgrounds, props, staff (especially Kelly), and prints. All this is sadly a thing of the past. Their 2014 Christmas special brought us in and our photographer was John - a cool guy who got several nice shots. The people at the front desk obviously weren't paid to smile - why should they, it's only a photo place, right? They neither made us feel welcome or at ease.While waiting our turn, we noticed how dirty and gross the furniture was. Absolutely disgusting. What a way to welcome your customers.Their monitors you view the photos on are really poor. Old Pioneer TVs - very grainy, pixelated. Neither 720 or 1080 HD, probably just 480 resolution - like your old tube TVs. They are pretty crappy to view photos on - you can't tell if the shot is in focus, lightning overexposed, or if the contrast is right.When we got the prints, the trouble really began. The quality was abysmal - even the prints I get at Walgreens are better! There was no contrast, the picture was overexposed, skin tones were grey, the color temperature was way cold with very little saturation. I would be embarrassed to send those Christmas cards to family or hang the prints on the wall. Even worse, the attitude from the staff was ice-cold and completely arrogant. The prints were awesome, in their opinion. Yes, they didn't match the examples they have available on the counter because "those had been photoshopped" (which they don't offer to customers), they were with a different background, and with different lighting. I even spoke to a manager, which was like speaking to a robot. Repeated the same empty rhetoric, essentially putting the blame on us for choosing the snowflake background. Eventually, we ended up (reluctantly) asking for a refund. I even asked twice if there wasn't ANYTHING they could do (maybe calibrate the printer?) but no. Loyalty and past experiences didn't matter to them. No offer to retake the shots, nothing. Needless to say, I recommend staying far away from these amateurs. Choose quality. It's photos and memories - they deserve better than grainy, pixelated, overexposed photos with weird color tones.
