4	this greggs located in bruntsfield is a good place to go to for a snack or lunch.It has a great selection of food at great quality.Its also affordable prices on their quality food.
3	When all else fails there's always Greggs.An assortment of pastries, plenty of sandwiches and some custard packed donuts have always tempted me when alternative lunch plans have gone tits up.  I've often opted to exceed my recommended daily salt intake with the combination of a sausage roll, steak bake and a fudge donut and would suggest you do too.Sure it's nothing fancy and a visit to any branch at lunchtime will inadvertently have you mingling with foul- mouthed builders, but its all part of the low key charm.
3	Greggs is the place I would go to if I knew that I needed to be unhealthy and/or quick.Thats the thing with Greggs - on the one hand you have the pasties, sausage rolls, pies and various other amounts of tasty, filling and warming grease bites, and yet on the other you have freshly made and bloody tasty sandwiches with a range of fillings. It's all really good value as well, and the staff are always friendly/mad.You can get a vast range of customers in here as well, but service never gets slow.So, if you dont have time to go to a deli/sandwich shop for your freshly prepared humous and red pepper bagel - get yourself to greggs.
2	I popped into this Greggs the other day as I was in need of a quick bite to eat whilst on the move. I was in an exploring mood and a 'big softie' chicken and mango sandwich sounded so good. I haven't been to Greggs for ages but it's always comes up trumps when you're needing convenience food, plus it's cheap which is always a plus.Thankfully it wasn't that busy and I grabbed my chicken and mango sandwich, as soon as I walked out I ripped off the packaging and started gorging. After a couple of bites I have to say I was starting to feel a little sick, the chicken was rock hard, as if it had been left out for days. The mango dressing drowned out any disgusting taste but the texture was just wrong. I was only half way through and it was so bad that I had to put it in the bin. I was disappointed and still hungry but I couldn't face buying anything else as the disgusting sarnie had really put me off my lunch. Yuck.
3	Greggs is a company that is much like most "grab and go" companies who are there to put something in your belly and not much else.So to me, what makes each branch different is their team work ethic and individual personalities and how they blend together.You never have the time to get to know your team of staff, and as soon as you strike up friendships and rapport with a team, they are moved on to a different store so you then have to restart the process of getting to know your new team. This can be a pain seeing as I work in the area.If all you are after is extra calories and stodge then, my friend, welcome to Heaven. 3 stars because across the board, Greggs do what they set out to do, keep you full for a low price.
