4	Being from Socal, I am use to consignment stores such as Buffalo Exchange, Dee Lux, Wasteland and Crossroads. I went here on the grand opening on Thurs. It was pretty crowded and there was a 30 min just for the dressing rooms. It's a decent size and they coordinate by color. The only thing I didn't really like was that a lot of the things they had were from Forever 21 and H&M. I just wouldn't want to spend $5 on a F21 shirt that I could also get at the store on sale. Also, I go there to find unique clothing that no one else has. But I'm guess a lot of girls really like that.Clothes range from:Dresses: $10-20Shirts: $3-12Shoes: $10-20A few things were more expensive because of the brand. The prices are a little on the steep side for me :/They seem to be pretty generous on what clothes they buy from you but it may be cause it's new. Many consignment stores I been to were pretty picky. Staff was very friendly and were always helpful. They even apologized to me for the long wait for dressing rooms. They also have a loyalty card that if you spend $10 dollars are they buy from you $10 dollars worth of clothing you get a point. When you reach a certain amount of points you get 20% off your next purchase.Overall, I would go again,I did find some cute things
5	Highly  think  this  is  a  great  place  for  buying  clothes  at  a  very  reasonable  cost.
4	I just had my very first Plato's Closet experience and I was highly impressed. I had read some reviews for Scottsdale and Chandler and was nervous to hear that so many shoppers had experienced such poor customer service, but Glendale didn't seem to have that rep. Sure enough the employees at this location were kind, attentive, helpful and overall friendly. The clothing selection was very diverse and reasonably priced. Better signage could help the organization of items but it wasn't too shabby overall.As for selling my clothes there, I expected a little more profit but I wasn't too shocked about that. However, I was shocked that they didn't offer a higher amount in store credit. The local places at which I use to consign would typically offer you less in cash and more in store credit. I was pretty bummed about that aspect.
5	I am such a fan! The hubby and I brought in a tub of clothes and the bought a decent amount, they paid very well!!  We were very happy with their offer. I also found a super cute pare of shorts for only 5 bucks! I noticed some good prices throughout. The girl who helped up with our sale was beyond nice and helpful!
3	Decent place with friendly staff. Maybe a bit young for me, but good for a teen or young twenty something. The clothes are a cut above what you'd find at your local Goodwill or Savers, but the prices are a bit higher as well. Not as spendy as new clothes, but not quite as cheap as Goodwill. Staff seemed nice enough even though the place was packed and some woman seemed incapable of understanding the nuances of a loyalty punch card.
4	I really like this location. Brought in a bunch of clothes...they are pretty picky, but did take about twenty pieces. On average I think they pay about 3-4 bucks for each piece of clothing. They have a lot f good clothes here too!! I found a ton of really cute shirts for only a few dollars each.
5	I am always on the lookout for consignment clothing stores that have name brand clothes at a decent price. I found just the place when I discovered Platos Closet, located just outside Arrowhead Mall. This place has everything from Abercrombie to Marc Echo to Gucci. I usually have a problem finding a good size selection, not here though. Plato's has rack upon rack of clothes in every size from 0 to XXL. And they don't just have clothes. They have shoes, belts, purses, hats, jewelry, wallets and a selection of other knick knacks. Every time I shop there i'm treated with friendly, courteous service. The employees seem to really care if you find what it is your looking for. And lets be honest, great customer serivce is not exactly the norm these days. Platos Closet is most definitely a diamond in the rough worth checking out!
4	I brought clothes here to sell. They were really nice and explained how it works- they sort through your stuff and give you cash or store credit that day. The good thing is they take all seasons, shoes, bags, jewelry, belts. It's surprisingly organized! There was a steady flow of customers shopping while I was there. Good selection of mid range clothes for late teen- late 20 age range.
1	Don't bother selling clothes there if they're more than a-year-old or not in style... I didn't need an explanation from the employee as to why there not taking anything.  "I'm sorry these items are to mature for us" Since when did dickies, lucky 13, fallen, sullen, pencil skirts, rockabilly pinup style shoes and clothing go about of style?? They made me feel way out of place....  Buffalo exchange is the jam.
1	Never again will I go here to try to sell my clothes.  This place is full of themselves and their buying policies are ridiculous.  First of all, I am a thirty something year old whose clothing style is pretty much up to the fashion standards of today. Secondly, my clothes, purses and shoes are very well taken care.  However, such was not the case when I recently tried selling some clothes, shoes and purses here.  How exactly is a denim skirt from the Gap out of style?! Or how is a Coach purse not good enough?! Evidently my never before worn, still have the tag on them sandals from Payless had wear and tear. Are you kidding me?!? And a cute yellow coat from Nordstrom's, which I have seen similar styles of coats being sold in stores recently, is evidently not  cool enough!? Because apparently they won't take anything more than a  year old. Did I mention I saw a pair of beige wedges from Payless of which I have the exact same pair of but in black that I bought two years ago. So much for their policy! Seriously though, do NOT bother trying to sell your things here because you are better off  donating your things or going somewhere that does not have an identity crisis (me thinks they think they are some hip clothing store that you find at the mall with brand new name brand things.) They only bought two of my things, a pair of Bongo jeans and Mossimo cowboy boots (gee thanks) and all for seven dollas  make ya holla. Overall, I wish I had never gone here and will not be going back.
1	Really didnt care for some of the employees. Huffing and puffing because I'm in the aisle looking at clothes with my baby in her stroller where they wanted to put clothes away so desperately bad. Not the customers fault the store is so small. Next time I wont bite my tongue.
3	I really liked the store, nice employes. The selection was good. But I brought in a huge stack of shirts and shorts and they said nice style but it's old. 99% of the clothes have never been worn , 90% was brand name : American Eagle, Hollister, ect. But they took nothing and told me to come back. I'll go back to shop but I will not go back to sell.
5	Amazing prices, awesome employees, and they fairly purchase your clothing. I always find cute things for cheap prices- I found a shirt their yesterday for $3 and it was adorable! Love the store so much!
4	Hit or miss, it's has a great selection in smaller sizes. Sometimes lacking in size large, but again it's a hit or miss sometimes they have a better selection near the season change it tends to be slimmer pickins. Staff is almost always friendly and they frequently do contests/giveaways on Facebook or Instagram.
5	Super clean, super friendly, and super nice attire. Definitely recommend to anyone looking for nice clothes at a reasonable price.  Emily the owner helped me feel welcomed and I will be returning for sure!
