4	I didn't get much in the way of attention or customer service but I was able to find a number of great buys. The store was very messy because of the huge sale that they were having. However, that was no excuse. As soon as you could look to the cahsier's counter, there was a sales associate on the job trying to clean up the displays, sales tables, etc.  I was happy about that part. I found a number of shirts and dress pants for Walter. I found a number of cute tops for my Mommy. I was so happy when I found a bunch of dressy pants for myself. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to find any in the length that I'd like best. But, thank goodness for being able to hem my own pants. There were some real bargains in here. I was very impressed and will likely return in August.
4	$19.99 for a pair of VH flat front slacks! you cant beat that! all different colors and sizes for my man to look great. Steer clear of pleated pants b/c let me tell you from a woman's POV - NOBODY looks good in pleated pants.. just sayin. i saw a scarf i really really wanted but it was $50... conveniently marked up so that the 50% off makes you think you're getting a deal. What the hell ever. Yes this location is in the LV Premium outlets but I'm not stupid- that my dear is not a deal. I left the scarf there b/c lets face it- that too only looks cute on flat chested girls.. on ladies like me it just adds bulk... and I have my own bulk that I dont need to add on to it.. thanks. which way is the Coach store? ...
4	Some have said, I'm like a girl when it comes to clothes. I don't think that's a bad thing. Neither do people at Van Heusen I guess ...Stopped by looking for what else? More work clothes. This store had post Thanksgiving deals on the likes that I was hoping for and expecting. I even forced myself not to buy more because there was still a lot of shopping to do. Anyway, I appreciate when the associates try to keep the merchandise as organized as possible. Sizes marked correctly and even being helpful when they're obviously exhausted from the holiday sales. Not everything was marked ridiculously down but enough was that I walked out with a bagful
3	I was curious on saturday night, plus noone was in sight, not even someone who worked here! This brand is the same owner of Bass stores (sometimes Bass has some cute stuff). High retail prices, with the 70% off promotion, makes the clothes reasonable. Otherwise, forget it. The clothes are alright. I have my favorites, Banana Republic, Ann Taylor Loft, and The Limited. So, if I compare the style here with those brands, it's more conservative preppy and plain-jane. I would imagine one can get the basics here and build on that.
