5	The Photo Booth Limerick.As socially acceptable as it may seem,bunches of photos on Social chimp's endless reem.Grab your pals and a disguise;goof around and wink your eyes.These snaps will be the talk of your entire kickball team.I was all gussied up at Yelp Helps 2012 and ran into The Social Chimp. With mustache in hand, the gang and I acted as crazy as possible while they snapped action shots of jumping, laughing, pointing, and posing. I can't wait to download the digitals to post everywhere!These guys would be a much talked about and never forgotten addition to any office party, company picknick, wedding, holiday party, or knock-out birthday celebration.Happy Yelping Phoenix, I look forward to seeing all those action shots!
5	A really cool twist on the ol' photo booth.I have run into Social Chimp at a few events and its always a ton of fun; and seems more entertaining than other photo booths. The props are cool and the remote is legit!I recommend SC at your event, and if you have it, I may stop by for some photos
5	I have had Social Chimp Photo Booth at my fiance's 30th birthday party and have already reserved it for our wedding in February. I have also run into the booth at several weddings and have had so much fun with it. It has so much more room than other photo booth's and allows you to fit several people in the picture at the same time. There is also so many fun props that you just want to keep taking more pictures. There is enough room to jump around and having a remote allows you to take as many photos in a row as you would like. Another great aspect is that they are uploaded online (thanks to Scott) within a day or two and can be used on social media and are not just a strip of a couple pictures. Also, it allows you to see all of the pictures your guests took, which is really fun!! I would recommend this booth for any type of event (wedding, birthdays, sorority events, etc.).
5	Social Chimp was at my wife and I's wedding in March and we couldn't have been more happy with that outcome. The younger people loved it but most importantly the older crowd had a great time too! They do a great job with props and it keeps it fun and interesting. Looking forward to having them at our next event!
