2	I had high hopes for this place as it's name led me to believe that I would be served a heaping traditional hoagie. However, I think what the place means by "original" is a hoagie long after it was filled with fresh and delicious foods, yet before it was expanded upon by places like Subway.The tuna hoagie I received was made on a white bread roll no different from one I could get at a Safeway and was filled with the same type of tuna salad, chopped lettuce, and no-taste cheese you get at Subway only with none of the varied add-ons that make Subway doable.  So, if you're looking for a pre-corporate but post-interesting hoagie like many of the middle-aged people on lunch break here, I guess you've found the place for you, but there are many better sandwich places nearby. It's rare that I prefer a chain over a local place, but Original Hoagie makes an exception to the rule.
5	I'm from PA near Philly, so I know a thing or two about hoagies and cheese steaks. Upon discovering The Original Hoagie Shop, I had very low expectations since everything else I have found in the Phoenix area has left me wanting something better.Granted, I've had some good steak sandwiches at various restaurants better than the ones in Philly, but that isn't too hard since what is used in Philly includes cheese wiz. What typically makes hoagies and steaks in Philly great is the bread.So far, I've had the Italian Hoagie and cheese steak at The Original Hoagie Shop. I can tell you, the hoagie is the best I've had in a long time. The bread is as close as I'll probably get in the desert and the ingredients are wonderful. Ditto for the steak sandwich.Another great thing about this shop is the staff. The owner always greets you with a smile and the other staff is incredibly friendly.Give this shop a try!
5	Being from Philadelphia, finding a good Italian Hoagie can be tough. This is the best I've found in the Phoenix area.Finding the right bread is often difficult but they've done a good job here. The quality of meats and the service provided directly from the owner put this place as a must visit.I usually have the Italian Hoagie but their cheese steaks and meatball subs are great as well.
5	Great cheese steaks. Fiesta Cheese Steak rocks
5	This place continues to rock! Tom and his staff are super friendly and they truly appreciate your business. If you haven't stopped by this quaint little sub shop yet, I'd highly recommend it. They have quite a few regulars and seem to be as busy as ever.
4	Another day, another lunch in Tempe with a coworker.Never eaten here until today, after almost 9 years in the area.  How does that happen?  Maybe because there are about 50 sandwich shops in 4 square miles.Regardless, needed a quick bite and was worried that other places were too busy.Meatball sub was tasty.  Homemade sauce and meatballs.  Cashier (owner?) was friendly and quick to answer any questions about the menu and favorites..Give it a try.  I'll go back for the cheese steak soon.
5	In a nutshell, this place is awesome.  Frigging awesome.Since I work close to here, I typically have a lot of the same crappy ass options for lunch that I get sick of.  Original Hoagie challenges these crappy options and comes out the victorious winner, like Tom Berringer in the Movie "Sniper", when he knows he just owned his enemy.  I would come to this place more than once a week if I made more money than I do.  It is just one of those places.  I will give this place my official N.F.A. rating (no fucking around)Here is my typical experience when I come here.  Now, I have tried about 5-7 things off the menu here in my 100 visits or so and they are all awesome.  Fresh ingredients, lettuce doesn't taste like water, meat doesn't taste like Carl Budding, soft bread (god the bread here...damn...) and kick ass service.  My "regular" item takes a few minutes longer than the typical sub.  The owner sees me in line, has them start making it before I even order it so I don't have to wait as long. A-fucking plus.    Let's talk about the owner, shall we (I assume, might be the manager, not sure but he is always running the cash register)  This guy is awesome.  And I hate people.  He always asks how my days is going, making small talk, etc.  If I haven't been in for a while, he says things like "been a while since I have seen you!" "how have you been?" "Come back more often!"  He is the guy taking orders every time I have been there.  Since I am not a huge fan of soda, he always gives me a good size ice water and doesn't bitch about it or charge me for a cup.  That charging for a cup thing is horse shit and non-existent at this place.By the way, no fee for using a debit/credit card either.  I almost always use cash, but a plus for you card users.The restaurant is always clean.  Tables are free of garbage and left over food.  They always have the daily newspaper to read and I have never been pushed out of there if I read it after my meal is over.  The place doesn't smell of burned bread or rotten meat either, like a lot of other sandwich shops.If I had to make a complaint it would be that there is no bathroom here for customers.  The place is small and probably lacks the resources for it.  Plus I bet it would piss off the health department if they knew customers were walking through the food prep area to wash their hands which is why it doesn't happen.  Know this before going there and piss/shit and wash your hands beforehand and the bullet has been dodged.  If these instructions are too hard for you, then I assume natural selection will eventually pay you a visit anyway.  I look for any way to cut down a business and with this place I really can't find one.  Can't ding a star for their shitter (or lack of) If you are in the area and want a good meal, decent price (about 1-2 bucks more than the crappy national chains but after you eat you know where that money went) and good quick service, than give this place a try.  I found it by accident a few years ago and it was one of the best fuck up's I have had from a food point of view.  You are clear to engage the Original Hoagie Shop.  Weapons hot.
2	My sandwich was pretty decently priced. Good quality meat. It wasnt busy, so I got in and out very fast.My only 2 complaints: My lettuce was white and brown. Not appetizing at all. That, and I asked for them to go "easy on the mayo", which apparently meant to slop it on so that it literally drips, huge drops of mayo, out of the bottom while being eaten.Meh. There are much better sandwich places in the same area.
5	I love me some good sandwiches, and this place has em. Small, family owned joint - it's easy to become a regular here - just go a few times and they'll treat you like one. Super friendly and nice here. The food is fantastic. They use quality ingredients and cut the meat to order. Most places don't do this. The prices are low, and the food is good. The ambiance isn't fancy, but it's clean and quaint. The Original Hoagie Shop has been here for awhile now I think, and it's a great alternative to the chain across the street. You're missing out if you haven't made this your go-to when you want a sub. I'm definitely going back.
5	This is Tempe's greatest kept lunch spot secret.  The food is always super fresh and delicious.  The service is awesome and its family owned.  They also use a lot of local fresh food.  For example, they get their hoagies fresh daily from an Italian deli nearby.  And it's some of the best bread I've ever had.I've tried everything on the menu and I've been a regular for several years.  If I had to recommend one thing on the menu it'd be the Italian Cheesesteak (add mayo, lettuce, tomato to make it 'hoagie style').  They grill that bad boy up fresh every time.  The soups are great too, my favorite is a tie between the Albondigas and Broccoli Cheese.  My wife enjoys the tuna or turkey.  You can't go wrong, check it out!
2	This place was OK, a litle dirty like their AC vents above where the food is being prepped and made. Which to me is a no no. The food was ok, a little pricey I think. Staff friendly though.
2	First, I'm not a sandwich person (must still be shell-shocked from all those brown bags in high school).  The guy at super sign in the same shopping mall suggested I go there to grab a quick lunch. Waited in line too long to order. I an attempt to practice patience I decided to Zen and go with the flow. With order finally placed I waited and waited. The line grew steadily longer and still there was only one cashier and one prep person, or so it appeared.  I checked my email and Facebook and still no sandwich. Hmmm.  So much for grabbing a fast lunch. Get back to the office which is only 5 minutes away and dug in. Uck. The turkey was bland and the bread soggy. Not very appealing.  The ice tea was delightful though. :)Maybe it's what I ordered or my basic instinct to not eat sandwiches but it's a thumbs down from me. Must say that the person taking orders was friendly and did his best. I wish he had help during busy lunch times.
1	I had to run out of the office to fill my gas tank and across the street was The Original Hoagie Shop. I decided to give them a try since it was convenient. I even quickly checked their Yelp rating and saw the 4 star rating, so I felt it was a safe bet.The place was quite small and a bit dingy feeling. I didn't smell anything, which was surprising. I guess I was expecting to smell either baked bread, or the spices from the different hot sandwiches they offer, or something. I wanted to leave but felt I didn't have much time to go elsewhere so I stayed and ordered the cheese steak sandwich. Most places that offer cheese steak sandwiches usually have onions so I was surprised to find out I would need to add them on. I paid and waited...and waited...and waited. Finally! I got my sandwich and I headed back to work since I was running behind now.When I got back to work is when I realized they charged me extra for mushrooms but they didn't bother to let me know there would be an up charge for it. The total came to $8.18, I thought whatever, as long as it tastes good I'll be fine with it. I was very disappointed. The sandwich was absolutely flavorless! No tomato, or lettuce, no mayo, or malt vinegar, nothing was on it. It was just cooked chopped meat, with a little bit of onions, a few mushrooms pieces, and some cheese. This was not worth the money, not even close. I am so disappointed I wasted my money...I definitely won't be back, I didn't think it was worth the $8 bucks by any means. I would suggest going to Forefather's Cheese Steaks off of Priest and Warner. They're flavorful, they have lots of options to choose from, very clean place with happy staff. For the price I paid for JUST a sandwich by itself I could have gotten a sandwich, fries, and a drink at Forefathers. How sad is that!?
5	I LOVE the broccoli cheese soup and my husband loves the sandwiches. Great little lunch place.
3	eh,, Its ok. Great staff, and the ingredients fresh, good bread... Not a provolone or mozzarella guy and like a variety on my samiches,, especially SWISS or Cheddar. The price seemed a little high for the amount of samich,, Nice try for a new spot, but doesn't fit into my rotation on any level..
3	Was in the area, and I'm more into supporting local shops than chain. Read a couple of reviews and they seemed fair enough to give it a try. Got the steak sandwich with provolone and mushrooms. Was okay, not much flavor in the meat. I will add as well this place is a bit pricey for what you get , $11.00 for a full sub and a drink is kinda high. Over all it was good, I'd say the best was the bread, soft and fresh can't ever go wrong with that. Would I return, probably not, if they adjust the prices and have more lunch specials that are worth the travel then I probably say I would come back and try many other subs.  At least a daily special from 11-2, maybe $7-8 bucks for a 6 inch, soup and a med drink. I'm sure my one review is not gonna gear people away from coming, but if your on a budget this review might be helpful."Focker Out!"
