5	Driving passed Affordable Framing yesterday, a man came out scurrying from the store carrying an art piece in his hand.  He was moving with a rush of excitement.  A rush that said, "I just got a great deal." So, he got our attention.  We wasted no time parking the car to find out the 'goings-on' in the store.  Mind you, I drive by this place dozens of times in a week going to the dentist, Sprouts or Goodwill. We got in the store and it was filled with local artists, talent, talk, wine, and, of course, ART.  We had no intentions of making a purchase, we were just being nosy. Whenever I ponder on the purchase of an authentic, large piece of art, I'm always reminded of how small my wallet is.  Well, that's where Adamarie came in (the store owner).  She was approachable, fun to chat with and not pushy. Needless to say, I walked up to an art piece that stole my soul.  Seeing the fight I was having between my heart and purse, she made me "an offer I couldn't refuse."  So I said what most broke customers would say, "hold it for me and I'll come back." The enthusiasm that was on her face deflated immediately as I spoke those words.  I assured her that I would come back, I had to go rob 'Peter to pay Paul, plus talk to the hub.'An hour later, her face lit up as she saw me walk through the doors.  "I want my picture!" I declared. And the deal of my life was made.  I bought a $250, 60 lb, 48 x 56 frame art piece for $150 with free delivery! This is the most money I've spent on a picture ever and it was worth it.  I figured since I work hard, I deserve something in my home that says so.FYI: They have art classes every second and fourth Tuesdays at the store and if you want to have a special group session, they will  accommodate your group on a different day.  Refreshment is provided but BYOB.  Also, they have an art show once a month to meet local artists and perhaps make a purchase of a lifetime.They got my business.  Got a couple of pics that are screaming for frames!
5	The store owners are personsable and welcoming. They offer bi-monthly byob paint and wine courses for $25. Ada is a lovely and pacient instructor which makes the classes a lot of fun. She even takes the time to make an impressive snack tray. I was hooked after my first class and am now a regular student. Worth checking out!
5	I was shopping around to get my diploma framed. I knew I wanted something modern. I had already visited a couple of other framing places and was quoted over $350 at one place and over $200 at another even with a coupon. When I walked in I was immediately greeted by Ada. She asked me what I was looking for and my budget. She helped pick out a couple of frames based off my preference. They even had diploma framing specials that were a deal, but I didn't like any of the frames because I wanted one that would stand out but showcase my diploma.After about 20 minutes, I had found a perfect frame. It only cost me less than 1/2 of my lowest quote from the other place. The turn around time was a little long, but expected over the 4th of July holiday. When I picked up the finish product, I was amazed on how great it turned out. The craftsmanship is superb. It is definitely something that will last a very long time and still look current. I am very pleased with Affordable Framing and would recommend them to others.
5	In the past, I usually ranked getting pictures framed on the same level as going to the dentist, I haven't been happy with JoAnn's or Michaels and the rest of those framing places are so expensive, you might as well take out a second mortgage on the house....I don't own Picassos, just some modest prints.I really like Affordable Framing.  They are friendly, talented and their prices are good.  I'm finally starting to get around to getting pieces framed that have been sitting for years.  The most expensive print we own had been damaged in a flood years ago.  (*shakes fist at Tempe slumlord*)  Affordable Framing was able to cover up the damage for under $200.  Yay!   It's so nice to be able to hang it up again.  It looks great!
5	After spending some time at  JoAnn's was discouraged at the quoted price to do just one of three  items to give as gifts.  Drove home thinking just skip it.  But looked on Yelp for a local store even if it meant driving into Phoenix and found the reviews on Affordable Framing. Feel as if I have found a treasure chest for matting and framing  Ada was there and she is as others have said wonderful to work with. Was able to pay for getting the work done at a much better price.  Will be able to bring in more items for framing and know that it isn't going to give me heart failure on a quote.
