2	This fast-food Americanized Chinese cuisine wants to be as good as Panda Express. And I'm saying that knowing full well that Panda Express isn't that great either. The convenience factor (buying a quick to-go meal in the grocery store) is the biggest draw of this establishment.Cafeteria-style serving, the food is generally not very hot, the portions are small for an extremely high price ($8+ for a 3-item entree consists of a small scoop of each of your entrees and not that much rice, either), and the staff is often rude. If you question the portion size, they'll add a little more and say something in another language to whoever's in the back that usually elicits laughter. I don't mind people communicating in their preferred language, but the timing and the laughter makes me uncomfortable.I used to be a big fan of this place, until the pricing went up and the portions went down - along with the service. They charge extra for shrimp or BBQ pork ($1.50 upcharge why? - the items aren't that special). The worst part was that the next day the leftovers made me incredibly sick (after being stored in the fridge and reheated properly) which did not happen on previous trips. Skip Rice Garden even if you're in Bashas' and hungry - there's a few other places in the strip mall and a freezer section in the grocery store. They're not open very late, the food is likely to not be hot enough anyway, and the price does not reflect the quality.
2	Fast food is rarely going to be epic.  Tonight was my first time eating there in a LONG time.  The staff was nice.  7 bucks for 2 entrees and some spring rolls was a pretty good deal.The spicy chicken was overall good.  Overall the batter was crispy, though a few pieces were not.  The spring rolls were mediocre.  They were not the worst I've ever had, but I've had better.  The lo mien tasted doey like it wasn't all the way cooked or something.  To be honest, there are better places out there, but if you're in a pinch and hankering for chinese it's better than nothing.  The chicken and the service saved what otherwise would have been a 1 * rating.
5	Love BBQ pork !!!
5	Food has always been fresh and soooooo good !!! I love the orange chicken and chicken and mushroom... eggrolls better than spring rolls ... spring rolls are mushy :( .. they hook up the plates to go !!
