4	Awesome breakfast burritios, absolutely killer.  The coffee isn't bad either.
3	Tried this place for dinner between classes. It is kind of like Chipotle and Qdoba, but the focus is not just Mexican burritos.Pros:Buffalo sauce is greatInteresting menu itemsLots of vegetarian optionsCons:Significantly slower than Chipotle / QdobaStore has a strange smell (Maybe new building, but maybe not)Note: Menu items don't come with meat, which is ordered as an add-on if you are interested.
2	UPDATE AFTER A SECOND VISIT:Upon further inspection, it seems to me that although they advertise as being healthy (and generally are), almost all of their meals are high in fat content. And since they don't allow you to "Create Your Own" anything, there's only so much you can do to fix that. Now on to my experience...Employee seemed uninterested in me until the last second. When I gave my order, I was spoken to in a clipped way that made me feel like she didn't care, or just wanted to get it over with. I don't need any special service, but it was a bit off-putting.Asked for kale instead of spinach/romaine. Paid extra for said kale. Still got spinach/romaine (I got it as take-out so didn't notice until I was at my later destination).Asked for no dressing. It was SMOTHERED in dressing, so much so that most of my salad was soggy by the time I got to eat it. No, this place isn't terrible. It's fine. But the customer service and menu versatility seems to be seriously lacking. I have dropped my review from 3 to 2 stars because of my combined experiences.ORIGINAL REVIEW:Tried this place post workout between classes because I wanted a healthier option.There was another girl having problems with her order because she wanted a smaller portion (the portions are pretty huge, I will admit). One of the employees told her that the wrap was a smaller portion, so she asked for the wrap without a tortilla. The other employee couldn't get it through her head that that wasn't to be rung up as a salad. In the end, the first employee ended up giving her the smaller salad as a "wrap," but it was a lot of grief over something pretty simple. I like that they have healthy options. It's weird that they have everything set up like a health-food Chipotle, but they don't let you just customize whatever you want - you have to pick something off the menu and then you can switch a couple things around if you wanna have the conversation with them about it. There are a lot of proteins and "superfoods,' like kale, that you can add for like a dollar. I did that, but I have to say, $8.47 is a little on the pricy side for a salad, even if it was pretty big. I asked for dressing on the side and there was still dressing put on the salad. Oh well. I'm not really a big complainer, and it was good-tasting dressing anywaysThey shake up the salads for you, which I actually kind of liked because I hate it when all the toppings are gone in the first few bites. It was a good salad, the superbiotic one. I was more or less satisfied.Oh, and they take M&G. So I'll probably be back.
3	Not bad. Everyone complains about the employees, sure they seem at first a little disengaged, but can you blame them? Think of All the little brat sorority girls that give their order to them without even looking up from their phone. They probably didn't grow up the same way and may not get how the modern generation can be so self centered.... Just saying. As for the food, it's good. Not chipotle by any means but it's a great stop if you are in a rush to clash and need some grub.
4	This place is located at the business school on the ASU campus. Because of classes at night and no other options except a few things at the MU at night when I had classes, this was the place to be. You can choose from burritos, salads, wraps, and bowls. Somehow each time I wound up spending at least $9-$10.The food looks great but when you eat it, most of the options leave more to be desired. What would otherwise sound like an amazing meal, like a Thai Lemon Grass Burrito, always had me wondering where the lemon flavor was. It was aspects like that that left me give a 4 star review.The people running the place don't seem too bad. I always caught them between 6-9 at night so maybe that has a factor to play. Every time I walk in they're welcoming, smiling, and ready to take my order. They make their food right there in front of you. You might not be able to pick and choose what you want on everything but you can substitute components, etc.Some of these reviews are funny because they clearly show that people weren't paying attention to what they ordered and the ability to see exactly what they're doing to make your order (think of it like how you can see what they're doing at Subway). And every single restaurant is unsustainable in some way. They wrap your meal up in paper if you get a burrito or wrap, only for you to toss it away later...who's unsustainable then? I guess some of these reviews are freshman in their 101 classes who are out to change the world.
2	Overpriced for just mediocre wannabe healthy food. I got a Mediterranean bowl with chicken and it was $11. I was expecting it to actually taste good and have something special about it. It didn't. Unfortunately, this place is one of the only healthy places on campus to eat at so I might come back and try something else.
3	Pretty good, I like the lemongrass soup and the Bangkok burrito. But don't bother paying extra for a protein, they're so stingy with meat it might as well not even be in there.
1	All this place has going for it is its location. It is conveniently located for hungry people. The most significant problem is the employees. They should just put in a chipotle.
