1	We had left our dogs at Holiday Hound House on three occasions.  We never had a problem until the last time. The owner had been ill and was leaving the care of the animals up to other care takers.  When we went to pick our pooches up one of them was extremely ill.  Her being ill didn't bother me as much as nothing had been done about it.  We took our dog to our vet who told us the dog seemed to have gotten into something poisonous.  Her mouth was very swollen and she had lost a lot of weight.  We were well aware of this being a somewhat rural setting and knew the dogs had freedom to run around in a large contained area.  We'd left our vets name and phone number so there was no reason for this poor animal to suffer while no one noticed.  After four months of trying to make her well, we finally had to put her down.  Before this incident I very much trusted this establishment. After this incident we won't return.
2	The first 3 times we boarded our dogs here we were pleased with the care they received. My only complaint those times was that the boarding area smelled horrendous, like a dog pound or something. A dog smell is understandable but the smell it had seemed like it wasn't cleaned very often. We used them anyway because money was tight & they were affordable. Each of those visits, we were encouraged beforehand to bring whatever items would make our dogs feel at home & when we arrived, they let us go back & unpack their things & put them in the kennel ourselves. They keep each dog's belongings & food in their own large container with a lid, & I appreciated this organization. However, the last time we boarded them, we packed them each a bag with a blanket, a couple of their toys that they could keep in their kennel, & their food. On our last visit, I waited for the invitation to go back & unpack the dogs & she told me they were too busy for that but she would make sure they got all of their stuff.When we went to pick them up, 4 days later, the girl opened the container to give me their belongings & she handed me both of their bags...still neatly packed away like I had given them the day they arrived. When I asked why they hadn't at least given them their blankets her response was to chuckle & say, "Sorry, we forgot." So, for 4 days & 8 meals, they moved each dog's packed bag to get to their food & it never dawned on anyone to actually GIVE my dogs their stuff. The thought of them alone in the kennel for 4 days without so much as a blanket made me livid. This was definitely the breaking point for me & we will never use their service again. I also had a problem on every visit with them trying to charge me about $100 more than the rate I was quoted in an email & each time I had to show them the email & wait about a 1/2 hour for them to go into the house & discuss it with the owner (who I was never allowed to meet). They did give me the overcharge back but they were very rude about it. This routine happened on every single visit. I'm not saying this is a bad place or that I wouldn't put my dogs here if it were the only place available but since there are so many more reputable choices in town, I'd recommend going somewhere more professional. Yes, it's a "cute" place but I feel like the veneer is just a bandaid to some obvious underlying problems because they always seem short staffed.
4	We have been boarding our Springer Spaniels here for almost 5 years and have been very happy with Holiday Hound House. This is the only facility we have ever used where our discriminating dogs have been happy to go to and have come home NOT smelling like a dog. We board often and go for 1 week or even up to 1 month. The owner and her staff have always taken very good care of our dogs.
4	We have been taking our dogs to Holiday Hound House for 7 years. It is the only boarding service we have ever used. My dogs are always excited when we pull up and seem happy to be there.  I like that they are allowed to run around in a fenced area a couple of times a day.  My dogs are also boarded together which I appreciate.  The staff greet my dogs by name when we arrive.  We use the service 4-6 times a year and have always been happy with the owner and her staff.
4	We have been going to Holiday Hound House for the past 10years.  We would board our 3 dogs between 1 to 2 times (each time being approx 1 - 2 weeks each).  We have not had any issues, they were always taken well care of each time.  To the point they were very excited to be there and see the Owner or Care Takers.  We would note the only reason we rated this a 4 instead of a 5 was the last time in our 3rd dog didn't get his medical cream applied as instructed.  We do understand because they were busy.  This is our only boarding facility we use and have always referred friends or people from the dog park to the Holiday Hound House.
5	Our two golden retrievers, Buddy and Belle love coming here! Everytime we go on a longer or extended weekend or vacation, we bring our two babies here. Buddy and Belle are happy to arrive to smiling faces who KNOW them and people who truly love animals. The facilities are clean, well managed, and the yard that they play in is HUGE! The owner also goes out of her way to be accommodating, as one day I needed the dogs to be dropped off slightly earlier than normal hours, and Deborah was more than happy to help us out. If anyone asks where I take my puppies, I proudly give them Holiday Hound House's number and name. This is a great place for your animals to stay if you want to ensure that they will be loved and cared for while you are gone.
