4	They have some great smoothies here; but stay away from the baked stuff. It's frozen, thawed and toasted - loses all it's flavor.The service is good, the place is bright and clean and you've gotta love their philosophy: No artificial sweeteners, high fructose corn syrup, artificial... .I'd come back any day for the smoothies. :)
3	The smoothies are amazing! The service was ok because there was some "juicy" gossip going on between the two co-workers regarding a customer and I felt that it was incredibly unproffesional.
4	Jamba Juice is Jamba Juice. I can't really rate this place higher or worse than my other review, because it's just the same experience at any Jamba Juice you go to. Same setting, same menu, same service, same same same. Only difference here is that it's in Las Vegas and it might be a lot easier to enjoy it in this heat more, but other than that it's just the same as it is back at home (San Jose). So I'm just going to copy and paste my other Jamba Juice review on to here..........Always love this place especially on a nice warm/hot day. Depending on the weather is what I usually get smoothie/shot. If it's just a normal day and I need that extra boost of energy, I usually stop by here before heading to school and grabbing me a double shot macha energy with OJ. If my stomach feels a little empty I usually grab me a pretzel because its easy to eat on the go. Their sandwiches are good too, I just don't like to get e'm often because I'm usually in a hurry. I have yet to try any other competing smoothie places because this already completes my satisfaction, but it's still lacking a star, because I feel that it can do better and there just might be another smoothie spot that taste better that I have yet to try. On a hot day or when I'm just in the mood for a smoothie, I get a a "White Gummy" which is on their secret menu, and employees make it taste like the white gummy bear candy. I like to get others too, but this is my all time favorite.There is a few others on the secret menu, that MOST if not all Jamba Juice's make. You can easily search up Jamba Juice secret menu and you'll find a bunch of e'm, but here is a few of my favorites.Pink Star: Made to taste like everyone's all time starburst flavor (Pink starburst)Blue/Green/Pink/Red Gummy: Made to taste like the color coated gummy bearsChocolate Gummy Bear: Made to taste like the chocolate covered gummy bears you get at the storesReese's Pieces: Made to taste like the candy bar.Skittles: Made to taste like the skittles candies.NOTE: Remember there is way more on the secret menu, but those are just some of my favorites. There is a list below of some of the others that I haven't tried yet, and remember there are more, just do a quick search. Also keep in mind that not all shops make them, so ask them if they can make it before you order it.I'm not quite sure how healthy these are suppose to be (I heard that they're not on the menu because they don't recommend them because it's only a snack smoothie, not something as healthy as their normal menu), so if some of you guys are that are trying to watch your diet, you might consider checking the nutrition on these, but if you're just trying to try something different, then go wild!*Andres' Surprise*Apple Pie*Berry Depressing*Blue Gummi Bear*Blue-Topia*Butterfingers*Chocolate covered Strawberries*Chocolate Gummi Bear*Dirty Orgasm*Fruity Pebbles*Green Gummi Bear*Hello Jesus*Lemonade Lightnin'*Melonade wave*Now and Later*Orange Dream Machine*Pacific Passion*Peanut Butter and Jelly*Penis Shooter*Pineapple Dreamin'*Pink Fruity Pebbles*Pink Gummi Bear*Rainbow Sherbert*Raspberry Dreamin'*Red Gummi Bear*Reese pieces*San Diego*Screaming Orgasm*Skittles*Sourpatch Kid*Starburst ( aka Pink Star )*Strawberries Dreamin'*Strawberries Lightnin'*Strawberry Shortcake*Sunny Delight*Thank You Jesus*Tootsie Roll*Tropical Tango*White Fruity Pebbles*White Gummi Bear
4	I love the smell of this place. I probably go once a month. I usually order Strawberry Surf Rider, which I adore.They have street waffles - amazing! I've also had the steel cut oatmeal. It tastes great and it hits the spot.Try to catch the Groupons!
3	yummy yummy!! thats the best way to describe it! I cant say that I go here very often though. Its good when I'm craving it, but not always in the mood for it. My only issue is that every time I've gone, I'm waiting like 10min before I get helped, the people are always hiding in the back!
5	Love This place but just wish it was not so expensive for a smoothie. Besides a great smoothie you have got to try the wheat grass shot, it so yummy and healthy. Always great service. The music is a little loud but the music puts you in a good mood after a long day of errands. Jamba Juice is a nice place to get a smoothie to cool off and relax from the happy music.
5	What can I say!? I come here so much they know me by first name! I love mango a go gos! Customer service was excellent and theres a reason I come here a lot! Great workers and great service!
5	It's my first time at this location the service was relatively fast considering at hour busy it was at the time, the smoothie was delicious, I used my groupon so I got a bargain 2 smoothies for the price of one... The green healthy smoothie was amazing totally worth it..
4	I like this this place, I wish they had more juices though.The staff is friendly and inviting.I recommend this place to everyone For smoothies or juices.Enjoy!
5	I go here all the time. Staff is super friendly,  and prices aren't too bad. I always order a blue gummy. Check out the secret menu it's great.
5	Great locations and super friendly employees. I come here at least once a week and the service and quality are always awesome. I've been here when it's slow and when it's busy. Either time, I feel I get my order in a timely fashion. Usually when it's slow I'll make conversation with one of the employees and feel really welcomed. I say it's a must to be on their emailing list. I was able to cash in on a BOGO they were offering for a 3 day period less than a month ago. So if you are someone who frequents a Jamba Juice often, consider signing up. They let you know of any deals, new locations, or a new product you may not know about. Overall great customer service, great product, and I could not ask for much more than that. They will definitely continue to get my service.
1	The juice does not taste like the flavor you get. I got a mango drink and it tasted like plastic. The day before I got a strawberry lemon and they use lime and it's way to much and it's just so sour. The past 2 days the girls have a bad attitude and not friendly at all. It's not even worth the money!!!! I won't go there again!!!
5	I have been to multiple jambalaya juices in las Vegas and not a single one has topped the service and friendliness of this location. The staff completely recognises us upon walking through and constantly gives us the greatest service they can. the shakes and smoothies and everything has made this one area in specific trump all other juice places I have ever been.This place is so good I made a yelp for it. Everyone should try it.
