2	Ordered a new line of service last night online. Verizon is running a free overnight promo, but apparently they won't allow Saturday deliveries. No biggie since I still have my phone/service from AT&T, right? WRONG! Verizon apparently ported over my # this morning from AT&T even though I won't receive the new cell phone until Monday. WTF. I called the VZN's 800#, FedEx and the Happy Valley store.. all to no avail. No one "could" do anything about it. 800# rep even got a little hostile with me saying it's MY fault for ordering it so late on a Thursday night. Wow.  Since I'm phone-less for the next few days, I'll have some time to reconsider whether or not I want to be on the IN network. B*STARDS.Tip: Change your porting process. Wait until the customer receives and activates the new phone, pleeeeeeeeeease!
5	Richard Aquilar was fantastic.  He went out of his way to give us superb customer service.  We had to order the phone and it arrived exactly when he said it would.  His product knowledge steered us to the right phone.  Thank you Richard.
5	Five star service! Greeted at the door promptly and I was helped quickly thereafter. They solved my issue without delay.
4	I stopped into this location a few weeks ago because I heard that my company had negotiated a better discount for employees and, obviously, I wanted to get it. They weren't busy, so I was helped immediately. When I told the salesperson my situation I proceeded to get all of the paperwork out to verify my employment. He told me to put it all away because he had everything he needed already and that he'd look through some different options to make sure I was getting the best discount. After just a few minutes he had everything sorted out, told me I was going to save an additional 10% off of my bill and sent me on my way. He did actually point me toward accessories before I left, but he prefaced it by telling me that my company gets a sweet discount on them. I declined and he thanked me for using Verizon and told me to have a good day. It was a refreshing experience, seeing that so many cell-phone stores are trying to hard-sell everybody on everything. I'll definitely be back to this location!
4	I like this verizon wireless store.  The manager is very attentive and the staff does not pressure you and is genuinely helpful.  The sales person I talked too took her time to show me 3 different phones and did an excellent job recommending the right phone for my needs.  They were also able to find some corporate discounts for me.  Great store for sure !
1	My son knocked my smartphone out of my hand and cracked the screen and I'm not eligible for an upgrade for another 4 months so I decided to buy a phone off of craigslist to get my by for a few months. I needed a new sim card for the phone that I planned on purchasing and wasn't going to be able to meet the craigslist seller  until after the Verizon store was closed.  I work 40+ hours a week and can't get in to these stores unless I have a day off so I decided in order to be able to get my phone up and running I would need to get a sim card during store hours..When I walked in the "greeter" told me that they couldn't give me a sim card so I asked if I could buy one she said "no, because there free" and I said great well whats the issue then, and she refused to provide one. After I realized that I just wasted my time and money going to this store I decided to go down the street to a local "Mybullfrog" Verizon store. They were extremely helpful and provided the sim card with no trouble. I would not recommend the big box Verizon Stores when you can get much better customer service in the same area at a Mybullfrog/ Verizon Wireless store.
1	This Happy Valley Store is the worst customer service I have ever seen.  I went in there on a Tuesday night and there was a 90 minute wait, therefore I left.  I ordered a replacement phone via phone,  I ordered the blue I phone.  When I was told it was blue I figured blue not baby blue.  When the phone was delivered I called the Happy Valley store and asked if I could switch it out for a white one and they said sure.  So I proceeded to the store and waited about 10 minutes (that is a heck of a lot better than 90 minutes)  I was then informed by my customer service rep that there would be a $35.00 re-stocking fee.  REALLY???? WHY was I not told that on the phone when I called....  I proceeded to ask for the manager.  I was told the same thing about the re-stocking fee.  So I asked for his manager and he proceeded to tell me he was not available.  I asked for his business card so JEFF went in the back for about 5 minutes to grab a business card - came out gave it to me and informed me that h has all ready spoke to his manager and nothing is going to change.  WELL for one I am sure his manager was sitting in the back and it is kind of funny that he told me his manager was not available BUT he was able to go in back and speak to him.  I have called Jeff's manager Jeremy and have not gotten a returned phone call back.   I could go on forever, but I will stop.  MY POINT IT THIS STORE AT HAPPY VALLEY HAS THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER.  THEY NEED TO TRAIN ALL THE EMPLOYEES TO BE ON THE SAME PAGE. AND WHEN I CALLED AND ASKED IF I COULD EXCHANGE THE PHONE THAT HAS NOT EVEN BEEN USED, THAT EMPLOYEE SHOULD OF SAID ABSOLUTELY BUT BE AWARE THERE IS A $35.00 RESTOCKING FEE - MIND YOU TO PUT A PHONE ON THE SHELF.  CRAZY STUFF.    I was going to give them ZERO stars BUT it will not allow you to.
1	After spending nearly $200 signing up as a new customer my phone completely died within two months. After Jon fiddled with it for 20 minutes he told me I'd have to have a replacement shipped and I'd have to pay overnight shipping. I would also have to drive to a FedEx location and ship my old phone back. They offered me a loaner but that would have involved another trip back to the store. I was irritated that they couldn't replace my phone there or at least let me pay the difference for an upgrade. As I got irritated Jon got defensive and basically kept interrupting me..he did talk to his manager but he seemed to care even less...I basically left with a yellow sticky with the customer service number on it..WOW! That's service! When I don't like service I pay for I go somewhere else. I canceled verizon  and went to AT&T even though it cost me $365.. it was mostly their attitude that bothered me, obviously they're not empowered to make any decisions. Doesn't work for me
5	I recently went to see Jeremy at the Happy Valley store. What a great experience!! Jeremy took care of my issues right away, and throughly explained everything.  Every subsequent visit, he has always been very courteous and helpful to me.Being that Jeremy is a manager at the store,  he has many more important things to do I am sure. Nevertheless,  even upon departing from the store,  he walks to the entrance with me, and opens the door! I cannot praise Jeremy's, professionalism enough.He is a Professional. I highly recommend if you want the very best service anywhere, go to the Happy Valley store, and look him up.Thank you.Mike Larsen
1	I feel like it must be a job requirement to be as rude to customers as possible at Verizon Happy Valley. I walk in, and they guy with the iPad approaches me and asks what he can help me with. I explain that I am looking for the iPhone 5s. I highly doubted that they had it, but he said yes they do have it. Awesome! Right? Wrong! Because twenty seconds later, four people standing behind the counter told me that they didn't have it. They didn't say, "Unfortunately we don't have it, I'm sorry you were misinformed" etc. They told me I needed to pre order it and pay a freaking upgrade fee which I don't agree with, but whatever I didn't complain. They just really made me feel like I was the furthest thing from a valued customer. Really turned me off. Then, my husband goes next door to get his hair cut about an hour later, and now they have the phone. So I go in there to get mine. The same guy with the iPad approaches me and I ask if they still have iphones, and he says yes. I pay $249 and upgrade my phone.
