5	Delicioso!! New restaurant. The flavors of south america in one place. The restaurant work as buffet. My favorite is the chicken a la brasa!! Uhhhh muy rico.
1	The reason why I only star because I came there once to have the rusticity chicken and it was okay even though that it wasn't on "Brazza" the sauces were not right than I came last Saturday to have the paella and I went to Peru once and lived there for three months so I know a little about their Cousine but what I had it wasn't nothing even close I understand that Wisconsin's not the best place for seafood but at least  I had tasted better paellas.. Poor service ,Poor quality, and worthless.
1	We had an order delivered by Straight to your door.  The delivery guy called us to tell us he was waiting there and the restaurant was running late.  The food was definitely luke-warm when it got here (I realize this may not be their fault but the delivery guy was doing his best).  And once we got it, it was really terrible!  We had an appetizer of corn sticks (I forget what they were called) and they were way too salty and dry, and then we had Mofongo, which turned out to be a pile of dry stuff - I guess that was the plantains - and next to it a pile of tough nuggets of pork.  Just really disappointing.  Especially because both of us really love plantains and were looking forward to this new (to us) way of preparing them.
4	This is a great casual lunch spot.  There are two ways of ordering.  You can either order from their hot bar -- kind of buffet style, similar to how you'd get Chinese food at a mall.   You can choose an entree and two sides.  The second option is to order off the menu, and they'll make it to order.  It was a little confusing to figure out how things worked here... but once we ordered, everything ran smoothly.   I ordered the chicken in garlic sauce with plantains.  Pretty good, and it was a nice sized portion.  One of my co-workers got the chicken sandwich.  The thing was huge!!   It was big enough for two people.  Check out the picture I posted.   He was really happy with it.  We also got some fried yucca.  It came with two different dipping sauces.  Both were really good... check out the pics!  I read in the Isthmus and another review elsewhere that the Rotisserie chicken is really good here.  Our waiter even mentioned his love for it.   Unfortunately we didn't give it a try.I'll be back for the rotisserie chicken...and that chicken sandwich.
5	Excellent place to enjoy a meal , our waiter was really attentive and funny , i felt that he knows the food . The food was delicious and it really has the peruvian flavor ;) ... I cant wait to go back to eat here :) ... Yummy yummy  !!
5	I've come back here a few more times since my original review and decided that they need 5 stars.  They rock the lunch!  I have left happy every time I've visited.   Things that rock:  Chicken sandwich, rotisserie chicken, fried rice plates, any of their sides, and of course -- the dipping sauces!!
5	Delicious, cheap, great ambience - quiet and laid back. And friendly wait staff. A new favorite.
5	Amazing little place. Delicious food, prepared with care, a great mix of flavors in every bite. You can taste the freshness of the herbs, spices and vegetables. Highlights: rotisserie chicken, grilled fish, salad with chicken a la brasa, sweet plantains, yucca fries, fresh juices (papaya, pineapple, mango, strawberry!). The dipping sauces knock it all out of the park. It's almost miraculous that you can feed a family of four a healthy, made-to-order meal of tasty grilled meats served with fresh fruits and vegetables at such a reasonable price. After living in the Twin Cities for a decade, a place like this would always be packed and over-priced. The brasa concept is popular - because it's so tasty and leaves you feeling GOOD. This place is a gem and a favorite.
4	It's a great low key place. The fruit juices are fresh, and the fish is fantastic. You can even get whole tilapia fish, which is a rare find in Madison. There are also fired plantains available! Menu is not overwhelming and really reasonably priced.
4	I often wait for 10 minutes without seeing a server - not a complaint, just something to be aware of. I wouldn't come if you're in a rush; service is reasonably fast once they start serving you, but it definitely has the ambience and food of a place you'll want to chill at for at least an hour. They introduced me to seafood ceviche and their purple corn drink. I highly recommend both. If you're not into seafood their other choices are great as well.
1	I was very excited to eat here since one of my friends said the good was delicious. So I drove there to see that the place was closed on a Wednesday in the middle of the day. The hours said 11-10 and no sign of why they were close at 3pm.... Disappointed.
5	The lady-friend and I have been in twice now and it is decided: this place is a winner.  Simple menu, delicious food, reasonable prices and great service. $3 beers and great guacamole is always a great way to start but all the entrees we have tried were very good and the rice and beans are killer. They also have a big-ass TV and do specials during the game, just ask when you're there.This place really is a Gem! It is located just a few blocks off State Street and definitely worth the three minute walk past the usual restaurants.
2	Suffering from a mild bout of cabin fever, my daughter and I decided to brave the arctic conditions and grab some spicy food at A La Brasa.  I reviewed the menu options online before our visit and had a couple Peruvian-influenced items in mind when we walked through the doors.  However, the restaurant now describes itself as a "Mexican Grill", so it was time for a quick change of plans (note to management - please update your online menu).After seating us, our server dropped off a basket of standard-grade corn chips and a bowl of pico de gallo.  The chips were heavily salted and were nothing to write home about.  The pico de gallo was excellent - it was loaded with fresh onions, cilantro and tomatoes along with a healthy dose of jalapenos.  My only problem with it was the bowl was too small and every time we tried to use a chip to scoop some out, most of the contents ended up on the table.  Because of this, we soon ran out of pico de gallo, but our server was too engrossed with a cell phone call to notice that we needed a refill.  After adjusting to the new menu, I decided about the beef version of the Cemita Poblana sandwich ($10).  The sesame-encrusted bun was a disappointment; it had the texture of a hamburger bun from the local Piggly Wiggly.  Also disappointing was the beef cutlet - too little beef and far too much of the greasy breading.   I did enjoy the rest of the sandwich, which included loads of buttery oaxaca cheese, slightly sweet caramelized onions, spicy chipotle peppers and perfectly ripe avocados.  The $7 cheese quesadilla ordered by my daughter became a comedy of errors.  She is a vegetarian and the first version of her cheese quesadilla was peppered with small chunks of chicken.  We flagged down another server (our initial server was still busy on his cell phone) who apologized for the error and promised to make a cheese-only version.  It came ten minutes later, but this time, the thick corn tortilla was a soggy mess.  (I wonder if it sat on the counter too long, since the first quesadilla did not have this problem.)  The replacement quesadilla also lacked a serving of the salsa verde that added some much needed zip to this dish.  We again flagged down a server, and after another wait, we received the green salsa.  By then the whole thing was getting cold - ugh.  While my daughter did enjoy the melted oaxaca cheese, she stated she strongly preferred the $3 Los Gemelos version of this dish.  With no sides, this dish was a poor value.The interior of the restaurant was extremely clean, flooded with natural light and nicely decorated.  Overall, the negatives of my visit (spotty service, lackluster food) outweighed the positive (superb pico de gallo).  With so many other great, local options for Mexican food, I doubt that I will be paying A La Brasa a return visit.
5	Came here with 2 friends for a late lunch/early dinner and the service was great. I got cactus huaraches and they were delicious and huge. The chips were freshly baked and the pico was really flavorful. It was all really affordable too.
2	This is a mixed bag. The service was hands down the worst I have ever seen. We were almost done with our meal when they brought the appetizer. When we were ready for the check they realized we haven't gotten all our drinks out yet and brought us the last drink.The food was decent, and deserves better than 2 stars, but the bad service couldn't make up for it.I am finishing this review just now (April 2014). The review pertains to our visit to A La Brasa in July 2013
3	It's really kind of a just alright. One could tolerate a meal here but when going out the idea is not to tolerate but to really enjoy.Both me and my partner felt the food was kind of bland.
4	Good food, good service. I definitely recommend coming here for a casual and inexpensive meal or for takeout. I personally really enjoy the huraches, but everything on the menu looks good! Beer specials on Wednesday nights!
