1	A big letdown ! spent $42.00 on assorted menu offerings, few of them were any good. The "Pulled BBQ Chicken " was actually diced and lacked much flavor. The pulled pork was equally unappealing. The wings were alright. My son had a hot dog that he said was good. Maybe that's what they actually do well. Portion size was small for the price. Probably wont return.
4	Outstanding. Great Hot Dogs and the menu is set up perfectly to make your Dawg your own. Lots of great ideas from previous customers. We had Chicago style hot dogs and also were able to sample their ribs which are cooked on a great offset smoker. They use pecan and apple wood, the best for Bbq IMHO. Try the Blue Cheese coleslaw. Great side  dishes we can't  wait to go back. The owners are friendly as can be.
5	Terrific!  I've run by here a few times and have tried many of the items on the menu including many of the "chef's special" suggestions.  They've never steered me wrong.  Cooks are experienced and know how to barbeque just about anything that tastes delicious.  This is a smaller, family-run business and conversation there is entertaining.  I couldn't be happier with my visits.  Thanks Hawg 'N Dawg!
1	I like the food from Hawg and Dawg.  I usually get a 1/4 lb dog with the green hornet toppings.  The chicago style is decent too.  As far as their barbecue goes, it's good enough for a quick fix but isn't really anything special.  The sides aren't really all that great.  They are mostly bland and boring.  I suppose some people like that but I want a little spice or flavor.One thing that really bothers me is that they close at 7pm on weeknights and have even been closed at times when they should be open based on the hours on the window.  That being said, if you can make it over there while they're open, the hot dogs are worth the trip.*UPDATING MY ORIGINAL REVIEW*Apparently the owners here don't understand that if you have posted hours that you'll be open, it's probably a good idea to respect your customers and actually be open at that time. I can understand if you have an emergency and just can't open up one night, but now it has been 5 times that I've made the drive over there and they were closed during hours they should have been open. Yesterday, we went by and there was a sign saying they are at some vendor event and they are closed for a couple days. That's unacceptable if they think they're going to survive as a business. It already takes a special trip to go there since there isn't anything else around that most people would go to in that area. At this point, my recommendation is to just save the gas and make your own hot dogs. They're not worth repeated trips over just to find out you're not going to get one anyway.
5	I had been wanting to try to this place for awhile now and today I finally did as I was driving on my way home and was craving a hot dog.  It's a quaint little place and I presume that most of thier business is done from take out.  I ordered the chicago style hot dog with an angus sirloin dog..it was fantastic...one of the best hot dogs that I have had in a really long time...actually it was the ONLY hot dog that I have had in the last year..Further, the people who run the place(i think they were the owners) were really nice and helpful and acted as if I have been a regular.  I am going to be a repeat customer for sure!
3	This place located in an Ahwatukee strip mall is small and neat, also VERY busy; i saw a sign that awarded them best Mom and Pop shop 2010 in Ahwatukee by some organization, it definitely has that feel of a local independent shop.My pulled pork sandwich was fantastic;  However;  the bread was very soggy and my sweet potato fries tasted re-heated.  I have only been once but would go back when i get a craving for barbeque...
1	The place is very small just 6 chairs.  Stopped by for an early lunch - 11:30, was the only person there.  I could tell that they weren't ready for business.  After waiting 15 minutes for the fryer to warm up I told them to cancel the fries and settled for just the green hornet topped beef dog which was VERY salty, nothing special.   I probably won't return.
1	Closed.  According to the other shops in the strip center, they had a hard time remembering that in order to stay in business you have to be open when you say you're going to be open.
