2	The only reason why i am giving them two stars is because Patrick seems like a nice guy that is completely overworked and I understand that mistakes are made.  However, in the business world, this company is unreliable.  I ordered 90 shirts for a nonprofit Student Organization at San Jose State University.  The order is made on a friday, and promised to be finished by the following week. I payed via paypal, and expected delivery by the following Friday, at least, (it was promised on Wednesday), in which i ordered it a week earlier then our event.  Wednesday Comes, No response.  Friday, I call, No response.  Following Wednesday, No response via my email or phone call.  (I have sent about 5)After this, I call paypal to save me, for this guy stole my money.  After leaving a negative yelp, Patrick proceeds to contact me and ask to correct the situation.  All in all, the shirts were missing colors, (instead of using a gray screen, he uses black dots which gives the illusion of gray against a white shirt).Will not do business again, but Patrick did try to fix the error (still with poor organization and communication._
4	The CC Print is without a doubt the most stress free and affordable company to get custom clothing done. Patrick is a very down to earth guy, and he is a firm beliver in the power of networking and adverstisment. He gave me a great deal on t-shirts for my video production company. (Jon Zombie Productions). His prices were very affordable, definetly the best deal I found locally or online. He also is a great designer, he can create things from scratch. Give him an idea, you'll be surprised what he can come up with.
1	The only reason why i am giving them two stars is because Patrick seems like a nice guy that is completely overworked and I understand that mistakes are made.  However, in the business world, this company is unreliable.  I ordered 90 shirts for a nonprofit Student Organization at San Jose State University.  The order is made on a friday, and promised to be finished by the following week. I payed via paypal, and expected delivery by the following Friday, at least, (it was promised on Wednesday), in which i ordered it a week earlier then our event.  Wednesday Comes, No response.  Friday, I call, No response.  Following Wednesday, No response via my email or phone call.  (I have sent about 5)After this, I call paypal to save me, for this guy stole my money.  After leaving a negative yelp, Patrick proceeds to contact me and ask to correct the situation.  All in all, the shirts were missing colors, (instead of using a gray screen, he uses black dots which gives the illusion of gray against a white shirt).Will not do business again, but Patrick did try to fix the error (still with poor organization and communication.UPDATE:I did receive my shirts, and Patrick did try to resolve the situation by offering the 656 dollar order for 300 dollars, in which we deemed appropriate for our waste of time, but after 14 Days of ill communication, I would still not recommend this place.
1	Patrick Williams is a complete scammer. After back and forth emails of false hopes of getting my shirts,he still hasn't made the effort. All he had  to make was 26 shirts and ship them to me. It's been almost 2 months and he refuses to reply to my emails or answer my calls after I made a $188 dollar t-shirt sample order. I've already made a report with Better Business Bureau. Talk about a sloppy and unprofessional owner. I'm sure with his way of business, this company won't last long.
