3	I just went to Francis and Sons to get my truck washed. Pros:-Price for the basic wash $6.99-Wash and drying was done quickly-15 minutes-Friendly-no streaks on the windows-close to homeCons:-The greeter kept on trying to up sell me service-ultra wash, wax etc. -Water spots left on the passenger side (door especially).-When I got home, I noticed there was still some dirt residue on my bumper that I needed to clean myself.I'll head back in a few weeks when my truck is dirty again. I just hope next time the water spots and bumper residue doesn't happen again. If it does, then I'll need to find a new car wash to go to.
4	I finally had a chance to head back to Francis and Sons to get my truck washed (much later than I expected). My experience was better than my first go around. The initial outing was ok.My truck didn't have the dirt residue on the back bumper, minimal water spots ( I'm ok with some) and the greeter didn't continually try to up sell me the other wash packages.I found out that a SUV or truck results in your wash being $1-2 more. Either this is new or the last time I wasn't charged.Cars are still $6.99My truck was washed, dried and vacuumed within 15 minutes.There is also a frequent wash card that is now available. Your 10th wash is free. That's a nice little perk.
2	Hmm... wasn't so impressed with Francis and Sons wash service last Tue.  I got the deluxe wash and carpet shampoo for a pretty good price ($50) but when I got my car back, the wheels still have dirt in almost all of  the corners on the rim.  To be sure it wasn't just stubborn dirt, I got down and wiped it with my finger... it came off easily.  Then, one of the inside panels in front, which were supposed to be all wiped down, still had visible goo all over it from my nephews chocolatey hands.  The outside looked shiny and fresh and car smelled good for days but, I think if I go again, I'll only opt for their base price services.  For $50, I expected more... Might see ya there.
1	I go to the car wash to wash my car. I don't want to fix the crack on my windshield, or the dent on my bumper. When you say that you offer those services and I politely decline them, please stop keep trying to push them by offering better deals on the wash packages. It completely turns me off as a consumer and drives me to write bad reviews online.Wash quality was not worth the $20 either. Really doesn't make a difference if you do the $10 wash.
3	Ok so, I'll bump up my review since I've been a couple of times for the works wash and they do a pretty good service with it.  They still don't have the attention that other places like this have had but, what can you do?  I don't see how they can wipe down my wheels and not get the few corners that need to be wiped out!  It would only take a few extra seconds.  I guess they see a lot of cars though... They're still good enough for me to go back since I drive by them several times a week.  If I found another similar place though, I'd try them too.Might see ya there.
2	I purchased a Living Social Deal for 3 Works Washes several months back.  The wash itself is good and the workers do a great job.  My issue is that every time I went there they pushed some sort of service on me.  The first and second time it was a "limited time offer" for a detail.  The last time it was for my windshield that "desperately needed to be replaced".  This place is like that annoying dude on the street that keeps trying to "holla" and you keep trying to escape!  "Can I have your number? Can I have it?"  Ugh!  No thanks!  I'm not interested in all that and honestly that's what stopped me from going back.
1	Gag, they used an old bucket of water to wash down the inside, it reeked.  I had to drive home with the windows down.  Moldy old water and they wash the inside with that same rag for the tires.  Awful.  It's hard to find this place on the very South side of the shopping complex.  Skip it.
1	Only tried a second time because of a company yelp response.  It got worse.  Washer's knee had grease which smeared two large stripes on seat.  His advice was to come back tomorrow since it wasn't coming out with his towel. The car is brand new and this stain stood out. I had to ask for the manager who had to shampoo the seat.  A quick carwash turned into an hour nightmare.
4	I vomited in the passenger seat of my car, awesome. For $70 they shampooed the carpet on the passenger side, and wiped down the leather. They also did a smell bomb to remove the stink. The car looks brand new, smells great, and it only took about 30 minutes. They do try to hard sell you, but they are willing to lower prices.
5	I have been here several times (using Groupons) over the last couple years and have always received quick, great service. I highly recommend.
2	Pros: The outside of my car is clean. Crowded, but still short wait times.Cons: I can't even tell they did anything to the inside and I paid for the works. I only stopped by because this location is close to my work place and there were a bunch of cars in front. This place is definitely not worth the $24 wash (and that's with a $3 discount). I hated that they kept persisting in up-selling me. I had to explain more than 4 times that I was on a lunch break and didn't have time to wait for all these extra services. Worse, they kept trying to sell me services that are free at other car washes.
1	Groupon was misleading and a bad deal, always try to upsell and "repair" the windshield. Attitude upon arriving and avoided my questions about the scam. Disappointed. Going to cobblestone from now on, they have it figured out.
4	Good experience my first time here. Good thorough car wash. My car was shiny in and out. No water spots. It took a little longer than I would have liked for them to greet me and take my keys, but outside of that the experience was good. The lady at the counter was engaging and polite. I was in and out in about 20 minutes. I'll be back for sure.
3	This place is okay for the money.  They move you through quick.  I always have to "finish" cleaning the car after they're done.
2	Disappointed. Very disappointed. I have been going to this Francis & Sons location for three years now. They are like any "get'em-in, get'em-out quick car wash. If you don't pay for the "custom services," you will get quick service and a fairly decent surface job, but if you want detail you have to cough up the extra $$. I usually get the Works deal for $15.99. They do a good job and my car feels and looks clean. Every once in a while, I will splurge and get the detail service / hand wax for $100. I recently bought one of those coupon deals (3 for X$$) to try the next level of service - the "Ultimate" that usually costs $12 more than the "Works" that I usually get. I wanted to try it and see if I would be happier with the upgrade service. I used my first of three services four days after I purchased them. Then the holidays happened and I wasn't able to get back until recently. Supposedly they keep records of when you use each of the coupons. So I returned to redeem the 2nd of the three Ultimate car washes I purchased. (No they were not expired - still had two months) Francis & Sons'"records" of services/redemptions are just a slew of coupon printouts with handwritten notes clipped together and hanging on the wall. The cashier shuffled through them and basically told me that they had no record of mine. Good record keeping. She then called someone and gave them the number off my copy.  She wrote on the copy that it was used 4 days after my purchase - all three washes? I think NOT!I then had to pay full price for the service - a level of service that I would not have purchased, except through the special "deal."I usually purchase the level below this one - the Works for $15.99. I felt this was a good opportunity to try the additional services that the Ultimate level would provide. As far as I can tell, the service was no better for an additional $12.00.  And the lack of customer service of the Cashier made me feel like I was trying to get services that I had not paid for.  Realizing that a line was forming behind me and rather than make a scene, I just paid for my service. Bummer. Full price when I still have two coupons.I know this is poor record keeping on the part of Francis & Sons, but there must be a better way of keeping track of coupons sold with multiple uses than hanging them on the wall with handwritten notes. Technology folks, technology. I still have used only one (1) of my three (3) purchased Francis & Sons Ultimate car wash coupons; plus, I have now had to purchase something at full price, because of poor record-keeping, that I would not have purchased. P.S. When I got in my car that had been rushed through (see other reviews) I had to open all windows - the conditioner that had been put on the dash, etc. was never wiped down (in a hurry?) and now the chemical smell was so strong my eyes were watering. Bummer car wash all around. Oh, and the coupons that were left on the front seat of the car after the service . . . were EXPIRED. Disappointing . . . . and expensive  . . . all around.
5	I have continued to frequent Francis and sons since I wrote my first review. Did you know that if you buy 5 you get the sixth free? Also. Punch cars for a freebie every 10th. Always happy with the quality and service. Good experience my first time here. Good thorough car wash. My car was shiny in and out. No water spots. It took a little longer than I would have liked for them to greet me and take my keys, but outside of that the experience was good. The lady at the counter was engaging and polite. I was in and out in about 20 minutes. I'll be back for sure.
1	Ive gone there 4 times now. If I could, I would put this place out of business, as nobody should trust them with their vehicle.1st trip:Wash was good, but car had numerous water spots on it upon leaving2nd trip: Good wash3rd trip: Water spots all over.4th trip: I paid for a hand wash this time. Upon arriving home I scanned the car to find out that there were now SCRATCHES all over one side of my car. Not just one or two, but 4 scratches each spanning at least 8inches in length. It appears that they washed my car with a towel that had a rock or bit of sand in it, and on occasion it will catch an edge and leave a scratch in the same pattern that consists with hand washing door panels. Start to finish this also took 45 min.The interior dash was also still covered in dust, showing that it had not even been wiped off...not that I care much of this after dealing with the scratches in my clear coat.Here's a picture of the 2 smallest of the 4 scratches I received today: http://www.ft86club.com/forums/attachment.php?attachmentid=80895
1	I pulled up and the guys who wrote me up was very pleasant and let me know that the $15.99 car wash was on special for $12.99 so I said what the heck. The rest of the staff was also very polite but my problem is with the actual wash. We had gone camping the day before and the interior was a little dusty. My car was only about 10 days old so it was pretty clean save the dust. I gave the guy a tip without really checking the car but when I got home from the front seats back the car still had a layer of dust on it. I got a damp cloth wan wiped it down and now it looks like it should have. If I wanted to clean the interior my self I would have gone to the $3.00 car wash. I guess Francis & Sons should probably put the Wife & Daughter in charge. I won't be going back.
2	Not a big fan of this car wash. I have been there 5 times because it is close to my house and have found A) the hassle to get out of the car to be tremendously annoying with the long, bullying of a sales pitch to either replacement my windshield or upgrade to detail my car B) service is below average and unorganized C) finished product is below average. Every time there was a blue product on the outside of my car, the car was not wiped down well at all and the inside was barely touched..... For what you pay, there value is just not there.
2	The staff was friendly, as usual. But I feel like I got the short end of the stick. About 5 months ago I had gotten suckered into buying a detail with a paint sealant. I figured that having a new car use both to keep them in the best shape. However, when I came back to get this done the salesman notice I had some water spots and up sold an additional $100 because I would "need a buff & wax too" to remove the water spots before I sealed it. Made logical sense to me...Once I got home, I noticed so many issues with a sloppy wash- the white wax was all over my black side boards,  the windshield is messy at the bottom, the console & cup holders weren't washed and the overall made it look sloppy. I plan to go back to get them to rectify but I know they have a "48 hour policy" that they make you sign about...but $220 to get a sloppy, half - done job is NOT worth future time or money. Not sure I'll go back!
