3	Not great. Not gross. It's cheap, $5 for a large pizza. Think- little Caesars- but my fav thing about this place- flavored crust. My fav is butter-cheese. Sure, my heart and arteries disagree but my tastebuds and belly is happy. It's cheap, fast pizza. I've indulged many times during my college days. Now- years after graduation, I'll give it a go from time to time. It's $5.
1	they always take forrrrreverrrr!!
2	Finally tried my local hungry howies expecting the same service that my friends receive at other locations.  It was an extended ordering process with someone that did not know their menu, and asked me to repeat everything I said.  I was told it would be a 45 minute delivery. Delivery took 2 hours.   The food was great, delivery sucked and eventually the manager called and offered the entire thing for free.
2	This pizza always tasted great but lately I feel like they have cheapened their ingredients. I realize its $5 pizza but it just tastes different to me now. If it weren't for the flavored crust I would not come back. But the main reason I have not returned to Hungry Howie's is because the last time I wanted to place a pick up order I was turned down. I asked for a reason and was told that they received a very large company order and they were not taking regular orders at that moment. You'd think they would be able to accommodate everyone even if a large order was placed.
3	We really like the pizza, and I've ordered it onsite and picked it up each time (3).We did not get the $5 special, but ordered off the regular menu.The pizza is good especially the crusts you can self-select.There is a lot of crust around the outer edge, probably 25% of the volume of the pizza--they do not distribute it evenly.  You can order breadsticks if you want this much crust without toppings.  It needs more consistent coverage of whole pizze, not the center 2/3 only.  Sometimes no one is up front or acknowledges you.  They seem to be out back smoking or socializing , or something.  Mostly good service and we like the pizza.
5	Great service and good pizzas made fresh daily
1	SOOOOOO! After an hour of waiting for the food, I decided to call and guess what? You guessed it...the food was just getting into the oven. i was then told another 15 minutes which ended up being 35 minutes. Never again!!!!
1	I recently went to the Hungry Howie's #01825 and ordered my food online. Due to an error with the website after i applied a coupon, i paid for a pizza that only had half the toppings on it. My husband called to report the issue and to advise them of the problem with the website. He was put on hold (not even on hold, they just put the phone down) for 10 minutes, all just to be told their is nothing they can do about it. They offered no compensation, no apologizes, no nothing. This experience and lack of customer service has completely turned my family off from using this business again. Not only was it a disappointment to our night, but also a disappointment to the person whose birthday we were celebrating. Consider this a loss of 5 loyal customers.
1	Ordered a Medium Chef's Salad, and 2 small pizzas.Delivery time was quoted at 55 minutes (really? we are a 5 minute drive away) which seemed long, but actually arrived 1 hour and 15 minutes after ordering.Salad was old looking and not cold, but room temperature.Both Pizzas were bland, and cold. Both very light on toppings.The Included Blue cheese dressing was room temperature at best, which I could not trust to be eatable.The one pizza we asked to be well done, was actually not as cooked as the other.Delivery driver was very late, but never called for directions if he was lost?This was my first and last time ordering.
2	I've been a loyal customer to this particular Hungry howies and I will no longer order from them.  I've had multiple orders either cold or wrong.  I've spoken several times to a particular employee and she can never seem to get the order right and when I do call back to complain I get nothing but attitude. I will no longer order from them.  Hello Rosatis!
