5	We had my engagement ring custom designed by Chrissy at Chalmers and not only is it unique and beautiful, but it is high quality. We loved it so much, we had her do my wedding band as well. She used diamonds from an old watch we brought her and melted down metal from an old wedding ring. The end product was absolutely gorgeous and matches the engagement ring perfect. The service was friendly and the prices were reasonable. We love Chalmers!
1	I inherited jewelry and made an appointment to come in and have it looked through to tell me what is valuable and what is not.  I came in after work and they told me what is 24k and what is not and then I had them test a few gemstones.  They told me that one of the stones was worthless--- Turned out to be a 1.7 Carat Diamond which I got appraised at two different stores to be worth approximately $21,000!!!!!They should be embarrassed. I would not ever return to this store. I am happy they did not steal the diamond from me but had I listened to them, considered it fake and not gotten a 2nd (and 3rd) opinion, I would not have known how EXTREMELY Valuable this diamond was.Shame on them!
2	I have to say I am very disappointed with my recent purchases at Chalmers. I bought two custom wedding bands. After my proposal, we took one of the rings back to have it re-sized. I was surprised to find that they hadn't recorded any information about my purchase other than a first name and what they charged my card. They didn't record my address, my full name or telephone number in their system. I had to prove it was me that purchased the rings. I expect this kind of service at a mall store. When I picked up the ring after it was re-sized; the design of the ring was completely altered. Again, at a high end store that advertises themselves as being the custom jewelry store, I expected that the designer would remember what the ring looked like before the re-sizing. It took several unsuccessful attempts to correct the ring. We are both very unhappy and stuck with rings we do not like. This is very sad when I paid almost $4000 for two custom designed rings and received less than mall jewelry store service and attention. I have purchased from other high end stores in Madison. Chalmer's is clearly behind on customer service and commitment to their customer's.
5	Came in to get a rather dingy platinum wedding ring polished, and after just a few minutes it came back looking fabulous! Friendly, quick service. Thank you Bryan for the help. I'll be back in the future!
4	During the course of shopping around for an engagement ring, I came to Chalmers because I drive by it on my way to work every day. I hadn't really looked at very many retail jewelry locations other than online and, long story short, I never did go anywhere else after stopping in to Chalmers.I worked with Grant and Kristen. They gave me great service and attention, even though I was not going to be spending crazy money. As a salesperson myself, I am very critical of other sales people when I do shop retail because I know the game and I can tell right away if I'm being treated fairly or if I'm being scammed. I asked some very pointed questions that I already knew the answers to, and some questions that I didn't know the answers to as well. After the initial consultation I did my own research on those questions and was pleased that they matched what Grant had told me. After we had established some trust, and much browsing around, we decided to do a custom ring so I could get exactly what I wanted. They helped me pick out a diamond, design the ring, and kept me within budget. All told it took about a month for the whole process and they got it done by the time I needed it so I could propose on our anniversary. I checked in several times during the process. They were always glad to answer more questions, and let me know how it was going. I also met Garret Chalmers, who designs the rings and he personally showed me some changes we had to make and explained why. He was very considerate and professional. The ring came out beautifully, she loves it, she said yes, and everyone was happy!My one critique is that the final price came out a little above what the estimate was. Personally I would have liked them to give a higher estimate and then come down if it didn't cost that much. I get that it was just and estimate, but lets be honest, no one likes to have to pay more than the estimate. I do know that they did what they could to keep me as close as possible to the estimate and I appreciate that.Overall, I had a great experience at Chalmers. They truly earned my business. I will be back next year to buy wedding bands and would go there first for any other jewelry needs.
