5	I officially love this little restaurant.  I've seen it around in my travels and finally decided to go try it, and I'm sure glad I did.  The inside is painted to look like a Greek villa complete with a great view of the beach, which I thought was cute.  As far as the food goes, I was ready to mark them down a bit for having slow service but then the food finally arrived and all bad thoughts were banished.  My chicken suvlaki kabobs were cooked perfectly and served with fresh, hot pita bread, and Greek dipping sauce.  This restored my faith in them because even though the place was nearly full and they were understaffed (I saw a help wanted sign in the window) they took the time to make sure every dish was done well.  They also have some American fair, like hamburgers and such for those afraid of international cuisine.
3	The spinach pie is yummy, and the french fries are good. It's a standard Greek restaurant, and the food will hit the spot if you have a hankering for Greek. The service leaves a lot to be desired. It's slow, and the high-school age staff are often a little fussy about being interrupted from whatever it is they were doing to have to work. One of the waittresses flirted openly with my date in a way I found pretty yucky...it was a bizarre combination of indifference to providing timely, quality customer service while fawning over my man...Boo to her.If you've got time to wait, though, and you're not with a dashingly handsome man, and you're willing to suffer through some sloppy service to get to the promised land of souvlaki and spanokopita, Akropolis is a good option. It's pretty affordable as well, so it's a nice option to the Taco Bell across the parking lot in the Arboretum.
4	I've been going to Akropolis since it was put into the Arboretum.  The atmosphere has never been much to write home about.  They close a week or two out of the year to usually clean/repaint the place but it always meets south of expectation.  The tables are loud, the chairs they use heavy as anything and louder still.  The service is usually wage (or sub) high school students and you know how that can go.  That's not what it's about though.. it is the food right?I think they have the best gyro meat in town.  While it's not like leaving the country and having lamb/steak on a spit it is served fresh and well spiced.  Others in town that you get gyros from will serve you some Cisco food service derivative which is freaky.  Their Chicken and kabobs are also juicy and never dry.You could rank a lot of complaints on this place if you weren't careful but I've been to them long enough and a repeat customer for probably 15+ years and they continually draw me back a few times a month.
3	This place must be alright cause I keep coming back and have been doing so for years. So why only 3 stars? Well, the service is hit or miss. And you have to stand in line and place your order, just like  you would at say McDonalds. After your order is placed then the vibe switches to a wait staff environment where they bring food to your table when your order is ready (and tipping is expected - as the note at the cash register reminds you). I always find those set ups annoying.
3	Akropolis has a diner feel about it.  They had a bbq sandwich special.  They have some traditional greek items souvlaki, falafel  and the obligatory  hot dog and  burgers.  Somewhere you can spend $6 and get a sandwich.  There were a lot of employees in there.  I think I saw 6 employees and the owner.  I ordered the falafel, it was a bit overcooked simply topped with onion, lettuce and tomato, served with tahini, of course I wanted some tzatziki.  I have had better but all in all, it won me over.  They serve large cut steak fries, they looked delish!    It took a lot of will power not to add an order.  They were very pleasant, food came out hot.  It didn't set the world on fire but there is something appealing about the cafe.
4	This little obscure reasonably priced Greek restaurant located in the Arboretum is a mainstay for me when it comes to Greek salads.  The chicken is always cooked perfectly for my liking.  Also served with warm pita bread you won't find any better in the area.   Once in awhile I'll branch off and get the chicken suvlaki kabobs which are served with fresh, hot pita bread, and Greek dipping sauce.  Good place to take kids.  They have American food too:  burgers, chicken fingers, etc. but I'm not a big fan of their fries.    Stand in line to place your order.  After ordering just find a table and the food is delivered to you.  The atmosphere is casual and not too much to write home about.  They do have a handful of outdoor tables to take advantage of on pretty days.  Go Greek.  Go Akropolis,  Go Greek Salad.
4	This is a great place for a quick and casual bite to eat. I always get the chicken souvlaki.  It is served with tzatziki on the side, pita, salad with feta, and fries.  The food is simple, but good and inexpensive.  Definitely worth a try if you happen to be near the Arbo and want a casual meal.
3	Usually I am really happy with my meals here when David and I are in the mood for a quick casual bite on a Sunday night.  However, last night things were just a bit off.. the salad wasn't as fresh as normal and was doused with wayyy too much vinegarette.  The chicken soulvaki was cooked ok, but the tzatziki sauce didn't seem to be on pointe - couldn't quite put my finger on it.The only other issue is that the piece of Baklava that David & I split was really hard.  :-(  Hopefully, things will be back up to par on our next visit.
2	We missed lunch and stopped ther for just a bite around 2 pm. There was just a few costumers but we were standing at the counter waiting to order for over 10 minutes while a waitress was talking to someone eating at the counter and ignoring us the whole time. I glared at her until she got uncomfortable, said her shift was over and left the restaurant. The girl she was talking to turned to be an employee, she finally got up, apologized and took our order.  We sat down and when our order came this other server didn't bring any settings, we actually had to call her back for it. She thought that was funny. I got the impression they only hire high school girls.The spanakopita appetizer was actually quite tasty but the portion was way too small, 4 bite sized pies Hey spinach pie is not a luxury item! The grape leafs were run of the mill. No lamb gyro or kabab? Only beef and chicken, I have no use for a beef Gyro. The funny thing is that at the Charlotte cafe right next door they serve lamb Gyro and they don't even claim to be a Greek eatery. Not convinced
5	I love this place. My family has been eating here for years and I really make an effort to get in when I'm back in town.  This is an order at the counter type of place so it's not fancy but the food is fast and good.  I've looked around wherever I've lived for a greek place I like as well, but so far have been unsuccessful.  I mostly get the gyro platter which is great.  It comes with greek salad and those wide yellowish french fries that seem to be common to greek places.  I'm not a fan of the fries myself so I always order it with no fries and extra salad.  It only comes with half a pita bread though, so If you like to put the meat and salad together in the pita to eat (like I do) I suggest you invest less than a buck in an extra order of pita bread.We also like the stuffed grape leaves if you are in the mood for an appetizer, but the gyro platter is usually big enough without anything else.
1	I am a big fan of Greek food.  I ordered a greek gyros platter which consisted of greek salad and gyros and I had them leave out the pita bread and fries.  The gyros was a processed, almost spam like tasting gyros.  It was nothing compared to the kind and quality of gyros you would get at other Greek Restaurants in town.  It had a rubbery, processed reddish tint to it and the low grade processed taste I would never had paid nearly 8.00 for if I knew what it was.  I left almost the entire platter.  Never again.
5	We go here for the falafel sandwich. It's consistently good and a pairing of fries with hot sauce always does the trick. Ask for extra tahini and enjoy.
2	Voted Best in Charlotte 17 years ago, this was probably the last time any pride was given to this establishment. To start, the decor and food is very outdated and bland. The worst part, however, is the service. Untrained, preoccupied high school kids running the entire front of house operation, wow!PS: Don't sit at the bar, it is also used as the bussing station.
3	Interesting experience. Although it looks like a diner, you place your order at a counter and they bring it to you. However the service was very disappointing. The cashier who took my order payed more attention to the customer, a guy behind me, than I. I ordered the chicken kebab dinner, with fries, a Greek salad, and pita bread for $7.99, not a bad price. However, I waited over 20 minutes for my food and not be given a #, the servers just walk around and see who it belongs to.So, the chicken was seasoned great, and I enjoyed the sauce and pita bread, but the Greek salad was bland and the fries cold and not cooked or hard a rock.Not the best Greek in my mind.
2	Used to be a great little joint for a quick salad and bowl of soup. But the past few months the service has become a real problem. Too many teenagers, not enough adults.
4	Good place for cheap greek food
4	As someone who listens to Vampire Weekend, I crave falafel and let me tell you this place is delicious. I got the falafel sandwich and it by far exceeded expectations. The place in general might seem a bit dated (they won some award for being the best at something in 1998) but if you are hungry for mediterranean food and you are in the area Akropolis will hit the spot.
3	This wasn't really greek food - it was more like fast food in a greek form factor.  It was not authentic at all.  Service was okay - yes it was high school kids but they were pretty great with the free refills.  If you are craving greek food this might not hit the spot.
3	We have been coming here off and on ever since this place opened.  We have seen a high turn over in servers over the more recent years and today I understand why. We ordered 2 diet cokes with our meal in to go cups.  We stood at the counter and watched the girl fill our drinks as we thought we would save her the trouble of bringing them to the table.  She filled up the first to go cup with regular coke and put a lemon in it (which, I think, usually goes into a diet coke). So we thought maybe this isn't our order.  We watched as she filled the second to go cup with regular coke and again put a lemon in it. Hummm, surely this must not be our order.  She turned around, we told her we were waiting for 2 diet cokes, and even asked, Are those diet cokes? and she starts to hand them to us.  I told her, we just watched you fill them with regular coke.  She just smiled, never said I'm sorry...or... oh I made a mistake...or... isn't that a funny joke to switch regular coke and diet coke, nothing.  She emptied them out and filled them with diet coke as we watched her.  After we sat down, another waitress came over and was very apologetic but with servers like the one who thinks it's funny to fill orders with coke when diet coke was ordered, we probably will not go back. Good thing I am not a diabetic.
1	The menu in the store is nothing like the one online, standard fast food Greek fare, nothing special. Very disappointing.
3	I love the Akropolis Cafe. My wife and I've been going there for years. I can't remember ever having a bad meal there. That being said however, I have noticed a trend that has been bothering me for quite a while.The wait staff don't seem to be as...dedicated as they used to be. A long time ago, they would deliver your meal, and then check back on you. They'd stop by the table just to see if you needed anything, to make sure your meal was ok, etc.These days, the wait staff brings you your meal then they disappear. Most recently, I witnessed one of the wait staff pass by a table three times without noticing that a glass, which was sitting on the edge of the table, was completely empty. Someone finally had to rattle the empty glass to get a refill. There were 4 people on the wait staff, and four tables, so it wasn't as though they were too busy, they were just not paying attention. It seems as though the staff has plenty of time to stand around gossiping, but not enough to earn their tips, which is odd considering all the little signs they've put put up reminding the customers how they depend on tips. In conclusion, go for the food, but bring your own drink, and don't expect to see a waiter/waitress after they drop off your meal.
1	It's unfortunate that I can't speak to someone after two attempts (via phone and in person) when I get home with a wrong to go order.   Bad customer service will run me away.  Too bad since we eat here about 4 times a month. ..
4	I feel like this place has gotten a bum rap. My food--a chicken souvlaki appetizer and a grape leaf appetizer got to me quickly. It was fresh and good. The menu was overwhelming though! I could not figure out what to get without having to get French fries. I ended up getting the two appetizers.
4	BF had suggested this place, I lived down the street from it previously for years and never tried but they were busy for a middle of the week lunch and the menu look good.We started with the hummus... it was cool and creamy served with warm pita bread, I would go back for this alone. I ordered a plate that came with a small greek salad, steak fries and a grilled chicken skewer with a side of tzatziki. The salad had fresh crispy romaine, some of the best goat cheese Ive had, onions, olives, carrots (maybe? cant remember!) and cukes. The chicken was very tender and the marinated was good, the tzatziki was cool and creamy and worked perfectly with the dish. For a little over $7 this was a great deal. BF opted for the burger and fries and he enjoyed the burger, nothing fancy but he said it was better than he had expected. Service was good, they came by often to check on us and made sure our drinks were refilled. We enjoyed sitting outside, relaxing and enjoying a good meal.
2	Busy place. Menu has a Mish mash of things, from gyros to lasagne. I had the gyro platter and DH had the gyro and pork kabob platter. First off, the gyro meat reminds me of meatloaf in texture and it was very salty. They put some kind of gravy on it. The Greek salad was good. Fries...well, they're fries. Signs everywhere saying, "We work for tips." However, aside from bringing the food to the table they really don't do much to earn a tip. In addition, we paid with a card and there wasn't a line for a tip anyway. Overall, tried it once. Will not go again.
2	Food is good, service and cleanliness need major improvement. Teen staff mostly ate and was clueless to the customer,Moire mature servers, steam clean the place, would be a great experience.
1	I went here for lunch a couple of months ago. The service was not very impressive,  tables were wobbling and diner looks outdated. I wasn't impress with the food either, very bland! Somehow it took me over 30 minutes to get my food.
