4	Being a fan of the $2.99 crispy chicken deluxe, which comes out to $3.87 when I upsize to medium, I made it a lunch stop. It served its purpose by filling me up at an inexpensive price.   On my visit here, the service was fine. The restaurant was also clean.
3	When they had the crispy chicken deluxe meal for $2.99, I'd eat here. Recently Wendy's bean counters got greedy and eliminated it. Good move in a recession.
4	You can't go wrong when you need something quick to eat from Wendy's.  I'm definitely a fan of their value menu!  I like their crispy chicken sandwich.  Their salads are wonderful too.  During the cooler months, I always go for their chili.  When I can't think of where to go and need to grab something fast...Wendy's is staple!  My husband loves this place too!  Especially their burgers and frosty's.
3	Love their macaroni cheese.
1	Rude service x2. I went through the drive thru, and my inlaws were behind me. Now, those people will annoy the bejesus out of anyone, including myself, but theres never any excuse for rude service. And thats what both of us got. My transaction went like this: i pulled up to the drivethru and tried to place my order. The guy kept getting my order wrong - at the speaker. Suddenly the voice changed to a female one - with attitude. Then i pulled up to the window, where they THREW my food at me. I kid you not. So then i thought id better check the order. As i was doing so, an employee said, again with ATTITUDE, "can i help you miss?" I said "just checking my order", with a big smile, and pulled away. But not before i overheard a manager (in manager clothes) say "just rush this line thru".  I thought, how rude, then i parked and waited for my inlaws. THEY pulled up to the window, my mother in law proceeded to order, and was told she "sounds like a robot". She replied "maybe its your machine."  They then told her "weve had this machine for years and have never had a problem." I couldnt BELIEVE this. I looked back at an old check in i had here where the manager (bigset female with attitude galore) had a big attitude before and had said, within my earshot , "get these people outta my drivethru!"Tell ya what, lady - it aint YOUR drivethru. And Ive been coming to thos wendys because its convenient (wait a minute. Getting into this locations a nightmare). I dont think im ever coming back. And if you dont want attitude, abuse, the wrong order, or god knows what done to your food, Id recommend the same.
2	I walked into this location wearing a parka and was absolutely freezing.  The thermostat at the counter read 63 when I went to place my order.  My husband and I asked the employee if there was any way they could raise it a few degrees - I saw other people in the dining room with their jackets and hats still on.  The woman said "it's not up to us, corporate does it."  On another note, our fries were cold.  Maybe that's just because the place itself was freezing.  Won't be back.
2	I work pretty close by this wendys and every time I go there they always get my order wrong and the food is never fresh. It's disappointing .
1	Worst ever. Took so long to get our order. Needs new management, obviously.  The person taking our order through the drive thru, didn't listen and got the order wrong. Also, he didn't give us a total. We will not be back to this location.
1	This location is nothing but problems, every time I go to this store I'm treated bad, and the food is terrible and always burned or raw, when you address the issues with the food they say bring it back, well I told them I've got to goto work they said well bring the chicken and the receipt the next day I said what am I going to do with the food in the mean while she said well you got a fridge right? wow really never again, the manager called me from that store even after I specifically asked the 800 number to have a district manager call she said I can come into the store for a free replacement however i'm not going to because I'm afraid they might do something to the replacement food.
1	About the worst experience I have ever had eating out. First, they forgot about our order and we had to wait 10 minutes for what should have been a 3 minute wait tops for the size of order we had. Second, they made our goodly completely wrong. Third, they were extremely rude and not attentive to our needs at all, and four they were laughing about the whole ordeal and taking it as some kind of a joke. Every customer I saw in there while we were there had the same exact issues. It's no wonder that this location is so slow. Tables were left dirty, food not up to par with any Wendy's I have ever had, just a disappointment all around. The only reasonable thing that they did for us was give us the corporate number so that we can call and let them know. Completely a disgrace to the company.
5	Wendy's has at least 1 really awesome employee- his name is Jay and he's usually working when we go there around 11pm. He's very friendly and just plain awesome- that's good customer service!
