4	I don't know what the other reviewer is talking about- I'm wondering if that review wasn't written under a bogus ID that is a front for a competitor of Argentos. The fact that he reviewed three pizza places in one day, and then reviewed two others on the same day 34 days later seems fishy to me- who orders pizza from two or three places in the same day or even the same week? Anyway,  Believe me, if you've read my review of Landini's Pizza in San Diego, then you understand that "I know from pizza" as the saying goes in  NY.  Pizza is one of the trinity foods of the greater NYC area, the other two being bagels and authentic deli.  All three are frequently imitated but seldom duplicated accurately outside of a 50 mile radius of Manhattan.I moved to AZ for a variety of reasons, and specifically to Buckeye in order to be in proximity to family plus for a great deal on a house.  Why else would I subject myself to the hinterlands of Maricopa County, the epicenter of AZ?  Never in my wildest dreams would I imagine that in a sleepy town best known for farms and rodeo (as well as the only way to LA prior to the completion of I-10) a pizza man from NYC would decide to relocate his family and business. The owner, who is ethnically half Italian and half Albanian (a country across the narrow Adriatic from Italy) cut his dough tossing chops in NY for over twenty years and it shows as soon as you walk in the door- the old school style menu over the counter using plastic letters to detail the numerous subs, dinners, and even Sicilian style pies are a throwback to every neighborhood pizza joint I've ever patronized in my fifty plus years.  There are no conveyor belt ovens, no round pizza grates or pans, just pumice lined pizza ovens fired up over five hundred degrees. Relatives from NJ just departed after a family wedding; last Thursday one of them had a yen for pizza, a food I normally would not recommend they order away from home because the quality would be dicey at best. Not only could I recommend Argentos, but I encouraged them to order.  The Jerseyites were not disappointed, and in fact they proclaimed the pizza to be excellent and delicious.What better validation could a pizza shop get?
4	I've been to Argento's twice - nothing personal against them, I just don't go much for pizza. Their calzones are huge and the pie is very tasty and, AFAIK, authentic (absolutely nothing compares to a slice hot off the cart in Manhattan). Their two-slices-and-a-Coke lunch deal looks like a winner. Prices are reasonable and service is fast and accurate.
5	Let me first say that I love pizza, it is one of my favorite foods to eat and I grew up in Brooklyn, N.Y., so I know a good pizza pie. I have been ordering from Argento's since they opened a few years ago and I have never been disappointed. The prices are more than fair and the taste is genuine. Reminds me of home. I never write reviews online but decided that this was overdue after feeding some relatives that were visiting from Brooklyn tonight and hearing them rave about how good the pizza was. I have lived in Buckeye for almost 6 years and I have tried every pizza joint available in this area. Many have come and gone, and rightfully so. One of the main reasons I am writing a review for them is because I don't want to ever see them go so I want my neighbors to know they wont be disappointed.  Argento's is by far the best and I hope they stay for good. If you are looking for a run-of-the-mill, cardboard, processed pizza, then order from one of the several national chains now available in Buckeye. But if you are looking for a delicious, real New York style pizza that will make your taste buds sing, make sure you give Argento's a try. You will bnot be disappointed.
5	The owners are always friendly, they remember you and what you like, and the food is terrific.  Best pizza in buckeye.  wings made to order and cooked to perfection.  Pasta dinners are huge, and include salad and bread for dine in.
2	Picture say's it all, was not happy. 1/2 meatballssss is not! a meatball.
5	I love this pizza! I don't know what "Jerry Q" has been eating or who he has been talking to, but this place is the best around! The owner is always friendly and the food is excellent. I have had the privilege of dining on Manhattan pizza several times and this is as close as it gets out here! This is definitely a paralell to the other pizza place I reviewed in Goodyear. Yum!!
4	Hands down best pizza in Buckeye. Their eggplant supreme pizza with added ricotta is excellent
1	Greasy pizza, rude owners ...now I see that they made the Channel 5 News "Dirty Dining" show with 5 major health code violations... Yikes doesn't surprise me
5	I have no idea what Barry G is talking about..I checked and Channel 5 has no such violations on any show for this establishment. Check his reviews and you be the judge..competitor or just permanently dissatisfied?I went there tonight. The owner was there and as previously said by others, he is very friendly , nice and customer oriented. I was waited on promptly and ordered a meat lovers pizza. While I was waiting the owner went to the cooler chest and brought me a FREE bottle of water...who offers you that in the valley?? The pizza was delicious..loaded with quality meat and cheese. Crust is freshly made and hand tossed, a true NY pizza at its best! VERY reasonable price and you can add some great wings for a few bucks more. An XLG  1 topping pizza and 25 wings for $22.00..hands down the best bang for your buck in the valley. Great for a family meal on a Friday night AND offers 10% Military, Police, Fire and Senior DISCOUNT!! I guarantee you'll be back for more, I know I will, its a keeper!
5	Pretty solid Calzones!!! Can't go wrong with this place. Always excellent service and always a great dinner! Thanks Jimmy for the best pizza in Buckeye!!!
5	We've gotten take-out twice now and each time was excellent. First experience was a pizza with white sauce, chicken and mushrooms..... Awesome! The other day we got lasagne that was really good too. So far, so good. The owner (I assume) that took the phone orders and handled the whole thing was very friendly and efficient as this place was pretty busy both times when I went in to pick up.  I feel that the price is very fair for what you receive... Quality and portion wise....good value. Gonna try another pie tonight, so I'm a return customer!
3	Stopped in for lunch when in buckeye ( not much options in buckeye) had the Philly cheese steak. sandwich was nothing special other than the price was in the double digits for it and a drink.
5	Best food best service. Everything is always fresh and is super authentic. The owner is the nicest guy and is always in a great mood. I often add ingredients like sausage to some of his plates and he never complains about it. The salad dressing is amazing.
5	I would say they are one of the best Pizza places in the West Valley. With so many of the chains using substitution ingredients, aka fake cheese ect ( I'm looking at you Papa Johns) this one stands out with their real sauce,cheese and dough.
1	Pizza had good flavor but the dough was really rubbery it was like chewing steak would not ever go again.
5	Awesome place....pizza is so good....staff very friendly...you all should try this place....Fresh Authentic ingredients. ...
4	Stopped by to pickup lunch and had a great meatball sub and garlic knots. Very friendly service they really are there to serve you great food and you can tell it is not a fake attempt at good customer service.
5	This place is AMAZING!! The food is top notch and the service is excellent. The owner has a passion for his restaurant and it really shows. I absolutely love their chicken salads here and their pizza is mouthwatering. Everyone we have introduced to this place has nothing but great things to say!!
4	Food is good.....however severely not overpriced
3	Large qualities at an extremely low price. The pizza is slightly tasteless and the crust is crunchy and hard. However, the boneless chicken wings were great with the homemade ranch.
4	This is absolutely the best pizza I've ever had. We ordered 2 different pizzas and the Stromboli. The Stromboli is out of this world!!
