4	I just sampled their beer at the Brewer's Ball to benefit the Cystic Fibrosis foundation on Saturday.  I found the beer to be well balanced and quite tasty.  I can't wait to check out their tap-room when construction is finished!
4	What do you get when you pair people passionate about beer with a cool space in NoDa? Birdsong Brewing! I dropped by for their unveiling and enjoyed a tour of the brewery and a delightful, breezy pale ale. It was fresh and light, perfect for a mild fall evening. Friends who were able to snag an IPA were more than happy with it too! The tap/tasting room, while fairly narrow, is a great space to chill with a few buds and sample an ale or two. Be aware that only sustenance I spied that particular evening was in the form of pretzels in small cups around the tap room. So, if your stomach's a growlin', eat first! The folks who make and market the beer at Birdsong are extraordinarily friendly and very excited about their product. I can't wait to try their jalapeno pale ale!
5	I had no idea this place even existed, but found it when visiting the NoDa brewery right across the street.  Holy cow, Charlotte has something really great with Birdsong!The people at the brewery were fantastic... I even met the guy who made the hand-carved tap handles, which are quite artistic.All of the beers I tried were great.  I was a big fan of the jalapeno pale ale... not spicy, but the flavor of the peppers was very apparent.  I also really enjoyed the American Pale ale.  Nice amount of maltiness, and nicely smooth.  I didn't try the IPA, but I'm not really on the IPA bandwagon like most people are these days.Definitely a spot I plan to visit again, just to hang out and talk to people.  It's refreshing to see the Charlotte beer scene growing like it is right now!
4	I visited Birdsong Friday as it was open till 10pm on a friday  ( always a plus), so we grabbed a seat and tried some of their delicious selections for about $4 a pint - not  bad! I enjoyed the IPA quite a bit. The place has an industrial-feel with just a few seats, so I recommend getting there early as it did get quite busy once Noda Brewery closed around 8. The service was friendly- and I was able to get served quite fast despite having a huge line of people to wade through. This brewery would make a nice weekend day-stop, happy-hour (sans-food), or even pre-game spot!
5	Found a beer that I simply LOVE from Birdsong. They have a jalapeno variety ( I can't remember but it was probably a Pale Ale) that they simply need to put into regular rotation! It was one of my favorite beers at Brew Fest and paired very well with a nice sharp cheddar.
5	Awwh birdsong.. I know I came to you primarily because I first went out to NoDa brewing and wanted to keep the party going so I clammered in after a Coco Loco. But you really made my night! I appreciated your smaller bar area and your uniform decor. The consistency and cohesion resulting from the slightly altered repitition in your interior space made me feel comfortable and secure. I also enjoyed the cozy bar itself. Some might say it was cramped, but I like being in people's faces.. it made for a more intimate setting which is nice in a bar because it eminates a more communal feel.I even made a new friend! Patrick! Hi, Patrick! See, its important for a bar to be a little cramped. And I got to have one of the last pours of the jalapeno beer! Ooo it was terrific and no heartburn! I really look forward to the next time we meet, birgsong.
4	Had a wonderful time at Birdsong brewery on a Sunday afternoon. I had a pint of the Jalepeno Pale Ale which was like nothing I have had before. We chatted with the lady behind the bar and some Charlotte locals. It was a great atmosphere with friendly people and excellent beer! I will definitely be returning!
4	Yet another brewery sets up shop in NoDa, right next to NoDa Brewing Company, and Noda now has its second good brewery.  Located behind CenterStage, the tap room is small but the brewing space is large, and the outdoor patio is large enough for live bands.  I attended the release for their Saison summer seasonal, and the beer was good.  I also had their brown ale which was good.  I have had their other beers including their pale ale.  To celebrate the release of the Saison, they had a bluegrass band playing and a country and/or western band playing, plus a food truck.  It was a great atmosphere, and with NoDa Brewing right next door, and Heist soon to open, I will definitely be back.
5	Birdsong was our second stop on our tour of Charlotte's breweries and we picked the perfect day to check it out and I really enjoyed the relaxed atmosphere. It happened to be the day of their Spring Saison release and the place was pretty packed. They have a small indoor tasting room with a fun selection of board games and other novelties and a wonderful covered, outdoor patio. On that day they had an awesome bluegrass band playing and a great crowd of people.I ordered a flight and really enjoyed their Lazy Bird Brown Ale and Higher Ground IPA. They had also done their IPA randallized with fresh mangoes. I was shocked at how flavorful the mango was and absolutely loved it. For some, it was too sweet, but I love seeing this type of creativity in local breweries!
5	A great atmosphere and fantastic people.  You can really tell that it's a labor of love.  Whenever we go, we try to swing by on a Thursday because that's when they debut their experimental brews.  My old faithful is their Brown Ale and we refill a couple of growlers of it every visit.  I'm trying to get them to bring back this delightful Pear concoction, so feel free to petition with me :)
3	Another micro brewery in Noda and another decent place to pop into for some day drinking or relaxing with friends.  I would say this place is probably the smallest one I've visited here in town so keep in mind it can get pretty crowded.  Also they have a hard time of keeping the bar area cool but they were kind enough to try and help our group specifically by putting a box fan by our table.  That is great customer service.
2	I went with a party of 6 on a lazy and HOT Sunday afternoon...No AC on a hot day. :(Out of 3 of their 5 beers. :(No Jalapeno beer. :( (seriously if they would have had full taps I would have been fine with the NO AC)Food trucks not there on Sunday (and they don't serve food) :(Will have to try again and give a second chance (on a different day of the week!)-but I will call ahead and make sure they have their beers on tap this time!
5	I really need to be kicked in the backside because it's taken me so long to try this place.  Went to NoDa Brewery about 10 times but never stopped at Birdsong (even though it's next door) because I thought they only had jalapeno flavored beer, i.e. thought they were a 1-trick pony.  But no, no, no - they have a very nice selection.  And every pint is $4 - yeah!  The Higher Ground IPA comes in at a respectable 7% ABV and was perfect to imbibe on a pleasant summer sunny day.  Before I knew it, I had three sixteen ounce pints (plus a taster).  Good thing my wife was driving.  My bro-in-law dug the Lazy Bird brown ale.  Before he knew it, he had four pints.  Good thing his wife was driving.  I'm not usually into brown ales but it was tasty.  And they had a special release light summer beer (not as much alcohol) that has done well enough to earn a permanent spot.  The bartenders are super nice.  And the clientele just seems really laid back and some dudes were inside playing some 1970's war board game.  We liked it so much that we went Saturday and Sunday.  Took our Asheville friends here and the Beer City residents gave it two thumbs up.  Beer cred!And did I mention that they have peanuts as a snack?  Nice.  And thank you to the wives for staying sober when the husbands just couldn't say no to one more!
3	We found ourselves in the NoDa area again and decided to give Birdsong brewing a try.  I believe that they have not been open for too long, and their set-up seemed pretty simple with a few chairs and tables along with a small bar area.  They had 4 beers on tap, a brown ale, an IPA, a pale ale and a wheat beer.  I have had their beers before, but not the wheat one, so I started with that one and then had a brown ale.  The wheat beer was ok, and their brown ale is probably my favorite one that they make.Overall, it was a pretty laid back place and I would give it about 3 and a half stars if I could, but I settled for 3 on this visit.  I am sure that I will return as they make new beers in the future to try what they have to offer.
4	Fantastic beer and free peanuts!!!  Count me in!!!  Love the jalapeno beer - don't knock it till you try it.  This brewery has a nice patio which feels like a porch.  You want to plop down and stay a while!  I have been here where they have featured live music out here.  Folks bring there doggies to run around inside and out.  The interior has a small bar and a few tables.  Games and a clear view into the brewery make this spot stellar.There is parking out back and another brewery across the street in case you want to wander.  Love it!
4	Another one of the upcoming brewers in the Charlotte area.  Right across the street from NoDa Brewing, so you can park once and hit two good breweries with one visit.  Tried the Jalapeno IPA, really not my thing but a good showing of innovation by the brewmaster none the less.  Rest of the beers were solid, would definitely hang out here if I was a "local".  The outdoor space on the back deck is pretty cool, inside there is not too many seats but enough to make it work.  Thought their logo was pretty cool so I picked up a pint glass for the road.
4	Went on a mini brewery crawl this weekend stopping at Triple C, Heist, Birdsong, and finishing with dinner at Growlers Pourhouse. Started with Triple C, then Heist Brewery, now on to one of Charlotte's newer craft breweries; Birdsong Brewing...Located directly across the street from NoDa Brewing. Unlike NoDa, Birdsong is a bit more of a mystery. While the entrance to NoDa is directly in the front of the building, Birdsong is situated in the back by the old railroad tracks. There is a fairly large patio area with outdoor seating, large enough to accommodate live music and plentiful seating. As you walk in you see that the interior is long and narrow, with an unfinished feel. The walls are metal siding and cinder block with posters/artwork featuring dogs and beer. Not nearly as polished as most of the other Charlotte area breweries (with the exception of Four Friends). While the place lacks the artistic touch and finish of Heist, it is cozy and comfortable, and you feel at home when you are there...There is really not much in the way of service... You have the bar tender and that is about it, if you want another beer you either walk up to the bar, or signal to the bartender; and luckily the place is small enough that this system seems to work well. We did not sit on the patio, so I don't know how the service was there. Unfortunately, unless you are talking to the brewer, the bartender/waitstaff does not know much about the beer besides whats on tap and whats not.There is no kitchen; sometimes there is a food truck outside, but otherwise the bowls of peanuts on the tables will have to suffice. So it's best to either eat before you come or call ahead to see if one of the food trucks will be on site.Now... on to the beer. I have tried a few of their beers in restaurants/bars around town, but there were some on tap that I had not tried yet so I got a flight of all of their offerings. There was a pale, a saison, a witbeir, a brown, an IPA, and a jalapeno pale ale. I am not a big fan of saisons, but as far as saisons go this one was decent. The brown was decent, the IPA was decent, the pale ale was pretty good, the witbier was quite good and the jalapeno pale was terrific. All in all the best beer selection of the night!! I am quite impressed with this little hole in the wall brewery. I will be on the lookout for Birdsong beers around Charlotte...Well, now that I have samples or pints of beers from Triple C, Heist, and Birdsong I am ready to get some food... On to Growlers Pourhouse.
5	Best craft beer in Charlotte, whatever they do they do to perfection.  The depth and character of their beers is among the best I've had from any brewery, and I consider myself a proud beer snob.
4	Very nice little place.  I do mean little.  But they have a nice spacious outdoor seating area.  I'm not going to lie, I'd had a FEW too many beers at this place and cannot for the life of me remember what I drank, all I know is it was 7.5% alcohol and was delicious.  Will go back again for sure!
3	I stopped by Birdsong Brewery on a visit to the in-laws, who live in Charlotte.  I really liked the ambiance and atmosphere of the taproom.  I'm told it's in a trendy developing part of town, but it was dark and I couldn't really tell anything about the area.But on to what's important.  The beers.  As a group we tried four.  The Jalapeno Pale  has been talked about extensively.  It's a decent for a novelty beer.  It has a fair amount of heat to it, but it's not absurd to the point that it makes it undrinkable.  An interesting beer to try, but it's not my particular cup of tea.. or beer, as it is.The Dixie Porter is a new beer, I believe, and it's an average to better than average porter.  It's smooth with a low hop character, and a bit of spice in the finish.  Not earth-shattering by any means, but a solid beer.The Up With the Sun Saison was the big disappointment of the evening.  It was lacking the flavorful Belgian yeast esters that are oh so necessary to make a good saison. They used sorachi hops, which contributed a nice lemon citrusy flavor with a hint of dill.  I enjoyed the hop aroma and flavor, but beyond that it was just a maltier than normal pale ale. I didn't really see it as a saison.  And I also got a little annoyed that because it was a 7.5% beer they would only give you a short pour, but yet they charge you the same price.  It just wasn't good enough to justify spending the same amount of money for less beer.But moving from the big disappointment to the great salvation, the Lazy Bird Brown was one of the best brown ales I've ever tasted.  It was an exquisitely balanced beer, with the perfect amounts of roastiness and hops.  I almost didn't go back for another beer, but I'm so happy I did.  This is a delicious brew, perfect for any beer snob (or connoisseur, as I call myself) passing through the neighborhood.It's a relatively new brewery, and it definitely has room to grow.  But if you're gonna stop by for just one, go for the Lazy Bird.
5	Stopped by on a Friday night and I have no idea why it took me so long to visit.  I've been to Heist and Noda brewery recently but skipped over Birdsong, that's my mistake.  The bar area is small and quiet which is nice to get away for a drink.  Tried the jalapeno pale and it was great.  It was so good that I picked up a growler for the jalapeno pale.  Next time I will have to adventure out and try some of the other beers.
4	I've always preached that a brewery should have complimentary snacks and Birdsong was one to deliver.  We walked in and noticed a small puppy acting as a peanut vacuum,  sucking up every morsel of peanut to shell off the floor.  I wasn't sure if the dog was a part of the brewery until a patron  finally directed his attention to stopping the dog from acting as a four legged hoover under all the tables.  I quickly learned that in order to pet the dog, I'd need to "accidentally" drop some fresh shelled peanuts on the ground by my feet.The space was small and held only a handful of tables, including a large communal table towards the back. The bar was very limited in size, yet the bartenders were very quick on the taps.  Beers averaged $4 a pint and they had a handful of attention grabbing creations. I absolutely loved the Jalapeno Pale ale.  It did Jalapenos justice!  It had a nice residual kick on a long winter night out.    The bathroom was an ordinary mess, but they did have chalk boards above the urinals so men can leave their mark while draining the main vein.  They had an extensive collection of bird artwork on the back wall and their icon out front is one of my favorites.
5	Coming from one who has been to pretty much every brewery in Mecklenburg county: this is my favorite brewery in Charlotte.Why? Because it screams local. The inviting bar, the wooden tables, the metal pails full of addictive peanuts... I love this place! I normally come through with friends and rock a pitcher, OR with a buddy from work and sip on glasses of beer. I prefer glasses ($3) to the pints ($4) because they allow me to sample more of Birdsong's lovely brews! I strongly recommend their IPA, and I know that everyone goes wild over their Jalapeno Pale Ale as well. Enjoy cracking those peanuts over some delicious beers! Just be mindful of their hours so that you can plan your nights accordingly. Shout out to NoDa Brewery right next door, and Amelie's Bakery right across the street! These establishments go hand-in-hand with a proper night in the area.
4	Jalapeno Pale Ale?  Yes, please!  Mexicali Stout?  Yep!  The on-site brewed beer here is awesome.  Creative, delicious and local.  A perfect hat trick of beers!They had a great accoustic singer who started in the afternoon but got talked into playing into the evening... he was fantastic.The atmosphere is pretty bare-bones, which is nice.  A long picnic table, some bar tables and some covered outdoor seating that I cannot wait to try.  It was COLD in there, my husband wore his coat and I used mine as a blanket... The service is friendly.  The crowd, as usual for NODA, is ecclectic and fun, friendly and non-pretentious.  They also offer a 1/2 gallon fill-up to go, or to enjoy on-site, which was a great price at $14.Bonus: they serve peanuts.
4	Neat location. I like that they're trying some really different types of beer but I wish they would just pick a few and focus on those, I feel like they could be better. It's pretty decent beer but sometimes inconsistent across styles. I do think its improving though since I first visited.Edited: I have been here several more time and they have REALLY improved their beer. Recommend!
4	Took a hike out to NoDa to sample some Birdsong Brews and wasn't disappointed!  Went on a Friday night with friends and were treated to some awesome live music and some great beer.  I was hoping to try Siren's Song, but was sadly disappointed when I walked in and they were out :(  Yet, they redeemed themselves with the Doin' Thyme Witbier.  It was crisp and refreshing, with a nice citrus, herbal flavor.  Really pleased with the atmosphere and the brewery staff was great, too!
5	Jalapeno pale ale....maybe a little crazy....but so good. I have been going to Birdsong since they first opened. I have always enjoyed their Free Will. They have made a couple new brews as of late that I sampled and all are really good. I love that they are right across the way from Noda Brewery and tend to always go to both of them during my visits. I love the games and the free peanuts. For the quality of the beer, I feel the prices are really good. Hoping to see some additional brews in the future.
2	This is my least favorite brewery in the NoDa area. It has a tiny tasting room, and they allow people to bring their dogs inside (even when it is crowded). Some of the beers are good; some of the beers are not good. I prefer NoDa Brewery.
4	A solid brewery! Definitely a worthy stop along with the other breweries in the area.
5	Come for great beer. Stay for more great beer!I really loved this place. The beer was simply amazing. I had the IPA and wish they sold beer in Chicago. If I lived in NC I would come here every weekend. The atmosphere of the place was a mix of fun and laid back. Everybody was friendly and the live music suited the mood. Great beer! I really want to go back to NC with the sole purpose of coming back here.
4	It's such a convenience to have two solid microbreweries located side by side, especially when they are both good! After grabbing a cold one at NoDa we walked like fifty feet to Birdsong to check out what they had. I hadn't had the opportunity to have one of their beers before, but after grabbing a beer here I was a fan.Birdsong is a bit of the opposite of NoDa in terms of environment, with a large outdoor seating area and a smaller, tighter indoor area and bar. They were offering about eight beers or so and they all sounded pretty good. They had some live music kicking on the patio and the peanut cans were overflowing with salty goodness. When I drink I like to have a little something to munch on, and free peanuts fulfilled this need perfectly.It is pretty darn awesome to have Birdsong and NoDa located so close together. Both produce very good beer and offer laid back, comfortable areas to enjoy said booze in. Birdsong is definitely worth the visit...I just wish I could find their brews at local restaurants more often!
4	As someone new to the craft beer scene, I'd have to say this was a win.  A simple yet distinctive watering hole.  You'll have to look for it as it hides off of the main road with a gravel parking lot just beyond some abandoned railroad tracks.  Don't expect a menu and munchables but there are peanuts aplenty.  It's strictly beer, but that's what you came for, right?  Jalapeno Pale Ale is a must have!
5	Birdsong is hands down my favorite brewery in Charlotte.  They brew a variety of beers because they have such a small production and are willing to experiment.  We like going there for their Thursday home brew.  It gets pretty crowded in the winter when they have a band and the patio isn't open.  Probably only a matter of time until they need to move somewhere bigger.
3	Overall I found this brewery to be average. Didn't love it but didn't hate it either. I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go back.My husband and I visited this brewery and Noda brewery right across the street on a recent visit to Charlotte. I really liked the layout of the place with the large, covered patio. The inside part of the place was cozy and comfortable. Service at the bar was fine and not very memorable.I ordered the Lazy Bird Brown. It was okay but not my favorite brown. My husband ordered the flight and tried the wheat, Saison, pale ale and IPA. He liked the IPA the most. I like their theme and logo and I especially liked the large barrel of self-serve peanuts by the front door. That was a nice touch! Prices are around $4 for a pint, so definitely pretty reasonable.
4	Wish I had more time to taste all of their beers Went on a busy Sat where the deck was packed with people and dogs and a great live bandTried the Saison and it was good, malty/spicy/breadyThoroughly enjoyed just wish I could have had more but this was stop #5 on our brewery tours and I could not drink that much/only serving pints!!!Wish they could have done the flights/samplers but apparently they 86 those when there are events/crowds
5	Liked everything I tried- great crowd when I was there.
4	Friday night was my first time visiting Birdsong.  I am not a beer-drinking, so I cannot review on the beer; however, this place is great for group get-togethers.  They don't serve food, but there are food trucks outside always and you can bring the food with you.  If you are looking for a place to go with a group of your friends, check out Birdsong!
5	Why I ever gave this place only 4 stars in beyond me. After living in Charlotte for over a year, I have made it around to all the breweries...a few times. Birdsong is by far my favorite! They are not afraid to experiment with flavors which is kinda my thing.I always find myself having a good ol time at the bar inside. I like that there are no tvs, so you are encouraged to make conversation with your fellow beer drinkers. The patio is nice on warm days and it is also dog friendly!! We love bringing the pooch here and enjoying a few brews on a good day.Thursdays are fun because they offer a beer for $3. It is always something cool and interesting, so I highly suggest going on that day. They also have live music sometimes.Anyway, go to Birdsong if you want good, fun beer in a relaxed environment. There growlers are also the most affordable in town! Definitely worth getting one!
5	I was told that Birdsong was a cool place to hang, but not to expect too much of the beer. Well, the beer definitely exceeded my expectations! As with any first visit to a brewery, I ordered a flight, which included Free Will Pale Ale, Jalapeno Pale Ale, Lazy Bird Brown and their peach brew (forgot the name). All of the beers were excellent, but I particularly enjoyed the Jalapeno and Lazy Bird Brown. Birdsong has a nice, laid back atmosphere and I will most certainly be back!
5	I organized a brewery tour and a beer tasting for my brother's birthday. Birdsong Brewing was very helpful throughout the process, and couldn't have been nicer. Not enough businesses these days take the time to respond adequately to customers' queries or concerns; Birdsong Brewing is a rather refreshing exception to that rule. In my experience, they are ready and willing to work with you in planning a great experience.
4	Great place with great beer. I really like the Jalapeno one.
5	great band. great beer. hell...creative beer. big sunny porch. awesome band. oh...I mentioned the band and I am drunk.
5	Their beer is some of the best I have ever had, their staff is very friendly and their  place is very comfortable and inviting....we will be back often
5	Birdsong is a gem. A true gem! I was over at NoDa and wandered back and around to Birdsong. The staff were vvery friendly and I found the bar a bit like home. They have a great outdoor area and, most importantly, their beer is quality.I'm generally not a fan of flavored beers. IPA POR VIDA!but! their Jalapeno Pale Ale!? Hello deliciousness. Seriously. Give it a try.
3	Birdsong is located in NoDa right next to NoDa brewery.  Their tap room is small (a fat person's hallway), but they do have outside seating where you can look at Totes and a gravel parking lot.  Seriously, its not that bad of a spot in the summer.  They have peanuts to munch on and you can make a flight of any of their beers for rather cheap.  This is great as some breweries only let you pick certain beers.Their jalapeno pale ale is one of my favorites, but their others beers IMO are lacking.  Not a bad place to stop by during the day, but there are better options around.
4	Birdsong is my favorite brewery in NoDa.  I love the atmosphere and the huge outdoor patio.  The bartenders are always very friendly and willing to help you find something you'll like.  Though I was sad when my favorite beer got discontinued, but such is life!  I love that we can bring our dog here, and she loves all the attention she gets.  They don't serve food, just the free peanuts, but there is usually a food truck parked nearby or you can bring your own.  Definitely a great chill place to spend a few hours hanging out!
4	The smallest of the NoDa neighborhood breweries, as far as tap rooms, this place was pretty crowded Saturday afternoon. They are the best value for hanging out and drinking in the neighborhood. We weren't able to get flights because of limited glassware, but you can get 12oz pours for only $3 (prrbably the least expensive craft brew I've ever seen). They had some really cool flavors. I love Abbey's and theirs was very good. They also have a jalepeno ale which everyone should at least try. I was really impressed with how much jalepeno flavor they got out of this beer, but it was a little difficult for some to drink on its own. I could imagine drinking this with some hot wings or mexican food maybe, but it was definitely a strong and fun flavor. They have a beer/cider blend that was popular among the light beer fans in the group. If I lived nearby this would probably be my go to hang out, especially in warmer months where you can enjoy the porch (assuming you can drink out there).
5	I went to Birdsong one Friday after work with some friends. Beers were reasonably priced and everyone seemed to have a good time, including me. Although it was a little small inside, I would definitely come back!
5	So we just got a puppy Golden Retriever - And now that she has turned 5 months and has all her shots - We decided we needed to get her out and socialize her - So a few Yelp searches later we were lead to NoDa. This place was absolutely AMAZING - We had the in-laws in from California - And were a little nervous upon driving by the place. It's right next door to NoDa Brewery - And honestly it just looks like a couple of warehouses off the street.  But we had a Jalapeno Ale at a bar, and decided we needed to seek out this place.  We had a small table out on the patio where we could hang out with the puppy, and a few beers.  The In-Laws from California were thoroughly impressed! The people there were amazing, the bartenders were quick and friendly, and the beer was delicious - What more do you need from a brewery! Jalapeno beer isn't necessarily for everyone, but was a novel good beer.  But we have to say - Our absolute favorite was 'Pride', and we came home with a Growler of it - It was FANTASTIC, and you can be sure we'll be coming back for more!  Thank you Birdsong!
5	I went to Birdsong about a month ago when I was visiting Charlotte. The beer selection is awesome! I tried a beer flight and they were all tasty but the Jalapeno Pale Ale is my favorite. The tap room bartenders are super friendly too! You can even ask for a tour of the brewery to see how they make the beer.I love Birdsong!
5	Very great service. I great place to go on a weekend when the weather is warm. Try the Jalapeno beer it is really great
4	FYI,  BIrdsong's beers have vastly improved!  Kudos to you and my god that honey pie was good!
5	Last night I tried one their seasonal rotations based on its name. I'm a huge Radiohead fan, saw "Fake Plastic Trees" listed, asked no questions, and ordered it. The FPT has surpassed Bell's Oberon as my favorite summer beer. Their Lazy Bird brown ale is another crowd pleaser and can be found on tap at most local restaurants that have good sense and even better taste in local beer. You can buy their brews by the pitcher if you decide to stay a while. They sometimes have a guitarist playing covers outside on the back patio. On the weekends, stop by King of Pops next door if their warehouse doors are open. Their homemade, healthy, inventive popsicle flavors are a neighborhood favorite.Always plenty of parking, too.
4	Great Brewery with good ambiance. Not my favorite brewery in CLT (NoDa), but it is right across the street and have good beer. Excited to see their new location.
5	Best Brewery in Charlotte.
1	The beer was horrible. It tastes like grass and it was so bitter! The worst beer I've ever had!!!
4	Liked the outdoor space and the beer is really good. Wish they had more seating
5	The tasting room is small (my only complaint) but it's moving down the street soon! Their beer is fantastic and unfiltered. The jalepano pale ale and higher ground are my go-tos. Every Thursday is Thirsty Thursday when you can try a special limited batch of beer limited to 10 gallons. They have free peanuts and snacks, serve your self! If you're in NoDa, this is the place to get a beer and be treated like a human being, catch some love music and hang.
5	I'm moving to Charlotte soon, and I came to Birdsong when I was in town for job interviews. I only tried the Jalapeno Pale Ale, but it was enough to make me a fan. Great beer, helpful employees, and a nice location mean I'll be a regular once I move.
1	We thought that we would give this place a shot considering the positive reviews.  However our visit was all but positive.  First of all I don't believe that the air conditioning was working.  I know that in the past some places do this to encourage the beer consumption.  I don't necessarily have a problem with this but if thats the case at least make sure that the beer is cold.  I spoke to someone up at bar and she basically said that because the beer is brewed there its not served cold but just slightly colder than room temperature.  If I wanted a warm pint of bitter I'll go to the U.K.  Needless to say we won't be back.
4	Small, quaint, free peanuts and chips. Beer selection not that great but good enough for such a small place. Not a definite visit but if you're in the area, stop by.
4	Great beer to try! Fun flavors like Jalapeno Pale Ale. the staff inside is nice and friendly. I was able to get a t-shirt with no hassle at all. The outdoor seating area is wonderful. Birdsong is next door to NoDa, so you should definitely check it out!
5	If you haven't been to Birdsong Brewing yet, you need to go! Located (for the time being until they move down the street soon) across to NoDa Brewery, you can kill two birds with one parking spot.On Wednesdays I do the NoDa 5k run after work, then head over to Birdsong for a post workout beverage (because we burned all of those calories and all). NoDa is usually packed, there's limited seating, and it's not worth getting elbowed constantly to get a beer. My group and I walk over to Birdsong where there's alot of seating, the beers are awesome, and there's free snacks.One of my favorites is the Jalapeno Pale Ale. It's got just enough heat to taste the jalapeno, but doesn't take away from the beer.The Lazy Bird Brown Ale is a favorite of my group. It's smooth and isn't as heavy as alot of other brown ales.My fall favorite is the St. Tuber, which is their sweet potato beer. I'm not a big pumpkin beer fan, and right now that's all over the seasonal market. The Sweet Potato Beer is a refreshing take on a fall beer, and it's smooth and sweet.
4	Birdsong is a hidden gem in Noda. We happened upon it by accident and were so glad we did. Its located next to Noda Brewing Co. and features an awesome patio that was once a warehouse loading dock. Grab a beer and a bucket of peanuts and find a spot to chill!
5	Fantastic place opened because were from out of town.  Looking for here is the middle the afternoon owner was fantastic!
5	I love Birdsong. It's a great, comfortable little place to relax and have a delicious beer. The bartenders were incredibly friendly, we really enjoyed chatting while trying out the variety of brews available.While I didn't dislike anything I tried, I particularly enjoyed the No Quarter Porter and the Higher Ground IPA. Oh, and the peanuts. Because I love peanuts.And while the beer is a muscle relaxant, the peanuts will help you to replace some of the protein you've lost from the matter transference beam.Almost no one will get that.Seriously though, if you're visiting the area and you like beer, you need to go to Birdsong. Other places too, but definitely Birdsong.
5	Despite being a crowded Saturday night, our group was able to get a beer right away, have a table to stand around, free peanuts to munch on and we were even invited to do a little sidewalk art.  The servers are friendly and engaging, and the beers are top notch.  What else did you want?
5	Great atmosphere! Was a band on the Saturday night we were there that was excellent! The beers were wonderful as well, would be back!
