1	They didn't fully honor the oil change coupon discount, told me I needed a lot of stuff that I didn't need. which I declined. They didn't seem trustworthy... the next day I found a screw in the driver's side tire - coincidence? I was getting my oil changed at Cobblestone before, and will not deviate again.
1	Went in with a intermittent squeak coming from the belt. Chris, the 'floating manager' told me it was an idler pulley and that he needed to order the part. Once the part was installed, the car makes even worse squealing constantly now and Chris tried to sell me on another $300 part. saying it was the tensioner assembly that was going out. They were closing and could not get the part that day and told me to come back the next day to get more work. This place truly exemplifies the shiesty mechanic stereotype, no quality control or professionalism.  If it is an oil change or a blown out tire, I wouldn't doubt these grease jockeys can help, but don't trust them for any service past that or you'll end up worse off than you started.
1	The issues with my vehicle have still not been addressed. David, the manager, has told me I needed new parts, ordered them, and then called me back to say they were not the correct parts and now the correct part will cost over $500 plus labor. (labor that he previously said would be covered due to the inconvenience)The excessive waste of time, inability to address the issue, continued disappointment and steeply rising costs have brought me to the point where I will be contacting the BBB to report this Midas station, and contacting my bank to process a chargeback. For three days my car has been tinkered with and still it sounds worse than when I brought it in.
1	After 4 days of getting the run-around from multiple 'managers' I was told the part that was ordered did not come in, and that it would be another 3 days wait. My car is no longer drivable due largely to the repeated mishandling of the idler pulley replacement. I have requested a refund in full and will be taking my vehicle to another service. Save your money, time and sanity, stay away from this Midas.
5	It seems that I'm relying more and more on the mechanics here, and they seem to be fair to me and from over hearing the other customers at the counter too. I would recommend them if asked, sorry to read the other reviews already posted.
2	Prices are deceiving at Midas and they always try and ridiculously up-sell you.  I had a similar experience with the coupon at Midas as Jeff Y.  I should have listened to the reviews and not gone to this location, but it was on my way to work.  I ended up spending more on an oil change than I ever have before.  I even had a coupon; my dealership is even cheaper than them!  I know most places always add on disposal charges, but they added on about 5 more charges making the oil change cost $14 more than the coupon I brought in.  They told me it was because I need premium products...uhhh, I drive a freaking domestic made, Jeep with a V6 engine WTF!The only reason they received 2 stars was because my car wasn't sabotaged, I guess they did their job (as far as I know), and the customer service was alright (meaning the guy at the desk was semi-pleasant, but mostly had many excuses).  To make things worse, they were out of coffee in the waiting area, so I had to sit there and watch Kendra on TV without coffee for an hour this morning.  Maybe this was all just a bad nightmare!Avoid this place like the plague.
1	I went into this Midas yesterday for an oil change and had a VERY bad experience - I came home and wrote to customer service and I guess it goes right to the store...not sure what good that does: here is my letter and the VERY unprofessional response I got from Dennis Robbins:My letter to customer service: "I came in today for an oil change and to have an oil leak checked. I have been in before and dealt with Guy Walker who was always very helpful and nice. I came into today and got a very rude reception - not by Guy - he wasn't there - I told the gentleman I needed an oil change and the reply was "hey I can't just pull a guy off of a job just to change your oil!"....what....first of all it says NO WHERE on the coupon that I need an appt (never had one before)and this guy told me he was basically busy for the next few days.....and 2nd of all DON'T OFFER A DEAL THEN!!!!! I was willing to wait to see if he had a no-show but after his bad attitude I told him I would take my biz elsewhere. I have lived in AZ for 2 years and have YET to find a friendly, reliable mechanic to work on my car.....I will now give ALL of my biz to Marshall's Service Center in Scottsdale - even though their prices are higher they are kind, courteous, professional and do a GOOD job without complaining or being rude to customers! There is NOTHING more that infuriates me than BAD customer service...as you can tell!"Mr Robbins VERY unprofessional response: "Maam IF you had read your coupon, it states that an appointment is recommended but not required. i guess you failed to see that.But i have a great customer base that understands total maintinance, not just oil changes. If You had read and called to make sure that a bay was open, i would have fit you into the schedule. I guess ill just go into my doctor next time instead of making an appointment. Good Day"He was RUDE, UNPROFESSIONAL AND CONDESCENDING to the WRONG WOMAN! I will NEVER go to ANY Midas location again - I have put a call into the corporate office to see if this is how they train their franchisee's to treat their customers! DO NOT GO TO THIS MIDAS!
1	ALRIGHT, I AM PISSED. I Have been a loyal customer for 10 plus years and my whole family brings their cars there, that's 6+ cars we have taken to THIS location for years. I have had a really good experience until yesterday. Apparently this store is under new management and his name is DAVID MENDIVIL and he is an deceiving ass. 1) he denied me the use of my coupon for my oil change2) told me that ALL OF A SUDDEN my oil change was going to be about $10 more (this includes not being able to use the coupon) because the manufacture of my car requires the expensive oil. All of a sudden after 4 years (my car is an '08) the oil type changed??? He said he couldn't be reliable in case something went wrong...why would something all of a sudden go wrong with the oil you've been in my car for the last 4 years?3) he was so rude and such an ass 1)My mom went back today to complain to him...and he said and i quote "i don't care about you couponing people" (what a dick)2)My mom asked for the owners information and he said and i quote "i am not giving you the owners name.. (k dumb dumb i am 24 year old computer whiz..i'll find his info in a heart beat).3)my mom made him print out all the paper work from 2008 showing and proving the oil that he has been putting in to my car..and it's the cheaper oil that he told me he could no longer sell me..... 4) my mom drove to Honda after this experience today and asked Honda if there was any truth to having certain oils in your car..they said "no, we might recommend certain oils but we don't mandate or force any particular kind."I am so offended with how MIKE MENDIVIL treated me and my mother and we are seeking higher actions to call him out and take him out of business.
1	I stopped in on my way home from work to get an oil change.  I didn't have an appointment... but it was 3 on a Wednesday and I didn't see a single car in the shop.  I wasn't greeted as much as sneered at.  Of course he couldn't fit me in for a 30 minute oil change without an appointment so I asked if there were any other locations.  He informed me that no one would be able to do same day oil changes.  Really?  Mid-day, Mid-week?  He was totally dismissive and completely unhelpful.  I agree with the other comments that he quickly sized me up as being an "oil change coupon" customer and decided the owner didn't need my money. I've been to this Midas location in years past and had a COMPLETELY different experience.   I'll never go back to this location.
1	I was going to send my daughter to Wal-Mart to get her oil changed for $30.00 but then received a coupon in the mail for a Midas oil change for $19.99.  I sent her there instead.  My daughter is 16.  She returned home with a $35.50 oil change! I asked her how that happened and she said, "David" insisted that she needed the more expensive oil and that is all they offer now so she didn't really have a choice.  He also told her that they don't honor that coupon even thought their location is right on the coupon.  He tried to up sell her a bunch more crap but luckily she was smart enough to say no.  I called him when she returned home and asked him what kind of scam they are running and he said that they don't accept that coupon and the fact that their name and location is on the coupon is irrelevant.  He apparently gave her a $5.00 credit so this was a $40.00 plus oil change.  David is a crook and Midas practices false advertising and exploitation.  One more thing...when I questioned his lack of ethics and shabby business practices he hung up on me.  Typical coward.
3	Well, this is really called SpeeDee Oil Change, but it is right next door to Midas and Midas owns this business as well. I had no problem using my $5 off coupon which I got directly from the website. An oil change is $35 normally at this establishment. Front counter guy was nice enough and they did check my tires tread which is unusual for an oil change place. Lucky for me they did because I had no tread on several tires. They don't have tires there and I don't trust that kind of place to do tires, so I went across the street to get those tires. My issue was that they said I should have a coolant flush and the liquid was murky and this needed to done asap. I have had other quick oil change places lie to me and so did SpeeDee because the dudes across the street said my coolant was fine. They also left the underside very oily because across the street, my car was up and i could see underneath.     Just ignore their suggestions and stick to getting an oil change, but won't be returning either way, although they did probably save my life from a possible tire blowout. Kudos for that.
5	Absolutely blown-away by the assistance, candor, professionalism, honesty and overall great customer service from this "Newly Owned" Midas. I must say, in my experience auto-shops usually tend to never do what you want them to. They bait you in with an oil-change coupon and then upsell the bejesus out of you no matter what. Totally not the case this time. I had to have my oil changed and also wanted to have my ac blower motor looked at on my Tundra. I also had been having some brake squeaking and a little bit of a wobble in the steering. A friend of mine told me about this location and how its under new management and ownership and figured I'd give it a shot. Greg, the new owner and the entire staff treated me like family. I was given the opportunity to inspect everything from their point of view, from the oil being changed to the brake rotors and wheel hub assembly. I had been in an accident awhile ago and was hosed by the less than stellar repair that took place at another shop. Greg and his staff gave me multiple options for the repair and I was floored at how well they took care of myself, my wallet and my truck. They had everything repaired and replaced in about half the time my dealer would have and for a lot less. If you're looking for a place that will take care of you and your vehicle without the selling dance that usually accompanies repairs I highly recommend this location. They do exactly what you want done, advise you on potential issues that may arise and leave it up to you, the customer. Far and away the best service I think I have ever had at any shop! It appears this location and staff have turned the proverbial leaf over and in the process left the stereotype at the door! Keep it up, you've definitely earned some customers for life.
5	I am very appreciative of Greg Milan, the new owner of Midas. I had my A/C serviced at a Midas while on vacation. It was fine until I came back to AZ. I went to the Midas in Scottsdale, hoping they would warranty the work done in CA. They spent a good amount of time on my car. They drained the freon, checked for leaks and put the freon back. They thought too much freon was added, causing my problem. They didn't charge me anything for all of the time they spent on my vehicle, and were very professional and courteous. I highly recommend giving the new owner of this Midas a chance.
5	Last time I went to this Midas I had a VERY bad experience - I vowed to never go back...that was 2 years ago. Since then there is a new owner, Greg Milan. Greg saw my bad experience review here on Yelp and reached out to me to see if he could help in anyway. Since he was the new owner I thought, "what the heck" - as long as that RUDE manager, Dennis Robbins was gone I would go back and give them another chance. I am happy to report that Greg now has a customer for life...or as long as I live in AZ anyway. He is friendly, helpful and cares. I like when I am having my car worked on and they take me back to SHOW me what's up....brake pad wear, tire wear..whatever...I like to SEE what is going on..not be kept in the dark. Thanks Greg for your great customer service...I will recommend you to all of my friends who need oil changes, tires, car repairs and maintenance :).
5	Thankfully the new owner, Greg, has turned this place around.  After I posted a bad review due to the previous owners unethical work standards Greg reached out to me.  He assured me that things are different there and he was telling the truth.  Greg has worked very hard to make this an inviting environment and to be an ethical and honest business owner.  My daughter recently had a car issue so I took Greg up on his offer to stop by and say hello and be shown that this shop is being run the way it should be.  Greg got my daughter in right away and then called to tell me that there was actually nothing wrong with the car.  We are planning a return trip to get new tires put on her car.  Thanks, Greg!
5	Greg is the new owner there and he is AWESOME.  He really cares and is completely honest.  I needed a new battery and he went out of his way to have the correct one delivered (since he didn't have one in stock) and gave me a GREAT price just to help a gal out.  Women typically get nervous around mechanical shops but since Greg is leading the charge, please know you're in good hands!  A++
5	Write a review about an oil change place? Yup. Met the owner. Nice guy. He was helping a guy who spoke no English but his car had broken down a few blocks away. Helped him, without charging him for a tow. My experience was a clean place, friendly people and reasonable price. The owner even took me on a tour and showed off the state of the art wheel alignment equipment he just purchased. I will go back and be comfortable that they are NOT trying to rip me off. I was impressed with the pride, effort, honesty, cleanliness and pricing.
5	I don't think I can say anything about the amazing service I experienced here that hasn't already been stated in the countless 5-star reviews posted before mine. I have used Yelp simply as a lurker for quite a while now but, as you can see, the service I received during my visit today was so great it moved me to come here and post my very first review. There was only about an hour before they were due to close and Jason not only agreed to squeeze me in at the last minute, he ended up staying late to help me out and with a smile on his face the entire time.Because of the awesome service I received from Jason and his obvious commitment to providing as much help as possible, they have just earned another well-deserved customer for life. Thanks again, Jason, you were such a huge help!
