4	Located in the Gainey Villages Shopping Center, Two Hearts Nails just opened recently.  Queenie did an excellent job on my gel manicure ($30) and my pedicure ($27) which included a hot stone massage.  Came in as a walk-in and was seating after about 5 minutes.  Great, friendly service.  There's a bar set-up for coffee, tea, waters. Will definitely be coming back.
2	This place is great! The staff is super friendly, instruments are clean and it has a great atmosphere. P.S. I love the wine as well :)(My initial rating was 5 stars) UPDATE - As much as I love this place, I am a bit worried about the cleanliness after going a few times. The nail grinder used for acrylics is apparently not cleaned after each use (or even once a day for that matter). After having the file cause slight bleeding (not uncommon) I asked how often they were sanitized and was very disturbed to hear NEVER....I hate leaving them since they are great but unless they begin sanitizing EVERYTHING, I will not be going there anymore...
1	Did a walk in with my best friend today to get our eyebrows done. It was my first time at a nail bar, let alone getting my eyebrows done.The lady up front told us it would be an hour and that we could walk around/shop until they were ready for us, and that theyd give us a call. We agreed, gave her our phone number and left. Three hours later, we never recieved a call.. We're deff never coming back, Nor will we be suggesting this place to our friends. We did however get wonderful service from 20 Lounge nail bar, not to far away.
2	First off let me start on a positive note... this nail place is SUPER cute and modern inside. They have TONS of color choices (both regular polish and gel including rockstar glitter) and you also get offered complimentary water, soda, wine or champagne. The staff and lady at the front desk (Stephanie I think) are all super friendly.Now the not so good... I got here around 3PM and started with the basic pedicure, which was just that. Pretty basic. It was short and to the point, but when I left I noticed polish on the skin of my toes outside the nail. Kind of annoying but whatever.I asked the girl doing my pedi (who was also supposed to do my gel mani) if she would build out my nails a little longer using gel and NOT acrylic (a friend of mine had told me about this technique) and she seemed confused so she asked one of the other guys how to do it. If she couldn't do it I would have been fine with that and would have appreciated the honesty...She started my manicure and trimmed my cuticles then put the tips on my nails. I was then left sitting there and waiting for probably 20 minutes on the other guy to finish his client. He then moved me across the room to his station.He used this clear gel that came out of a pot over the tips and put the rockstar glitter I picked on. The glitter seemed sparse with some uncovered spots so I asked if he could do a little more. He then grabbed a totally different color (a white) and sprinkled that on my nails which totally changed the look of the color. He put two more coats of this clear gel on top and they were feeling totally bumpy and uneven. I asked him to make them shorter (which he didn't.. he barely filed them) and then to smooth the top... which he did. But used a drill that totally took the sparkle away and left them dull. I then asked for ANOTHER coat of clear gel to make them sparkly again. He explained to me after all of this, that the product he used is just like acrylic powder but in gel form, and that the maintenance required a fill... which I asked about in the beginning and wasn't informed on.When we finally finished everything it was 5:30. Two and a half hours for a mani and what I thought was going to be a pretty basic gel manicure seems crazy to me. It's also pretty expensive. Ended up costing $82... with tip I spent $100... Definitely can't do that every other week. I think I will have to end up back at Scottsdale Nails or Pink Polish :(
2	My gel manicure chipped after 4 days..... Not happy!
5	I heard about this salon from a friend, and decided to try it to spruce up a bit before I left on vacation two days later. I'm horrible at working nails into a routine and getting them done every so often, but I seem to be gifted at messing them up fairly quickly. I had a great pedicure about two weeks ago that hasn't chipped yet and they gave me my first gel manicure with full instructions of how to remove it, etc., letting me know if I could call back if there were any problems. I was helped at the desk by Rosemary, but a girl named Ginny was the one that did all the service and they were both great with helping me pick out colors when I described what I was doing, where I was going, and what I was going to wear while also answering any questions I had. Now I just have to work it into my schedule to keep going back(:
5	I love this place. I was looking for a new nail salon and was so happy I found Two Hearts. I have been telling everyone to come here. There are a ton of pedicure chairs which would make this for a great party location for a bridal shower or a birthday party. The staff is also very friendly and accommodating!
4	This place is super cute and modern! It's in a great location in Gainey Village and has only been open a few months. Not only do they offer awesome nail services, but they offer wine or champagne to you as well! I have been in multiple times since they have opened and have received manicures, gel manicures, and pedicures. All have been done to extreme satisfaction. They have a TON of nail polish colors to choose from and a gel polish match for almost every color as well. Great place to come relax, enjoy a little "me" time, and walk out with a beautiful manicure or pedicure.
2	The salon is so cute and my mom and I were excited for a girls day of mani/pedis all while enjoying wine! My parents are currently living in the area to escape the freezing northeast and I came to visit for the week. We were greeted by a less than welcoming and friendly receptionist. She could have not cared any less that we were going to be paying customers. Regardless, we were seated together and had pedicures done. We were offered the luxury pedicure and were under the impression we were BOTH getting one. However, I was the only one to get one and my mom didn't get one done despite trying to communicate that. She was told she would get $3.00 off. The girl doing my nails and I started chatting and she found out that I was a visitor to the area. After that, many remarks were made that "she shouldn't have been assigned to me because she only takes regular customers" and she had a client in 20 minutes. My mom and I watched every other customer get offered either water or wine. Being that we were "outsiders" no beverages were offer to usTheir salon is very clean and it seems like a great business. Minus their customer service!  If you live in the area- I'm sure this place is great. If you are a visitor. Beware!
5	I'm so surprised this salon doesn't have better ratings from other customers.  I had an amazing experience at this salon.  The owner did my nails and Kevin took care of my pedicure.  The pedicure was so relaxing, and they used awesome products to make my feet smooth.  He spent a long time massaging my legs and feet, which felt so great!  The owner was wonderful too.  Her no chip manicure has lasted me a long time, and the quality of her manicure was great.  She really loves her customers and the salon is beautiful and clean.  I don't live close, but will travel 20 minutes+ just to get my nails done!
1	I was very displeased when I left after getting tips and gel nails. My mani and pedi together cost $120. within 3 days 3 of my nails broke off and 1 is split down the middle. I've had my nails done many places and this has never happened. Don't waste your money!
1	Shop closes at 7pm and I walk in 25 minutes before closing and they wouldn't take me although they were clearly open and available. Annoying.
1	Horrible experience!  I only rated it 1 star due to the simple fact that you are required to select something. I went in for a Spa pedicure and boy was I in for a shock!  The outside of the nail salon appears to be very chabby tres chic. The staff does not speak English to you, however they speak their own language to each other which is beyond rude. As I am relaxing in a massage chair that does not work the lady is "Trimming" my well pedicured toes with nail clippers that appeared to be made for a horse. I have tiny feet and tiny toes to match. As she is trimming, she cuts the nails so short only to expose the nail bed... OUCH! Furthermore she clipped such a huge chunk she managed to also remove my skin below my nail... Double OUCH! As I sat there and bled she was very non-chalant about it. The manager came over only after a spectacle of tears was displayed and took over. Then they charged me for my pedicure. I went to the doctor and was treated to ensure I did not get an infection. Please re-consider going here... it is not worth it!
1	horrible service, took a very long to get my nails done and after 3 days they already look horrible! spent $60 for a mani and pedi and could have done a better job myself for free.
