4	This new hotel has been open for four (4) months.  It's very well appointed and the rooms are extremely nice.  The bed was comfortable and it is very quiet here.  This is a much cheaper alternative, but a nice one, to many of the Scottsdale Hotels which are expensive but provide no additional upgrades.  Free Wifi and parking!
5	Perfect place for a business trip. The staff is very polite and helpful, my room was also very clean.  This Marriot has a very modern feel fused with the native Pima & Maricopa culture, a very nice blend.
4	This is a wonderful Courtyard! Big, clean rooms, free WiFi, and friendly staff. Marriott has outdone itself with these new look Courtyards!
4	This review is for their meeting rooms, not their hotel rooms.  This is an awesome place to hold meetings.  The property is new, offers Free WiFi, and is conveniently located off the 101 and Chaparral.  There's plenty of parking and it's complimentary.  The staff here is super friendly and helps your clients and meeting attendees feel comfortable.Return Factor - 85%
4	As an update, I stayed here again about three weeks ago.  I was coming to PHX on business and remembered I had had a great experience here.  I was able to find a nice room with king sized bed for only $55 plus tax.  What a GREAT deal.  Free Wifi, but no breakfast.  Free overnight parking.  I highly recommend this hotel.
5	This is a business-class hotel, not for families. Great experience. Very clean. Great workout facilities and pool.  Right off the 101 for quick access.
5	Love this Marriott. This is my 4th visit to the Courtyard Marriott Salt River. The hotel itself has a modern vibe and is located in a quiet area of Scottsdale off of Pima road. The staff is friendly an always greets you upon arrival. The beds are comfy and the rooms are spacious. I am only a Gold member so no free breakfast here but the do have a deli type restaurant which offers some nice menu items. The oatmeal is a big hit with me.Try this place out, you will enjoy.
4	Stayed here for a few days in July 2013.  This is a new hotel and has all the latest amenities.  I love the Bistro in the lobby, the pool area is super nice, very large and inviting, the rooms are really clean and comfortable!  The Marriott bed is amazing, you will get a good nights sleep here.  They offer: free wifi, free parking. Good access to the 101 and Wal-Mart, gas station and other shops about 1/2 mile away. There is also an Indian Casino close by if you get bored!One reviewer mentioned it is a business class hotel, yes, Courtyards does cater to business travelers during the week, but for the family who wants a really nice pool area with easy access to the 101 freeway, this is perfect!They have really nice business facilities so it is designed for meetings. On Sunday they have a church that has services here! This is one of the largest and well equipped Courtyards that I have stayed in.
4	Stayed here for several nights in Sept 2013.  Newer Marriott with nice rooms and an excellent lobby area.  Bistro was great option, food quick and well prepared and the service was excellent.  Front desk staff great as well.  Did have some issues with back office, left a pair of shoes in my room, followed up with housekeeping multiple times and finally had to get to general manager to get resolved.  However, once I made that contact everything was handled well - got my shoes back, an explanation of how problem occurred, and an apology.  I would definitely stay there again.
5	Over forty weeks a year I travel for business and I've seen everything... the good, the bad, the ugly.  Then there is Scottsdale Courtyard Marriott Salt River... the great!  From decor, property layout, to the attentive GM, this hotel is a standout.  FYI: What makes this hotel unique in comparison to other Marriott Courtyards is the fact it has a resort-like ambiance. Bravo to the design team!
4	We stayed here when we ran the Hot Chocolate 15k in Dec 14, choosing it based on proximity and price. It was a good decision.The staff was very friendly and professional, the room was comfortable and meticulously clean, and the wifi was better than I normally expect from hotels.  Would absolutely stay again & recommend.
