2	When I order Taco Bell, I expect a little bit of disgusting and a lot of gross. But, this Taco Bell (also a KFC) was a little beyond gross. My order was leaking grease, so much so that the plastic bag that hid that goodness was also caving under the weight of the grease.My Taco Bell experience in Arizona. Not good.
3	Rude staff. Fast service. Taco Bell is very greasy and just thrown together. For 2 menu items I did receive 23 (yes I counted them) packets of mild sauce. So I would say generous describes them as well. KFC has great food and well, you can't really mess that up can you.
2	Typical taco bell/KFC. Doesn't participate in dbacks taco promo.
1	I stopped at this KFC/Taco Bell on my way home one time and they were out of most of the KFC menu.  The drive-thru cashier was rude and very short with me and offered no options for me when each of the first 3 items I tried to order were already sold out.  Not going back.
1	This Taco Bell / KFC is famous for getting orders wrong and now they don't participate in D backs promo! Sure wouldn't want us seniors (whom are the majority of their business to get anything free!
2	That chicken smells really good for lunchThe chicken is good but the staff is not very knowledgeable and have a bit of an attitude problem the place is always crowded in that order is never accurate I always have to send it back because it make lots of mistakes I don't know what's going on here but I would be cautious when you eating at this place.
2	Had a bad experience at the subway across the parking lot so you notice I left one place came to this one right away much better better service I recommend this place for a much better service.
1	Okay I have to preface this with the fact that this is been the first Taco Bell that I have eaten at in over a year. So to be honest I was expecting to be over whelmed because I have been wanting these foods forever. However I couldn't have been more disappointed. It started with the fact that when I first got there I had to use the restroom. The first stall was solidly plugged up and no way was I even venturing into it. So I went into the second stall and sat down and proceeded to complete my mission and  lo and behold no toilet paper!  So I went out to join my hubby in the ordering process and I ordered one each of all of the following: regular tostada, regular taco, a Mexican pizza, and a bean burrito with sour cream and lettuce added plus a side of salsa.  I knew there was no way I was going to eat it all but those are the items that I had been craving and I thought at least if I had a couple bites of each it would make me happy.  Hubby ordered three pieces of chicken and a side item.  So when they charged us they overcharged us (by double the price of the meal) but Hubby said I'm not supposed to mention that in this review because they did rectify it. The Mexican pizza was pretty good. The tostada actually sucked a**. Hubby's chicken was really good. The taco was good and the burrito was okay. To be honest our biggest turnoff was the cleanliness of the place not only in the bathrooms but of the dining room as well. There was more trash on the floor underneath our table when we first sat down than we had after finishing our meal. Needless to say I do not think that we will be back anytime soon. I just wish there was another Taco Bell in the neighborhood that could show this place how it's supposed to be done!
3	Wait is always a bit long, but they just remodeled the dining area and it really looks a lot better. Polite staff that makes sure your satisfied.
