5	Nicely edited selection of mid to high end electronics.    Knowledgeable and professional staff.  These guys (and gals) know what they are talking about and will go the extra mile in terms of customer service.  Thinking about splurging on a home theater?  Ask for Scott.  He will listen to you and help you build your dream system within your budget.  He will even respond to your hi-fi emergencies (eg. the guests are arriving for your Super Bowl party and you don't remember how to work the mission control style remote).
5	The Beautiful Carin and I needed some new TV's for the new place at the beach.What...did you think we were just going to sit there and watch the ocean?No, we need our TiVo, our college football, our Hawaii 5-0 and our MadMen, just like everyone else.And we need them wirelessly in every room, with incredible sound and in 3D/HDTV!So it was time to re-up on the television front.It turns out that it's actually cheaper to buy the TV's and all the attendant crap here in Arizona (and have our mover take them along), than it is to buy them and have them delivered in California!I know, it seems crazy to me too, but when you are buying four of these bad boys at one time...well, the discount did not hurt my feelings, one iota!We dropped by this location after breakfast on Sunday..."just to look over our options"...but I'd already done my research, done a little online looking, dropped by Best Buy, Fry's and Costco and I knew what I wanted and about how much it was going to cost me.Imagine my surprise, when Chris, the nice sales guy ran the numbers for us and the total turned out to be about $1,000 less than I thought it was going to cost me!Delivery was right on time, everything showed up intact and as soon as the installers finish and we finish our move, I won't need to look outside for anything...ever again!The whole world will be available in 3D-HiDef...all 13 movies of currently available 3D content.In a final "nice touch", I had no sooner gotten off my plane today than my pocket rang (and vibrated...I do so enjoy my very smart phone)...it was Chris calling to make sure that the delivery was smooth, and that I got everything I had purchased...going the extra mile!UE made it easier to part with my money...easier, not "easy".
4	Ultimate is turning into a quality alternative to the Best Buy. Well I wrote that a few months ago before the Ultimate announced they were going out of business. I am sorry I didn't finish this in time because I believe the electronics market needs more then Best Buys and now Walmarts as our choices. Sorry, guys! You were great!
