5	Yeay, a new (relatively) neighborhood coffee spot. This one is going to be on my favorite list.Bradbury's is truly awesome. I stopped by here this morning and grabbed their coffee ($1.90 for large, $1.60 for small) and rhubarb+strawberry+brebis ($4.50) crepe to go. The coffee is brewed strong, or just right for me. Crepe is freshly made to order. The filling was very nicely done with tart rhubarb perfectly accompanied by sweetness from strawberry. I really appreciated the freshness of the ingredients and not-overwhelming amount of sweetness that works great for breakfast. Next time, I'd want to try the one of the savory crepes.If  you're not in a terrible hurry, there are cute tables and chairs to sit down. Another "plus" is that they are open from 6:30am! I was waiting for a good place (other than Starbucks) to grab coffee that opens before 7am :) If you go there around 7:00am, you can pick up the "fresh-out of the oven" scone that they bake everyday. The staffs are always friendly and smiley. There are too many good things to write about this place ... I can go on and on, but it's a lot easier if you just go experience it yourself.
5	Friends + Coffee + Crepes + Sunlight = Bradbury's!They have the best coffee in Madison (just edged past Ancora ;).  It's a friendly, family-run situation-- a great place to relax, hang out, and catch a sunbeam.This isn't a coffee factory.  If it takes a minute longer than SBUX, it's because they'll only serve you their best.
3	Crepes are good, but menu changes from day to day, and on the day I went there weren't too many interesting options (2 sweet, 2 savory). I got a 3-cheese crepe with fresh salsa, and while it was very very good, I found myself thinking of buying a bagel somewhere else, since I was still hungry. Food is delicious but portions are small.  Cool points for the foam art on my cappuccino. Very small place. Hard to seat large groups.
5	best espresso and coffee in Madison, hands down. In some ways it is hard to compare the product that is produced here to other spots in town. They are total espresso geeks who use super high quality milk (blue marble).Crepes are good, they keep the menu small, change it often and use fresh and local ingredients. They have improved on quality every week they have been open.
5	Really outstanding crepes, scones, and coffee; friendly, helpful service; well-designed space with wonderful light.  I love that the food served is all fresh and local (and sourced on a chalkboard!).  Public garage is right across the street, and there is a lot of metered (except Sundays) parking as well.Good overview at http://www.thedailypage.com/daily/article.php?article=20902 .
5	Bradbury's is adorable in many ways and I wholeheartedly recommend spending your money and your time at this family-operated establishment.  The crepes are delicate and superb and the coffee is excellent.  You can just feel how much the owners love this place and have made it theirs.
5	Been wanting to stop at Bradbury's everytime I am in Madison.  Too me, its the re-creation( of the oh' so needed) Coffeehouse.  Perfect menu.  Really this one is perfect!  Their Barista Craft is 5 stars ( and I am coffee-craft critic), The menu is perfect, it's all a crepe menu should be: A couple savory choices, a couple sweet choices- Do what I do, order one of each.  I had the spinach & egg & potato, with lovely winter radish slices on top, and a cinnamon whip creme, with a side of really here square on Lemon Curd.  Not everyone can manage Lemon Curd well and thats a fact.  Their's was A+.  Had a great small 6oz Cap ( hello...out there 6oz is exactly what it should be), and it was perfect.  A big big round of applause for these folks that opened Bradbury's!!!Come on you guys cross the river and open one in Minneapolis!!
5	Awesome crepesAwesome views out panoramic windowsAwesome coffeeAwesome beerAwesome location (I mean, relatively - maybe convenient is the better word)Awesomely helpful staffAwesomely small deliberate kitchen spaceAwesome postersAwesome place
5	Yum!  Excellent crepes, and not overpriced.  Cute place, too, with huge windows and tons of natural light.  I suppose it could get a little crowded (there are like 2 tables and then counter seating), but even at 11 am with the farmer's market in full swing  a block away, it wasn't too busy this morning.  I love that they source their ingredients locally (with the farmer's market right there, who wouldn't anyway?)  Everything was super fresh and tasty.  I had the wilted kale and scrambled egg crepe, which was excellent.  My partner had the roasted vegetable with chevre, which might've even been better.  Might have to make this a weekend tradition.
5	Great, reasonably priced food.  Caffeine in lots of high quality, creative formats.  Free wifi.
4	Went there for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. Great food. Only using in season ingredients. Had the best sun-gold tomatoes ever! Crepe had great flavors and all were balanced well. Service was good. It's a small place (like most downtown places), so definitely leave the stroller in the car. The only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars was the music. It was a bit loud for a "coffee shop" type of place and out of place. It was a little on the techno side. I definitely get the individuality that baristas have, however, I would have liked to have it turned down just a bit. I would definitely go back.
5	piccolo! piccolo! piccolo piccolo piccolo piccolo piccolo piccolo piccolo piccolo PICCOLO!(to the tune of figaro)
4	We decided to try Bradbury's one Sunday morning...I'm amazed with what they have done with such a small corner spot. The menu is small,  but offers sweet and savory crepes, as well as an egg dish or two.  I'm assuming that choices change frequently due to the use of fresh, local and seasonal ingredients--which is great! My only complaint was the fact that the music was a bit too loud and urban-techno for an early Sunday morning. I realize that it goes with the "vibe" that they're trying to portray, but it was just too much for me to deal with before my first cup of coffee had taken effect.
3	I had heard this place talked up quite a bit, so I came in with high expectations.  They were not met.  It's not bad, but it is definitely over-hyped.The space is very small, so the menu is necessarily limited--the first time I came in, I actually left without ordering because none of the day's offerings really appealed (plus it was SUPER crowded).  Since I came in this time with a group of 3, I found the paucity of tables a bit inconvenient--I feel like the bar seating should be reduced to make room for smaller tables (and then there's the 6-8 person table in the middle which seems like overkill).  I admit, we did come in at 10am on a Saturday, which is one of the busier times.I had one crepe each off the sweet and savory menus.  The savory crepe contained eggs, summer squash, and cheddar, but it was so heavily salted that it might as well have been a crepe stuffed with salt.  I seriously could barely taste anything else.The sweet crepe (raspberry & lemon curd) was much better, although I felt like there were a few too many berries in relation to the rest of its contents.  I tasted my friend's banana/almond/nutella crepe and it was completely delicious.  My skim latte was also very good and complimented the sweet crepes beautifully.My overall assessment is that this a decent place to get take-out dessert, but avoid the savory crepes and only plan to eat in during off hours.
1	Well we came in here cuz yelpers rated it high. We r on a road trip around the US and really wanted some good food. My order: sausage kale eggs and cheese crepe with a hot apple cider.My BF order: raspberries, lemon curd crepe with French pressMy crepe was ok the big chunks didn't mesh well with the crepe and was hard to eat. The price was crazy high for such a small amount of food!My apple cider was really just nuked apple juice! WOM = waste of moneyHis crepe came with a little friend :) A BUG! And the "organic" raspberries were moldy :( the super lowkey and kind staff made him a new one with banana instead. The second crepe had even less fruit then the first. What is it with crepe places charging high and then skimping on the amounts. I'm still hungry....The French press tho was great and you get alot :) ahhh one good thing :)Wisconsin so far... Crappy food and o so unhappy cows :(
4	Me: "I love coffee."Various people: "Have you been to Bradbury's?"Me: "I love crepes."Various people: "Checked out Bradbury's yet?"Me: "I love exploring Madison."Various people: "You should go to Bradbury's!"So, I finally went! Alright, already! I only had a cappucino, but this corner spot is cool. I'm giving myself a big ol' pat on the back for checking it out before my fiance (who's already lived here for two years) had even heard about it. What can I say? I talk to the right various people. Good sunny, autumn music (although the album ended and the servers forgot to queue something up again), delicious espresso, and cool decor. Sections of the cement beams have been painted with blackboard paint, so you can check out the overhead menu and list of local farms from which Bradbury's sources. The crepe menu changes weekly, sometimes daily, completely based on what's fresh and available.I'm a firm believer in the idea that if you can't get a handle on the vibe of a place, chat it up. That's it! If you can't tell if the service is friendly or shy or just plain terrible...if you need to determine if your food was sub-par because it's always sub par or because the cook was having a bad morning...just talk to the people that work there. Ask questions about the menu or simply comment on the weather. It's amazing how much your service and experience can improve. For me, I learned a new thing while chatting with the barista. On the menu they advertised "Japanese siphon". Hmmm...um, what's that? Well, she explained, it's this cool little contraption that looks like it belongs in a 1960's science lab, but it actually allows you to brew your coffee table side. Psychadelic! I'll be back to try the siphon with Nutella-banana crepes next time, and provide an updated rating based on the food.
4	Cute and quaint, nestled in a sliver of a space just off capitol square. I'm not a coffee snob and admittedly do not understand what makes coffee and/or espresso drinks good, but their latte made me want to learn. Perfectly poured in a ceramic (not porcelain) mug, great flavor with no hint of bitterness. The froth was just the right thickness with a cute little design, and maybe I'm superficial or simple (or both), but that made me happy. This was easily the best latte I've had in Madison. As everyone says, the place is small, so I'd only use it as a study space during off hours.
4	I'm there now. Quaint lil hole in the wall. I had the nutella crepe (reminds me of time spent in Paris!) coffee was delicious, and I automatically give places a thumbs up if they use whole milk in their coffee. Lovely place for a lazy afternoon and of you want to get some reading or hw done! Street parking is in abundant which is good. I can see me coming here more!
4	Fantastic coffee with many brewing methods available.  Crepes are pretty delicious on the whole.  The first time wasn't the best, but the next couple visits were met with drastic improvement.  Probably just a fluke.  They've got a small menu, but it's still difficult to make a decision, everything sounds good.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable
5	I've been to this place a ton and every time it has been consistently amazing.  Every crepe I've had has been delicious and filling (especially the 'savory' ones which are full of meat, potatoes, eggs, etc.) and they change all the time, so that you can almost always get something new.  But the coffee is the real reason to come here; they have the best cappuccinos/espresso in Madison (never over-milked and never burnt) and since moving out to Washington DC I can attest to the fact that they are better than any coffee shop here as well (for what that's worth...).  I've also tried the siphon coffee, which is a delicious and interesting experience if you have a friend with you to share with (drinking the entire thing by yourself will certainly F you up).  It can get crowded during peak times (weekday mornings, farmer's market days) because it really is a tiny space, but if that bothers you then come during a non-peak time (usually what I do).  People like the place and rent downtown is expensive, so that's what you get.  Bottom line...these people love making delicious coffee (one of the owners will likely be the one serving you) and also care about getting local ingredients (the food and milk comes from southern WI farms and the coffee comes from a Milwaukee roaster).  I miss this place quite a bit since moving away from Madison and I visit every time I'm back in WI.
5	My favorite coffee shop in Madison - love it..LEGIT - You can get coffee any way: espresso, drip, vacuum, and press. They know what is going on.I love the interior, the atmosphere, the employees (super nice, laid back, and great service), crepes (rotating menu of sweet and savory), and the beer (yeah they have beer - grain belt for under $2).Stop waiting and check it.
2	I've had better crepes, and I find their crepes overpriced.   Their selection of food is tiny, and I rarely find anything that I want to order off the menu.  Their coffee might be pretty good, but I don't drink coffee and I find their tea pretty average.  They do have beer though.  I'm glad I tried it, but it's unlikely that I'll come back here in the future.  There are better breakfast options in Madison.
4	Best espresso in Madison. Crepe menu changes often because everything is fresh and sourced from local farms/providers. It can get crowded because it is a small space which is really the only drawback. They know how to pair flavors and it is always a delight. If you are looking for a big plate of stodgy grub go elsewhere. This is quality over quantity and I love it.
4	I've been told to try this place for a long time and today I finally did.  I only went in for some coffee, which was indeed as good as I was told.   I work off the Capitol Square and generally make stops at other coffee shops around there, but really Bradbury's is only a little bit further for me, and is worth the extra few minutes it takes to get there.  I took my coffee to go, but there was seating and a few people there who seemed to be studying.  One of the people who recommended this place to me though takes her kids (who are 5 and 7) there for crepes, so from her I assume it can be kid friendly for older kids.  Like I said I only had a coffee (Sumatra), but I definitely want to try the crepes (which just as many people have recommended to me as the coffee).
5	this place is great. the menu is small but rotates frequently because the ingredients are local and/or organic. the space is also on the small side, but it's so sunny that it doesn't matter.i'm no coffee snob, but the coffee is really good too. i know it's dorky, but i love that little leaf design they make on the top.
5	Bradburys is one of the trendier coffee shops in the downtown Madison area featuring almost 360 degrees of natural sunlight, quirky menu placement, and a logo that screams for the eye's attention. Their trademark cuisine includes a variety of different crepes ranging from decadent desserts to a filling steak and potatoes option. All of the dishes are equally culinary triumphs and artistic creations. Of course, Bradburys also offers a plethora of coffee shop staples that will get you going in the morning or after lunch. All of the ingredients are purchased locally and their origins are chalked up on overhead boards for the curious food advocate. If you are looking for an amazing coffee shop that deviates from the norm in setting and menu, give Bradburys a shot.
5	Amazing crepes made from local sources. This was a pleasant surprise as I was looking for a quick bite to eat near the capitol.
4	Does my review even matter here where others have given their whole hearted stamp of approval?I live down the street from this small, family-run coffeeshop crepery, and have been going here since it opened several years ago.  I've had their savory crepes, the menu of which changes daily to account for the local, farm fresh and farmers' market obtained ingredients. I like how they always have great indie-emo music playing in the background, often bands that i like but have never heard of. Crepes are usually 6 to 8 bucks for the savory ones, they aren't filling enough for an entire meal if you're a tall dude, but for me, a petite little lady, it does make the tummy happy.  Always  good people watching potential from the window, and I like that you can sit at the counter looking out at the world or eat at their spanking new L shaped communal table.  The staff are always friendly (not to mention on the hot side, daddy hot).
5	So I was going to give a 4 star review, saying that I was deducting a point because the place was small and crowded, and because it took 25 minutes to get my food.Well you know what? The crepes were AMAZING. No wonder it was so crowded on a Sunday morning. And the guy at the counter did warn me there would be a long wait for a crepe. So I can't complain about that.So back to the crepes. I love that they use local, seasonal ingredients, and that their chalkboard even tells you what farm things are from. I had a simple ham, egg, and spinach crepe, but each ingredient was so flavorful, that it was far from basic. The ham was meaty and savory and good enough to eat on its own - no big chunks of fat or anything. The crepe batter was...whole wheat (maybe?)...and had an excellent taste - again, good enough to eat by itself.There were other options too - a vegetarian one with rainbow chard, and something else I'm forgetting. Too bad I don't live in Madison, but if I'm ever back there, I'll be back to sample the seasonal fare at Bradbury's.
4	The space is small but the crepes and lattes are dope. Super busy on the weekends so of you can hit up Bradburys during the week
4	This place has a comfortable interior (communal and bar type seating area), and the food is light and tasty.  I wish they had one in Chicago.  The parking is easy, customer service is fantastic, and their lattes are so good!  That is probably an understatement!  I had a crepe today that was filled with chocolate Nutella, bananas and almonds.  There is a little bit of a wait to make it, but it is well worth it.  The dough is not too thick as some places can do, and it has the perfect amount of ingredients with a nice crisp edge.  Their menu changes daily so they use the freshest local ingredients.  If you think you won't like whats on the menu for that day~phone first.  If you're in the mood for cozy, computer friendly, clean chill spot to have a coffee, latte, crepe, or fresh sandwich and beer, then try this place out.  I've been there twice already and will be sure to return.  Eight bucks for a wonderful crepe and a medium latte-who can beat that?!  This place beats and Starbucks around.
5	Imagine my delight when I first stopped in on a rainy day last fall for a cup of coffee and smelled the crepes cooking. I ordered a savory crepe, rabbit with winter vegetables, and it basically rocked my world. Since then I have returned for a few savory and one sweet (lemon curd) crepes, all have been delightful! Be warned, their menu is based on availability, and so that delicious savory crepe you had last time may not be served again.... but I think that is part of what makes it so interesting!Seating is a bit limited, as it is a small cafe/coffee shop, but if you don't mind hovering or sharing tables with strangers you will be fine. Oh, and they also have beer. Good beer.
5	Great coffee and savory breakfast crepes!
3	The coffee is delicious. The crepe was presented beautifully but gave me quite a tummy-ache afterwards. It's a neat place, but just tiny! I needed a place to settle in and do some work and maneuvering around the tiny space with my laptop bag was a pain! Good place to stop in, grab a coffee, and continue on your way, but not a hang out for hours kind of coffee shop. I agree with other reviewers that the crepe price was a couple bucks higher than what I would have liked to pay.
5	Great food, had the savory crepe for lunch. Been there for breakfast and had the bacon maple scone (simply perfection!). Go!
5	They seriously have the best coffee in Madison.  The crepes look delicious, but sadly I have to keep to a gluten-free diet and cannot eat the crepes.  Which is why only 4 stars... Maybe they could come up with a gluten free crepe option?EDIT: They can make any of the savory crepes gluten-free!  ...and they are just as delicious as I imagined them to be!
3	A lot smaller than I thought, so trying to cram in and find a seat is next to impossible; the people with laptops studying usually don't leave very often. But the coffee was great, very smooth and not served scalding hot. The food looked good although we didn't stay to find out, just way to crowded to be enjoyable.
3	There are some undeniably regrettable parallels between the protests for democracy in Egypt and elsewhere in the Arabic world, and what's going on in Wisconsin, but there are also some very important differences.  In the Middle East and North Africa, the protests are the result of an expansion of the literate middle class concomitant with growing social expectations, they're fighting for democracy.  In Wisconsin, we're an embattled middle class, fighting to preserve democracy in the workplace.  In Cairo, protesting is frightfully dangerous, and protective headgear for protesters is a must.  In Madison, the three main police agencies are very nice, polite, not at all dangerous, and silly headgear for protesters seems to be de rigueur. In Cairo, a lot of coffee shops and tea houses are shut down, and protesters would be limited to Turkish style coffee or Arabic style tea.  In Madison, there's an excellent, personable, unique bourgeois coffee shop serving organic fair trade coffee one block out from the state capital building (which is absolutely beautiful, protest or not) in literally every direction.        Okay, so if you're in need of a cappuccino, served properly in a dainty cup with saucer, finished with a leaf shaped mark of steamed milk, and you walked  due north of the capital building from your protest, then here's your place.  Its main advantage over the ludicrous plethora of other quaint little coffee shops playing independent indie-rock in this college town, is its location. For those who want to walk from the capital, it's very convenient.  Other pluses are, it is a sunny little location, with friendly competent staff, tasty crepes (using Wisconsin produce and cheese), I recommend the spinach, cheese and mushroom.  The somewhat cramped interior is ringed with seats facing out to the two streets for solitary drinkers and their notebook computers, but the center has an L shaped low table with unfixed stools, making it perfect for group project work.  When you're protesting to preserve worker rights with a bunch of teachers, you want to proofread your placards for spelling and punctuation, these tables are perfect for neatly fixing those inappropriate apostrophes on protest signs with colorful Sharpies.       It is a small location, but when I was in there, the turn-over was quick, and the coffee is excellent.  Although the location would seem to be convenient for the children's museum right next door, like most coffee shops, it's not really an appropriate place for young children, the space is tight, there's hot coffee everywhere, the tables are low, and "the grown-ups are talking here."  If you're looking for a longer, solitary, coffee drinking and reading hide-out, there are better places for that near by, with more comfortable seating.  The prices are pretty comparable to the other campus and downtown area coffee shops.     Okay, properly re-caffeinated, its time to return to the fight for democracy in the Wisconsin workplace.  And Cairo, I hope you get both democracy, and cappuccino, soon.
4	Tried it while I was in Madison a few weeks ago...great place!  Coffee was excellent - they know how to make a proper cappuccino, not the way-too-much-milk American kind (sorry to sound like a snob, but it's true!).  Had some really unique crepes, too...kind of stuff you wouldn't get elsewhere.  Only complaint was the space was a little cramped/cluttered and seating was an issue...if you're looking for an elegant Euro-style cafe this might not be the place for you.
4	went for the first time today. The space is open sunny and seems spacious despite the really small area. THe crepes were yummy and made with creative mixture of ingredients. The staff was friendly. My only complaint is that the crepes  were way too salty. I think they went overboard with the sea salt as I found numerous chunks of rock salt in my mouth-- even the chocolate crepe was very salty. I would still get the crepes again I would just ask them to go easy on the salt. I went with my 3 year old and her 10 year old cousin, yes, after we were at the children's museum and I think it was fine. I would go again with the kids (as long as there are no white tablecloths or crystal glasses on the table, then in my opinion, it is open to kids).
4	Before I start - wish I could give them 4.5 stars. They lose half a star for uncomfortable seating. The new stools made my butt go numb. Anyhow, the coffee is REALLY delicious. I've never had a latte, americano, or anything else that didn't totally hit the spot. Next, the crepes are wonderful. I've heard complaints that they're too small for what you pay. Really though, they're completely filling, and full of really high quality ingredients. I think you DO get what you pay for.Additionally, it's a wonderful place to get work done, especially during the "slow" times (early-mid morning on weekdays, and late afternoons on the weekend...as long as it's not the day of a major protest on the Capitol), they play wonderful music, and a few of the stools at the counter have views of Mendota. All around wonderful.
5	Here, I had the best cup of coffee I've had in months, and the best crepes I've had since I was in France.  It took a little while (due to the small kitchen space), but it was well worth the wait.  I got a savory crepe with lentils and mushrooms, and it was a fantastic light breakfast.  One word of warning: There is not a lot of seating.  Be ready to wait for a seat.
5	Hands down, the best coffee in Madison.  All of the baristas here are supremely skilled- the lattes boast the smoothest foam in town and the espresso shots are technically perfect and quite tasty to boot. The chai's also good- and my daughter loves their rich hot chocolate!I have tried all kinds of crepes at Bradbury's-- their rotating chalkboard menu riffs on what's seasonally appropriate.  Among the most memorable are curried root vegetables and lentils with yogurt cheese, prosciutto and aged cheddar with scrambled eggs, italian sausage with wilted greens and ramps... I could go on and on, actually, because I've never had a crepe at Bradbury's that wasn't delicious.  My daughter prefers the sweet crepes, which also vary, though I believe there's always a dark chocolate/sea salt (mmmm).  I appreciate the precision of the coffee and the focused, solidly filling, affordable food, but the atmosphere's also great.  In the afternoon, the tall ceilings and walls of windows make it a bright, cheery spot to sit and the staff is very friendly.  Bradbury's is a great coffee shop with restaurant quality food-- I make an effort to go at least once a week.
4	I really appreciate food establishments that specialize in a certain item, and do it incredibly well.  Bradbury's crepes are done exquisitely. The sweet and the savory crepes alike are to die for.  I've had both and have never been anything less than satisfied.  All the ingredients are fresh, locally sourced, and manipulated in the best possible way.  They serve Kickapoo coffee--which is always fantastic.  Their cold press coffee has a delicious hint of maple to it.  It can get really busy and crowded, especially on a Farmer's Market Saturday.  The seating is a bit tight and uncomfortable, but charming nonetheless.  I love taking people here because they are always impressed.
5	Great coffee and espresso.Some of the best crepes I've tasted.  The menu changes.  The nutella and raspberries-  lovely, but a bit too sweet when we got to the middle.Bacon, mixed greens, heirloom tomatoes, aioli with fried egg- AWESOME!Bradbury's will be a regular stop whenever we visit Madison...
5	Great espresso drinks and delicious fresh Crepes.
5	Excellent lattes, and yummy scones. Love this place.
4	Bradbury's is a cool triangle-shaped hipster holder with excellent local food. Delightfully salty crepes and strong expresso. Great people watching.
5	Intimate, cozy space with floor to ceiling windows. The best crepes I've had, and amazing coffee. They work with seasonal ingredients; I ordered the smoked trout + arugula + ground cherries + brebis crepe with a fried egg - over easy just the way I like it. Limited hours and the small space doesn't really encourage students/workers to camp out here, but it's a pleasant stop-over on a sunny weekend.
3	Great intentions, but bad follow through.  The savory crepes sound amazing, but the actual crepes were lackluster with unbalanced ingredients.  The sweeter crepes are hard to mess up and are good.  Staff was very friendly, but the seating was crowded.  House-made chai was top notch causing me to immediately gulp it and want another.
3	Anyone serving pumpkin anything gets points in my book, and on this day there were pumpkin crepes.  I can't complain about my latte either.I agree with some others I've seen about the atmosphere - cozy and intimate yet sunny and kinda mod.  The wi-fi is free but sloooow.  I lost connection and left after I got through my coffee since I needed the internet and was failing to get anywhere with it.
3	A little cramped for sitting to eat and do work, but Bradbury's still has a cool atmosphere.I really admire the concept and think they have awesome, creative ideas - but there is definitely room for improvement. I think it's really great when a place finds a niche. In Bradbury's case, it's coffee and crepes. However, if you have one focus, you're expected to nail it! ...and I really felt like our crepes were lacking!I had the chicken mole crepe with spinach, yogurt, and a fried egg. The egg was perfectly cooked (still runny in the center) and the chicken had great flavor, but the crepe was still dry. Also, the spinach was way too stem-y. Pick your greens, please! There were more stems than leaves.My significant other had the kale and mushroom crepe, and his was beyond dry. Nowhere near enough cheese to be noticed, and the mushrooms were undercooked.My cappucino was absolutely incredible though as was my partner's chai!Like I said, very creative ideas - they just need to work on their execution.
4	As everyone else has already said, Bradbury's has excellent coffee and espresso, really a step above.  My only complaint is that my Flat White was not hot enough. It's a small drink, and by my second sip it was pretty much cold. Not sure what happened there, but it wouldn't keep me from going back. If you like your espresso HOT, I recommend inquiring about the temperature.If there are any baked goods coming out of the oven while you are placing your order, add it to your order. We got the best oatmeal chocolate chip cookie ever, and I don't even care about oatmeal cookies.Also, who is doing Japanese siphon coffee in the upper Midwest? Bradbury's is!
5	What a welcome to Madison.Best latte I've ever had, in any city, in any country, on any continent. Maybe they enabled "magic, unicorns, and rainbows" mode on the espresso machine that morning. Not sure. But what emerged was really really good.I was a fatty that morning (with 5 hours of jet lag making breakfast into lunch) and got two crepes. The crepes pandered right to some of my veggie loves: sweet pumpkin in one, savory parsnips and other roots in the other. Both great. Not cheap, but great.This is on my short list of knockout places encountered while on business travels.
4	I was just Yelping random restaurants around the hotel we were staying for the night and Bradbury's came up on the list with pretty high ratings.  Seeing that they have crepes, my bf and I set out to try the place the next morning for brunch before we have to head home.The place is kinda small with a very hipster vibe.  If I am not mistaken, all the people working there either have skinny jeans on with plaid shirts or something from Urban Outfitters.  But hey, I am not there to shop but there for their crepes.  They have a very limited menu due to the fact that everything is from the local farms.  One wall even lists out all the local places they get their stuff from.  Today, where were only 3 savory crepes to choose from.  We tried the Scrambled eggs with shiitake mushrooms, fresh spinach and muenster.  The crepe was amazing and piping hot.  The shittake mushroom were satayed with onions to give them an extra kick and lightly salted with salt and pepper.  Adding all the ingredients together in a crepe definitely made it a very flavorful meal and a good one too.  The only downside is that it looks like they can only make two crepes at a time, therefore, if you go during a busy hour, you might have to wait a bit for the crepes.  Luckily there weren't that many people in the restaurant and our crepes came out after about a 10-15 minutes wait.I did tried a cup of the cappuccino while waiting for the crepes and they were okay.  A little pricy for a 5oz cup but the person taking our orders did inform me of that.Definitely will visit again to try their sweet crepes when I am in the area again.
4	What I immediately appreciated was that there was a parking structure right across the street from the Cafe. The place is TINY and is set up with more communal type tables. So if you don't like getting cozy with your neighbor (when it is busy) pick a different place. It would however be a shame because they do make a mean cup of coffee. As I understand it their crepes change based on what ingredients are available. i had the ham, brie, spinach crepe with the egg on top. It was absolutely delicious. Not heavy (as they did not laden a bunch of sauce on it)...the Buchemel (sp?) sauce I believe...that is traditionally used; but instead made sure that the egg was a bit runny. Goodness gracious if that was not one of the yummiest bites I have had. The persons that visit this place are just that people. Everyone was very friendly.Good stuff. I would absolutely come back.
4	Fantastic coffee and crepes, beautiful staff, great view, a downright lovely place.
5	I find these guys constantly competing with Johnson Public House for pretentiousness, hipster-dom, and most importantly--coffee quality. The crepes are good, but I'd say that most of Bradbury's customers go there for the coffee...it's fantastic. If you want a great experience, spend a little more for the pourover or Japanese Siphon...they may take longer to make, but the taste is more than worth it.The quality of the beans they use are fantastic--Kickapoo is a local roaster and provides single-origin beans. Add to the fact that they've got a guest espresso on every week, and there's no reason not to frequent this place!UPDATE: So, to those complaining about the rudeness of the people who work there--that's usually the first sign that you're at a place that serves incredible coffee. It took me about 3 months (really) to work myself into their good graces, but now I'm on good terms with them and always get fantastic services.In short: deal with the attitude, because the coffee quality is vastly superior.
3	Disclaimer:  I have not eaten hereI was in Madison this past weekend and I was thrilled to read that a local restaurant did gluten-free crepes.  I called Bradbury's just in case to check.  I asked if they were able to prepare gluten-free crepes and they said "yes, but it's basically just eggs with crepe filling"  That was fine, but, when I asked how they were prepared I was informed that they used the same crepe spinner that they use for normal crepes.  Moreover they are unable to wash it in between.  Long story short, Bradbury's does NOT accommodate gluten free people and does not understand cross-contamination.  Just wanted to get the word out so that no one gets sick.
5	Great service! They were very helpful with recommendations, and chatty without over-doing it. Their savory Crepes were delicious, and the mocha was perfect.
5	Came back after a while on a recent visit back to Madison, and I have to say, the uncomfortable seats didn't matter anymore.This place still has the best coffee and some of the most talented baristas in town (and the best drip coffee I've had period), plus the crepes are top notch, the service is friendly, and the atmosphere is awesome. It was a bit crowded (meaning, a bit dangerous to weave through people with my hot drink), but for good reason. The best!
3	The crepes are delicious, both sweet and savory alike. Price is fair for the portion size and since they're constantly changing up the menu, I can't even guarantee a recommendation that will still be there when you come around. The sea salt and caramel crepe is very memorable and just about every crepe that uses goat cheese, cream fraiche, or anything similar will exceed your highest expectations.But if the reviewer who compares Bradbury's clientele to Cairene protesters without ever having entered an Egyptian coffeeshop himself isn't evidence enough (yeah, we've got espressos, cappuccinos, lattes, americanos...we fucking invented coffee), this place is a haven for hipsters who are in love with the smell of their own farts. I've found the service to be very pretentious and impatient every single time I've come here. The baristas act as if you're burdening them with your presence; God forbid I ask them a question. If you pay with a card, and their cold glares and unsolicited comments don't do it already, their checkout iPad will hold you hostage for a fat tip without the option of inputting your own amount. If you're gonna be such pricks about it, adopt a cash-only policy. It makes me feel unwelcome and I visit far less often than I would like to as a result.
2	I was not impressed by Bradbury's. The atmosphere was cool, but the seating situation was not ideal. Considering how long it took me to get my meal (which was just tea and a crepe), the lack of chairs without back support was kind of a bummer. I agree with earlier reviewers that the staff was pretty stand-offish; they seemed awfully tense for people who get to make crepes for a living. As far as the crepes themselves go: they were crepes. Standard, middle-of-the-line crepes. I ordered a sweet rhubarb crepe and tried some of my friend's trout crepe, and both of them were pretty average. They were good, but hardly worth the prices that were charged for them. Bradbury's: All I'm saying is you can get comparable crepes elsewhere without the uncomfortable seats and snobby staff.
5	Do you wear light flannel in the summer and listen to Decembrists? This place is for you! But really, if you're looking for atmosphere maybe you'll go to Michelangelo's. But if you want straight up well made coffee and vegetarian breakfasts, this is the place.
5	Excellent atmosphere and great coffee and crepes!  Cool place to hang out and do some work. Highly recommend!
4	Savory crepe tasted very good, and so did iced pourover coffee. But the crepe seemed a little too thick.
4	Crepes are delicious, fresh, and worth the wait! Seating is a little cramped, but there are not too many other options in such a small space.
3	This is the perfect place to go early on a Saturday winter morning for some coffee and crepes. The place is really small and warm during the winter, which makes it cozy.  I actually really like the big wooden tables and open space feeling that the shop has.  The crepes are actually really good, I don't think I've tried a one that I didn't really like.  The coffee is not bad either, and I run in frequently to get a cup to go.However...the staff is not inviting at all. I almost feel like I am invading their space by going into their shop. I have no idea how out of all the coffee shops in Madison that I've been to this is the one that feels the most presumptuous, I love Barriques and Johnson Public House. Because the place is so small it's also not a good coffee shop to go for working.  They have a bar and I've seen some people take their laptops in there but you might as well walk a few blocks to any of the many coffee shops within walking distance.
4	The crepes here were fresh and good- not the best, but pretty good.  It is a small space but it's open, airy and clean.I am giving this place 4 stars after debating giving it 3 stars because the crepe stuffed with tomatoes, mozzarella and bacon, topped with a fried egg, was really, really good.  My own crepe was good, but not amazing- I wish I had ordered the tomato/bacon crepe!  My own ratatouille crepe was just OK, nothing spectacular, and pretty plain.   I got their iced chai which was good, and their "sweet" crepe with the dark chocolate, caramel and sea salt was just OK, not as caramely as I would like.
4	Yes, yes, hipsters everywhere. But you don't have to talk to them while savoring crepe-y goodness.They ring you up on an iPad, which I always find cute in a small shop and tends to amaze most when they get a receipt via text.Anyways, ordered a skim iced mocha and the tomato/egg/bacon/greens/aioli savory crepe. My companions got the cinnamon sugar and salted caramel/chocolate sweet crepes. We all traded bites, the verdict was...YUMMY. The cooks were kind enough to scramble my egg well done like I asked, and it was really cool watching them make the crepes one by one on the giant griddles behind the register, although you can imagine this made for slower service. Totally worth the wait though while I sipped my refreshing, delicious, well-made mocha from a mason jar.Excellent corner location with large windows and bar seating for people watching outside.
5	Every city needs more places like this. Crepes (sweet and savory), coffee, and brews in the fridge - perfect. Throw in a cozy atmosphere with friendly service and you have a perfect breakfast or brunch spot.I had the brat crepe, which...yes, you heard me correctly: brat crepe. It comes with...um, why do you look so confused? Of course it was freaking delicious! The brat + sauteed onions (which I substituted for the sauerkraut) nicely complimented what was an absolutely perfect crepe. The addition of an over-easy egg on top was like a cherry on a sundae, and the spicy mustard on the side was the chocolate syrup. The pickled zucchini was a very interesting and creative side. I don't often like pickled items, but this was real tasty.Wait, are you heading there to grab this amazing culinary creation right now? Well, better check their website to see what their offerings are, as this isn't always on the menu. But you should go regardless, as I'm certain anything they make will be delicious. You'll be sure to find me here the next time I'm in Madison.
4	First of all THEY DON'T DO GLUTEN FREE CREPES, they simply give you the stuff that is inside, without the crepe.  Just throwing that out there.That said, I have had the crepes (my partner is GF, I'm not) and they are pretty damn amazing.  The sweet crepes are $3-6 and savory are $6-9.  Not super filling but very satisfying.  Some of the best coffee in town is here and the price reflects it.  The drinks are smaller than other places but the same price.  Atmosphere is very hip and modern, with large windows [everywhere] and rustic wood on the ceilings and for their tables.  The place is pretty warm because of the crepes and coffee making make the small space get pretty steamy.  Also, you usually have to share a table with someone so you might be close to other people (also warm).Great place to go with one other person but for a group, I wouldn't do it because the seating just isn't there.  Super awesome for breakfast if you go early.
5	Go with a friend and share one sweet and one savory crepe. I love the nutella banna for the sweet and have yet to try a savory i did not enjoy.
4	Looking for one of the best cups in town? Head to Bradbury's. Right now.They primarily serve up Kickapoo coffee, brewed in a variety of ways: drip, pour-over, or a few other methods (if you ask nicely).  Bradbury's also offers a couple espressos, one is always their proprietary blend from Kickapoo and a guest roaster.  Definitely one of the better places in town to get a shot.Bradbury's also offers a rotating menu of crepes, scones and/or muffins. Everything is seasonal, made from scratch and totally delicious.  The savory crepes change frequently; the sweet crepes, not so much.  Make sure to check out the savory crepes in the late summer when local produce is abundant.
4	Fresh coffee, a crepe (sweet or savory) and sitting looking out to the intersection. A perfect start to the day.The place is TINY and is set up with more communal type tables along with window bar seating. So if you don't like getting cozy with your neighbor (when it is busy) pick a different place. It would however be a shame because they do make a mean cup of coffee. They've got a guest espresso on every week.The crepe menu changes weekly, sometimes daily, completely based on what's fresh and available. The crepes are the best I've had since spending 2 weeks in France. The prices meant seem high but the same with the coffee they are consistently the best.  Not overly cakey but not too crisp either. With just the right amount of filling so everything can shine. When ever they have one with a fried egg im game. The runny yolk ends up being the perfect sauce. They also got scones and muffins too if you fancy them.
5	Happy to report that Bradbury's is still killin' it. Why 5 stars? I had one of the best espressos I've had in a long while.  And I'm a newfound fan of their scones. yum.Even though it's super out of my way, I'm going every morning for my fuel. They serve one of the best and most consistent cups in town.  I've noticed they've been rotating in some tasty coffees from other roasters lately.  Go check 'em out.
4	Wow. That's what you'll say after you experience Bradbury's. My fiancee loves the coffee here, but I am such a fan of their crepes, which are very original. They kept changing their savory crepe menu, so I had to keep going back to try them. But the sweet crepes remained relatively constant. I can't give any recommendations here because all the crepes are amazing. It definitely wouldn't hurt to try them all. Though my fiancee's favorite is probably the dark chocolate, caramel, and sea salt sweet crepe.You can kind of make a meal out of the savory crepes, but it's not the same deal with the sweet ones. They are relatively small. I usually go for one savory and one sweet whenever I'm at Bradbury's. The only thing keeping me from giving this place a full five stars is because of the cramped spacing and the super long waits. If you get hungry, the long waits kind of kill you because the crepes are, as I mentioned, kind of small.
5	Good crepes that change regularly and the coffee is really good.  It is a bit of a hipster spot but the coffee is totally worth it.  Did I mention the coffee is good?  Seriously, get the coffee.
4	This place is cozily a block off the square.  The staff is friendly and while I was not a big fan of their coffee, they have a decent menu of other items.  The prices are not outrageous and they have wifi.  So if you have a bit of time to kill, check out this place.  I have not tried their specialty coffee items.  I am really excited to delve into their menu more.  This is a corner coffee shop that makes me comfortable and it is very welcoming.  I have not bad that same feeling in the coffee shops in the morning. Usually places try to get you in and out.  Bradbury's invites you to stay.
3	I've been happy with Bradbury's ever since I started coming here during my first year of professional school.  It was always a dependable place to get a tasty crepe to curb my cravings, whether sweet or savory.  Quality of the final food product has always been great and consistent.  The coffee usually is pretty ok for drip (individually prepared cups are better); however I can't ignore my last two visits during late afternoons.  Both times, I was in a bind, so a pour-over wasn't an option.  I ignored the crappy tasting coffee the first time since I figured that all good establishments have off days every now and then.  But my last visit a few days ago, my cup of Kickapoo Rwanda tasted like rancid jet fuel.  Bradbury's a four star establishment, overall, but they lose one for serving old, nasty drip coffee......
4	It's true, among the Lazy Janes and the Marigolds, I often forget about Bradbury's for breakfast/brunch but after my last visit, it is permanently etched into my morning meal radar.  True, the place can be cramped (hence the deduction of a star) and it can ooze hipster but the food and coffee is spectacular.Let's start with the coffee.  Roasted by Kickapoo Coffee, the drip coffee was some of the best in Madison.  For coffee purists, there are also options for pour over, french press, Japanese siphon, etc.Now, onto the crepes.  They are divided into either sweet or savory and I tried one from each category.  The first was a dark chocolate, caramel, and sea salt piece of decadence.  The flavors blended well together...the richness of the chocolate and caramel cut into by the sea salt.  The second was a crepe filled with roasted beets, chevre, spinach, sunflower seeds topped with a fried egg.  Again, Bradbury's hit the mark.With the focus of locally sourced ingredients paired with great coffee, you can't go wrong with anything put out by the kitchen,
5	The coffee is still excellent and the crepes still good. This is one of the few places I can drink the drip coffee black. On the savory crepes, they serve fried eggs sunny side up or over easy - the way all eggs should come - instead of asking you how you want it. This might be a bit snobby for some, but for this runny yolk lover it is the intelligent choice.  Seasonal ingredients like sprouted lentils and rainbow chard are tasteful and nutritious. Also, it is a breakfasty place open past 2pm on Sundays. +10 points, Bradbury's!A small warning about the honey butter sea salt crepe - if it's too salty for you, don't finish it! Or you might find yourself on Google later, "what to do when I've eaten too much salt."
5	Well, I've been living a block and a half away from Bradbury's for about a year and a half now, and my rating remains the same! I am going to miss the hell out of this place when I depart from Madison in a few months.Same pretentious hipster vibe, same obsessiveness about coffee, same incredible beans. I'll say it again--if you're feeling adventurous, get the Japanese siphon! Produces amazing coffee.Drawback: I got the dark chocolate and sea salt crepes. They were...too rich. Yeah, I know--that's what I'm whining about. How silly.
5	Best crepe we have had everIt is simple and delicious If you want big portion plenty of whatever sauces I dun think you gonna like it thoughFrom what I see this place offers food with healthy ingredients, smaller but enough portion, less salt less sugar less fatLatte was a beautiful endingThey made my day for the last 4th of July weekend
4	The crepes are good/great. But you probably already know that.
4	Back in the day when I played "The Sims", I noticed that their happiness always increased when they walked into an architecturally pleasing space. The same can be said about mine when I walked into this oddly shaped, concrete and steel inspired restaurant of crepe goodness. Being the crack, excuse me, caffeine addict that I am (I already had about 6 cups that morning), I was jonesing for more coffee the minute I opened the door. I acquired my coffee and made my way over to corner portion of the window bar to get my creep-on of passer-byes as I waited for my food.Before I ordered, I hmmed and hawed for a while over getting sweet or savory. I ultimately decided on the savory side of the crepe world and settled on the Spinach/Parsley Pesto/Fresh Mozzarella/Scrambled Eggs. My breakfast date went with the White Beans/Italian Sausage/Winter Spinach w/ a Fried Egg. I loved mine, and I liked his even more. One of us should have ordered a sweet crepe, but I didn't want my fat kid at heart coming out too early in the day. Sauntering in there just after 11, we (barely) managed to avoid the after church crowd (wait, do hipsters even go to church?)/waking up with a hangover crowd. My biggest gripe is also one of the things I loved most about the place: the shape and size. I appreciate that they have a trendy metal ladder to store things on the second floor above the kitchen, but the weird angles make for awkward and tight seating. The lack of satchel hooks on the breakfast bar also saddened me as I like to put my hobo bag somewhere while I feed myself. I'll be back. Hopefully when it is not pouring out so I can really take full advantage of people watching through the beautiful glass windows.
4	Charming spot. Good to get some proper coffee so far from home. The creeps look good- smell good too. Next time I'll skip the crab hotel breakfast and eat here.
5	Ever since St. Patty's weekend, I've started waking up early to grab brunch. At first, it was more to fill up my stomach after a heavy night of drinking, but lately, it's become more of a goal to try out more brunch places.Because Madison has such amazing brunch, it's really hard for me to crown a favorite. However, if I were to ever pick a favorite, I might have to go with Bradbury's.Bradbury's is a cozy little joint right off of the corner of the Capitol on N. Hamilton St.The place is small, so seating can get crowded. Sharing tables with other people is encouraged, and you can meet some really awesome people, like a hungover me :pAnyways, I got a cup of pourover coffee and their nutella banana almond crepe. I went with their medium roast, which immediately warmed (and woke) me up on a cold morning. The coffee was brewed perfectly, and the taste was smooth and earthy. I was enjoying my coffee so much that I almost completely forgot about my crepe.Good thing my stomach reminded me, and I started digging into my meal. The crepe was folded over itself beautifully, with nutella spread out artfully on top. It was accompanied by a dollop of whip cream and bits of powdered sugar. The first bite of the crepe might have been one of the happiest moments of my life. Having been to France and having sampled countless of crepes, I could confidently say Bradbury's makes some of the best crepes out there. The crepe was soft and thin, which most crepes should be, but still firm enough to hold all of its fruits without falling apart, which most crepes fail at. The warmed up pieces of banana clung to the crepe like honey, and really meshed well with the texture and taste. There wasn't too much nutella, which most of the time would be a bad thing, but in this case, kept the meal light and fluffy. Speaking of fluffy, the whip cream was definitely the icing on the cake, providing that extra level of sweetness.
4	The crepes were delicious, and I was impressed with the unique fillings in the savory crepe I ordered. The fried egg on top was a nice touch and was cooked to perfection.     The only regret my husband and I had was that we wish we would have ordered a sweet crepe to split along with our savory crepes.  It seems like a cool atmosphere, but the seating in the middle is really awkward.  Sharing a table with a bunch of random people didn't bother me, but the seats were a weird/uncomfortable height, and it felt really crammed.  I would opt for a window seat next time.  This is a good place to go alone or with one other person, but I wouldn't recommend going here with a group.
5	Seating is limited, but if you go when it's not too busy, you'll have an amazing experience. The coffee and the crepes are both excellent. The prosciutto crepe, in particular, is really delicious. I can't wait to go back!
4	Coffee is amazing and the crepes are wonderful.  Great vegetarian options and love the touch of fried egg on top!
5	Great coffee, hot chocolate and beautiful latte's.Crepes are worth the wait whether savory or sweet.Seating  is limited so don't invite a whole group to join you there.  Staff has been polite even when under pressure from the line and full room of customers.Excellent treat for after farmer's market or Kids Museum.
4	Sweet goodness. Well, that's only because I tried the Nutella, Banana, Almond crepe. (I wanted to [also?] try the goat cheese, beet, egg, etc. savory crepe, but the lady's preference won out... no surprise :P). But it was a damn good crepe. I actually had never had Nutella before, and though I probably won't run to try it again (like I said, I wanted the goat cheese, dammit!), tasting it in almost-Elvis crepe form was a good experience (PB would really have been better).The coffee, however, was something I'd happily return for. I always appreciate a good cup, especially when I'm told the country of origin of the beans. If you don't mind waiting a few extra minutes, soak up the pour-over (or something even better if you also don't mind a few extra coins). Also, I really liked the atmosphere. Bradbury's is a bit off the downtown scene (but that meant it was less crowded, even during the Market hours), and it is a little small and triangular, but it felt (to me) very unpretentious, despite the probably pretentious ingredients offered in some crepes (again, I return to goat che... "chevre"). But seriously, it was a very chill place to have a java and read about the city. During a weekend trip to Madison, it fit right in.
4	You have to try their espresso. Black. Or should I say caramel? Mmm...Savory crepes are interesting but not outstanding. Did I mention their espresso?
4	Bradbury's is the perfect combination of a small, cozy coffee shop with natural light and a feeling of space and cleanliness. The floor to ceiling windows on three of the four sides of the coffee shop let in lots of sunlight and are perfect for reading or people watching. In regards to coffee, I ordered a cappuccino -- it was just slightly smaller than expected, and there wasn't as much steamed foam on top as I would like, but otherwise, it was good. Also, Bradbury's has the advantage of being a few minutes walk to James Madison Park, so after a few hours of coffee and doing work, I can walk over to the park to just relax.
5	By far the best coffee in Madison. Bradbury's would be notable in many major cities, so the fact that it's tucked away into a somewhat off-the-beaten-track location in Madison, WI, of all places, makes it stand out that much more.Very high quality coffee from the beans to the preparation, and the vibe always seems friendly. Relatively few places really nail everything -- coffee, food, ambiance -- but I think Bradbury's gets close. The savory crepes I've had were always good, and the space, while small, is prime for taking in some mid-morning sun over a coffee and a light meal. A gem.
5	When I moved to Madison circa August 2012 I tried Bradbury's and didn't love it. It rubbed me the wrong way. (Can we pause for a sec and talk about how odd that phrase is. Would you ever say "man ____ [fill in the blank] totally rubs me the right way" about a place you really love? I may start doing that.) Anyway, I felt the space was uber cramped, I thought the vibe was super pretentious and I wasn't blown away by the coffee. But I went back last week for a meeting and I've been back twice since. So what changed? I changed. *What was once an awkward concrete jungle with corners that jut out in every direction and furniture that makes no sense now feels like a concrete hug that envelops me when I'm there. It's quirky. I love it. *I've found a happy little spot in a stool looking out on Hamilton and if you're in my seat when I get there I will hurt you. *The guys and gals behind the counter aren't pretentious like I once thought, they're obsessed with coffee and crepes. And to be honest, if you are obsessed with something and have an incredible knowledge about it AND you're also really good at delivering solid results you can be pretentious. *And as for the coffee, well... my bad the first time around. It's actually quite incredible. Now that I've experienced more espresso in Madison, I can safely say it's some of the best in town, certainly the best on the square. Moral of the story: If at first you don't succeed try, try again. Odds are over time someone will rub you the right way.
4	Cute place. Creeps are good. The quality of the coffee has gone down, but still decent for Madison.
2	In general, I'm not a big fan of crepes, especially sweet ones. However, Bradbury's does carry savory crepes, and I was craving a work space with lots of light and some iced tea, so I came here today for a change from my usual coffeehouse rotation.The space itself has very high ceilings, exposed duct-work, a unisex bathroom, and two walls consisting of floor-to-ceiling windows. It's not unlike eating in a greenhouse, and was very welcome on an overcast day like this, when natural light is difficult to find. The staff is very friendly and helpful (I accidentally dropped a coin in my iced tea at the counter, and the server poured me a new one over my "oh, I don't want to be difficult" protestations, which was a nice gesture). The single-occupancy bathroom is clean and not constantly occupied, given the dining area's small size. The restaurant keeps a list of the local farms from which they source their ingredients, which I appreciated. The food menu isn't huge, but there are multiple options for both sweet and savory crepes. I'm not sure they even could have a bigger menu, given the extraordinarily small kitchen in the place. To their credit, they even make scones and muffins in the tiny space as well (options today included Nutella muffins, and both dark chocolate and lemon-poppy-seed scones). There isn't a lot of sound-dampening, but the small space effectively limits the noise, and the overhead music is kept to a reasonable volume, and is not obtrusive. There are a number of outlets along the walls, and the breakfast-bar area along the windows is a great space to work. There's one small table which seats up to three, and an L-shaped long table configuration for larger groups or shared space seating. The chairs and stools are quite small, hard, and uncomfortable, though. My butt's going numb as I type.I ordered the pastrami crepe (which also contains sauerkraut, spicy Dijon mustard, pickled ramps, and a fried egg) and some mint rooibos iced tea. They did have two iced teas today, though they weren't on the menu, so it never hurts to ask, especially in summer. I was a little skeptical of the mint rooibos iced tea, having had both mint and rooibos tea, but never together. It tasted great, though, and the mint flavor was very refreshing on a languid, humid day. There was also a caffeinated black iced tea, in case you need more of a morning jolt. My companion had a latte and another savory crepe, which contained pesto, scrambled eggs, asparagus, and fresh mozzarella. The crepes were nearly room-temperature when they came out, though they were whisked directly to our spaces from the kitchen. My companion's pesto crepe had good flavors, but the pesto was cold, the mozzarella wasn't melted at all, and the large quantity of pesto was so overwhelming that it was difficult to taste much else. The asparagus was fresh and cooked perfectly, though. The stalks weren't too thick, which prevents them from tasting too woody or bitter, and the ends were clipped an appropriate amount. It could have used some more garlic and pepper flavors, less pesto, and a bit more heat. My crepe was a welcome slap to the senses - I love Dijon mustard and sauerkraut, and the pickled ramps were packed with flavor, though these ingredients could easily overwhelm a more delicate palate, especially in the morning. The pastrami was pretty gray and tough, though. The pickled ramps were also a mess to cut. The egg was cooked over medium, but they will serve over-easy eggs and rare or medium-rare meat if you request it (though I believe the pastrami was pre-cooked). It also could have stood to have more pepper, especially the pastrami, which was noticeably under-seasoned and almost unrecognizable as such. It was alright, but I'd likely order something else next time - maybe even a sweet crepe, since Yelpers seem much more enthusiastic about those. My companion liked his latte, though, and it looked beautiful, with lots of crema and perfectly-steamed milk.I don't see myself coming here regularly, but if sweet crepes and hot drinks are your idea of a great breakfast, you'd probably enjoy it more than I did.
5	My third update: still the best coffee in Madison. Why go anywhere else when you can have some of the best-brewed coffee in the country?Don't go anywhere else. Go here. That is all.
5	Really good Ethiopian French press and the cinnamon crepe was very worth the time. Small space and busy place means you may have to wait if you're looking for something beyond a simple drip on the go, but I'm for quality and this place has it.
2	Not sure what the hype is here.  We showed up on a Sunday around 10am just looking for some crepes and coffee.  Well, almost 30 min later...still no crepes.  In fact, I had to give away most of my pot of French Press coffee to the very lucky folks sitting next to me because that took about 20 minutes to get.  I cancelled the crepe order as we had to leave and they thankfully refunded us the paid in advance price.  The lemon curd scone was good but not standout.  I don't blame the folks working behind the counter, just the fact that they need two or three more and a couple more crepe machines.  Seriously, if your schtick is crepes, you need to have those puppies up and ready within five minutes or so.  Fail.
4	"WE WANT CREPES," demanded my co worker. "Creeps?"My coworker stared at me in hostile desperation, void of any appreciation of my bad joke.So we marched across the square, and we ended up at this charming corner store. Coworker appeased. It's rather cozy, but has high ceilings (i keep repeating this in like every review, but MAN I LOVE HIGH CEILINGS)We all had savory crepes. I had a crazy strawberry-prosciutto-fried egg crepe. What a crazy combo! Plus, the coffee looks top notch! THey have siphon coffee!Just a couple downsides:- it's cramped. - It's really hot in there on a summer dayBUT really. would those things stop you from having a nice crepe? not me.
4	This little corner of the Capitol is perfectly suited for a delicious weekend brunch or a midday pick-me-up with a friend.Come here if:  You are in the mood for something absolutely delicious:  Over a dozen options for crepes made with fresh ingredients, savory, sweet, and running the gamut in between.  The world's also your oyster as far as caffeine-from-bean extraction methods are concerned, ranging from the traditional drips and espressos to the Japanese siphon and cold press.Don't come here if:  You are in the mood for a more intimate, formal setting.  As great as this creperie is with their food, your seating choices within this living-room sized locale is limited to sharing the bar space along the window, or sharing the bench that sits in the middle of the room.Also don't come too hungry, as one crepe isn't enough to be a dinner for most, but two crepes may leave you avoiding this corner of the capitol for a month or so.Wear: Whatever you want.  Bohemia is alive and kicking here.  You will be sharing oxygen with people ranging from backpack slinging students to a suit who stepped out of the Capitol building for a quick lunch.
5	Service was great. They were very helpful with coffee suggestions. We both had the Kale, cherry tomatoes, corn  frying peppers and mozzarella crepe loaded with veggies. The dark chocolate and raspberry crepe we split - heavenly. The combined flavors of chocolate, raspberry and homemade whipped cream were perfectly balanced. Sweet but not too sweet.  Great meal that made it worth the wait.
5	Really good savory crepes. My only wish is there'd be more fresh fruit options for dessert, but the sea salt, caramel, and chocolate makes me forget that.
5	One of my favorite places in Madison. Perfect cappuccino and some of the best, most inventive creeps I've ever had (smoked trout, roasted sungold tomatoes, sheeps milk brebis, local greens with a fried egg on top).  They use ingredients from local farms and the people working are always great.  Can't say enough about the quality of the food in this little spot.
4	9/26/13 Wife and I biked downtown to Bradbury's (latte for her - 16oz French press for me).  We struck it rich with their caffeinated black gold!
4	Delicious crepes! A friend and I went here for breakfast after the farmers market and were not disappointed. Both savory and sweet are scrumptious. Between the 2 of us we had the prosciutto and pumpkin, kale and butternut squash and a dark chocolate caramel sea salt crepe. Coffee is great too and the atmosphere cant be beat!
5	Still haven't tried the crepes and the scones look AMAZING.However, I'm a purist about coffee. These people know what they're doing. Kickapoo is a great roast to start. Then, they take care to measure and grind to the specific pour process. The result is a balanced, caramel, sweet; yet punchy cup of glory.Boom.
5	The dark chocolate, caramel, and sea salt crepe is my new reason to return to Madison. And perhaps my demise, should I ever become all buff and adverse to delicious heaven-sent food. Loved the chill vibe, locally-sourced food philosophy, and savory coffee too.Please stick around, Bradbury's. I only visit central Wisconsin every few years. You are the New Glarus of crepes!!!
5	LOVE this place! combines 2 of my favs: windows - it's totally windows.  corner - it's like sitting inside a triangle.a big communal table in the middle if you're feeling social; solo stools for street-gazing, philosophical-contemplating if you're not. it's easy, chalkboard menu - crepes done delish.and then they do what every place should do but doesn't:they  b r e w  their chai.  i love that i never know what kind of scone they'll have.i love that when i ask for lemon, they peek their head into a little closet kitchen and say, 'nope, guess not today.'it's small and cozy and bright and the stools around that big table remind me of the ones i had in elementary school art class - and i loved art class.i feel happy just walking in the door 'cause i know it's gonna be good.
3	Stopped into Bradbury's because it was the convenient choice - it was across the street from a friend's apartment before we left Madison to road trip back to Chicago.  We weren't aware of the limited menu or how long it would take for the food to be prepared (everything is prepared fresh on the spot, which is great, just more time-consuming than we budgeted for).We decided to get crepes to go. My roommate got the prosciutto, white bean, kale, and lemon crepe, which was served with a fried egg on top.  I got the fall vegetable crepe which had a mix of somewhat obscure fall roasted vegetables (celeriac, other things I can't remember) as well as creme fraiche and a fried egg on top. They were both very good, although we agreed that the egg made the crepe slightly soggy.We split a pumpkin scone and were underwhelmed. It wasn't particularly pumpkinny, and didn't have much flavor overall. Great location near the Capitol, and it seems like a cute place to drink coffee and do some work.
4	I think this is the best cup of coffee downtown and the crepes and muffins are smashing.  However why doesn't anyone smile that works there?  Maybe I'm not hipster enough, or maybe expecting a smile, a friendly bit of chatter or just some signs of a happy life are to much to ask for the people behind the counter.  Folks behind the counter, you make really great food and your coffee is awesome, don't come off as pretentious, please.  Smile and celebrate that you kick ass.  I'll keep coming back, but damn folks, smile!
4	Cozy as always.  Finally tried their specialty coffee!  And you know what?  I love their them.  They are amazingly priced and taste better than a chain-business counterpart.  Love, love, love them.  There food is great I like that there are always a few specials.  Going there with a group is not a great idea but rolling solo with a book is brilliant idea.
5	BESTEST CREPES. ME LIKEY.I've experienced quite a few...multiple times...These guys have mastered the Art of Crepe. Yes. It's a thing. Spot-on thickness. Splendid texture, akin to the dense-quality of a good pancake, yet not so doughy. Plus they've got an oh-so-delicate sweetness that allows for versatility as far as making these beauties sweet or savory.  *Dark chocolate, caramel, sea salt crepe - FAN-frickin-TASTIC. My most-ordered crepe from here. The one that I dream about at night. I no lie. *Pumpkin mascarpone pecan crepe - SEASONAL, sigh. *Lemon curd and whipped cream crepe - in the words of my dear, econ-majoring friend: "THE TANGENCY!" (for the mathaphobes out there - this is code for: she loved it)*Apples and caramel and pecan crepe - one of their greatest. (certainly on par with the dark chocolate one I crave every waking moment of my life) the sugary deliciousness of the caramel...with the sweet crunch from the apples and the indulgent flavor of the pecans - love.*Smoked prosciutto spinach parmesan scrambled - this is the one savory crepe I've dabbled into, though this was my friend's order so I only took a few bites. Tasty nonetheless. As far as beverages: I've had their peppermint tea. Check mate. And their chai latte can't be beat. The Art of Crepe carries over to the Art of Latte/latte art - they've got this down man. Delicious AND beautiful bevvies. Basically, I love you Bradbury. One of my favorite spots - to study/chill/gastronomically indulge - in Madison.
5	This is one of the coziest little nooks you'll find in Madison. When you walk in, you'll think there's no way there's enough room, but have faith! You will find a spot, and it will be awesome. You just can't beat the calm, bright, relaaaxed atmosphere.The food is equally great. Crepes are perfectly done, and make sure you get a chai - they'll make pretty cinnamon designs in the foam for you!
5	Wow! Great espresso and the crepes were done to perfection. Thought I was eating at a 5-star hotel. Best coffee shop in Madison.
5	One of the best coffee houses in Madison. They get 5 stars because they serve flat whites. If you don't know what a flat white is, runnnnn to Bradurys. Craps are out of this world.
5	Fantastic, small location but excellent crepe dishes and coffee (I usually get drip).
5	I love Bradbury's. I live a block away and head here just about every weekend. Their crepes are really tasty and their coffee is great, too. I also appreciate that they have fast wifi and even though it can get a little tight (it's a small place), I've never not been able to find a seat. Plus, the big windows make it the perfect place to absorb a sunny morning and do some people-watching.
5	Coffee, Tea, Crepes get anything you won't be disappointed. Nice place to relax. Only negative is tight seating but that is because they are busy. Why are the busy? See first sentence.
4	Bradbury's is small and cozy. I imagine it's a nice place to hang out at throughout the day, sippin' on espresso and people watching from the large windows adorned. However, it can certainly get quite busy for weekend brunch, and being it's so small, it's eat and go with limited lingering.You won't get full here. Not on the sweet or savory crepes they serve, unless you buy a couple of them. They're super cheap, so that's possible! The Lemon Curd crepe, which was so sweet and delicious, cost me less than $5. An added bonus is that Bradbury's is right across the street from a parking garage if street parking is a nightmare (as it usually is).
5	If you like your lattes smooth, this is the place. Not too sweet, extremely creamy and smooth. If your like a bolder coffee taste get a double shot. Very friendly and efficient staff. Excellent crepes. Winner in every way.
4	A small coffee shop with minimal food options, all of which are tasty. This is a place where you can really get some work done or have a conversation to catch up with a friend.
5	Given the joint's small footprint I don't want to share the secret, but it is too much of a neighborhood asset to keep to myself.Hits: savory crepes,  kick ass baristas without attitude, and great window seating. Misses: Not a space to bring a big crew, but the small space is the only flaw I've ever noticed. Pretty good sign, no?Hints: Website is updated with current crepe offerings. Bottom line: Take your order to go and walk to James Madison park.  Great way to enjoy tasty offerings with a group of friends.
4	Ups:- The soy lattes are the best I've ever had! - locally sourced (I think)- very sunny, modern, and crisp interior. Downs: - pesto, fresh mozz & scrambled egg crepe was a bit bland- the pesto being the main offender. Keep in mind this place gets busy fast!!! But they also open early, even on weekends.3.5 on the food, 4.5 on the coffee- darn near perfect cup o' coffee.
3	I went to this place because I'd been wanting to try it for years, but also because it was the only place I could find on a Saturday open before 7. I had heard it was small but I wasn't prepared for just how small. I can't imagine coming here later in the morning, but there was still some space when I went around 6:30.When I walked in the girl working was in the middle of making a coffee drink at the espresso machine which is right next to the register. She not only didn't say hello, but she didn't even look up or acknowledge my presence. I get that she's in the middle of doing something but I thought it was very strange considering she was facing toward me and I was literally right in front of her. When she was done with the drink she looked up and said hi with the least amount of enthusiasm I've heard in a while. Granted this was 6:30 AM on a Saturday so I'll cut her some slack, but still- I don't need you to fake a smile, but say something to me at least. I ordered one of the savory crepes which took a lot longer to make than I expected, but it was worth the wait. The veggies inside were cooked well and it was loaded with fresh cheese. Definitely not too filling, but perfect for a snack or light breakfast which is what I wanted.
4	Great small coffee shop in the heart of Madison.  I typically try to find local coffee shops along my travels that make a manual, single cup of coffee (pour over). The barista did an excellent job making my coffee.
5	I have to give big, BIG, BIG!! ups to Bradbury's. It's my most frequented spot for a semi-casual breakfast by far, and it isn't just because it's the closest spot to where I live. Here's a few reasons why I love this place:- Nearly all of their ingredients are local, and you can read the farm list right next to the entrance.- The space itself is great. The chairs and tables remind me of elementary school art class (in a good way!). All but one of the walls are windows, so it has a great view out to the street and the lake.- Although I don't drink it too much, they make a mean Chai, Latte, espresso, and cold press.- The menu changes frequently, so it very much rewards repeat visits. They're also accommodating toward any diet restrictions, as they can make gluten free crepes with buckwheat, and will happily replace meat/cheese from crepes with something else.- Above all else, the crepes are usually very good. I've had a couple that I didn't like so much (someone mentioned the pesto one being bland, which I can attest to), but more often than not, they're hits due to the sometimes eccentric/high quality ingredient choices.All of this makes me come to Bradbury's at least weekly, and i'll keep going there for likely all of time (that I live in Madison)!
4	I stopped here for a quick breakfast on a Sunday.  I had the egg and ham and cheese crepe while my husband had the chocolate and banana crepe. Both were wonderful.The coffee was fresh as was the orange juice. It was very close to our hotel so thats a huge plus.Overall a great spot for a nice quick breakfast.  I would definitely recommend this place to others!
4	We stopped in for coffee and crepes on a Saturday afternoon.  Sadly, they ran out of caramel, so we couldn't have the chocolate-banana-caramel-pecan crepe.   Nothing else on the seemed as good as that,  so we just had flat whites.   Those were excellent, far superior to anything a coffee chain could turn out.  The only downside is that the place is small, so I can see where getting a seat could be a challenge.  But it is open and light which helps keep it from feeling crowded.
5	Fantastic crepes, lovely service and a hot neighborhood spot near the Farmer's Market and State Capitol. The BLT crepe with fried egg is a must have. The restaurant uses Kickapoo coffee beans and locally grown produce. Nice find!
4	Bradbury's, nooooooooooooooo!Upon my arrival in Madison, I knew there was only one thing I wanted: Bradbury's coffee. It had been a year since I left, and I was excited to get one of those wonderful, wonderful pourovers.This may not mean anything to the non-coffee snobs about there, but they've replaced the Hario v60 with a Kalita Wave (both methods of brewing coffee). Service was friendly, if a little curt, and the coffee was painstakingly brewed in a few minutes. It's great seeing the baristas work their magic. The coffee, though? Only very good, not great! I don't know if my evil, yuppie Brooklyn mind has ruined coffee for me, but it simply wasn't as good as I remember. Very good? Absolutely, but it lacked the quality necessary to make it 5 stars.It's still near-excellent, and everyone should go there. But man, that slight drop in coffee quality...
5	I've been on a cortado binge lately, ordering then from every cafe (even if it's not on the menu). That's what I did here and the barista explained thats basically what a Piccolo was here. It may not be a "cortado" by name but this one is delicious! Oh and there's Wi-fi!Food: Crepe - ham + smoked Gouda + a cracked egg w/ whole grain mustard on a buckwheat crepe was BOMB. Honestly, who knew there was such good crepes at this little coffee shop!
4	I've been to Bradbury's quite a bit since moving to Madison and it quickly became one of my favorites - afterall, it's across the street from my apartment.. and I won't argue with convenience. However, even if wasn't steps from my residence, I would still swing in here often due to convenient street and off-street parking options (parking garage or children's museum). The coffee here is pretty damn good, and if you're a moderate coffee-drinker like me, it's potency will have you set for the rest of the morning. If you're going to eat here, I recommend going with any of their sweet or savory crepes that they're known for. I was hooked on the Dark Chocolate and Door County Cherry crepe for the longest time... but it has not been on the menu the past month or so. I inquired with the fella behind the counter and he told me they had some issues with a few cherry batches recently, so they pulled it off until they can get the cherry supply issue resolved. I hope it comes back soon!After you get your coffee, don't expect to have lots of elbow room or a place to spread a newspaper out - the seating area is tiny and cramped. If you come in during their busy times, you will certainly be bumping elbows with fellow patrons, who, by the way, skew toward the "hipster" demographic. But hey, this is Madison - it's impossible to avoid here. I love the 2-seater table they set outside at the corner of their cafe.. however, it's tough to claim unless you get there early in the morning (like I do)!Speaking of hipsters, the people working behind the counter probably fall into that category as well, but I don't find them to be snooty as some other reviewers have indicated. Unless they're busy, I've always found them to be courteous, friendly and smiley. Wait times are reasonable considering the crepes are all made-to-order.
5	Best crepes and the coffee is really good too!  Came for the crepes and it was worth every minute!!
5	Such a great spot. Crepes are inspired and delicious. Coffee is delicious. Ambiance is perfect. Only downside is how crowded it can be during peak hours. Otherwise a total gem.
4	Finally got to try Bradbury's today! The staff was really friendly in helping me decide what to order (because obviously everything looked awesome).I started with a chocolate raspberry muffin and a glass of fresh squeezed orange juice. Both were great! My companion ordered a latte which he thought was good, not amazing. Then we waited for our crepes. And waited. And waited. I know the place is small, but it wasn't that busy and we did wait for about 45 minutes.But then the food came and it was basically worth it. Decadent, interesting combinations of flavors. The sea salt, honey and butter crepe was BRILLIANT and only a few dollars. The creme anglaise and raspberry crepe was great and actually had enough fresh berries to have some in each bite (definitely would not be true at a lot of restaurants).I definitely want to come back and try more crepes and would recommend it to others but only if you have a lot of time and aren't starving. It's a fun cafe atmosphere to come with a friend, sit and chat.
5	D'Angelo on the hi-fi. Crepes twice-over: Ham & Gouda w/ whole grain mustard; Apples, Plums, Ricotta & Honey. Normally, I get a flat white, but went with a french press coffee today instead. As opposed to Farmers Market Saturday's (too crazy), mid-week Bradbury's is just right.
4	My son asks to go here every time we're at the Children's Museum. The food and drinks are made to order and the staff has always been extremely pleasant.
5	I'm visiting Madison and went here for breakfast- it was terrific! I got the pumpkin and apple crepe (it's October, after all) and it was sooo tasty! Not too sweet, perfectly filling, and reasonably priced. The staff was friendly and the space was really cute. I'd make this a regular morning stop if I lived here!
3	I went here again because I had such a great time just a few before, but I was sorely disappointed the second time around. The wait time was unreasonable - there were only a couple other customers at 6:45 am, but it took FOREVER to get our crepes. I actually finished my entire chai before getting the crepes. This wouldn't have been so annoying except there were 4 staff and two of them seemed to just be standing around at any given time. What gives? Such a bummer :(
5	My main motivation to visit here was to use the free wifi because I had gone 2 days without using the internet on my computer. And I had some work to do.  I was, however, not at all disappointed by my decision to visit here because the coffee was great.  I ordered a cold-brewed coffee and the flavor was amazing.  Plus the service was really good.  This place is small and quaint and so cute.
4	Quick, delicious and authentic Coffee and Crepe Shop. We ordered a regular cup of coffee. large fresh squeezed orange juice, a butter and sea salt crepe, a cinnamon and butter crepe and the ham and gouda crepe. Everything was hot and delicious. If you live in Madison, you should make this a regular stop.. We will be back to visit.
5	Great French Press pot of fresh coffee with crepes! The cuppacino was great as well! Definitely a must visit and my favorite go to spot after or before the farmers market unwind on a Saturday morning!
5	The food is delicious the crapes are so scrumptious the atmosphere is fun it's very small and tight but I think it's pretty cozy the menu is a little difficult to read if your back is turned to it overall I really like this restaurant it's very clean very friendly service
5	Bradbury's has been rocking my pour over world lately! My cold brew world too. My muffin world as well. And on some days, my scone world.It's worth noting their early am hours, as I'm not sure anything on the square is open 6:30am 7 days a week. Today when I rolled up at a quarter to seven, warm cherry walnut muffins were coming out of the oven, trans/electric music was blaring, and I felt like as the sun was rising I was in my own arty independent film until a couple came in abut twenty after seven.
5	Awesome crepes! I went here yesterday and had a savory and sweet crepe. Their selection was really limited for anyone who doesn't eat pig (pork/ham) but they did have one vegetarian crepe that was really tasty. It had kale,  butternut squash, nuts,  yogurt sauce and a fried egg. The menu changes often though so it won't be there for long.  For sweet we had the chocolate coconut almond crepe. Super light and fluffy with just enough chocolate and too many almonds but hey they are good for you! I tried the piccollo coffee and man it was way too strong for me so they kindly exchanged it for a latte.  My sister had the mocha.  Both drinks were just sweet enough and gave us a lovely caffeine high that lasted all day. This is a really great place to stop by for a snack.  There's metered parking on the side street with a one hour limit which is just enough time to order and eat.
4	Excellent crepes and coffees/drinks.Honey+ butter + sea salt crepe excellent "original" crepe if you like classics. Savory crepes are delicious as well, fresh ingredients, perfect balance of flavors and of course, the perfect crepe you will get in Madison. Must try. Opens early, but does get busy once it hits 9:30-10 am on weekends.Grab a seat by the windows to people watch too!
5	I adore this little coffee shop. It's bright, has a cute decor, and even better coffee. The baristas definitely have skill and dedication to the art. They have amazing crepes here. Savory or sweet- you choose. And although I'm not a scone person, the scones they make at Bradbury's are the best I've ever had. Two downsides to this place, but none that make it less than five stars: -They need either a bigger space or a second location! This place has caught on and it gets cramped there during peak hours, especially when the Farmers' Market is happening. -The ventilation here isn't the best and you will most likely walk out smelling like food. But there could be worse things than smelling like their amazing crepes, right? :)
1	Gosh, Bradbury's really brings a frown to my face.  Literally everything about my experience was wrong when I was visiting Madison some weeks back.  I had heard from my close friend who lives there that it was this amazing creperie that made one heck of a cup of Joe, and all I got out of it was delayed, soggy, hipster pretentiousness. First and foremost, for the "popularity" of this little restaurant, it is tiny.  When we arrived, it was quite crowded inside, and shortly after there was a line out the door.  There's practically no place to put up your coat in the cold weather, and if you want to try and eat there - good luck!  Seating is definitely not ample and the crowd all trying to sit down and talk at once makes for a bit of an angry mob.As for the food - my friend and I ordered two crepes - one savory with gouda, apple, buckwheat, and ham, and the other with apples and pecans.  Both were simply "eh" to say the least.  Part of the savory crepe was crisp the way it should be, and another portion was soggy and mushy.  The inside was struggling for flavor beyond the overpowering whole grain mustard (which I do enjoy), but the gouda flavor was basically undetectable and I was also searching for sliced apples.  The most annoying part to me perhaps was that the filling had thinly sliced ham instead of chunks which led to even more sadness about the whole experience.  In order to really get the flavor of meat in a crepe, you've got to do better than deli sliced blandness.Honestly worst of all, the service was unorganized and a confused mess.  After entering and placing our order right away, it took roughly 25 minutes to get our crepes to us because our order was forgotten.  Other people who came in after received their orders before us which made me raise my voice to ask what was going on.  What was going on, you ask?  They had crossed off our ticket despite never even making our meal.What an utterly disappointing disaster.  I hope to forget you soon, Bradbury's.
5	Great coffee. Great crepes. Great atmosphere. The shop is a little small and sometimes it's busy because it's so popular! It's a cute place and has good food and coffee.
4	I lived about 2 minutes from this adorable little place for over a year before finally stopping in. And, oh, man. Why haven't I come before! Great hours for the early weekend (and weekday) risers (open at 6:30), and rotating crepes means that you always have to be on your toes when you walk in. There are of course always the usual savory and sweet types, but they vary a teeny bit.Once I finally set foot in here, I think I went three times in three weeks. Each time, their savory crepes (not a huge fan of sweet things) were great! I loved the details. Microgreens, whole grain mustard, fixins in the middle of the crepe so you're not pushing all of the good stuff out the end as you're moving across. My two downsides: 1) Price. It's fairly expensive for how small it is. Iced tea refills are $1.50 if I remember correctly. 2) Space. If you get there at the wrong time (anytime between 9-12) with more than two people.. get ready for a long and tortuously delicious smelling wait.My iced tea review: The best in Madison. Hands down. Complex without being too heavy, refreshing but flavorful. I would get this year round... if they served it when it is cold outside :(
