5	I've found my local Chinese restaurant. I popped in here with my family the night before the opening. The owners were having a massive family dinner, but they still sat us with big smiles and enthusiasm.This is your typical local Chinese joint. Lots of familiar items, along with some Chef specials that I haven't seen anywhere else in town. My favorite dish from this part of the menu was the Spicy Honey Chicken. Different than Orange Chicken, because this had a more robust, and balanced flavor. It didnt taste like crispy chicken tossed in syrup. Vegetables accompanied this dish.The Hot n Sour soup is delicious, flavorful.Now for the item that set this place apart: home made chili paste/sauce. This is the stuff dream are made of. Spicy, delicious and is like heaven.This spot is brand new, family owned and worth the trip even if you don't live on this side of town.I can't wait to come back!
5	Newly opened Chinese restaurant, great price for large portion of food! Clean and friendly service! Very nice family owned restaurant. For the month of July 15% off.. And lunch prices are very good :)
5	Try out the orange chicken also kungpao triple.. Nommmm.. So good.. Try to spread the word.. Good portion too.. Special June 15% off..
2	Decided to come here for lunch because i saw that it just opened. The location Liu's in is actually not bad. I can foresee a busy lunch hour for them during the work week. Hopefully it can stay open unlike the Mandarin Express up the street.Upon entering i thought the inside would look like most Chinese take out places. But this one had actual sit down and order service. I was sat and the server kid brought me a menu.I decided to order 3 things. I ordered the pot stickers, Mongolian beef, and the chicken chow mein.Potstickers: These were probably the worst item i ordered. They were soggy, im used to the seared and burnt crispy bottom of a potsticker. They also had meat the size of the tip of my pinkie. The rest of it was just the wrap of the potsticker.Mongolian Beef: Good dish. flavor was good. The meat was really tender. Only complaint is the meat were small. There was a lot of meat. It was just cut up too small.Chicken Chow Mein: This dish was also a disappointment for me. The flavor of the dish was good but everything else wasn't. The noodles tasted too firm almost raw and the chicken was dry.Overall the everything was just "OK". The service is good. Food came out fast but it just wasn't that amazing. I don't think i would go back that often. Maybe once every 2-3 months.
5	Pork fried rice is devine, I would come here just for this. The waiter (Vincent) was sweet and funny, the general tso was great.  I loved the orange chicken and the fried ice cream was yummy
5	Try salt and pepper pork and walnut shrimp! Delicious! Fast and good service ! I would definitely go back!
3	Take out ratings onlyHot and Sour 4 starsOrange Chx 2 starsKung Pao Chx(breaded WTF) 1 StarPork Fried Rice 4 starsLo  Mein 4 starsFree Egg Rolls and Rangoon 2 starsHome made chili paste is AWEFUL...please dont even try it.  This place is EH, Rice N Noodle and Baidu are much better choices...
4	Finally! A decent Chinese restaurant near my house. The chicken is real chicken. Not frozen chicken. I ordered the family meal with spices honey chicken and pork broccoli. Didn't care for the pork broccoli. It was too plain for me. The egg drop soup was really yummy! I'm a soup can :) I'll update this when I order more stuff, but in the meantime, check them out! You get a discount for the month of July 2013 and its better than McDonalds.
4	7/30: I saw that this new place received a few good reviews so I decided to give it a try. The service was excellent -- 5 stars! The refills kept coming and the food was prepared and brought out in a timely manner. The place is clean and the ambiance is standard yet relaxing. The staff is very well run and efficient. My waiter Titus was very friendly. He even asked how the food was, basically asking if I could give any constructive criticism. We also introduced ourselves and chatted for a bit. This is how new places should treat customers! Me and a friend ordered the Family Meal for 2 ($21.75), which included a choice of Hot and Sour Soup or Egg Drop Soup, Crab Rangoon, Egg Roll, Pork Fried Rice (very generous portion -- this could be a $10 entree at other places), and 2 entrees of your choice. We ordered Mongolian Beef and Chicken with Vegetables. Beverages are relatively cheap as well ($1.50).I'd give the food 3.5 to 4 stars. The food was fresh and the presentation was vivid. It could be delicious depending on your taste -- it's not really authentic style though. I think the chefs could opt to make the food more so, but from a business standpoint I think they choose otherwise (their clientele appears to be mostly locals in the surrounding neighborhood). Overall there's nothing wrong with it! But I'd recommend places in the Chinatown area if you want authentic. I think their hot sauce is homemade. I'm not sure what's going on there -- it's definitely unique. But I'll just say normal Sriracha chili sauce would suffice. If you're in the area or live nearby, I highly recommend giving this place a go at least once. They did have 15% off for July to get customers in the door, though that ends today -- maybe one of you Yelpers will make it in time :) Nevertheless, the food has decent value (average $7.95 for a la carte and steamed rice). I didn't look, but I wouldn't doubt they have a good lunch special as well. OK, time for leftovers (plenty!). Just for a well run service they deserve returning business, so I'll definitely be back!
5	I had a great experience dining in at Liu's today. The service was very pleasant. I felt very welcomed and the food made me happy. Vincent made it feel like I was talking to an old friend that just happened to work at the restaurant. The Chow Fun was done extremely well. The ratio of vegetables, noodles and meat was perfect IMHO. The veggies had a nice sear on them and still had a nice crunch to them.A big surprise was the Beijing Pork Chops. If I had to describe it I would ask you to imagine a mellow sweet and sour pork but spicy and minus the batter. The level of spiciness in this dish was mild but still enough to satisfy my craving for heat. I hear good things about the salt and pepper dishes and some of the other entrees so I'm going to have to come back...So I came back before I posted my original review and will go ahead and tell you that the Salt and Pepper Pork is an excellent blend of salt spice and aromatics. I am a big fan of meat on the bone, it just imparts a certain element of flavor I just don't get when meat is cooked boneless.Having already tried the Beef Chow Fun, we decided to try the Vegetable Chow Fun. It was equally as good if not better because of all the extra veggies. I am usually a more of a carnivore but I may end up ordering these again when we come backMy new favorite item is the BBQ Spare Rib. It's a four bone appetizer so I will be ordering two of them next visit. These ribs are done exceptionally well with a crispy slightly charred exterior and a juicy bite at the same time. No shortness on flavor here. They tasted like they marinated over night with a salty sweet Asian marinade and BBQ'd with care. They have run out of this item before so get it when you can.This place is pumping out some excellent Chinese cuisine.
5	If you're looking for chinese food that doesn't involve little round balls tossed in orange sauce, this is the place to be.  I love picking on the bones of fried pork chops and sucking on bbq pork ribs.  This restaurant does their cuisine well and right.  I absolutely love this place and hope to come back here again and again.
4	Delicious, big portions at low prices! A friend and I had the lunch specials, for just u def $11 total!!! Can't wait to try the Dim Sum.
5	My first impression of this place, is that it is super clean! Not the dirty, hole-in-the-wall...cheap chinese places i've grown to love. The restaurant is small, minimally decorated and very new. It was not very busy when I came in around 1pm on a Friday afternoon. I ordered the Salt n pepper chicken lunch special for less then $6 and it was enough for 2 meals. Lunch specials come with entree, fried rice, small egg roll, choice of soup (hot n. sour or egg drop) and little crispy chow mein "chips" with sweet m sour dipping sauce. Everything was delicious...except slightly salty. I love these type of Chinese restaurants with lunch specials. You get way more food then Panda Express and it tastes 10x better. The only thing I didn't enjoy was the Thai Tea which was cloyingly sweet.
5	Great quality food, affordable prices and warm service. It's owned by a couple who makes sure that u get a good dining or take out experience. We also love going in for their lunch specials,  their lunch meat entree are accompanied with fried rice or noodles, egg rolls and soup with a choice of egg drop or hot and sour. It's a big portion for a small price. This is definitely our go to chinese restaurant!
4	My first visit here was during the week of their gran opening, and everyone was very energetic and helpful when it came to picking what I should eat. The food was very good and I would recommend trying out the hot and sweet chicken.
2	I've eaten here 3 times - The first time was awesome;  the second time was...so-so; the third time was disgusting.  I was originally excited about this place since it's so close to my house but they've really slacked since opening.  My last take out from there was truly awful.  I ordered the chicken chow mein and the chicken tasted rotten...I couldn't finish it.I will say the fried rice and noodles there were still good despite the rotten chicken but c'mon.  When you serve rotten chicken, I can't help wondering about the condition and storage practices of the rest of the food that maybe doesn't taste as bad...I didn't bother giving them a second chance b/c my girlfriend had the exact same experience about a week after my last visit there...Just avoid this one
1	Very sad. My first visit was excellent, I thought I found a new hidden gem. The whole family loved it and it was very reasonable. Second time, the food was not up to par, not even half as good as the first time (I ordered the same items.) The third time, the chicken was INEDIBLE... it was not white, it was not dark, it was gray chicken. It seems as though they had quality ingredients just for the initial opening. I guess they figured they established themselves enough to be able to start ordering the low grade meat. It was awful, I won't be back.
2	I have been here quite a few times since they opened. The past few times i went, I thought that I must've gotten them on a not so good day but now I'm realizing that the quality has gone down from all the other reviews I'm reading.  :-(  This is very disappointing. I was looking forward to have a decent American Chinese restaurant in the neighborhood.  The food when they first opened was top notch.  Well seasoned and well prepared but now the past few times I've gotten them, the food was still hot but there was no seasoning and the noodles and meat were overcooked.  I hope that they fix whatever was changed back to what it was when they first opened.
5	Great quality food, affordable prices and warm service. It's owned by a couple who makes sure that u get a good dining or take out experience. We also love going in for their lunch specials,  their lunch meat entree are accompanied with fried rice or noodles, egg rolls and soup with a choice of egg drop or hot and sour. It's a big portion for a small price. This is definitely our go to chinese restaurant!
4	Good place to eat. Love the pork fried rice. This time I'm trying the Mapu Tofu. Been here two days in a row and now I know that I'll definitely be back here when I'm on this side of town.
4	Liu's Kitchen was surprisingly pretty good, not blow your mind but an excellent choice for some Chinese food. See the pics posted yum :)They have a $5.75-$6.75 lunch special on selected dishes, about 40 different ones using chicken, pork, beef, or shrimp, which included steamed or fried rice or chow mein, an egg roll, and a soup.  It is a solid deal, I always complain about not having enough $5 meals around Vegas, it's always about $10+.  I wasn't feeling well and instantly thought of egg drop soup with something crispy and spicy.  So I went with the General Tso's Chicken w/ egg roll, steam rice, and egg drop soup http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lius-kitchen-las-vegas?select=JeWE4l25T4G1aEDj6PAQQg#Yjq_E0xGqUs_mAjolJEumA I asked if they could make the chicken extra crispy and they did. It was crispy and spicy to my liking, filled with lots of chili peppers. The sauce on it wasn't too sweet which I also liked. The egg roll was crispy. The egg drop soup made me feel  a lot better cause I wasn't feeling well going in.Clean, tasty menu, cheap, friendly, and a new business in the SW oh yea I'll be back definitely. They have a Spicy Honey Chicken dish which looks good, from the pics posted, and I do want to try more of their menu. They do deliver for orders at least $15 and within 3 miles and they also take orders online which always good.
2	Tried Liu's based on the Yelp reviews and was very disappointed. The only thing this place has going for it is the price.The egg drop soup was unrecognizable as such. More like a brown slimy egg containing broth. The Szechuan  beef was also slimy and not very flavorful. There were 6 people in my party and no one enjoyed the food.I will say that the waitress was polite and accommodating.
5	Normally come during lunch and get the lunch special $5.75 - $6.75 and food is always freshly prepared when you ordered. All the dishes I have tried so far were just delicious. Especially the fried rice, they made it when you order so it always taste and smell fresh.So my wife and I decided to try this place for dinner, and we ordered the family dinner A for 2 people. It includes 2 daily soup (choose Hot & Sour or Egg Drop), 2 Egg Rolls, 2 Crab Rangoon, 2 Pork Fried Rice, 2 entrees. For the entrees we ordered the spicy honey chicken and Chinese sausage with snow peas. They spicy honey chicken was great and the snow peas was fresh and tasty.People like to talk about portion, but taste to me comes first. With Liu's kitchen, both taste, portion and price are better than many Chinese restaurants in the china town area.
5	Even though my husband and I are Chinese, he is not a fan of Chinese food because he eat Chinese food all his entire life. One day he told me that he found this American Chinese restaurant was pretty good, I was surprised to hear that and thinking I must try this place!  The first time I tried it and this restaurant just blowed my mind away :D.First of all, everything in the restaurant was super clean and well-organized the fact that they only open for six months.  The service was great; server was very friendly and the wait for the food wasn't long at all.  We went for lunch special and it was the best lunch special that I have so far.  Honestly, I never found one American Chinese restaurant (not even china a go go) would cook their "lunch special" fried rice right after you ordered and they did it for all customers in this restaurant when you pay only $5.75!  I was wondering how could they turnover fast enough during lunch time? I talked to the owner, Mr. Liu, he simply said he wanted to keep good quality food, fresh taste so this is how he did it.  Everything I tried it was excellent, no complain at all.  Even though a small item like crab puff, it was so tasty; Mr. Liu was creative to put some veggie in it and made it even better! The presentation of the food is good and neat.  You can see how Mr. Liu has put a lot of effort and hard work into this restaurant and I truly applauded his dedication; someone who cares about the quality the food, looks into details and wants you to have a great dining experience overall.  He also has a great business partner who manage the front.  Even though they work seven days a week, they still talk to you with smiles on their faces and patiently explain how they prepare their dishes and operate their business.  You can see their passion for their business; it truly shows that this is America, u can reach your dream when you work hard enough.  I hope that this restaurant would never closed down, serviously.
1	This is my 3rd time ordering take out here, the first time we ordered a family dinner with 2 entrees, rice, soup and added an order of chow mein.  At first we thought we found our new neighborhood Chinese Restaraunt (which I've been looking for a while now) and had no complaints.  Close to home, cheap prices, nice employees...then we ordered the 2nd time, this time we ordered chow mein, won ton soup and shui mai.  This time, the food seemed to be forgettable because when I came back again today I really didn't remember if I liked any of it or not last time.  I walked in again tonight to order take out and thought, what the hell, I'm craving soup and dim sum, so I placed an order of each.  When I got home and started eating, it all came back to me.  I didn't like the won ton soup last time since there was barely any meat in the won ton, it was more like floating pieces of won ton wrapper and guessing if that piece had any meat in it.  When I actually did find meat, it tasted a little off, I could be wrong but I was expecting pork won tons where these tasted like ground beef won tons.  Next I take a bite of the pork/shrimp Shui Mai and had to quickly spit it out...sad to say, I don't think they were cooked all the way, I ripped open all the dumplings and every single one of them seemed to be a little undercooked.  I was done after that.
5	Really good food, great service and relaxed atmosphere. Good for a quick lunch break and you get a lot for your buck.
5	Love this place. The chicken chow mein and wonton soup are so yummy. They're always so nice and friendly when I come in. Never had a bad meal there.
3	Talk about bang for your buck for lunch special! At first looking at the prices thinking too myself really that cheap. My first thought was like why do I even bother with places like Panda Express when you can get fresh made too order chinese food the same price?? It not as though limited in options on Liu's lunch special menu. I was blown away that at Liu's there is one full page that can choose from. A truly diverse menu too.  You would think or my experience most places see lunch specials limited. Not here they have it broken down too different proteins from chicken, beef, pork, or shrimp. Most of them are your traditional chinese options find at most other restaurants. Also not only does the options start and end with entree. They give you the option of either hour and sour soup or egg drop soup. Even your starch can be steam rice or fried rice. Some of the entrees not your typical ones that plan on checking out on my next visit. I ended up ordering the general tso chicken. I felt like it was okay. The chicken will admit was cooked on point. It was nice crispy on the outside and chicken cooked perfection on the inside nice steaming hot. The sauce that were for me did not work. I felt like the sauce was just bottle of sweet and spicy hot sauce get at any asian market shelf. If anything more sweet then anything. The egg roll that comes with all lunch specials was good. I really liked the most was the pot stickers. Talk about HUGE. I got them thinking use too pot stickers being certain size most part eat in one biter or two. At Liu's the pot stickers take two too three bites. Still even oversized. It had nice sear on one side. The pork filling was not only cooked perfectly but had nice taste too it. The dipping sauce was the perfect compliment. You get six pieces per order. Surprise that able too eat everything good thing came too LIu as recovery meal from day of triathlon training. So when it comes too value up and down Liu's for lunch is hidden gem.The service was excellent, friendly, and love the vibe of small family businesses. I might have order the wrong lunch special but so many more options too try. Just cause had ok lunch I know Liu's has more too offer. The price not doubt plan on coming back trying more of the menu. Once find the Ono one am sure see bump in updated review, Just keeping it real.
3	What a great little spot for reasonably priced Chinese food and lunch specials. The food arrived quickly and the lunch menu is very extensive. Along with your lunch portion of any given item, you receive either eggdrop or hot and sour soup as well as a spring roll. Portions are extremely generous.For a quick lunch on the the go, this is a great spot. I ordered the Szechuan chicken on my visit and although the food is not extraordinary, it is an absolutely solid option. My meal wasn't as spicy as I anticipated, but it was tasty and fresh, which I was impressed by. Given the long list of items on the lunch menu, I anticipate coming back to try more of their offerings.
1	Salt & pepper shrimp... I've never left a restaurant so disappointed, and I've been to Subway.
5	Good food. Great price. Really good portions. We'll be coming back to bring friends and family. Our new favorite restaurant :)
2	When we pulled up, there was not one car in the parking lot.....that should have been the first clue, but we thought we would try it anyway.  My boys and I ordered at least 5 different items and with that said, their orange chicken was really good.  We would not be going back to that restaurant.  :(
5	Awesome! Service is great and the food is even better. We have been here several times and tried new dishes each time. Now it's hard to decide what to order!
3	I want to like the food here more than I do. The service is always amazing, and everyone who works there is super friendly. Most of the food I have tried here is mediocre, with the exception of the fried rice which always seems freshly made and is quite good. The wonton soup and shrimp shumai were both okay. The orange chicken was too sweet for my taste, but not bad. Considering the price point (very affordable!) I will very likely be returning here to try other menu items.
2	It's ok for what it is. The quality of food is good but the flavors don't really do it for me.  I think they put cinnamon or something in the fried rice. I've tried maybe 6 dishes and haven't found anything I loved or would order again. :(
5	Tried Liu's since it is in the shopping center near our house and we weren't feeling Subway. We were surprised with the wonderful service provided by the man and woman inside. They were very kind and helpful - it almost felt like we were at their house for dinner! Food was good - above average for a small Asian restaurant! We tried the potstickers, General Tso's chicken, and Spicy Honey chicken. All great choices! They offer Coca-Cola in the glass bottles too, major points for that! Overall great dinner choice that will find its way into our rotation!
5	Fast service and friendly staff. I enjoy there shrimp fried rice and pot stickers. Large portions and great tasting food!
3	When I have a hankering for Chinese food this is my go to place. The dining room is simply decorated and clean. I am always greeted with a smile. Service is quick and the food is pipping hot. I love how spicy many of the dishes are. The serving sizes are pretty big so I usually end up having leftovers for the next day. Prices are right on for the food. I have only ever been here for dinner and it has never been very busy. I notice many people get their food to go. I would replace Panda with Liu's Kitchen any day.
5	This place is definitely the definition of a hole-in-the-wall. I love this place. I love coming here. The people are so nice and friendly. I've never felt so welcome. The give you such a big portion and so many things that come with the entree, it's ridiculous. I definition recommend everyone to come here and give it a try. You will not regret coming here. Their sweet and sour shrimp AND chicken is SOO good. It is to die for.
