4	Great food. Lots of selection. Big Portion. A great alternative to their buffet.
3	I came here for the Pink's hot dog and wasn't too impressed.  It doesn't even compare to Pink's hot dogs in LA.  It just DOESN'T.  One thing familiar - the excruciatingly long line.  We ended up opting to eat in the smoking section, just to get to the front of the line.  It worked, but the dogs just weren't the same...
3	Not bad. Their menu is reminiscent of the Cheesecake Factory menu, but a little smaller. And they have Pink's hot dogs. I didn't get the hot dogs after hearing bad things about them--tough skin, hard dog. I chose a caesar salad, and it was ok. The chicken was VERY dry, so I took those out and just ate the romaine lettuce. We went around 6pm, and there was no line.I think they're open 24hrs, if you need a fix during the wee hrs of the mornin.
3	I was so not impressed with Zanzibar Cafe.   We ate here sometime around midnight on a Friday night... It's certainly not very busy.  There might be a grand total of 5 tables with seated patrons.So I ordered some crab wontons, a grilled cheese sandwich, and a fruit smoothie.   Now granted I was pretty drunk by that point so the memories are more like mental flashes or pictures.   The fruit smoothie tasted damn good and the only recollection of why I ordered it is that I could sense that I'd deprived my body of vitamins for quite a while and I was trying to combat the evil effects of blackjack table side martinis, of which I must have had five or six.   So 4 stars or hell, even 5 stars for the smoothie!However, the grilled cheese sandwich was pretty sad and the crab wontons were as well.   All in all, I thought the food was about the equivalent to that of Denny's.   The tab, however, was way higher than Denny's.Since you're in Vegas and everything has become seriously overpriced in this City, you probably could do worse, but I simply cannot give more than 3 stars to an establishment that gives you Denny's size portions and quality and charges three times more for it.
2	Like many others, I came here for the Pink's hot dog. Also like many others I was disappointed that it was nothing like LA's Pink's.There wasn't a line up getting in and normally I would be thrilled.  If only I knew it was a result of this place being pretty crummy.  The service stunk.  There was never anyone around.  Our waiter apparently went on his break without telling another waiter to tend to us.  It took forever to get the bill.I'd avoid this place.
3	I came here to eat Pink's hot dog and it is like the Pink's in L.A. however instead of standing in line forever and scamming for a open seat. Just a warning the jalapenos are excruciating HOT. I can eat really really spicy food like so spicy steam is blowing out of my ears, however I don't know why I couldn't stand the jalapenos on my hot dog. I'm a little ashamed. The rest of the menu is almost exactly like Cheesecake Factory. They do have pho here but it is $12 which is the most I've ever paid including Hawaii.  I can't complain because why would anyone go to Zanzibar for pho?
