5	A bunch of buddies came up to Montreal for a bachelor party.. This place is fucking unreal.. The owner is a lady named Genevieve who was absolutely phenomenal. The Huevos rancheros and Beef tacos were to die for and generally the staff was incredible.
5	This was prob my fav meal while in Montreal.  The food was amazing, even though the menu was small.  We both had nachos and the black beans were incredible which were served on the size.  We sat at a great table near the window (fun people watching) and service was perfect.  The music was great as well.  If I lived in Montreal, I would be here all the time.  Laid back, relaxing atmosphere in a fun antiquey district for shopping.
1	Seriously, no idea how anyone could give a good review for this awful restaurant. Agreed on the nice setting. But the food is terrible. And really overpriced! It's always empty...for good reason. I make better fajitas than this place (and so does TGIF) but they charge $22 for them...and sour cream is extra. Food cannot be less authentic. No clue about Mexican food at all. Save yourself the bother.
2	I live 10 minutes away from Limon so when my sister called me and asked where I wanted to go for my birthday, I figured it might be nice to hit Limon and enjoy a nice Mexican meal on the terasse. I have to say the night started off on a bad note when we were told that they didn't have a table for us on the terasse even if we had made our reservation the week before and were assured a table on the terasse. The hostess gave us an attitude as if it was our fault they had given our table away. We were seated at the noisiest table in the place right next to the bar where the owner seemed to be hosting a party for his friends. This made it hard to hold a conversation with anyone other then the person sitting next to you.The hostess seated us but forgot to give us menus and the wine list, so when our waitress finally see if we wanted something to drink and we asked for menus and a wine list she turned walked away mumbling something that sounded like insults and didn't come back around for another 10 minutes. We finally ordered drinks and some appetizers which came quickly because they were delivered to our table by the busboy. Our waitress spend the entire night at another table drinking wine and doing shots, thank god for the busboy. If it wasn't for him I fear we would have never received our meals. When we finally got our food we all agreed that it had about as much in common with authentic Mexican food as the taco kit from old Elpasso.my meal was bland, the presentation looked thrown together and it was served cold. Suffice it to say I was unimpressed with my meal.The decor of the place is interesting, they had framed images of various Mexican themed pictures that made us chuckle, the tables had good separation between them and were pretty comfortable.All and all our experience at Limon was disappointing. Bad service and bland food makes that I won't be back anytime soon.
2	My second time coming to Limon, and like each time, it doesn't leave much of an impression on me. The food is not the best, but I've only tried the tacos here, and they are okay. They are also really pricey and perhaps the ambience is just a bit loud and too dark.  The first time I came to this place, we had such a difficult time reading the menu, that each of us (5 total) had to take the candle close to the menu to read what it said.  Also of note: there is an ad on the back of the menu. Yes, that's right there is an ad on the back of the menu.  I draw attention to this only because the decor of the restaurant is quite modern and tasteful. The menu is set to be something of moderate-pricey,  The clientele seemed to be touch classier than casual dressers. The appearance of the ad on the back of the menu, is so out of character and doesn't fit in. We concluded that they must be trying to help out a family member or close friend because selling ad space would be down right tacky.Now, having said all that, I found myself going back to it, because of proximity and as I said, their food is okay.
1	We stumbled upon Limon late at night and decided to check it out on a whim. We regretted it. Limon is overpriced, too noisy, too pretentious and has no idea what good and fresh food is. Also, they have giant car and wine ads inside their menu which is the weirdest thing I have ever seen at a restaurant. I guess selling out their integrity as restauranteurs wasn't too difficult.On to the food.. the entree we had, the guacamole dip with nachos. The guacamole has no spiciness to it whatsoever, so while the taste is acceptable it definitely lacks in depth.The fajitas... for $15 I expected something more than what an El Paso Fajitas kit could give me on a tuesday night after work. The flavors were really bland and the ingredients sorely under seasoned. The vegetables and condiments tasted like water and the chilli sauce (which the waitress forgot to bring us at first) had no bite to it whatsoever and once again no depth to it.We spent most of the meal joking around about how bad the place was and how they have to pump "bar music" really loudly so that their customers might forget how they are being screwed and how their food tastes like Uncle Bob's Very Forgettable  Taco Night.
2	I was really hoping to find the next great mexican restaurant... but i didn't !!! the food is ok, not bad but not great, the problem is that it's way overpriced for what it isapetizer + entree will bring you to 35$-40$ per person!! i don't mind spending when the food is great but when it's just average, then LIMON we have a problem!even the Margaritas are average but at 12$ a glass... can get way better for half the price.the restaurant itself is very nice, i would recommend going with a group because it's quite noisy. but the seats... oh my God, so uncomfortable, no cushion and so big you are too far from the table when you wanna eat!!!service was nice, a bit slow, but ok for a Sat nighti really love mexican food and i can say i was disapointed with Limon, maybe the expectations were too high! too bad, i will not be coming back and will not recommend it
1	I really hate to give bad reviews (this is my first ever bad review) but this place is to be avoided. The prices are absurdly high for the portions you get. But based on the taste of the food the small portions aren't a bad thing. I had the beef tacos. They were four mini beef tacos (served with no side whatsoever), the meat was extremely dry. The only way to salvage them was to dump loads of salsa and sour cream on them. I also ordered what the menu said was a pina colada I took one sip and immediately pushed it to the side (they had the courtesy to not charge me for it). All in all it was a really bad experience and I would not go there again nor recommend this place to anyone.To be avoided
3	I came here to celebrate my birthday with my two brothers. One of them had recommended the place and since Burgundy Lion was a 40 min wait we decided to try it out. The staff seemed friendly we got seated outside which I found to be very small and the tables were plain small patio tables. We came in time for the 5 a 7 and I ordered a few margaritas which were strong just the way I liked them. I also started off with the guacamole and chips and it was alright not the best guacamole. I had the salmon as my main and it was amazing loved the taste very much and it was served with vegetables and rice which was pretty good. I do think the prices are a bit too high and not worth the food that much but all in all it was a good experience.
1	Overpriced. Adequate food. Poor service. Cramped seating. So poorly lit that many patrons were used cell phones as flashlights to read the menu.
4	I am not really big on mexican food. I ended up ordering a filet mignon. The meat was cooked perfectly, had a light, rich sauce. Beautiful cut of meat. Vegetables were very nice, asparagus, assorted peppers, roasted potatoes along with the meat came together very well. Great presentation. This place is a bit pricey but I expected that when ordering my meal. Looking at other items on the menu and judging by what my friends ordered, I'd say they can take it down a notch. The 5 a 7 is pretty good if you are ordering margaritas, it's basically 2 for 1. The decor is very calm and relaxing. We sat outside on the terrace which didn't have a very nice view. You are basically looking at a back ally. The tables weren't very sturdy and I found them to be small. The staff who served us did what they are paid to do. Be there when I need another beer, frequently checked on us and explained the menu as needed.
4	Mexican food at its finest... Their Guacamole was whipped, the cevice was awesome, the best I've ever had. The fajita was juicy and tasty.Try the margarita !!!!A must in the Atwater neighborhood
2	Yeah... Probably won't be back.We were there on a Thursday before a show and they were overwhelmed - big time!!It was early when we got there but they were already out of burgers (really?) and out of a few other items, too. Our waiter didn't really talk to us (seriously?) and I couldn't even tell if he spike English if French at all. He forgot our drinks, and took a long time to come back with more - the guys had to wave at him AND ask another waitress to send him to our table.The food was just OK. My guacamole was a bit sparkling (which isn't usually a good sign) but I'll admit the braised pork sandwich was quite good. My sister in law had the veggie fajitas which seemed a little disapointing on the serving size - and the veggies looked like they were out of a frozen bag.... Bummer.Perhaps it wasn't a good night and we jyst weren't lucky, but I really felt like the prices were way beyond the quality of the food and service. I usually don't give out bad reviews, especially regarding service (as I've been there myselft), but it just wasn't worth the wait / money.
4	I've been there a couple time!And I love it! The staff is super friendly and i like the ambiance (not recommended for people who likes bright light and low music) but this is what makes the mood!I recommend you choose from the grill part of the menu! Filet mignon, salmon and pork chops are to die for!! So good!Don't forget the cevice, guacamole and calamry!Everything was yummy especially the Margaritas! I love this place and i would recommend it to anyone for a fun night with friends!
1	Why cant you give zero stars??? Worst place ever! They had an all you can drink margharita special, which got us in the door. What we learned is that they made them absurdly salty so that people cant drink more than 1, maybe 2, with lots of water. We asked for them to be less salty but thwy said they are "premade". Since im a stubborn guy, I insisted in drinking them. Once id had 5 they said that was the max! I told them that they advertize "all you can drink". Their response was that 5 is enough and no one drinka that many. Not surprising given the fact that they sabotage them.with ridiculous amounts of salt.This place is just a scam. In a city with so many great restaurants and bars, this one should be avoided. Or better yet, closed down for good.
4	I am really surprised about the poor reviews, I have been here about five times and have had excellent service, which is rare in Montreal at any resto. The food was delicious, and the margaritas were great, as was the atmosphere. Very relaxed and comfortable.
4	I've been here twice during winter and ordered both lunch once and dinner another time (my client was performing at the nearby venue) and asked for my meals to be plant based and they did a good job getting my orders correct, catering to my lifestyle and it was delicious. A few other co workers had seen my food and ended up ordering too, everyone was happy. My only negative critique is that they took a long time even when there was hardly anyone there.
5	I've had Mexican food in Mexico City, in Los Angeles, in Chicago, in Tucson. Just about everywhere both at high end and low end places. Cheap to expensive.  Limon was excellent. The margaritas are made by hand without using a sweet/sour mix. The lamb enchiladas were really good and my husband loved his tampiquena. Fresh guacamole was also good.  So funny to just find this place accidentally in our new griffin town neighborhood.  Also heard the tuna tartar was good.
