4	I was hugely sceptical about Cosmo - it's a buffet restaurant specialising in Pan Asian food. Surely it'd be a case of jack of all trades, master of none?My boyfriend had heard good things, and went along with his family - coming home with rave reviews. "It's way better than Jimmy Chung's!" he claimed. Hmm. It wouldn't be hard to be better than Jimmy Chung's, but still, I wasn't convinced. However, last night after the cinema we were both hungry and he managed to convince me to try out Cosmo. And you know what, it was pretty good.In my head Cosmo was going to be another Red Hot Buffet (which also sells pan Asian food, as well as pizza) and in terms of what they offer it's similar, but it is better. Yes there are the obligatory fried Chinese starters, but they're less greasy than Jimmy Chung's. There are various stir fries and curries to choose from, as well as a decent selection of noodles and rice. I had a Mongolian Lamb which was fairly tasty, and I also enjoyed the broccoli so much that I took some on two different plates of food.The real star is the hot plate where they will cook fresh seafood for you in front of your very eyes (or steak or dumplings if that's more your thing). I went for squid with a teriyaki sauce, which had a pleasant charcoally vaguely cocoay taste to it - probably due to whatever had been cooked before it. Freshly cooked food at a buffet, who'da thunk it? Oh, and the sushi is okay. There's only a few different types, but it tastes fine. I did decide against trying their Korean option though, as cold noodle soup doesn't sound terribly appealing...Cosmo is far from fine dining, and I'm still biased against these world buffet type restaurants, but its one of the better of its ilk. And, given your other options for food in the Omni Centre, you could do a lot worse than pick Cosmo over Frankie & Bennys or The Slug and Lettuce!
5	Probably the best buffet I've ever been to. They have a nice selection and everything is wonderfully delicious. The duck pancakes are a must for me.
3	There's food and a ton of it.  So much choice and you can keep coming back and fill your plate up.  I had the thai green chicken, crispy prawns, spring rolls, prawn crackers, crispy pork on pancakes, slice of pizza, slice or two of bread.  All very ok - nothing wowsers but tasty and cooked.  The desserts were meh.  That's that said.  Synthetic cream in probably freezer cakes.  Also i was quite full from all the savoury crap and unlimited juice refills!It's very busy, mainly because it's the easter holidays and this seems to be a cheap place to fill yourself up.It's ok I guess but i know I'd go to a indie over this next time!
5	I've been to many Chinese buffets over the years but this place is of the radar it international. Prices are reasonable matching your average Chinese buffet and for all you can eat it works out better value for money than you'd pay for a main meal in any other edinburgh restaurant.I tried booking in advance as is suggested by everyone and the waiting list was a week long luckily we just chanced out luck and just turned up and got seated straight away.Tables are unfortunatly crammed in every direction just so everyone can get there fill.With such a selection of food it's difficult to sample it all but everything I did try was hot, fresh and bloody amazing. My favourite part was the chocolate fountain dessert.Honestly even if you've not booked try your luck it's totally worth it.
4	Sitting down to eat in Cosmo, memories came flooding back of the huge, sprawling, seemingly never-ending choice, buffets so abundant in the hotels of Vegas. This truly is a global buffet, although it leans toward the Oriental. If you can afford to wait, then just head on over, as it seems when you phone they are always fully booked. I didn't realise that you could just turn up, so missed out on a potential earlier visit. We waited (next door in the Lloyds / Wetherspoons) for about 45 minutes for a table of 3. Nearly all continents of the world are represented with Moroccan Lamb for Africa, but far more choice for Asia, Europe and the Americas. I decided to try small portions of a LOT of dishes. I must confess, I did feel a little Roman Banquetesque . . . I started with Thai Green Chicken Curry, Thai Pork, Mongolian Lamb & Shredded Beef.All were decent, the Green Curry and Shredded Beef particularly tasty. Very crispy batter on the beef . . . nice!I went on to sample the Sushi, which was surprisingly well prepared. I should've asked the type of fish they had on offer in large slices (it wasn't tuna) as it was perfectly filleted and very smoothly textured.  Plenty of Soy Sauce and Pickled Ginger as accompaniments. I was also amazed to find Char Siu Bao there. If you've never tried them before and are a fan of sweet n' savoury tastes together - then grab them whilst they're hot!It's a sweet tasting doughy bun with a filling of hot barbecued roast pork. I realise this combination probably sounds disgusting to many, it did to my fellow diner, but having been persuaded to reluctantly try, she eagerly sprinted up for more. Other foods devoured by my companions included, Ying Yang Chicken (a kind of sweet n' sour affair), Peking BBQ Ribs, King Prawns in Garlic, Pizza, Freshly carved Roast Turkey, Roast Potatoes & Irish Stew and I've no doubt missed more than a few out here. For dessert, no idea how we managed it, there were small (thankfully) slices of Raspberry Cheescake (ok) Chocolate Brownie with Walnut (delicious) and Carrot Cake (my personal favourite of the three). This was followed by waffles and Eton Mess. Overall this was an excellent buffet experience. There is literally something for everyone here and if, like any buffet, you go into it with balanced expectations of the quality of food, you will be pleasantly surprised. I'd be happy to return sometime!
2	Me and a couple of friends went for lunch and there was not as much food out as there should have been, once the food had ran out the staff never put more out like they should have, the food was cold and the staff were not very friendly.
