1	We have been here three times in the short time it's been open, all for the same medical issue. The first time we were quite impressed and were treated well by the staff. We even got a follow-up call from Katie there indicating what to do if the issue wasn't resolved by the round of antibiotics they had recommended. We did need to go back in and she was not there. Instead, we were greeted by an unfriendly and uncooperative front desk staff who told us we had to pay our $25 copay all over again and go through another test when we were told that would not be the case on the phone. We went ahead and made an appointment for later in the day and arrived at our appointment time only to find that they don't honor appointment times and we were in line with everyone else. Bottom line is this organization does not honor what they say they will do, opting instead to repeatedly make you jump through unnecessary hoops when you are in need of their help. The back office medical workers are fine, but they are overshadowed by the inexperienced, untrained and inhospitable front desk staff who make it their role to make your unfortunate need to go to an urgent care facility even more unfortunate.We will not be returning.
4	I have avoided urgent care centers like the plague, thinking they'd be total steps down from going to the ER. Man was I wrong. I've been in twice in the past month for totally separate issues. Both times I was the only one in the building and was helped immediately. The front desk ladies are sweet, friendly, and very helpful. I have Kaiser, which is a medical care center located only in California, and always worry that places in Arizona won't take my insurance. Not only did they take mine, but they also didn't make me pay a copay. Both of the doctors I had were very knowledgeable and provided me with the correct medicine to fix my issue. I didn't feel uncomfortable at all and wasn't left waiting in the room for hours on end. It was actually a pleasant experience for how awful I felt. I'm definitely going to go here from now on when I have a medical issue.
1	Went in to have my ankle looked at after experiencing a lot of pain and some swelling. While I was waiting in the room I could hear the doctor say, "we sure do have some needy patients today don't we." ...Somebody needs to learn that those walls aren't sound proof.  It took about 20 minutes for the doctor to finally see me, and when she did all she did was move my ankle around with her foot and told me there was nothing wrong. She didn't even have me remove my shoe to really inspect it. I will never go here again.
4	I was very happy with my experience here.  I went in and was treated very quickly though there was only one other person there.  The entire staff was friendly and I was surprised at how much time the doctor spent with me.  He spent almost 20 minutes with me which is an eternity for most docs. The woman who did my intake was especially friendly and easy to work with.  The only minor thing I noticed was one of the girls at the front desk was texting when I first arrived which never leaves a good professional first impression.  Overall, I would return as I felt I received good care here.
3	We were the only people in the waiting room and it was anything but fast! Waited forever. Also note, it's a nurse practitioner.... Not always a doctorOnce we went back, my husband was examined by a clearly inept PA student.The PA came in after the student finishe and did his exam. He came to a conclusion and sent us on our way with 2 prescriptions. Besides the unexplained wait and slow exam, it was an okay experience. Probably wont be back
1	The waiting room was empty and now I know why. And come to think of it, this urgent care looks empty every time I pass by. One day I was "urgently" sick and walked right in. I now know that this is a very expensive Urgent Care, more so than others I've been to and it's upsetting because it's located less than a mile from ASU. When college kids get sick they probably can't afford to spend $250 for a visit without insurance. Come on! Sniffle sniffle. I'm going back to bed!
1	Do not waste your money, I have had nothing but bad experiences. On my first visit I joined there discount program because I don't have health insurance, I was told it would be whatever the lump fee was and the $35 a visit after that. Once I paid the women told me she misinformed me and it is going to be $75 a visit (great). The doctor was nice enough I guess, whatever he prescribed me didn't cure me, I had to go back and pay again and finally I got better. I went back for a different reason and told the doctor what I thought I had, he said I was wrong and to stop reading web MD and sent me home. Went back again and turns out I was right on what I thought I had (oh and the best part, if ignored it can be life threatening). Also on the website it says you pay the 75 and you get one procedure in included, well its not and they are normally and extra 70 and up.  they suck
5	i came in at 7:30pm with a torn up thumb. Needless to say I couldn't fill out the paperwork. The woman at the front desk gladly helped me out. They got me back within 5-10 minutes and i think there was probably one other patient there but was attended to promptly to clean my wound and get it taken care of. Everyone was professional, compassionate and sympathetic. I feel they went above and beyond which is what urgent medical care should be. thanks and will be backl
2	Came in the middle of the day to do a routine screening for a new job. When I showed up, there was just one other person in the waiting room. 30 minutes later sitting in the waiting room, the person before me is still here, and I still haven't been allowed to go in to pee in the cup. What does it take to hand over the cup and stick the label on it?  Oh, and she tells me that if I leave, it's an automatic fail. How many hours will I be here waiting?Also overheard receptionist being rude to a customer on the phone as I walked up... Finally got called back there.  No other patients were in the back of the clinic, so I don't know what the hold up was, and there were a couple of techs milling around. The lady that actually handed me the cup to pee in was nice though.
1	Should rename the place Slowmed. Never coming back here. Took 2 hours to be seen...and the waiting room was empty.
1	Nothing fast or urgent about this location. Had an appointment and 45 minutes later I'm still in the waiting room.
5	Looking at the other reviews, either things have really turned around at this place or I got lucky! I was seen with 5 minutes of walking in and treated with the upmost respect and kindness by a very professional and knowledgable staff. My boyfriend also went in a few months ago and had a very similar experience. Hopefully I won't have to go again anytime soon, but it's nice to know this place is there if/when I need it!
2	Ummm lets change the name of this place from FastMed to SLOW Med and it would be more accurate. I waited in the waiting area for almost an hour and a half before being called to the back! There was 2 other people waiting when I arrived, the next lady in after me actually got so annoyed with the wait she requested her copay refund and left! The actually doctor and staff were nice, but moved at a snails pace. I would find another place before going back here again. #NEXT
