3	Papa Murphy's is trying to take over, but I think Americans and I are to lazy to buy into it. I agree with Shannon on this one. Why pay for a Pizza that you have to go home and cook when you can pay the same or a little more and not have to anything but eat! Maybe it is the college student in me but if I want Pizza for cheap I go to the freezer section,and if i want a tastier upgrade I order it. There is no middle ground for me on this one. Papa Murphy's does have decent pizza and menu items though. Don't get me wrong I'm not completely trying to diss them! Moral of the story is I am lazy and I either want to cook or don't want to at all period.
3	Mo betta than Pizza Hut, Mo betta than Domino's, and Mo betta than Papa John' s (the other papa)'............ But you have to pick it up. The pizza is decent. Fresh ingredients, fast service and friendly staff what else can you ask for from a pizza joint. My rating is 3.5 stars, would give 4 stars if they add a delivery service. Got a combo and cheese pizzas. Combo definitely had much more toppings from those other chains and even grocery store brands. Kids said the Cheese Pizza was cheeeeeesy (not bad but the good cheesy). They also have salads and desserts (you can bake). Did not try either. Would go back again, if I am in the neighborhood.
4	Always loved papa murphys and now I love them even more with the addition of sun dried tomatos. I'm pretty basic with my pizza usually just cheese cause it's rare to find sun dried tomatos. So I am really happy to have another reason to never eat frozen pizza unless papa murphys is closed.
4	I admit I was skeptical of tyring this place. I was pleasantly suprised.Love the fact they have provolone cheese for the pizza.  Reminds me of my favorite pizza place Imo's back in STL.  It's the Subway of pizza as well which I thought was cool and different picking your topping etc..We tried a thin crust as well as a thick crust pizza.  We thought the thin was much better than the thick.  I'm sure it was the oven but the cooking times we off.  Had to cook a few minutes longer than the package said.When I am not being a complete lazy bum and want pizza I will visit again.  For those hangover days when I need a pizza to survive I will still be ordering Rosati's.  this place is way way way better than Pizza Hut and Domino's.
5	I love Papa Murphy's!  Love the fresh ingredients, love the super friendly people who work there, love the pizza!  You can't beat the price of their pizza - yes you do have to take it home and cook it.  It's as easy as turning on the oven.  And you get fresh, delicious pizza at a great price.  They always have coupons available, and the coupons never expire.  I also love their cookie dough.  The cinnamon wheel is ok.  My favorite pizzas - Perfect, Veggie, and Chicken and Bacon stuffed.  I think I eat at Papa Murphy's once a week.  Hooray for great pizza!
3	As newbies to the area we had to try this pizza place with such an interesting concept. We picked our pizzas, one thin crust and one stuffed, as well as picked up a cinnamon wheel for dessert. I can agree with other posts that, although interesting, it seems odd to pay for a pizza that I had to pick up and then bake at home when I could have had a pizza (or two even!) delivered to my door for the price of one. The nice part is the freshly made pizza and toppings assembled right in front of you as well as the very courteous service in the shop. The pizza itself was decent and tasted good but we felt that it wasn't really anything special. It's a good place to go if you happen to be nearby and want to pick up a pizza for later....not when you're already hungry, of course. And so you don't feel like you should have just ordered delivery from one of the major pizza chains for the same price, make sure to use a coupon to get the best deal!
5	Papa Murphy's chicken garlic pizza restored my faith in pizza. I have been to Papa Murphy's a few times now and each time I got something different and loved it! The service is quick and helpful and the pizza is wonderful. I recommend it to all my friends and coworkers!
4	Papa murphy's gourmet veggie. I dream about it.We have ordered other pizzas but this is THE one. My husband has tried their pepperoni and still surprisingly  prefers this veggie pizza. It is piled HIGH with tons of delicious veggies (the good stuff- artichokes, zucchini, etc) and cheese. And it has a tasty, zippy garlic sauce.Service is always super friendly.Look for their coupons in the mail. Not drastic savings, but a few bucks off. And tastes better than Dominoes.
3	The 5 meat stuffed pizza is redonkulous.  The deLites are pretty tasty for a "less filling" choice.
5	I love Papa Murphy's pizza!!  Its so much cheaper than going to a place like Pizza Hut, Barro's, etc. They have a LOT of options, and of course you can customize. They also have lots of coupons online you can use for an even better deal! I love their DeLite pizza, a cripsy thin crust. But their regular crust and even stuffed pizzas are excellent too. They are always quick & very friendly, & you just take it home & bake it!  So easy and delicious!
5	Certainly the best take and bake  Pizza around. We love the ingredients and the thin crust is a healthy option as well. Friendly staff as always. I like it better than any of the other pizza joints around with the exception of Spinatos.
5	Simple, cheap, and excellent.  I tell my oven to preheat at a specific time, before I go to work, then stop in to pick up a pizza on the way home. Even when it's crowded, I never have a long wait.  When I get home, I pop the pizza in my preheated oven, and twelve minutes later I have a fresh, piping hot dinner. What's not to like? A family size pie is good for three meals, four if I get a stuffed pizza.  I always go for extra sauce and extra cheese- just to be sure it will be messy!
1	Take and bake sign was small and hard to see, out of towers , talked to staff about visiting nothing mentioned about cooking it, the establishment seemed to have some cooking facilities, but staff was no help, very poor questioner service.
5	Always a great selection for dinner.  Nothing better then a fresh baked pizza in your own oven.  Boy does it make your house smell wonderful.
5	Super fresh ingredients, friendly staff, fast service, great pizza. What more can you ask for? I don't understand the people who are complaining about how they have to cook the pizza themselves. Pizza Hut, Dominos, etc don't compare. Sure, you can lay on your sofa and have limp, cold, cardboard-like pizza delivered to your door.  Or you can call Papa Murphy's, drive a few minutes to pick it up, then pop it in your oven and have fresh, hot, delicious pizza in 10 minutes.
4	Without a doubt my favourite pizzas. I would happily order anything from the menu and would much rather have a pizza from here then Pizza Bianco.Stick the oven on at 425F. Go and visit a clean place, chat with the magic makers behind the counter while they prepare your order. They'll even hold the door open for you when you leave, which is a really nice touch in my opinion.Lovely fresh ingredients every time, try the Veggie Deluxe and you'll see what I mean. Papa's Favourite is always high on the list and if you order the stuffed option prepare to be full after one slice.The comments from people that think waiting 12-15 minutes when you get home to have a perfectly cooked pizza, is beyond my comprehension of the word lazy. After all you afforded the time to go there in the first place.A little tip to the people that can afford the time and wait for a delicious pizza. Take it off the provided tray 2 minutes before it's ready and put it back in for the perfect base. But use oven gloves please and be careful as it'll be proper hot.All in all a spot on place. I'm sorry about not giving it five stars. It is only pizza after all.Thumbs up to the man that is Brent!
