2	Great location right off I77. Not far from airport. Starbucks across the street. Older Courtyard lobby. Due for a upgrade to the new concept. Which leads me to the breakfast. Nice and easy, but old style buffet. I don't want to go to the trough for breakfast. I would like something prepared for me. Save the buffet for the Fairfield Inn. Rooms need an upgrade too. The pillows felt like balls of nylon. Not to comfortable. Especially when they cater to the business traveler.
3	Nice, typical Courtyard in a convenient location.  The rooms and public spaces are very clean, and the staff are friendly.  I'd never think it, but the actual courtyard itself is one of the nicer ones I've seen at this chain where you'd expect it all the time.Across the street is a Starbucks (1/2 star for that), and some fast food.  That's about it for the area, but it's within driving striking distance to a lot.
4	Rooms are smaller than I am used to,  but the coffee is free, the room a/c worked well and was quiet, and the lobby was very attractive.  Breakfast available if you want, but it costs.  Easy to work in the room.
3	Recently renovated hotel done in the original Courtyard style (block style building with room balconies surrounding a central Courtyard). Has the newer bistro in the lobby with bar / coffee shop / restaurant. Prices are much better than the older $10-$12 buffet breakfast.Rooms and decor are that classic bulk interior of any Courtyard in the country. Same images, same shelves, same furniture. Wifi is free and reliable. Rooms were very clean, the beds are that amazing foam, and everything worked well. Will stay here againThere is a real Starbucks next door (within walking distance) too.
3	A standard Courtyard Marriott... This location has an updated lobby with The Bistro (food/coffee/beer & wine). The parking lot has plenty of (free) parking. The wi-fi is complimentary and offers decent speeds. The rooms were really clean and the beds were comfy.Location wise - Super convenient access to I-77. Starbucks, Jack in the Box, Sonic & Wendy's are within walking distance.
4	Clean. Great for price. Comfy bed and pillows. Nicely maintained. Staff was extremely polite and helpful. Nice lobby with bistro. Free wifi. Free parking. Pool and small fitness center.
3	My grandmother came to visit me for a couple of days and since I live in a third floor apartment we had to find something with fewer steps so that we could make sure she enjoyed her visit. Enter Courtyard Marriott. I mean, it's a Marriott...how could we go wrong?Well, the good first, the remodel that they did to the lobby and entrance was beautiful. Very modern and hip. There's a bistro that serves up some yummy breakfast and Starbucks coffee...so that's totally a win. The rooms on the other hand could use a makeover. They seemed a bit dated. The wallpaper was old, there was no refrigerator and the bathrooms were just meh. The bad; there was one small incident when we arrived, the water was running very dirty. All brown and rust colored, when we called the front desk, they sent maintenance right away and even left a chocolate hammer (YES, I said chocolate hammer....I included a picture!)  with an apology note! Nice touch. Overall, I don't know if I would recommend family staying here again but it was reasonably priced and close to home so it served it's purpose for this visit.
4	Excellent customer service. We drove 6 hours arriving at 10 am and were able to check in and rest before beginning our day in Charlotte. The room was nice and clean and the bed was comfy. Right off of 77, within walking distance to multiple fast food joints. Would definitely stay again when in the area.
5	Excellent customer service!  Hotel was very clean.  Bartender Irish Lady was awesome...Had a great time and would definitely recommend to everyone!!!
4	Checked in at midnight, front desk girl was nice and helpful. Beds are firm. Shower heads powerful but not so that it feels like being stabbed with a million needles. Room clean but we found a bug of some variety when we tried to use the pull out couch. My rewards profile says foam pillows, asked for in the morning but wasn't in the room that night. They did send some up after second request. "Bistro" with Starbucks in lobby :) pool is being renovated.
4	I read some not so good reviews on google and I must say those have got to be prior to their remodel. This Courtyard Marriot has been remodeled to look just like the rest of the chains hotels. The rooms are renovated, the lobby is new and the staff is friendly. Id def recommend this hotel for a business trip or overnight stay.
4	This is a pretty nice hotel.Everything was OK except for the trash in the room above me.Every ten minutes they were lighting up a cigarette and for whatever reason my AC was sucking it into the room.There is no feeling like sleeping in an ash tray.
5	A group of friends and I decided to do a quick weekend getaway. We choose Charlotte and I was tasked with finding a hotel for the six of us. I went to Expedia as usual and found this hotel. The pictures were nice as well as price. We arrived and walked through the doors and all I could say is wow. The property was newly renovated to perfection. The rooms were spacious with balconies and refrigerators. The staff was professions and attentive. I was thoroughly impressed and will definitely stay here again!!!
4	Burned up some of my Marriott points to have my Mom stay here while she visited in Charlotte. The location is great, right off the Interstate. Plenty of parking. Very friendly staff.When we were walking up to the room, I spotted some trash on the floor. And a moment later, one of the staff picked it up. No waiting until the cleaners got to it. This guy just... did it. That's great!The room was quiet enough, other than a bunch of idiots shouting in the hallway late one evening. Seriously, folks. People are sleeping. Otherwise, all good.
