5	Aside from the usual Americanized-Chinese fare, this place shines in what it has to offer on it's "Chinese" menu.  The only place I know that has the ShanDong Chinese/Korean favorite, Ja jang myun.  If it adds to it's credibility at all, both my Chinese AND Korean friends talk highly of the ja jang myun here.  I've had it myself and I thought it was pretty good (although I hadn't really tried it any where else so it's really hard to gauge against anything else).  So if you're sick of the usual sichuan, cantonese, *insert chinese province here*, then give Chef Chiang's a shot.
2	I went here based on the reviews on yelp. That's why I was surprised at how typical and generic the food was here. It's not that the food was bad I just wouldn't describe it as standing out from any other typical Chinese takeout food. I actually didn't see the Chinese menu mentioned in the reviews until on my way out of the restaurant - perhaps you have to ask for it?  it was posted on the window so I might go back and try something from that menu. Otherwise the food was very typical American-Chinese takeout fare. Our dishes had one-dimensional sugary sauces on them. The fried rice was pretty bland as were the fried eggroll and other fried things that came with the meal. I might try it again to see if other food choices are any better but otherwise I don't see dining here again over any other place.  The waitress was very nice and the vibe of the restaurant was casual. As for  improvements besides the food,  they might consider serving tea with the meal and possibly changing the music.
3	Good food, nice workers, a pleasant, relaxed atmosphere and a pretty  good value for the amount of food. My sister, who spent some time in China, commented that the fried dumplings were pretty authentic. There just isn't much to make this place memorable. Nothing unique that really makes me want to come back. If you're looking for Chinese food but don't want to think to much about it, this place is right up your alley. If you're looking for a hip place with some local flare, keep moving, nothing to see here.
3	Just okay.  I don't even remember what I had and I ate there recently.  The service was friendly but slow.
4	The American Chinese food is actually not very good, but that's probably because it's American Chinese food.  The Korean noodle dishes are very, very good.  I have no idea what they are called, as I was taken here by a Korean friend, but I'm definitely going back and ordering more.
2	I picked up take out from Chef Chiang yesterday.  $6.95 for the hunan chicken lunch special.  It comes with the entree, white or fried rice, egg drop or hot & sour soup, one crab rangoon, one fried wonton filled with some indistinguishable meat and one thin fried thing filled with cream cheese and possibly something else but I couldn't really taste anything besides cream cheese.The crab rangoon had no discernable crab flavor.  If I had sent it off to a lab they may have found some I suppose.  The entree was soupy.  Very soupy.  The sauce was ok...nothing special.  It was a little spicy.  The veggie assortment in the chicken dish was pretty minimal and the only thing that tasted fresh was a little bok choy.I don't care for egg drop or hot & sour soup so I won't comment on that.  I didn't eat the egg roll.  It looked overdone & greasy.I probably won't go to Chef Chiangs again.  Mediocre at best.
2	Very mediocre Chinese food.  I wish it was better because I can walk there in five minutes.  It would be the perfect take-out spot.
4	I've been here three times in the past year.  The first time, I really liked their house special chicken.. the second time (a few weeks ago), we tried their Mongolian beef.  Wow..  Just amazing.   We ordered their Wor soup last time we were here.  I wasn't completely thrilled, but I still ate it.  What's really good is their egg rolls.   They come in an order of two with sweet n sour and hot mustard.  Make sure to mix the two! amazing taste. Our recent trip we had Mongolian beef, house special chicken and orange chicken.  Just delicious food.  I love going to a Chinese restaurant and know what Im getting.  Sorry if that means its too American Chinese, but it's good food.  Also the staff is wonderful there.   I love when the staff can walk over and start up a conversation about anything, making you feel like one of the family.  I love this place and  highly recommend it.  If you don't like it.. eh.. oh well, might just be my own personal taste then.  If you do.. awesome!.
5	Always really good food and service and the price is pretty good for the amount of food you get. Family owned and operated. Have never had a bad experience ordering take out.
5	My rating is based on the Mongolian Beef alone. I have been all over trying new places for Mongolian Beef, and this place has the best. I only had a few minutes to run in and out, but it was incredible and I am planning to go back very soon. Very friendly staff, quick service, great food. I highly reccommend if you are wanting to try a new place, go here and get the Mogolian Beef.
2	We tried this place hoping to find a good Chinese spot, but left disappointed with very mediocre Chinese food.  We had General Tso Chicken (1/5) and Hunan Chicken (3/5). We also had spring rolls (2/5), wontons(0/5), and hot & sour soup (1/5). The only decent thing was the Hunan Chicken. Unfortunately, we probably won't be back.
5	Good food. Not too traditional and not too American, I like how it's just right. The owner is awesome too. At first I didn't get to talk to her but like the 2nd or 3rd time you go it's really fun to talk with her. she's real chill and funny. Definitely like the homey environment of being remembered when I go plus the good jajangMyun.
5	The most amazing Chinese food! The staff is amazing!  :)
5	A hidden gem right by Intell. You should ask to see the Korean menu and the servers can provide helpful overviews of the dishes. Great tasting food, will be a regular.
5	The food was great but the service is awesome.  We had only been there one previous time about a month and a half ago.  Today when we returned, our waitress Amy remembered that we had more than 5 in our group the time before (my folks had been visiting).  She then started taking our orders and remembered my daughter is a vegetarian and steered her away from a dish that contained some meat.  This place is right by Intel and she must have seen hundreds of tables since then. It was incredible.  This place is right in our neighborhood and the food, service, and Amy's hospitality make you feel right at home!
2	I was looking for a new spot for some Chinese food... I have seen this spot for sometime now I entered to an empty restaurant.. Waitress was eating lunch at the bar and got up and seated me I was looking over the menu and she was playing with her cell phone and packed up her food and took care of other people that worked there that were eating... I use to work in food service and we would never think of eating on the floor it takes away from customer service... It made me not want to order but I did anyways... I ended up ordering the Moo Shu Pork and The Mongolian Beef... I rate the experience as followed.Moo Shu Pork - CMongolian Beef - BStaff - D-I am not into when they wrap the Moo Shu Pork up in the crepe... I like to build my own and you get left over's that way...The Mongolian Beef was pretty good but I did not like my eating experience at this spot and will not be back.
4	I've been to this restaurant when it was still called "China Bowl" and am still a BIG FAN.  The prices are very reasonable and the food is delicious!  Some of my favorite dishes are:Jia Jiang Mian: these black bean paste noodles are a classic and wonderfully flavorful.  The noodles have a great consistency and this dish always comes out perfect!Shrimp and Lobster Sauce: Intense flavors and fresh shrimp!Crystal Chicken:  a very light dish with lots of veggies.  The sauce is also light but is divine over rice.  Candied Sweet Potatoes: a little pricey but you get A LOT.  The japanese(?) sweet potatoes are cut into blocks and are covered in a sugary candy coating.  this stuff is heaven on earth and makes my mouth water just thinking about it.  Its not on the menu, but definitely ask for it, its worth it!
5	This was our second time here, and the food (so far) is consistent.  Great appetizers, and food.  However, coming from Houston TX, the portions are smaller than what is served in TX.  LOL
4	Great food all the way around, one of those places they make you feel like home when you enter for takeout or dine-in. Their lettuce wraps simply put pf to shame.
2	I went here for lunch today and everything about it was mediocre.  The service was just ok.  They didn't seem very friendly and everything that we asked for seemed to put them out.  I got the Chicken with Broccoli and wanted it spicy.  My girlfriend got the Hunan Chicken.  Both meals came with egg drop soup as a starter which was very bland and nothing to write home about (nevermind on yelp!)  Then came our main courses.  Again, very bland (I asked for spicy but you would not have known it by this dish).  The chicken was such small thin pieces that I do wonder if it was something else.  The broccoli was fresh and the consistency of the sauce was nice but, it just needed some flavor.  My g/f's only ate about 1/4 of her meal.  I wish I would have read Renee's review about asking for the Chinese menu before I went here.  I will have to remember that if I ever end up back here again.
5	Great food, great service! It's not like PF Changs..it's not suppose to be...Took the kids there and they loved it as well..good chinese food in the desert...
2	I only come here to eat their black bean noodles and it is delicious!! The rest of their Korean-Chinese menu is ok but I had better.  The service can be pretty rude. My boyfriend and I are Asian and he's very americanized.  He wasnt too hungry so he wanted to order chow mein  from the "whitey" menu. The big Korean lately literally said "No! You order from this menu" pointing to the Chinese menu. She basically told him this 3 times and told him to get jap chae. I normally would have snapped but i love chop chae so i just watched in amusement.  He eventually gave in and complained about the food he got.  The jap chae wasnt the traditional yummy jap chae.   It was saucey with sir fry sauce and filled with bell peppers.
4	Wow. The best crystal chicken I had....the veggies were tasty and so is the chicken. This is a good option for someone watching their diet. Also the hot sour soup was very good...again the best I had. There was a roll that cane with it...soft and delicious.The lady said am I coning tomorrow..well I just might :-)
5	Good food and great service!
3	Pretty good, nothing earth-shattering.
4	Saw this place in the Phoenix Mag, Asian Food Guide edition.  Came to try out the two dishes that were recommended - San Dong Garlic Chicken and Jia jiang Mien.  Both were yummy and didn't disappoint.  I love Jia Jiang Mien (Black Bean sauce with noodles).  It's like a comfort food for me.  This one was good.  Not the best I've ever had but still yummy.  Bf tried it for the first time and gave it a thumbs up.  They've got Dan Jia Jiang Mien which is a drier version apparently and a Special Jia Jiang Mien which has sea cucumbers and something else that I forgot.  Will be back to try both.It's served with a side of kimchee and like other reviewers, it was eh.  It wasn't even spicy.  What kind of kimchee is that?!The San Dong chicken is a half a chicken that is fried and then chilled and cut into pieces.  It's served with a garlicky vinegar sauce and cucumbers underneath.  Bf was skeptical b/c he likes his food piping hot.  But he liked this one a lot so thumbs up. Service was not the greatest as the older lady didn't look all that enthusiastic but since i didn't come for the service, that didn't matter to me.  Will def. be back!
4	I have eaten here twice now, but I have to slap myself because I have ordered things I'm generally not a fan of so I couldn't enjoy my meals as much as I wanted to.This last time I came in, I ordered chicken and broccoli instead of beef and broccoli, which I'm sure I would've enjoyed much more. Stupid mistake, but the food has been amazing anyway. Someday I'll learn to order correctly and will LOVE my meal. For now, I give this place 4 stars.Service is great as well. Definitely will be back!
5	Love this place for great Chinese food. I also cannot say enough about the service. I was a single diner that evening and I was given first class treatment. I waitress checked on me often, kept my hot tea filled, came over and started a casual conversation after I had finished the meal and asked how everything was and told me she hoped I would be  back soon. I ordered my old favorite "orange Chicken, Egg drop soup, spring rolls and hot tea. I don't know which part was my favorite as it was all very good, very hot and very fresh. Portions were very generous also , in fact I could not finish it. I did notice that this place is very authentic in venue. Nice but not over the top, over decorated or fancy. Comfy really. I also noticed that this establishment is frequented by many members of the Asian Community and i can see why, it is just plain awesome.
4	We had an early Saturday afternoon dinner.  Restaurant was moderately busy, but the food was wonderful.  We had the Sweet and Sour Chicken and the Mongolian Beef.  A bit too much food coloring in the Sweet and Sour Chicken, but the taste was great.  They also seemed to use a very good cut of flank steak for the Mongolian.  Very tender... a few too many onions, but that's not a major problem.  The mother / daughter team who waited on us were great and made every effort to make us feel comfortable.  For an ordinary looking strip mall style restaurant, we loved of the food and probably will be back.  The restaurant appeared to be clean although the rest rooms could be tidied up a bit.
4	First time here...very comfortable clean place. YELP led me here...I was greeted and seated right away. I was on my way home from work and had an intense craving for Wor Wonton soup and mu-shu pork. So that is what I ordered. The rest of the menu seemed like what is to be expected from a neighborhood place like this. But I knew what I wanted so did not explore other options. The service was great, beyond my expectation. I really enjoyed my meal and that also was very good. I would come back here again.
5	I ordered dinner from here last night.  I am a vegetarian and allergic to onions, so to say I am picky is an understatement.  The gal that answered the phone was both knowledgeable and accommodating to my specific diet.  I ordered the beef with broccoli (sub tofu) and it was amazing!  The egg rolls are also a must.  I am definitely going back!!
3	This area has several similar restaurants with similar quality food. I chose this one due to proximity to my house. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here unless I was in the mood for their mandarin chicken which was excellent.
5	I love this place. It is close to work, the food is good, the service is quick and the staff is friendly.  I am a sucker for their green beans and pork, extra spicey.  Oh and their house fried rice is delish.
5	First time here and we're very impressed! Service was very cheerful. We had an awesome chicken fried rice, crystal chicken and orange chicken. I I also like that they have Tsingtao. The decor is nicer than most stop mall Chinese restaurants. The veggies were very fresh. I think that by being located across the street from Intel they probably go through a large volume which keeps items fresh. This is our new favorite Chinese restaurant.
5	!!! They have very good jja jang myun. I justed recently started coming here but i recognized the owner lady right away when i first set foot in this restaurant.  She used to run a smaller chinese joint that sold jja jang myun many years ago in mesa off of alma school and baseline. I remember driving 30 miles to satisfy my jja jang myun craving back then. First time in 10+years,  i had jja jang myun (korean style Chinese noodle wuth black bean sauce) in arizona made by same owner from that restaurant i used to go to all those years ago.  Jja jang myun was just as delicious as before.
5	Love this family and their food. Really good and authentic mandarin dishes. We share a spice noodle soup and a seafood combination which were delicious and pur kinds ordered orange and lemon chicken. Good food.Very friendly people. We'll come back!
4	Yummy food and very consistent on getting a nice diner at a good price. We eat here about twice a month for the last 4 years. My only suggestion is the rest room could be cleaner. Customers use this area too. Otherwise it be 5*
