5	I  went to about 7 tattoo places in Phoenix before I found Inkenstein for my first tattoo. I brought my ideas to Chris and he put them all together to give me exactly what I was looking for. This place is extremely CLEAN and professional. Great environment for a tattoo.  They let you take your time. I sent him an email and set up a consultation and that was it. Fast and easy. Extremely good, clean, sharp work with my detailed tattoo. I will recommend this place to everyone.
5	I cannot think of a better place to get a tattoo. the shop is extremely clean and sterile. The prices are great and so is the work. All three artists are extremely friendly and helpful. I now have two tattoos by Chris Bailey that cover my mid to lower back that i couldn't be happier about. I came in with a very basic idea about skulls and lotus blossoms and he turned it into a masterpiece. I will never go anywhere else for my tattoos.
5	This place is the best if you want a great tattoo. The shop is not overrated very clean and sterile. The owner Chris is an awesome tattoo artist who does well with shades, color, shading the works!!! the people are friendly and won't hustle you to get a tattoo if you are just looking around. I found my tattoo shop.
5	Chris Bailey is AMAZING! with over 15 years of experience this artist is amazing! There is so much depth and quality to his work! The shop had a creatively designed interior and is very clean! I have never felt so great after a consultation knowing that Chris was listening to my ideas and bounced back some even better ones!!  I would recommend this shop to anyone that wants an amazing tattoo and also wants to support a local business! 5 stars!
5	I received my first tattoo this past week on my foot. I searched several places and fell in love with Inkenstein Tattoo. Jason Ballard is amazing! He made me feel very comfortable, caused as little pain as possible and did beautiful work. To top it off the shop was remarkable. Very clean, friendly and fun. I definitely recommend to anyone who wants to get beautiful work done for a resonable price. Inkenstein is my new home for tattoos!
5	Wow where to begin? This place is amazing from the shop to the service. Me and two other people went in, two of us being our first tattoos. We had alot of people with us and they did not seem bothered by it which was nice of them. Place was extremely clean and they were all very nice. He did exactly what I asked for, even explained why I shouldn't get it on one part of my body cause it would tend to fade more, which was nice of him to suggest. I am definitely going there for my next tattoo! Both the chris and jason are awesome :)
2	I went to Inkenstein a couple months back with friends who were getting tattooed by Jason. The shop itself is impressive and unique and I would give it 4 or 5 stars by itself. My friends are all pretty chatty (borderline noisy) and we were all excited for their first tattoos.. We didn't feel particulalry welcome.. Jason, was pretty short with us and cold towards the two of us guys in particular. It's a small place, so try not to bring too many people with you. I wouldn;t go to Jason for any tattoo, hoenstly, and it seems like he charges too much for the quality of work. But I plan on contacting Chris Bailey in the future. His work is really impressive and I still like the shop itself.
5	I have been looking for a new shop since i came to Phoenix about 2 years ago. I was on my way to a different tattoo shop and decided to stop at Inkenstein just to check it out on the way. I showed up at the right time as Jason was finishing with a customer so i had no wait time. I threw out my ideas, he gave his, tweaked them a little bit and i ended up with a perfect tattoo. Exactly what i pictured. My wife will be coming here soon for her next tattoo and i will be back for sure.
5	My brother & I went to Jason to have matching flowers on our backs to memorialize our mother's passing. He did such an amazing job and the colors stayed so bright. I came back the following year and asked him to add a hummingbird and some foliage to complement the flowers. His artist mind came up with a beautiful design with bold colors that is better than what I thought I wanted. Jason is a consummate artist and his studio reflects the pride he takes in his work. The studio is one of the cleanest facilities I've seen and very comfortable.
5	Best Shop in AZ Jason is great. My Tattoo looks Amazing.
5	Found this shop via yelp after the appt my sister and I had with another artist fell through. Called at 8:30p Monday night and talked with Jesse; explained exactly what we were looking for and he said he could do it Tuesday, no problem. Got in Tuesday evening, brought requested samples/ideas and met Jesse. He was excited for our idea and went straight to work on coming up with sketches and stencils. He got everything done and brought us back-even setting an extra chair so we could sit together while the other one was worked on. Jesse took his time, kept us totally entertained the entire time and did everything we were looking for. He didn't try to talk me out of my idea (a white tattoo) nor try to tell me that I would have to have an outline added. He listened and understood I did my research before coming into the shop. And he went with it when I made one small change after finishing the first part of the tattoo. My sister and I already have tattoos but these were in places we didn't have experience with. He didn't try to bullsh*t us and say it wouldn't hurt, he even was sharing his own tattoo stories and how much they hurt and where. It was overall a GREAT experience and I will come back any time (all the way from TX) when I'm ready for another. Side note-the shop itself is pretty cool. Obviously it has the Frankenstein theme, but it's small and intimate. It's definitely the place to come for an experience, not a quick/drunk tattoo. The walls are not covered in cheap flash art-instead, tons of original posters and art work. It's very clean and sanitary (and so was Jesse). I would definitely recommend to anyone. Thank you guys so much!!!!
5	Jason is the best !! He exceeded my expectations , was cool & really helpful ! I will be coming back here soon for sure
5	Loved the whole experience at Inkenstein working with Jesse! Great talent at this place! Highly recommended for your inking needs!
5	I had this faded rose tattoo for 35 years and finally got around to it yesterday.I'll be 58 on  Aug. 19th.  hey, better late than never. I like to do my research before hiring someone like my doctor, dentist and so on.I searched the internet for the best rated tattoo parlors near me.Inkenstein was rated at the top, I don't just got to one page to find the best.I wanted to have a bald eagle's head, which would have covered the faded rose.I called and spoke with Jason Ballard and told him what I wanted. He was able to get me in the very next day. I arrived early and was able to see Jason's beautiful work firsthand as he was finishing up on a ladies back. Truly professional quality work in motion. Jason finished up with the lady and came over to size up the job at hand. ason was very congenial and discussed my options. He suggested maybe the whole eagle instead of just the head, I loved the idea so Jason went to work sketching what he knew I would love, an eagle landing. Jason took his time using his skills to sketch the beautiful picture of the Bald Eagle landing that I loved at first sight. I would recommend Jason's business to anyone wanting great quality wotk that they will love forever. Thanks again Jason, (you da man) Steven
5	I met with Jason for a consultation the other day and the first thing I noticed when I walked into his shop was how clean it was! Loved it! Then I got to talking with him and looked at some of his previous work (which was totally amazing!) and he made me feel super comfortable and confidant that he will be able to give me exactly what I am looking for. I have scheduled my tattoo for the 14th of November and I am super excited!! I just know I'm going to be writing another excellent review on that day!
5	Been a client for years and Jason's work is the best I have seen.  Honestly there is nowhere else I would go and have been to him to fix other people's mistakes.  If you are looking for someone who does great work and is an artist this is the place.  I also respect that if you bring in an idea that is challenging he will give you honest feedback and not just kiss your A** to make a buck.  Seriously will never go elsewhere.
5	I've gone to Jason for each of my tattoos and wouldn't consider going anywhere else.  He's a professional and maintains a very clean shop. I recommend everyone I know to him who is considering a tattoo.
