5	Hands down one of the coolest smoke / vape shops in town. Best customer service out of any shop I've been to. these guys are so personable and helpful. I bought two pens from them and absolutely love them. I recommend this shop to everyone!
5	Love Scarlett and Dan. They are great people and I go see them often.
5	My favorite smoke shop and I don't even smoke!  Once you step in this store you won't want to leave.  All the cool things you could ever want and the prices are just right.
5	I am new to the Vape scene and was kind of intimidated by all the options out there. A friend referred me to Scarlett Vapors after telling me about bunch of bad experiences he had at some other Vapor shops in the area. He was turned off by the pretentiousness and almost scoffing nature of many of the other Vape shops in towns.Scarlett Vapors was very chill and inviting. The staff members were incredibly friendly and informative. All of my needs were met and every question was answered in a way that didn't make me feel like a complete newbie. The kit I purchased was affordable and the vapors are great. Again, I have to emphasize that the attention I was given was excellent. I walked away feeling very pleased about my purchase and am very confident in the knowledge I received on how to use and care for my new device.  I can highly recommend this Vape shop and will visit there again soon. Definitely try the "Watermelon Rancher" flavor if you should check them out.
5	Dan and Scarlett are 2 of the most knowledgable people I have ever met in the vaping business. I've gone into other smoke shops and they weren't really able to provide the information I needed being a novice to vaping and all. This is the place to go if your new to this because they will tell you everything you need to know. They will spend the time with you and only sell you whats right for you if your clueless (like i was haha).  They have all the coolest new stuff with a wide inventory, way more than some other shops I've seen around town that only have a few options.  Plus, they have cute girly batteries that are hard to find at other shops. And their prices are super reasonable with a rewards program so they are definitely worth checkin out whether your a novice or a veteran.
5	Finally found the hookah hose i was searching for. Owners are amazing and really friendly i never wanted to leave!He even agreed to ship whatever i need to the Netherlands. Last not least: they are the cheapest smoke shop i ever been to, and ive been to smoke shops in LA, SF, Phoenix and alot more.
5	I absolutely love this place! Good vibes all around... Dan and Scarlett are seriously the best. They made me feel welcome and the atmosphere is so zen! Positive energy all around (which is what I like to surround my life with) and they have everything! I mean EVERYTHING. From all your vape needs to all your smoke products! Definitely a best place to get anything and everything. I love this place.
5	Absolutely the best Vape shop around! The owners are so down to earth and friendly.. I have been raving about them. Will never go anywhere else from now on :)
5	July 4 I walked into a vapor shop, that I noticed was opening up around the corner from my apartment. I had seen their "coming soon" sign many times before, in passing and finally decided to check it out. When I walked in they were still unpacking their things and getting settled. I met the two owners, Scarlett and Dan (husband and wife). They were both so inviting and sweet. We starting talking and I was telling them how I was looking to quit smoking cigarettes. Their knowledge on vaping and everything that came with it, had me sold! I was ready to stop with cigarettes and start "vaping". Knowing how truly harmful cigarettes are with all the thousands of chemicals/poisons that's in them, I will never go back to smoking cigarettes again!! Thank you Scarlett and Dan for your help! You two are the most genuine and pleasant people I have had the pleasure of getting to know.Scarlett Vapor & Smoke Shop is #1!!!!
5	Owners are friendly, honest people, nice selection. Cool, clean shop, and its getting better every day. The owners are always willing to take suggestions to make sure they have everything everybody wants and needs, and are always looking for ways to innovate. Check it out!
5	Have you ever walked  into a family owned business and had the energy embrace you so deeply, that your soul is energized to it's core. That is Scarlett Vapors. You don't want to leave, Scarlett Vapors has everything you need for vaping and dry tobacco needs and they are constantly bringing in new products! Their prices are awesome and if you need they will ship your order to you. If you have not been to Scarlett Vapors yet? Stop by and meet the family and enjoy the free tasting bar and find your favorite flavor!
5	First off these guys didn't start as either a smoke shop OR a Vape shop. They started as Both smoke shop and vape shop so they brought in everything at once. The juice they had at the time were mostly Pinoy brands, and they brought in Alpha last night. The testers were both in clearomizers and in sample bottles for those who drip. There's also a container with $5 juice. I saw lush and Golden Drops. Prices are average, seen more expensive, seen cheaper.The Hardware they sold were mostly clones, with a few real and legit ones. Good selection but not the widest i've seen. There's also a good selection of drip tips as well. Only devices i remember seeing were the private v2 clone both aluminum version and stainless steel version, Smoktech magneto, and the Helio rda clone. There is a legit mod in their showcase of which i cannot remember unfortunately. Prices are Typical.Service was outstanding! The owners were very friendly and hospitable. I stayed for awhile just relaxing and vaping and soon they were setting up their hookah by the couches and they invited me over to have some. I find this quite nice, I don't smoke hookah as much anymore since i've started vaping but for them to invite me over and not know me is really cool.Scarlett Vapors, like a few other places i go to have SpotOn rewards, so definitely sign up for that if you haven't and learn about it. Overall Scarlett Vapors so far is on my "most chill shop" list to go to. I definitely will be back again sometime just to sit down and chill!
5	Great place to buy you're vaping products always greeted as you walk in.They are very friendly here and it does get busy which means you do have to wait a minute to be helped but when you are helped you won't be rushed along they will take their time to make sure you understand all your options you can tell the staff is very passionate about vaping. Dan and Scarlett are great people Absolutely awesome store!!
5	The owners are very nice.  I walked in and Nine inch nails was playing love it they have really good juice and so much stuff it's over whelming it's my new favorite vap shop. I love it highly recommended by me
5	Hands down the best vape shop here in Vegas. Prices are very reasonable and the staff is AWESOME. They carry all types of different vaping equipment as well as other novelty gifts. Great atmosphere and a tasting bar. 5+ Stars for this shop.
5	July 4 I walked into a vapor shop, that I noticed was opening up around the corner from my apartment. I had seen their "coming soon" sign many times before, in passing and finally decided to check it out. When I walked in they were still unpacking their things and getting settled. I met the two owners, Scarlett and Dan (husband and wife). They were both so inviting and sweet. We starting talking and I was telling them how I was looking to quit smoking cigarettes. Their knowledge on vaping and everything that came with it, had me sold! I was ready to stop with cigarettes and start vaping. Knowing how truly harmful cigarettes are with all the thousands of chemicals/poisons that's in them, I will never go back to smoking cigarettes again!! Thank you Scarlett and Dan for your help! You two are the most genuine and pleasant people I have had the pleasure of getting to know.Scarlett Vapor & Smoke Shop is #1!!!!
5	I didn't know what to expect when I arrived. This shop is very different from other vape shops. As I checked out the vape stuff, I was distracted with what was behind me to find other non-vape related goodies. It's like a vape shop-gift shop!! LOVE IT! Oh...I saw some piercing studs I want so I'll be back!
5	Went in today because of the reviews here. Was not disappointed. Danny helped me he was very knowledgable answered all my questions and got me hooked up.
5	Never anything bad to say about this place. I'm very particular about hookah everything and they seem to have everything I need. On top of that they're very knowledgable about everything related to vaping.The selection is good but the shopping experience is what makes it best. Scarlett is rad and so are all of her employees. Whenever I'm in I find myself turning my "5 minute trip" into 15-30 because they're so friendly. If you like feeling like a regular they've got you covered and I guarantee you'll be coming back.
5	Scarlett's has some of the best customer service in town. The staff are knowledgeable, experienced and warm. I have been going to this store for months now and each customer is greeted and acknowledged when entering. This particular store has managed to marry both a vaping boutique with a smoke shop and still manage a certain harmony. They have the widest selection of vape related merchandise out of any store I have visited to date and their wide range of hookahs, water pipes, glass works and other items ensure you will find anything you may be searching for. This store has it all and then some and always has a home in my top five recommended stores. Whether new to vaping or experienced Scarlett's has you covered.
5	Vey nice set up environment is cool and very helpful customer service I will return to try some of there cool flavors thanks
