4	Great sandwiches, and they were so fast I nearly did freak.  Unwich helping me keep it carb free! Holler!
5	A restaurant can have a menu a mile long and do things well or it can have a small menu and o things GREAT. Jimmy's is the ladder. A simple menu done really well. Basic ingredients that are fresh and tasty. Fresh baked bread engulfs the most basic meats and cheeses with a little mayo, lettuce, and tomato. The price is right too. The large sandwich is under $6 and will satisfy you considerably more than your local Subway or Port of Subs. Great personalities up front and truly the fastest service I have ever seen. There were two people in line when I walked in the door and I walked out the door 5 minutes later with two sandwiches in my hand. WOW, speed, service, and quality all in the same place. Truly a triple threat. Give it a try, you will happy you did.
4	I am really not a sandwich person but sometimes it's just a decent/cheap/easy lunch.  Met friends yesterday for lunch and really enjoyed my meal! The service was good, the location is huge with plenty of seating, and the prices are fair.  The french bread was DELICIOUS (how people do those lettuce wraps when their bread is so freaking amazing I have no clue LOL), and the sandwich was packed with fresh ingredients.  I kind of customized a menu sandwich and they had trouble with my order (I asked for no tomatoes and they also left out the lettuce) so one star off until they fix the kinks.  But I'll definitely be back for lunch soon.
5	Best subs ever!! I am really glad that they opened a location so close to me. And when they say fast, they mean fast. Usually my sandwich is done by the time I pay, get my chips and fill my soda. And there is something in their bread that makes it amazing.
1	Scumbag move of the day goes to Jimmy John's store #2311 (9985 S. Eastern Ave #100). Ivica and I left the office to grab a couple sandwiches, where, there was a homeless teenage kid with a tiny dog standing outside under the overhang (since it's raining heavily today). Kid wasn't even asking for money (granted there was a sign on his suitcase that said "anything will help"). Well before I could buy the poor kid a sandwich, they had called Henderson PD on him, which, if anyone knows these cops, they'd probably arrest him and he'd never see his dog again. Fortunately, I don't think they found him. Bottom line - you're a collection of low life scumbags and I'll be damned if you ever get any of my (or my companies) business ever again.
3	Okay, so this place is okay but nothing to really rave about! today, I had their #2, roastbeef with lettuce and tomato, minus the mayo.  Fast and friendly service, yes.... but two seconds after I paid the kid behind the counter..... I said, do you have more than one bread ( before I ordered, I told him I never was here before), he says OH YEAH, I forgot to ask you what bread you wanted and tell you about the three choices and your sandwich is already done! He actually said to me well, yours is done already but we have white, wheat and a wrap.I wanted white anyway but what if I didnt? would they have re done it? apparently they type it in and IMMEDIATELY start it as soon as you order so after you pay the guy the thing is done, fast yes! but I wish I was told I had a bread choice.Napkins? do they hide them?? LOL, me and another guy were looking, turns out it is BEHIND the counter where they hand you the sandwich, they did not give me any though with the order.Chips/ Jimmy salted chips in the bag were good, kettle type potato chips.  I ordered a pickle, it was 1.25 extra but was fairly big and was a good pickle.  I think they need better value meals though because I paid over 9.00 for a pretty small sub, a small drink and a pickle and bag of chips.I will go back but not on a regularly basis.  A bit overpriced but the food was good and fresh.
5	When they say fast delivery they mean it! I ordered online & about 5 mins later my food was at the door! So crazy to me lolI was thinking something had to be missing or something is wrong but no. Everything was there, correct & delicious. It is nice to have an alternative to the typical delivery foods (i.e pizza, thai, Chinese)  I will absolutely order from them again. Their totally tuna is very fresh & a favorite of mine. Also tried the beach club & was very happy with that selection. Their cookies are pretty amazing too. Did I mention how fast they deliver lol
1	Paid $9.13 for a .25c bag of chips .05c lrge cup that is very small.And a sub sandwich I ordered large that is small anywhere else. The sub was so little and easy to make it was finished before I could get my change.I wont go back id rather pay $1 $2 nore and get a sub from capriottis or firehouse that is twice as big and takes more than a couple seconds to make.The sub by the way tasted like ones you would buy prepared out of a 7-11Bag of chips were really good though! That deserves a star I guess..
1	This place is exactly 1.1 miles away from my house, and they refuse to bend the apparently stringent delivery rules. Subs so fast you'll freak, my ass.
2	I think it's sad that the place i'm about a mile away from the place and I'm considered outside of the delivery zone... I know guys at the University would BIKE even farther... these guys drive cars... sad
5	Fresh, fast and well priced. Very happy they moved into the area. It is always clean. Everytime I jave gone there has been one of the staff cleaning. Fun atmosphere. ..usually have good music playing too.
2	Sometimes I eat at a 'chain' and wonder how it even got past the original restaurant. Jimmy Johns joins that list. Went today and got a number 11, which is off of the deluxe or some-such side of the menu, the hook being 'twice the meat' and so on. What I got, if twice anything, well, glad I did not get the regular. It was mostly a bread and lettuce sandwich. The french roll was good, but that was it. Really an unremarkable sandwich. I can't see ever going back. I don't even care that much for Port o Subs and Subway, but either of those is way better than this.
4	Pretty good sandwiches, amazing bread.  I always have them leave the bread in, instead of hollowing it out on my sandwich.  It's that good.  Sometimes someone at this particular restaurant is a little heavy-handed on the onions, so now when I order, I always as for light onions.Agree with another reviewer who was confused about their delivery area.  I'm about a mile away, and it takes me 2 minutes to get there (3 if I get stuck at the light at Eastern).  We had an event at our office, and I'd just assumed they would deliver here, so I sent our attendees a link to their website so they could let me know what to order.  When I placed the order, I found out they didn't deliver here.  When I went to pick it up, I timed it in the car....it was 2 minutes 43 seconds to get there.  Very confused about their delivery area.I do enjoy their sandwiches though, and this will be added to my lunch options for sure.
1	I was very upset with the service we received from this establishment on St. Rose. We had ordered several times before and they always delivered to is right down the street, barely a mile. But we received a call from a rude employe, stating that we were out of their delivery zone. When we tried to explain our previous deliveries, the employe interrupted several times and talked over us. We told them to keep the food and we are no longer eating at their establishment.
4	Great service and great food.  Very clean and large space that supplies enough seating.  One thing that annoys me is that they never have napkins.  I couldn't seem to find any.
2	Same as a few other reviews on here. I love their sandwiches but they are ridiculous about the delivery area. He told me it stopped a half mile from my house and refused to deliver to me. Take my money damn it! I want a bootlegger!
3	Rating specifically on sandwiches I would give the place a 4 star rating.  The bread is soft and the meat, cheese and veggies are fresh.  It's better than Subway for sure. The restaurant is clean and the service is good.  Buuut, they only have 1 booster chair for kids! One! Like for the whole place?!?! So that means when I come to lunch with my friend who also has a busy 1 year old, we get to rock, paper, scissors who has to deal with their child trying to escape out of the booth and jump up and down.  Sorry Jimmy Johns but I won't be coming back with friends until you can get a few more boosters and high chairs for us crazy moms who dare eat lunch with out kids in society.
4	Great place to get a quick bite on the run. I usually get their Vito sandwich which is their version of Italian with Genoa salami, capicola, provolone, lettuce, tomato, onions & vinaigrette. $4.95 for 8" sub isn't a bad deal, specially with fresh ingredients. Give it a try. Overall (4/5)
4	Always thought this place would suck monkey choad But it's pretty good. Not amazing but fast simple tasty. I do like most that the bread is very thin overall. I try not to eat much bread as it is so this is a big plus. I got the Italian I'm sure the meat is riddled with nitrates but I would go again if I was desperate enough.
5	I get deliveries from this location often, they have been perfect since day one.On time, service is great with my clients. Can't ask for anything more
5	I'm so glad they opened this location!  This place is near my house, and before this, I had to drive all the way over to the one on Rainbow.The establishment here is always clean, and the employees really understand what customer service is, and why it's important.There sandwiches are far superior to Subway, and the extra price is completely worth it.
2	Not empressed  at all my friend waited for this  sandwich  shop to open. We got so excited. I ordered a sandwich  and it was very bland and they didn't even toast it. It looked so pale that it didn't look appetizing. I ate half and I really didn't get excited.
2	Food is decent but service is horrible at the St Rose/Eastern store. They don't listen to any of your requests. Then when we asked to have it fixed, they told us we needed to ask for it when we ordered, which we did. Just not worth the hassle. Go somewhere else.
3	Fast food. Literally, that's all you'll really get. I've been here a few times now and I think the novelty has worn off. I get it, you make sandwiches very quickly and for the most part they're mediocre and a tad overpriced. My most recent visit here had me craving a tuna sandwich with sprouts. After staring down at my belly for a brief moment and wondering if in 9 months I would become a scientific anomaly, I walked up and ordered said sandwich from the emotionless cashier. After waiting what seemed like an eternity (2 minutes, which is long for this place) I hungrily unwrapped my sammie and discovered this thing was about 50% bread, 20% lettuce, 15% sprouts, 5% cheese, and the rest was made up of tuna salad. I was pretty disappointed in this, because in my past visits, my sammie has been a lot more evenly distributed and hearty. I dug through what could only be described as the front yard of an unkempt lawn and I finally found the base of this sandwich. The bread was a little tough and not easy to bite through. I'm not too fond of of their bread here anyways and I wish they had more carb loaded hoagie options other than white bread. They do carry different bread options, but no hoagie shaped variations. The tuna was... well... not my favorite and it had a taste that was a little off. I'm still live today and I feel fine, so it wasn't a "fresh thing". It was just a flavor thing, lots of onions. Not my bag baby! Like mentioned earlier in this review, what's with the emotionless cashiers?... "Just give me your order, your money, and step aside bro.",  I'm not complaining, but just an observation. I don't think I will be back to Jimmy John's anytime soon unless I need a turkey sandwich made in less than 1 minute. I will probably just got to Port of Subs and wait 4 minutes for it, gives me some time to check emails.This is really a 2.5 star review, but their bathroom humor earned that extra .5.
4	Solid place for sandwiches.  Usually quick service, they do have delivery as well.  A lot of good options for sandwiches.  Affordable quick lunch.
5	Awesome!! Their sandwiches are amazing. Finally decided to try their delivery and from the time I hit the submit button on the website they were delivering my sandwich in less than 5 minutes.
