5	Stayed in the Courtyard Las Vegas South 1/3/13.  Very convenient to the strip without all the frenzied crowds.  Kind staff, clean room.  .  .  No problem checking in early.  Will stay again.
4	Stayed here from 1/21-1/25. VERY clean rooms and helpful staff. Travelling back and forth from the strip could be a pain, but the hotel has taken care of that with three different shuttles. They also offer a free shuttle to the airport, which can help you save a little cash. Speaking of, one VERY sweet member of staff, who drives one of the shuttles and whose name I did not get, was an absolute joy, not to mention handsome. There is also an awesome breakfast served daily. Free Wi-Fi in room as well as computers and a printer in the lobby. There are only a few things I would say need a little improving. 1) Coffee selection in the room. This may just be my taste in coffee, but let's just say it tastes like dishwater. The coffee in the lobby is A-ok, just not in the room. 2) Most Marriotts have complimentary breakfast... I don't know whether it's a Vegas thing, but in this Marriott, you have to pay for the breakfast buffet. Granted, it's a kick-ass buffet and is only $8 a day... but still. 3) Where's the restaurant? Oh, the LOBBY is the restaurant? Really? Hm. All-in-all, a wonderful stay... just a couple places I would tweak.
5	Just wanted to say that it was very pleasant staying at this hotel. My husband and I stayed here 3/29-3/31 and really liked the location because it wasn't in the strip with all that traffic but was close enough to access. The pool and hot tub was great also, even though they had a small gym it was great for a small work out. I highly recommend staying here and most likely be staying here again in the future.
5	Stayed here on 2/15/14 for 1 night.  I wish I would have stayed here the whole 5 days I was in Vegas.  I had been Downtown since 2/11 but they could not accommodate me the last night.  Was able to cash In points at the last minute to get a room on a busy holiday weekend.Had room 104 and it was beautiful.  Yes it was a handicapped accessible but it was the only room they had.  Room was spotless and loved the little walk out patio this room offered.  If I would have had time I would have sit out there all day and soak up the sun!As with a typical Courtyard they have breakfast and dinner in the lobby along with the Market and a small bar.  Coffee and water in the lobby for free along with the free Wi-Fi.  They also offer a free one way shuttle to Mandalay Bay, Town Center and the Airport!  They deserve a 5 star just for that!  Staff were extremely friendly and efficient and appeared to LOVE their job.The only negative is that there are no restaurants to walk to.  Probably 1/2 mile walk to Terrible's Gas Station if you wanted gas station food!  I would stay here again in a minute but I go to Casinos in Vegas so it kinda don't work out.  However I know this is my goto hotel the next time I don't wish to go to a Casino!
5	Stayed at this hotel for 6 nights mid-February when I was in town for a conference at Mandalay Bay.  I initially chose this hotel for two reasons: it was completely non-smoking, and it was a cheaper rate than the conference hotels that my work would not pay for. :)  I wasn't expecting a lot, but I was so pleasantly surprised!The staff at this hotel was always really friendly and helpful.  I was impressed that we were always greeted when we entered the lobby and we were always able to get help with our questions.  The free shuttle to and from the Mandalay Bay conference center was awesome - it came every 1/2 hour and was a quick 10 minute ride over in the mornings.  I typically took the shuttle to the conference center in the morning and walked back to the hotel in the evening - it is a 15-20 minute walk, and only slightly terrifying to cross the large intersections, although they all have lights and crosswalks.The room was large and clean.  I loved the free wifi (speed was great) and minifridge with microwave.  The beds were very comfortable.  My tall traveling partner was very excited that the shower heads were tall enough to avoid having to stoop in the shower.  We were able to get a rollaway cot at no extra charge for a third roommate, although we were told that those are on a first come, first served basis.  I can't really comment on the food - there is a breakfast buffet (extra charge) and some dinner options as well, but we did not try them during our stay.  The hotel is conveniently located to the strip and lots of dining options, and there is a Whole Foods a short drive or shuttle ride away.  I highly recommend this hotel is you are in town for a conference and want to stay convenient to the strip but not in a casino.  It is quiet, clean, and the staff were fantastic.
1	Very disappointed!  Stayed here for one night 4/12-13. Originally I called before booking our room to make sure there was a shuttle to and from the strip. The only reason we booked with this hotel is because they said they had a shuttle. The person at the front desk told us it was a different Marriott, then why does the number I called about the shuttle match my confirmation print out? I've never had a problem with Marriott but the man at the front desk was very rude and didn't smile not once even when we approached the front desk with smiles on our faces. It's worth the extra $20 to get a room on the strip so you don't have to pay $40 just to get to the New York round trip.
5	Peaceful and away from the strip. Staffing are awesome. The assistant manager had a genuine personality that made us very very comfortable.
5	Very convenient to airport, wifi is free and very friendly. Here for work but very close to strip too.
