4	Fast and furious. Can I use that for an oil change reference? This is my first time to hit up a Jiffy Lube so I had no idea what to expect, other than it should be done in a jiffy, right? I usually get my oil change at the mechanic during inspection and usually when my car breaks (a couple times a year). So to say I'm not up on my oil changes is an understatement (shhh don't tell my dad!). But honestly, this might make me actually be on time with them knowing how easy it was. I came in during the week around 11:30am. I know, I'm lucky to be able to do this during the week to begin with. There were probably about 3 people ahead of me. 15-20 minutes later I was out the door!Bonus, they have free wifi! So I sat with my computer and worked while I waited. An oil change was $29.99. That's just the basic. I had a couple other extras done (coolant, wipers changed, etc.) so it ended up costing me more than just the change, but I didn't think it was too bad. Now maybe my car won't break as often (not likely). Here's hoping!
5	Ok, so, this place ruined my oil pan. Like, stripped the plug or whatever They tried to re-tap it, and pan was still leaking oil. So, why did I give them five stars? Because they were nothing but courteous and helpful the entire time. ANDDDD... they replaced my entire oil pan!!! The entire $300 repair was paid on their behalf. They actually sent a check to the dealership for me of the entire amount and I had it replaced with factory parts!!! Seriously, for making a mistake like that, they certainly made up for it. Every time I go into the Banksville shop, they're really nice, always polite and courteous. I've had other places grind my clutch and get grease on things... not this place. They are wonderful. And every time I've had a longer than usual wait, they've made it very clear and have always been pretty on point with time quotes. I really like this place.A lot of people don't know this though, but if you go there in between oil changes, they will top off your oil for free with whatever oil you normally use. This is especially nice if you have an older car or have been on a highway trip, where its essential to keep the oil topped off.Excellent service :) :)
5	These guys are great. Snappy oil changes, nice, polite employees, and they don't try to hard-sell you things you don't need. Originally I thought this was one of those places where you actually sit in the car while they do their thing. That's not the case here, if that's what you're looking for. Didn't bother me to go into the waiting room: there's free wifi and coffee!
1	This place is terrible. They have no idea what they are doing. The so-called mechanics put in the incorrect oil and oil filter. The oil filter did not even properly fit! And the oil was too thin for my engine. Complete idiots. I wouldn't trust them to do anything. Never going back. Don't go unless you plan on paying for the damages that they will create.
4	This place was great. I needed a safety and emissions inspection, oil change, and a new air filter. They were courteous, kept me updated on the process, didn't try to push anything on me, and it was done well within the estimated time they gave me. I am very happy with their service and the price and the over all experience.They would have gotten five stars except the waiting room left something to be desired. Five chairs with cracked pleather seats arranged in two rows facing a small TV above the desk. I had my two children with me (ages 2yrs and 10 months) and we felt pretty out of place - not child/mom friendly at all. They were kind enough to switch the TV to cartoons which made my daughter's day but it still wasn't close to the tricked out kid's waiting room at the dealership. I guess that's why jiffy lube charges $45 for the oil change and the dealership charges $90!
5	I recently moved to PA. My first experience with this Jiffy Lube was amazing. Well-trained crews with fast action. Prices are clear and posted on the wall. Waiting area is equipped with free Wi Fi, coffee and vending machine. Truly: I like this place. Highly recommended
1	They lost my business before I could even receive service. As I entered, the employee from behind the counter ran outside and began screaming profanity at another employee, ignoring the customers waiting in line for service. I waited through several minutes of this before leaving without my oil change. I cannot speak for the quality of their work, but I will never return to this location after witnessing this blatant lack of professionalism.
5	I've been coming here to get my oil changed for almost five years now not only because of it's location, but because of the consistently good service I receive. Each visit, employees treat me with respect and understand the meaning of customer service. I also like that you can tell these people know what they're doing. During my oil change last winter, I had some issues with my tires because of them being old (don't worry, I put new ones on!). The employee gave me some advice and I can tell she truly cared about the issue. I also like that fact that I never feel pressured to buy any of their extra fixtures. They ask and if you say "no," no problem. I'm usually in and out within no more than 30 minutes and I never have to wait for a space to open up. Prices are a little steep but they always have coupons to lower the cost. I should add that I have an Audi which gives an explanation as to why things are always expensive! Foreign cars are not fun. They have a TV, free wifi and coffee on hand in their waiting area.
4	Very friendly staff. They explained everything to me. They were having computer issues and I was there a bit longer than usual, so they compensated me with a 25% off discount without asking. I was grateful. I will be back again for sure.
