1	I realize this is a fast food place but I have to say that the food my wife and I had was not great at all. I had the fried pork tenderloin sandwich which was a combination of who knows what's pig part. The majority was fat and gristle. My wife had a burger which was greasy and not all that memorable. The girl ringing us up was rude and unhelpful when asked about items on the menu. We did not have any custard which there known for, but we were so displeased with everything that we didn't want to give them anymore of our money. We will not be going back
3	Fried chicken had great flavor, but was too greasy. Green beans were a little too al dente. Overall very friendly people and quick service.
4	Take it for what it is folks, it's still fast food! Will it be the most gourmet burger you eat this year, no, but where else can you get some tasty meat on a buttered bun with sweet pickles?! It's like a little piece of home for me, a little piece of the midwest, and I'm so pumped the chain made its way west! Grab a concrete while you're there. It puts a blizzard from Dairy Queen to shame...SHAME I SAY. They start with your choice of custard, and IMHO you gotta go chocolate and then they let you add in two mixins and charge you a lil' bit for the rest. Yeah, it's not as easy as DQ, you gotta think a little, but the quality is uh-mazing! Go, eat, love. Know Before You Go: It's fast food y'all!!!
4	I had the sourdough melt and root beer float. Both were delicous!! The pattis are totally fresh and yummy and the bread was buttered and grilled nicely. The onions that they grill into the pattis are super good. I loved it!! The root beer float was one of the best I've ever had. They make their own rootbeer and it's really good. I'm just bummed that they're so far away from us but we will make the drive. Hopefully one will open closer to Queen Creek!!
3	I went here the other day for the first time since I'd never heard of the chain. I had a mushroom swiss burger that was alright but the cheese curds were great after I got past the name. The staff was very friendly too. I would go back even though I'm not big on fast food.
1	Put mayo on my burger after I asked for none. How hard is it to not do something?
4	Yes, it's fast food but very good! I love the cheddar butter burger, fries and of course a concrete mixer! The only complaint about this location is they always mess something up with our order in the drive thru.
3	My husband and I got burgers to go from Culver's recently, and while the food was tasty enough the service left a bit to be desired.  We ordered fries, but wasn'toffered or given any ketchup. I'll chalk that up to being our fault, we could and apparently should have asked. Also, no napkins with our to go order. Burgers and messes go hand in hand and Culver's is no exception to that rule... My husband was still hungry after his burger, if you are debating between a single and a double patty burger, go big. You'll be sorry if you don't. As a side note: I was born in Wisconsin and I was excited about going to Culver's because they have cheese curds. Except, the cheese curds are battered and deep fried so I didn't bother with them. Any Wisconsonite will tell you the best part of eating curds is listening to the squeek, and real cheese curds aren't deep fried. Overall, not bad but there are definitely some areas for improvement. Next time I am passing through Casa Grande, I may give Culver's another try.
3	I was told about this place by some friends from Wisconsin and so decided to stop by when out in AZ recently.They have an extensive menu and so it took me a few minutes to decide to try their current burger promotion the "pub burger" with a side of cheese curds.I knew I would not be able to eat any of their custard on this trip though.The burger came in an onion bun, with fried onions, I think blue cheese crumbles and A1 sauce.  It was tasty enough & well cooked, but really all of the flavors seemed to merge into each other - nothing stood out.The cheese curds were well cooked (not greasy at all), but were really lacking seasoning (I sound like a judge on Chopped).Overall it was tasty (and resonably priced) enough that I would stop by again and try out some other items - and try and make it to dessert.
2	Went here for lunch on Sunday. It was pouring rain. Almost fell when I walked in. The floor was covered with water. No mats inside or out. It didn't take long before I realized the floor had been mopped with cooking oil. I'm not kidding. People were slipping and sliding all over the place. Kids were doing the splits letting their shoes slowly slide apart. I know this was brought to the manager's attention, but he did nothing. I was amazed at their total lack of care and concern. I wonder how many broken hips can be attributed to this place. If they care so little about their customers' physical safety, how can I have any faith in their food safety practices?
4	I've eaten at Culver's a few times now; this was my first time at this location. It was a good experience, overall. We had a large party and put together a few tables in the middle of the dining room and the staff was very accommodating to us. I was pleased with the service although it was nothing to write home about; it didn't exceed my expectations. The food was also good; the burgers and fries were fresh and tasty. We'd go there again.
5	It was my first time eating at a Culver's and I was pretty satisfied! I drove past on a Saturday afternoon around one to find the parking lot pretty busy. The inside, just the same... You know it's gotta be good if there's a lot of people! I was eyeing the tuna sandwich but for being known for burgers I got a bacon deluxe which was good but beware for those that have tmj... You'll have to open your mouth wide for it! The cashier asked if I wanted the fries or to substitute and gave me a list of options. He was very knowledgeable. I ended up ordered a vegetable beef soup which was pretty tasty. I wish it was a little bit more heartier but taste wise it was great. I also had the liberty of trying the culver root beer. I like root beer and comparing it to well known ones like Barq's or a&w, I think it was more like IBC root beer! I will definitely be back to try more menu items as well as the custard!
5	This is the best Culver's I have ever eaten at. From the moment I walked in everyone was friendly and helpful. The facility was very clean. The food was delivered to my table in about 5 minutes and was exactly what I ordered. I will definitely eat here again with my family.
1	At every other Culvers the kids meal has a free scoop and you can get one topping as long as it's not nuts, here they force you to get flavor of the day or only plain custard, we have 4 kids and this is a great perk but obviously this Culvers tries to make more money by charging for any topping since it's close to I-10 and they get many travelers, we are from Goodyear, Az and the 3 or 4 Culvers we have visited around town (phx) are the same.. We left sadly without out kids having any ice cream- I guess we will just stop by the one near our home (Avondale) and get our normal free scoops :(  never stopping here again
3	Could not wait to try a butter burger. Ordered a cheddar butter burger. Was ok. Service was great.
3	This culvers in Casa Grande brings some much needed variety to the slim dining choices of our little town. I would go as far to say that this is probably the best burger in Casa Grande....not that it is saying much. The custard is amazing and I LOVE that they have mashed potatoes with gravy. My family has tried a lot of their menu and except for the Walleye, we haven't been disappointed. The only thing holding this place back is the high cost of the food. Going to Culvers is usually a treat for us and we know that the bill will be higher than most fast food places that we frequent. However, the high quality of the food means that you definitely get what you pay for. I just think that paying 5 or 6 bucks for 4 chicken tenders is kind of nuts. This location has also become the hangout for every elderly person in Casa Grande...I swear. Drive by the outside fireplace area around 7 or 8 PM on a weeknight and you'll see for yourselves. BTW Prepare for a dirty look when you ask for Ketchup...they use these fancy schmancy expensive ketchup packets and dole them out sparingly....GRAB A BUNCH....at least that way you get more for your money!!!
4	Stopped here for dinner on our way back from Tucson on the recommendation of a friend. We were pleasantly surprised at what a great restaurant this is for a fast food place! Excellent burgers, cheese curds, and custard ice cream! My son had the chicken noodle soup and I'm not sure if it was canned or not but it was a nice option apart from the usual tenders and fries! Wish we had these in California!
4	It was a delicious double burger I enjoyed. Close to the best around and I do not eat at Culvers often. This was my first time and I enjoyed it on my road trip.
2	Was excited to try a new burger place while in casa grande for work. I'd heard about these butter burgers so figured it was time. I had the cheddar bacon butter burger and on the cashiers suggestion the cheese curds. I wasn't impressed.  It wasn't horrible, but wasn't good. The cheese curds were nothing special. I didn't enjoy them. The girls that helped me were nice, but I won't be having another burger there. If I must go back I will try the custard.
2	Sadly, they cheat senior citizens who request a senior discount. They only give the discount to one meal on the ticket. When I showed it to the manager he blew me off even when I explained we are both senior citizens. It is not a big financial hit, but in my opinion this place is dishonest to the seniors that come here.
