5	This place is by far the most affordable and best place to get a pedicure in Scottsdale! It's only $20 for the basic pedi. That comes with a hot stone massage as well. I love how they heat their lotion so it doesn't freeze you. They are extremely friendly and value their customers. The salon is very clean and the massage chairs are comfy. They also open at 9:30am which is really nice. This is my new favorite discovery!
5	I was very impressed with this salon. When I called at 6:30 to see how long they were open, Tony responded with "it doesn't matter, come on in. What do you need?"   (They close at 7pm by the way). Once I got there, I had a fabulous pedicure, and did not feel rushed or get less massage time even though it was past their closing time. The staff seemed really nice. The pedicure was $20, and I was told their gel nails are only $25 (which is pretty cheap for Phoenix!). Also, the salon itself is clean and well kept. I highly recommend it!
4	Decent place great service no frills!  I had a gel pedicure with a hot stone massage for $35.  Happy camper
5	Best nail salon in the valley!  Tried to get gel manicure at three other places and wasn't pleased.  Was about to give up when I found Express Nails.  Great service and lasts long. Also very reasonable.  Hot stones and hot towels included in pedicure! Open seven days a week with extended hours.
5	Made an appointment and then showed up 45 minutes early hoping it wouldn't be a problem and it wasn't.  The entire staff was very friendly and I felt welcome immediately, which is not always the case at nai salons.  Then I sat for an hour and had the nicest manicure (inclucing foot scrub, hot stone massage, and warm lotion) and was charged an insanely low price, which allowed me to tip the hell out of my gracious nail tech!  Will definitley go back again and again!
4	I recently got a gel manicure here for the first time and I am SO happy with the turnout. She really took her time and did a great job. I am so picky with how I like my nails so I was really happy to finally find a place where all the employees are very pleasant, take their time and ensured you were happy with their work.The prices are extremely affordable, standard pedicure is $20 and the gel mani was $25I am definitely going back!
3	They were okay. I wouldn't say they were great.  They were very nice and offered us bottles of water since it was so warm in there. Ceiling fans, but no AC? Really?  They were quite busy and as I was getting a pedicure a lady walked in who apparently made an appointment and they had no time to accommodate her. They asked her to come back tomorrow, she said that she couldn't and that's why she had made an appointment for this date/time. I felt bad for her, they accepted two walk ins before she showed up. If you know you have upcoming appointments, you should state that and ask the walk ins to come back or wait. Not the other way around.  Also, the quality of my pedi wasn't that great. Guess I'll keep looking. Cheap? Yes. Worth it? Meh! I didn't think so.
3	Place is decent, staff is very friendly and has this "can do" attitude.  Good selection of nail colors and brands.  A bottle water is offered.  My pedicure was quick and nicely done.  I asked the nail tech to remove my ingrown nail and she did.  The price is right in this place too, they are lower than other nail salon places that I've been to, $20!Couple of concerns I have though is the cleanliness of the equipment used.  I saw the nail tech pick the nail trimmers and clipper from a basket.  Was this sanitized?  The emery board, was this sanitized?  After I was finished, someone came after me and the nail tech ran the water on the basin that I used but I didn't see her sanitized it???  If you are a germaphobe, this may be an issue...Another concern is the constant chatter in their native language.  There was a client who got so annoyed that she told them that it is rude to talk in another language if you are in the presence of a business establishment where English is the main language...
5	This salon is close to my job and is your standard nail place as far as decor goes.No frills.The customer service though, is pretty fantastic.You're greeted with a smile and the girls are all very attentive.I walked in after work and there was no wait. Chair was clean and the tools were sealed in a bag.The standard pedi had warmed lotion and a stone massage. Not sure about the stone thing..I don't know the benefits have having a hot rock on my leg, but it the warm lotion was a nice touch.Lee was chatty and friendly. she gave me a punch card for future use, which is also a nice touch.Their hours are convenient too, open until 7pm.It's a great option for me when I need to go somewhere near work versus my usual spot.
5	Very friendly, great color selection and very accommodating if you don't like your polish color after all! Good price, too. Recommend!!
5	had a pedi and gel mani done today! absolutely will be coming back :) everyone was so nice and the prices are perfect. very very clean as well!
1	My first time at express nail I was so impressed but now the owners moved across the street by subway on the southeast corner of via Linda and Pima and after such amazing service today at nail brand this will def be my new fav nail place ! *** btw they are having an awesome special right now ***
5	Came in for a gel mani and pedi, loved it. They use top of the line product, and they know what their doing. It's been a long time since I found a place I loved so much (I'm very OCD). My long search is over. I'll be back for sure! Great place and not over priced.
5	I found this little nail shop while out and about in north Scottsdale one weekend. It's a fairly small shop but I've always been able to get a chair as soon as I chose a color. They have a better color selection than the other nail salon I go to in north Phoenix, so I'd have to say I like this one better. They bring you water almost as soon as you sit down. They do a very nice job with paraffin, scrubs, hot stone massages for your legs, and of course the polish. They have TV and the chairs are massage chairs! This salon also does a much better job of getting the water temperature right, instead of how other shops nearly scald my toes off. They do take credit cards, but they want tips in cash.
4	Wow, considering this is scottsdale, the price for the pedi I got ($20) is pretty darn good. Nothing super fancy which is fine for me since my priority is that you do a good job. They did just that. Quick to get in.I like my nails cut short and the girl did just that without questioning me like the last couple places I've been to and paid much more. One small detail that I've never noticed at other places is that the mani stations have a hook on the side for customers to hang their purse on. Place is clean. People nice. I'd say this is a good find esp for the price.  If you get mailers, there's a coupon for a pedi for $18.99. Even better!
5	I have walked in here quite a few times after work for a last minute mani or pedi or both and they always get to me right away, even if they are busy.  This last time I had Amy, she is new to this salon but she was a doll and very good pedicurist.  She even painted an adorable snowflake on my big toe for the holidays!  Clean salon, great service, reasonable prices and massaging chairs...that's all I need :)
5	Every time I go here, I leave over satisfied. The staff is nice, friendly, and professional. They don't scream and talk to each other in different languages while you're getting your nails done like the staff at some other places do (I don't mean to be rude by saying that, but come on, ladies. We all know it's not what we want to hear when we're trying to relax.) The area is exceptionally clean, and they have tons of colors to choose from. Generally, I get gel polish on my fingers and toes, and it lasts me about 2 weeks on my hands and 3-4 weeks on my feet while looking immaculate-- the longest I've had out of anywhere else that does my gels. Occasionally I'll get acrylics laid down because my nails naturally don't grow long, and I have them paint on top in solid color. They are the best out of any other salon at doing this. The prices are extremely reasonable. They charge me $35 for a gel pedi (amazing) and $25-$30 (depending on the day) for a gel mani.
5	Best nail salon in Scottsdale. Good price. Ask for Lee. He's there Monday and Weds. Amazing job every time.
3	After reading the reviews for express nails, I was super excited to get my nails done, but unfortunately I didn't have as great of an experience. I am giving them the benefit of the doubt, maybe it was just a fluke day, but I must say I am a little disappointed. I got the $30 pedicure. I arrived at my scheduled appointment time and waited 20-30 minutes, which since I was in a time crunch made it stressful. I was treated with lots of respect and they were very friendly, which was great! The callus remover part didn't do as well as I have gotten at other salons, and the technician cut my toenail lopsided, which is very noticeable. I will probably return to see if it was just a fluke and if they do a better job, but as far as my experience today, I felt like I got a $10 pedicure...definitely not my money's worth.
3	I think sometimes reading reviews first is not a good thing. Like Melaney I was happy that I found a place with a high rating and close to where I was. I had a mediocre experience, the staff was okay and my pedicure was decent. I think $26 for a kids mani/pedi with a flower is a bit much.... maybe because I got such awesome treatment and prices at my nail shops in San Diego and Rancho Cucamonga. Needless to say I will be trying another nail shop while I'm out in AZ.
5	This nail place beats other salons I've been to in Scottsdale for price, friendliness, cleanliness and overall satisfaction.  I had a special occasion that I needed to get ready for, and I had an appointment at another place, but I ended up canceling because they took me here on a walk-in and their prices were much better too.  The nail tech that does acrylics really knows what he is doing.  He's done french tips for me, talons, nail art, basically I just show him a picture and he recreates it perfectly.When I was taking care of my great grandmother (98 years old), I brought her to this salon.  They were the only place that treated her nicely, didn't seem annoyed by the fact she was there (she could get antsy), didn't make rude comments about her.  After her manicure she was so happy, she said it was her first time getting a manicure (which it actually wasn't) & that it was very pleasant and relaxing.  I've gone back so many times that I've used a few punch cards.  Gotta love that extra $5 off!
5	My wife loves this place! she just started going here and says she has only had Lucy give her both a pedicure and a manicure, she is very satisfied with her work. Thank you very much Lucy!
5	They did a great job. They got us right in, they have massage chairs, they were very good.  They gave us bottled water. My daughter got a flower on each of her big toes and there was no extra charge even with a jewel on it.
5	They got me right in... nails were done in less than an hour for a full set and they've been my best set I've had!  They still look great 2 weeks later without much lifting at all.  Just called for a fill appt. and they got me in right away! Love it! Great place!
5	Decided to try this place based on yelp reviews and was pleased! Got a gel manicure, she took her time, did a great job! Very clean and nice place :)
1	After reading the reviews I decided to get my nails done here.  The pricing is by far the lowest I've ever paid in Scottsdale, but the service wasn't the best.  I got a French pedi & Mani & sadly it was the worst French I've ever gotten.  The lines were crooked and the white tips were thick and bubbly.  I was in a time crunch due to Halloween festivities (Fri)  so didn't complain BC I didnt have the time to have them fix it & figured they'd get upset BC it was cheap to begin with.   I spent my Halloween conscious of my nails & kept them hidden all evening long.  Today, is  Sunday morning & 2 of my nails have already chipped.  I probably won't return.
1	Nails looked great, however, customer service is definitely lacking. I asked the technician what color the nail polish number was and he wrote down on the business card "Im not really a waitress" - cool! I'm not really a customer :-(
4	Pedi was very rushed! Fingers was awesome ... They did a great job .. Just won't have the army military guy do it...
