4	There are multiple locations of this business and multiple eye doctors.  I went to the Mesa location for a yearly eye exam and was pleased with my experience.  It seems like it gets very busy, my appointment was one of the first although I still waited 20-25 minutes until I was taken back (I guess waiting is just part of going to any medical office). I was impressed with the technician, she was friendly and did a decent job at explaining what she was doing and why. I saw Jared Anderson OD, he was very personable and helpful.  For the short time I spent with him I would most likely go back based on the first impression.They don't do contacts at this location just glasses prescriptions and they are lacking in their frame choices.  You can schedule an appointment online, fill out all the paperwork they need as a new patient and I really like that.  They have kiosks at the front for people to check in... first time I've seen this but is not a surprising trend.  My experience here was just fine but with the amount of patients they see there are bound to be negative comments along the way.  My advice is to check out their website and see if this place offers what you are looking for because they do offer plenty of services even if it is at a location other than the Mesa office. I wrote this review because the review I saw for the Phoenix location, I just crossed my fingers hoping the good review carried over to other locations.
1	This place was recommended to my grandmother when she was diagnosed with cataracts. I have never heard of such hideous customer service from a doctor's office in my life! Every step of the way, they were rushing her through, only to have her wait because the next step of their exam was currently occupied. They specialize in working with older patients, yet their facility is not able to accommodate them. Even in her wheelchair, their equipment was too high. The assistants there grabbed my grandmother under her arms - without warning or asking her permission - and lifted her up to fit the equipment so they could examine her eyes. Even our eye doctor has a table that can lower down so anyone, of any size or age, can get an eye exam. How is it that the nation-wide famous Barnet Dulaney Perkins Eye center doesn't have this capability? How can that be considered an accurate exam? For one of the tests, the assistant there grabbed her head and maneuvered it into the right position, again without asking. My grandmother may have bad knees, but she's mentally sharp as a tack - you CAN ask her to move her head this way or that, there was no need to man-handle her like that. Oh, and, believe it or not, the doctor was, apparently, too busy to come in and actually see her. Yep, that's right. Hours of being rushed through this and that, and yet still waiting for hours as well, we only saw assistants, never an actual doctor. Through out all this rude rat-race, we were asking the main question my grandmother wanted to know - how much would the cataracts procedure cost? They never had an answer. They told us a "counselor" would have to come to talk to us about it. How long would we need to wait? Oh, only five to ten minutes. We waited for one woman we were told would help, but when she was finally able to assist, she explained that no, she doesn't deal with that information, we had to go wait for someone else. We were sent to another area, and waited for almost two hours to meet with someone who could tell us how much this procedure would cost... and then found out that this person was gone for the day - so no one would even tell us how much we could expect to pay to have her eyes fixed. So rude! The real icing on the cake was the diagnosis they gave my grandmother. Keep in mind that no actual doctor even saw her, right? On the paperwork given to us, they diagnosed her with macular degeneration. We asked for clarification on this, and they stated that, oh, this was standard for a woman of her age. No one said she actually did have it - they based the diagnosis on the standard averages for people her age. Honestly, how can they expect us to believe that when they didn't even bother to send a doctor in to see her personally? Suffice to say, I feel that they treated my grandmother as nothing but a number. They ran her through without talking to her or bothering to treat her like an actual person. Frankly, I understand that the diagnosis they gave her was possible, but we're going to go somewhere else for a second opinion. We plan on finding a doctor who will not only come in to see their patients, but will treat them like people, not just a standard age.
1	I've never experienced anything as bad as this place:  Forgetting physicals before surgery, forgetting insurance paperwork, charging $90 for two digital photos by an assistant which took one minute, sitting on the phone on hold for up to 20 to 30 minutes and not having anyone return the calls, having them overcharge because the staff could not add, waiting for hours to see the doctor, then having them bill me over $700 for a 20 minute consult and second eye exam.  The referring optometrist did the exact same exam two weeks before but because of "office policy" they insisted on a repeat even though my insurance would not cover most of it.  You decide if these un-professional doctors and useless staff are worth it.  Now I have to start over and it took many months to get scheduled in.  It is much worse than the highlights I registered above.  You decide whether your time is worth it.
1	Frankly, if I could give this place zero stars I would.  Though I thought highly of Dr. Fintelmann, the ophthalmologist  I was seeing at the office, the way the practice is run is nothing short of a disaster.  My first inkling of trouble occurred several weeks ago when I was experiencing extreme eye pain and was informed that all their physicians were at a conference in Chicago when I called their emergency number.  They said I could see an optometrist; but as I suffer from a relatively rare eye disease, I knew an optometrist could not help me.  (Optometrists are great at fitting glasses but do not have the extensive training in eye diseases that an ophthalmologist has.)  After five days of agony, the pain finally lessened, and I kept my next appointment with Fintelmann.  He told me I needed surgery, which I proceeded to schedule.  A few days later, I received a call from a "patient advocate" who informed me that, whereas Dr. Fintelmann would perform the surgery, I would have to see an optometrist thereafter, even for the post-surgery follow-up.  When I informed her that this was not acceptable to me, she said that I was fired from their practice and please don't call again.  She then hung up on me.  So here I sit in pain, having a serious eye disease that can cause blindness, with a medicated contact lens and plug in my eye that should be removed, needing surgery and with absolutely no continuity of care.  By the way, I have tried to find another cornea specialist (there aren't many) but have been told that I'll have to wait months for an appointment.  Not to be melodramatic, but I could go blind by then or stark raving mad with pain.  Sorry, if you need eye care, run away from this outfit as fast as you can.  All they care about is money and doing things their way, regardless.  You, the patient, really don't count for anything.
5	After reading all the negative ratings, all I can say is I must have gone to a different location!  Actually, I was at the Mesa location.  However, I found everyone at the front desk to be very courteous and nice.  Every step of my journey to cataract surgery with Dr. Fintelman was top notch.  He is an excellent surgeon and has the most perfect set of hands to perform the work he does.  Yes, the waiting rooms were always full.  Yes, there are not many "current" magazines.  But the care and attention I received outweighed the minor concerns.  Bring your own reading material!  When I was there for my follow up after cataract surgery, the waiting room was full.  They brought out extra chairs and a wonderful nurse brought out a basket of juices and energy bars for everyone.  Cut  'em some slack!  We're all getting old and it's no fun going to ANY doctor.  Make the best of it.  What's the alternative?!  You're above ground and lucky to be here.  Enjoy your life, no matter what ailments you have.  It definitely beats the alternative.  Thank you, BDPEC for an exceptional experience.  I will definitely recommend you to my friends.
1	While Dr. Fintelmann is technically adequate - he does not have the drive to dig into his patients and really solve unusual issues.  I was referred to Fintelmann because of a cornea problem and after more than a year, it still persists.Additionally, I can only echo the terrible support the office staff provides to the patients.  With transportation issues limiting my options, there were times when I had an appointment at the Mesa office, it was on a day the Dr was at another site.
