4	have been meaning to check this place out since it opened, been hearing good things from friends 'bout it. i went for late lunch the place was empty but boy howdy i was very happy i finally went. kinda little bar/grill like on OB in san diego. who knew in the hidden strip mall next to the check cashing store?the beer was icy goodness. the wings crispy, tasty.  we got lunch menu fish and chips and fish and shrimp taco plates. both came with the yummy fries that make life a good thing. everything was fresh and good to the last morsel.the waiter said they have different specials thru the week, one is kids eat free and one buy one get one half off. there were posters up for the fight this weekend and they had the projector tv so sports bars vibe also.they have beer/oyster shooter specials in the mornings so early games during football season might be a staple in the fall.i sure hope this place makes a go of it cuz it makes me happy to leave the house.
4	Great food, cold beer and laid back attitude.  Love this place!
4	My husband and I have been wanting to come to this place for some time since we moved right down the street from here. We were a little put off by the "no firearms" sign on the door, but after a long Monday we just wanted to watch some football, eat some seafood and grab a few cold ones. We came into this place and sat at the bar so we could watch some Monday Night Football on their flatscreens. We both ordered some fish tacos since it was their Monday special ($1.50) and split an order of "buffalo" shrimp. Shrimp was not the typical Red Hot buffalo style you'd expect. Instead they were loaded with other seasonings, but fairly decent. The fish tacos were delicious though! My husband claimed they were the best fish tacos he's ever had. We also ordered a barbacoa taco...and then another after having a taste...WOW! I didn't think I would ever say this in my life, but these tacos blew my mom's homemade ones out of the park! They were absolutely delicious! Drinks were cheap on happy hour. Bartender even offered me 2 drinks to make sure I could get them at happy hour price before it ended in the next 2 minutes. We came back for their brunch buffet on Sunday. It was just okay. Not a whole lot of selection. I'd much rather stick to their menu. Overall - Good, friendly service, great food (on menu). Kick back, no trouble kind of ambience, although the sign outside makes u think otherwise.
3	So, it was our first visit to Pelican Bay, and we'll certainly be returning!Now, their prices are a bit...steep(I'm talking about normal menu items, not specials). However, it's just around the corner from us, and such a lovely, cozy little hole-in-the-wall that I can't resist loving it.I had the peel-and-eat-shrimp(regular...I'll have to try Cajun-style another time). it consisted of about 25 small shrimp and a side of cocktail sauce(I think it was housemade). I added some of the Tapatio hot sauce(there's a bottle on every table), and enjoyed my shrimp whilst swigging 2 Negra Modelos. my meal(excluding the beer) was $9.95Jamie had the steak sandwich--a giant slab of steak on hoagie bread. price? $9.95. it came with french fries(effing FABULOUS steak fries)...but apparently, they were $2 extra. wtf? whatever...they were well worth it; so amazing drizzled with malt vinegar(again, a bottle on every table) and salt.our total bill? $29.50. a little crazy, to be honest...but, the bartender(owner?) was attentive, and they have a fabulous selection of seafood and Mexican food. unfortunately, the beer selections were lacking. stick with Negra, and you're golden.next time...either the seafood cocktail(octopus optional), the ceviche tostada, or the steamed clams :p
4	Went here because we bought the Groupon. Given their prices we were expecting the place to be more upscale, instead of sports bar ish and were a little taken aback at first. The waiter was great, very nice and kept our drinks refilled. We ordered the Clam Chowder which you can only get in a bread bowl, or with the bread bowl made into garlic bread. I was kind of put off by this but the garlic bread was literally the best I've ever tasted in my life. I have no clue what kind of magic spices they added to it, but it was delicious! The Clam Chowder was also good, though a little on a overly clammy side (I'm aware I'm the only person that complains about having too many clams in my chowder). I ordered the Fish and chips and my husband got the Fried Shrimp and Chips, both were good, but we ended up switching lol. The portions were huge, we ended up eating the rest for lunch the next day.We will definitely be going back.
4	We went to Pelican Bay the other night because we had a Groupon coupon to there and we wanted to try it out.( I recently moved from the west valley to the southwest valley. Huge difference in everything.  The SW side SUCKS but at least this is a temporary move.  Finding good food out here is like trying to find a needle in a haystack...they are out there just not common.  Lets put it this way Surprise Arizona is a food mecca compared to Tolleson.)Its all chains out here and a few independent gems that I have really search out and love.All in all a very good meal.  I got the seafood special pasta and it was very good, pricey but very good.  $16.00(I think) for pasta however it was LOADED with shrimp, scallops, muscles and clams still in the shell, very impressive amounts of seafood.  I really enjoyed my meal.  The hubby's was a little bland he got the seafood fetuchinni (sp)  but it was decent, he wouldn't order it again.The appetizer...coconut shrimp was amazing.  Its a coconut tempura shrimp(jumbo) with a spicy orange dipping sauce.  My only complaints about this dish 1) it was all gone 2) odd # of shrimp, cant evenly split it.The bar was hopping too.  I'd go back for a beer any time.The waitress was a little strange, attentive but there were a lot of awkward silences between us and her.  It was just odd.It's more than a 3 star but less than a 4.  I went 4. Its not a chain, they try hard, food is good, good bar,  and its in Tolleson.If you live out this way please stop in and have some food and drink.  If I lived in Mesa I wouldn't drive out here.So summaryPro'sdecent food in the Tolleson areaA decent bar in the Tolleson areaA non chain restaurant in this godforsaken areaCoconut shrimpVictoria beerCon'sPricelots of UofA fans
5	Awesome food!!! Excellent service!!! Ok prices...
5	I heard good things about this place and decided to try it out. The place is very clean and the staff is really nice. They have specials everyday ! i thought there food was fresh. I had a shrimp cocktail and fish tacos.  I will be returning to this place soon with friends.
4	I wanted seafood and my husband suggested this place, said they had Mexican/Seafood.  We tried this dish they had as the special called Agua Chile.  It was amazing...I also ordered the Carne Asada tacos which were very good.Cheap beer during happy hour too.The staff was very attentive and friendly. We will definitely go back and bring some friends!
4	Place is delish. Sweet daily specials and right down the street! Love this place to watch Cardinals games.
4	from the oysters to the all you can eat fish and chips for $9.99, not a bad deal all around.
3	This is small sports bar/restaurant hole in the wall place and it's very relaxed. The seafood is very good. The only really bad thing about this place is the prices. That's the only reason I don't come here more often.
4	Cold beers n great ambiance.  The fish tacos ARE THE BEST IN AZ !!!!
4	Great little neigborhood pub where there are no pubs.  It is the only bar in the area and has some great little specials daily along with some pretty decent food selections.  Some prices are great and others seem pricey for the type of place it is.  All you can eat fish and chips on Friday is a good deal, wings are great here.  They have a half pound cheeseburger that is awesome and very reasonably priced, but fries are extra...I think the place could use some management advice for a few little turn-offs that may cost them business.  Drink specials are decent though they need help with some of their drink recipes as the margarita I had tasted really odd.  Great for beers and food specials though and not a bad place to kick back and relax.
