1	Portions too small.  My husband and I both got quiche.  My husband went home and ate breakfast again.  Service was terrible refill on coffee came almost at end of meal.  There was no dressing on salad we couldn't ask server because she never came back to table.  We had to get up to get the bill.  The only thing good was the view.
1	I was veeeery excited to try out this restaurant since I had been watching/hearing about the Edgewater's exciting renovations for such a long time, so when a member of my dinner group suggested it, I was delighted. We dined here on 10/11/14.We valeted our car.  I wasn't even out of the vehicle before I was greeted by a couple of obnoxious drunk guys spouting off at the mouth.  Badgers won that day-gotsta celebrate I guess.While one of us checked in our party of 12, the rest of us thought we would get a drink at the bar while we waited.  It was a very makeshift bar-the kind you would find at a very makeshift wedding reception with only a handful of different liquors set out on a table with some wine, no tappers, etc. Thankfully they were ready to seat us before we even got to order... so we proceeded to the table.The restaurant was comfortable. High ceilings, warm, soft lighting from the well scaled chandeliers hanging above. Obviously the view of the lake was fantastic as the Autumn sun was setting.  Too bad the open kitchen's bright task light kept trying to creep in and ruin my ambiance.  So back to my pre-dinner cocktail....I love a good old fashioned and quite frankly, was scared to order one after seeing that ghetto bar, but it's what I really had a taste for, so I thought I would exercise due diligence and ask some specific Qs, such as, if they muddle their drinks, etc. After about 30 long minutes, our drinks arrived. Well, the muddling turned out fine, but there were only about four ice cubes in the entire glass. One of my dining companions, Rich B. (see his recent review on 10/12) was kind enough to order me a glass of ice to make it right. Thanks, Rich B!  I ordered the beef heart tartare. Edible, but still some of the worst I've ever had and I pretty much order tartare whenever I see it on a menu.  Chef was a bit heavy-handed on the mustard. I ordered the Filet for my main course-medium rare.  They served it to me somewhere between Medium to medium well. I sent it back and enjoyed the company of my friends while they prepared another for me.  Soon afterward, as my friends were finishing up their meals, the Manager brought me my second steak.  I cut into it to find that it was so rare it was purple.  Mgr said she was hurrying my steak so that I could eat dinner, but I never really ate anything because I obviously sent that one back too. Haste makes waste.   They did ask me if there was ANYTHING on the menu they could get me to right this wrong, but at this point, my friends had finished eating and I had run out of patience, so it's a good thing that bottle of Sauvignon Blanc I ordered went well with my bread and butter dinner. My husband had the Seared Diver Scallops with Risotto. He wished there were more than three scallops, but the dish was tasty.  Many of our friends ordered the fish and it was horribly overcooked in every case. As a peace offering to one of us in the group when they forgot to bring out their side dish, they offered a different potato type side dish of baby potatoes encrusted (=coated and rolling around in) salt.  //see picture//  This was perhaps the highlight of the evening and gave us all a good chuckle.  It was something you would expect your four year old to whip up and surprise you with on Mother's Day.  What on Earth was going on back there in that kitchen?!?!No.  Just no.
3	The Statehouse is now open to the public (as of 10/18/14).  Went for Saturday Brunch on opening morning.  The view is great and the Dining Room looks beautiful, as well as the full bar, which is not yet operable.  Service was acceptable but not great.  He was friendly and somewhat attentive, but he seemed to lack experience.  We (2) both had coffee and noticed that they need to change the little cream holder/dish; when you pour the cream, there is nothing you can do to keep it from dripping down the side and spilling everywhere.  The food, like the service, was acceptable.  We ordered (1) Fruit Plate, which was beautiful and (2) The Biscuits and Gravy, which was served with fried ham and some eggs.  Very middle of the road.  I ate it, but was not impressed enough to go back for it.  We also split the Red Velvet Stack.  I was very excited because these are, as far as I know, the first on menu Red Velvet Pancakes in town.  One again, they were alright.  Not very red, but more brown, which is actually more true to red velvet, and I'm not going to complain that they decided not to put dye in them.  The flavor of the actual cakes was fine, they did however pick up a lemony flavor from the mascarpone.  I should have ordered the mascarpone on the side and asked for real butter, that was my own mistake.  I will go back to try more of the menu, as I am a Breakfast and Brunch freak.  I just hope that next time I am as impressed with the way the food tastes as I am with how good it sounds on the menu.
2	I've been to the Edgewater twice now for food/drinks, and, living on Langdon Street, I want to give the place the benefit of the doubt because having such a beautiful restaurant/facility practically next door is exciting. And yet, both times I have been underwhelmed. The service is very formal, which may be a good thing depending on your taste, but from my perspective, tends of come off as stiff and just a little bit classist.More importantly, the food is nothing but a let-down. Madison is a foodie paradise. With destination restaurants such as L'Etoile, innovative gastropubs like Merchant, and local ingredients galore, the Statehouse cannot expect to compete if it continues on its current path. My bother and I ordered the duck confit poutine ($10). The fries were clearly frozen, the duck was dry, and the cheese seemed extremely processed. There was also a small (imperceptible until it was in my mouth) bone left in the duck meat. My brother ordered the bourbon burger ($12)--although we're 95% sure he received the bacon cheeseburger instead--medium rare, and received a dry, overcooked (no pink to be found in that patty) basic bacon cheeseburger. I, not having high hopes, ordered the grilled cheese sandwich ($9) which was actually very tasty but, come on, how do you screw that one up? All in all, other reviewers are right on the nose when they say that the Edgewater and Statehouse are beautiful, but the service is stiff and still working out some kinks and the food is mediocre at best, and certainly not worth the price, even if you factor in the ambiance. I have high hopes that the Statehouse will work through these growing pains and begin to invest in high quality ingredients and attention to detail. If not, the restaurant will not survive in the Madison dining community.
1	An utter disaster. Valet only parking no valet parkersNo choice of seating in a near empty restaurantDarkened room midday Had to request wine list One order of a walleye plate morphed into the delivery of a fish sandwich which wasn't even on the menu The salt shaker top was loose so it all poured on my meal French fries cold and soggy Never offered desert Took 4 people to validate parking The place is a mess
2	Just a disaster. We walked in on a Friday afternoon to make reservations. They told me that for a party of 2, as in only 2 people, the only open reservations they had was for 6:00PM and 9:00PM. I Asked if they had a 5:00PM slot, and they said no. We were excited that it seemed so packed (so it must be popular!) and picked the 6:00PM slot.Showing up at 6:00PM on a Saturday, we found the place to be a complete ghost town. We were literally the ONLY people in the restaurant. No, I'm not saying "Yea there were a couple of other tables filled but it was overall pretty empty". I'm saying "There was not another seated table in the entire restaurant except for us." Clearly not as popular as they thought they were in their heads (but their ego only expands from there).The ambiance is beautiful, and the restaurant itself is presented quite well. Kudos to the construction and design crew. The design however is where the favorable parts about this restaurant end. Our waiter was decent. He knew most of the menu, was able to give us a basic description of the wine (though flubbed on telling us the location of most of them). No personal stuff, no chit chat. There was a very clear line between who he was (somebody there to make us pay for a service) versus who he wasn't (there to help us enjoy our meal to the fullest). The food is ridiculously overpriced. Their cheapest entree's are around $30 and for a decent steak expect to pay upwards of $60+. That's for a SINGLE ENTREE. Want a side with that? Expect to pay $6 each for watery mashed potatoes or soggy asparagus. I was incredibly underwhelmed by the food. In no way was this a $150 dinner for two. I could have gotten a better meal down at the square for a third of the cost, easily. It seems that the Statehouse thinks that it is the only classy and decent food serving place in all of Madison, and can thus charge you an arm and a leg for a basic meal. NEWSFLASH: THIS IS MADISON! This place is a foodie's dream and far far better food exists just a block or two away. Save yourself the massive pocket book write-off and go to a place where you will actually get quality food.Overall, I felt like the entire time the Statehouse was attempting to tell me that it was better than me. If this place was decently priced, I might actually return and recommend it just based off of it's ambiance and location. The adequate service and overpriced food forces me to not recommend this restaurant to anyone except those who wish to waste their money.
2	We went for a brunch buffet on a Sunday morning. The atmosphere was nice with a fantastic view of lake mendota. The food was very good, great selection at the buffer and great quality. The pastries were excellent, as was the French toast and sausage. However, the service was very poor. Might be in part to them being fairly new, but some things were inexcusable. The staff never picked up our used plates, there was just a big stack on our table. We also had to ask repeatedly to get coffee refills and the omelette bar was all over the place. They served us the incorrect omelette on one occasion and underdone omelettes on two others. The waitress we had was only mildly attentive and seemed overwhelmed though they weren't terribly busy. Would like to go back for the food but if the service doesn't improve we won't be back.
2	Went to lunch at the Statehouse in early December. I ordered one of the only vegetarian dishes on the menu, a beet, red rice, and bean burger w/ vegan cheese and a whole-grain bun. The beets in the burger were very flavorful but no seasoning was detectable, it was very dry, and it the ingredients seemed over-combined to the point of making the burger mushy. Overall it is not an impressive veggie burger and is in desperate need of some seasoning, texture, and sauce. Graze has a much more flavorful beet burger. The cheese curds we ordered, on the other hand, were delicious and not too greasy. The Basil Gimlet cocktail is super refreshing. The furnishings in the restaurant are a little awkward for the room, but the view of the lake on a good-weather day is stunning and the open-kitchen is gorgeous. I would go back for cocktails and apps on a sunny day, though not again for lunch.
4	From looking at the other reviews on here, I am a bit relieved that I only imbibed at the Statehouse.  It really is a beautiful space on the lakefront here in Madison, which is a rare find.  I have my fingers crossed that their kitchen will be able to work out the kinks!  I highly suggest meeting up with friends and family for unwinding on a late afternoon/evening.
1	It was our first outing to this newly renovated hotel and the Statehouse bar. We didn't dine there, although we intended to order some bar appetizers. Overall, the experience was just awkward.- The bar table we chose had been wiped down with a sour rag, so it smelled awful. Awkward.- We asked if we could sit in a different area. "Yes, but you can't have drinks out there." Awkward.- We found a spot to sit, but had to flag down a bartender/server to take our order. Awkward.- With a group of four, we were given just one bar menu. We asked for another menu but were told there was a shortage. Awkward.- The drinks arrived and the server promptly left. We were considering ordering some food, but we weren't going to flag down help yet again. Awkward.- All four of our drinks sat empty for about 10 minutes before anyone checked on us. Awkward.- To accompany the second round of drinks, we asked for ice water which was delivered about 15 minutes after the drinks arrived. Awkward.- We asked the front desk about validating our parking and was told, "No, you can just pay on the way out." Awkward.Given the Edgewater's longstanding "meh" reputation in Madison, its stumbles out of the gate after the renovation and its apparent lackadaisical attitude toward service, training and effective management, it's going to be a tough road. There are so many better options.
5	My family just had an elegant holiday dinner at The Statehouse at The Edgewater after an hour of skating on their Plaza.  There were 11 of us and we plan to make it a tradition every year when the kids come home for Christmas.  The food, service and wonderful atmosphere were all superb.Gary Stebnitz
2	My family and I made a reservation for eight and ate off of the diner menu.  The atmosphere was great and the seating was very comfortable, although elbow around the table could have been better.  The food was OK, not great.  I had the KC steak which I ordered medium rare but it came back medium.  My wife ordered the same and hers was cooked perfectly.  Overall, I'd say the steak was comparable to Outback Steakhouse but at more than twice the price.  The steak wasn't a bad cut, it just didn't have any real flavor.  I recommend visiting the Tornado Room for a high quality steak that's actually worth the price.  We had several appetizers.  The crab cakes were good.  The "sweet bread" wasn't bad.  Understand that this is a meat dish though, and from what I understand, it's cow thyroid.  Again it wasn't bad, but I certainly wouldn't order it again.  The highlight of the menu were the several desserts.  The cheesecake, baked in-house pie, and chocolate cake were all very good.  I'm willing to try this restaurant again, maybe for the breakfast menu, but currently, this restaurant isn't worth the high price point.  If you are staying at the Edgewater, get a cab and try out any of downtown Madison's better restaurants.  You'll spend less and have a better dining experience.
