1	Went for a late night snack, the person taking the order could not get it straight, when it finally looked like he had gotten the order right, they gave it to us.  The cheese queso was so oily and greasy it was disgusting, I asked for a chicken queso with just chicken and cheese no veggies and got a load of onions and peppers.  My brother in law got a steak taco that was soaked with water.  I will never eat at this horrible location again and we are fans of Robertos.  Honestly all these mess ups it is hard to believe was coincidence considering I never have had these troubles at the other.
5	Clean and shiny! I love this place! I will miss it now that I moved. They are very friendly, and they don't ever overcook the tortillas, which matters greatly to me.I recommend the Carnegie Asada Nachos, with meat, beans, cheese, sour dream, guacamole, and salsa. The Shrimp Burrito has rice and peppers, and has a very spicy kick!
3	Sometimes you get an undeniable craving for a lengua burrito. If you don't mind your walk-in order taking ten minutes without a line, this might be the place for you!If you really like lengua with cilantro and onions, you're set. Because that's what this burrito is: an arm-sized burrito stuffed with nothing but lengua, cilantro, and onions. But if you want a burrito, maybe look elsewhere- not sure why there weren't any vegetables, beans, rice, cheese, guac, etc on my burrito at all and the menu doesn't really say anything to explain it. On the bright side, I didn't have to worry about filler bites with just rice and lettuce or anything, but this wasn't what I was expecting when I ordered a burrito.The salsa bar up front is stocked with radishes, onions, jalapenos, and various salsas- the green and red were both better than I expected, and I preferred the red. Wish I'd gotten more.
2	Havent been to a robertos in 5 yrs so i was excited to try but to my disappointment it was not as great as it used to be . The asada fries were small for the price and not as tasty as other restaurants. I suggest you try Don Tortaco they have the best asada fries double portion for $1 less.
2	This is a hit or miss kind of place. I usually only come here if it's late at night or when I don't feel like getting out of the car. It's alright.
3	Honestly, I wanted chinese food but ended up here. I heard this place is great when you're drunk but when I walked in, I was fully sober. I walked up to the counter and tried to decide what I wanted. After long decision, I ordered the chicken roll ups and a burrito for 6.65. I ate the roll ups and they were beyond dry. I could of dipped them in water and could of been still thirsty. They had a little sauce station which I grabbed some sauces but that didn't help. The burrito was at least juicy but it was over packed with chicken. Apparently it had bell peppers and onions but all it was dryish chicken. The plus was it was authentic food. The walls were all painted different colors and none had an outlet so that was a negative. With it being 24/7, it would probably be better if I was drunk.
4	This is one of the best locations in vegas, I have two others closer to my house but I choose to go here anyways. The night crew do a good job on making the the food and do good customer service, the place is new, clean and has a drive thru. if you have never had the carne asada fries, this is where to get it!
4	One of the best places to get chimichanga's imo. The Chicken chimi, Carne asada chimi,and Bean & Cheese chimi are usually my own picks!
1	I love Roberto's but this one had a stale, unwelcoming and not too mention my bean and cheese burrito took a long time.  I ain't picky but when you see a dirty dining area, filthy is more accurate, and your food takes a long time and there is unease in the place someone is responsible for sharing.  That's me.  Sorry Roberto's, I am not abandoning you but this was disappointing.
5	Drive thru Roberto's !!! I love their bean and cheese burrito... But those spicy pickled carrots is what I think makes it the best! I could eat those carrots all day, every day!!!!! Roberto's for life!!!
