3	After two hours of suffering in the YMCA half-marathon this weekend, my wife and I were driving back home and noticed The Nile Cafe. Well, to be fair, we noticed that there was a sign for a new coffee shop called Rev right next to the Quizno's. We got out of our car and noticed that Rev is still a shell with nothing in it, and we walked to the other side of the buildings and happened across Nile.This place is so new it was tough to tell it was open. Nothing in the way of decoration, but so what? I don't eat paintings!We just grabbed a large container of their Cilantro-Jalapeno hummus ($5.75)  and some pita bread and took it home. Let me tell ya, it's got some kick! It's definitely my favorite hummus, and I will try putting this even on things hummus doesn't belong on! I had to knock a couple stars off for the store-bought pitas. The Nile Cafe is gonna have to do better on the pitas to compete. But I still plan on rounding up some work friends and trying these guys for lunch. Schwarma, falafel, howashi and tabouli all sound good to me! The chicken curry soup sounds tasty, too.I'll update this after my first real meal there. But go get some hummus. Seriously.
3	Hubby wanted to try The Nile Cafe on this past First Friday. It's within walking distance of our home, and by the time we got there, we were not the only ones interested. We got a table pretty quickly anyway in this TINY restaurant (4 cramped tables where people have to move the tables and chairs just to let people through). The menu is appropriately limited. We got a hummus sample plate shortly after we sat down. The regular hummus was overly garlicky and lemony for our taste, the artichoke hummus was zippy, but I can't imagine eating a lot of it, the cilantro jalapeno was quite tasty according to Hubby, but too hot for him to eat much of, and he liked the red pepper hummus best (as did the people at the next table). I ordered the spinach pie which had been described as 2 filo-wrapped spinach and feta appetizers. What I got was spinach and onions wrapped in a doughy triangle- clearly not filo, with no feta, and only one of them- which was fine, because I sent back the single monstrosity. Hubby had Howashi which was spiced ground beef in a sealed triangular sandwich- it was just ok. The true standout was the falafel. I once spent a summer at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, taking a Modern Standard Arabic class. We were strongly encouraged to practice our Arabic at a local diner which has since set the falafel standard for me. The Nile Cafe, at last, rivals those. They are crispy on the outside and almost creamy on the inside- not the least bit dry (which is a common problem)- and the accompanying tahini was also very delicious. The falafel is the ONLY reason I am giving The Nile 3 stars.  The overwhelmed waiter/cashier/busser had to take our order twice, but did not ask us to pay for the spinach-thing or our drinks in the end. I hope they can get past the new restaurant snafus. We could use a Mediterranean restaurant in the 'hood.
2	When I saw the Nile cafe, I got a little giddy because I always imagined an adorable little cafe in one of those precious live/work units lining Roosevelt. (Tammie Coe doesn't count. No sitting room inside!)  I stopped in for lunch today. Now, take this review with a grain of salt because I a) only ordered one thing and b) I got it to-go. There are 4 or 5 tables in the dining area, with not much breathing room in between. The server/cashier seemed tired and wasn't too friendly. He seemed annoyed that I asked for a take-out order. The menu is really limited, and strange. Not offering a traditional sampler plate with goodies like hummus, dolmas, and falafel gets them an immediate thumbs down.I got the chicken shawarma sandwich. At $7.95, I expected it to be a little more substantial. It was all chicken, and the chicken was pretty dry.  There was quite a bit of nasty yellow lettuce that got picked off, but there were pickles and maybe a few tomato chunks in there somewhere. I think I tasted one. The pita bread was a little rubbery- like it was warmed in the microwave. No bueno. I know, I know, I shouldn't be whining about a chicken sandwich having too much chicken. Balance is important though, and this sandwich had nowhere near enough complementary flavors to make it a winner. Sub par sandwich aside, I will give the Nile cafe another try and edit accordingly. I don't feel like I gave it a fair shake with a sandwich to go.
5	I loved itIt was rather American-izedBut I thought it was deliciousI loved the Kingdom kebabIt was chicken and steak schwarmaWe had cheese piesThe hummus samplerAnd I thought everything was damn good.  Hooray!
4	I tried going to this place 3 times before I found it open.  Then I found out that it changed owners and now has regular hours. I only had the falafel and they were super delicious.  They bake them instead of fry them!!  So I'll definitely be back for more!Also, David, the owner is super nice and has the most gorgeous eyes.....
4	We tried this tiny cafe yesterday during The Happening downtown. We split an order of the artichoke hummus and the baked falafel and the food was more than enough for two. The hummus was great and the baked, instead of fried, falafel was really tasty. The service was fast and very, very friendly. Recommended.
5	Delicious! great service! We had a business lunch there, just 4 of us but it was a treat. The Kingdom Kabab Was very good, I had the Gyro very tasty. yes it was $6.99 a meal but it's not Mc D's It's fresh all made there, Clean restroom and clean kitchen, worth a little more for a special lunch. with exceptional service.
4	Appetizer: Hummus with Pita- ooh, the hummus was thin (not thick like a lot others around town) and so delicious! Perfectly tangy with the lemon and a perfect start for the meal! Main Meal: Split the falafel and the beef schwarma. I liked the falafel better but both were good. The falafel was really really good. Full of flavor and the perfect texture and consistency. The Nile Cafe is small (3, 4 tops and 2,  2 tops inside, a couple small tables outside on the front walkway). Great for a quick lunch to get in and get out. The staff was nice, seemed like a lot of employees for such a small place but it was kinda funny to see how many different people walked out from the back. I am so glad I tried this place out-- I will be returning!
3	For my birthday lunch, a good friend of mine suggested we try the Nile Cafe along Roosevelt. This place is near then east end of the First Friday Art Walk and thus has likely received excellent exposure due to it's placement. Although we had a late lunch (1 pm) there was no one eating. Which is usually not a good sign. But we were already there and it's neighbor Krispy Kreme and Quiznos is no substitute for a locally owner restaurant.The menu was small, printed on yellow piece of letter sized paper in half. The options weren't exhaustive but that is not indicative of the quality of the food. We ordered the sun dried tomato hummus to share. Our waiter did not ask what size we wanted and likely made a presumption for us. Bad. All of their hummus has a disclaimer in parenthesis 'if available', save their regular hummus. I am not really sure how jalapeno and cilantro hummus can be seasonal in Arizona. Perhaps they make fresh batches every day and serve it until the run out. My friend got an iced tea and got water (non-bottled). Out server was attentive without hovering. The water was despicable. I do not think they use any filtration system. It tasted of an amalgamation of many unpleasant flavors. It was almost undrinkable. I ordered the chicken meatball sandwich and my friend got the beef schwarma. The waiter informed me that it was no longer on the menu and unavailable. I find it hard to believe that printing a new set of papers and folding them thus omitting this menu item is so difficult. So I got the kingdom schwarma instead. Both of ours came with several dill pickles embedded inside. Perhaps I do not know 'Nile' food, but I sincerely doubt that brine and cucumbers are staples in this cuisine. Overall the scwarma was decent and the hummus was unremarkable. I am not sure if their attempts at food warrant a return visit. It is not novel. It is not memorable save the bad water.
1	What a disapppointment.  I really can't think of anything posistive to say.  My gf and I arrived at roughly 1:00 and there was no one else in the restaurant, guess this should have been a clue.  Upon sitting down we we handed a menu from one of the most disinterested waitressess I have experienced.  The young woman had pretty no interest in taking our order or answering questions which was probably because she did not know the answer.  We asked about one of the deserts and she had to go in the back to ask.  As it turns out it did not matter what the answer was, the desert was not available.  The menu selection was on the small side which is not a bad thing if the quality is outstanding.  Sadly, outstanding is not a word to describe any portion of our lunch.  My gf and I split a few items on the menu.  We had the Taboule Salad, Lentil Soup and a side of fries with feta cheese and a vinegar sauce.  The lentil soup was almost passable, but it had a certain blandness.  When the taboule was brought to the table the chef, maybe owner, gave a disclaimer "hope you like it really sour".  Turns out it was inedible and we returned it. The fries with feta and vinegar sauce had such potential for a junk food moment, the feta was yummy and the vinegar sauce was good, but they served all the yummy stuff on frozen crinkle cut fries, how sad.  After returning the taboule we were still billed for it and had to ask not to be charged for it.  The chef maybe owner guy unhappily did so.  The one upside is that I had lunch with wonderful company who would make eating worms fun.
2	The Nile Cafe is very, very small. Very. I mean, really, the place is teeny-tiny...but it doesn't matter much. It's also usually empty. When I first started working downtown, I didn't know where anything was. I had no idea where to head for lunch, with the exception of the Jack in the Box across the street from my building...and that was just not going to do. Driving around on 7th St., one of the first beacons of possible culinary delight winked at me from the corner of Roosevelt - The Nile Cafe. I love Mediterranean cuisine, so I made time to stop. I've actually visited the Nile Cafe several times, and the experiences are always so different from one another. The food is consistently okay, with two marked exceptions - the delicious artichoke hummus, and the absolutely terrible falafel. The service is where the big gap resides. There is one man who works there, (I perceive him as being the owner, although I have no actual reason to think this), who is very kind and courteous. He is patient, attentive, and soft-spoken but also friendly. Everyone else who works there is disinterested to the point of rudeness. Blank stares, no verbal acknowledgement...it is very uncomfortable to dine in, and, honestly, a little uncomfortable to order out. I go back occasionally to fulfill my desire for artichoke hummus. Other places make this, but none are as full of chunky goodness as their variety. Some of their soups are tasty, and almost everything else on the menu is typical Mediterranean fare - not bad, not great, and capable of hitting the spot if you're in the right mood. The falafel is baked, not fried - being moderately health conscious, I thought I would enjoy this change in preparation. I didn't. Falafel just needs to crunch, man!If you're going to try the Nile Cafe, order out. It is so rarely busy -  you can be in and out in less than 15 minutes, unless you neglect to fill up your meter's belly and your car gets towed.
4	The Roosevelt location of Nile is closed and cleaned out, as I discovered during a wasted lunch hour about a month ago.  I posted this fact to yelp, but it hasn't been confirmed yet.I love Mediterranean food.  I wish Nile Cafe were still there.  But it isn't.
