5	hands down the best tatty bar ever! private dances, fully nude, hot girls whom whose daddie's i thank ever so greatly for not loving them.  no booze but hey...what do u think the parking lot is for?  BRILLIANT!
5	This was the only place open midday on a Sunday! Went there with my girlfriend to watch the game on massive screens, of course being surrounded by hotties didn't hurt either. Turns out I went to HS with two of the 5 girls dancing!! Fookin small world yo! They proceded to give me and my friend the BEST lapdances ever including practically going down on her in the club. Wow...
4	OK,So what do you do in Vegas with a bunch of  co-workers after the trade show has just finished?  Well one dumb ass in the group...who shall remain nameless...JOE!....Says, "Let's go to a tittie bar!".  Oh shit, here we go again.Every other Mofo in the group is a 40 something poge who looks like they haven't gotten poon-tang from their wives in years. They of course say, "HELL YES !"So we get a cab and it drives the 4 of us to Deja Vu showgirls. JOE tries to pay and I intercept him....I say  "No dude, the club pays them, he'll get a 4 person kickback for   dropping us off. Don't pay him" I've never gotten such a look of hatred from a cab driver, but it's true.Then we get to the door. Bouncer guy says "30 per" JOE starts to protest and I say, "No dude be nice, pay the $30" then I slip the bouncer a $50 and request a good table with a view. Joe is lost, he asks me... "So you don't pay the cab driver, but you pay the door man?""Yup" is all I say. We sit down and immediately get surrounded by girls and waitresses. They know a big tipper only gets the good table. I declare in a loud voice, "Ladies please, we just got here and we plan on staying for a number of hours, let us get some drinks and catch our breath."The big bouncer guy comes over and apologizes for the the mad rush. He gives all the girls a stern look and they shrink away. Strippers are like naughty 8 year olds with a drug problem, they will try to get away with a bunch of shit unless you give them a firm hand.  We watch a stage show and throw some $5 on the stage for a bunch of buxom blonds that pour Evian on their clam lips and flick it into Joe's face. I have never seen a happier man.Some strippers come by...rather cautiously and ask if anybody would like a $30 a song lap dance? I clamp down on Joe's arm and say politely, "Sweetheart, why don't you come back in a few minutes, we're still talking business"...."Oh, Okay." she says." and slinks away all sexy like. The men at the table are now like WTF?!? I tell them..."Hey look around? How many lap dances do you see?" "None" they reply. "Exactly, the girls are going to get hungry soon." Not 10 mins later, the DJ comes on and say, "Gentleman it's your lucky day ! - 3 song lap dances are now $30!" They all turn to me and say, "Mark, how many strip clubs have you been to? "Only 2, I reply,...but I've had a stripper for a roommate." You should have seen their jaws drop. "Listen guys" I say, "most of these girls are on coke right now. In fact if you got some on you (ounce+), I can guarantee you can take one of these mis-aligned girls back to your suite tonight, otherwise it's purely a look and feel show on everywhere but the kitty."Then I see her.... a 5'1" stacked, racked, firm ass attack, brunette with short spiky hair and a pissed off lovely face that I immediately want to taste, "Oh shit," I say to myself. She sees me and comes over with a wickedly evil smile. She doesn't say anything and spreads her legs and sits on my lap cowgirl style..... I stifle a yawn,...and look away and take a sip of ice tea. That got me a punch in the shoulder. I smile and hold her stare. After a minute she grabs my hand and leads me into the back, throws me down and proceeds to get naked and rub everything on me ....EVERYTHING!. Let's just say not a word was spoken from either of us, 30 mins later I come out with messy hair, a couple of ripped buttons, and a bunch of wet spots all over my body....Oh and short a $100...Hey the girl said she was going to college...........IN VEGAS ?  Who am I to deny that kind of bold faced lie?All my co-workers now think I'm god.What happens in Vegas....Stays in Vegas.....and gets reviewed on YELP
5	This is by far the best strip club i have ever been to. The Club is huge, plenty of seating for everyone and good amount of seating up near stage. the lighting was gental, the environment clean and tidy and the seating was very comfy. The Stage was smallish but the ladies put on a great show for all to see. I remember i tipped very conservetively and that day and what i got out of it was a great experience. I had my face planted in boobage so much that day it was wow. Plus it was great to see how the ladies showed their gratitude towards the lesbians in the crowd. The two of them interacting was a show all by it self. Sure i was asked many times by the ladies to go to the back rooms but i had to decline. When i did they were very polite about it. There were adult store out front too, but i didnt go in. I do have a complaint about club, the ATM charges 10 bucks for every withdrawl, so i suggest to everyone, bring your own cash. I wasted 30 bucks that way but i think that was well spent anyway.
1	This place is wack. Came last week on Sunday (no pun intended) and was very disappointed. In retrospect, I feel hella scammed. As my companion and I entered, we were asked if we came by taxi (I thought nothing of it, naively thinking it was probably for a survey), and were then told that the admission price was $25/person for that night, with unlimited complimentary non alcoholic drinks. Not such a bad deal you might think, yes? Turns out that admission price for non-locals is actually $15 (I checked their website). Thinking we were stranded since we cabbed it over, they saw "suckers," and apparently they were right. Oh well, I took a risk choosing this spot, not researching the best spot to visit that night, and I paid for it, literally. I took it as a loss...we were in Vegas afterall.It wasn't crowded at all at around 1-2am. Actually pretty sad with about 30 or less people. The dancers I'd rate 5-7. Nice and natural and very skilled, excellent pole dancers, but nothing special from my POV. You see one dance, and the rest look the same. They climb up the pole, wiggle and dangle, slide down, click their 9" heels together, slap their ass and so on...yawn. Maybe one dancer was a 7. I felt sad for them because they'd make maybe $5-$10 per 2 dance performance (if they were lucky). Only that 7-rated dancer earned more than that I think.Pluses: nude dancers (okay, I'm a perv), average to nice looking, young and natural bodied (me no like fake funbags).Cons: ridiculous admission price if you're a rube (like me), smoking permitted (so if you're a non-smoker such as myself your eyes will burn and your clothes will stink), could be boring depending on your mindstate.Didn't get any lap dance as we weren't approached, and not sure I woulda paid for one anyway since they were $20 per song I think. Didn't bother getting a "free" drink since I'd have to pay with a tip also. Like I said, depending on your mindstate (mine was feeling a little butthurt and thus very cheap)...and maybe the day and time you choose to come here...maybe the place is popping...but this being Vegas, I expected more even if it's Sunday and 2 in the morn. FYI: from Venetian it's about an $8 dollar cab ride, but driver hooked it up for $5 (so I tipped him $5). Have the cab drop you off on the street or something and don't tell the front door you came by taxi to avoid getting scammed.(7/3) Update: my companion informed me that at the door there was a sign that stated $15 was the admission + a $10 unlimited drink fee...thus our $25 price. I guess it's not so surprising that it's not stated on their website...but I still feel suspicious nonetheless with their "did you come in a taxi?" question.
3	I was with a group of about 15, age ranging from about 18-25. We decided to go to Deja Vu since it was 18+ and got V.I.P Passes from a man on the streets for free, so long we give him a tip. (NEVER PAY FOR STRIP CLUBS IN VEGAS! Just walk down the strip and you'll see so many heads asking if you want free passes to the clubs and are only asking for tip which is like $5/person.) We were swooped up by the club's limo at our hotel. The limo couldn't fit us all so it had to make two rounds. When we first got there we just chilled in their adult store. The store looked like a ghetto shop. I know I wouldn't want to stick anything from there in the vajay, their shit looked used and abused! LOL. finally, after waiting 30 minutes, the rest of our group joined us. We entered and you had to pay a $10 bar fee charge which was ridiculous! The club wasn't too janky, it was cool. You can say it looks like the same one in the movie Striptease, filled with lights, stages, and a bunch of horny bastards, minus myself =). The guy in front asked us if we wanted to get a private section with 3 Champagne bottles and hookah for $10/person.  We obviously said yes and we sat in this cushiony section in the back of the club. while waiting, i notice a little menu on our private stripper stage and it said "V.I.P Section! $150 dollars! blah blah, blah blah, some more blah, and 3 Bottles of NON-ALCOHOLIC Champagne!" bitches jipped us hard! so we pretty much payed an extra $50 for useless apple cider! LOL. They had some cute girls in the club, but some looked like they just got out of class in the h.s down the street. LOL. a lady came to our table, she was a blonde girl who had long legs, a body, and an ugly face! hahaha! this lady was vicious looking, straight from 8 mile. her skinny body makes it seem like she doesn't eat! but i had to give it to her because she was nice.. the only one giving us attention. (probably because no one else wants her but whatever.) there were $1 lap dances and this girl went in circles. the guys would put dollars on their lap and she straight up asked them "DO YOU WANT ME TO GRAB IT WITH MY PUSSY?" jfal;ddsfsjfjf! (note to the wise, don't put money in your mouth, it was probably in someone's vajay.) boys obviously said "DAMN!!" as she did it, but us females were grossed out and grabbed our vajays as if we just got our balls kicked. I really didn't want that std dancing machine anywhere near me! I wasn't trying to get her infected vaginal fluids all up on my pants, even if my pants were cheap! but i got to admit, it was pretty fun and funny. after a while separated and went to other individual stages. some girls were really good, while others seemed like they couldn't wait for the song to be over! Strippers can be really rude if we didn't drop anything, but she should've blamed her lack of exotic dancing techniques. Other strippers there were really playful, and if you put a dollar anywhere around you're body, they'd grab it with their mouth! =D and i must say, it was pretty darn sexy.FUNNIEST PART!so there was a stripper at the club... OBVIOUSLY.. but anyways, she was the one that looked like she came straight out of class with her braces. after she was dancing, this girl went around the table on her hands and knees, literally. (collecting her dollars on the floor) and started asking us for tips! HA! hahaha. but that's not the funny part.. the next day, we saw her at the local mall with who seemed to be her parents! LOL! the end.overall if you're trying to go and get all horny, it'll probably be just alright. but if you're looking for a fun memorable experience with friends, it's good. =)
1	Weak!  Went there with my gf on an allegedly Jello Wrestling Sunday only to find this club to have very little going on.  Two girls wrestled in the inflatable pool for about 5 minutes and then that was all for the jello wrestling.  On the website they make you believe that jello wrestling is a big deal there on Sundays and then you get there and after the five minutes of jello wrestling the club is basically dead as a doornail. During the jello wrestling, there are no other girls on stage. After the wrestling, there is 1 girl on stage and the others walking around the club soliciting dances. The club was not the Deja of yesteryear. I had been there about 4 years ago and it was crazy and much wilder, with way better looking girls. These girls were nothing to look at with faces for radio. I didnt want a lap dance from any of them. Deja was dark, dank and sad. My gf and I went there planning on lap dances and a wild time, and wound up paying the insane cover of $25 each, and left after about 45 minutes. I wouldnt recommend Deja to anyone. Try another LV club. There are def enough variety in LV.
1	Terrible!! It wouldve gotten 0 stars if that was allowed.  Went there with my bf on an allegedly Jello Wrestling Sunday only to find this club to have very little going on.  Two girls wrestled in the inflatable pool for about 5 minutes and then that was all for the jello wrestling.  On the website they make you believe that jello wrestling is a big deal there on Sundays and then you get there and after the five minutes of jello wrestling the club is basically dead as a doornail. During the jello wrestling, there are no other girls on stage. After the wrestling, there is 1 girl on stage and the others walking around the club soliciting dances. The club was not the Deja of yesteryear. My bf  had been there about 4 years ago and it was crazy and much wilder, with way better looking girls. These girls were nothing to look at with faces for radio. I didnt want a lap dance from any of them. Deja was dark, dank and sad. My bf and I went there planning on lap dances and a wild time, and wound up paying the insane cover of $25 each, and left after about 45 minutes. I wouldnt recommend Deja to anyone. Try another LV club. There are def enough variety in LV.
4	went there on my 21 st BD  it was so fun the girls were good looking go drunk they dont serve alcohal.
4	deja vu is my club of choice.the girls arreee, not so impressive, but lately there have been a few.you can tell some of the dancers use looks to their advantage. the better looking ones are the ones who cant do a pole trick if their life depended on it.there are only a couple that are REALLY good and worth while.definately a good place to hang out.prices for locals are worth it considering drinks are unlimited.i actually wouldnt mind working there at all.as a WAITRESS that is.i love deja vu.
2	You should be able to find a place with better boner for your buck.The girls are so-so, not the quality you would expect for the odd price they charge per "dance."In fact, everything here had a different price according to the numerous girls and employees here.There's a rule when you land in Vegas, and it's to not ask your cab driver their advice on a strip club. They may recommend this crap-shoot.Do your research and pick a spot, you're sure to find a better place than this.
4	Lap Dances and HookahOur goal was to see girls while we were in Vegas, but what do you know, hookah and girls?! That's awesome. We were able to find a free admission through those Las Vegas magazines. That saved us $30. You go in, tell them the number of people, and they will seat you at a table. We told the bouncer we wanted to smoke hookah so he sat us in a plushy couch in the middle. They serve alcohol and you will get girls coming to you to get a lap dance. I had a cute girl who was interested in hookah and getting a lap dance. This was great for me and her :-) They have three stages of girls dancing. The light is ambient, red, and dark. Ok, back to the hookah review. We wanted our normal capuccino, vanilla, and mint flavor, not any of this fruity stuff. Too bad. They only had fruity flavors. The waitress was cute and she recommended the 'Jello' combo. This is a combination of light fruits. We went with it and it was pretty good! I must say the price here is pretty pricey. Beers are $6 and the hookah was around $24. If you're in Vegas, I highly recommend this place. It's also walking distance to New Orleans casino. You can also take a shuttle from Bill's to New Orleans to save some dough.
4	dark, sketchy, feels like youre in a basement. all the things a strip club should be. they have good specials pretty much every night and the girls get way more into it than upscale places. overall really fun, and little to no pressure for lap dances! always a plus
4	I was really impressed about this place. Most of the girls are really hot. The lap dances are off the chain. They are fully nude, too; and you can touch. Also, they lie you down on this bed. If you could drink in this club, it would of got 5 stars. No question.  The lap dances make this club, though.
2	So Ive been to this gentleman's club twice, not on purpose...   Basically to get in is free the guys just need to buy drink vouchers outside. The girls were not that good looking but I guess its dark and with a couple drinks the dark room turns into somewhat of a looking glass where your watching it from the distance. Some of the women were going up to the guys who were buying bottle service but we just sat there with our cheap drinks looking at the main stage, all and all you get what you pay for.... not much.
4	Tips:Don't pay cabbie. Cabbie gets paid by Club.Get coupon book, you can get 10 off 30 cover.Be aware you have to by one 10 coke.Place is nice, with strippers that go full nude. +The girls keep asking if you want a lap dance. -Some decent looking girls. +I recommending sitting right by stage. If you don't get a lapdance def sit by the stage. Some stripper took my friends glasses and put it over her cuka.... I hid my glasses for the rest of the night. -I got titty slapped. +1st time at stripper club success!
1	it was empty and girls were not very pretty!
1	Horrible place!!!  Went on a Tuesday night about 12:00am.  Stayed for about an hour.  My bros and I dropped $170 and didn't see one topless girl.  Place was empty. Nasty girls sat in our lap, argued about price and left pissed off that we wouldn't pay $400 for a lap dance.  One guy in my party gave each of them a $20 for their time.  They were still pissed.  No one danced on stage.  Place sucked big time...don't waste your time!
2	This club was a major disappointment, the second time I came here. The first time, I came here, this club was off the chain. They had lapdance beds, and had some nice, young, white woman, walking around that joint. As you can you see, from my first review, of this place, I had a good time. Well, it has changed, since then. I came in at 4pm, and the club was deader than a 85 year hooker, in Alaska. They had one stripper in there, that was about 6'2, that looked like former Boston Celtic, Kevin McChale. The bartender, was smoking HOT, though. When the bartender is the best looking girl in the club, that is not good. She is a sweetheart, as well. The D.J was really cool, too.One change, that I did like, was that this place, serves alcohol ,now. By the look of the strippers, in this place, I can see why.Now to all fairness, of this place, I left at like 7pm. I did see some cute strippers coming in, so Im not going to give up on this place, just yet. I just wish they could hire better looking strippers during the daytime.
4	$2 drinks Tuesday nights!
5	Great staff and service here. Don't listen to the haters. I was here for a Halloween event and even though it wasn't as busy as it could've been, I was treated like a VIP. The staff went above and beyond for me in every way possible. The girls are hot and there's half-priced drinks for locals on Thursdays. The Love Boutique store next door has a great selection of spicy goodies and I felt very comfortable. I didn't think I would be, but this club seems like a place that would be good for couples looking for a different type of night out. I'm definitely going to recommend Deja Vu to both locals and visitors looking for some naughty Sin City fun. ;-)
5	Heard this place was under new management so I decided to check it out. Whoever they hired must know what they are doing.The staff is friendlier, hotter and the dancers are on point. It was always comfortable for couples, because the girls aren't super pushy, but even that has improved.It's a party atmosphere. Did I mention I went on Ladies Night and drank for free? I already love a good 80's themed party, so their L80's night is a great idea. Don't worry dudes, locals drink prices are good too! My friends weren't complaining about a $4 drink this close to the strip.Just tons of fun. I will definitely be coming here more now!
5	Not your typical stripclub! More of a lounge atmosphere. Super friendly staff (and the hottest bartenders in TOWN!!), non pushy dancers, VERRRRRY locals friendly!I've visited other clubs in Sin City, but I always come back to the Vu
5	This is absolutely the best strip club for locals to go. Happy Hour is from 4pm-7:30pm every day except for Tuesday. All the other days, Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, Budweiser, Bud Light, and Vodka drinks are free. No Cover Charge on those days.The staff is quite friendly from the door greeters, to the lovely bartenders, the dancers, the DJ's, and the Security. There's a light skinned Black lady that's in charge there. She's very cute as well, and she walks by with a nice smile making sure you're having a good time either as a local or a tourist.I like this place personally because I can drink, watch sports on their many HD tv's, and they even order big boxing fights and UFC pay-per-views. Their bathrooms are always clean and have working hot water. Their dancers are friendly, top notch looks wise, dance well on stage or in person, and they actually hold conversations with you while you're enjoying your drinks. This is the best place for your money if you're a local or whether you're a tourist. Your dollar goes further here, and you get service with a smile. Easily the best strip club available in all of Clark County. I would recommend this place again and again.
2	What I liked about this place was it was free for locals and there was no minimum drink amount. They also had local drink specials $4 jack and cokes and $2 PBR. So since they serve alcohol this is just a topless club. I went with my boyfriend and another couple. As soon as my boyfriend took the money out of his pocket this old ass stripper probably at least in her 50s came to our table and started chatting my boyfriend up for a dance. She even sat on his lap and put her big old fake tits in his face lol. Her age alone made me realize this place is where the reject strippers are hired. None of the girls were pretty. One of them was fat she had rolls as she slid down that pole. If I go to a strip club I want to see hot girls and even my boyfriend wasnt impressed. We left after about 30 minutes.
4	We went here after visiting the museum next door.  The two drinks each free vouchers they gave us didn't hurt.  No cover charge, and we were treated well.  The bartender and bouncer were super friendly.  Never did get started with dancing because of an UFC fight that went long, but the girl waiting to dance ended up living about two blocks from us, so we talked about Orange County for a long time, and she was funny. I don't know how they make money with so many free drinks, but I'm glad they have such an open policy.  It was a fun evening.
5	No cover unless you come in a cab and hh was free beer and well drinks til 8.  The bartender hooked us up and the women were all really friendly- great place to hang out, get a drink and watch dancers- would definitely return!
2	My boyfriend and I went here for my birthday, last night.  It was a Sunday night so we did not expect "balls to wall" happy, crazy, fun time but pretty much the entire staff, except for the fantastic door man (who gave us excellent resturant recommendations) were phoning it in.  When we arrived we hadn't even had a chance to sit down before a young lady was hustling us for a drink (part of her job, I know, but give us at least a few minutes to get acclimated.  Then another lady showed up at our table 5 minutes later and started sales pitching us on a $700 private dance party, whatever.  I tried ordering a Mai Tai: they were out of pineapple.  I then tried ordering a mojito because the big screens all over the joint were promoting them and the waitress said, "We don't make those".  Wait, what?  Here's the thing, my guy would have payed $700+++ for me to have the best time ever, becuase he is awesome, but no way would I let that kind of money be spent on the poor level of service we were receiving.  Listen, I get it,  it was a really slow Sunday night and the lady's have bills to pay so they need to make up for the lack of clientele some how and I understand not bringing your A game to a tiny crowd just throwing ones every other song.  But when two, young-ish, business professionals, show up for a birthday outing?  Step up the service a little and we will spend the money, trust me.  Not all was lost.  Limo driver took us to another venue and saved the evening.  (See my Hustler review.  Owned by the same management company, or something, but a completely different experience.)
