4	I usually don't go to Chinese buffets two days in a row, & yesterday was May Garden, so today I headed up Don Pedro's Mexican buffet, but the County has shut the place down!  :-(Back on the road, I ended up at THIS place!  It's fairly large, nice inside, & the staff was friendly.  There were lots of other diners on hand, & 65 main dishes out in the serving area.The layout of this place isn't quite to my liking, but the food here is terrific!  (That's one thing, isn't it?)  Yum!Lunch $7.39, Senior $6.65.  Opens early, about 10:15 AM.
5	I have tried just about all the super buffet in the Phoenix metropolitan. so I have a pretty good base for comparison.I find this place to be among the best. food is always fresh. they are supposed to be Oriental, but I see several dishes that are French origin. Several dished definitely European origin. An interesting combination of food.
2	There was a lot of food choices but most of it was cold or just plain old not good.  It was also very pricey IMO.  Maybe it was just because of the weekend prices but I don't feel it was worth 12 dollars.  I would suggest trying a different place or doing the lunch as I bet it will be a better deal.
3	So after a day of running errands, my friend and I were hungry. The Indian food buffet wore off after 8 hours of being on the go......and we ended up stopping at this place. This was the 2nd time we've eaten there. The first time we ended up being the last people there despite our 7:30pm arrival...they were shutting the place down around us that time.This time we knew better. Or so we thought.We arrived at 8:15, thinking we had enough time...oh hell to the no. Somehow the packed to the gills buffet had managed to somehow become completely empty by 9:00pm -- leaving us there as the only patrons. ugh.Anyway, since we were there the last time and it was close to closing time, we found the food cold and sub par and frankly, just not good.This time, we found the food cold and sub par, but marginally better.Service was snappy and I swear, I didn't even get a chance to put my fork down before the girl was grabbing my plate -- and I wasn't done.What is it with servers grabbing my plates before I'm done? I think it's just this side of town. I'm a slow eater and I still had veggies on my plate I hadn't even had a chance to tuck into!As we were there, my friend kept listing all the health codes they were breaking - "bleach is a no-no!" and some others that I wasn't paying attention to.I'll come here again ONLY if fast food is not an option.
3	The salad bar was cold, fresh and crisp. The sushi/calif rolls were chilled well, fresh and tasty. They provided a beautiful array of fruits also.  This impressed me because this is usually a section that lacks attention and interest at such a buffet.I was also happy that things were hot that were suppose to be hot. All the food was good. I am a fan, only there was more seafood than I cared for. Probably a quarter or a third of the entrees were seafood.The dishes that were Chinese all looked great and there were much more than I could sample. What I tasted was to my liking.  I could have stayed and grazed for an additional hour, but my friend wasn't up for it.The desserts as usual at a Chinese Buffet was limited. There was ice cream, boxed almond cookies, puddings and a flat cake. But the fruit helped that section out also.For $8 for lunch (drink not included) it was a great spread! I'll return.
4	It's been almost 8 months since I reviewed this place, & I'm trying to have an absolute favorite Chinese Buffet on the seven miles of "buffet row" on this street to recommend to friends, but it's soooo hard!  There are five Chinese Buffets along Bell Rd. here, including this one, China Garden, Shanghai, Great Wall, & Zen, & they're all good!  Each one earns 4-Stars from me in different ways, even little China Garden, the nearest to this one.Here's what I particularly liked about New China Super Buffet today:*  Terrific Hot & Sour Soup, with meat in it!*  Cherries!*  Calamari, not overcooked & seasoned just right to be tender & tasty.*  Lobster Rolls!  I don't know how many micrograms of lobster they had in them, but they were good!*  Interesting food variety, including some American & Mexican items, including Chicken Quesadillas today!*  Four flavors of REAL ice cream, including the delicious Chocolate Chip Mint I had.This is a nice place, with lots of windows & an airy look, something like Sweet Tomatoes on Ray Rd., but lacks a few things you would get at Great Wall, for instance, such as more sushi (there was a little), & Mongolian BBQ.  Good place, though!Lunch Buffet:  $7.46/$6.72 Sr.PS:  Yet another Chinese Buffet by the owner of Jen in Chandler coming to the old Hometown Buffet building at 17 & Bell Rd. next month, & it's sure to be excellent!    :-))
2	My family doesn't opt for the buffet option very often but when the need for mass quantities of Sweet and Sour rears it's ugly head, I like knowing where to get that fix.  I have been looking for a new Chinese Buffet since our recent move to the North side of town.  New China is the closest to us and it had received pretty good reviews so I had high hopes.  We went at 5pm on a Sunday so that items would likely be hot and fresh. First impression when I walked in the door...very dated interior.  I felt like I was in a drab version of Denny's.  It seemed reasonably clean though, so no major faults there.      The food selection was OK.  They had a Lemon Chicken (not so good) and a Sesame Chicken (pretty good) but no Orange or General Tso type option.  The Sweet and Sour chicken was very dry as were a few of the other things I tried.  The wife thought the best item they had was the pizza which always disappeared as soon as they set one out.  Unfortunately, I think that was more due to lack of other edible options than the deliciosity of the pie.  The BBQ ribs were good as was the Chicken on a skewer.  Drinks cost extra and it was definitely not worth the price we paid.  Around $50 for two adults and two kids.   I will be looking around for another Chinese Buffet or maybe we are just going to have to make the trek back over to "Oriental Garden Super Buffet" on Indian Bend which is the best buffet I have been to in the area.
2	Went for lunch a week ago with the same friend that found the place the first time.  None of te dishes were as good as our first visit we both agreed. It was still a very busy place though. The beverage girl/woman was a bit snobby and said something negative about her tip in Mandrian and much to her surprise I called her on it!  Which shocked the crap out of her - it was priceless!  Little did she know that my Ex is Chinese and spoke the language fluently and thus I picked up something!  That'll teacher to under estimate the knowledge of a sister from the PNW hood!  Haha!
4	I have only done the take out buffet and I must say that the food is pretty good. I do pack my container until it is bursting at the seems but for $10 I want to make sure I get my money's worth. (Yes I am greedy but hey at last I can admit it) One of these days I will actually sit down and do the buffet but for now, take out buffet it is!
4	Good food, lots to pick from on buffet.  Great for the kids.
1	Took my wife for dinner on a Saturday night and ended up walking out after the first bite. The sushi was stale and room temp at best, with the selection limited to tuna and unagi. The food was terrible. I tried the s&s chicken and my wife tried some chicken with mushroom. Immediately after the first bites we looked at eachother and knew we were leaving. I feel bad only leaving a few bucks for the waitress but this place is revolting. How it got 4 stars is beyond me. I've had better chinese made by a french foreign national than this place.
4	The food was good and fresh lots of dishes especially seafood, we had a friend who loves seafood and it was a heaven for him. It was Saturday we arrived about 12:30pm for lunch but we were told it's dinner, I did not want to argue with them I am not sure if weekend they have one rate- dinner rate, but they were 3 of us, one had tea as a drink and 2 waters and the bill came to $35.00, I assume the dinner was $9.95 plus taxes. There were lots of desserts, cookies, cake and fruits and ice cream, it was worth the money.
1	They put the grr in gross.. I would give 0 stars if possible. Enter at your own risk!
3	It's been over 13 months since updating my review for this one, & they just remodeled a little, so it was time to whip back up here.  I was joined today my Mike C. for the lunch buffet.This is a fairly large, very comfortable restaurant.  There are windows all around on 3 sides, giving it a bright, but not too bright, airy look.  You have a choice of either a booth or a table, & I have been happy with where I was seated during my several visits here.I counted 89 food items out today, today plus sauces & dressings, which is about right for the size of the place.  They are celebrating their "Grand Reopening" this month, making this actually, "NEW NEW CHINA SUPER BUFFET!"  ... Reminds me of "Numa Numa" & "New Numa" by the amazing Gary Broisma on YouTube!  (Sorry, I digress!)The Hot & Sour Soup was tasty, with lots of MEAT in it!  Can you imagine?  Keep your water handy though, & don't even try to talk while your eating it, because it's HOT!The "remodel" here consists of a new, long, L-shaped cold serving table with several dessert items on the long part & sushi at the bottom of the "L".  The sushi was ok, but nothing special in my opinion, & there wasn't a lot of it.  The dessert area shined with 4 kinds of REAL ice cream.  I had plain vanilla, & it was very good, & stored at just the right temperature, so you could scoop it out!Some other positives were the good variety of foods, including some that you don't expect at a Chinese buffet, such as (apple juice marinated?) pork roast.  The Egg Foo Young & bok choy were both good & I enjoyed everything I ate here today... no duds.Ok, a few negatives:*  Some of the food trays were allowed to run out, but refilled after, say, 10 minutes or so.  The best Valley buffets don't let any of the trays sit empty!*  Many food items were mislabled.  (Hey!  Either label them right or take down the little signs!)*  There were no teaspoons for the ice cream.*  There were 2 TVs.  (Ok, they were turned low & no bother at my booth.*  I WAS CHEATED ON THE PRICE!  The banner out friend hailed a "$1 off the Lunch Buffet [in celebration of our grand reopening].  I not only had to ASK for the discount, she took it off AFTER TAX, so it wasn't $1, it was 91 cents!  This is car dealer crap!  Either give the amount of discount you promise without the customer asking, or don't offer it at all!  I didn't come here to get head-fqkd!!  MINUS ONE STAR!!
1	We have ended up at this buffet a couple of times because it was in the area.  However, the customer service is terrible everytime.  It is way over priced for the quality of their food.  We are never satisfied when we leave this place.
4	Remodled.  Better food than before.  Excellent pork roast.
5	Very roomy inside. Plenty of selection. They got rid of the mussels the last time I was there a couple of weeks ago. They have sushi too, but I don't prefer that at a buffet with it being out in the open.  Service is very good, they come around often, fill drinks up.  Price is a little high for lunch but acceptable for value.  The soup is very good.
3	Decent! Nothing to write home about. Clean good food!
1	Wow! This place was pretty disappointing! At 7pm the food all seemed dried out and like it had been sitting there for hours! When they did bring out fresh it was only maybe two spoonfuls of the item. So my fried and I could never both try the fresh serving unless we rushed when we saw the lady carrying out the tray which didn't work well with other customers wanting to try the fresh serving as well!
1	disgusting food rude workers. signs everywhere to not take more food than you can eat/not to wase food to prevent rise in cost....if food was edible i would eat it.  $28 for me n hubby wasted.
4	Craaaabbb leegggss
4	10.50 a person, clean, polite staff
5	This place is great. Very fresh items in buffet. Price is a bit high for everyday, but we go once every few weeks.  It's about $10-$13 with soda and tip.  The roast beef is some of the best I've ever had. It's au jus is excellent.  The fresh green leafy vegetable is delicious.Desserts are plentiful. Watermelon, fruits are fresh.  Ice cream is soft so it's easy to scoop, but not too soft that it melts into a shake texture.Service is very good. They clear plates often, refill drinks quickly.A couple of TVs in here. They have wi-fi but I've never used it.Rarely are they overpacked so you can always find a table and start eating right away since it's a buffet.
1	So my wife and I have gone to this place several times now. The food isn't horrible. The price isn't horrible. The service is very horrible. Every time I go in here I feel like they think I just kicked their dog. The first couple times I thought maybe the girls serving us were just having horrible days but now every single time we have gone in there they are rude to us. I try to be extra nice to see if maybe I can get them to be decent just for a little but no luck. I'm sure they are upset that people don't tip what they think is appropriate but I know I tip very well and even did the first couple times. But I will not being going to a place where they don't appreciate my business. There are buffets on every corner and maybe they don't realize this but maybe they will when they are closed next year.
1	Well I wanted quantity over quality and I surely got that.  The food was so bad.  Not just a couple of dishes but everything including the deserts. Every dish was over cooked,  not hot, or stale.  I bet they reuse a lot of product due to the slow turnover.   The staff never greets you or makes you feel at home.  Last time I come here.
3	it's cheap and decent but not as good as a more expensive one i went to in scottsdale called jasmine tokyo. it has a ton of selection for chinese food like tso chicken, won-ton, egg drop soup, sweet and sour chicken, dumplings, orange chicken, etc... and  even some sushi.
3	It was OK.  I've eaten in much worse and I've had much better (Vegas).  There is plenty of selection and the food is typical of an Oriental buffet.  As with all buffets, you need to get there around meal time; any later and you'll get lukewarm leftovers in the steam trays.  The restaurant is large and clean; the servers are typical for a Chinese buffet; they are there to bring you a drink, your bill and to pick up the dirty dishes.  If you are expecting any level of service above that you need to pick something other than a buffet. If you're in the area and need a buffet fix, this place will fill the bill.  If you want a gourmet, cooked to order Asian cuisine you need to keep looking.
5	Good service, the food was great, not sure how much it is yet, so I'm gunna eat like its 20bux lol
2	Good selection of food, but seemed like the person seating me felt inconvenienced with my presence. Also, wifi wouldn't connect; first world problems, I know..
3	It was okay. The food was pretty good, well the food that was warm. I am a sushi lover and was looking forward to having some, however, when I bit into it I had to spit it right back out because it was disgusting. I usually get sushi rolls from Safeway and they definitely taste WAY better. The vegan fried rice and fried dumplings were my favorite, also very fresh! The fried shrimp was luke warm so I only had a bite, do not want to get sick lol. The cheesy broccoli w/ bacon was very good also very fresh. My boyfriend had some sesame chicken which he loved, but he ate so much I lost track. His crab legs were not done properly so I made sure he did not eat them. The waitress was okay, did not speak much English but made sure our empty plates were not left for long and our drinks were never empty. The flan desert was disgusting and also the cake was dry. The bathroom looks like it hasn't been cleaned in a while, so many people go I feel it should be neatly kept. However it was decent food, decent service, restaurant inside was pretty neat.
3	We've been looking for a good Chinese buffet since moving to the Phoenix area about two years ago. So far, this was our best try. Still, wasn't impressed. When we walked in the door, nobody greeted us. We stood there looking like lost kids for a while, searching for a "seat yourself" sign or directions on what to do. Finally, someone told us they'd be with us in a minute. Ok.  By the way, the place was almost empty.  Got a table, and ordered beverages. When I went up to get food, much if it had definitely been sitting there for a while. There was little left in many bins, and what was left was lukewarm and well..tasted like it looked. A bit stale and dry. That said, I did like the green beans. I never try sea food at Chinese buffets, so I can't tell you how that was. Didn't look great. I didn't get much with my first run through, so I went up a second time. Some items had finally been replaced or at least refreshed with fresh food. Maybe we were there on an off day. I don't know. I have yet to find a really good place. Extra review : we had a little one with us. The high chairs were disgusting.
1	If I could give a negative rating I would!  My dad and I had eaten here years ago and it was great!  We wanted Chinese and went in February 2014.We walked in and we should of known to leave as soon as we hit the wall of grease in the air!  The man behind the counter was more worried about his looks and the floor fan than seating us. The waitresses were too busy to get you a drink. The food was rolling out, but it was stone cold "fresh" from the kitchen.  Not one item was hot, let alone edible.  All food is to be maintained at 160 degrees, but it was like it just came out of the refrigerator!Nothing like trying to have a nice meal with dad, and you end up getting sick because of a few bites! Don't eat here, go get a frozen meal or McDonald's instead!  It will be better tasting and hot!
1	I dinned at this restaurant this evening, and the only positive thing that i have to say is that the soda was cold and fizzy. The service was rude, the food on the buffet was out too long that was becoming crusty and unappealing. There was a lack of selection. The name of the restaurant don't fit the size of the buffet table. I will not go there again & I strongly urge every that is considering this place to dine to look in to other options such as hometown buffet, pizza buffet, & Hibachi Grill & Supreme Buffet.I give this two thumbs down and even two toes down
5	I love this place! The busier it is, the better, because the fresh food keeps rolling out. If they've run low on something or the food looks like it's been sitting out for a while, just ask, and they will bring out more. They don't all speak English, but you can always point to what you want or ask your server or  the host/hostess. The price is very reasonable, especially since the selection is huge (don't forget to go past the sushi for the fresh fruit, desserts, and great ice cream). I love their hot tea; even their water tastes good. They come over immediately to seat you and get your drink order. I could go there every day (and sometimes do!) and the selection is large and varied enough so that I can have a completely different meal each time. Lunch and dinner selections are slightly different on weekdays. They post their health dept. inspection results because it's always "A". Free Wi-Fi, TV with the sound turned off/closed captions turned on, booths with tables that move so you can get really comfortable. I believe you can also order from a menu. They never rush you. Did I mention how delicious the food is? Do I have to? And, of course, it's all-you-can-eat. Do you know how expensive sushi is elsewhere? And spare ribs with lots of meat on them? And salmon? And crab legs (although they're not available every night)? You get more than your money's worth of scrumptious food. And ask for the senior discount. Everyone who works there smiles at me and treats me well  - because I smile at them - so be polite and ignore the complainers on here. Sometimes they have servers who have just recently arrived from China, so give them a break - go often so they get to know you. You'll probably see me there.
4	I give new china four stars for consistency! I have been coming here off and on for many years now since they first opened over 12 years ago and they are always good.  The food is hot and fresh, amd they always fill the buffetwoth real dishes,  not a lot of "filler" items that no one wants.  The fish is always tasty and fresh.  Lots of fresh fruit and desserts too.  The staff is always very nice and they treat customers well.  A very good buffet in north Phoenix!
4	I've been here a few times. Food is good (for buffet) sushi is usually fresh and tasty. A little slow on refills for drinks but friendly service. Decent selection to choose from. Pricing not bad considering  it's ALL u can eat.
3	I am a huge Chinese food fan so it's hard for me to dislike any Chinese restaurant or buffets. Usually when I come here the food is fresh and hot but coming her an hour before close was a very bad idea. food was cold and sushi was getting hard.staff could be more friendly but I don't feel that they're being rude on purpose, just can't speak English. the place is kept very clean and none of the food is repulsive so that's nice. I would still come back, just not right before close again.
2	Yet another bad meal. This place is so close to home that I continue to try it thinking some food fairies will magically create some amazing food for my next visit but it never happens. - meat is fatty and some parts chewy- lack of vegetable dishes- inconsistent cooking- staff is not really attentive/friendlyThe plus to this place is it's clean and has free wifi. If you are craving Chinese and don't feel like driving far, this may fill that need but only in a pinch. I'm truly surprised they're still open for business.
1	I haven't been here in years.  First I found the super buffet at Cactus and Tatum and they were good.  A lot better than New China.  They eventually closed down.Then I discovered Shanghai super buffet at Bell Rd. and 42nd Ave. on a trip to the west side.  Now Shanghai is locked up tight with a notice on the door and their phone is out of service.So I stopped at New China on the way back and was as disappointed as ever.  Their selection is weak, the staff is unfriendly and the atmosphere is disappointing. I guess as I miss Shanghai super buffet more and more, I'll drive farther and farther to find one anywhere as good as Shanghai (without going to Shanghai).  :)  But, once again, I will not go back to New China buffet.  More than being a waste of money, it is a disappointment.
1	My boyfriend and I were craving Chinese food after several hours of shopping (and I am happy to report that I found some really cute boots). First thing first...the people working there (if you consider standing around talking and laughing working) were very rude. They seem to have no interest in their customer's dining experience. The food was horrible. The rice with vegetables was so undercooked. I felt like it was leftover uncooked rice that had been thrown at a bride and groom from a wedding several weeks before. They had one piece of egg foo young sitting out. I tried it and it was horrible. They should call it egg poo young!We will never go there again. We would rather starve than eat there. It was not clean. Someone needs to call the Health Department!
1	Sorry...went there once and had a hair in my food....they 10% discount. I will not go back, so sad.
