5	the store is absolutely beautiful and logically organized!get their catalog for food/seasoning ideas!i went there to buy mediterranean sea salt and they don't carry it! to corporate: get this popular item in your inventory!
5	LOVE this place!
5	As an avid cook, I am always in need of spices.  The Asian markets like Lee Lee's and Tan Phat pretty much cover my need for Indian spices and star anise for pho, but for everything else, I've fallen in love with Penzey's.My favorite thing is their smart packaging.  If you want 4 oz+ size, they package in large ziploc bags, making it easy to refill your spice jar without having more cumbersome glass to transfer over and recycle.Try their Chile powders...lots of variety and lots of kick!  Their black peppers come in a wide assortment. I love the Indian black pepper that is extra spicy.Their prices are also very reasonable.
5	I've been a fan of Penzey Spice for years.  I am thrilled that they finally have stores in Az.  Now if they would open a store in the west valley I would be over the moon thrilled!
4	Always reliable no matter what city you are in.  Sometimes they lack the esoterics, but that is waht the catalogue is for.  Prices are competitive with the major markets and quality is generally better.
5	This place is a spice wonderland! Whatever you are looking for they are likely to have it. The little kitchen vignettes are so cute and if you sign up for the catalog for this store through out the year they will send you free spice coupons plus there are great recipes provided as well.
4	So, I stopped in with a friend today after lunch because he had wanted to grab some spices for some dishes he was going to cook and I got to tag along.  I admit, I need to step up my cooking game a bit, and I think this place gave me some motivation to do so.I had never heard of this place before, and when my friend had mentioned it, I admit, I was intrigued. A store just for spices? My brain lit up at this idea. Honestly,  I didn't know what to expect when I entered, but I can tell you, this is one heck of an interesting place.  Upon entering the place smelled like a spice store, but in a good way.  Clean, well organized with a huge selection of just about every spice possible.  Each bottle comes not only with the ingredients, but ideas on how to use it as well.  Some of the spices seemed unique to me, and I found it interesting to see what things can be used to spice up dishes.  The spices themselves come in a variety of sizes and ranging in prices.  I saw some that were just a few dollars for a small container, and over $40 for others.  The jars they sell them in are reuseable, so if you buy a jar of a certain spice, you can purchase the bag to reuse the same bottle. I like this idea. Plus, they also sell empty bottles in the corner of the store if you want to bottle your own spices if you should have a garden at home, or make a special concoction.Overall, I was really impressed with this place.  Well organized, staff was friendly, prices were fair and there was an ample selection of items to choose from of all kinds. If your in the area, I would suggest checking this place out. Really cool, and you don't have to be a master chef to shop here.
5	I started hearing about this place a few years ago.  However it is a bit of a drive from Glendale.  Last week I was querying some friends for an herb I needed to fill an old recipe.  One of them suggested Penzey's and after looking on line to see they carried it and knowing I was going to be in the East Valley today I made it a point to stop in.  I'm hooked!  I saw so many things that I had looked for elsewhere in the past and could never find.  This will now be the first place I head for for those items you just cannot find anywhere.
5	This spice store is amazing!  Three generations of my family swear by it for cooking spices and for many of our favorite family recipes you can only find the right spices at Penzey's.  They have so many kinds of cinnamon and paprika that you can't find anywhere else.  I love to receive their catalog each month and visit the store as they always have free recipes and they are delicious!  If you have felt uninspired by cooking, visit this store and discover a whole new world of flavor.  Also, their boxed gift sets of spices make fantastic gifts for the holidays.
5	Love this store, Love this store, Love this store!!!!  It is soooooo amazing!  All of their spices are gluten free except for some of their baking stuff and the staff can tell you if you need to know!The choice is amazing.  Who knew there were so many different types of Chili's or Marjoram's or Oregano?  And season mixes?  Some are fantastic and some just stinky....but there is something for everywhere here in this store which is so clean you coud literally eat off the ground!Did I mention the staff is very helpful but they don't hover.  I only wish they had some coffee beans because after about the fifth spice I don't know if I can really smell the next one really well.  Go, smell, buy!  You can spend just a little bit or you can really go crazy here so be careful!  Oh, and if you like really good chip dip?  Get the spice mix and add it to some sour cream!  It's divine!!!  AND gluten free!  Oh, yeah!
5	I lived around the corner from this place and must say I was somewhat skeptical that it would have staying power (considering how many other places in the Whole Food's mall have closed after short runs).  I first visited here to pick up some peppercorns for a dinner that I was preparing.  I must say they have a great selection not only of peppercorns, but of most every other spice and herb.  I would highly recommend the dried peppers from all over the world and in levels of hotness.  Penzey's also has various herbal combinations including my two favorites - Bangkok and Singapore - the names described the flavors.  I would recommend purchasing in the glass jars vs. packages.  The packages contain way too much of the spice and/or herb and may dry out or lose flavor if sitting on a shelf too long.I strongly suggest trying the blended combinations.  I keep some on hand when I have a tasteless meal that I need to liven up!
5	Love this place.  It inspires healthful cooking and makes me want to be a better cook.  The best of the best.
5	In 1957 the Penzey family started off locally in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. In the mid 80's they expanded to mail order. Now you can just visit one of their beautiful stores and get what you need. Come check it out.Got turned on to this place while visiting my Dad in the Cheese State (WI). I love the giant selection of anything you need to create a tasty gourmet meal. They have some of the freshest spices and dried herbs available.I have to say I am addicted to the Whole Tellicherry Indian Black Peppercorns. They are a larger more mature peppercorn and packed with flavor. Some other favorites are any of the chili peppers, a blend called Arizona Dreaming, the Creamy Peppercorn, Mitchell's Steak Seasoning, and a new one I just got called Berbere Seasoning. Too many to list them all.They also sell Extracts, Grinders, Soup Bases and some really cool Gift Sets based on different ethnic groups or cooking styles. The best part is that many of the items have a sample jar that you can open and smell the aroma to help make your selection.Service is Friendly and very Helpful. They have several recipes cards that you can grab while looking. Sign up for their catalog and receive a coupon for something FREE each time it comes out. Bam!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE!! I cannot say enough good things about Penzey's.  Every spice and herb I own now is in a Penzey's bottle, and for good reason.  The quality is top notch, the expertise of the staff at each store (there are 2 in Phoenix) is second to none, and the inspiration I get after every visit to the stores is where the fun lies.  Spices last longer than store bought.  The flavor combinations get the creative juices flowing and tasty treats just magically appear on my dinner table.
5	Oh Penzey's, how I love you! This store is a cook's dream! Whether you are a seasoned chef or just a pleasure cook, you can find so many spices here that will elevate your plain old grilled chicken and broccoli dinner. I have to restrain myself while shopping here because I could easily drop $500 in one visit. All of the spices are so interesting and most are blended for you so all you have to do is give a little pinch or shake when cooking. It's foolproof and a heck of a lot more flavorful and fun than plain old salt and pepper. This is a hands-on shop so all of the spices are out for you to smell and examine. A lot of the spices have ADDED SUGAR so if you are a diabetic or low carb eater, be sure to ask for help in picking the spices without sugar. There are quite a few you can choose.
3	Exhale and heavy sigh.  No questions this is the mac daddy of spice stores.  Not that there are many spice stores on the planet.  I really had high hopes for my first visit here and left a little flat.  I needed red Hawaiian sea salt for a recipe.  Made a special trip to Penzeys because, well, they're a spice store and I needed a unique spice.  Didn't have it.  The trip across town was salvaged as the Whole Foods in the same parking lot had it.  On the positive side, they have a nice selection of spices, all in "sniffing jars".  Which is ok but most are difficult to smell, they need to have a way to taste the spices as well, they add flavor to the food, not just smell.  Rumor has it most cooks taste their food before they serve it, not just smell it.  If just smelling was required I'd be cooking for Bobby Flay and not the Princess.  They had some grey Australian salt.  Salt is so important in cooking, let me taste this and there's a great chance I'll buy some.  Smelling it?  I might as well smell my computer screen and then order from Amazon.The staff was perfunctory.  A word I use when I'd really like to be a little more snarky but it doesn't become me.  It was cloudy out and slightly raining, maybe they had a bad case of the Mondays (Office Space reference, ding ding ding).I did buy some Star Anise, not sure why.  It's been listed in some recipes but I've lived without it this long.  Probably be just another bottle of spice among the hundreds (it seems) I own.Buying spices?  They can be expensive.  My advice, go to Sprouts or Winco and buy them in bulk.  Its way cheaper and you only have to buy what you need.
5	I really like Penzey's.  I come here for the Vietnamese Fancy Cinnamon.  I love to bake, and it is a really good quality cinnamon.  Great selection of other spices and herbs.  I highly recommend Penzey's when you are looking for great quality!
4	I stumbled across this place yesterday and I must say, I was impressed. Anyone who loves cooking would love this place. I have several food allergies, so this place was great as all their spice blends are very clear about what is in it. No surprises like the regular store spices. I found some spice blends I recognized and some that were new and interesting. Something for every palate. I'll definitely be back again to purchase more spices.
