4	i was in town visiting some friends and we had some take out from rainbow garden.the only thing that i am certain of is that this place has the most def tastiest (if that's a word) crab rangoon. it's crispy and chewy and filled with yummy cheese.next time i'm in town i will be sure to stop in and eat eat eat!
4	I have to say, from the outside, I was scared to go in.  I quickly learned not to judge a book by its cover, because the inside was really well decorated.  It is decorated in a modern-traditional style and is light handed on stereotypical Chinese restaurant decor.  It felt very cozy and welcoming, which is a great feature.The food was very good!  It was presented attractively and the portions are enough to feed you for dinner and again for lunch tomorrow.  I ordered a vegetarian stir-fried noodle dish and was totally happy with my selection.  I tried a bite of my roomate's fried rice, which was a bit oily for my liking, but still tasted quite good.    I will warn you against ordering the egg rolls, because they are the frozen kind.  They taste just like the ones at Panda Express.  I think I would give this restaurant 5 stars if their egg rolls were bigger and homemade.  Over-all it was a pleasure to eat here and I will definetly go back!
4	Everything I've tried so far (Shrimp w/Garlic Sauce, Shredded Pork in Garlic Sauce, Empress Chicken, Beef w/Chicken and Vegetables, and Veggie Fried Rice) has been delicious, except for the Buddha's Delight, which was...meh (I'm not a squishy-tofu fan--ya gotta firm that shit up!).  1 point was deducted for the fact that EatCU.com says you can order from them online, but Rainbow Garden says you cannot.  ....?!  So, don't try that--you'll probably never get your food.  The delivery of the food was also kind of ridiculous (that is, the delivery guy told me to come meet him on the street instead of coming up to where I'm located, and when I did, I found out he'd come upstairs instead), and one of the dishes was missing.  In sum: Sketchy service, but it's made up for by the tasty, tasty food.
4	My favorite Chinese place to get lunch in Champaign!  Tasty, fresh tasting dishes with good sauces - and I'm a sucker for a good sauce! :)  Their affordable lunch dishes come with cup of soup, egg roll, and well proportioned meal. I also really appreciate their service.  The owner is very friendly, and the waiter will usually remember what we ordered and ask if we would like it again. Great place!
2	Let me save you the trouble of coming here. Rainbow Garden is basically all talk and no walk. They invested considerably in the beautiful decor of their restaurant, but the food is rather bland and washy, and the waiters are difficult to talk to, are stuck-up and cop an "I'm superior than you" attitude.We were trying to ask the waiter if he could make the Mongolian Beef *non-sweet* and with straw mushrooms (rather than the ones that come with the dish) but he had so much trouble with the request that after a few minutes, he had to bring the manager to our table, where they both stood by our table with their arms crossed, looking down at us ominously, when the manager plainly said "what is it?"It turned out that they could not fulfill our request as customers, and they were pretty upset about us asking if this mushroom-swap was possible, so they made the rest of our stay hostile and cold, as the waiter stared at us from the corner of his eye while hiding behind some plants. Go to Peking Garden instead. These guys at Rainbow Garden need to lighten up!!
2	I ate it because I was hungry.  I got the spicy eggplant in black bean sauce and mixed vegetables with noodles.  There was hardly any flavor.  In the eggplant dish, they used Japanese eggplant, which is usually really yummy but the way it was cooked here, ti was mushy and just looked gross.  Like really gross. The other dish had no flavor really.  I am not sure what it was missing (well...flavor) but it was just not that good.  The crab rangoon were good though a little too cream cheesy.I dont know. The rest of the dishes that people got looked okay--no one was really raving about how good the food was.  It was reasonably priced.Like I said, I was hungry.  Hungry enough for it again when I am in Champaign? Probably not.
4	We work on campus and typically have lunch at Rainbow Garden once a week .... Tuesday is Rainbow Day!  Over the past 3-4 years there has been some variation in the quality of the food, from only modest to very, very good.  For the past year, though, very good to excellent has been the rule, with good portions. Strongly recommend as one of the best Chinese restaurants in the area, as do most of the reviewers.  Don't believe some of the whiney reviewers on this site ... It's a Chinese restaurant for God's sake! You were expecting gourmet dining?
5	Best Chinese food in CU.  Inexpensive/plentiful lunch options and relatively quick delivery time make this an excellent choice.  I typically stick the chicken dishes, but the Mooshu (sp?) plates are amazing.Once my girlfriend and I went to RG for dinner, and about 20 minutes after ordering the waiter came out and apologized for the delay.  The kitchen had lost our order.  To apologize, the manager brought out a free appetizer and entree.  On top of that he waived the entire cost of the meal.  RG really cares about its customers.
5	I've eaten at many Chinese places around the Champaign-Urbana area and this is by far the best one I have tried.Rainbow Garden is great for dining in or taking out.  The service is excellent and the food is always fantastic.  I've tried a few different things from the menu and have thoroughly enjoyed each of them.  The prices are about the same as any other Chinese restaurant in the area as are the portions (unless you have a large appetite, one dish can usually provide two meals).  My only complaint is that while dining in they do not provide enough rice with their meals.  This isn't a problem, though, as they are happy to give you more upon request.
4	During weekdays, I often stop by Rainbow Garden to pick up food as it has bargain lunch prices and is one of the few options on Neil Street that isn't fast food.  For around $5 to $6, you can buy a lunch combination meal that consists of a generous portion of your chosen entree, rice, soup, and an eggroll.  My personal favorites are the chicken and green beans, barbecue pork and snow peas, and cashew shrimp.  Some dishes I've tried in the past have been a little too salty and oily (the Szechuan vegetables come to mind), but I've enjoyed most of the dishes I've ordered.Of the Chinese restaurants currently in the Champaign-Urbana area, I would consider Rainbow Garden to be the best option for a date.  The outside of the restaurant might seem somewhat unimpressive and grungy, but the interior has a very sophisticated atmosphere, with white tablecloths and dark red walls.By American standards, the wait staff might seem rude at times, but their "cold" disposition is considered formal and polite in Chinese culture.  A previous review complained that the staff is unaccommodating and will not make adjustments to orders.  However, I have previously asked the owners about special items, and they have been attentive and considerate of my requests.  Rainbow Garden has also offered a special menu of delicacies during previous celebrations of Chinese New Year, though from what I've heard, they might not be repeating this menu in the future (still, I think it's worthwhile to check on any potential Chinese New Year specialties).
4	Nice place have been back multiple times.  Unpretentious on the outside, nice on the inside.
4	I've ordered delivery from this place in the past. However, I enjoyed my first dining experience couple days ago. I am surprised to enter a clean and quiet place. Rainbow Garden had a nice oriental ambiance. I'm not referring to the tacky and excess Asian imageries on many walls of Asian restaurants in general. The interior space had a beautiful red wall with red/black elements and simple oriental decor complementing the space. You don't see many places like that at Asian restaurants. Enough with the wall color and such....The lunch special was a very reasonable price ranging between $5-$6. It consist of the type of meat/veg, your choice of fried or white rice, 1 egg roll, and your choice of sweet/sour soup or egg drop soup. The lunch portion is very nice and I think $5-$6 for lunch is very reasonable. However, their regular entrees after lunch might be a little pricey for a hungry, poor college kid.  My boyfriend and I have grown to have bigger appetite over the month. We shared a Mongolian lunch special with two jja jang myuns (black bean noodle with shrimp, meat, and assorted veggies) which was a little too much. The jja jang myun was very tasty and I would recommend people to try it, and they serve you pickled yellow raddish on the side. More importantly, I would highly recommend people to stop ordering delivery for once, get off their lazy butts, get out, and experience their dining service for once. :)Don't get me wrong, their delivery service is fast and good also.
5	I've been told this is "Korean" chinese food, but it's fine with me. Basil chicken is my first choice (stir fried chicken, basil, jalapenos, garlic, ginger) and crispy beef is number 2. Have always had good service and food here. One of my favorites.
4	This food is legit. I have always ordered delivery from here. I usually never have anything to complain about  because Rainbow Garden is great. BUT, their owners/managers are always so angry for some reason. This is not the way to handle customer service, people! You can't yell at someone if they don't like the food they ordered! On the plus side of that situation, they gave me something else w/o charge. Braised chicken/shrimp/whateverelse protein is always good. Same with the lo mein ..I've had way more things there but I can't remember but it's great. Try anything. But the weird tofu thing it tastes like hard compressed dough that was uncooked and super dry ...
2	The service is rude here. They are impersonal and impolite. The food is ok, nothing outstanding but not horrible. They have really good crab ragoons, and their jjajangmyeon is the best you'll find in champaign. In short: food is decent but service is horrible.
3	I saw that Rainbow Garden offered Korean-Chinese food so I thought I would give them a shot.  I ordered a jajangmyeon and tangsuyuk for takeout.  Prices were comparable to what I would pay back home near Chicago.  The portions were pretty decent as well.  Taste-wise the jajangmyeon was good, but not as good as back home.  There were lots of pieces of seafood and meat in the sauce, although it was a bit greasy.  Another reviewer mentioned that they serve pickled radish along with the jajangmyeon when you dine in, they seemed to omit this with my takeout order.  Not a deal breaker or anything, but little details like this which would gain them another star.  The tangsuyuk was nicely fried and cripsy.  The sauce was a great balance of sweet and sour and overall it was a solid dish.I'll be coming back to Rainbow Garden in the future when I'm craving Korean-Chinese food.
2	I went here on a Tuesday afternoon at about 5PM.  I was the only one in the restaurant, and there was only one hostess that had to juggle answering the phone, serving me, and helping people picking up take out orders.It went smooth enough though, and my order came fast, within minutes. I ordered the chicken with green beans, one of my favorite Chinese dishes back home.  Unfortunately... it's hard to believe I'm saying this, but the dish was completely tasteless . In fact, the only thing I could taste was the oil, and oil does not taste too good... The dish just seemed to be poorly cut chicken and old green beans tossed in some cooking oil and stir fried.  There was a little soy sauce, but it did nothing to add to the flavor, and only added to the color.All and all, the place is nice inside, and for only one waiter, the service was good.  Unfortunately, the food was extremely bland, and I will not be going here again. I probably could have done better at home.
4	Again, caveat lector, I don't like Chinese food very much or very often. After my last excursion for Chinese, I've become a brand loyalist to Golden Harbor Unfortunately for me, G.H. was packed like sardines tonight.Thus, it was Rainbow Garden, and perhaps we should chalk it up to my perpetually low expectations for Chinese, but I actually enjoyed this place. It's fairly reasonably priced, the decor is nice (i.e. not a whole in the wall) and unlike G.H., it's more of a traditional restaurant service experience. Where Rainbow Garden is scoring most of its points is that, as some of the other reviews have noted, the service was fantastic. By that I mean, we had food within 10 minutes of ordering it and glasses that never really got empty.The food was good, I suppose. I liked it enough. I'd come back. I wish they gave me some more rice though. I like a lot of rice.
5	I have been going to this place for years. I swear they have gotten even better recently. I got Chicken Eggplant last time I went and it was amazing. Service was very fast even though we ate there on a Saturday evening when they were very busy. Food took no time to get to us. Can't wait to go back!
4	I recently got this for delivery which was very quick. Most of the food was good but I was not a fan of the amount of breading on the Orange Chicken. That just means I will order something different as the Shimp dish that my hubby got was really good. I have had other things from here previously that I also really enjoyed. The prices are reasonable and the delivery charge is understandable. Also the fact that they have Online Ordering now is a big plus. I will definitely be ordering from them again.
5	We had originally planned on eating at Golden Harbor even though we weren't exactly satisfied with our food our first trip there.  They were packed, and lucky for me, my husband agreed to try this place rather than a Chinese Buffet (blech!).  We soooo over ordered.  We started with Sechuan Wontons which were tasty and inexpensive.  I ordered Basil Chicken, labeled spicy, and loved it although there was no heat.  My husband ordered General Shrimp which was the best General anything Chinese I've had.  He also had Beef Lo Mein that was pretty tasty.  The prices seem high, but when you see the portions, they are quite fair.  We have at least two meals each to take home with us.  I'm very pleased with the friendly service and the fact that $42.66 bought us 6 meals total.  So good!
4	We order from here on a regular basis.  There are not many places that will deliver to W. Champaign, but that has never been an issue for Rainbow Garden.  I first started ordering delivery from them 13 years ago when I first moved to town and lived in a different location.   Sometimes we have the same delivery guy I had back then, and he remembers us too.My wife's favorite appetizer is the Pot Stickers, but the other appetizers are pretty standard fare.  We always order the General's Chicken and Barbecued Pork Fried Rice.   I have recently been ordering the Singapore Style Rice Noodles, and they have been very good.  We've tried many of their dishes and all of them have been pretty good.  I'm a big fan of their hot-&-sour soup, over other similar places in the area. Delivery is always very quick.  I've also eaten in the restaurant for lunch a few times over the years, and that is also a pleasant experience.  This is our "go-to" place for Chinese delivery (partially for lack of many other options).
5	Tried the salt and pepper shrimp and another shrimp dish. Awesome.
4	Had lunch at Rainbow Garden for the first time and wished I discovered it sooner! As one of the few Chinese restaurants south of Green Street, it is worth a visit over China King.I had the sweet and sour chicken lunch special that came with a small eggroll and your choice of hot and sour or egg drop soup. - The chicken was battered just right and not too oily, and the sweet and sour sauce came with white onions, green peppers and carrots. I also appreciated that they only used white meat chicken.- The eggroll is small but one of the most flavorful I've had among the Chinese restaurants in the area.- The fried rice was among the best I've had with ample vegetables and scrambled egg- The hot and sour soup needed more vinegar, but I still liked that among the Chinese restaurants I've visited for lunch, they offered soup.Rainbow Garden's ambiance also makes it a nice date spout with booths and red wood themes. The restaurant is actually much bigger than you would perceive from the outside.My only complaint is it's hard to park in their lot given the giant billboard in the middle of it.
4	Rainbow Garden is solid and authentic. It's a quieter, cleaner, and slightly classier alternative to the Chinese restaurants on Green Street. You can tell that they care about presentation with regards to their dishes. Their menu is pretty unique and the house specials are delicious. I like Rainbow Garden's fried tofu, sole fillet, deep fried pork, salt & pepper squid, seafood bird's nest, and pan fried noodles. I'm also a fan of their Korean Chinese fusion foods, something that's pretty common in the Chicago area. Overall, it's great to escape from the hustle and bustle of inner campus once in a while and enjoy a scrumptious meal at Rainbow Garden.
5	I have been ordering food from Rainbow Garden for ten years. Their food is delicious, it's always hot, and delivery is fast! My husband loves the crab rangoon, and I don't think I've ever had a dish I didn't like.Rainbow Garden is also a great spot for lunch. They have the usual lunch special: soup, spring roll and entree with rice for $6-$8.  The lunch specials are a great value, however they only include the common/popular Chinese restaurant dishes such as general tso's, princess, garlic sauce, etc.  If you want something different, you have to order off of the full menu.  But the food quality here is very good and everything tastes fresh.  I'm a fan.
3	We first had carry out from Rainbow Garden many years ago as a gift from a friend. That gift resulted in our spending hundreds of dollars over the years ordering food from Rainbow Garden, which became our go-to Chinese Restaurant. Tonight's order consisted of General's Chicken, Moo Shu Pork and Mongolian Beef. Although the quality of this establishment's food is usually quite good, I was disappointed that tonight's dishes were merely average. The Mongolian Beef was not as hot as it should have been and had too much beef and not enough scallions. The General's Chicken seemed to have poorer quality chicken then usual. The Moo Shu Pork was okay, but also just did not seem to be up to the usual standard of excellence.Perhaps this was just an off night. I just hope that nothing has changed to make us rethink our preferences for Chinese food in C-U.
1	I have ordered from them a few times before but today was different. I waited almost an hour and a half for my food. When I got it they forgot to give me utensils and white rice. When I called them to ask about it I was given a rude response and basically told that they can't do anything about it. The food is ok but the service is TERRIBLE!
2	I ordered General Tso's Chicken, Moo Shu Chicken, and Chinese spinach online.  Afterwards I got a call saying they were out of the Chinese spinach so I had them substitute for regular spinach, but they didn't even offer to just refund my order or refund the difference between the two dishes.  When I went to pick up the food, I didn't bother to check my order because the receipt had everything correct on it.  However, when I got home I didn't have any General Tso's Chicken, but had green beans instead.  So disappointed. Won't be ordering from there again or eating there if they can't get my food right.
4	Surprisingly good - My advice? GO THERE . It's a much more enjoyable experience than typical mid-west delivery 'chinese' food. If you dine in the service is generally super-friendly, portions are great with carefully plated dishes, well-seasoned food and excellent prices.
1	The food was okay but some of the staff are very rude and uncourteous. I had a very unpleasant encounter during lunch time once when the person serving the food demanded a better tip from me when I was leaving the restaurant!!! I had actually tipped him fairly well and I think it is very unprofessional to vocally demand for more money even otherwise! He did not seem to care that I was a regular at the restaurant before this incident and I have decided never to visit the place again.
2	I would have ordered from this place again if the driver hadn't of scammed me for an extra dollar.  Look at your receipt!
3	Nuts and bolts: My boyfriend was in the mood for some hot and sour soup so I searched online for options in the city that served it.  We went for a quick lunch.Order: Hot and sour soup (for the boyfriend), crab rangoons (for me), garlic chicken (to share).Pros: Good portion size.  Hot and sour soup and crab rangoons were pretty good.Cons: We didn't enjoy the garlic chicken too much. We actually brought it home thinking that we would possibly eat it later. We ended up tossing it. Didn't compare at all to what we can get a home.Take home: I'll be trying out a new Chinese place next time.
4	There are way to many Chinese and Tex-Mex places in the twin cities that are just mediocre or worse.  This place however always hits the spot for me.  The dinning area is not that big, and the tables are kind of close together.  Though I think the atmosphere is very cozy and welcoming.  Everything here is very clean as well.Quick service that is very friendly.  A large menu, and all is very well made and prepared.  Fresh and tasty food.  Lots of lunch and dinner specials as well.  I always love the dumplings (how can anybody not love them).  The different types of pork, chicken, and beef are all excellent.  From sweet n sour to BBQ or stir fry.  A small beer and wine menu.  I think the newer location in Urbana has a full bar, but here it is pretty bare bones.  Though the Gekkeikan Plum Wine is amazing.  I am not usually a huge fan of Chinese restaurants, but this is a great place cause everything is true to form, fresh, and well made.  In the States anyway, especially small college towns, there are to many crappy Chinese places that would make the health department go crazy.  If all were of this quality, I would go for Chinese more often.
4	I like the place for the atmosphere and of course the food. I always order sizzler beef which it's good. They use different shapes of boxes for different dish for delivery which makes sure you have a larger container for soup.
4	Good environment. A more classy Chinese food place.mORE Expensive but better service.Has authentic stuff and americanized stuff like orange chicken too..
2	My Husband and I were craving Chinese food from Rainbow Garden. I ordered General Chicken and he ordered S/S Chicken. The General Chicken was room temp and tasted old. To top this off I got FOOD POISONING!!!  What a disappointment. I normally get food from the Urbana location and this time I tried Neil street. Never Again!!!!
1	So like most Chinese sit down restaurants, all orders are generally meant to be shared so bring a friend. The entrees are relatively expensive and each of them can be shared by two people since they don't give you too much food. I thought that the fried rice was good, but the only reason it was good was due to the portentous amount of soy sauce that was blanketed over it. I also found it odd that employees were in the restaurant working on their establishment's balance sheets as well as folding napkins. Water is on my top 5 of favorite beverages and I have to say that the water here was absolutely filthy. Perhaps the worst aspect I experienced here was the server only speaking in Chinese despite knowing that there were English-speaking people at the table. He didn't address us at all and just choose to talk Chinese to the only person in the table to understand it. That was extremely rude and I was quite offended by it.
4	We love Rainbow Garden! The food is a bit high-priced but it is worth it. We usually order for delivery and it's always quick and less than the time they tell you. The food isn't greasy at all and the flavor is excellent.  Worth a try if you haven't already.
5	What a pleasant surprise in Urbana Champaign! My fiance and I were visiting his dad who lives in Urbana Champaign and we came to Rainbow Garden to eat dinner. I didn't have much of an appetite when we came into the restaurant but that quickly changed once the food came out. I ordered the jajang myun, which is the black bean noodles. It came with a loads of seafood, beef, and vegetables. We also got the sweet fried beef, which was also very tasty. I was very pleased with those dishes, especially my black bean noodles. The portions are generous and the food is tasty. Next time we're in Urbana Champaign, I definitely will be back for the black bean noodles or maybe change things up and try something new!
