4	Imagine my surprise and horror when I learned that the pretty green lawn that I had so patiently cared for during the baking summer was going to take a winter vacation and turn brown.  Dormant!?  What the heck is that?  Didn't I treat you right?  Didn't I bake out in the hot sun tending to your needs?  And to repay my efforts you will turn brown and icky!?  Apparently here in AZ you need "winter grass".  Huh?    Unable to accept months of brown desolation in the back yard I headed off to Ace to see what I could do.  No gardener for me!  I am going to Do This Myself!This Ace location is great.  Not too big, but not too small either and staffed by employees who are happy to help.  Instead of being left to wander aimlessly, I was greeted at the door and escorted (not pointed to, or aimed at, but escorted!) directly to what I needed.  Michael was extremely helpful in explaining the (foreign to me!) process for prepping for and planting winter grass.  His recommendations were exactly what I was looking for and he didn't try to sell me anything I didn't need.  He even carried everything to the register and loaded the bags of seed and compost into my car for me.  Thanks!!  Now, let's just cross our fingers that I will have the greener grass this winter on MY side of the fence...
4	I work in the area and few times needed to get something for a pressing home need.  These folks have always been friendly and very helpful and their prices aren't bad, either.  Did I mention friendly & helpful?
3	It's great to have a local ACE hardware store much closer to where I live in Pinnacle Peak than Home Depot or Lowe's. I'll stop by if I just need a few items or forgot something. The sales help is friendly and usually knowledgeable... unlike the big boxes. OK...once or twice they've trailed me down the aisles... probably to help answer questions... but I almost felt like I should promise not to make off with any extra nuts or bolts!I'm glad to support a local, independent store and pay for the convenience... but the prices they need to charge do add up quickly(OK... reasonable but usually high if not on sale). If I need a shopping cart of items, the extra trip to Home Depot/Lowe's more than pays for the gas (even closing in on $4/GAL)!
3	Checkout girl not trained well. Clerks tried to help, but lacked some knowledge. Overall nice folks giving their best.
1	This place gets one star because that's the least I can give them. I went in to this store to get two items, WD40 and HVAC coil cleaning spray.  Neither item is unique and one would think that an employee of a hardware store would have at least a basic knowledge of each. WRONG! The kid behind the counter (he was probably 19 or 20)  was lost when I asked about the HVAC cleaner and sent me on a wild goose chase throughout the store. He gets a pass because he's young, is probably Is just working the counter as a summer gig and I wouldn't expect him to know much about HVAC supplies. The real idiot was the old grouch sitting behind the paint desk.  He sat his crab-a** back there drying paint samples. After my third trip around the store junior asked the clown behind the paint counter if he knew where the HVAC cleaner was. Crab-a** looks up at me like a chicken staring at a card trick and asks in an irritated tone, "what do you want?" To which I replyed, HVAC coil cleaner. Again, as if I was interrupting his paint drying, he says "what about it?" and for the third time I asked where I could find it. His response was "I don't know, try over by the filters" as he returned to his paint drying. Now that's what I think of when I hear John Madden talking about the "helpful hardware man".Do yourself a favor, avoid these jerk-offs and go the a real hardware store like lowes or home depot,
4	Super duper helpful folks!  And close to the house.  Who needs the depot?  Not I.
1	I had a piece of threaded PVC that wouldn't come loose so I asked the helpful hardware man what to do. He sold me a $28 strap wrench to do the trick. I should have smelled a rat when it was non refundable. Got home and it was a worthless piece of sh!t, not holding a grip. I called the store and they held true to form by not giving a sht. That is what earns them a one star review, no "sorry", no offer of help, just a "so long sucker!"Caveat emptor!
5	It so nice to have a sore that you can go and get help in a second, without having to walk aisle after aisle. I went in there with a broken rubber band for my horse exerciser and said " I need this". In no time I had the part and was out out there . This is not the first time I go to this ACE, every time I have been there it's the same. Great job guys!
1	Every time I get keys made at that location they don't work.  They have a guarantee but who wants to drive back to have keys redone.  This last time they were training someone new, guess what....the key did not work.  I complained to the manager and he just said, "well what do you want me to do fur ya".
