4	A cool little museum of the history of Montreal. It is 3 floors. The 1st being a rotating exhibit. Currently when we went, it was the history exhibit on ladies fashion.  We skipped it. The 2nd floor is the primary floor with more permanent exhibits. I loved the Inuit sculptures. So fascinating. The 3rd floor was an photography exhibit on Asians in Canada. Interesting! It took about 1.5-2 hours to walk through. The 1st floor also has a small cafe and a a wonderful gift shop that is grossly overpriced.It is free admission on the 1st Saturday of each month.
4	a museum of cultural history that focuses its attentions on Montreal itself
4	If you hold the French and Indian War in high esteem as a critical event in determining mastery of North America, the McCord Museum has artifacts on display that will pique your curiosity.If you aren't a huge fan of that war , do not fret-- there is still plenty to see at this compact museum.As part of the 90 treasures, 90 stories, 90 years exhibit, you'll find a locket containing a lock of hair from Major General James Wolfe. You'll also find writings from the Major General's journal. The Simply Montreal exhibit takes you back in time throughout the city's past and offers insight into social mores and customs of the residents. You'll see fashion from the 1950's, pictures of record snow fall and early type writers from the start of the 20th century, to name a few of the objects on display.$13 is the cost of admission. This may seem a little steep if you aren't entirely interested in Canadian and North American history. The top floor was also somewhat disappointing based on the unfortunate diminished size afforded the Indian Act Revisited exhibition.As history obsessives, we spent about 2 hours here. Your mileage will vary with your degree of interest. The museum is situated in a pleasant area by McGill University and minutes away from Parc du Mont-Royal.
4	Dropped into the McCord Museum for an hour to check out the Inuit Modern exhibition. Absolutely first class, superb works presented in a stellar fashion - clean display, beautifully lit, concise explanatory notes. The exhibition, featuring the collection of Esther and Samuel Sarick, was organized by the Art Gallery of Ontario. It continues to September 3.
4	I only saw one exhibit here, the first peoples one, which is supposedly going to be part of their permanent collection. It's a small exhibit, but packs a punch. Well-done exploration of the connection between items of clothing and culture; tells some of the (vast) story of Canada's first people through beautifully crafted articles of clothing, touching upon struggles, subjugation, as well as resilience. I'm in no way an expert on the subject; I found the exhibit eye-opening and moving.
3	Decided to visit Musee McCord on a Wednesday night when its free between 5-9pm which I'm glad I did cause when I visited there was only 3 exhibits open- Inuit Clothing exhibit, Montreal exhibit and a Grace Kelly exhibit. I just visited the Inuit and Montreal exhibits as I did not want to pay the extra charge for the Grace Kelly exhibit as I had no interest in her. The other two exhibits are good and quite interesting but I wouldn't allocate more than an hr to visit these small exhibits.Overall it is a fairly well done museum but as it had a whole level closed when I was there, I'm glad I did not pay the admission price.
1	You have become a disgrace of this fine city.You are a soiled dove.You should be ashamed of yourselves, and never find rest in your sleep, that a museum of the history of this great city who once as far back as I can remember gave free access to its residents the first of every month now break this deal.By no longer honoring this tradition you have lost all honer and respect that we have had for you.You were once my favorite museum that I donated more than I had to give.You are a sad institution,A greedy group, for who I will never again visit, and I hope beyond hope that you soon close your doors for good!Shame on you all!I hope they turn you into a condo complex, or better yet a public toilet because that is what you have reduces yourselves to you traitorous scum.
