5	What would I do without the new Sequoya Branch? I just moved down the street this week and, as a Seattle native and former English major, libraries are important to me. Sequoya has reminded me that a good library is more than just a great selection of books and free computer time. It's about the community. As a new Madison resident, I'm so grateful.The design of this branch is gorgeous, and it doesn't hurt that EVP coffee and Chocolate Shoppe Ice Cream are both right next door! Last night, I walked up to the library about half an hour before closing. There was a Pulitzer prize-winning author giving a talk in the presentation room. Little girls were on the computers, chatting back and forth on Gmail. And I was looking for new furniture and perhaps a job on Craigslist. Other details: There are multiple Self Check-Out stations, copy machines (copies are $.10 each), books and DVDs to rent by the week, and decent Dell computers (one of which I'm using now to write this review). Thank you, Sequoya staff, for welcoming me to Madison!
5	I love libraries in any shape or form, but when they're beautiful - it just makes it so much better. They don't bother you if you camp out to study, too.
3	Short but helpful staff. And great new building in a great new shopping center. Lots of self-checkout and fabulous hours (until 9 on fridays!)
5	Clean, quiet, comfortable. Best thing? 9 PM closing on Friday. Grab a DVD after dinner, perfect.
5	We actually came here as out-of-towners during a snow storm... we had a bit of time to kill and my son needed to move! We had to check out of our hotel and in an effort to find a place to go for a little sensory/movement, I stumbled upon this place!So glad we did.I'll speak only to the kid's section, but the rest of it was definitely clean and spacious.The kid section is in the corner... so not disruptive. They can roam freely in the open space and you only have to corral them into the corner! There is a train set table, coloring books, colors, manipulatives, puzzles, and all kids of fun pretend-play toys. And of course...books! The parking isn't so super and the entrance to the driveway nearly too my bumper with it! But overall, this place was the perfect getaway for us and a much-needed opportunity for my son to stretch his legs before our 2.5 hour drive back to Chicago.
3	Super clean and organized library. However, the staff is just way too rude for my liking. Most of the librarians just frown.
