4	Finally!! A good steak in Matthews!! Decent prices, nice atmosphere, and good food. Beef, Burgers, and Beer are all good.
2	Food was pretty good (had a very good steak), service was just average, but the noise level was far too loud. The music was at a level that encouraged strained conversation, which makes for a less than relaxing evening. I don't plan to return soon--too many better options for the money.
4	i enjoy Char Bar. It's an upscale burger/wing joint. Anyone who's been to Hickory Tavern will note the similarities since the same group owns both concepts. The size and shape of the space creates a tight space and does create a noisy atmosphere. But, considering they have 2.3 TVs for every diner, you're not coming here for a romantic evening. We haven't seen the outdoor patio in use, but the space looks very inviting.The service staff is well-trained and very friendly. This is a nice fit for the area, but not a destination location.
5	Excellent food, service and atmosphere...just wish it was larger for more seating, but not much they can do about that....once it warms up a bit, the patio will rock!Oh, and Sun nights, $3 crappy can o beer served in tallboy with brown paper bag...classic! :)
4	I have been twice. Both times the service was very good and the food was good too. My first visit I had the Leap Year Burger which suggests you should only have it once every 4 years because of how decadent it is. For health reasons, I would agree but for the love of God how can I have this burger only once every four years? It was DELISH and soooo bad for you, which made me like it even more. I have come to the realization that I swoon over anything that is topped with a fried egg which the Leap Year Burger has. YUMMO!!!!Last night I had the Salmon Salad and although I appreciated the fact that they cooked my salmon as requested, Medium Rare, the salad itself was uneventful. Mixed greens with goat cheese and large rings of onion did not rock my world and the dressing that came with it, citrus vinaigrette, tasted artificial. I will most likely be sticking with their burgers.Last night they were offering 1/2 price apps if you Liked them on Facebook. Not sure how long that special will last but it was a great way to get us to order one of their apps.. We had the Nachos and they were OK.
3	Reasonable service and menu ... though we've had their burgers a few times now and while not bad, they aren't all that great either ... especially for a place that touts its burgers.  It is literally the flavor of the meat ... just seems a bit off.  Perhaps it is just our preference, but have had that same point of view from several family members.Good options for those who want a dinner salad.  Good kids menu.  Nice atmosphere (though they do get busy from time to time, and it isn't a place where I would find a wait to be worth my time).Damning with faint praise?  Maybe I'm being too harsh.  It is a pretty good spot, hence the three stars.  The restaurant itself is visually appealing -- they did a nice job opening this relatively new location.
4	Very good place to take the family, kid-friendly.  I've been very pleased with the food and the beer selection.  Can get pretty busy on weekends with resultant slower service, but staff very friendly.
3	Great atmosphere for a local pub. Lots of TV's so you won't miss watching your favorite sporting event. The bar service is awful. Not sure what the bartenders are doing most of the time, they don't really seem that busy. The service at the tables is better but can be spotty depending on the server. The food is decent. Better than the average bar food. The burgers have generally been very good. The Fish & Chips is really bad. Small pieces of fish that are either overcooked or greasy. The chips are not traditional english fries but rather fried potato chip things. Not very good either. I really like their Chicago Dog. Very tasty, but the bun is generally over toasted so it falls apart as you try and eat it. Pretty good selection of beers on tap, bottles and cans. The patio outside is a great spot to hang when the weather is nice. Overall, it's a nice place that needs a little more focus on service.
4	We recently had a large get together for a friends birthday this past weekend here.  We took up most of the outside patio which was beautiful!  Stone fire place, comfortable couches and great atmosphere.  They turned the heaters on for us when it got too chilly and the service was all around awesome!!  Separated all bills for us wit no problem!  Will be back!!
4	Lots to like here - good food, good service, good atmosphere, good location (at least for me:).  I love the French Dip because it is simple and is very tasty.  It isn't loaded with rabbit food which may cause a few people to turn up their noses.  I've tried another couple sandwiches, which were very good as well but I the FD is the regular.Also, I love the tots, fried pickles, and as of this latest visit - the charbroiled wings!  The better half loves the burgers, Southwest especially.Only thing keeping it from being a weekly, or more, frequent, is the price - it's a reasonable night out if eating in and enjoying all that the place has to offer but a little high for just sandwiches.
4	A little noisy if you sit inside but we have enjoyed every meal we have had here! Great to have a local go-to place.
2	Not impressed and poor service. More detailed review to come.......So now that I have time, here goes....Seemed pretty busy for a Sunday night, very loud inside. I ordered the CB7 burger, Husband ordered the Leap year burger, and daughter ordered regular burger. We also ordered the fried pickles, sauce was good but they were pickle spears fried, not a lot of breading, very sour tasting. I wish the menu had been more descriptive. We also ordered the pretzles, but i never got to even taste them, devoured before I had a chance. The waitress, Ally according to my receipt, was not very attentive. My drink never got refilled once, husband had an Oberon, glass was empty, never stopped or asked if we wanted another. My daughter did get a refill. I was drinking tea, she had coke. There was a guy walking back and forth all night inside to outside, I am guessing the manager. He was a tall black guy,I stopped him at one point and asked for a to go box for the burger for our dogs. No one ever came over to ask how was everything, they seemed very understaffed. The menu was overpriced, and the burger was not great.  Another point, we asked for extra napkins, for our food, someone brought us 3 cocktail napkins. We won't be back, and if I'm in the mood for a burger, I'll go to 5 Guys.
3	Wide variety of burger choices. It was very busy and the waiter wasn't very good. The food was ok, but not amazing. Pretty average. Service was extremely slow. Haven't gone back.
4	My new watering hole! Decent beer selection. Good food. Cozy environment.  Those two bearded bartenders make you feel at home.  I recommend the turkey sandwich, it comes on a pretzel roll and u get tater tots!
3	It's ,,  ok . .  I came for lunch during a slow time so the noise that that other reviewers talked about wasn't really an issue. The service was also good the waitress was good about keeping me in diet coke. The food wasn't bad but it wasn't really good either. For a place that only does beef they're not really good at beef. My medium rare burger was a solid medium and a little on the dry side and really kind of lacked flavor. The interior was nice lots of TVs around to watch and stuff but the food was really just average.
5	Tried this place for a 1st time on a Friday night around 5:00 pm. Great atmosphere. We were in fireplace area.  We loved it. The waitress was superb and very attentive. We ordered Fried Pickles, the Bomber sandwich, Tilapia salad, and Smother Me Naked Chicken Breast. OMG! Everything was delicious and cannot wait to go back.
5	Never, ever had a bad experience here. Between me and my boyfriend, we have tried every (beef) burger on the menu. They're ALL delicious. GREAT SERVICE ALWAYS! Tracy is our favorite. She's awesome. Every server we've had has possessed a positive attitude! Definitely give it a try!!
5	First time eating here. I had the tilapia florentine. Omg was it good. It was on top of rice with a Parmesan spinach cream sauce, side order of delicious broccoli. Husband had the ribeye, it was good and cooked as he asked. We sat on the patio, very nice atmosphere. Service was prompt & friendly. We will be back.
3	They are just another burger joint honestly. The staff is nice and friendly. Their burgers are nothing out of the ordinary. It was kind of weird honestly because I ordered a burger that had bacon on it but I was charged extra for bacon. Make sense? Ya didn't think so. What also sucked I like my burgers about a medium but it was well done and since we were on the patio we didn't see our server a whole lot but she was pretty nice so can't complain on her. The upside the burgers are a good size so you get a good bit of food just wish they'd give more fries with it. Also my wife wanted to sit on the patio and it is pretty nice out there. They have a fan up top running so it was a nice little spot to hang out at and have lunch.
4	Just had lunch there.  Had the steak salad.  The waitress was very accommodating for a few changes to the item.  I have been here twice now & will be back.
5	The food quality is very good. I'm here every week especially since they are now open for lunch. It's becoming very popular. Rightfully so.
2	This place is a joke. Seriously. The service was amazing but if I wanted just service I would go and get a message. I can't believe that this "Resturant" sells itself as a beef/hamburger joint. Get anything but the chilli or hamburgers and you'll be fine; well you'll be but your wallet won't. Stupid overpriced. The best thing I can say is the draft beer is ice cold...
3	Food is good if you stick to the core of their menu.  They also have a good beer selection.  Great atmosphere for kids because it is loud.  Biggest complaint is the hostesses; they always act like you are inconveniencing them when you ask for a table.
2	Unbelieveable Noise.  Dirty floor. Everything's extra even the sides .. Even if side comes with your entree. 44.00 for two ..mediocre sandwiches and Two beers... Not going back....Meh...
4	not many places get well-done as right as this place ... our burgers, both ordered well, were EXACTLY timed right, just out of pink.  Fries were OK, nothing special, but not greasy.  Fried pickles were spicier than most places ... were wedge cut Claussens I believe. Enjoyed them.  Lots of TV's but the noise level was quite low actually ...we were there around 5 on a Friday.  Seemed pricey at first, but when you factored in that the burger price included the fries, it works out about the same as ordering those separately at places like 5 guys.
2	I've been here 4 times now and consistently disappointed. Fish and chips were soft and soggy, the club sandwich worse. Probably an OK place to drink but I would avoid the food.
5	I've had multiple satisfying experiences at this location. My wife enjoys the CharBar salad and I haven't gotten past the patty melt and onion rings to order anything else on the menu. I'd eat this any day of the week!
