5	See Tracy for an awesome fill and Chris will give you the BEST pedicure! Their prices are the best in town, specially the pedicures which are 40% OFF (which ends up being around $15 for standard pedi).
4	Very nice ladies. I would recommend them to any of my friends. Cheap! $17.50 spa pedicure with nail polish included.
5	This is my go to place whenever I'm in Vegas.  Tracy is the owner, and she is amazing! I've gotten to the point where I only see Tracy for any of my waxing services.  I love her, she's gets my eyebrows just how I like them unlike other places who like to thin out the eyebrows.  She's also amazing for any nail/mani/pedi services, but I think all of her staff do a fine job.
5	I'm really reluctant about giving out 5 stars to any business. If I do they have to be top notch, the best of the best. At Queen Nails they are the best nail salon I've ever been to!I usually like doing my own pedicures solely because when I go places to get pedicures, I don't know if I'm the only one who feels like this, but the person doing my pedicure seem to always be rushing the pedicure & a little too rough & careless about how they scrub & cut my nails. Sometimes it even hurts. Not only that but the manicurist are ALWAYS talking to each other. It makes me feel uncomfortable & I assume they're talking crap.BUT here they seriously are so professional! My manicurist name was PETER. He's the sweetest guy ever! I was reading a few reviews & someone said that it was "quiet" in there. I wasn't sure what she meant until I got there. Quiet as in they keep the talking to a minimum so it doesn't feel like they're talking crap about you or anyone in the store at all. & your manicurist talks to you just enough talking so you feel comfortable with them.& the pedicure itself didn't feel rushed at all. He took his time & the only time I twitched was when he was scrubbing my foot softly because it was a ticklish spot. Plus a hot stone foot massage?! YES! Thank you.This place is seriously the most professional, clean & affordable nail salon I have ever been to. I highly recommend this place! I'm never going anywhere else ever again. Oh! & I forgot to mention that they even have cute little bear chairs for kids when they get pedicures too! So if you have kids & they want to get a pedicure, this is definitely the place to go!
3	Loved my $17.50 pedicure, especially because it had the hot stone. I had never gotten a pedicure with hot stone before! I loved it! Gave a 3 stars because the girl I had did not talk much, she moved my feet and chair without even saying a word. Felt very awkward. Also when I asked for white polished she looked at me like I was crazy and asked why I wanted white then talked to her coworker in their language .... I like white on my toes? Is that bad?  I just felt very uncomfortable. And that's probably my biggest bet peeve when people talk in their language because it feels like they are talking bad about me. Another thing I noticed when I got my toes done was that the polished had already chipped off before I had even left. I let that go and just left. But overall it was a nice pedicure, I'm complementing if I want to go back. The price and hot stone would probably be the only reason I would go back.
5	This place is wonderful. Paid $17.50 for a great pedicure! I walked in with rough and callused feet - they did a great job making them look good. Ladies are polite, and are quiet - which I prefer. Paid close attention to my nails. Really cheap and includes hot stone massage and polish.  I came in right when they opened, and they were very busy by the time I left. Someone came in as a walk in as I was leaving, and they were able to take her right away even though they were busy. Highly recommended because of price, politeness and attention to detail.
2	I've been here a couple of times. They are pretty cool I really enjoy their pedicure special for $17.50 with hot rocks & all that good stuff lol. However the only thing I won't recommend is their full set I got a full set & not even 3 days later it was time for a fill. I feel like they try & rush when doing your full set. The pricing is good if you like a half done job or a not well done job. Oh & one more thing the man that works there his name is Andy was a little rude both times I went like he's upset you came or something. ( wouldn't recommend him ) If you was to get a full set let Tracy so them
1	They are so rude here second time in a row I have been here & the guy Andy has gave me attitude. He rolls his eyes & when he talks it's nothing but attitude , this will be my last time coming here the prices are good & everything but I rather pay $20 something to have a good job done AND be treat nicely.
2	My sister and I came in for gel manicures and the quality was really bad. There's polish on my cuticles and my sisters nails weren't painted all the way. Plus they filed my nails all the way down to were it's almost raw. The gel manicures were 30 dollars each. The staff however was very nice but I feel like that is irrelevant since I didn't come in for good company. We have to get our nails redone now. We saw Sarah and Tammy. (Also my sister noticed Tammy's license expired in March) haha
4	Tammy is the sweetest nail tech you'll ever run into. Plus, they're prices are great. Everyone here is very polite, and they touch up for free!
3	Tammy did my nails. I usually go to a different nail shop but this one is near my house. The wait time was 15 minutes. They do an ok job. I would go back but prefer Nail Bar. The price is good for what you get.
4	I love coming to Queen nails for their deluxe pedicure! They have a special on the pedicures so I only pay $28 for it rather than $35+ at other places. Tammy is the sweetest and gives so much attention to everything she does. I only gave them a 4 star because my polish always chips within a couple days. Totally recommend this place for all your pedi needs!
