2	Compared to other fro yo spots, this place just does not stand out. They only had two tart flavors (original and mango) the rest were sweet such as peanut butter, banana, cookie, and such.A majority of the fruit was straight from the can (peaches, pineapples) and the "fresh" fruit wasn't ripe (think green strawberries). They also have all the sweet, not so good for you toppings but I can't tell you how fresh those items were.If I'm in the area, I'll probably stop in again because it's the only fro yo place in Edgewood. Hopefully, the fruit will be fresh in the summer when it's more in season.
5	I love self serve frozen yogurt places. I actually came here once during the winter. There various kinds of frozen yogurt flavors. I only like chocolate and that's what I always get. There are different fruit and candy toppings. Ive had a little bit of everything. The toppings were fresh and didn't taste stale. The spoons are reusable; I keep mine in my purse. Why throw away a perfectly good spoon? It's been hot these days, so it would be a real treat to come in here for some frozen yogurt.
4	Located in Edgewood Town Center near planet fitness.This is standard frozen yogurt fair.  It isn't remarkable and the price is very fair.I recommend it.
4	I like this place a lot and I go in pretty frequently.  They do have a new tart flavor - it's a strawberry-lemonade flavor (if my memory serves) that's pretty good.  I really like the array of toppings.  I disagree about the fruit being out of a can - they have strawberries, mango, kiwi, and occasionally blueberries and bananas.  I get the fresh strawberries every time I go in there and I've never had under-ripe strawberries.  I like the mochi and the dried bananas for a topping.  I think that the one thing that I will complain about is the TV.  They always have some inane children's movie on and the volume is up to 100.  Otherwise, it's not a bad place to visit if you live in Edgewood or Swissvale - it beats having to fight for parking in Squirrel Hill when you're in the mood for frozen yogurt.I hope this business is successful.  The location in which they are operating has had several different businesses in there over the past couple of years.
4	Very good spot! Lots of flavors, lots ot toppings and friendly staff. Only one issue: they close at 09pm so, if you are in the mood for a frozen yogurt lately, you cannot satisfy your sweet tooth. Other than that, it is all good and probably one of my favorite frozen yogurt spot in the area (and I tried a lot tutti frutti in squirrell hill and work next to a razzy fresh in shadyside...)
4	Very interesting seating area and atmosphere. Standard yogurt flavors and a little pricy. Fun alternative to Razzy Fresh and Sincerely Yogurt though!
