2	This gas station is like the bermuda triangle of gas stations!I came here w/ a friend on a first friday, she was DD'ing and i was her passenger "and i ride and i ride i ride through the city's backside.." until we eventually reached E and desperatly needed petrol. Like a suspicious siren this little green long necked demon sang to us, luring us in w/ his dino siren song. As we pulled in a car was broken down near the entrance and several dudes were milling around the engine, hood propped open, pondering their next move. I grimaced at their misfortune. We filled up, i strolled inside to pay for my friend Kathy's gas and get some munchies. I walk back out to her car and pump her gas, we chat and make jokes. All the while i notice Kathy is so sketched out, ( a case of white girl from the burbs out of her comfort zone late at night down town).Gas pumped check. We climb back in, she turns the key in the ignition, and dead silence. A mere clicking and then nothing. SSSHHHIIIIIIITTTT.she starts panicking, i can only help but laugh at our misfortune. Two cars in the same gas station broken down.Our situation only seemed more dire as time passed, and each car that came to Sinclair refused to help us, or just shirked us off w/ some lame excuse.It was only until two young mexican teenagers came to our rescue that we were able to move. the other car had managed to start up, and the boys asked the men in spanish if they could give us a jump, reluctantly they agreed. The Mexican men swung their beater over towards Kathy's engine and we hooked up the cables and...LIFE!we said our thank yous and shook hands, and then brought the teens back to their homes, much to the protest of my scared white girl associate. Had it not been for those wonderful people we'd have been stranded at the Bermuda Sinclair possibly till day break.
2	I've never reviewed a gas station, and I'm not sure I ever will again. Long story made short... I got a Sinclair gas (credit) card because they have stations at the dock at both Lake Powell and Lake Mead. When on a boating trip of a few days or more, it'd behoove me to have one of their cards for a slight discount on expensive marina & dock gas prices. Hence, the visit to this station which is no where near where I live, but happened to be in the neighborhood. What a dump. The cute dinosaur gets you, but it's merely a neat symbol, as the "Quickie-Mart" was dirty, poorly stocked, and lacked some modern ammenities you'd expect in a QT or similar. Avoid.
2	Avoid unless you are at dire straits with your gas tank. This is in a bad neighborhood, I should know it is the one I grew up in, and why does it seem like they ripped off the Dinosaurs show with the dinosaur logo and the name 'Sinclair?'
5	I LOVE THAT DINOSAUR, I mean that dinosaur actually gets me wanting to gas up and purchase various convince store items like candy bars and gas station cheeseburgers.  I don't even eat candy bars or gas station cheeseburgers but I would do anything for that dinosaur, I swear to God I'm not drunk I just really like Sinclair Gas :)
4	I pulled in here in desperate need of some gas at about 8pm on a Friday and the service station (mechanic/oil change etc) was still open.  One of the friendly attendants saw that my windshield was horrendous looking (from a road trip a few weeks ago), and offered to clean it for me....I had flash backs from days of old, when there was always human gas attendants outside to help fill your car up and clean your windshield.  So nostalgic and pleasant, I was compelled to write a review :)
2	This gas station is "okay" but only at "last resort" situations. Why? Well, because:1. the neighborhood itself is questionable/shady (i.e. bars on windows, graffiti, trash blowing like tumbleweed, etc.2. it's located by onramp of 202 freeway. I believe more robberies occur at gas stations/banks located nearest to highways or freeways (for quick get-away)3. it's not very clean. Think lots of dust/grime.4. inflated pricesWhy did I give Sinclair 2 stars and not 1? Because of the cute green dinosaur on the sign. He's so cute, I couldn't resist.
1	I have never reviewed a gas station before, and I have also never been to a gas station without gas, but this place SUCKS! I am in desperate need of gas, have no where to go to get it, and I pull in to this place only because I saw the cute dinosaur, and low and behold, there was no gas. AVOID AT ALL COSTS, THIS GAS STATION is terrible for it is gas less and the service sucks
1	Horrible. Worst I have been treated since I have been in Phoenix (five years). There are signs on the pumps that state, "To prevent fraud, all credit card transactions must be done inside." I thought it odd, but walked inside. The guy who worked there said hi. I said, "Hi. I'm wondering, why do you have to come inside to pay?" He said, harshly, "Did you read the signs?" I said, "Yes," He said, "Then you just answered your question, didn't you, buddy? Not too tough, was it?" I looked at him, incredulous. Seemed like a harmless question. I turned to walk out, saying, "I think I'll get gas somewhere else." He said, "You do that, buddy. No skin off my back."Based on the fact that there was nobody else there, I think it probably was. Maybe not the douchebag I talked to, but the owner probably wouldn't appreciate the fact that his employees are treating customers like that.Well, I guess I'm not a customer.Never will be, either.
1	Who leaves their gas station un-attended during business hours when there are customers in the convenience store? Sinclair
