5	I went to the Thai Spa Saturday night and haven't have solutely incredible experience. The staff was so friendly and so knowledgeable and there was 1 of the best massage I've had last 5 years I feel loose I feel refreshed and I'm now officially a regular. Great staff great experience I'll see them again in 2 weeks
5	Greatest massage I've ever had, they definitely earn the Money!
5	Found this spa on Yelp. Liked what I read about this place and gave them a try. Short story is this place a legit Thai Massage shop with a great staff of very professional and friendly therapists. Jasmine is my therapist and I could not ask for better. I get the 90 min. Thai/combo massage. It is really great. The other staff members laugh at me after the session because of all the screams I let out during the massage. Jasmine knows what I can take and she really knows what I need to feel better. I'm going to be a repeat client from now on.
5	What an amazing experience!! Anna has magic in her hands, feet and elbows too. :) I recommend this to everyone who comes to Vegas or lives in Vegas. The Combo massage of Thai stretching, essential oils, and hot stones is wondrous.
5	As a regular at The Thai Spa I decided to get a 90 minute 4 hand massage with therapists Dee and Ohn, as I wanted to experience something a little different this time. I can say with out a doubt that was the absolute best massage I have ever had in my life. The care and precision they had to work out all those knots in my legs and back is unmatched.  I'm officially addicted to their 4 hand and it will be what I get moving forward. Very clean, very funny, very nice, very professional.. Dee and Ohn are the Best!!!! I won't go anywhere else in Las Vegas. . I'm spoiled now...
5	This is the best massage place I've found in Las Vegas.  Their Thai Massages are even better than what I had in Thailand.  They have true professionals that know their craft well.  The facility is impeccably clean, inviting and relaxing.  I took my girlfriend the first time and we had a simultaneous massage in the couples room.  I've been back five times and have always had an outstanding massage and great experience.  I typically book at the last minute, but it's usually better to have an advanced reservation.   Anna has been my favorite masseuse, but everyone there has years of experience.This is definitely NOT a "happy ending" massage place (like so many others in Vegas).  You will be happy if you're looking for an authentic Thai massage though.
5	I get massages once every couple of weeks in my home town, and pretty much everywhere I go when traveling. I've had massages on pretty much every continent, from pretty much every different style imaginable, so while I wouldn't call me an "expert" in massage, I certainly know a good one when I have one.And today I met Dee, and it ranks top 5 massages of my life, and easily best in the last few years. I explained to her my issues, she understood and repeated them and proceeded to work my like a pro wrestler! (in a good way!) Seriously, 6 stars wouldn't be enough. Extremely well done, very receptive to requests for more or less pressure, very knowledgeable about the body and intuitive in finding the problem spots and working them out. As other reviewers said, this isn't your typical Vegas jack shack. These are skilled professionals offering a truly fantastic service. Won't ever go anywhere else when I come to Vegas.
5	I yelped for a massage. Yelp got it right!I got a massage from Jan. She was amazing! I had a real problem shoulder issue and she worked it out.I got a 90 min. it cost $100. Plus tip.It was worth it.I can't afford this pampering every week or once a month but ,when I can afford it I will go back to see Jan for a repeat of the best massage ever.
5	I LOVE this place!!!!!! The massages are better than any massage I've ever had a resort or casino. Ask for a lady named "Bang Oyn" she's awesome. I went in barely walking with some major sciatic issues, after an 80 minute massage I was perfect again.
5	I had a wonderful massage experience with Anna. I had the Thai combination which incorporated stretching and hot stones. This would be a great choice for athletes because of the stretching; it was akin to physical therapy in a way. Highly recommend! Reasonably priced too.
5	Miss Orn was awesome. First Thai experience and I loved it. Rough but just the right amount. Place was clean and smelled good. Very professional. I will be back along with my friends but probably not at the same time cuz that would be weird. Thank you very much Thai Massage!!
5	I went again to my favorite massage spa in Las Vegas and had  a 1 hour 4 hand massage with On and Cha Cha. All I will say is they are the most incredible service providers.  My shoulder back hamstring and right knee were out of wack. The combo used several modalities to work every knot out.  I can't praise them Enough!!!! The are the best!!!!!
5	I got off of work and my back was killing me. I needed a massage ASAP and none of the chain spas could fit me in. I found this place on Yelp and it's AMAZING! It was the best massage I've ever had. I'm feeling  much better now.
5	Get ready for an incredible Thai massage!  If you've had it before you will not be disappointed by this concise and well appointed establishment. Ja Ja was my masseuse and put me in poses I've never done before. Warning:  know what Thai massage is before you sign up!  (They walk on your back!) great rate on a #1 class massage just one bus away from the strip (sx).
5	When I am in Las Vegas I always go to this spa and make an appointment with Jasmine. I have had Thai massages  all over the country and Jasmine is the best!!  I strongly recommend 90 minutes because one hour just goes by too fast.  This is a legitimate massage studio and you will not be disappointed.
5	Best Thai massage I ever had and I've been to Thailand several times. The woman I would recommend is Arn, she is an amazing healer and works hard to fix what ails you. I went back 3 times in 5 days, price is reasonable for what you get.
4	The name is misleading because it is not a spa however ANNA is magical.  I went in with ankle, knee pain and she massaged it right out with Thai Massage, stretching it out, and opening my hip joints.  The room was clean and comfortable, no loud conversation, but I did go during the week when it is less busy.  I went with cash based on other reviews.  Definitely when I come back to Vegas, I will visit this place again!! Felt totally relaxed, and improved when I left the Thai Massage Parlor.  Highly recommend ANNA.
5	I took my wife there after supper on date night. They got us, as walk ins,  right in. We had a couple's massage.  We both had injury concerns we didn't want them to mess with and they listened and accommodated us. They were very professional. We left very relaxed.  They used multiple modalities as well. We'll definitely go back again and recommend to anybody wanting a great massage.
4	4.5 stars! I got the Thai massage which, if you've never had one, involves some stretching and the girl putting your body in a few different positions (pulling on our arms, rotating your legs, etc.). It sounds a little funky but it's nice actually. You won't necessarily fall asleep but it's relaxing. And they don't tweak on you the whole time...it is actually about 60% regular massage too.So I recommend the Thai but they also do traditional deep tissue and Swedish massage. Prices are reasonable and they seemed to be doing brisk business. I'll definitely be returning!
5	Awesome thai massage. My body feels like jello. The girl that I had was really strong and worked the heck out of my knots. Call before coming in if a walk-in. Totally worth it.
5	Best massage I've gotten in the last 7 years hands down. Very professional clean location. Authentic Thai massage multi girls on site I received a hour of personalized treatment detailed to every injury of my body I work on my feet all day and play in a basketball league twice a week this spa worked out every pain in my body I don't know how she worked so well with my 6'3 frame and almost put me in a figure four leg lock while releasing all the tension in my things. Can't say they won't see me again.
5	I love this place. I have been going here weekly for about a year. If you've never had a Thai massage then you've  never really had a great massage. Forget about massage envy or one of those Chinese places down in Chinatown  These massages are in an entirely different classThe massage includes yoga stretching, hot rocks,oils and more stretching. I feel like $1 million bucks when I'm doneThe first six months, I tried out all the therapists at one time or another.  The therapists are all well-trained and give great massages   But I have to say my hands down favorite is Jasmine.  She speaks fluent English and is a real treat to spend time with.  She is a very competent masseuse and knows the spots that need attention. The only problem is that time flies by much too fast and you never want to be done.
5	Thai Spa is humble in comparison to the local big casino spas.  Although don't let that fool you. They have amazing customer service and are dedicated to help you feel better, not fleece you of your hard earned cash.For those locals who get massages regularly for pain or to support their active lifestyle, then Thai Spa is where to go.  For those trade show goers and exhibitors, this definitely is worth venturing off the strip.  You will not be disappointed at this legitimate establishment.  After walking the trade show floor for hours and feeling like your spine has aged 50 years or the bone in your heel is smashing against the pavement with each step, this is where you come to seek relief. It's not for the light hearted.  Their idea of a deep tissue massage is intense by most standards but the benefits out weigh any discomfort you may feel.  They will bend you and stretch you in way you didn't know you could.  If you are flexible enough, they may even twist you into a pretzel if you like that sort of stuff... I very much enjoy it. The key word is "trust". You must trust your therapist implicitly and flow with them.  As if they were an extension of you. If you resist and tense up, you will cause yourself more harm than good.  If it hurts too much, speak up, you won't hurt their feelings and they will gladly adjust to what you can handle. This is not the place to "Cowboy Up" because their most petite therapist has enough strength and stamina to take down the most roughest, toughest of cowboys or cowgirls.Let them know why you are there and what are the trigger points you want remedied. With as affordable as it is, you can afford to come back for a follow up session if you have more knots than a shipyard. I usually go for a two hour session to get a more focused treatment. This is a great place for the ladies as well as gentlemen. They also have a couples room for those who want to spend some quality time with a friend or a significant other. If you are courteous and respectful to your therapist, they will go out of their way to treat you like royalty.  Although it's a no frills location, be rest assured you will walk away feeling like a million bucks without breaking the bank.
5	I had a one hour thai massage for $65.  My practioner was a very well trained thai woman measuring maybe 4'11" and 95# (I'm a 6'4" male who weighs 240#).  She walked on my back (and everywhere else), stretched me like a rubber band, dug deep where she needed to and turned a stiff lower back into a bowl of jelly.  Best $65 I've ever spent in vegas.
5	"It's like a mixture of yoga poses and some weird sexual positions."-The Getaway: Bangkok episode on a Thai massage.After watching a clip of Chrissy Teigen getting pulled and stretched in different ways, I was curious as to how a Thai massage would feel like. Thanks to good ol' Yelp, I was geared to this place.Called a little after they opened to make an appointment at 6p. Located in a plaza right next to Hedary's, you'll find this very small "spa." As I walked in, I was greeted by a handful of petite, Thai women. I was honestly apprehensive as to how legit this place would be. I couldn't help but think if happy ending places were foreal? HahaMy massage therapist was Jasmine. Read about her in a few reviews and requested her. I originally wanted the 60 min Thai massage but she recommended the 60 min combo massage which I'm glad I ended up going for. It was a mix of Thai and Swedish with hot oil and hot stones at the end. The room was small with two beds with music lightly playing in the background. The massage was great and Jasmine was very pleasant and accommodating. If you have any problem areas that need special attention, they'll make sure to cover those areas. She was initially a bit hesitant to step on my back but she said after feeling how tight my muscles were, she could do it and it honestly ended up being my favorite part. The stretching parts were a bit awkward but did provide relief. She told me I "looked flexible" and really forced me into stretches. Very similar to some yoga moves! Just as good as she was with her feet, she was good with her hands too. I felt the tension being released and my knots getting undone. It hurt but in the most positive way.Overall, a good find. I left feeling a lot better and so relaxed. I plan to become a regular and recommend this place to anyone. $65 for an hour and definitely worth it.They also have a punch card. After your 10th massage, you get an hour free!
5	Holy WOW! I just got my first thai massage and it was sooo bad azz. They incorporate a mixture of deep tissue, hot stones and stretches. They actually have bars on the ceiling for when they step on you. I love strong massages and the two ladies that worked on my boyfriend and me did an amazing job. Some of the stretches they did cracked parts of my back I had a lot of pain in. I was surprised when she put me in a full back bend but she was knowledgable enough to guide me through it.You do strip down to your undies just to warn those who prefer the fully clothed types of massages. If you're interested in a new type of massage that doesn't break the bank, check out this place for a Thai massage.
1	It was a pretty good massage but a bad experience. I called prior to coming to make an appointment, when I called I clearly requested a massage for 1 hour. After my massage was over, my therapist told me she was scheduled for an hour and a half and she gave me an hour and a half massage. Since I didn't want to make a big deal out of it, I just paid the additional money, but it was a 40 dollar mistake that they made that I ended up paying for. I probably won't be back based on this and whoever answers their phones should make sure that they're completely clear on what the customer is asking for and that they understand.
