1	Pinks at Planet Hollywood TOTALLY FUCKING FAILS!!! They're there when they want, and that's it. From what the info desk girls said, they come by like 4 times a year and it's a craps shoot whether or not you'll be around when they are. Now I have to go to Hollywood to try this place out. Luckily for me, I'll be in Socal next weekend!
2	I had my hopes of trying PINK's hot dogs for the longest time, and I finally tried it here at Planet Hollywood's Race & Sports book. OOooOoo... What a disappointment!It was just a small little stand with one worker who looked like he didn't want to be there!I ordered a regular hot dog combo, which came with chips, that cost $5.95. The chili dog combo was $6.95. It just tasted like a regular hot dog, except that it had a nice "snap" to it (which made me give the place an extra star!). Other than that, nothing special about it. The chili tasted like crap on it, probably because it was old and in the container all day! Ewww! Actually, I bet all the food they served there was old! EKKKK! =OI had asked the guy working there when they will be opening the actual official stand, and he said he wasn't sure. However, they will be opening one near the Hawaiian Tropic entrance of Planet Hollywood. SOOO..LOOK OUT! Hopefully by that time, the dogs will be better...
2	Decent. If you've been to the original LA location, prepare to be somewhat disappointed. Food: Meh. The dogs seemed precooked, the buns were plain, and the mushrooms looked canned. The Planet Hollywood dog was damn near $8 alone. I had to ask for a side of nacho cheese, because the PH dog here only comes with a slice of what looked like kraft cheese. The prices were at least $2 more than the LA location, but I guess its understandable since its Las Vegas. The fries weren't freshly prepared like the LA location either. AND to top it off, they didn't have grape Crush soda or Yoo-Hoo like the LA location. Service: The cashier chicks were nice. The dogs and sides were served up/made in assembly line unlike the personal attention you get from one person at the LA location. Overall, it was just MEH. I'd rather drive 4 hours, then wait in line for another hour to have an authentic Pink's hotdog. I probably won't come back here unless they somehow manage to replicate everything that the LA location offers. This place seemed like the "McDonalds" version of Pink's. The only good thing is that they accept credit cards, while the LA location is only accepts cash.
4	Way overpriced for some tiny dogs, but they're pretty good. I haven't eaten the one in Los Angeles yet, so I need to give that a try. Once I go to LA, I will definitely update this review. Getting it to go is such a mess!! We had no choice but to and the huge stack of napkins totally helped. The chili dogs basically exploded in the bag and it was messy for sure.Come to Pinks for the dogs, not the fries or onion rings. They are soo greasy that I felt like a tub of lard eating just one ring!
3	I was super excited that this past weekend, I got to have Pinks in Las Vegas. It's there people's, but it's located on the outside corner of Planet HollywoodPros: -Pinks's was Vegas out,,,,Super bright pink signs-Didn't even have to wait in line-Quick food for Vegas- Yummy bacon-Order of fries is automatically seasoned, yumo!Cons:-It's too hot to eat outside in Vegas during summer, we took our food into the Planet Hollywood Mall and ate at the tables near Fat Tuesday's-Canned mushrooms-Didn't like the taste of the polish dog here -Scaled down menu from the original***So I still haven't found the right DOG for me at Pink's LA or LV, but I'd definitely give it a another shot**BUT HONESTLY....I STILL LOVE MY SF MISSION BACON WRAPPED HOTDOGS (with grilled onions from the carts)  AND COSTCO HOTDOGS (super duper cheap) WAY BETTER.
2	This place is meh times twenty. I've had a better hot dog from the refrigerator section at the grocery store. I would definitely skip this place all together. Although all the glitz and glam of the Pinks restaurant sign and ambiance is nice, it is so not worth digesting this hot dogs. I ordered the Chicago dog and the BF ordered the Chili Cheese dog. Both were forgettable and the dogs did not have a lot of flavor, such a bummer. The total of two hot dogs and one large drink was $20, so not worth it. I am guessing this is not the Pink's of LA, because that Pink's has a much better reputation than this two star joint.
2	ok it was like 107 degrees in vegas when i visited and Pinks only offer outdoor seating. sucky seating aside, the food is way overrated.  i mean like $6 for a nothing special hot dog... that's ridics even for Vegas.  my chili dog was bitter, and the dog itself is skinny, and tastes like any dog you can get in the deli section of safeway.  i will not eat here again.
3	perfect for a hangover cure but putting that aside, i think 6 bucks for the chili cheese dog is outrageous. it wasn't bad but it wasn't the best either.
2	It was pretty exciting to try Pink's for the very first time. But my sis said this location is $3-$4 more per item compared to the LA location. Not only that, but the menu is shorter and the specials are not the same. The good thing is, there's no crazy hour wait like in LA. Had the Vegas Strip Hot Dog. Two hot dogs, served with chili, mustard, guacamole and jalapenos. Very tasty, but a bit on the heavy side. Especially in 100+ degree weather since there's only outdoor seating. Sis had the Bacon Chili Cheese Dog, which was pretty good too. Gotta love chili! Had a bite of the Pastrami Burrito. Now that was just weird. Hot dog, pastrimi, chili, cheese and onions. Odd combo and taste. Pass. Lastly, their fries were very good. Seasoned and crispy, just the way I like it. After combo-ing my hot dog, it came out to like $12! Wow. That's some expensive hot dog that I couldn't even finish. Not because it was big, but it was just too difficult to eat in that hot weather.
3	So I've never been to the Pink's in LA.  I'm not a big fan of hot dogs, so waiting in line for an hour + does not sound enticing at all.No lines at the one in Vegas!  That and not wanting to eat two hours at a buffet led us to Pink's.  Located right next to the Miracle Mile @ Planet Hollywood, this place only has outdoor seating, under giant umbrellas.  It would have been nicer if it wasn't 100+ degrees that day, but I digress.$17.30 gets you a spicy mojave and a planet hollywood (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/uQB9kS7LzEsGhLTMUUnmEA?select=ku-M_3hoD0dxaTy6-8yQnQ).  Warning, the spicy mojave is not for the weak.  Those jalapenos can kick your taste buds in the butt!
3	If you have eaten at the one in LA (located on La Brea), you will be disappointed here. The selection is limited,  and because it's on the Las Vegas strip, its more expensive. Oh well
2	Pink's is one of those over-hyped places and since this location is in Vegas, also super over-priced! It was located right outside the Planet Hollywood hotel and wasn't hard to find with its bright, pink name etched on the glass. At least there was no line at all when we got there. Only outdoor seating so refrain from getting anything too spicy in the humid weather.It was $6.75 for my bacon chili cheese dog...not really worth it especially when the ones at the original Pink's in LA cost almost half that. It was topped with bacon, tomato, cheese, and mustard since I didn't want onions on mine. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/uQB9kS7LzEsGhLTMUUnmEA?select=3FCsHb9yQxmpuyvnn8fyxA) The bacon was nice and crispy but the hot dog was TINY and wasn't anything special. The ones from Costco are way bigger! My bun was also flimsy and broke in half after 2 bites. It could have used much more chili and the cheese wasn't melted enough. It was still a tasty meal overall but totally not worth the price tag.
3	I visited this Pinks at about 2AM after drinking ALLL day. For some reason a burger with coleslaw and mustard sounded amazing. Too bad the cole slaw at pinks is SOOOO GROSS. It has almost no flavor and its just not good. The slaw is chopped up all funky...not uniformish...i hated it. Needed salt and a lil sugar...it was like mayo salad vomit.The burger patty was fine. My friends got turkey chili dogs and I tried that...it was good.The fried something we had...I think it was french fries were good. The whole set up of this place is a narrow hallway...you can barely read the menu. Its about 4ft between the wall and the counter. Then there is an assembly line of cooks and at the end is a soda fountain.I guess its a good place to go cause its open late and they have a lot of options.
1	The hotdogs are quite expensive. I had a swiss/mushroom hotdog, I think the mushrooms came out of a can. The swiss cheese was cold was not even melted. The hotdog itself was small, but it had that "snap" that I really like. The bun was alright.The young asian lady that got our order was not friendly at all. She doesn't even smile..."what's your problem, miss???"Better luck next time... Pink's Las Vegas....very disappointing!
1	really, you want to charge me 7 dollards for a chilicheese hot dog?  One star for having pepsi on tap and unlimited refills and a cool place to people watch, but wow hot dog literally cost 20 cents. what's up with the 3500% markup?And, it wasn't even noticeably better than Wienerschnitzel's. Disappointed and $7 more in the hole.
2	I am a lover of the weiner!... but, this place was all talk and no show.  I have to say that I enjoy the hot dog ladies at USC, Sac downtown, or TJ over Pinks...  Yes. I'd much rather have some Sacramento Capitol Dawg over Pink's... and, (if you know me) that's saying alot...
2	I came to the strip to hang out with some friends I haven't seen in a while. Since I live in LA, I know Pink's and introduced them to it and they love it. Some of those friends have since moved away from LA and are deprived of the Pink's that they have come to love. Well upon hearing that there was one in Vegas, one of my friends was so happy because she was totally anticipating it and hyping it to her husband. Well we found it outside on the strip by P.F. Chang's at the Planet Hollywood casino. There was no line. NOT a good sign, but we thought that the Pink's name that we know and love in LA would suffice so no worries. We all ordered our dogs and sides of french fries and chili cheese fries. The orders came back rather quickly and we proceeded out to the patio to sit and eat. So how was it? Not very good. The toppings were cold and the hot dog was limp and just didn't ooze of the flavor and kick that the LA spot has. It's also more expensive here even without the wait. And one of my friends wanted a hot dog she had in LA, but they changed the names to fit the Vegas theme and lacked the same kick in LA. And the husband? He was less than impressed with the place. We ended up being belligerent and threw the fries at each other rather than eat it. All in all, disappointed with the experience in Vegas. Again, the nonexistent line should have been a clue. Not impressed. They really have to overhaul the place to make it match LA's! My friends and I gladly wait in line and are satisfied in LA. Here, not so much. Disappointed to say the least.
4	I think a lot of people need to realize that this location is in Vegas and basically everything is overpriced!!! My BF and I shared the planet hollywood hotdog and it was delicious! Strips of bacon, mushrooms, nacho cheese and onions on a polish  dog = yummmayy!  Open 24 hours with a good amount of seating outside!
4	I love their chili dogs! Its really nothing special but this location beats the LA location with a 5 minute wait versus 90 minutes. It is in the back of the Planet Hollywood. The only thing I don't like about this location is you can ONLY eat outside and it sucks during the summer.
3	I had lunch here Monday with several friends.Planet Hollywood Dog: 3.5/5Onion Rings: 3.5/5Service: 3.5/5Ambience: 2/5
2	Definitely not the awesome experience that I had with the Pink's Hot Dogs that I tried in LA.  The place in Planet Hollywood is of course cleaner and newer.  But the hot dog I ordered (with pastrami, swiss cheese and mustard) was nothing special.  What I thought was surprisingly good were their onion rings.My friends that I went to eat with all had similar reactions. (one ordered the polish sausage-based dog, which he said was overcooked and dried).Maybe it is new and they are still trying to get up to speed, but just under $8 for a hot dog! not including any beverage, that is totally not worth going back to try again, no matter how much I miss the Pink's Hot Dogs from LA.
2	Not sure what all the Pink's hype is about. My friends from LA stand in line for an hour at the one out there (never been, just to the one in Vegas I'm reviewing). Basic hot dogs. Had better at ball parks (Fenway!). It was a 10 minute line wait here, but I think that was more due to the incompetence of the staff behind the counter. Glad I've been, cause I now I don't have to endure the wait in line in LA (as in I wouldn't go out of my way to return to Pinks anywhere).
3	Went to Pink's on the weekend of Oct 2nd.  After drinking on an empty stomach, my two friends and I decided to go to Pink's before meeting up with the rest of our friends at a club.  I'm not sure what it is about my group of friends but we like to have a few drinks before an intermission of (greasy but quick) food.  This can either be good or bad when it comes to writing reviews.  We were starving and needed food asap.  We actually took a cab to PH for the sole purpose of getting Pink's (instead of just eating something in the vicinity of our first spot or the next drinking spot) because after 2 nights of eating at expensive restaurants, clubs, and losing money at the tables - we wanted to eat something noteworthy but cheap.  According to my friend who is born/raised socal, it is not as good as the original in Cali.  I figured this was a mind-over-matter slash original-is-always-better-duhhh situation.  We ordered the bacon chili cheese dogs, fries, and beer.   My other friend (a newyorker) and I thought it was good but agreed it wasn't awesome.  Considering the acclamation Pink's receives from born and bred LA-ers, I changed my assumption and decided it probably is better at the original stand in LA.  I remember thinking it wasn't as amazing of an experience as I was hoping to get - and was a bit disappointed by the lack of "snap" in the dog itself.  Also, it was a bit... much.  I have a feeling the dog had better snap to it before it got doused in the chili.   That being said, I did enjoy my experience there.  It was exactly what I was looking for at that moment.  We were buzzed and looking to eat something extremely unhealthy but tasty - and that's exactly what we got.I'd definitely try it again because for some reason, I think it was just an off night.  And we had some strange concoction of drinks before going there so all of this might be completely in my head.
3	Been wanting to try the Pink's in LA for years, but somehow just never made it.  Was tickled 'pink' to see that there was an outlet on the strip at the new Planet Hollywood.  Carnegie Deli and Pinks in Vegas?  Heck, I won't have to travel as much now if I can have it all here. :)  After a fun night of drinking, I headed there and excitedly ordered the chili-dog.It was okay...didn't wow me, but was pretty much a regular chili-dog.  Maybe I expected a little too much?  I mean how much can you expect from a hot dog?  Even then, I expected something just a little more special.  The snap I had been expecting was nowhere to be found either, but perhaps the hot chili was a factor.The outdoor seating and watching the crowds go by on the strip made it all the more entertaining.  Bonus points for having seen Jerry Springer (for real) standing in the same spot just a few hours earlier.Sadly, the chili-dog was so small that I ended up at Sirocco's for a late night slice afterwards.  Not a bad way to end a night at all.
3	For a hot dog place, even in Vegas, the prices are crazy. Pretty decent chili-dog. The hot dog had the right snap to it.  The chili was pretty good. I really hope that Pink's in LA is better than this, or it might be one of the most overrated places of all time.
4	I do feel the need to paint a little picture before writing this review... Its Monday morning, last day in Vegas, ISH needs too go down. Bottle of Gentlemen Jack - killed by 1030am. 4 rounds of flip cup for shots donezo by noon. The day is now set for ultimate triumph or complete utter disaster. Walking down the strip, I had seen Pinks the day before. I had no clue that Pinks had expanded from LA and was stoked! When we got in, I had to ask if it was the same and homeboy at the counter said "Yeah, its exactly the same BUT we just charge a lot more." I laughed and asked where he was from.... 408... GOTTA LOVE THE BAY!! I ordered a Las Vegas Dog: 2 hot dogs, chili, cheese, guac, onions, mustard, jalapeno. A friend order some kind of bacon, cheese chili craziness dog. WOW To top it all off, we split some cheese fries. OK - I get that its really pricey for a hot dog but I was so full that it didn't matter. When it comes down to it, 9 bucks isnt that bad if you end up satisfied it is?The perfect end to an awesome weekend in LV.
1	Go to the one in Hollywood...This one is not even close to taste and old school-ness.Our food tasted old and stale.No crush sodas in the old school bottles.Positives include no 2-hour wait, and much cleaner.
5	Holy Crap! There is a Pink's Hot Dogs in Vegas! I honestly don't remember the name but I had a dog with BBQ sauce and cole slaw. Friggin awesome! My wife had a less inspired dog that had chili, onions, cheese, and mustard. Twas still really good but not as good as mine. I really have no cons about it. Friendly staff, good eats, simple set up, good price. Bonus - shot walk from the bellagio water shows. So try to grab some pinks after 3pm.
2	During my thanksgiving vacation my first dinner in Vegas is pink's hot dog. I was told the pink hot dog is the most famous one in Hollywood. Since I never got a chance to visit the Hollywood one, we decided to give it a try and see how their "Hollywood" tastes.My Planet Hollywood dog comes with some bacon and melted cheese, along with the hot dog. It was not that bad but I did feel a little bit ripped off. I guess anyone who has bacon, American cheddar, hot dog and bun could easily make a planet Hollywood dog at home with a much lower price. Is it because it's on the strip and they need to pay for the rent and renovation (and advertising as well)? I would think even the Costco hot dog has more cost-performance value than Pink's at Las Vegas. After visiting this store, I think I need to find out how the real SoCal, Hollywood Pink's Hot Dog tastes, not the fake Hollywood!Oh by the way - don't order their fries. Very expensive and small portion.
3	Pink's hotdog is a good place to go eat just for the experience. I guess it is famous in LA and just opened here, so with all the hype for this new location I decided to try it one day when I was at the Miracle Mile Shops. When you walk in it is a small little stand, just like if it was to be its own independant trailer on a corner, all the seating is at tables outside facing The Strip. They have a large menu posted on the wall as you walk in. I got the mushroom swiss hotdog, I think that is what it was. It was good, but didn't care for the mayonnaise they drizzle on as if it was mustard. The prices are a little high, I believe I spent xlose to 12 dollars on just a dog and a soda, but sitting outside is nice, I am a big fan of patio dining. All in all it was a cool experience to be a part of the famous Pink's Hot Dogs, but I couldn't see going there too often. Definitely more for tourists than locals, but the strip in general gets old for locals so maybe I am just too biased.
4	Wanted to try Pink's in Hollywood, but the line was crazy long.  Was surprised to see it on the strip in vegas, i gave it a try.  The dog was really good and tasty with lots of toppings.  The only thing is the price, but it's just like going to the baseball or football game and buying a dog there.  I had the chicago this time.  I'll try something else next time.
3	I had the chili cheese dog without onions and was a little disappointed that the chili did not contain beans.  The french fries were nice and crispy.  I made the mistake of eating outside on a cold December day, so my food cooled off quickly; I think it may have been better warm.  Overall, I thought the food was good, but not worthy of all the hype.
5	On the morning of my half marathon, I walked passed Pinks!! All I could think about during my torturous 13.1 miles was..."Please God let that be the same Pinks from LA!!"Let's be honest...it's Pinks!....you can't order and not be satisfied with it! Greatest part.....NO LINE!! Although I'm sure the longer they are open, more people will sprint their way on in...and if they don't...then I feel bad that they could not experience the wholesome goodness of a Pinks dog engulfed in BBQ sauce, oozing over with chili and covered in cheese and onions!
2	I do not normally eat hot dogs, but I love a good bratwurst or italian sausage.Between the four of us we had four hotdog and sausage dishes, plus a burger, the onion rings, and chili-fries.We expected the hotdogs and sausages to be of great quality, but we found them to be lacking in flavor.     I would have given the restaurant 1 star, but bumped them up to two stars for the following:- the bacon on my Planet Hollywood was amazing (but everything else in it was blah)- the onion rings were very tasty (the chili-cheese fries on the other hand were not).- when they messed up our order, they quickly corrected it and additionally let us keep the sausage plate that we hadn't ordered.- my friends said that unlike the dogs, the burger was actually quite tastyFor me, I think the sausages that one finds at an outdoor fair have much better taste/quality than what I found at Pinks.   I recalled the meals being much better at the one in L.A......was that  because after waiting an hour in line in the cold in L.A. anything they served me would have tasted good?   I don't know, but I know I won't be returning to the Vegas Pink's.
4	Had to see if this place lives up to par with the infamous Pink's in LA. I actually kind of missed the special celeb dogs from LA.. this place only had 3-4 specials: the Kim Kardashian, Holly Madison, and 2 others that I can't remember at the moment because they are probably insignificant. I ended up getting a hot dog with Polish sausage and chili which was good, but definitely not worth $7. But whatever, a meal is a meal. and I was fed and happy.
3	I had the chicago polish dog (figured I should counter all the grease and calories with the lettuce, tomato, and relish that comes on this dog), almost like a mini salad on top of my polish sausage! It was ok except for the fact that my bun completely fell apart, thus defeating the purpose of eating a hot dog. My friend had the bacon chili cheese dog, which I had a bite of and really enjoyed. The bacon added just the right amount of salty goodness. The fries here were really tasty, and although we didn't order onion rings, almost every other table around us had them so I'm guessing they're popular. What is nice about this place is its location on the strip and the outdoor seating. A great place to people-watch and enjoy the weather. As a sun-starved Seattleite, it was nice to be able to get some vitamin D and UV rays in since most of our Vegas cavorting usually happens at night.If you want yummy hot dogs and fries, or just some hangover food that hits the spot, i'd recommend. If you're a tourist in Vegas and are trying to experience Pink's in the city of sin, this surely isn't it. Too clean, too friendly, too flashy. The down and dirtiness, and hour-long wait in line that you'll find at the original Pink's in LA is what makes it special, for better or for worse.
3	I go every time I go for a trek up and down the strip and will continue to do so.The reason I'm only giving three stars is that although the service is good, and the place is clean, and the dogs aren't bad, they're not all that great either.  Mainly I like the place for the variety.The dog by itself can't hold up to a properly done Nathans, but it's nowhere near as bad as a Bar S.The Rueben Dog is good, but the hot dog itself gets lost in the reuben part, which isn't bad, but I'd like to taste the dog if it's there.Now, what makes Pinks (LA anyways) famous is the chili dog.  I recently had the bacon chili burrito dog.  The bacon was nice if undercooked, but that's about it.  The cheese and onions got lost in the chili which was pretty dang boring.  It's not spicy, it's not flavourful.  It tastes kind of like bean powder was mixed with ground beef, gravy, and a dash of tabasco.  Not anything special.If a place is famous for something, it should be good, that's why they're famous.  So it was very disappointing to discover it tastes like something out of a budget can.
3	This Pink's serves up tasty dogs for sure - but I suppose it's all about the toppings. I opted for the cheesy-grilled mush/onion-bacony goodness of the Planet Hollywood Dog (I guess a new creation just for this Las Vegas location) which was exactly what I'd expect a polish piled with melted cheese, grilled stuff, and good bacon to taste like. My only qualm is the outdoor-only seating where you see large hordes of asian families hovering around the deck heaters (perhaps this was simply a product of being here around Christmastime), and the pricing - which is a little more than I'd expect out of a hot dog (considering for the price I could have a pretty decent lunch at a many a sit-down restaurant).
2	First and foremost, hot dogs are one of my favorite food and I expected a lot from Pink's. I failed to try Pink's in LA because I never have enough time when I'm down there. I was at Pink's this weekend in Vegas and decided to eat here with some friends. I knew how great the hot dogs are, so I tried it. I got the mushroom swiss. The hot dog was long but skinny. To my surprise the hot dog tasted OK, but it was made in less than a minute after I ordered it. In conclusion, the hot dog was NOT made to order as it was already pre-made. The hot dog was not hot but warm. Also, they charge $2.95 for a fountain drink which is not listed on the menu. What a great way to rip people off... all in all I spent over $10 on a hot dog and a fountain drink. Way overpriced! I know they need to pay for their rent but this is ridiculous! I will never come back to Pink's in Las Vegas. I will try Pink's in LA when I visit... hopefully it's a lot better than the LV location.
3	I'm from LA but I had to go all the way to Las Vegas to try Pinks. I ordered the bacon tomato chili hot dog which was a good choice. Nothing was all that fabulous with the chili or the hot dog but the ingredients together made it worth the $6 bucks. I avoided the long line by eating there on New Year's Even vs New Year's Day.
3	Good and one of the few places on the strip where you can get full or under $10. I'm not a fan of the snap/almost crunch of the dogs, but the toppings are plentiful and the prices are reasonable for VEGAS. I went mid afternoon and waited 5 minutes, I'm a pretty big guy and ordered two dogs...mistake! One is plenty, like I said not my favorite type of dog, but what they do they do well, I'll probably be back.
2	I havent had the original pinks in LA, but the people I was with wouldnt stop raving about it so we tried it here in vegas. I came away pretty unimpressed. The toppings were matched very well and there were a lot of interesting combinations. HOWEVER, i tried the hot dog itself (i got a polish) and it had NO flavor to it. I guess they have good toppings but their hot dogs have no flavor? this was the biggest disappointment, especially for paying a good 7-10 for a hot dog. I'd much rather have a costco polish dog.
2	This place was fun and conveniently located, and the food is fine but not at all special.  I had a chili cheese dog and the chili was not good quality and the cheese was liquid cheese served with a ladle.  Same goes for the chili cheese fries.  It was kind of fun to have hot dogs for lunch but they are no better than hot dogs you'd get anywhere else.  If you really feel like hot dogs or are looking for something fast in that area then this might be a good pick for you, but otherwise look elsewhere.
3	Had a late night dog with pastrami, kraut, and mustard. It was a perfectly good dog. I had heard of the famous one in LA so I wanted to check it out. For what it is, it is fine. Like most things on the strip, it was a bit overpriced, almost $8 for a dog. But you pay for the experience and the ability to write a review on Yelp. Priceless.
2	Pretty average.  I've tasted better dogs at Venice Beach and many other places.  Very easy access,  just next to the Miracle Mile Shopping Center and Planet Hollywood Casino
2	The Pink's in Southern California is another one of my bookmarked businesses. And again the franchise opened another location in Las Vegas. Located right on the busy Las Vegas Blvd strip and in the Planet Hollywood resort, there are no indoor seating, but plenty of outdoor seating. A great view of the strip and the Bellagio Hotel located across the street. I had one of their unique hot-dogs-"Three Dog Night". For $8.25, I get three skinny hot dogs wrapped with bacon and chlli, cheese and chopped red onions in a flour tortilla. This gourmet hot dog is featured on Triple-D in So-Cal and Guy Fieri considered this hot dog, "MONEY". But my hot dog is nowhere as good as his, where my slices of bacon was "undercooked" and not crispy. I still prefer the Bacon Dog Cart on Mission St in San Francisco any given day. The only positive thing about the small hot dog place is that I get to see the fountain show at the Bellagio while eating my subpar snack. I'll still go to the Pink's in Southern California and check out other items though.Three Dog night: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/T0Uw6vwwfO3el29wBoDamQ?select=ZPkgzbo64jO7u91BF6eXsA
3	It was good, but nothing too special.I had the Planet Hollywood Dog, which was good, but nothing crazy!
3	what do you do when your friend is on a winning streak at the craps table? You go outside and eat some pink's hot dogs! That and the fact that we had a coupon you couldn't go wrong. The hot dogs were decent. Being from NYC we're not used to have so much stuff loaded onto the dog. Had a chili cheese dog and a Reuben. Quite tasty indeed, but nothing to brag about. Filling? yes. It didn't taste like rubber hot dogs, and it wasn't a dirty water dog, but hell why not? Try it if you're in vegas, use the coupon people!
3	Dude, it's Pink's...in Vegas. My two favorite things in the world. OK, I really don't feel that way. But if I was a surfer dude from Redondo Beach out with my buds for a Vegas weekend, this would certainly be my dining destination of choice. Since I'm not, I guess I can be a little more discriminating. But dude, it's Pink's. Well not quite Pink's. Just a reasonable facsimile in an apt setting, Planet Hollywood. Jamie W. and I really wanted some dogs after strolling through the sterile City Center complex which has none of the kitsch that really is Vegas. Luckily, Pink's has kitsch to spare in its patio setting outside the hotel entrance. The menu looked familiar. We decided to each get a $4.75 Giant 12-inch Jalapeno Dog with nacho cheese and chili, and share a $6.50 "Planet Hollywood" Dog, which consisted of a Polish sausage, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, bacon and cheese (see photos). Oh did I mention the fries, too? Nice and tasty they were. Indigestion thy name is Pink's. The Jalapeno Dog has that snap to the wiener that I don't care for much. I prefer a meatier dog to the tooth, and the mustard was way overwhelming, but chili, cheese and diced onions are bulletproof on a dog as far as I'm concerned. The "Planet Hollywood" Dog has quite a pile of toppings to maneuver in your mouth starting with the bacon strips lording over the sausage already drowning in melted cheese. The mushrooms seemed almost incidental to the creation, but they were good. Hell, it was all good in a bad, bad way. FOOD - 3 stars....quite an abundance of toppings on those dogs but not quite the Pink's I remember in LA AMBIANCE - 2 stars...hell, it's just a patio...in pink SERVICE - 2.5 stars...just keep moving the line and the dogs will eventually be there TOTAL - 3 stars...a middling experience based on a distant memory of the Pink's in LA
2	It's not the best hot dog place I've been to but it got the job done. If you're walking down the strip, a little drunk and your stomach is asking to be fed, this might be the place for you. The prices were reasonable and the selection of toppings is pretty good but I didn't really understand why this place is famous for its hot dogs.I ordered the Pastrami Burrito (or whatever it's called, I was drunk) and it was pretty good but I really don't remember any pastrami in it. It was more like meat/bean paste with a couple hot dogs thrown in.It wouldn't be my first choice for food while in Vegas but if your tired, want something quick and you're in the area it might be worth a look.
4	I live in LA and have to say that the hot dogs here are just as good and the wait is shorter!!!! We were walking by and hungry, this is a good alternative to a sit down place because the dogs are always great. I hate all the crazy extras, I stick to the basics and fries and you won't go wrong. I also don't like the outdoor seating only, had to take food to go because it was such a chilly nite!
5	THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE CHILI CHEESE FRIES ONLY.Even though I am in love with the idea of chili cheese fries, the idea is usually far more appealing than the real thing. In my view, chili cheese fries are kind of like internet dating: the hottie in the picture is nothing like the nottie in person.Same thing with chili cheese fries. Too often the chili is too wet and loaded with beans and runny cheese sauce, so the fries turn soggy and the pathetic pile in front of you ends up looking like something that just came OUT of your mouth, not something that should go IN your mouth. BUT NOT AT PINK'S! Here the fries stay firm and crisp, the chili is mostly meat, the cheese is judiciously applied, and the portion is just enough to hit the hunger spot without making you want to retch or go into a food coma.Truth be told, these fries are about as perfect as they come.
3	I had no idea there was a pinks here! but alas, on our walk towards the MGM, we found it.  Bacon chili dog and chili fries for me please.The good thing is that Pinks is a nice break from the plethora of buffets on the strip.  Just try to avoid it in bad weather.  Outdoor seating is the only seating, and the only available heat is space heater.But after being surrounded by $$$ buffets and restaurants, its nice to know that there are some cheaper reliable  eats around
3	I went here for lunch the last day I was in Vegas.  I had the Las Vegas dog which was 2 hot dogs in the same bun with chili, mustard, onions, guacamole and jalapenos.  It was good, but I have had better.  I do have to give them a thumbs up for the selection of dogs they had considering it just a hot dog joint.  I make sure you only come here when the weather is nice.  They only have outdoor seating so you'll be really hot in the summer nad really cold in the winter.
3	Totally nothing special about this place.  Its on the not as popular side of the Mall Shops of Planet Hollywood. We were walking past this place and it sounded cheap and appealing.  Plus the one in LA is always bumpin! You go up to the register and order and your foot is pretty much ready right away.  They have a lot of different combinations of hot dogs. Nothing amazing- just cheap and fast and if you sit outside its a fun area to people watch.
2	Pink's Hot Dogs was just kind of eh. Since the place is so talked about, and has thousands of reviews for it's original Cali location, I have to admit; I was expecting a dog that would blow my mind. I didn't quite get that. The dog was decent, but was way too loaded with toppings so it had to be eaten with a knife and fork. Kind of just turned into a mess of bread, beef, and mustard that frustrated more than satisfied. On the other hand, the chili cheese fries were pretty good... but paying $30 bucks for 2 hot dogs, 2 drinks and an order of fries isn't worth it for what you get. It's basically fast food for sit down restaurant prices... which is ass-backwards. It'll probably hit the spot if you're really hungry like we were, but sadly I can't recommend Pinks. 2/5.
3	They nailed the chili cheese and onion coney dog.  Prices were reasonable given that they are in a casino location.  Service was fast and friendly.  I am not so sure about the overall cleanliness though.  The outside had a "friendly" bird problem and they were getting quite bold with the idiots that would feed them.  (Hint: birds do not need hotdogs.)  (ok: humans don't need hotdogs either)I would only make a visit if you are staying at the Planet Hollywood hotel.   Don't walk too far out of your way.  It's just a hotdog.
3	Vegas is sin city, and gluttony is what comes to mind when i think of pink's. but that said, can you really hate a hot dog so smothered in toppings you can barely see the bun? i didn't think so :)pink's is one of those artery clogging novelty foods i love, but know i'll probably regret eating later. the hot dog itself isn't anything special...its just i could never even begin to attempt to justify putting together something like that to eat on my own
1	I'm not a huge fan of hot dogs to begin with... but I heard a lot about this place.  My friends hyped it up and made it sound like it is the best thing to eat on the strip.  BLAH.I can't speak for the other dogs, but I had the Spicy Mojave dog and I wasn't too impressed.  The guacamole looked like it came straight out of a tube I could have purchased at the 99 cent store.  I expected real guacamole since I was paying about 8 bucks for a freakin' hot dog.  (You do realize that you can get a BIG polish dog at Costco for less than $2... and it comes with a drink, right?  Just wanted to remind you)The chili fries was so bland.  The chili was VERY bland.  I asked for grilled onions over my chili fries (think In N Out) and the onions it actually came with was raw.  Disappointed.  I usually love fries... chili fries... and this place was VERY whomp whomp whomp.I wouldn't eat here again.  I tried it once and thats all I need to know that I don't like it.
4	I think every time I go to Vegas now I will be looking forward to my PINK Weiner! Man I love my weiners and this is one of the best I've had! How can you go wrong with Bacon, Mushrooms, and Gooey Fake Cheddar Cheese on top of a Weiner! MAN oh MAN! OHH I know what can make it even better, their chili cheese fries to rinse it down. 3lbs added to my waistline, made loosing at the roulette table a little easier to swallow.
4	I"ve heard a lot about Pink's and was hoping not to be let down when I happened there in January.  And thank goodness, it was pretty good.   I had the chili dog and it was actually pretty tasty.  Not what I'd call cheap ( I think it was $5.50 when I went), but given it's location and the novelty, I expected that.   There wasn't much of a line, thank goodness, as it's a pretty small place.   There's a seating area outside on the sidewalk of the Las Vegas strip and that allows for a pretty nice view while eating.
4	I find it really ironic that I went to this Pinks in Las Vegas when there is one 20 minutes away (with no traffic) from my house. I like the dual-hot dog- pastrami- chili cheese- burrito. Wash that down with a half-yard margarita. Works for me! You vegetarians miss out here...
2	Perhaps I can't write a completely accurate review because I was sharing a hot dog and hamburger with a lame person who only wanted grilled onions on the dog and sauteed mushrooms on the burger  (seriously?? no effing beef chili, no cheese, no nothing!?  jesus).  But just based off the actual hot dog and hamburger, they weren't great. The hot dog wasn't the juicy, thick tube of meat I was anticipating.  Instead, it was a thin, dry, floppy thing that looked like one of those balloons you tie into animals.  The hamburger wasn't much better - pretty overcooked.  The fries, however, were decent - crispy, fresh and hot.  I didn't get the onion rings, but they looked like they could have been pretty good too.
3	Food and drinks are expensive, and in all honesty not really worth the price.  They're pretty much just regular hot dogs with over the top toppings.  You can count on long lines and hunting for a place to seat. And they've got nothing on my all time favorite hot dogs, Flo's in Cape Neddick, Maine.
3	Always wanted to try this place, but I barely ever get into LA. They got some good sausages here. The chili is the best.
1	I think these hot dogs are so oily and gross. Everyone keeps on saying that they are good, but I did not want to pay like 8 bucks for a small hot dog, a huge bun, and a pile of oily chili. The chili wasn't even that great. I felt so gross after eating it and the red oil was drenching all over the bun. I finished the hot dog before the chili and the bun. The only good thing about this place were the fries. They tasted like McDonald's fries.I don't think I will ever believe the hype again over something like this. It's such a novelty. You should try it at least once to say you did, but I don't think it's even worth that.
5	OOOOOMMMMG.  At first I didn't want to eat here because I thought it was just another hot dog, but I'm glad I tried it.  One thing you have to remember when going to this place is this is going to cost you when you get back home.  At least an extra hour on the treadmill.  This place is super fat and I hate to admit it, but I like it.  I had the bacon burrito dog and shared it with my friend Weez because I would be in a food comma still. In the burrito it had two hot dogs, bacon, chili and cheese. I wanted another one, but good thing the line got  hella long. I would be complaining all day on how fat I got on this vacation. Overall a good place for something oily and greasy after a night of partying.  And I suggest ordering the burritos because all the other dogs look to messy to eat.
3	For lunch I wanted to try Pink's--finally.  I heard that their hot dogs were very good and decided to try for myself.  There are a few things to keep in mind when it comes to Pink's--size and cost. I'll explain in a minute.Just to let everyone know, Pink's it outside of Planet Hollywood/Miracle Mile Shops facing the boulevard.  I walked around for awhile till I found the sign in the building and realized it was outside.  Anyway, there wasn't a line and their seating is all outside, so I went in to take a look at their menu.The menu is simple with pre-made options for you and even burgers if you aren't into their dogs. At almost 10 dollars a dog it was pretty pricey, but I expected that from a famous hot dog eaterie.  They even have their special dogs from celebrities on a flyer at the entrance and near the menu, so check those out, too.I went for a guadalajara dog--sour cream, tomatoes, onions and relish--and my husband ate their classic chili dog with onions.  We grabbed a water and fountain drink for a total of 25 dollars and moved on down to the pick up area. When I saw our hot dogs I freaked out.  I love toppings, but really?  REALLY?  This was definitely a fork and knife dog.I love eating my hot dogs by hand.  It's just the way that it should be, but at Pink's it's difficult to do so.  Too many toppings on the dog cause the flavor of the dog to be lost, so I scraped EVERYTHING off on one half to get down to what matters--that fried dog.  The hot dog is good with a slight snap to it, but it's not an amazing.  I ate the rest with my utensils, feeling as if I violated some ethical hot dog code by not eating with my hands.If you want to try the dog, buy a plain one and ask for toppings on the side if you need them, that way you can really taste what a Pink's dog is all about.  If you want something really good, their chili dog was decent.Overall the dog was decent and I can at least say that I've tried it once. Would I fight my way down there through traffic again for it?  Nope.  But it's something you have to try once so you can say that you have.
2	If you're an LA native in Vegas for the weekend and suddenly crave Pink's at 3 am, DO NOT COME HERE!!!! THIS IS JUST A SAD EXCUSE FOR PINK'S HOT DOGS! The portions are smaller and the prices are higher. This is definitely NOT the Pink's I love! If you've never been to the original Pink's in LA, don't judge it by the Vegas Pink's. Totally different experience and totally different food. I'm just angry thinking about it....
3	It's cool that they have a pink's in Vegas so I don't have to go all the way to L.A. (which is closer, but I love Vegas more)  =)I have to say, it wasn't as great as the one in L.A. though.And it didn't help that I got some of that cheese on my white dress.
4	I had high expectations knowing that this is the spot where celebrities dine..for HOT DOGS!the person at the register (I think was the manager) was extrememly friendly, willing to accommodate our order. The food came FAST i think like a couple minutes after paying. This is definitely a place to try if you're in the area.
5	Although this place is tiny and the line may be long, it is worth the cramped wait. Maybe it was just so satisfying because I was starving after walking the strip, but I thought their chili cheese dog was amazing. Sure its just your regular long hot dog with toppings, but for some reason it just hit the spot in the perfect way. I thought it was super fresh, the chili was perfect and the cheese was nicely melted and gooey. I left the mustard off.. that didn't sound appealing but all in all I enjoyed the food and eating on their little patio in the sunshine.
4	the "vegas strip hotdog" - 2 hotdogs on a single bun, chili, cheese, onions, mustard and guacamole.  interesting combo with the guacamole but very tasty!  $7.50...can't beat that!im stuffed...where's the nearest restroom???
2	I couldn't believe it!  Pink's on the Las Vegas strip?  How have I not noticed this before on my other visits?  I thought Pink's was strictly a L.A. phenomenon.  Well, finally, I was going to have my chance to try them.  So, maybe I just didn't order correctly.  I had their Polish sausage which came with chili, finely chopped Vidalia onions, and liberal use of American style mustard.  The bun was not particularly substantial, so there was no way to eat the hot dog in the traditional way.  Resorting to using a plastic knife and fork, I took my first bite.  Really?  The Polish sausage was just okay.  The chili was a touch deplorable, and while I enjoyed the sweetness from the onions, I thought the mustard a little too heavy handed.  For similar reasons, my order of chili fries were less than remarkable.  But there was one saving grace.  I tried Natasha's hot dog and thought it was pretty tasty.  Apparently I just failed to order what they are famous for.  The ambience is good though being centrally located on the Strip with plentiful outdoor seating.
3	Okay so we finally found this Pink's and my nephew is excited. Were looking at the menu and it's a different than the one in LA. DAMN?!?!? This place is a whole lot more expensive too. So my brother orders 6 hot dogs, two fries and three drinks for 4 adults, 1 ten year old and a just turned 4 year old. Total was Vegas on the strip premium at its best. This stop was all about my nephew who couldn't stop talking about checking this place out. He was happy so we all were happy except for my brother who paid way more than he wanted for these hot dogs. This was a nice to say I've been there but really don't need to go back there kind of place.
1	This Pink's is not fit for a dog. What a pitiful rip off. Dogs were tough . Embellishments were cold and not flavorful. Downright  lousiest dogs we have ever had.  (Oops.....wait a minute while I cover the ears of my precious pooch Lily.) Price is a rip off too for what ya get. Head to Costco for a better dog at a give away price......and you still get to ogle the crowds while you chow down. Just thinking about Pinks makes me pissed. YUK!
1	It's like comparing hot dogs and hamburgers!!! I lived in So-Cal for a while and was lucky enough to be dating a young lady who went to school off of LeBrea and sunset and just down the street was Pinks. " THE REAL PINKS"  You would wait in line for an hour to get a dog but it was worth it. This sad rendition of Pinks let me down.A good dog is hard to find no matter where you look. Since I lucky enough to have the original maybe it is just a bias opinion, but when you say light mustard on a dog and it tastes like the dog is stuffed with mustard it just does not fly with me.   Maybe it has a lot to do with the fact that I waited in line for about the same amount of time I did in sunny California and I was expecting the same amazing culinary experience.... Can i call a hot dog a culinary experience?This is turning into a rant of sorts, so I am calling this review... The food was not good, not worth the price, and not worth the experience, so in this case there is no saving grace for this pinks in my eye!! I guess if you have a craving for a dog and there is no Sams Club near by this might be an option.. Enjoy at your own risk, and apologize to your taste buds ahead of time.
1	So me and my girlfriend planned a Vegas birthday trip with a group of our friends for the weekend back in January. At this time, City Center had just barely opened and we were staying at Aria in the Sky Suites. The Sky Suites at Aria blew me away and they are AMAZING!!! But that's for another review... Anyway, that morning we arrived, we decided to leave our comfy suite at Aria and to take a stroll down the strip. Being that it's January and still winter, I was stupid and brought a thin-ass jacket to wear and of course it did nothing to keep me warm. As we walk across the street from City Center into Planet Hollywood, we see some people walking into Pink's Hot Dogs. And since we were all freezing in the cold and hungry, we decided to rush to the door and order up some hot dogs!Let me make something clear: We're LA folk and we love heading down La Brea Ave in LA to have a Pink's hot dog late at night after leaving the clubs. So you can imagine my excitement as we stepped in through the door and out of the cold. I was gearing up to order myself a "Martha Stewart" dog but sadly, they don't offer it at this location. Ok, not a big deal. I'll order whatever is on the menu. I think I had the Holly Madison... Insert sad face. To make a long story short, this did not please me. I don't care what condiments and sides came with that damn hot dog, when I bit into that thing, I wanted to spit it right out. I know what a Pink's hot dog tastes like and that was not a Pink's hot dog. It was soft and mushy and didn't have that firm, juicy texture that I'm accustomed to at the Pink's in LA. I firmly believe that if you're going to call yourself Pink's Hot Dogs, you better serve it up like it's Pink's Hot Dogs! Am I being a bit overdramatic? Maybe. But think of it like this... What if you walked into a McDonald's and ordered a Big Mac but it ended up looking like and tasting like something that came from an elementary school cafeteria? Or out of the back of some fat guy's ass? What then? I would rather pass out in the bosom of an obese woman with three eyes, one large breast and one little breast, and a tentacle hanging from her double-chin than eat another of those things. If not for beer and gambling, I would have done nothing that entire weekend in Vegas but complain that it's not the same. And since I'm not in Vegas and I'm sober, I'll say it anyway... IT'S NOT THE SAME!!
3	I stopped by for a little snack before I went to have brunch, don't mock me it was going to be a long walk. I just got a regular hot dog with ketchup and mustard. It was a solid dog but nothing spectacular. The service was friendly but was a little slow. Great for a quick bite.
3	It's an ok place to go for a quick craving bite. They can put pretty much anything you want on a hot dog. I'd go back...once every now and then.
2	it was whatevers.
3	For the price of $9-$11 for a hot dog, it may be steep. But hey its VEGAS!!!Id at least try it once and be sure to get the onion rings.Best part is - people watching. Tables on patio on the strip.
2	I gotta say I wasn't impressed.  This may be to my slightly inebriated state but I feel that it should have probably tasted better to me right?  I was excited to see this place b/c to me it was like a little celebrity in the form of food.  My thought was "I saw it on the Travel Channel!  I must eat there!!!!"I've had better and the cost was a little steep.  I found their dogs to be a little salty and maybe this is the Texas in me but where was my option to top with BBQ sauce and REAL chedder cheese?
5	I guess I march to the beat of my own drummer because I for one really like Pink's Hot Dogs!  I've gone here a couple of times and I can't go wrong ordering their Naked Dog (plain/no toppings) and onion rings.  Slather on some ketchup and mustard on my hot dog and dip my beer battered onion rings into some ranch dressing and I'm good to go!  FYI there is a menu inside next to the cash register listing a few items that I suppose they only sell at their Vegas location.  I believe that they are the Mel B, Kim Kardashian, and Holly Madison Dogs.  (I might be forgetting one.)  They have less going on than the hot dogs that are listed on the main menu, and had I known at the time about those hot dogs I might have given one of them a try.  It would be a great idea to put them on the main menu so that everyone waiting in line can see.  After you've spent minutes finally deciding on one hot dog you don't want to have to re-think your decision after seeing this menu and therefore then holding up the line!P.S. I spy Carnita in one of the pictures of Pink's.
3	I tried the popular chili cheese dog and the guadalajara dog. Both were pretty good but extremely messy. The guadalajara had too much sour cream on it. The fries and onion rings were awesome - definitely complimented the meal. My friends tried some other dogs, they were wrapped up in soft tortillas and stuff. They had mixed reviews but I would suggest sticking to a regular bun. Service was pretty quick and they have a small outdoor section to sit. I think they open late enough, one night we were starving and drunk or something and needed something like this to hit the spot, unfortunately it was closed already.
3	After checking in and settling down in our Planet Hollywood room, Anchalee was starving for something simple. We hadn't eaten anything since our breakfast at Firewood Grill inside SFO at about 10 am, and now it was around 3:30 pm. The first eatery that caught her eye was Pink's Hot Dogs located outside Planet Hollywood but still around the premises because she was thinking of Top Dog in Berkeley. You really couldn't miss it with it's big pink sign. There was a super extensive menu of dogs, burgers, burritos, soda and alcoholic beverages, sides, and desserts. We chose only one hot dog to share, a Naked Polish, since we weren't looking for all the fix-ins. Can you really justify a $6 Polish dog? And that's before tax too. Maybe it was possibly for the polish dog size and since we were in a tourist attraction city, but I wouldn't want to pay this price on a daily basis. If it included a drink as a meal, then maybe that's a deal. Yes, the Polish was spicy, juicy, and hot. But there wasn't anything special about the bun. After consuming this expensive snack, I thought to myself I can't wait to get back to the Bay Area so I can really be spoiled and eat a good hot dog from Top Dog for $3.25 each. Family owned since 1939, it's always worth a try for something new with a little flair!
1	Just another place trying to make money just off the name.. Let's just say.. I would not go back to this location... After eating at the one in LA... I don't even know how they can even call themselves Pinks... They should just call themselves - Just another hot dog place.   Very disappointed and I got a stomach ache after eating a chili dog...
3	Great Location....on the strip, on the sidewalk outside of Planet Hollywood.  But $8.50 for a freakin' hot dog??  Seriously??  They were ok.  Made fresh, tons of toppings, but the wait was long, the workers were uninterested and there are plenty of other choices around.
4	Definite YES in my book.I had the Planet Hollywood Dog which consists of clogging your arteries but it's so good. ( HOT DOG, CHEESE, ONIONS, and  BACON).Add some fries and a drink and I was a happy camper. Kind of pricey ( $15.00) but it's vegas baby. It's all play money anyway.I had to walk the whole strip to work off the calories.
3	Definitely not as good as the one in hollywood.  I was raving to all my friends about the large and somewhat obscure selection of hotdogs that PINKS would have to offer then was somewhat disappointed when we actually got here.Hotdogs here still taste good and are a very good size, but if I want my PINKS fix again, I'll definitely be going to the original location.
2	Lousy location,no place to sit inside,just a bunch of chairs outside thethe front.That's fine on a nice day ,but Vegas gets very hot in the summer and cold in the winter.Today it was 50 ,windy and overcast and the last thing I wanted to do was sit and freeze my hot dog.What were they thinking,this is not a Dairy Queen where you sit in your car and sip a malt and eat a chili dog,so what's up with local?
4	I can only base this as my level of satisfaction with what I consumed and not as a comparison to any other hot dog place, seeing as how I normally despise the things and keep them out of my life and mouth.Now that I have put my disclaimer out there.... holy chili cheese fries. I love this place.Hungover and starving, my boyfriend saw this place and demanded we go. I pouted internally... again, not a huge hot dog gal. I saw they had chili cheese fries though. Ok, game on. Boyfriend decided on a monstrosity of two dogs, chili, cheese, onions, guacamole and jalapenos (while the name escapes me, the memory does not). Boyfriend has this annoying habit of shoving a bite of whatever he is eating into my face and pleading with me to try it. History repeats itself, so I indulge him. SO happy I did! All the toppings made a hot dog not only bearable for me, but soooooo delish! We ended up just sharing everything.... a dog and an order of fries can go between two people easily.Headed back to Vegas in November.... this place is a repeat.
1	Pitiful ingredients! The mushrooms came straight from the can and the heart clogging grease was not even hidden. How lazy can these guys be? It's waaay overpriced (9.00?!) for regurgitated hotdog meat.
1	mmm.. no. This is not how a hot dog should be. IS IT EVEN A HOT DOG? It's SO skinny. The buns overwhelmed the hot dog. This doesn't even hold a candle to the Costco hot dogs for a buck fifty. The price is ridiculous at 6.50 for a skinny dog with big-assed buns (They say size don't matter but it totally does). I guess it IS Vegas. The surrounding is disgusting as well. The tables outside were sticky and I just wanted to get out of there as soon as i sat down. LAME LAME LAME. Not coming back.
3	All my friends that have been to the one in So Cal said that one is way better because they put a better bun on it that holds a lot more condiments and makes the overall hot dog taste a lot more juicy and fulfilling.It's worth a try though.  You can get a good hot dog over here with a bunch of heart attack causing condiments for anywhere from $5 to $9 over here with tax and all.  They serve beer over here too, burgers, fries, and other sides.Located on the strip outside of Planet Hollywood and The Miracle Mile Shops.  It's worth a try if you've never been here, but don't expect anything too special.
2	So I was really excited to try this place.  I heard Pink's is the #1 hot dog, better than gray's papaya in new york.  I seriously couldn't wait after I saw that Planet Hollywood had a Pink's there.  i decided to order something different.  It was the hollywood dog or something like that..  I didn't like it at all.  I didn't want to try anything else because I paid $16 for a hot dog, fries, and a coke.  They get two stars because I liked the fries.  My friends told me I would like the los angeles location better.  Hopefully it is better than Las Vegas.
3	I really wanted to see what the hype was all about with Pink's Hot Dogs.  I have to say it can be good depending on what you order.  The Planet Hollywood Dog really blew me away.  It was just loaded with bacon, cheese, mushrooms, and onions.  It was a complete task just trying to keep it together while eating it.  And somewhere under all that mess was a Polish Dog.  It was really good!  Worth the $8.50?  Well, it's on the Strip so I'm not going to knock it on price.I also ordered the Pastrami Reuben Dog.  This one didn't really blow me away, but it was also a task to keep this one together. Still good though, but it tasted like something I could've had at Nathan's.   Price was a little cheaper though at $7.50.So yeah, I spent about $16 on two hot dogs.  Sounds crazy I know, but now at least have a taste of what Pink's has to offer.  Maybe next time I'll give their Pastrami Burrito Dog a shot.  Looks really heavy! It was A-Ok!
2	This place is wayyy overrated in my book. It's basically just a hotdog with a ton of chili/cheese on it, nothing I haven't experienced at other places. The hot dog wasn't special, nor were the toppings. And $13 for my hotdog meal is no bueno. No thanks.
2	Yuck.....why are their food cold?  Not 1, not 2 but 6 of us......I hope the one their are opening at LAX will be better than this one.
3	On my last day in Vegas, I went on a search for this Pink's Hot Dogs as I was told by my girlfriend that their hot dogs are suppose to be really good.  I guess it is more than a hot dog, it's an experience.  Well...experience is the right word for it.  They not only have regular dogs, but they have specialty dogs as well with everything imaginable on top.First...the entrance to Pinks is from the sidewalk on the strip.  I was parked in the back parking garage, so coming from the backside of the Miracle Mile, I was lost.  I thought Pinks was inside or would have an entrance from the inside.  They do not.  I walked around for about 20 min. trying to find it before I realized it was outside.Looking over the menu I just didn't want to have an old fashioned hot dog, I wanted to try one of their special dogs.  I ordered up a Planet Hollywood dog, which is a polish sausage with cheese sauce, mushrooms, grilled onions and bacon.  They have a list of other dogs as well for anything you are craving.  My order arrived and I was ready to eat.  Well...it was an experience that's for sure!  Trying to eat this huge dog with all the toppings gave a new meaning to messy!  I had to finish with a fork because it was just too much!While the prices of the dogs are a bit high ($8 for my PH dog), it's a good place to try a specialty dog while you are in Vegas.  Would I try it again?  Possibly...
2	The guy pushing his hotdog stand probably makes better dogs than this place. It just had too much going on and seemed like they were trying too hard. Call me old fashioned but i didn't care too much for these "gourmet" dogs. Also, their onion rings were way too greasy and burnt for my liking.
3	Being a huge Travel Channel fan, I have often seen Pink's Hot Dogs on the shows featured on there. Luckily it was right in my hotel, Planet Hollywood. I was able to try the Chili Dog (minus the Mustard & Onions), Fries, and Onion Rings. The Fries and Onion Rings were really good and the Chili on the dog had great flavor to it!Minus 2 stars for how slow the line moves and the higher than usual prices (but I guess it's expected since it is right on the strip).
2	I was so excited to finally check this place out! Pink's Hot Dogs is so not worth falling in line for! Super Over hyped! Super topping overload..Prices are on the High side!!..maybe one day I'll try Pink's again! I can't write anything else about it...I'm sorry. Thank you for playing Las Vegas...Bust. Look elsewhere for a Hot Dog.
3	The place to go to if you don't know what to eat and looking for something decent sized, not filling.Clean but small inside. Plenty of outside seating. No lines like the one in LA? Even better.Planet Hollywood Dog. Good, decent sized dog. Nothing special but anything with mushrooms give it a +1.I'd return if I really have no other option and am closeby.
5	Best Hot Dogs in the business HANDS DOWN!Went here while vacationing in Vegas. Mad I didn't go one more time before I hopped back on the plane to come back to the Bay!I don't even remember what I ordered (partly do to the alcohol) but that shit was HELLA GOOD!!!
5	I find it strange that I've lived in Southern California my whole life and I have yet to experience the original PINKS HOT DOGS in Los Angeles but when I leave on a mini vacay to Vegas I try it for the first time.  Everyone tells me that nothing is like the original so I will have to check that out soon.However, the PINKS in Vegas was absolutely amazing!  Granted the place is pretty tiny but what PINKS isn't?  The service was quick and the people working there was extremely helpful and friendly.  Granted I was a bit impaired when I ordered and ate the dog but without a doubt I enjoyed it very much.
1	This place is all the wait of the LA location, none of the taste.  10 minutes to get a chilidog that was 90% chili and 10% of what tasted like Slim Jims for $8ish?  Urgh!   Talk about a disappointment.
3	Stopped here for lunch after hearing all the hype about the LA location.After waiting in a bit of a line, we ordered and snagged a table in the shade. As a pale Irish east coaster, it was almost a deal breaker that there was no inside seating since I fry to a crisp in the sun. So that's where one star went.I had a Holly Madison Naked Dog, which is basically a regular hot dog overloaded with ketchup, and it was great. I love hot dogs with casing so they snap when you bite into them, so I loved Pink's dogs. My husband at the chili dog and said it was great. Onion rings were solid, too.The only downside is that it's SUPER pricey, even by Strip standards as far as I'm concerned. That's where the other star went. But it was a fun place for lunch, nonetheless!
4	This was my first meal upon my arrival in Las Vegas. I ordered the Guadalajara Dog- came with Tomatoes, relish, onions and Sour Cream.  I thought it was quite tasty, a bit expensive for just a hot dog.  Some friends got the specialty dogs, and they enjoyed them quite a bit as well!
4	I have tried this place twice now and I think it is great. The dogs are giant and the toppings are plentiful. The first trip me and my boyfriend ordered chili cheese fries which were huge, we both got plain hot dogs and topped them with the chili and cheese from the fries, there was more than enough! The place was only open a couple weeks and had a special where you could get a hot dog and beer for like $8 I think. The second trip they didn't have the hot dog and beer special so we were kind of disappointed. I would give them 5 stars if they brought back the hot dog/beer combo. Overall, great tasting dogs!
4	YUMMY!!! As im typing this im craving one now. Too bad im back at home and we dont have Pinks here!! I ordered the Vegas dog and it was GREAT!!! Loved everything abt it. Glad I split it with my husband or else I dont think I would have been able to finish it.The only downfall is no seating inside. Ummmm hello this is Vegas. Why would the only tables be OUTSIDE in the heat?!?!? Otherwise, it was a great place. Will gladly go back again
5	Flippin' delicious!!!! I had the Mushroom & Swiss Dog. I yummed that down in a matter of minutes.. my husband even laughed that I scarffed it all down when he'd just started eating. I'm not normally a fan of food like this.. but holy cow. I wish I'd gone BEFORE we were supposed to be catching a flight in 3 hours. My husband had the Planet Hollywood dog.. which was giant compared to mine.. I tasted that one too.. yum! Prices were good.. [was under $15 until we added fries, beer, water & a pinks lemonade... which bumped us up to almost $40] The food was hot & fresh. There was NO line or wait when we went [on a Friday at around 6pm].. Not much seating, but as they weren't busy it was okay and there was plenty of room. The giant pink fan that continually spray out water felt great. We will return next trip!Oh, and the staff was very friendly!
3	Oh Pink's, how you have been able to somewhat redeem yourself. Going to college in Los Angeles, you're bound to go to Pink's at least once. After having it there, I really thought this place was overrated. The hot dogs were just ok, and were definitely not worth the wait in line (at least 30 minutes).Because of that, I really did not want to give this location a chance. However, we were leaving Las Vegas and wanted something were it would've be relatively quick. Hesitantly, I agreed to go to Pink's. And you know what, I'm really glad I did.For those that do not know where Pink's is, it's outside on the strip. When we got here, I was honestly surprised that there was no line here. I had to initially do a double take to make sure I was at the right location. There were the familiar pictures of celebrities on the wall which helped me know that I was at the right place.Due to being hungry, I ordered the Spicy Mojave Dog and the Guadalajara Dog. The Guadalajara Dog was good, the mix of sour cream, tomatoes, and relish was a nice combination with the hot dog. I'm not the biggest fan of relish, but I liked it in this case. The Spicy Mojave Dog was pretty awesome. To warn you in advance, make sure you have napkins, a fork, and a knife. I rarely eat hot dogs with a knife and fork, but in this case, you must! The hot dogs have a nice pop when you take a bite, which I love in a hot dog.There's no room to eat inside, but there are tables outside for you to sit and enjoy the strip on a nice warm day. Especially after a big night of partying, this is a nice way to recover. Overall, I'd give it 3.5 stars. The reason I rounded it down to a 3 was due to my experiences at the Hollywood location. Though I'll definitely would come back to this location whenever I'm in Vegas.
4	first time had a Pink hot dog.  I got me a chili cheese fries and Planet hollywood dog for $16.  I'm not sure if its was worth it but the dog was good.  Sorry I had to use fork and knife, I din't want any cheese and chili dripping all over me.
4	damn good hotdog overhyped or notthe chili is great in moderation but the dog was perfectly spiced,just a damn good dog
4	A lot of reviewers compare this Pinks to the original in LA. I can't do that, as I've never been to LA, let alone the Pinks there.  So I'm judging Pinks on its own merit.I give it 4 stars in spite of the crappy patio setup, and small size. It needs a bigger area, some indoor seating, and a better looking patio -- it feels like they built it as an afterthought because they had some extra space left in a wall. It really should be built better.However, I found the hotdogs to be fantastic! That's why it gets all four stars. They're a bit spendy for hot dogs, but when you've got bacon, sour cream, onions, relish, ketchup, and kraut on it -- it's not exactly going to be cheap. The dogs themselves weren't exactly top-notch, but the toppings all over and the ginormous size really made the dog great.  Next time I'm back in Vegas I will definitely stop here again. It's perfect for a quick dog fix over lunch, with some incredible topping combos that you won't see anywhere else.If you're in Vegas, stop at Pinks!
1	I cannot believe we walked from the PALAZZO all the way to PLANET HOLLYWOOD (about a half hour walk in the heat) just for PINK'S.  It's just another overrated spot!  It lacks the history that the one in LA provides AND it's more expensive!  Instead of a run down, hole in the wall place, this Pink's is like a blinged out version..I guess that's where our extra dollar goes to...Bottom line is..two hot dogs and a drink came up to $26.  It wasn't even good, I took one bite and made my boyfriend finish the rest.  I'd much rather stop by Earl's inside Planet Hollywood for some amazing sandwiches for only $6!  I'll probably never get caught at this establishment again.
1	Blech - I can't believe you're allowed to serve this to people.  And we have to pay for it?  And wait in line?  I'm sure the hot dogs at the original are wonderful but this having been my first impression of Pink's, I think the one in L.A. should disown this one for the shame it's putting on it's name!I had the Mel B and my sister had some kind of mexican themed one.  Both came out to about $10 each - a little expensive but hey I'm from San Francisco and I pay $5 for really small but really good cupcakes sooo, I thought for $10 these babies must be good!Boy was I wrong.  I don't think my sister liked hers either but speaking for mine alone - all I could taste was topping and no hot dog.  Is that because the hot dog is that bad?  Because even these toppings weren't good enough to make up for that.  They were just one mess of toppings, none of which seemed to go well with each other and like everything else in Vegas - just way too excessive.  I think these toppings in moderation miiiight have been good.  I'll give this place a point for being such a cute concept, with cute decor, and cute serving ware.  But cute only gets you so far.  I hope you're reading these reviews Pink's and taking note.
3	This was a cute place to grab something quick. Good hotdogs and cheese fries. Gotta love there drinks in the pink souvenir cups!
1	Sad, sad, sad! This place is no where near close to what the Hollywood location has to offer. The lines are much longer in Hollywood I have to admit, but the service and food quality has to be the worse. When we got up to the front, yes! the front of the line. The girl presume to chat with her co workers and both registers were open they just continued on chatting for a good 3 minute and sweet little me don't want to interrupt their thought process and waited on them. So i couldn't take it any longer and asked her for an OZZIE dog! What in the blue? they don't have it at this location?? okay so I got the hot dog that was closest to it. Fine, after we ordered she still stood there chatting away. OMG! why were they hired? We didn't get our food until 20 minutes later. Umm it's just hot dogs, put the dog into the bun and add the condiments. Not that hard and not too much to ask for. I will not be going to this establishment ever again. What a pity.
5	LOVED IT!  They had a lot of unique different hot dogs.  I personally had the one with BBQ sauce and cole slaw.  Now... I'm not a huge cole slaw lover but I figured I would give it a try.  I can't believe I had never thought of this hot dog (easy to replicate at any home bbq)  It was delicious!  My friend got the chili cheese hot dog which was huge and loaded with yummy stuff on top.  The fries are big enough to split between two people (let's face it, most of the clientele to this place are women and you don't wanna scarf down the whole thing yourself)Inside, there are a bunch of autographed pictures of sexy women who probably never eat hot dogs.  They have other hot dogs named after some of them (The Holly Madison, the Miss America, etc)This is the important part:  Do not go during regular lunch/dinner times, or even really late at night...  Good for early lunch, but if you go during "peak times" you WILL be waiting.  We've passed by several times with a long line down the sidewalk.(As seen on TV list: Bobby Flay Throwdown, Hell's Kitchen)
3	I got the chili cheese fries because I wanted something not to pricey and nothing I couldn't finish. They don't have any indoor seating so you have to sit outside, which I found a small table in the corner away from the drunks of Las Vegas. Only problem is, the Rap music is SOOO LOUD. That's all they played was rap music. Me and a friend sat in silence because we couldn't hear each other when we would try to talk. The fries were good, but a little on the greesy side. The price of the fries were good, only being 5 dollars. Next time, I would like to try a hot dog, but maybe take it to go, since the music would drive me crazy.
3	What's special about Pink's Hot Dog? Nothing. It was just an average hot dog place that makes varieties of them. I ordered the Pastrami hotdog which is wrapped up in flour tortilla. I like Pastrami, but this pastrami hot dog was a little too much and very salty. Nothing special. My sister in law and cousin were not that impressed either. I don't mind it being a hole in the wall and I have to sit outside, but the food could have been way better when everyone else is raving about it. The service was fast though thus getting them 3 stars.
4	Had lunch at pinks recently.  I would have given it 5 stars after our first visit, but dropped a star because it wasnt as good as I remember it last time but still satisfying.  We got 3 hot dogs for the 2 of us and a drink which came to $25.  Be prepared to spend about 7 bucks per dog.  The dogs are filling, they're good, and since I have never been to LA I cant compare them to the original.  Its a fun thing to splurge on when your in vegas.
2	My friends were excited to try out this hot dog joint, since its pretty famous in LA.  However, when i got there, it was nothing special.  I got the Vegas Strip Dog.  It has 2 polish dogs in one bun, mustard, jalapenos, onions, chili cheese, and guacamole -- all for $7.25. its HUGE! the looks of it seems delicious, but after a few bites of it..i got sick of it.  Not only because it was too big to finish but the flavoring was too much! especially with all the cheese, and guacamole together. blehh. if you like spicy then you should go for this one. the jalapenos gave a lot of flavor and spice into it. They don't have indoor sitting, and their patio is pretty small, so finding a seat can be hard. It was HOT about 100+ degrees when I went there and they had the fan blowing into my face while i was eating.  It was so HARD to eat.   EH, I thought Costco $1.50 polish dog + drink taste better than this. Its was pretty expensive for me since I only took a few bites and got sick of it.
3	I'm an LA native and my first experience at Pinks was in Las Vegas, go figure. lolOn a Sunday afternoon in the middle of July, the boyfriend's friend decided he wanted to eat at Pinks, so Pinks we went.Pinks as you may know is located just outside of Planet Hollywood.Very small with a small outdoor seating section, which I did not enjoy too much because it was about 110 degrees outside.Boyfriend mentioned that the price was a little more expensive than the LA location.We stood in line for about 15 minutes out in the sun. Boyfriend ordered a hot dog that had pastrami, jalapeno, and guacamole ( I forgot the name). He enjoyed it I ordered the polish dog which had chili and grilled onions. It was good but nothing too special, I guess I should have ordered one of their specialties.We also ordered the onion rings which were yummmy! Greasy and big! =PNot bad, but not great. I guess I'll give it another try, but at the LA location instead. I wouldn't go back to the Las Vegas location though, because of where it's located and the fact that the price is higher than the LA location.
2	I didn't get to go to the Pink's in LA during my short stint in Lala land, so Hubby and I decided to try it when we were in Vegas.Disappointed..1) No indoor seating, which meant eating outside in the blazing humid heat2) Hot dogs were.. just like any other hot dog. Their "extra" toppings weren't that good3) Chili was bland and blahDon't go here.. just go inside and eat at Earl's. You'll thank me!
2	Pink's was supposed to be a massive ending to a great drunken Vegas night. I've heard peeps spracking all over this place for some time ,and although the hot dogs were good, and fairly unique. They were not worthy of the $7-$8 range, for one solo hot dog. Maybe it's just a staple LV late night spot, but with the fries being luke warm and not really crispy, and my $8 hot dog tasting more like a $5 hot dog, Pinks didn't really leave me with a good feeling after my meal. The only real interesting thing about pinks was the people watching, I saw a cholo, a nerdy frat boy, and a straight gangsta crip drunk battle dancing right in front of the outside dining area. Even that couldn't completley save my pinks experience.
2	After hearing so much hype about the Pink's in LA, I could not wait to finally try their famous hot dogs when I was in Vegas. The line, was what I expected it to be.. long. What made the wait seem 10x longer was the fact that the actual place is so small that once about 5 people are inside, the rest of the line is waiting outside in the scorching heat. In a way I was glad that there was a line so that my party and I would have time to browse the menu. I also noticed their had a few special celebrity hot dogs, which certain celebrities conned, obviously. There were hot dogs by Holly Madison and Kim Kardashian, and a few others too. After a few minutes, I decided on the swiss mushroom hot dog, which was a hot dog with swiss cheese, mayo, and of course, mushrooms. My mom got the chili cheese and bacon dog while my dad played it safer with just the chili cheese dog. I must say that I was definitely not impressed with any of the hot dogs we ordered. I am a fan of mayo but the amount of mayo on my hot dog was just way too much for my liking. The mushrooms were almost flavorless and the cheese was not even melted; it was as if it was just placed on top of the hot dog for decoration. Although my parents' chili cheese hot dogs were pretty similar, besides the bacon on my mom's, they were nothing special at all. I think I would have enjoyed a hot dog from Top Dog in Berkeley or even a chili cheese dog from Wienerschnitzel.. would have saved us a few dollars, too. I don't know about ya'll but $7-8 for a hot dog topped with basic kitchen ingredients just doesn't seem right. Maybe the LA location is better? But will I ever know? Nope, because I doubt I'll go outta my way to try another one of their hot dogs.
2	Pinks was okay...my cousins and I went during the winter time so you can imagine how cold it was. I did not like the fact that the heater thingy's were not working. The hot dogs were okay I ordered the mushroom Swiss hot dog which was okay, I think if they used fresh mushrooms it would of made it much better, But mushrooms from a can umm I think not. On the bright side it is enough to share since it is a pretty big hot dog. My bf on the other hand ordered the Chicago Dog, he liked it. The prices though are just a little bit overboard, I think Costco or Sam's Club for $1.50 is probably way better and a medium drink is included! You are talking about $7 to $8 for a hot dog/ polish dog. Better yet you can actually just buy a good pack of hot dogs and make it anyway you want it.
4	Date/Time: Sunday ~ 1:30pmOccasion: LunchParty of:  Taken to-goOrdered: Their version of the "Mulholland Drive" dog - 12" hot dog with nacho cheese, bacon, grilled onions, and mushroomsLocation: Super small, outdoor seating only so it's deadly during the summer, very cleanTotal incl gratuity: ~$8.00 per hot dogOmigoodness!  Could it get any more unhealthy?  I ate a 12" long sausage with every possible fattening topping but it was so worth it!  To top it off, we had friends pick it up and bring it poolside to us so there we were eating a 12" weener that was probably a day's worth of calories in our bikinis...so sexy huh? ;)  But again...oh so good.  Pinks is very good...a hot dog with any which kind of topping you can imagine.  All of the toppings are fresh and make the hot dog so tasty.  I've heard from quite a few people that the LA one is so much better so I'll have to make my way down there and try theirs soon.  But this one did it's job and satisfied our tummies! Mmmm....hot dogs....
4	I was excited to hear that Las Vegas was going to have a Pink's. I went with my sister to check it out. We are pretty familiar with Planet Hollywood, but Pink's is really hard to find. It's not on any of the signs in the casino. We asked the PH concierge and she informed us that it was outside.I ordered the Spicy Mojave Dog with a veggie hot dog. I really enjoyed it. It was messy to it but that didn't bother me. It was a little expensive. $24 for two hot dogs and one drink. The high prices are expected for The Strip.The seating area is pretty small. I would imagine it to be very hard to find a spot at times. Also the only outdoor seating has to be rough with the unpredictable weather here.Overall, Its a great place to check out.
3	If you've ever been to the original Pink's in Los Angeles, CA you'll definitely be let down by this location. While a great substitute for when you're not in LA it just isn't the same experience.The hot dogs and whatnot are made away from view and there generally aren't any lines for this place.This seems be a more commercialized version of the LA location. There aren't random signs displaying crazy variations of hot dogs you can get such as "The Today Show" hot dog.
2	We came here because it was the closest thing resembling food in sight (i'm guessing this is probably the standard place to eat for drunk people walking by).I ordered the showgirl dog and it was humongous and loaded with bacon, onions, relish, mustard, and sauerkraut.   I could barely find the hot dog underneath the mess of condiments, and I had to use a fork to fish for it.  I definitely wasn't blown away by this place, and I think the idea of having a hot dog with so much crap on it is just a little too much for me.  I prefer the classic chicago hot dog myself :9
2	the food is far off from what is served in hollywood, ca
4	Wanting for many years to visit the Hollywood location, I jumped at the chance to finally taste one of these famous dogs albeit in the Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas. It probably isn't the same experience, but hey, it was a pretty good hot dog. It's located right on the strip, outside of the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino. There is a gated off area outside to sit and eat that is cooled by mist fans. It was still hot, but I was enjoying my dog too much to care.I ordered the Bacon Chili Cheese Dog. It was a mouth watering experience with the popping hot dog casing, to the beefy flavor, the addition of chili, and the paramount additive that is crispy bacon. The crusty sweet onion rings put it all over the top. Honestly on this trip, this was probably the best hot dog I had. The other being from Nathan's in NY NY (http://www.yelp.com/biz/nathans-famous-hot-dogs-las-vegas), but I'm sure it was a result of the fashion in which it was prepared (i.e. griddle which is best vs hot rollers).Yeah, I didn't see any Hollywood stars but who cares. I was there for the hot dog and it was really good.
3	Giving this spot 4 stars would only be submitting to the hype. I liked it...don't get me wrong, but it didn't really give me a foodgasm. Wifey ordered the Bacon Chili Cheese Dog and I ordered the Vegas Strip Dog. Vegas Dog consisted of dos dogs, guac, mustard, cheese, onions, a mound of chili and topped w/ 'penos all stuffed in a single bun. Good stuff, but a little over the top. We were both satisfied, but not in a craving way. The thing that stood out the most was the snap and the juiciness as you bite into the "Pink" weiner (that doesn't sound right, but oh well... ). For the crazy decked out hotdog experience alone...it's worth it! Good luck figuring out how to eat one of these monstrosities.
3	Mushroom swiss dog! GO GET THEM!It was such a hot day... so I guess the workers got more anal. -_-"This place is ok overall... THE HYPE MUST DIE. Don't get my wrong... it's good, but ain't that great. Just stop by and grab a bite if you are on the strip. Don't go through so much trouble to get there...
2	I've been here twice now (the second time hoping that it would be better) but of course, it wasn't any better the second time around. Firstly, the Pink's in LA is wayyyyy better. The onion rings were semi-cold. The hot dog was only decent. I ordered the Mushroom Swiss and the mushrooms were rubbery and cold. The second time I ordered the Las Vegas strip dog (?) it was much better but still only ok. Overall, don't expect LA Pink's quality and if there is a huge line, it's definitely not worth the wait.
3	Definitely not the same as the original. I knew it wasn't going to be as good since there was hardly a line compared to the one in LA which is about a mile long. The hot dogs seemed smaller and the buns were hard. The chili was a little bland too. I was a little disappointed.
2	I had pretty much the same experience as other Yelpers:-No indoor seating. It's no fun eating your dog in the heat and wind.-Dogs were so so. I will say my polish dog had a good snap  to it, but it just wasn't worth the $8 I paid for it. By the way, that $8 did   not  include fries. They do have a naked dog for around $4.50, but     why bother?-The drinks were mainly Pepsi products. No Coke. -When you're sitting in the great outdoors enjoying the 105+  temperatures and 15 mph breeze, you really don't need to have music  that must of been borrowed from an Abercrombie and Fitch store  blasting in your ears.I agree with one of the Yelpers who said that you are better off just going inside Planet Hollywood and finding a place to eat.
2	Nothing really to rave about. Hot dogs are really big, which should be expected with its price tag. Seating is pretty limited, which sucks when its crowded or hot. If you are trying this place for the first time, don't wait in the long lines. I definitely don't think this place is worth the wait.
4	I love Pink's anywhere it goes! This however felt like a cleaner, less greasy, less 50-plus old hot dog joint. Although I do like that feeling, nothing beats the feeling of the original place.The dogs are the same, except they have some different ones here I don't think I've seen. I stuck to what I know, which was the chili cheese bacon dog. It's still delicious. This location is definitely Vegas-ed up. Meaning, it's got those super cool daquiri cups in many large sizes and it has a lot of outdoor seating with water fans going on constantly. The line and wait here isn't as long as it'd be in LA, so I'd have to say that is a plus, especially since you're waiting in 100 degree heat for some hot dogs. If you're ever in Vegas, I say visit. But if you're looking to experience the original, check out LA.
3	It's kind of sad how I live in L.A. and never tried Pink's down here but yet I go and eat at the Pink's in Vegas. Yeahhh, well I was on vacation thats why haha. Anywho, my boyfriend and I wanted to do a little shopping at miracle mile shops and eat some lunch before our drive back home to L.A.. So I forgot they just opened up Pink's right outside the shops and all the times/things I hear about Pink's in L.A. I was like why not, Im here and im not gonna have time to eat it in L.A. anytime soon.The food was good actually, made me full. We ordered, onion rings, chili dog, kim kardashion dog, and I think my bf ordered some bacon dog...but it cost a lot honestly well yea i know that was a lot food but it was  30bucks for lunch -____- but i would def. recommend the kim k dog, delicious!
1	A hot dog place... with no corn dogs?!?!?!? What a DISGRACE!
3	Come on Pinks Vegas! No Hollywood menu? I went to order my usual spicy polish with chili and nacho cheese and I looked like a chump when she told me we don't have that. On the upside it prompted me to try something different and it was easily the shortest wait for pinks I have ever had. Pastrami and Swiss polish dog was smashing! Not quite as cool as Pinks in Hollywood and I doubt Brad Pitt would ever get kidnapped in front of this place, but it's still a killer dog.
1	My friend and I both got sick after eating their chili dog.. not recommended!
2	No thank you.
4	Was walking the strip when I saw this place. "Ohh Pinks! That's that famous hot dog spot in LA where all the celebrities go and people line up for 2 hours to get a hot dog!" Situated right in front of Planet Hollywood, I knew I just to get one of those wonderful meats encased in tube form, as Anthony Bourdain would say...lol. The place itself is really small, you order, slide down to the left to pick up your food, and there's an outdor patio where you can eat. There's a quite extensive menu including not only hotdogs but burgers as well and a myriad of toppings...the most familiar being chili and cheese to the exotic of avocado and sour cream. I went with the planet hollywood dog. A polish sausage with grilled mushrooms, onions, cheese, and bacon. It was hearty and delicious. A lil pricey at around $8 but I think it was worth it....will definitely be checking out other menu offerings the next time I'm in Vegas!
3	This location definitely has some work to do if it is going to garner the same charm as the LA location.They had all of 4 "specialty" dogs, where the LA location has literally run out of room on the walls and counters to hang up the fliers of their custom dogs.Also, no spicy polish dogs?  Why would you omit those from the menu when they're an absolute staple of the LA shop!The dogs and toppings were comparable to the LA versions, however the buns seemed much more inadequate.  Everyone complaining about seating I tend to ignore, as LA isn't known for their seating, on several occasions I've enjoyed a Pinks on the curb or back in my car... The one nice thing about the Vegas version was the complete absence of a line.Overall, its nice to have the option when I'm in Vegas, but I won't be rushing back like I do to the LA shop... this just feels too much like a watered down glossed over version of the iconic original.
4	Not as good as the one in Hollywood, but it is still good in it's own way! Lots of hot dog choices - you pretty much can't go wrong!
1	I hate it. People hype it up so much, and it was the greasiest experience of my life. Rude people, menu is all over the place, and it's not even good!
2	With all the hype back in Cali about Pink's hot dogs, it was sort of weird to see that there is absolutely no ridiculous line to get myself a Chicago dog complete with all the trimmings.  As a fellow Chicago-ian, I'd say I've had my fair share of Chicago dogs and you know a good hot dog isn't good unless you have the right condiments/toppings to go with your dog.  I thought the Vegas version of Pink's was much more weak than the original location mainly because it feels absolutely cramped inside and you'll probably feel guilty for blocking the entrance trying to decide which hot dog you want. Once my bf finished holding up the line trying to find the RIGHT combination for his hot dog, we placed our order and got it within 5 minutes.  The hot dogs were pretty average and they loaded it up with tons of toppings which is nice, but my hot dog was missing out on a ton of ingredients that defines a Chi-town dog. What happened to the onions, tomatoes, and mustard on my hot dog, Pink's!? Instead I got lettuce, relish and a pickle. I'm hoping this was some sort of mistake, nonetheless we ate our food and and went on our way.
3	Sooo walking down the strip at 3 in the afternoon drunk off our asses not even 3 hours after landing, 2 friends and myself stumbled across Pinks and decided to grab a bite and just sit down for a bit. I had seen and heard of the Pinks in LA, but never had the chance to wait and stand in the long line. The one in Vegas, however, had no line whatsoever, but now i know why. I ordered a chili dog and when i got the hotdog, the bun was a little too small for the dog. The bread was already soggy from the chili and it had a little too much oil dripping everywhere. To be honest, i kind of think Pinks is overhyped, but maybe the one in LA is alot better...I think i'll just stick to Costco hotdogs.
3	This was the first Pinks I've been to and the food was good! The fries were awesome! The price was great for Vegas!
2	You want a review of hot dogs? You came to the right girl.Some people grow out of eating hot dogs. Not this girl. My love for dogs has grown only stronger with age. I just see hot dogs and I'm hungry. I pass by vendors, and I have to stop. Doesn't even matter if I've just eaten a three course meal and my jeans are unbuttoned. I will never pass up a hot dog. Steamed, boiled, fried, or grilled.So imagine me, in Vegas, a hot dog place attached to the front of my hotel! How superfrikkinexciting. I'm all by my lonesome, just the way I like it, and I am starving!Pink's is where my tired feet carry me. I take my place in the ever growing line outside the door. The smell is fantastic. i am like a little kid hopping from foot to foot, trying to look over me and determine my wait time.Evidently, a few people ahead of me a woman is struggling with what kind of dog to order. C'mon, lady! I'm withering away here!I get close enough to check the menu and now have to decide between a regular dog with some mustard, or a specialty dog. The list is massive. How many ways can you tweak a hot dog. Now I am seeing there are many! I order a specialty. Hell, I am in Vegas. Go big or go home. A BACON BURRITO DOG. Fries. And a soda.I wait five minutes and whoot! Number 80 is called. That's me! I sit down at the one table that's open, still dirty from the previous diner. I unwrap this massive thing, and take a huge bite. Bleh!It felt like I was biting through a rubber dog drenched in chili. And through the rubber the dog wasn't very tasteful. If you've ever over-boiled a hot dog, you know the flavor I speak of. It's like cooking the flavor right out. I choked down half of it. After all, I was starving and needed to eat some of my money's worth. But half is all I got through. And I am a woman who can eat quite a few dogs in one sitting. The rest got tossed.Las Vegas needs a few hot dog vendors on the street.
4	My bf and I had been walking the strip and were tired and thirsty and hungry and about done for the day. We saw pinks while crossing over from Aria/Crystals. I was really trying to be good that day so we decided if we were going to eat @ Pink's we needed to split one. We had been to the location in LA and wasted our entire day waiting in line for over 3 hrs . By that time it was already dark and it was time to go home. Dang it. So since we enjoyed pinks (somewhat) in LA we decided to get something new. We went w/ the Bacon chili dog. Nothing fancy or speciality. OMG either that was the best bacon chili dog I've ever had or I was starving. Wait.. that was the 1st and only bacon chili dog I've ever had.  It was really good... I'd def. order again but nxt time I'd get something with polish sausage or italian sausage. ;)
3	I was walking down the Strip in 98 degrees heat at 1 PM and look up found Pink's!! I've been to the Famous one in LA Melrose/LaBrea Original before. Hoping that I can relived it again as I experienced the one in LA, I went in and order the Chili Dog and a soda. I pay about $10 bucks, oh well it's Vegas!! I proceeded to sit in the sweltering heat and ate my chili Dog and soda while just watching the free walking people show. It was OK, not the same here in Vegas. Pink's in LA seem to taste better....hummm maybe the heat got to me!! Or was it 106 degree instead!!!
3	I've had the original Pink's before. It's been 10 years, but I recall my dog fondly and it was well worth the long wait in line that we had. There was no line at this Pink's. Well, there were about 4 people ahead of us. But with only one cashier it's kind of hard to not have a tiny wait. I ordered the Guadalajara dog. In general, it was decent. The dog was fairly snappy, and the toppings were fresh. The Guadalajara has relish, onions and tomatoes with sour cream on top. The relish was a little overpowering, but very fresh and flavorful. The problem is that 2 days before I had a Nathan's dog at New York, New York. That dog, with just fried onions and ketchup, beat Pink's hands down. Maybe if I hadn't had that dog, I would have rated Pink's just a little higher, but even with all the amazing toppings they can't compare. I probably won't go back next time we're in Vegas. I just don't think it has what the original Pink's in LA has.
2	Strangely enough, I didn't come here for hot dogs, as my friend and I were lured by the huge plastic cup that was about a yard long.  We filled it up with some pink lemonade and vodka and proceeded to go to town with it.I also picked up some chili cheese fries which were sufficient enough to hold the vodka we were drinking for the rest of the night.I should try the hot dogs next time, though.
2	No big deal is all I can really say. Pink's looked pretty busy and happening, and its menu sounded mouthwatering. Its multiple "celebrity" endorsements and "new" veggie dog sold me, and $7-something later I was settling down with a veggie dog piled with swiss and sauerkraut. It was the perfect hot dog - for a 5-year-old. I don't know what I was expecting but it certainly wasn't a rubbery boiled hot dog stuck in a web of gooey melted processed swiss, sandwiched inside a cloudlike Wonderbread style bun. It was all right, but completely lacking in sophistication. Generous on the sauerkraut, though, I will give them that. I doubt I'll be revisiting Pink's anytime soon - not with so many other options for quick bites crowding the Strip and vying for my money.
3	I don't meat, but I still came here. Really, I don't miss eating meat, but I do miss a good hot dog + bun combo! So we came here, also because of the cheap prices. Ended up getting the only veggie option - veggie dog. Was cooked to order, but pretty good - got tomatoes, ketchup, mustard, lettuce for my toppings. Only downside was that the bread was a bit too flimsy for my liking - when I eat a dog, I want some solid bread that can withstand any amount of toppings! Costed about $6 or so. I'd like to know what it was made out of, actually... texture-wise, it was very hot doggy.Bummer that the dogs don't come with a side... and I wasn't about to spend $4 just to have some onion rings. But a friend did get the chili fries, which they described as covered with "low grade meat" but delicious "once you're drunk enough." Speaking of drunk - on the weekends they are open late - about 3 am or so - so a perfect place for the drunk munchies! What else? $20 for a bucket of 5 beers, you mix and match.
5	This place is ridiculous. My boyfriend and I usually order this, then take it to the mall or to our hotel room and eat it there, because the outdoor seating is sooooo gross and it tends to be windy. I love their chili cheese fries. One order of these, and I'm set for that meal. BUT I always feel the need to get their dogs too! I feel like I can't win! Chili cheese fries or a hot dog, oh the dilemma. I get into a mini panic attack because I can't choose. And then I end up getting both, and regret eating whatever I had eaten first, because now I can't eat as much as I could of the second one.You get to order and receive your order fairly quickly. Makes it hard to make a decision, and you end up making really stupid ones like ordering way more than you can eat because you don't want to hold up the line, but you can't decide between the dog or the fries or the onion rings. I'm glad I don't live near one of these. I would visit it every day.
1	as someone who grew up going to the original pinks in LA and standing in line for an hr waiting for the most delicious hot dog ever i was excited to find out there was a pinks in vegas... i was so excited that it was one of the first stops i made when i visited. then i had the hot dog. it was horrible!!! every one who has never had the original please do not think that this is what it is like! the one in vegas seems as if the chili is out of a can and the hot dogs are not as good and the bun wasnt warmed up and the fries werent seasoned fries and the ranch was very liquidy and the bacon was limp and not crispy at all. i was VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!! but as soon as i got back to LA i went to pinks and regained my love for their hotdogs.... but i will never ever go back to the one in vegas... so not worth the money =/
3	This place was pretty good.  Really expensive for two hot dogs, one order or fries and two beers but we were really anxious to try pinks since we had heard so much about it. I would probably go back but there are many other restaurants in Vegas I want to try first!
4	This place is the shizzle!  I was craving a hot dog especially after drinking a yard stick from Fat Tuesday.  So my friends and I head over here and to my surprise, there were only 4 people in line!  My friend tells me the Kim Kardashian Hot Dog looks good and she was right!  The Kim Kardashian hot dog is a Polish Sausage with cheese, bacon and mushrooms.  Ohh my gawd!  It was frickin awesome!   The polish dog was juicy with nice snap.  The bacon was off the hook.  And the cheese just enough to get everything wet.  Now in my drunk state of mind, I'm thinking I can eat like a champ, so I also order a chili dog with no mustard and Chili Cheese Fries!  What the heck was I thinking!  Thank god my friends were there to eat half my hot dog and half the fries.  Either way, everything they had was sooo good!  Definitely coming back here next time I'm in Vegas.
4	We stopped at pinks to grab a quick bite and a MUCH needed ADULT BEVERAGE. I got onion rings and a HUGE Margarita in a huge pink hot dog cup 42oz I believe. The rings were FAB. really big order for a small price. Now that Margarita was NO JOKE!!! Can u say over pour......Not that its a bad thing......We sat outside an people watched while we caught a nice lil buzz. Good times w the girls!
4	All i have to say is I would come here for just the Bacon. It is so freaking good. I of course got the dog that would come with the most bacon. the hot dog was good but the bacon was the best part. I think I might have clogged up my arteries just a little bit after eating that hot dog.The location is cool because it's right in front of the strip and you can sit and just look at the strip, but it's not fun to be sitting out there when it's super windy and hot. Service was good and quick. The chili fries were pretty awesome too!
3	The bf had the spicy Mojave dog and I had the showgirl dog. Both dogs were filled w toppings, which is good but hard to  just pick up and eat. The dogs were good but nothing spectacular. Pretty much can make at home w your fav hotdog and whatever toppings you desire! Customer service: was ok. The employees weren't very upbeat and while we were eating at the patio, an employee sprayed a cleaner onto a rag right next to us while we were eating and I felt the mist . Very unprofessional and gross!
4	Hot Dog Heaven!  Great place to grab a bite to eat and people watch!  They have a ton of hot dog options and Pink's is located at the front of Planet Hollywood so you can see all the people traffic that walk by. A lot of great options on the menu, but make sure you take a look at the specials not on the menu board too.  They have a bunch of hot dogs named after celebrities that are definitely worth a look at.  You can't really go wrong with anything on the menu, all my friends and I ordered something different because all the options sound really good!Note: if you're looking for a none alcoholic slushy beverage similar to Fat Tuesdays, they have them here!  I went here with a pregnant friend of mine and she was jealous that we all had our slushy Fat Tuesday and was so happy to find out that this place had Virgin slushy drinks!
3	I've been to the orginal Pink's in Hollywood and expected the same. The original Pink's tasted better but I'd choose this anyday over Costco hot dogs. The line is extremely short (5 people) in comparison to Hollywood (50 people in line). It did look a lot cleaner and more chain like than other locations. The hot dogs came out looking like it should with an overflow of toppings and condiments. However, the quality of the actual food wasn't appetizing as it should have been. The bread was soggy and the hot dog wasn't as plump and tasty. The seating area was suffice enough at the time to accomadate everyone there since most people would just come and go. And actually might have tasted really good if you coudn't think of anything else to grab. It just doesn't compare to the original.
3	i never got to go to the one in la... but anyway, they have veggie dogs!  haha, the pink lemonade slushie was pretty good (a little too sweet though).  they  have a lot of toppings (my boyfriend got sausage with chili and i don't remember what else but it looked insane and insanely good) and they are famous in la... sorry, can't give too much insight because i kind of like plain hot dogs haha.  3.5!
2	Not the same
2	LAME....As a hot dog connoisseur, I was pissed that I came here. Mainly because it's hyped up so much and did not deliver in the slightest. Compared to Capital Dawg in Sacramento, I was NOT impressed. I ordered a dog with pastrami and mustard. The mustard was all I tasted and the pastrami was weak and hell. No salty goodness, just sliced meat with no flavor. What a bummer. Guess I've got to stick to Capital Dawg and Costco to get my fixes!
1	This place is overrated. Service was horrible, food was cold. Would rather have boiled hotdogs. Stay away!
3	Solid Hot Dog! The Bacon Chili Chees Dog will satisfy. I should go to the iconic location in LA to see what the fuss is about
1	After 2 bites, I threw my chili dog out.   Seek out another place selling a quality dog (like Hebrew National or even Nathan's) instead of this.  Nice view from the outdoor patio though.
4	Still not an all-around hot dog fan. Still a Pink's Hot Dog lover. And yes, the chili-cheese fries are still like heaven to me this last time around.
1	Had heard so much about Pinks Hot Dogs, so decided to get one for lunch today below my hotel at Planet Hollywood on the Las Vegas strip.  After eating there, I checked the reviews and was amazed to find some positive statements.  The hot dogs were thin footlong dogs, just boiled to heat them up.  What little flavor it had was quite bad.  The fries didn't have a bad taste, they had no flavor at all-  neither offensive or enjoyable.  Prices were typical Vegas, which is to say high, the food quality was poor.  I have been struggling to get the flavor, such that it was, out of my mouth for the last 20 mins.  Not at all what I expected and an utter disappointment.  I want to be reasonable but just can't find a basis to even give Pinks two stars.  Stay away and your wallet and stomach won't have to pay as I have.
2	I forgot the name of my order, but I do remember what was in it!  Polish sausage with grilled onions, mushrooms, nacho cheese and bacon!  Sounded like an amazing combination on paper.  Mushrooms, grilled onions and bacon??  Some of my favorite things!  The reality of it however did not blow me away.  It was a good late night snack for a hungry gal beginning to sober up, but in all honesty I wish it'd been better, especially for the $8.50 I paid for it.
4	I gave it four stars because well, I'm not a huge fan of hot dogs anyway. Husband however loves them. While I didn't think the actual flavor of the dogs was anything to rave about...but the skin snapping on the dogs, even drenched in the quite tasty chili, that was nice.the chili cheese fries were well worth the calories (and sadly, stomachache that followed from eating too much!)...and the service was super fast and friendly. i like the outside seating, especially with the big heaters to offset the chilly Vegas evening.
3	Let me just start out by saying this... I am not a hot dog person, in general.  I have to be in the right mood, in the right frame of mind, otherwise I think they taste gross.I loved my hot dog at Pink's and would go back today were in possible.  I got the Guadalajara Dog with sour cream (it's ok, it was good!) and my husband got the Bacon Burrito Dog which was just about as insane as it sounds, but he loved it.  (what? A hot dog in a tortilla?? They did it!)I have to give them three stars based on the following:1. I dont usually like hot dogs but I enjoyed my experience and would def go back2. Originality in both names, flavors, various types of dogs and condiments
1	Since this place is also Pinks Hotdogs, I believe I have the right to compare it to the original Pinks in LA, which would probably laugh at this place.I was so excited when I hear PH was opening a Pinks Hotdogs. I was even MORE excited when I got to the place and saw that there was almost no line to wait in. In LA I had to wait in line for over an hour just to get a delicious dog. However, I was very disappointed when I got to their menu.This Pinks is NOTHING compared to the LA Pinks. The selection pretty much sucks. I could make these hotdogs at home in my kitchen or down the street at 7-11 for a lot cheaper. Just because everything is piled on high, doesn't mean it's any good. There aren't even many side orders or any additional toppings from what I see on the menus. What kind of place is this!? You should be able to create your own monster or pick something incredible off of the menu, but you can't. Even the fries are boring. You can get better fries at any mexican fast food joint. No wonder this place barely has a line whenever I pass by. The staff at the LA Pinks should come by and teach them a thing or two before this place goes out of business.
4	After working up an appetite wandering up and down the strip and in the Planet Hollywood shops, my friends and I decided Pinks would be the perfect place to grab a quick lunch. Coincidently, we also happened to each be wearing pink (not planned!) so it seemed even more fitting. I ordered the hot dog with mushrooms and swiss. My friend ordered a chili dog, and another ordered the turkey dog. We also ordered a side of fries and rings to share. Food came out quickly and I thought my dog was delicious. The fries were good but got cold quickly...most likely because it was cold outside where we were sitting, but still. The onion rings were ginormous and tasty. Lunch came out to a bit under $10 per person which I don't think is bad. I would come back.
3	Pink's, I don't know how you seduced me, but you did. A small group of us stopped here because we were hungry and have heard people rave about this place. I was feeling brave and got the Chili Cheese hot dog burrito with two dogs, chili and cheese wrapped in a tortilla. It did the trick for a drunken evening, but man talk about super upset stomach! Maybe if I ever ate there again I should just try the basic hot dog.
5	While on our honeymoon in Vegas last week, I found out that there was a Pink's there! I thought there was only the one in Cali. So needless to say we went there for lunch. It was so good! My husband had the burrito dog, and I had the Vegas dog. These dogs were HUGE and totally worth the price. The fries were crisp, fresh and very tasty. They also offer free refills on soda. I wish that Pink's would open a location here in S.Fl.
4	What more could i ask for? nacho cheese mmmm. chili mmmmm. crispy fries mmmmm. and piled high with all its glory oozing out of the now invisible boat it comes in- AWESOME.  oh i also had a side of hotdog which was damn good.
3	Pink's hot dogs are just okay to me.They have about 20 different hot dog combos. I ended up ordering two hot dogs and a side of chilli cheese fries. I must say the chilli cheese fries are the best I've ever had. Next time I'm visiting Vegas, I'm definitely getting their chilli fries. Other then that, I wouldn't get all excited over the hot dogs. They taste like any other hot dog with more of a selection of toppings. I don't see anything special with that. Their actual shop is tiny and the walk way is very narrow. The seating area has about 15 or less tables, so if you came at a busy time, good luck sitting.One star for the quick serviceTwo stars for thie great tasting chilli cheese fries.
3	Overpriced for what you get... I don't see what the hype is all about. I've always heard stories about the Pink's down in LA and how the line is crazy long, but it was pretty empty here.They were pretty messy to eat, as they had veggies and goodies piled on top of the dogs. I ordered the mushroom swiss hot dog but was not impressed... the cheese was gross!
3	I've heard a lot about this place and I think I was expecting too much from the hot dogs. Honestly, they didn't taste special to me at all. It was a good hot dog, but definitely not worth the hype. We ordered the Vegas Strip dog which came with 2 hot dogs, guacamole, jalapenos, chili cheese, mustard and onions. We also got the Planet Hollywood dog which was a polish dog that came with grilled onions, mushroom, bacon and cheese. Both tasted decent. The chili cheese fries were mediocre. It was worth a shot but I don't plan on visiting this place again.
4	Pink's is nothing special, but they're good. I like the wide variety of toppings. C'mon, it's hot dogs! I didn't expect a mind-blowing experience.It's just a place you have to stop by when you're in Vegas, especially when you're drunk and/or wanting a cheap and quick bite.  They're cheap considering the area.
2	I knew I should've trusted fellow yelpers. Even though Pink's didn't get very good reviews I still went there and tried one of their hot dogs. We tried their chili dog, and were very disappointed. The dog had no flavor at all. It tasted like nothing, if that's even possible. The chili was just okay. Nothing that would enhance the dog's flavor, but it didn't make is taste any worse. Not only was it lacking flavor, but the hot dog was also quite expensive. $8 for one!  Wouldn't recommend or visit this place in the future. My advice, just skip this place and go somewhere else.
5	My house people told me that I gained weight. Who's to blame?I didn't go to many other food places in vegas. Who's to blame?PINK'S HOT DOG!!I spent 4 days in Vegas, and Pinks fed my stomach 3 times in 4 days.Day 1:Chilli Cheese Dog (Me)Mushroom Cheese Dog (My friend)Onion RingsDay 2:Planet Hollywood Dog (My friend)Spicy Mojave Dog (Me)Onion RingsDay 4: 2 Vegas Strip Dog (Me& My friend)Onion RingsColeslaw* The coleslaw is a no, but whatever, I LOVE YOU STILL, PINKS!
3	I had heard about the Pink's in So Cal and I had always wanted to try it. When I saw there was one in Vegas, I was excited to check it out. I was disappointed, to say the least. I ordered the mushroom swiss dog, which costed me $6.50. The hot dog tasted rubbery to me and there wasn't nearly enough swiss cheese on it. The moments where I got swiss cheese, mushrooms, and hot dog were really good but there weren't very many of them. They put way too many mushrooms and not enough cheese. If it had been better proportioned I may have enjoyed it more. I would probably still eat here again, but try something different next time. I heard the chili cheese dog is to die for.
2	Overrated. I haven't checked out the LA Pink's because there's always a line. I should have known better that there wasn't a line at the PH Pink's.  Maybe it's because you have to go outside the casino to actually get into the tiny little space to order - pretty inconvenient since it was 30 degrees and snowing outside.I was disappointed by my hot dog - nothing special - I guess all the toppings are what make Pink's special. Their staff should be a bit more energetic, ask if customers have tried Pink's before, and if not, then recommend one of the quintessential Pink's dogs.  None of that here.  Just people who looked bored. Stop by Earl's inside the Casino and Miracle Mile mall if you want a delicious, cheap, and quick bite.
3	Hella expensive hot dogs! But it is on the strip so what do you expect. Hot dogs were okay. I ordered the planet hollywood hot dog which was good but it had a lot of cheese. I got it because I like bacon so if you like bacon this is a good hot dog for you! Just tell them to go light on the cheese unless you like cheese. The chilli cheese fries were also good and big enough for two people.
3	Comparing to the LA Pink's, this place is only so-so. But, after a long day of walking up and down the strip with no food, this place makes for a decent, quick, & filling dinner. Though not necessarily cheap. But if you're comparing to a lot of other places on the strip, with the exception of McDonalds, you're not going to really find anything cheaper than this place.My friend got one that had 2 hot dogs with chili, cheese, onions, and guacamole. She loved the topping combinations offered.I was feeling a little hungrier so I got the burrito dog, which is a gigantic polish sausage, chili, cheese, and 2 pieces of bacon wrapped in a tortilla. It was good, but the sausage casing was kind of chewy. My friend and I both agreed the chili was pretty good as a topping. It's much more about the toppings here than it is about the hot dogs, so know that going in.The seating here is sketchy, since it's all outdoors. So if they're busy, you might be out of luck. Try to go when there isn't a line. But even when there is a line, it always moves pretty fast.
3	Pinks hot dog was pretty good! Ive never had it before so I wanted to try out their original best one and according to the staff, the most popular one ended up being their chili dog. The beef was made well and the size was good enough. I didn't like how the bread was ripping apart and the whole dog was unbalanced. This place is nice to eat hot dogs at especially for west coast dogs. I'd come back to eat more!
2	Extremely mediocre. I went with the 3 dog night which is: 3 hot dogs, wrapped in a giant tortilla, 3 slices of cheese, 3 slices of bacon, chili & onions. With a lineup like that, you'd think it would be earth shattering. It was not. It was actually borderline gross. The chili was very oily, flavorless, but every aromatic.....to the point that I had to wash my hands...... twice. Overall, the dogs were good, but I think this place is grossly over hyped and there is a line. I'll try the one in Hollywood next time I'm in L.A., but the LV version is not worth your time. Meh.
3	I got their chili cheese hot dog.  It was HUGE,s salty, gooey, and a bit overwhelming.  I had to eat mine with a fork, and the actual hot dog tasted just like a regular hot dog.  I guess the big deal is the extensive menu they have of hot dog toppings?  It tasted pretty mediocre to me, and totally unhealthy (but I guess that's the point though).
3	This place gets a lot of hype. It doesn't pay off, but it is a must on the tourist list. The original place is in Los Angeles, which of course is better. This Vegas one has more Vegas themed dogs I guess you can say. I like my hotdogs simple with everything on it. If I were to go here I'd say get something with chili on it. The chili fries are good. the fries stay crispy even with the chili on it. Be prepared to get messy when eating here.
4	We were at Planet Hollywood and really wanted to try out Pink's.. I decided on a classic hot dog with raw onions, ketchup & mustard. The boyfriend got this crazy concoction of 2 hot dogs in a tortilla, chili, cheese, bacon, onions and we got some french fries to share. The french fries were really good! The hot dog was good as well but I think I prefer Nathans. The boyfriend really liked his weird meal, I took a bite and thought it was interesting. The chili was really good and I don't really even like chili. They only have outdoor seating which was fine since it was cool outside but would probably suck in the summertime. If you like hot dogs give it a shot!
3	After a night of excessive drinking...what would be better for breakfast than a giant polish dog smothered in salty ooze?I got the Planet Hollywood Dog. Polish. Nacho Cheese. Onions. Mushrooms. BACON. Bacon. OMG. wUt?I came. I saw. I left 2 inches of dog left....  next time I shall do less extravagantly.P.S. Don't go shopping and try on tight clothes afterwards.
2	After all the hype I've heard about Pink's, it does not live up to it's raves. Maybe the LA joint is better so I may give it a second chance when I'm in LA, but don't try Pink's in Vegas.I got the Chili Dog, and my friend got the Pastrami Dog. The chili on my hot dog was very questionable, kinda like elementary school lunch chili what the hell kinda meat is in here but I don't care because I'm 7? kinda chili. Mushy and questionable. The dog itself? I think I've tasted better microwaving ones from the grocery store. It's bland, and just soft.Didn't try my friend's pastrami hot dog, but he said it just tasted like what it looks like. We also got onion rings-- after a few of them, you might want to food coma.I am all for greasy, fat food, but Pink's does not do it for me.
3	I love hot dogs.  That is a fact.  Personally one of the best hot dogs in my opinion is a Costco hot dog.  Practically every time I go to Costco, on my way out I have to buy a hot dog.  I've even purchased their refrigerated hot dogs to make at home - not the same as the ones they make there - I think because of the buns.  But I digress...I was in Vegas and having heard of Pinks being a southern California favorite, I realized these hot dogs needed to be sampled.  First of all, my challenge was finding the place.  I knew it was inside Planet Hollywood.  Upon walking in, I explored the mall, the food area, and even saw a big sign with an arrow pointing towards the casino/mall exit.  But Pinks was nowhere to be found.  Well, turns out (after asking someone), it is in the front of the casino.  Ahhh.  It was one of those things - most Vegas places on the strip, you never really walk out in front of the casinos.  They are always designed to suck you in and never let you leave.  Anyway, after finding Pinks I ordered a Chicago dog and their standard footlong dog.  I should note that Pinks has a ton of hot dogs - their menu is quite extensive.  The Chicago dog was much thicker compared to the long and skinny footlong.  Both were ok.  They had been steamed.  Toppings were pretty basic.  No sport peppers on the Chicago dog, which I guess I can't complain about too much because we aren't in Chicago.  Buns were soft and tasted fresh.  Overall not an amazing hot dog like I had hoped for (still like that Costco hot dogs better), but certainty a very decent dog for Vegas.  Maybe if I make it down to LA someday, I'll try the original.
1	Wow, how the LA counterpart allows this place to keep using the Pink's name is beyond me.  The first time I went when it opened I was like meh.  The second time I went last month I was like wth!!!  I don't see this place lasting with it never having people there it seems.  The chili is pretty spot on to being the same as well as the dogs but man everything else is just horrible.  I mean I got a crusted tortilla wrapper that was litterarly cracking and breaking as if it was a cracker.  It's almost like they left the tortilla sitting on the counter all night and decided to use it anyways.  I mean if you are going to bring a prized LA landmark like this to LA then do it right.  I mean In-N-Out and Tommy's do it right.  It's just a downright shame for Pink's.
1	Thoroughly over-rated!7.50$ for a greasy polish sausage, covered in "chili" that looks like a pile of poo-poo & tastes accordingly (( this stuff looked synthetic - im talking Taco Bell might be better)The sausage was okay but it was super salty and greasy, the bun was completely soggy (think Wonderbread) & the chilli was honestly repulsive (I scooped as much as possible off before eating)The relish and grilled onions were the only things that saved the day.I would seriously pick the  Costco hot dogs/polish sausages over this stuff any day!
3	Never been to the original Pink's in SoCal, but I couldn't imagine waiting 2 hours in line for this.  I mean it ain't no Costco dog and Portillo's it ain't.  I've been here a few times for a quick bite since I stay at PH often.  They've got a lot of unique dogs and hefty portions, but most of it is just covered in excessive toppings so I usually just stick to the naked dog or one w/ chili and jalapenos.  They just lack that snap that you look for when you bite into a good dog/sausage.If you're on a hot dog quest in Vegas after some drinking this would definitely hit the spot, but otherwise go inside and grab a sandwich from the Earl.
4	YUMMY! small little place, needs more seating. Loved my hotdog, had great snap! My husband had the burrito dog and also really liked it. Will go again!
4	I havent had the opportunity to experience Pinks in Southern California being as i'm from the SF Bay Area but this Pinks was actually alright in my opinion. Dude chill...i already said i didnt get a chance to try the Original Pinks so i'm gonna write about what i know.I ordered the G...jsdoifahefoiasjfsaoif dog. The one with tomatos onions and relish with sour cream, cept i cut the onions cause me and onions dont get along.Overall i think this was a bad choice because none of the condiments really complimented each other, the relish was over powering, the tomatoes were tasteless, and the sour cream was barely noticeable. The bun and that long gay looking sausage made it all worth it. The dog had a crisp bite and bursted with juicy flavor (no homo...) and the bun was soft and not to filling. The price is way steep for a hot dog but it may be worth it to come back to every one in a while. For all the other times...There be Costco dogs!
3	Pink's was one of the cheapest meals we had in Vegas! $26 for three people was a nice change of pace from spending triple & quadruple that at other eateries. This was my first time eating at this Vegas location but I'd been to the original So Cal one a few times. I ordered my usual: a veggie hot dog covered in chili cheese & onions. Completely messy & totally heavy in the stomach; exactly what junk food should be. My companions ordered polish dogs. Even though I don't eat meat hot dogs, I like that I don't have to be excluded from dining at Pink's with people who do because they serve veggie dogs. Brownie points for that. Pink's food is kind of 'eh' but it's fun to eat outside, under heating lamps & surrounded by lights on The Strip.
4	I have wanted to try Pink's for many years......I have tried a few occasions in LA, but whenever I go there is always a HUGE line.So, when my babe and I wanted a quick afternoon snack, off to Pink's we went...and only a five minutes wait.We shared a bacon, chili, cheese dog.......not the best dog that I ever had...but very filling and yummy none the less.  The patio seating is cool a place to eat your dog and people watch on LV Blvd.
3	So this was my first time having Pink's, and we were totally excited. I ordered something with pastrami and cheese, husband ordered one with chili and bacon, and also coleslaw and onion rings.  Our dogs weren't too impressive. Hubz said his chili was too thick, and my pastrami dog wasn't as extravagant as I thought it would be.  Onion rings were good and the coleslaw was alright.  Staff was friendly, and we got our food fairly quick.  Only seating area to eat is outside, but luckily they had heaters. Glad I got to try it, but doubt we will plan on coming back. BTW You have to park in the Planet Hollywood garage if you're going to drive, then walk through the casino to the outside.
3	Never been to the original in LA, but this will do.  Not bad food...  can't say I have a favorite, but the menu gives you a lot to choose from.  A good quick stop for something to eat.
4	I'm almost embarrassed at the way I devoured my dog covered in mushrooms, swiss, and mayonnaise. Really, it was rather disgusting. It was just SO GOOD, though! I couldn't help but shovel that thing down in record timing. I was also pleased at the quickness of the service despite the massive crowd surrounding us. I only wish I could get one of these dogs after a drunken night in Atlanta. That's the only sad part about it.
4	It was my first time in Vegas and after walking around the strip all day long, my friends and I decided to stop by Pink's Hot Dogs. I was told this is a well known hotdog place in LA and really good. When I saw the menu, the prices did not impress me, for that it was quite expensive! I guess you can't really complain. It is Las Vegas after all. I ordered a Chili Cheese Dog with fries and I have to say it was REALLY good and tasty. The chili had beef chunks in it and complimented the hot dog really well. Every bite was filled with the saucy chili and beef with the delicious hotdog. I am craving this as I write this review. I'm from NorCal and there just isn't any good hot dog places here. I will for sure come back for more next time I'm in town!
2	Overrated!! Honestly the (actual) hot dog tasted regular, nothing special...the buns were regular, nothing special...they just threw a bunch of sides on top of a REGULAR hot dog!! At $6-7a hot dog, presentation is only a fraction of what i expected.Don't get me wrong, would i eat here again??...probably...could it be better?? YES
4	If your jonesin' and your on the strip. Hit this place up. Great Hot dog's. 428 in SD need's to take some pointers from Pink's.
3	I wish my friends and I had some self-control when it came to food cause we were not planning on eating when we walked out of the Planet Hollywood Hotel but it smelled sooooooo good outside of  Pink's Hot Dogs that we turned,  looked at each other and walked in! The menu hot a huge selection and I ended up choosing the Planet Hollywood Dog which came with cheese, mushrooms, bacon and I forgot what else. It was huge and cost over $9!  There were some you could get for around $5. After I made my decision I noticed that by the register they had a paper that advertised the hot-dogs wanna be celebrities like Holly Madison and Kim Kardashian like.  I love reality shows so I would probably have copied  one of their choices, lol. Anyways, my hot dog was good but not $9 good. I probably would only go back if I was in the area but would not go out of my way to visit the one in LA.  It was still cool to hang out there on the strip and people watch while we ate.
3	I've waited for the Pink's hotdog for more than an hour in LA. I saw there wasn't a line here for lunch and decided to give this place another try... It's alright. I mean, I did enjoy the hotdog more without the 1.5 hours of hype beforehand. I don't remember the exact names of all these dogs... but I got a hotdog that was topped with relish, onions & and tomatoes, topped w/sour cream.  I feel a bit ashamed to say this was pretty good. Aside from the fact there was sour cream which may throw people off, it really put the taste together. My boyfriend had the sausage with pastrami, bacon, and cheese drizzled on top. That was a bit too heavy for him. The hotdogs are definitely better than the sausages and I really enjoyed the the chili cheese fries.Sadly, I think this is one of those places you will definitely enjoy when you're drunk outta your mind.
5	Okay, now I know what a good hot dog is. I asked the cashier to give me the classic Pink's dog, and she said, without hesitation, that I was looking for the chili cheese dog. I hopefully handed her money and waited. One minute later (like seriously one minute) I had my prize. It was messy, it was unhealthy, I licked my fingers. It was fan-friggin-tastic.
4	I think this place is better than the location in LA. Yes the food is twice as much but you get a much much better view while dining. Two hot dogs, two drinks and chili cheese fries = $35.
2	*Shrug.I'm from LA, but I've actually never had a Pink's in LA......Had my first one here and really wasn't that impressed.  The hot dog has a nice snap to it and flavor but it's not all chocked up to what it is supposed to be "legendary"
4	OMG, this place is the dog!I mean c'mon, for $8, I thought the hotdog I got was not worth it until It was on my plate.I can't remember which one, but it was the one with 5 hotdogs, chili, cheese, onions all wrapped up. It was really really good. I would eat one right now actually if I could
2	Meh is a spot-on description for Pink's in Las Vegas.I had heard such great things about Pink's in LA that we decided to try it for lunch one day on our recent Vegas trip.  Maybe you have to be drunk to really appreciate these hot dogs, but I was less than impressed.  On the plus side, there are some interesting combinations on the menu, but the execution was so average.  My husband had a chili dog which was mediocre at best- the hot dog had a good snap to it, but the taste wasn't anything to write home about and I've had better hot dogs (Vienna and Koegel's in the Midwest).  I had about 2 bites of my polish (I can't remember the name of it, but it had guacamole, hot peppers, etc. which was fine) and again, was less than impressed with the meat.  I guess for a truly great polish sausage, I'll stick to ballparks, who seem to get it right.  I'd take a Wrigley Field polish over a Pink's any day of the week.
3	it's not bad and it's not good.
2	For a celebrity hot dog craze..... it's good! Their #1 is the bacon chili cheese: topped with onions, tomatoes, chili, cheese and bacon... not really my cup of tea.Their #2 is the Planet Hollywood (fitting, considering their located @ pH) and it's pretty bomb! Grilled onions, mushrooms, cheese and bacon! The best compliment they offer I'd have to say is the onion rings:)Their downfall, hence the 2 stars: THEIR STAFF and LACK OF CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!Seriously... #1: You sell hot dogs!!! Not diamonds! I guess a smile and a skosh of patience would be a stretch, no?#2: You are the cashier!!! If you're gonna have that kind of impatient demeanor, you think it'd be more fitting to stock up inventory in the back or something right???Wow.
2	I have been wanting to try Pinks forever. I never seem to make it to LA though so when they opened one in Vegas, I was dying to go back to Vegas. But then I was dying to go back to Vegas anyway as it is my favorite place ever!. So i got hot dogs for everybody. 40 bucks isn't really so bad for 4 people. But then I hope to be getting a spectacular hot dog out of it. It was good but it wasn't great and far from being awesome. The fries were good. But my mushroom swiss hot dog was a mess compiled mostly of a sub-par bun and mayonaise. It hasn't escaped my attention that the best hot dog that I have had is from Costco of all places.
4	Sorry Disneyland, as a die-hard hotdog fanatic, Pink's is the happiest place on earth for me!  Thank god there's a Pink's on La Brea (although I wouldn't mind busting the mission to Vegas for these badboys).
3	We were on our way back to the hotel to get ready for the night out. We were running short on time and opted for a quick dinner. I've heard of Pinks, the one in LA, so I suggested to my friends lets try it. Hot dog was OK. Nothing special other than the different toppings or styles you can have on it. Now I feel like running to the grocery store to pick up a pack of hot dogs. Pop it in the microwave like how I would cooked it back in elementary =) and be happy with just ketchup as my topping.
3	Ive been to Pinks in LA a lot.. This one in Vegas does not compare to the LA one. The LA ones are so much jucier and bigger. This one skimps on the toppings. LA does not.. they pile that stuff on like nobodys business. Definately give it a try if you have not ate at Pinks before though because it is cool to try out all of the unique dogs.:)
3	all this fuss for nothing ! this review is strictly based on what my boyfriend at the time told me. after getting the hotdog with chili cheese and fries, he told me it really isnt what its ought to be. it was satisfying, but nothing so special that he'd come back for more.
4	got the showgirl dog: bacon, sauerkraut, relish, tomatoes, onions and sour cream. i definitely liked my dog because i'm a big fan of sauerkraut, and fresh tomatoes.  they have outdoor seating so it's nice to eat outside on a sunny day.  this was my first time at pink's, and there wasn't a long  line like the one in la, my dog was good, but i don't think it would be worth a long ass wait tho, but i'd definitely go to pink's again as long as there isn't a long wait
2	I heard a lot of hype about Pink's so I was expecting some awesome hot dogs.  I was hugely disappointed.My sister and I shared the mushroom swiss dog, the bacon chili cheese dog and a side of onion rings.  I was surprised that our order came out looking like regular hot dogs and buns (that you'd buy from any grocery store) slathered in everyday condiments.  I totally agree with the other reviews that there was really nothing special about the food here.The mushroom swiss dog was disgustingly coated in mayo.  I like mayo but not to the point where that's all you taste with every bite.The bacon chili cheese tasted no better than something I could have ordered at Wienerschnitzel...super salty and the chili tasted nasty like it was "fresh" out of the can.Of all the things we ordered, the best thing was probably the onion rings but there wasn't anything extraordinary about those either.Honestly, this place is no different than any other fast food joint except that it's highly overrated.  We actually came here after several rounds of mojitos and even then it still didn't taste any good.
3	Tastes similar to the original without the wait. The hot dog was too much for me to handle. Just too big. But a good option on the strip for cheap fast food.
4	they basically have your average hot dog stuff with one exception....their chilli is pretty rad so make sure to get it on the dog of your choice....i got mine with chilli, nacho cheese, jalapenos, onions, mustard, and no regrets
3	I don't even really like hot dogs that much! I'm no hot dog expert, so here's my take - We needed lunch and this place was convenient. Like others, I'd seen the Pink's in LA in TV before, so we stopped. I had the Mel B dog and my dining companion had the Vegas Strip. My dog was 1 hot dog, nacho cheese sauce, guac, sour cream, tomatoes and onions. Sounds interesting and not very good, but I was on vacation, I had to try something different. I really enjoyed it! My dining companion's was 2 hot dogs with cheese, chili. guac, and onions. He liked as well. In fact, he told me I can't put the picture of him eating it online! In addition we shared onion rings, water and a beer. The bill with everything was $29. The food was decent, it was quick and tasty. The only thing I didn't care for was it warm out, not hot and the only seating was outside. It was breezy, but I eat quick so we were in and out. Try it for something quick, but don't expect greatness.
4	One f the best hot dOgs I've had. It did not break or spill or get all over places. I dislike the daiquiri though. It was too sweet.
5	Thinking back the hot dogs were okay. But eating here drunk, heaven.
4	I had gone to LA last year and was pretty bummed I didnt get to visit the famous Pink's Hot Dogs.  So naturally, I was pretty excited when I realized they had a Pink's in Planet Hollywood, where I was staying.Cheese fries: AWESOMEI had the Showgirl dog and I forgot the name of the dog my boyfriend had, but I liked his better even though they were both yummy. His had jalapenos, all I remember. Sorry guys! LOL. My only complaint is that they put TOO much of the condiments on to the point where it took me a few minutes to strategize my game plan on how to actually eat the thing :)I definitely recommend a trip to Pink's!
5	The dogs snap just like the original spot.  Customer service was amazing, especially Kieth and Lucia.  They need to be open later though.
3	Definitely not as good as the original but I like hot dogs! Had the Polish pastrami and it was delicious! Loved eating outdoors under the umbrellas. But otherwise, not that spectacular.
5	WOW! BEST. HOT DOGS. EVER!I forget the name of the hot dog I ordered but it was a polish sausage, cheese, grilled onions and mushrooms (I think it was the PH hot dog but I could be wrong).. A-freakin'-MAZING! Toppings over load! There were lots of grilled onions and mushrooms which I much appreciated because most places are so skimpy with the toppings. The polish sausage was fat and juicy, just the way I like them ;)Boyfriend got the pastrami dog with just a hot dog, pastrami and mustard - I don't like mustard so I didn't get to try a bite but he said it was good and I'll trust him on that. I can't imagine it being anything amazing like mine though because it just seems so plain!Can't say to much for the service because you wait in line, walk up, order and pick up your food at the next spot so there isn't too much interaction with the employees. But I can say the girl who took my order was very friendly and patience because I still wasn't sure of what I wanted and I didn't feel rushed by her at all.Someone please open a Pink's in the Bay!!!
4	I believe I got the mojave dog, which was topped with cheese, salsa, jalapenos, and guacamole. It was heavenly, to put it short. I don't understand why people give it 2-3 stars for being hard to eat without forks and spoons. Well, it's topped with goodies, duh!The reason I gave it a 4-star was bc I ordered a coleslaw. Worst slaw I ever had. I think it was b/c they used something other than cabbage. But can't blame it on others, who orders a slaw at a hot dog place? Lesson learned!
3	These are good hot dogs, but two people can definitely split one dog.  If you get two, you won't be able to finish them.The onion rings are really good.There are only ketchup packets and not a pump so make sure you grab a bunch.  Also, you have to ask the people behind the counter for a little cup to squeeze all the ketchup packets into.  So weird.
5	I was looking forward to trying this place out all weekend!After having drinks all day and night, I really wanted something bad.. real bad for me..I decided to order a Planet Hollywood dog.  This had bacon, grilled onions, mushrooms, and nacho cheese on top of a polish dog.  Let me tell ya, It was exactly what I was craving.  It was a bit on the salty side though.  I was already dehydrated enough, the bacon was real salty... and I love salty things ;)  Other than that, i've never had a hot dog so yummy and so big!  I couldn't finish it.The wait wasn't too bad when we came and actually getting our dogs didn't take long either.  I liked the environment, it was fun and exciting.I'll probably come back here when I have a huge appetite and I haven't done my make-up.  By the end of eating your dog, you've wiped off all the nacho cheese that's gotten on your face and your freshly put on make-up!
3	this place is all right.I have never seen such a diverse menu compromised of hot dogs.i got the hot dog burrito which had three hot dogs and filled with cheese and other stuff. it was pretty yummy.the onion rings are really good too. I think it's a little pricey for a hot-dog specialty joint, but this place is worth trying once in your lifetime.
3	3.5 stars again.  i don't know how i ended up here, but i did!  got grilled mushrooms and grilled onions this time.  not the best (i'm a veggie though), but pretty damn good, and it's quick and filling!note: for meat-eaters... every time i go here, i hear someone say to their friend "get everything on it"
3	I dunno what the whole craze is about pinks but it is not all that. The service is vegas was great but the food is mediocre. I think berkeley dogs near uci is so much better. My favorite would have to be japa dogs in seattle!! the bomb!!
3	Not much of a hot dog fan, though their hot dogs were in between awesome and a-ok thus three stars. I believe it's more hyped on the celeb advertisement.Overall, The place is cool especially those chili dogs :)
4	The best hot dog. I had plain dog with mustard. Enjoyed every bite!
4	We are a little spoiled living in chicago, because we have every cuisine here!  However, something as simple as a hot dog should not be that difficult, but I have had some from other places and trust me they were a fail. We tried Pinks while in Las Vegas I had a turkey hot dog with mayo, mustard, grilled onions, mushrooms, and cheese. ( i forgive them for asking me if i want ketchup, i live in chicago we dont do ketchup on a hot dog). I have to admit it was a pleasant surprise, and I am kinda bummed out that I didnt make it to Pinks one more time before leaving LV but I am definately a fan!
2	Not all it was hyped up to be. Service kind of sucked. We weren't even greeted. Then we had to sit in a not-so-inviting-patio. Outdoor seating only by the way. Not so cool during Las Vegas's summer. And all the menu items were just messy. I could of done better at home and cheaper.But I'm sure it would be a great late-night dinner afterhours!
2	Not sure what all the hype is all about. Their chili cheese fries were better than the actual hot dogs. I'd rather eat a hot dog from Costco.
3	This place is just way to expensive for average hot dogs. Yeah okay its nice to say you've been and take pictures blah blah blah but if you want to spend $20 for two dogs, 1 small fries, and two drinks... Have funI guess being a New Yorker I was expecting way more, Nathans and street car franks are so much better than this place.
2	Dear Pink's,  I hate you.  I had one in LA and it was ok but I was hoping for better...I'm not sure why I thought it would be better.  I think it's similar to when you see a McD's ad and you hope your burger looks like the ad but it's the same pile of crap every time.  The chili was bland and the hot dog was not as good as Nathan's hot dogs.  I'm pretty sure the chili dog meal looked the same entering and exiting my body!
4	I go here every time we are in Vegas.  This time we got a mushroom swiss dog (which is my fave), chili dog, guadalajara dog, and the planet hollywood dog with 2 orders of fries and onions rings for 4 people.  the french fries and onion rings were enough for 4 people to share.  i had the planet hollywood dog and the polish dog was pretty big.  they have outside seating.  They probably have like 6 or 7 tables out there.  I think on fridays and Saturdays they close at 0300 which is good for a early morning snack.  Each hotdog is like under $9 which isnt bad.  they accept credit cards and cash.
3	Good food, but I thought the price was a little too much. I spent almost $30 for the Swiss Mushroom Dog, the Vegas Dog, the (something) Man Dog, and a small bowl of chili. I ate everything but the Vegas Dog, I was too drunk to finish it. Bottomline: I probably wouldn't come back here again, it seems to me the one in LA tasted better.
4	yum! We hit up Pink's on our first night in Vegas. Sure, it was 30 bucks for a couple of hot dogs and some fries but it's Vegas. I had a dog smothered in Chili, cheese, onions, mustard and jalapenos. Boyfriend had the polish dog. Coming from Central Texas, we expect yumminess when it comes to hot dogs and sausage. Pink's did not disappoint. Sure the hot dog was topped with all sorts of delicious stuff but the hot dog itself was also quite tasty. Good stuff!
4	There's a major difference between eating here after a margarita and eating here before a margarita. I can vouch that eating here after a margarita tastes significantly better.Being sheltered for all my life, I never heard of Pink's Hot Dogs wasn't aware of its popularity until I got here. Combined with my love for chili, we ended up ordering chili cheese fries, Nacho Chili Cheese Hot Dog, and the Mel B Hot Dog.The wait time for it is really short too and it's a really good place to sit underneath their vapor after a party marathon on the Strip. I think this place has to be visited on your trip to Vegas but I might be incredibly biased by the chili aspect. Although the chili dogs are their selling point and I could go on and on about my love for chili, I really thought the winners were the hot dogs with mustard, cheese, and sour cream.
3	Honestly, a key component to these hot dog is TLC. apparently it doesn't taste the same as it does at the ghetto ass location in la brea.Overall planet hollywood should have hired legit workers from cali who know how to assemble a pinks hot dog as oppose to just anyone..Very disappointed.
2	I wanted to "like" this place more, but nothing says "no thank you" more than Sysco products.Brief Summary-- Spin off location from the original Pink's in Hollywood-- Located on the LV Strip & only has outdoor seating-- Not for the cheap of heart-- Say NO to the chili or say yes to the toilet-- Bring your OWN ketchup // condimentsI've seen Pink's featured on Food Network before. So when my friends suggested we go there for lunch, I was down!Luckily we got here right before the huge lunch rush. You can imagine the line getting very long during a busy hour on the LV Strip.--- Our Order ---** Pinks Lemonade (no alcohol) -- It was delicious, GET IT!** Chili Dog & Chili Cheese Dog -- PASS, the chili is definitely the East Coast style that is mostly just greasy meat/beef. The cheese didn't taste real, must have been some "Sysco" cheese matter. This stuff stuck to my ribs and made me want to "yack" later that night. My tummy was hurting. The dog was good, I ended up just eating it alone. ** Chili Cheese Fries -- I ate these before the dog and they were mostly good because I was so hungry. Again the chili is just greasy meat, not really the ranch style chili (if that's what you like).My biggest complaint about Pink's is that they ONLY have Sysco Ketchup which is very DISGUSTING. It doesn't even taste like tomatoes or ketchup, it just looks like it. On top of that, it's more of a thick paste then a sauce. I seriously wish I could have gotten some Heinz!This place got a 1 star bump for my friend's polish with pastrami that I tasted. Although, it was kind of dry and in need of mustard, the flavors were there and it was juicy and hot.I won't be back here any time soon, but I hope to try the original in Hollywood!
3	I feel like a traitor because I have not tried the one in LA (and I'm from LA!), but decided to try this in Vegas.I had the chili cheese dog. It looked really good after ordering, but I think the taste was lacking for my expectation. Everyone always talks about how great Pink's Hot Dogs are in LA, butttt I was kind of expecting to be disappointed when I realized that Pink's in Vegas was not as obvious of a spot, and there were also not many people ordering. I mean, I guess Vegas has hundreds of other eateries besides hot dogs, but I'm guessing the one in LA is better, and I think my next try will be home and not Vegas. ):
1	One word: Disgraceful. This rendition of Pink's Hotdogs was nothing comparable to the one in Los Angeles. I came here after a long walk on a hot day visiting places on the strip and I was utterly disgusted with my order. I had gotten the mushroom dog with swiss cheese, mushrooms and mayo. First of all, the hot dog wiener itself was ordinary, almost as if I bought the pack of ten from a grocery store along with grocery store hot dog buns. The mushrooms tasted like rubber canned mushrooms that should be stamped inedible. Not only that, but a large dollop of mayo on top of this mess made me want to gag. I immediately regretted my order as I saw it and was even more sad to see $7 go to waste. However, I did really enjoy the chili cheese fries, but only temporarily. The mixture of fake beef and nacho cheese did not bode well for any of my friends and I would not recommend coming here when there are plenty of other great places on the strip. Yelpers, BEWARE.. false franchising!!
4	Well it was a 105 out and the nice cool misting fans were looking nice. The wait was to at the mall restaurants so we ended up here! I really do enjoy a good hot dog when they can be found and the last couple I have had were very average. Also seeing this on food network a few time made for some big expectations. I was excited to try pink's and the line was moving fast. I normally just go with a normal dog with ketchup when trying new places but the bacon burrito dog was sounding good and it sounded big! We got our order pretty fast and the serve pepsi bleh, so went with sierra mist when in this situation. Then I went for the ketchup and then ooooo no cisco ketchup, blehhh, how could you pink's? I don't think I've had to have cisco ketchup since I was at the last country fair. That would be my only complaint here. Ketshup is one of the only condiments I enjoy and if I'm eating a top quality hot dog and fries, I need the good stuff! Alas, my giant burrito filled with bacon, chili, cheese and 2 hot dogs was really to be devoured and it was. It was great, filling, and had some hearty chili which is something you either like or don't, but I did. I was pretty full after that and I would have this again for sure. If I had coke, some heinz, and a cooled indoor seat, you could have had that 1 extra star!
3	Pink's Hot Dogs in Las Vegas are unique and taste pretty decent.  The hot dogs are large and have decent toppings.  I agree with other reviews that this joint offers crappy toppings for you to put on, which implies to me that they are not always using top ingredients for these top dollar dogs.This is a place for me to say I ate at, but not something I would go to more than once or twice a year max.  The hot dogs come with basic long dogs or a polish dog.  The polish dog is nice and big and tastes pretty good.  I would suggest skipping the "Chicago Dog" as it lacks from what a I would call a true Chicago style hot dog.  The Vegas dog was pretty good as was the Majove dog.Overall an A-OK place to eat a fancy hot dog, but not something you want to eat at often or more than once a year.  Be prepared for a pricey experience with somewhat questionable topping quality.
4	Pink's is a humongo staple in LA...and every time I'm outside the place I swear off poppin my Pink's cherry because of that ridonculous line. But you can't get away from the buzz...you hear about them online, from friends, and it's practically a celebrity hotspot. Well being the sceptic that I need to be to thrive, I figured it may be a lot of empty hype. I mean a hot dog's a hot dog, I thought. And I couldn't have been wronger. (yeah. it's a word now ;)Sure, I can't tell a lie...there were only 2-3 people ahead and yet we waited in line for probly 25 minutes. And yeah, for 2 simple styled hot dogs and an onion ring after all was said & done (including tax & a small tip), it was almost 20 dollars. And the cashier was very knowlegeable, but moved at the speed of a dmv employee..they all did.But I quickly found out that their food is the REAL DEAL HOLYFIELD. No empty hype. SO damn good. No, I think they put crack in there.
3	not that great. had some for myself this time around, and what you see is what you basically get. nothing out of the ordinary, so i dont get what the fuss is all about. i forgot what it was called specifically, but i ordered the polish dog. maybe it was because i felt like shit on the day my friends and i ate here, but the taste got pretty nasty after a few bites. most of us ended up not finishing our food. on a brighter note, their strawberry daiquiry is DELICCCCCCIOUS! the best i'vee had in vegas, hands down. the only thing i would recommend is to freeze it up a little more, mine was kind of watery. taste wise tho, i would have one everyday if i could!
2	hmm. I don't know what the hoopla is all about. REALLY? I don't even think they are all-beef dogs.We just ordered simple ones. We actually wanted to go to the sandwich shop inside but the line was crazy and this line was actually a non-line.It's outside dining ONLY. There are tables with umbrellas and fans with water misters. The misters helped a bit but it's Vegas and it's freakin' HOT. Anyways, I was not impressed and probably will not return.
5	The only time I eat hotdogs....unless I'm having a BBQ at my house. These are a heart attack waiting to happen and I love it. Eat one or two and that is an instant food coma!
3	I've been to the Pinks in LA and its no where near as good here.  It will do for a quick snack but there is no indoor seating and the place is actually pretty small.  Prices are pretty high for what you get.  Skip it.
2	I feel guilty only giving them 2-stars. My feet were sore, the line was long, and it was 100 + degrees. Like the other reviewers have stated, seating is only outside. When I ordered I misread the menu and thought i was getting a hot dog, but ended w/ some type of sausage. I am sure it was marked on the menu, but I guess the sweat was in my eyes. My wife loved it, so if it was her reviewing there would be 4 stars up there. Chili fries were good. I would give it another shot, but probably on a cooler day.
5	Best hot dogs this side of the Rio Grand!    Nice and spicey . . .PLUS they toast their buns . . . . . something UNIQUE to Las Vegas.
5	Pink's Hot dogs are AWESOME!!! I was able to read the menu clearly despite the agonizing heat and knew exactly what I was ordering unlike my husband who claims blurred vision for getting a polish sausage instead of a hot dog. Best tasting dog I've had. The chili was great. As far as the outside only dinning, it was saved by the misters that hang just a few inches above the patron's heads. I would have preferred to eat inside because, let's face it; a mister is just a giant fan (so napkins are flying) with water spraying out at you. The water wasn't the problem, the wind current was. I was dry before I finished my chili fries because it was still super hot out. Totally worth a few trips back!
4	Everything is ok... but the chili... the chili is the beezneez!  They have other wacky toppings that are quite delicious too, plus if you add bacon to anything it at it's a 1 up.  Go here and make sure there's chili on your hotdog.
3	I was exposed to Pink's Hot Dogs from the Food Network channel. It was during Bobby Flay's dog challenge where I believe he won too... Their original location is in Los Angeles. I guess they opened up another location in Las Vegas inside Planet Hollywood. It was December 2010 when I had my first experience at Pink's. It was windy and they did not have indoor seating. It was cold even with the outdoor heater. People were outside eating wearing their leather jackets shivering. Aside from that, the hot dog was overrated. I order the chilli dog and my fiance ordered some kinda of dog with onions. It tasted like any other hot dog you would order in a restaurant that serves it.Nothing special about this place.
5	I had a hot dog covered in chili, bacon, cheese and tomatoes. I don't know how anyone could complain about that. Ever. The lines went fast, the people taking up tables got up and left pretty quickly so not much of a wait. Yeah it was hot but you're in Vegas, what do you expect. Go cry inside.
2	Ho hum. I've been to the original in LA and this place does not live up to the quality of the mother ship. I had a few mini chili dogs at Johnny Small's made with Pink's Dogs that gave me the taste to try this place,Indifferent staff, pricey dogs, and not so clean space.Had a chili dog on a nice stale bun. I'll stick to Johnny Small's or wait for trips to LA.
3	Went here last night. Got my usual chili cheese fries and Showgirl Dog. I don't like crazy things on my hot dog. Just the usuals-- as in all the usuals. haha ketchup, mustard, saukraut(?), tomatoes and bacon-- oh and relish! Definitely have to eat these babies with a knife and fork. Don't forget the napkins!Chili cheese fries here are delicious. I love their chili. It's a little 'mushier' I guess you can say than other places, but I like it... although my tummy always feels a little funny after. Kinda over priced, but it's Vegas. What isn't overpriced?
3	I always heard about Pink's & finally got the chance to try it for the first time :)At first, I was going to be boring & order a regular polish dog. But since it was my first time, might as well try a specialty!My friend & I decided to order 2 different specialty dogs & split it so we could have 2 kinds. We ordered the Mushroom Swiss Dog & Planet Hollywood Dog. The Mushroom Swiss Dog was a bit on the lighter side (compared to the other specialty dogs). I'm not a big bacon person (which was on the Planet Hollywood Dog), but it was quite appetizing. However, it was huge & it fills you up really quick. Seating is outside under umbrellas. It was kinda nice since it was a shaded area.Customer service was good.Pink's Hot Dogs was good, but not sure if I'd spend  that much on a hot dog again. Worth a try though!
3	2 of our friends kept raving about this place. So, we came here after we landed and checked in. My sister and I got the bacon chili dog and our friend got 2 chili dogs and fries.Bacon Chili Dog - The chili tasted too mushy, but the hot dog had a good snap to it.Fries -- They were ok.Overall, we weren't wowed by it, but I would return to try something else in the future.
1	oh my lord I didn't realize I didn't slam this place but I should of because I thought la pinks was slipping but this place gave me the runs and throwing up all through the night. It literally ruined my vacation there.
2	I should've checked Yelp instead of listening to all the hype. While on vacation there were a few places my friends and I had heard about quite often and wanted to check out - Pink's was one of them. Located right in our hotel, we figured it'd be one of the better places to eat during our trip, but ... not so much.Maybe it's because I've been spoiled by all the good food here in San Francisco, but Pink's didn't strike me as anything special. Most of the items seemed to be pretty similar, mostly consisting of chili, bacon, onions, cheese, and other meats; not a ton of variety overall. Though I have to say, the portions-to-price ratio was pretty good - you get a gigantic, filling meal for about $10 or so, and unless you have a monstrous appetite you won't need a second hot dog.As for the food itself? Average. Even though most of my friends and I were feeling ravenous I think only one out of nine of us managed to finish, and it wasn't really because of how filling the hot dogs were. Sure, they're packed to the brim with condiments and other things, but it's mostly standard fare. I actually felt kind of sick and bloated for a few hours afterward, and I certainly didn't feel like finishing the leftovers after looking at it later than day.Unfortunately for people thinking they'll get to sit indoors and have a hot dog in an AC-dominated environment, the only seating is outdoors in the hot, hot Vegas sun, with only a few tables sitting underneath a bit of shade. It's a pretty small location, so if it's crowded you might just want to bring everything back to your room instead. It'll be less messy that way anyway.Overall I don't think Pink's met the hype at all. Perhaps because the original is in Los Angeles and not in Vegas, and in addition I've had better hot dogs at local joints (sorry!). It's probably worth a stop if you're in Vegas, but don't go there expecting the best hot dog you've ever had. You'll only set yourself up for disappointment in the end.
2	Ordered two hot dogs (big mistake) and ended up putting one in the fridge in the hotel room.Opened the fridge a few hours later to discover a very odd smell coming from it. Was hoping to eat it for breakfast the next morning before checkout, but ended up trashing it instead.That pretty much sums up my experience with Pink's. A great big MEH.
2	Regular hot dogs at 2x the price.This is a very misleading place to be.Seriously.
5	their french fries and onion rings are amazing! Extremely crunchy and crispy, really on point. I enjoy their coleslaw but I can also understand why others wouldnt. oh yeah, the hot dogs..they are decent, perfectly salted.
2	LET'S KEEP THIS SIMPLE: I don't like to give people the eyesore of their epic experiences, word for word and about how we sat down and the waitress rolled her eyes and what not.SERVICE: Normal fast food services. Pick your own food up. lolFOOD: extra long hotdogs, with a bit of a crunch. They should at least slightly toast the hotdog buns! I meant right?? Nothing too special. Believe it or not, I like 711's hotdogs better. TROLLOLOLOL!SANITATION: (most important to me) Tables are alright. Some dirty. fast food, like I said.WHAT I GOT: Chili Nacho Cheese hotdog, + bacon. & topped with jalapenos. Can you believe?? all those toppings and it still didn't seem all that great!SO WHATS THE BIG DEAL??I guess it's a tourist attraction, obviously.. Some people like it, some people don't. best way to know try it out for yourself! it's not like its disgusting. just like theme park food.OTHER NOTES:- Seating area is a lovely place to cool down! that's for sure!
3	PINK's!! Great hot dogs! Great toppings! Lines weren't long at all when i was there!I got the chilin dog! Chili was good hotdog was nice as crispy! Another food stop you need to make while in Sin City!I'm sorry to say but Gray's papaya in NYC all day everyday!
2	I know live in Vegas and always wanted to try pinks. It's nothing special. I'd rather buy a better tasting & more robust hotdog & a drink @ Costco for just $1.50 than spend $6-$7 for something less appealing @ pinks.
4	The dogs are really good!! A little over priced for hot dogs, but whatever, Las Vegas is over priced
1	Don't believe the hype.  Nothing like the L.A. Pink's very disappointing
4	Expensive for a hot dog? YESS The quality is super top notch tho. They have some exotic toppings. I tried the bacon chili cheese dog and wowwwww So flavorful. OMG and the hotdog itself? It has a great snap to it when you bite into it. The casing is the best i ever seen. I never heard a perfect snap in a hotdog before until i tried Pink's. I would give this 5 stars but for the pricey dog, i have to subtract a star.
3	Good for some drunk food! Would say it is expensive but everything in Vegas is expensive. Can't really complain but enjoyed everything I tried.... Onion Rings and Chili Cheese Hotdog:)
4	FINALLY!  After 3 trips to Vegas, I finally got to go here!Friends are always bringing me Pink's Hot Dogs, and I'm glad that this place didn't disappoint.  I've had a few of the dogs before and this time I went with the Showdog girl.  The hot dog itself was great, nice snap when you bite into it!  I took off one star though because I thought they put too much stuff on it.  I was almost having to search for the hot dog flavor.  Maybe I'm just weird, but I like to have minimal "stuff" on my dog.No matter what, the dogs here are top notch.  Love it.
2	Average hot dog place... Good toppings though.
5	My wife and I finally made it here on our last night, I had the Strip Dog and it was lovely and I will certainly go again, yes the dogs maybe a little on the expensive side but  you can sit outside and view the Strip while eating your dogs so I'm not going to complain.Along with the Earl Of Sandwich this is a great place to snack before you start your evening or to finish off a great night in Vegas.
3	The seating is outdoors, very limited, under very high powered fans with mist. Not really ideal for eating.Husband wanted The Lord of the Rings dog which was no longer on the menu but they made it for him anyway. So that was nice. I ordered the Chicago Polish Dog. Both tasty enough.I think the price was around $7 for the hot dogs and $3 for the drinks. We split an order of onion rings with the parents. They are the thick cut rings and the batter was a bit on the sweet side.Overall decent experience for the price but I suspect there are better dogs to be had in Chicago.
5	moderately priced for vegas hot dogs, but they're huge!  i think my friend had the Chicago dog with chili, and i was eyeing it the whole time.  you can't go wrong with a holy trinity blessed polish: mustard, onions, and sweet relish.sit back, relax, and enjoy your meal with a cocktail while you stare off into City Center and all the twinkling lights around you.  just order a naked polish at 1 in the morning and all is right in your world...
3	This place makes me kinda sad because in LA, Pink's is a huge hit. I wish this place could have all the options the one in Hollywood does, but it doesn't. It has the original toppings, but the celebrity specialties are missing. The Guadalajara Dog sufficed for my trips here, but definitely wasn't worth it while having a hangover.Other than that, wait is pretty short and there's plenty of outdoor seating which is conveniently placed in mist.
3	The menu is way smaller than the one in LA, but it'll do.  The hot dog burrito was really good.  Other than that, it's just okay.  Place is small and so is the outdoor dining area.
2	Overrated hot dogs.
2	I was not to fond of the hot dog I ordered and the fries, I got really sick after eating there food.
3	I have been a huge fan of Pinks ever since I set foot on Brea in LA 10+ years ago. I've been to the PH location twice, and it's just not the same. They dont have the spicy polish dogs, which is a MUST. I had the chili cheese fries both times here, and I forget each time...they dont make my stomach feel good afterwards. But at the time you're eating it, it's too good to care.
4	Not as many options as the original LA stand but also doesn't come with the long line.  The best part about this joint is you can order from inside the PH sports book.  Now you can call seat backs, place a bet, and get a chili dog before the timeouts over.  What could be more fitting than a hot dog while watching sports?For the pink newbs:dog - good meaty flavor with a nice snap to itchili - delicious rich taste and a smooth textureMake whatever combination of toppings you like mine isBacon chili cheese dog, all the fixins, plus sauerkraut.  Get a fork its gonna be messy.A little pricey for a dog but good taste, easy eats, no wait, and convenient if your in the PH sports book.
2	Here goes one of those reviews where I wish I did not have to write. I was ecstatic to find out Pink's Hot Dogs is open in Vegas. I remembered ordering Chicago polish dog which turned out horrible. The hot dog itself tasted like rubber and very chewy. I was disappointed because I really love eating hot dog. Why can't they be good like  the one in LA where the hot dog was super scrumptious?
4	One of the few places that I've been to that actually lived up to the hype. It was soo good, I came here twice. I got the pastrami dog and planet Hollywood dog. If it is your first time I suggest you try the polish sausage. I also tried the chili cheese fries, this thing is a beast. You seriously need 3 people to finish the chili cheese fries. Definitely a spot to hit up for a quick eat.
4	Definitely delicious. I thought they had waiter service but nope. Guess it keeps the prices down. Its moderately priced and they have lots of different hotdogs. I had the Chili Cheese dog with mustard. It had a snap to it. The Onion Rings were fresh and not hard and just delicious. Unless your extremely hungry stick to just one dog.
2	Sadly, the menu does not compare to the flagship LA location. Secondly, the chili was thick to a point that it was separating in clumps. LA trumps LV. Tasty, but LA quality was definitely not there.Enough said.
3	The menu doesn't compare to the LA one but it is still good. The wait is not long and located conveniently in from of PH. I had the pastrami dog and my bf had the hollywood dog. It's a nice change from the buffets or 4 star restaurants. It's a good place to go for small affordable lunch.
3	No matter the obscene number of toppings, a hot dog is still a hot dog. Overpriced and over-hyped, but I had to try because, well, it was Vegas after all. The line wasn't too ridiculous (maybe about a ten minute wait) and seating was readily available. The celebrity hot dog wall was a little embarrassing. Just because some B-list celebrity scribbles down their favorite menu item and signs their name next to it doesn't make it worth acknowledging.
4	Best hot dogs ever! They load on the toppings generously.  Service is quick and friendly.  My only dislike is the amount of seating available.  There is almost no seating inside.
3	I'm from L.A., but I was short on time and was starving to death at the Miracle Mile Shops. I figured... Pink's, you can never go wrong. It's my favorite hot dog joint where I'm from. Wow they really over-priced these things, and I even snuck a peak out back and they don't use high, or even good quality products here. I mean their ketchup packets are even generic, they couldn't spring for heinz? Come on, pinks. Anyway, my bf and I decided to play it safe, and cheap because their normal chili cheese dogs that go for $3 in L.A. are $6! Madness! It was ok, but the chili just wasn't as flavorful and the hot dogs didn't have any snap. The topping were piled on pretty good, but I just didn't think they were fantastic. The onion rings, on the other hand, were really good, and freshly made to perfection. The inside is very small, and the outside has about 15 tables, which are kept pretty clean. Staff is so-so. They're fast and effective but none of them really looked that happy to be working that night. I would never come back here, because I would much rather go to the L.A. location.
2	The frozen drinks were appealing to the eyes but not the palate.  The chili dogs were appealing to neither.
1	A group of 8 of my friends ordered various items off the menu and not a single one had anything good to say about the food. The hot dogs are plain-Jane and the toppings are poor quality. I would recommend eating elsewhere.
5	We were in a Vegas awhile back and just had to try PINK's - It was great, they are having fun with hot dogs (so many cool toppings to choose from) ... had the chili-cheese dog.  The chili was surprisingly flavorful.  The fries were great too.  It's a fun place to find some good food.;
4	What I like about Pink's Hot Dogs in Vegas is that they will refill any souvenir yard cup, unlike every other place you stop at! The price is reasonable too. This is great because who wants to go alllll the way back to the place where they bought the cup from just to get more alcohol!?! Makes no sense!The pink lemonade that they refill it with is pretty strong and doesnt need an extra shot! Whenever I stop by there isn't a major wait. Sweeet!
3	I haven't been to the original in LA but the Las Vegas version at the Planet Hollywood Casino is a pretty good dog - overpriced of course but did you expect anything else?  The hot dogs are firm and have a nice casing and I honestly thought the chili was pretty good although definitely overloaded to the point of making the hot dog tough to eat.  Not health food but I would definitely go again if I was looking for a quick meal in the area.
4	Nom! I love Pinks! Especially their spicy sausages, they are extremely flavorful and are happily spicy.But one of the main reasons why I love Pinks is because of its location, it is located right outside of Miracle Mile so you can enjoy a one mile stroll and work up an appetite before you gorge yourself on hot dogs and sausages. But make sure you take an extra stroll at the Forum Shops before hand so you can enjoy the delectable Chilli Cheese Fries. They are super yummy, and if you get in a decent work out during your shopping run you won't even feel that guilty about it.
3	A hot dog is a hot dog. And at Pinks, it's a hot dog with a bunch of stuff thrown onto it. So whatever artery clogging toppings you want, they got. Good hangover food, but it's not THE best. Chili cheese fries were pretty tasty because they were crispy fries and I LOVE crispy fries. It's Vegas and everything is over priced, that's a fact so I can't complain about the pricing. Outside seating was nice with 75 degree weather and you get the nice company of birds hanging out.
3	Good, but still an overpriced hotdog.
4	NOTE: maybe I shouldn't review Pink's hot dogs, because I don't eat meat and buns, and I count calories so I can't add more toppings or sauces except veggie stuffs. I was very happy that they have a pink's hot dogs at Planet Hollywood! There was no line and not crowded! I would never wait in line for 3 hours in Hollywood location! So I got to try world famous pink's hot dogs! Very good location outside Miracle Mile, walking distance from our hotel Cosmopolitan.Very cute place decorated in pink color, there is a wall full of celebrities photos. I was glad they had veggie and turkey hot dogs. A solid 3.5 star, $40 for 2 hot dogs, one fries, one corn dogs, one Pink's lemonade with souvenir cup. Veggie hot dog with chopped tomatoes: not much flavor, but it was not bad with mustard sauce and tomatoes Hot dog with mushrooms and sour cream: fairly delicious Fries: not badCorn dog: good Pink's lemonade: yummyThe hot dogs were good, but not great, veggie hot dog needed to wait a bit longer to get my order, other orders were fast. I guess we should've ordered Pink's secret recipe chilly on top, that would make our hot dogs more tasty, or add more toppings and sauces. It is a bit pricey for hot dogs though, but it's famous so it's OK I guess. I didn't think the hot dogs were great, but they were not bad either. I like this fast food place a lot because of the cute decor, and outdoor seats, good view and people watching on the strip, there were some cute little birds walking around, they were fun to watch. So we will go back again for snacks or quick bite. :)
3	"It's a hotdog.""But it's from PINK''S!""It's. A. Hotdog." I ordered the Guadalajara dog, and while I enjoyed it, was it really worth the $6? Probably not, considering it's just a hotdog. It's basically like paying $2 for the hotdog and $4 for the famous name. And if it's not even the original Hollywood stand, what's the point? Definition of a tourist trap. I suppose I would recommend everyone to try it once, and don't try to be healthy. Lather on the sour cream, cheese, chili, ect because if you're going to wait an obscene amount of time for a $6-$8 hot dog, you might as well go all out. It might help if you were a little tipsy as well to cushion the realization of the resources you are exhausting for minimal nutritional value. Hey, it's Vegas. Luckily for myself, I barely beat the lunch rush, was able to walk up and order, and got my dog in just a few minutes. But the line a few minutes later was crazy! Unfortunately for me though, it was also December and freezing outside. None of your $6 goes toward any indoor seating. I've always believed Las Vegas embodies the best and worst things about America, all in one place. Such as greasy, overpriced "famous" food. Case in point.
3	I was really looking forward to trying pinks since it is such a landmark hotdog place in LA. I have to say we were a little disappointed. Good place for a quick dog, but don't expect an incredible hotdog experience.
5	My first trip to Vegas with my boyfriend and we decided before our trip where we wanted to eat/try out.Truly the best hotdog I've ever had.  I guess other reviews say its just a hotdog and nothing special, bu I on the other hand think differently.  I say the sausage goes well with all the different toppings they offer in the store. What really differentiate Pink's from other hotdog chains is that their sausage tastes different a lot better; a higher quality compared to the others. I shared half a hotdog with my boyfriend since we were saving our stomach for Belagio buffet, but every bite of the sandwich was delicious.
1	Maybe it's because it's not the original pinks. But we weren't too hungry, but saw that there was no line so we decided to try it.We ordered a plain dog... to see if the hype was dog or toppings. Also ordered the chilli cheese fries.Chilli cheese fries were disgusting. It was like dog meat. heavy. The nacho cheese was also bland. Fries were extra crunchy...Hot dog wasn't too bad, the dogs are broiled, something I could get down in SJ at Mark's Hot Dogs!
2	Ehhh.Not sure what all the hype was about.  I guess i had to find out the hard and expensive way that coming here wasn't really worth my time.These hot dogs are boiled-something i can get at a baseball game.  I prefer a grilled hot dog that has char-marks and some snap to it when you bite in.  I ordered the basic chili dog; the toppings overpowered the hot dog, there was so much going with this hot dog that i couldn't even enjoy it.  I actually ended up eating it with a fork n knife because the massive amounts of toppings tore the bun apart.  That seriously detracts from any hot dog experience. It was $8 for one hot dog and a bottle of water.  Do yourself a favor and spend that $8 next door at earl of sandwich...you'll thank me later. And remember...its just a hot dog!!
4	Good place to check out if you like hotdogs and are near the Miracle Mile. Food is cheaper than most sit down restaurants in town. Hot dogs were good, but you might consider going with some of the "classics" as the rest of the other dogs can be a little overwhelming and really messy. I highly recommend the chili cheese fries, they were by far the best thing we ordered, very crispy, tasty chili and quality nacho cheese.
1	I have never been to the Pink's in CA but I've always wanted to so my sister and I decided to come to this location on our recent vacation to Vegas.We shared the $7 chili cheese hot dog. The bun was like the cheap kind you can buy at any grocery store- the kind that always seems to be just at the tipping point of turning stale. The actual hot dog wasn't anything special.  But the worse part was the copious amounts of lukewarm chili piled atop the hot dog.  My sister and I ended up eating just half and throwing the rest away. Overall, a pretty sad experience :(
1	We ordered the polish Chicago dog, the Brooklyn pastrami dog and chili cheese fries. We weren't impressed with the food at all. It was very bland and Very disappointing.
4	I absolutely love their hot dogs! Super delish! I went here twice. Their hot dogs are good, but their chili cheese fries weren't. I didn't have the urge to finish it. Wished there was a Pink's in the Bay Area. Oh well! Guess I'm going to have to go to LA or Vegas in the meantime.
2	Overpriced hot dogs that aren't special. What more can I say? The original one in LA is a tad better, still, nothing more than a lot of hype.
3	I love Pink's Hot Dogs in all incarnations, and this one was no different. I thought the prices were reasonable for Las Vegas, and I enjoyed my chili dog. The only problem was that the menu seemed abridged from others I've seen, like their WeHo location and their truck at the Orange County fair.
2	Lacking the snap, character, and deliciousness that the WeHo Pink's has (a solid 4 stars).Also, after trying several of their specialties, I stand by their classic Pink's hot dog. The quality of their food is in the house-made sausages, not the average toppings they put on them in my opinion. Pink's is just as LA as Dirty Dogs are to me, so maybe they should just stay there...
3	$4.75 for a hot dog?  Sure, the dogs were delicious but that's a damnable price to pay for a frankfurter on a bun.  For that kind of money Pink's should at least grill them.  I see 7/11 hot dogs in my future.
3	I never thought I'd spend $30 for 3 hot dogs but here I am standing at the Pink's hot dog shop with my jaw dropped at the cash register in Vegas. All I could think while i was waiting is that these damn dogs better be fantastic. In about 10 minutes my number was called. I got the Chicago polish dog, the Vegas strip dog (two dogs in one bun) and the spicy dog. I tried a bite of all three and none of them wowed me. The spicy dog was topped with cheap nacho cheese, onions, bland guac and tomatoes. There wasn't a spice factor in there at all. The Vegas strip was similar to the spicy except that it was two dogs, chili  and had jalapenos, I thought this blended together better but still wasn't "OMg this is the best $8 hot dog I've ever put in my mouth" type of good. Overall, I was full but not satisfied.
1	Pinks, i expected more from you! I stood in lines 2 hours for you in LA and thought you were a little better than average. Then i come to Las Vegas to try you again with barley any lines, and you were not great to me at all! I am totally breaking up with you. I tried the spicy dog and chilli cheese fries. Both were okay and had nothing special about them. This place is small, expensive for what you get, and seating is only outside. This place is truly overrated.
2	Izzz just a fuckin hotdoggggg mannnn I don't understand what all the hype is about
2	Expensive. $5.50 for a $3.50 dog which is what the price is in L.A. If you're  going to L.A., don't eat here you're getting ripped  off.
5	OMG was so happy when they opened in Vegas. Even though the Vegas namesakes are good all time fav is bacon chili chz dog & fries of course - amazing! Staff is always friendly & keep the place lookin nice.
4	If you are hungry in Vegas, and are trying to eat on a budget, go here. it is right by he Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile shops entry on the strip, and also conveniently located next to another great place Earl of Sandwich.
3	Maybe it's because we don't have a pink's in norcal, but I always end up eating here once when I'm in LV.Love the number of hot dog variants they have available.It's a lot of food, for not much $.Everyone should try the classic chili cheese w/ raw onions and yellow mustard at least once.Great garlic fries.No indoor seating, minimal outdoor seating.  Take it to go or post up somewhere inside the PH casino.
3	Something isn't the same with Pink's here vs LA, I know the names are different - i stood there searching for my Martha Steward dog.  Anyway, ordered the show girl and chili cheese fries.  Fries were really good but my Show Girl wasn't the same as LA... maybe it's the waiting in line for over an hour and it just tastes better because you earned it...hmmm well 3 stars because there's barely anywhere to eat your dog, the outside patio has a couple of tables and then you kinda just look like a bum
1	This is the worst hot dog I've ever had for $12 .  Cold n messed up my order n then told me to get back in a long line to rectify.  I can name a half dozen places in Chicago with a dog ten times better.  I will not be back!
3	This is for anyone who DGAF about what they eat and who don't care about taste. I'm not really ripping this place apart but it's basically a bunch of junk food all combined on a hot dog or a burrito.I had a bite of my friend's chili cheese burrito with hotdogs, cheese, and lots of beef. The fries were thin and crispy but too salty. It's really good if you're suffering from a hangover (since this was in Vegas, lol) but I wouldn't eat this on my own willI would save Pink's for my Vegas diet whenever I come back: alcohol and fatty foods.
5	While I was in Vegas in Oct this was one of my must stops... and boy it didn't disappoint! I am not even a big hot dog fan, just wanted to give it a shot since I heard the one in SoCal was great. I think the one I ordered was the Show Girl and after the bus ride back to our hotel it was cold but still delicious lol. At $20 for 2 hot dogs, it was a little pricey but I will definitely go back next time I am in LV or LA and make sure I eat it while it's still hot!
3	I'd never seen such a wide and unique selection of hot dogs before! However, the reason I give it 3 stars is because c'mon...they're still hot dogs hahaha. I also felt like the food was overpriced.I remember getting a hot dog (Las Vegas Strip?) that had cheese, chili, and guac on top. It actually came with 2 hot dog weiners. It was extremeeeeeely filling but it also cost like $9 after tax. I think that hot dogs should never have to cost that much, unless the sausages are the classiest of all hot dog sausages.
4	Pink's is located near PH towers so I was finally able to see what the hype was all about!!! It's really small inside, there's no seating area inside, but they have a small patio, so if you come here on a cold/windy night like I did, I'd suggest to take your food to go!Since it was my first time, I asked the girl working there what she'd recommend! She recommended the polish dog, which was definitely one of my favorite! it was huge! The bacon chili cheese dog was also good! I was starving after an hour and a  half of walking the strip and going in and out of casinos, so I was able to finish my hotdog with some chili cheese fries!!! The chili cheese fries will cost you a little over five dollars! But one order is a lot!
5	This is the only time I would spend $8 on a hot dog.  Whenever my friends and I go to Vegas we come here for lunch.  I love the wide variety of flavors, although my favorite would be the Mel B Dog; and I always leave pretty full.  I definitely recommend this place if you're wandering the middle of the strip and you want to grab something quick.
4	The food here is served in huge portions. It's also good, but greasy. The hot dogs taste really good and the chili cheese fries are good because of the cheese sauce used instead of shredded cheese. It's a good place to eat if you're on the strip and want something not pretentious. It's all normal fast food with huge portions and tastes good.
4	Being from LA and seeing this-- I was like "OH HELL YES! NO LINES!"Came here on a buzzin' night, and I was some-what satisfied... if only I could remember my favorite dog. But instead, I ordered some dog with mushrooms and mayonnaise, and it was decent. I wouldn't say it was AMAZING, but I was satisfied.There was no wait, and the cashier was beyond friendly.Overall, this place was pretty good-- if you LOVE hot dogs. The pricing was pretty cheap too, so this place is definitely a place for those who are low on cash. I wouldn't mind coming back next time either!Turn Ons:-NO LINES.Turn Offs:-None
4	My friends and I came here for breakfast around 1pm after a night at XS. We've had Earl's 2 or 3 times by this point in the trip and we wanted to mix it up. It was a Monday morning, so there was pretty much no line. I'm a guac/avocado type guy so I had the Kim Kardashian and I thought it was pretty good.  It's basically a BLT+guac hotdog.We sat on the patio and it was a very relaxing meal. The food wasn't too heavy and it felt like the perfect amount at the time. I didn't think the food was overpriced or overhyped at all (very different than most of my other reviews)  Sure you are paying almost $10 for a hotdog and Earl's is right there but its all relative. You could compare the hotdog to the 24 hour cafes in the area and the price is very reasonable.As long as there are no lines or just short lines, I'd go back and try it again. Besides crossing my fingers and hoping it would be free, there's nothing I'd really change about the hot dog I had or the experience,  just like the  singer Pink says, "you are perrrrfect to me" (not really my favorite song but it's my poor attempt to be clever with names)
2	Really excited to finally try Pink's hot dogs, certainly a visit I'll never forget. I can't even remember which dogs we ordered but it was all just ok not as great as I thought it would be. My dog consisted of two dogs with guacamole, nacho cheese, and onions. My fiance's was jalapenos, nacho cheese, guac, and tomato,  threw in some chili cheese fries too. I also ordered an alcoholic drink lemonade slushy but it was just filling and not strong at all. So the reason I will never forget this place is because we stopped here before we made our way back home to Riverside. As soon as we hit the road my tummy started growling and hurting alot. We reached a rest stop on the 15 fwy and I ran as fast as I could and then all hell broke loose! I'd never experienced anything like it. I felt so weak after and we had such a long way to go, do you know how scary it was to drive for hours and not know when the next restroom stop would come. We bought lots of pepto bismol and thankfully no accidents occurred lol. I know this story is really embarrassing but I just want to warn others , stock up on some pepto and if you do eat here don't do it before a 4 hour drive home hahaha.
3	Why did I go for the chili dog? I don't like american cheese (it's for hillbillies) and....I don't like Chili unless it's in a bowl served by my mother....Sooo....I scraped everything off and I enjoyed the after taste of chili on my hot dog.Disa opted for the brooklyn dog....(or the heart attack dog) lol but she enjoyed it I believe it was topped with pastrami.all in all I shouldn't have went crazy....it's really expensive.....two dogs two drinks was about $20....I'm from chicago...if the dog isn't $1.95....I'm looking for the gold flakes!
4	I got the groupon ($7 for $15 at Pinks) so I took the family. Overall the food is great, I had the bacon chili cheese dog, knife and fork needed! Husband had thePASTRAMI SWISS CHEESE BURGER, my daughter got the BACON BURRITO DOG, it is huge and very messy. My other daughter got the nacho chili cheese dog.The hot dogs them selves are big, very good flavor and a nice snap. The chili is bean free and wonderful on hotdogs, not spicy just good flavor, & how can you go wrong added bacon to anything?? We shared fries very good thin crisp shoesting style and onion rings, nice batter but not as crisp as I would likePink's is a fun place to eat Strip side and people watch. I will warn you its pricey, I added a souvenir cup (the small one $13.50) so AFTER the groupon my check was still $42
4	Margaritas to go! Come here grab your yard stick to-go and proceed to explore the rest of the Vegas Strip drink in hand!
1	After the concert and drinking all that beer, a chili dog would have hit the spot.  I roll up to Pink's Hot Dogs expecting a great hot dog experience and a meal to quiet that growling in my belly...  It wasn't.It was actually very disgusting.  And some how...2 chili dogs, 1 order of fries, and 2 Gatorades cost me $23!  If I went to Sonic, it would have been about half that price and taste 5x better.I got the hot dog about 4 minutes after my order was completed.  The hot dogs didn't even taste like they were cooked completely, and the chili...well that was the most disgusting part...  The chili tasted like it was just squeezed out of whatever bag it came from and put directly on my hot dogs.  It was pasty and gritty, and was barely warmed up.  And the taste of the chili....well it tasted DISGUSTING!The fries were okay.  At least they were cooked.  They server those skinny, little, shoe-string fries BTW like at Steak & Shake.Also, no person who worked for the casino had any idea where this place was.  We literally had to just wander around until we found it on our own.I will never ever go back and try that place again.
5	I've had Pink's in LA and PH. The most AMAZING Chili Cheese dogs I dont get anything else...Their chili is mouth watering.My only problem is I wish the Vegas location was in a better spot. It's really hard to get to unless your staying in one of the surrounding hotels. Maybe that's why they don't have 100+ people in line? It's a little pricy too but well worth it if I was in the area.
3	After exploring the strip thus far, I noticed a familiar LA sign..but in the middle of the strip in Vegas at Planet Hollywood..no way! Unlike the LA location this place was not so crowded. I knew I had to verify if this was the real deal Pinks or not. No way better to test my curiosity than to grab my favorite Pinks items, the chili cheese dog and chili cheese fries. As I was placing my order, I noticed the menu was somewhat different. When I got my food, it looked as delicious as the original in LA, but definitely did not taste the same. Needless to say of course the Hollywood theme hotel would want one of LA's famous eateries in their establishment. Though it is flattering to bestow such honor upon Pinks, the quality of the classic Pinks was not there. It is cool to see this out in Vegas and they serve alcohol and collectible Pinks cups, but it just isn't the same.
3	I'd eaten at the LA Pink's a number of times before I tried the Vegas Pink's, and the Vegas one definitely pales in comparison to the original. The menu is different! A lot of my favorites from the LA one were not available at the Vegas one, which was disappointing. The hot dogs here are good, but not amazingly delicious like the ones at the LA Pink's, so I'm probably biased in that sense.On the plus side, the line in Vegas is wayyy shorter than the line in LA probably ever will be. I was here during MLK weekend and there was practically NO LINE at a relatively normal dinner hour. It's really tiny inside, so even if there's only 5 people waiting to order, the line will already be "out the door." There's no indoor seating, but there are a few tables outside. We just took our food and sat inside in the seating area for Earl's. (shhh)tl;dr: If you've had the original Pink's you'll probably be disappointed, but if you want a quick, cheap meal, this will probably hit the spot.
3	I was staying at the Cosmo across the street and needed some quick food to fuel the gambling so walk over to Pink's. The chili dog I had was delicious and the patio on the Strip watching the three card monte game was great. I was trying to figure who was in on the game (the shill, I believe it's called). Great fun. Great food for what it is.
3	Ok food, you really eat here for the star power
4	Love it.
1	WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!!! This place got me hella sick!  A whole day in Vegas ruined!!!   Never eat the chili!!!Right after I ate the hotdog, my stomach was killing me.  I had the runs and I threw up.A whole night in Vegas spent lying in bed sick because of this.
4	I'm a big fan of Pink's, being from the LA area so I was happy to try out the one here in Vegas.  I came here with my family and luckily we were able to take advantage of the Groupon deal a couple of weeks before.  All 3 of us opted for the Chicago Dog, except I had it with a regular hot dog instead of the polish sausage.  The dogs are loaded with toppings.  The casing around the dog has a nice snap when you bite into it and tastes just as good as the Pink's in LA.  The French fries are shoestring fries which I happen to looove.  I'm not a fan of fat fries, so these were perfect and crispy.  I'm not sure if the make their onion rings but those are also fantastic, just the right amount of breading and cooked perfectly.  It was chilly out so I also ordered a hot chocolate only to find the gal behind the counted mixing up a pouch of the powdered stuff with water.... Boo! Oh well, the hot dogs were what we came for and they sure did hit the spot. Also, you can get a naked dog and add ketchup, mustard, onions, relish and pickles for no charge... Yum!
4	After a day of drinking on the strip it doesn't get much better than a hot dog smothered in chilli and cheese. Open late. It was worth the calories!
4	Great value for the money.  The outdoor seating can be problematic if it is windy, but the food is decent, and the prices are reasonable, especially considering the location on the strip.I've tried the Polish Dog, the Brooklyn Pastrami Dog, Chili Cheese Fries, and Onion Rings so far, and would recommend any of them.
4	After eating at Pink's LA twice on a trip a few months ago, I was ecstatic to eat at their Vegas location.  Hey who am I kidding, I was beyond ecstatic, excited more like it truth be told.LOCATION:  Pink's Las Vegas is one of the numerous eateries at the Miracle Mile Shops at the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino.  Please note that Pink's is NOT located within the Miracle Mile Shops.  The entrance and entire eatery can be accessed only externally from the shops themselves.  If you know where Earl of Sandwich is located, walk directly to the nearest doors that exit to Las Vegas blvd and there you will find hot dog mecca.I noticed that 2 things were exactly the same at this location:  The menu, of course, and the line!  The wait time was nowhere near that of the LA location, but I really didn't expect that many people to be waiting to be quite honest.FOOD:  My friend and I both decided to order a chili cheese dog each and shared a side of fries with nacho cheese.  PRICE:  Price$ are slightly higher than LA......this is Vega$ after all.SEATING:  All available seating, like the LA location, is first come first serve and is all outdoors.  Some tables have a covering provided while others do not.AWESOME: One of the best things about this location is that.....credit cards, namely Visa, MC, and AMEX are accepted!!  Bottom Line:  I'll absolutely be back on a future trip to Vegas!
5	awesome dogs!!! fast service! oh and tip the dudes outside they work harder than you think!
3	Pink's is located right outside the Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino. Small inside, however large patio outside. If you haven't tried a Pink's Hot Dog, you have to if you're in Vegas. It's fast and easy, but not the cheapest. But is anything is Vegas cheap?Everything is made to order which is nice; I ordered the Bacon Chili Cheese Dog with a side of Onion Rings. The bacon was crisp, the chili was nice and meaty, but the cheese seemed like liquid nacho cheese...however, the onion rings were fresh. My friend's tried the Planet Hollywood Dog and they enjoyed that as well.
4	Pretty good stuff. I recommend this place.What up dawg?Yous hawt!Ok, those are all the jokes I got. Peace!
4	sure you're gonna get a salt bomb in your mouth.. but getting a hot dog at pink's is different from your local hot dog shop.. they got plenty of different ways to dress your dog.. and the prices are cheap.. it's even better when you have been drinking.. and i fully recommend this place over earl's inside planet hollywood
2	Fell way short of all the hype. From what I'm reading, LA is better, but I can't imagine them being that much better. For starters, I did not care for the hard casings on the dogs. Flavor was not that great either. I really think this place gets by on their image more than their food.
5	Probably one of the best hot dogs I've ever eaten.  I had the Las Vegas Strip Dog, Mushroom Swiss Dog and the Bacon Chili Dog.  The line was long, but went fast and the dogs were served quickly as well.  I'd recommend this place to all my friends when they go to Las Vegas.
3	Pink's sits at the base of the Planet Hollywood. Their dogs are ridiculous. Its definitely not the healthiest thing you can find in Vegas but its probably the best for the price. These dogs will conquer any hangover or give you enough energy to power through another late night. This is a must have during any Vegas trip.
4	I was mildly impressed by the Pink's in Hollywood, but was pleasantly surprised by the Las Vegas location, conveniently located in the Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino.  One of my main complaints about the Southern California location is the fact that while the dogs were tasty, they were too small.  No such problem at this location.
1	Very expensive for over processed food. I don't mind paying good money for good food but this was not good. The mushrooms were canned, onion rings were frozen and the cheese sauce was like cheez-whiz. If Pinks is the hot dog of the stars, they have pretty low standards. We won't be back.
2	A: Im not a Pinks fan in generalB: The OG one on Melrose gets way too ass packed and the dogs aren't worth the wait. C: The Universal Citywalk one is better b/c suddenly the dogs are proportionate to the wait (its usually a short line and the prices aren't super high despite being at citywalk) And last and probably least.....D: HERE there is a longish line and......DIFFERENT QUALITY DOGS and NO Spicy POLISH Dog? NO SPICY POLISH??? one of their classic top selling dogs??? I wouldnt bother...
3	I have been to Pinks a few times in Los Angeles but this is my first time here in Vegas. Compared to back home, which is in LA, I think I'll choose the one in LA. But since my boyfriend never had Pinks in either location, I decided to pop his Pinks hot dog cherry. WHOA that sounded a little inappropriate lol. But here goes:My boyfriend ordered the Planet Hollywood dog which is loaded with bacon, cheese, mushroom, and err did i mention bacon?! and i ordered the pastrami Britain dog which is just a regular hot dog with Swiss cheese and pastrami. Holy moly, the planet Hollywood dog is monstrous compared to my pastrami dog. If you put then next to each other, it looks like umm you know what evolving. Boy becomes a man. Haha. Since the polish dog and the bacon overload was too much for the buns, it looked quite messy. Well, with two hot dogs, a side of fries, and a coke... Our total was $18. Bull!Pros:-short line... Fast food-addicting fries and onion rings-good portion... Very filling for me especially the fries-opens late so it's good for after clubbing or unless you're a fatty like me and wants to have a midnight dinner err snack..-they sell jello shots hereCons:-even though the line is short, it's so boring. I like that rush of excitement where you see people all hyped up about it order a ton of food and end up not finishing it-very greasy... Made my buns soggy -overpriced hot dogs that I can get at Costco for only $1.50 with a free drink-outdoor seatings only-my boyfriend wasnt satisfied so it made me look bad. I have to take him to the one in LA
2	I don't understand all of the hype of this place $30 bucks for two hot dogs and a drink......maybe celebrities can afford to eat here.....but I can't
3	Never quite had the patience to stand in line in LA for this place - tried 2x and gave up before the line even curved towards the front. Sorry, but I'll only wait in line for Hot Doug's in Chicago. We're in Vegas, there's a PInk's here (right in front of the Planet Hollywood hotel), there was no line, and I figured it was worth a shot. I had the chili dog - hot dog itself was very good - well spiced, no "weird bits", and nice snap. The chili tasted fine, but the texture was gluey and kind of unappetizing. I ended up taking most of it off the hot dog. Husband had the Chicago Polish dog. Great flavor, but the skin was a bit tough. The fries were great though. Overall, 3 stars. Would come back if in the mood for a hot dog, but not a destination place.
4	Went to my first Pink's of any kind today. Heading into the first bite, I definitely did have high expectations, mainly because I was hungry, and also because the prices looked pretty darn high, even after accounting for the recent Groupon deal. However, keep in mind that this in in the heart of the Las Vegas Strip, so really you'd almost expect it to be pricey. It's not fair to compare this to Costco hot dogs on price.When I tried my friend's chili cheese dog, my eyes, taste buds, and probably everything else just lit up. Yeah, hunger is the best sauce or whatever, but every component of that dog - bun, sausage, chili, and grilled onions - was really delicious and made me wish that I had chosen it. Instead, I had gone with the Planet Hollywood dog, which was also quite tasty with bacon and some sort of enhanced 'shrooms. I also loved the polish sausage, which is fatter than the normal wiener, and the nacho cheese went surprisingly well with the rest of the ingredients.We also shared some deluxe chili cheese fries, which had a crapload of toppings on them. In hindsight, if I had known how loaded the hot dogs would be, I would've ordered normal fries for about half the price because my friend was pretty much evacuating his toppings onto the fries. Oh well, live and learn.Anyway, I've seen the other reviews, and I'm sure it doesn't match everything that people like about the original Pink's - which I still hope to go to some day - but it's still good eating. Not considering the price, the only problem I have is that I'd rather go to Earl of Sandwich, which is right next door and which I love to death, so I might not really see this place much at all in the future. Oh well, it was yummy knowing you.
3	I only ate at Pink's because I have heard so much about the one in LA. It was better than most hot dogs, but not anything exceptional. That could have been because I didn't have a special type of dog. It was a great place for a quick bite before exploring the rest of the strip.
3	Pink's is okay.  I like that they have the option to sub a turkey or veggie dog.  I do not, however, enjoy the chewy casing on the hot dogs.  It's hard to bite through and kinda... rubbery.  Overall, I eat here sometimes because it's (usually) pretty quick and easy.  I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way, though.
1	04/19/12 DINNER.What misery. And sadness.After nearly 1.5 years of living in Las Vegas, this has to be one of the WORST meals we've ever had here.We used to go to the Pink's in LA a bit, as we lived in LA for a LONG time up until our move to Vegas in Dec 2010. So we expected SOME quality. Boy were we wrong. And even with a $15 coupon, it was WAY too expensive. RIDICULOUSLY expensive.Never again.I had a polish/pastrami "classic" thing, SUPPOSEDLY with swiss. (Swiss air?) Spouse had a "baja" dog, or some such (he was like "HOW did they remove ALL flavor from jalapenos?") and some polish thing. All were just awful.The fries were way too salty. Virtually inedible.Very sad, that we can't get the Pink's of yesteryear. (Then again, we've heard sad rumors about the original, too, but we can't vouch, as we haven't been in so long.)So avoid this joint, if you know better!PS And you know what the WORST thing about this is? This franchise of Pink's is run by Block 16 Hospitality, the same people that brought to LV the following restaurants: Holstein's, LBS Burgers, Barrymore, Public House. I've been to 3 out of 4 of those, and have been from "quite pleased" to downright "in awe". So this failure in their portfolio should be jettisoned IMMEDIATELY!
3	It's Pink's. It's fast. It's cheap food on the strip.There was absolutely no line when we walked in on a Tuesday night for pre-clubbing eats. It does however make me wonder why the one back in LA always has a long line?I like that their menu specifies that their Veggie Burger is vegan. It's $6.79. It's decent. I added guacamole to mine: http://su.pr/96mSDn$1.79 is a lot for guacamole. But I feel like the burger would've sucked without it.I bet it would taste even better with grilled mushrooms but I would have to pay another $1.49 to add that.I guess it's kinda cool that they serve jello shots. Even though vegan me didn't have one, my friends paid $20 for six shots and it came with free french fries: http://su.pr/5TALb6
1	You know what? This place is just as disappointing as the one in LA, minus the waiting time.Let's start with the fries. Thin, too crispy, hallow. It's like McD's fries but hallowed out. And the cheese they throw on for the chili cheese fries is disgusting nacho-cheese type shit that comes from a huge industrial container type thing. It's gross.The hotdogs are less than stellar. They don't taste anything better than what I can buy at a supermarket. Let's talk toppings. Just as bad. Why are my mushrooms cold, wet, and straight out of a can? Canned mushrooms are disgusting. Especially when they're still wet. My swiss is not even half melted.You get one point for being fast, and decently cheap. And you open until 1am. Guys, don't come here. Go inside Planet Hollywood, turn the corner, and visit Earl of Sandwiches. They're open 24hrs.
3	What can i say, i am a hot dog fan. Their dogs are good. The Hollywood location is sort of an experience to go to, stand in line, etc. Pretty much same food except a little more expensive here. I still like the naked dog with coleslaw. The line is usually short, the service quick and you get to sit outside and people watch. We go when we have a groupon or visitors from out of town but not a regular stop. Keeping with the Las Vegas Strip tradition, they do serve adult type beverages (beer, slushies, jello shots.) They also have Pepsi products.
3	Came here with the Groupon deal.  I already knew before hand that it's very expensive hotdog.  Given it's on the Strip, so expect to pay more.  Had the Mojave and Vegas Strip dog.  Very nicely done, the wait was okay and seating is limited.  Giving this a 3 stars because it tasted good, but honestly I wouldn't pay full price for the dogs.
4	Overpriced for a hot dog, but you do get a huge ass wiener.I'm a girl that craves nacho cheese after midnight, so the Mojave Dog was the hot dog of choice and boy did it hit the spot.  I'm glad they were open at 2AM  and I didn't have to go looking for a 7-11.  :)
3	This should probably be a 3.5 star review - but since you can't do that, and I can't give Pink's a 4 star review, I'm going with the 3. I ended up ordering a chili-cheese dog and a dog with mustard, sauerkraut and relish. Although not the best hot dogs I've ever had, I do have to say that they were probably the most FILLED hot dogs I've ever had. There was almost a bowl full of chili on the chili-cheese dog, and a pot full of kraut on the other dog. So if you're hungry, I would definitely go here. I had to eat both of my hot dogs (didn't finish them..lol..) with a fork and knife - there is THAT much stuff on them. If you aren't starving, do yourself a favor and order ONE hot dog. Also, if you want to have fries - you can split an order amongst 3 people - they're HUGE. But, size doesn't always equate to quality, and the quality of the dogs is just a little lacking (not much though).
2	I had heard a lot about the LA location, so I was excited to see that a Vegas location popped up at Planet Hollywood...this is, until I actually ate there.The hotdogs were okay but way overpriced, along with everything else here.  It's good for a quick late night snack or a stop and go lunch while walking the strip, but this definitely shouldn't be a place that's sought out, because you will end up disappointed and lighter in your wallet than you'd care to be.
4	I have never been to the orginal in LA, but did have one from the OC Fair  booth and it was bad! So to say I wasn't looking forward to this was a understatement, but  it was good . We both got the hot dog burrito and we should have just got one cause that would have filled us both up. They have great fries also and cost a little bit but what doesn't in Vegas.
5	I've always heard about Pink's while living in Colorado and I actually discovered it by watching the Travel Channel best eats show. The location in Atlanta is the prime location for Pink's but the one out here in Vegas is on point as well! I had my very first experience 5 days ago and ordered the Bacon Chili Cheese Dog and and Corona to wash it down. Needless to say I smashed it! LOL But it was so much food I didn't know where to begin and take my first bite. Whatever you do bite high and at an angle or it'll be all over the place. Then bite low at an angle on the 2nd bite, and repeat! My new favorite place to get a quick bite :-)
4	In my experience, finding a decent hot dog when you don't eat red meat or pork is pretty tough.  I had all but given up on the idea of enjoying a sloppy dog... that is, until I went to Pink's.  I had friends in town who were massively hungover, so they chose Pink's Hot Dogs as their pick-me-up spot.  I usually just order a side dish (hello, fried food) at this type of joint, but then something caught my eye.  A quarter-pound turkey hot dog??  Could it be???I took the chance, and ordered the turkey dog with a simple dressing of ketchup and relish.  I keep it classic.  And what they served looked more like a kielbasa or bratwurst, it was so big.  Thick, juicy, and great flavor.  Success!  Long story longer, I will definitely be visiting Pink's again.  Great location, great atmosphere (outside seating), and great food.  The onion rings and cheese fries rocked as well.  Bravo, Pink's!
5	I've been wanting to try this for a while after seeing it on a food network special.  While in Vegas, this was my first and last meal.  The first meal was a classic dog with chili, mustard, onions, and tomatoes (possibly cheese too but i can't remember for sure).  The last meal of my trip was a life saver after a very long night out.  I got the guacamole burger (with a scoop of chili on top).  It was a amazing, the chili had great flavor and the onion rings with guacamole were a nice touch as well.
2	For all the hype and love this place gets, it really isn't good. In fact, it was gross. I'd rather go to mcdonalds, at least bad food is cheap there. The hot dog, the actual meat part of it tasted acceptable, but not good. And they were too skinny. Skinny hot dogs are for suckers. Go big or go home. If I get a dog, I want it to be mostly meat inside the bun and all the other toppings pouring out of the top of it. Thats a hot dog. A skinny hot dog covered in onions is as dissatisfying as, well a skinny hot dog covered in onions. The "grilled" onions had clearly only been acquainted with the grill top for a few seconds before hoping on to the long twig that was my hot dog, and didn't have any of that yummy caramelized taste that real grilled onions have. The pastrami was plain and dry. Call me picky but isn't pastrami supposed to taste like something other than newspaper? I've never had pastrami this disgusting. And I've had a lot of pastrami in my time. You can make yourself a better dog for a 5th of the price by going to the deli section at your local grocery store. This was like an imitation that reminds you of a real hot dog, if a real hot dog were a gross, tasteless and pathetic lump of turd.The only thing keeping this from being a 1 star review was that they sell booze. And I was able to finish half of my friend's giant margarita and get enough of a brain freeze to forget how gross and skinny that hot dog was.
3	I love hot dogs!  It is my go-to, guilty pleasure when I am hungry in between meals.  Trying to find a good one in Vegas use to be very tough until I found Pink's right outside Planet Hollywood.  You can pretty much have any style dog with any toppings your heart desires.  I had an all beef dog loaded with sauerkraut, grilled onions and peppers and plenty of mustard.  It was delish!  My only complaint here is that the people taking your order are rude and seem rushed.  The seating is horrible.  We sat outside and pigeons constantly invade your space which is very annoying.  I actually saw idiots feeding them which only encourages them to stick around.  In addition to this, the place was unclean which really turns me off.  I will still stop here on future visits but will get my dog to go.
2	Visited here in May thanks to a Groupon. Basically ordered a plain hot dog, fries and a drink. I had some money left over on my groupon so I bought some cookies, which i gave away. I was very disappointed by the hot dog, the bun was dry and the meat was hard, almost crunchy. It was very long but very thin and didn't taste good at all. The fries were okay, but they were very thin. Overall, I was disappointed by the hot dog, it was definitely more hype than substance.
3	This place was only okay. I've been hearing rave reviews on Pinks for a while so I came here expecting something great. Yes, the hotdog was good but I could've done without it. It tasted like a regular hotdog & was way overpriced for what it turned out to be! I enjoyed the mist fans more than the actual food!!
4	Was out in Vegas for a quick and cheap getaway and  did the casino thing and took plenty of pics but now it was time for lunch after walking the strip and taking in sites.I had a groupon coupon for Pinks Hotdogs. I think it for $15.00 off my purchase and for me it won't take me long .A chillidog,onion rings and a powerade-large for all the walking.First bite was that snap in the dog that reminds me of the dogs in NYC off the push carts in midtown or on Fordham Rd in The Bronx days,Onion rings were crisp and hot and the Powerade well I needed it.Sat outside on the patio and watched the people on the Strip go by and as they watched me digg into my meal.Had a good talk with the staff and you get that loud "welcome to Pinks" when you enter the door.Wish they had one near me..**,
3	The variety of toppings you can have on your hot dog is pretty amazing (i.e. the different types you can get)....bacon on top, pastrami, etc... weird.... but not too shabby. I wasn't adventurous to try the ones with bacon on them, but adventurous to try a mushroom swiss dog instead of the plain hot dog. haha $7 for a mushroom swiss dog and I thought it was not bad at all. The portion was decent, LOTS of mayo (which I love) and they did not skimp on the mushrooms. I have to say though, if the mushrooms were grilled, it would've received more stars for me because non-grilled mushrooms just don't taste the same. However, if you just want a quick bite to carry you onto your next activity, this is not a bad stop.
1	eiw. i am not into the texture of these hot dogs. i cant believe this place is supposed to be famous???!!!!!!!!!the hot dog has a weird crunch when you bite into it and break the skin.super weird. erked. does anyone else feel the same?
3	While playing tourist this weekend, we decided to try Pink's Hot Dogs and see what the buzz was about (and we had a Groupon, so that helped influence the decision).The Chicago Dog was HUGE.  Holy crap, I wasn't really expecting that large of a dog, but I guess that is why they are $7+.Everything was fresh and pretty good.  Not super great to make me want to go back immediately, but wouldn't turn it down if someone in town wanted me to stop in with them.
2	So I'm not really a hot dog person but since they had so many different kinds I wanted to try this place out. I had the Big Man dog, my sister had the mushroom Swiss and the Bf had the Mojave Dog. His was good but messy it started to break apart. Mines was Blah, I should have just got a plain hot dog with ketchup! My sis said hers was ok a little bland. So for 3 hot dogs and a side of fries it was not worth the 27 plus bucks I spent!
3	Pink's serves a good dog. But with all the hype I expected more. The toppings are unique and the dogs are good sized, but at $8/$9 a pop they should be. Thanks to Groupon, the wife and I have been here twice in the last month. Both times we waddled away very content. We had a variety of dogs, Polish dogs, and even a Pastrami/hot dog burrito. All very good. The onion rings are thick and crunchy. I'm a great fan of Windy City Beefs-N-Dogs on Lake Mead, so I'm not sure if I will be back, but it was fun trying Pink's out.
3	First off, this is nothing like the Pinks in LA. I've been living in San Diego for a year now, after having lived in LA and I miss Pinks. So when I was in Vegas and saw Pinks on the strip I got really excited. As soon as I walked in, I should have known. This place is everything pink and looks like a retro 50's diner. This caught me off guard considering the real Pinks is basically a rundown bungalow covered in photographs and the only thing that's actually pink is the sign out front. Next was the menu. I didn't recognize a single 'special hot dog'. The original Pinks special hot dogs either have a LA themed name or are named after a celebrity. The Pinks in Las Vegas has special dogs named with a Las Vegas theme. So I had to ask the girl at the front counter if they knew which dogs were renamed and which dog was the Martha Stewart dog. She had a list behind the counter that listed which special hot dogs were renamed but she told me that most of their special dogs were not their own creations, not renamed dogs from the original location. Uhhhh... ok. So basically this Pinks is a completely different restaurant with the name Pinks slapped on.Now for the food. I ordered a Chili Cheese Dog (with a Polish sausage subbed for the hot dog) with mustard and a side of fries, totally $13 and some odd cents. I waited a few minutes and my order number was called. I went to retrieve my food and got really confused as soon as I saw the French fries which are nothing like the LA Pinks French fries. I made a comment to the person who gave me my food about it looking nothing like food from the original Pinks, and a woman, also from LA, walked up behind me and said the same. So was the food good? Yeah, it was decent. But not worth the 13 bucks I spent on it. The shoe-string fries were nothing like the Cajun fries (that the LA Pinks serves) I was expecting but the were good nonetheless. Worth the $5.99 I paid for them? No. But that's what you get for eating on the strip. The Polish sausage was pretty good and the chili was... not so flavorful. But overall I'm glad I tried it.The verdict: if you're on the strip near Planet Hollywood and craving hot dogs, this is probably the best you'll find. However, if you're a lover of the original Pinks and have your heart set on your usual order, don't come here. You'll leave with a craving that wasn't curbed, disappointed, and with a wallet that weighs less than when you walked in.
3	Call me cheap, but without a deal, I would not have come to Pink's on my own account, knowing it's hyped, mediocre, and over-priced hot dogs. Luckily, I used a Groupon deal that allowed me to try Pink's at an affordable price.The stand is located outside the Miracle Mile shops, with no access from the Planet Hollywood casino. We learned that the hard way. -_-I ordered the Brooklyn Pastrami Swiss Cheese Dog. I like keeping my dogs plain, and dressed with mustard. So I enjoyed this dog, but would have liked it even more if the pastrami came out hot, rather than lukewarm.I also sampled some of the bf's Bacon Burrito Dog (2 dogs, bacon, chili, cheese, onions). We ordered the dog without onions, but it came out standard, so he brought it back to have it re-made. The cook was nice about it, probably because there was hardly a line at 4 pm, and served up a new one within 3 minutes, spit-free! It was interesting... glad we tried, but wouldn't order it again. It is also best eaten with the wrapper, because the burrito drips chili grease... yum!With our $15 Groupon, we had to fork out a whopping $0.52. Overall, $7.52... I would not mind paying that price, but $15.52 is a bit steep for 2 dogs. I'd rather use that money to buy 2 sammiches from Earl's inside. I'll be back once I get my hands on another deal!
3	Expensive for just plain old hot dogs. Upon arriving in Vegas on my previous trip, this was my first stop with my friends for lunch. Since my friend's mom had made spam musubis for the plane ride, I didn't really have enough room to be too adventurous when I ate here. I ended up just getting a plain hot dog with BBQ sauce. However, my one friend got a hot dog with bacon and onions while another friend of mine got the bacon burrito. The bacon burrito was not bad, but it was OILY. The oil was literally dripping out of the wrapping. I'm not afraid of oil, but for some reason this made me feel kinda gross. Although my first experience here at Pink's wasn't a bad one, I don't think I will be returning. The price is a little too much (I think it was like $5 for onion rings? ... uhhh, I'll pass) and the food isn't extremely amazing - I would be more satisfied with a $1.50 Costco Hot Dog that comes with a drink.
4	(+) Planet Hollywood Polish Sausage... *drooooools. It's a polish sausage with BACON, nacho cheese, tomatoes, grilled mushrooms... Omg drooooool(+) nice water condensation spray things outside so it's nice and cool when you're waiting in line outside(+) smaller menus placed around the seating area so you can decide before you line up and slowly reach the bigger menu inside(-) outdoor seating only. And it's not exactly a lot of tables and seats(-) fan is conveniently placed near a trash can so that when you attempt to throw away your empty hot dog tray and lightweight napkins, it kinda just flies everywhere... make it to the trashcan w/o anything flying off your tray? CHALLENGE ACCEPTED.(-) hot dog looks wimpy compared to the polish sausage
3	They're messy, massive, and meaty!  That pretty much sums up my hot dog.I had the "show girl" dog which was fairly simply.  I honestly can't remember what was in it;  just a lot of relish, onions, and bacon, I think.  Eh, it wasn't too memorable.  Maybe I just wasn't in the hotdog mood or maybe not drunk enough to devour the beast of a meal.But, besides the food, it has a great location, right in the heart of the strip.  You'll be able to see the Bellagio's fountain show, people watch, and just relax! So, the meal wasn't too memorable but what was memorable atmosphere of this quasi famous establishment.  Like they say, it's all about the location, location, location!
3	Pretty good food here I would recommend anyone try it for a great dog.
5	Pinks... you've done it again. I told you, I can't see you anymore. It's too good. Your too good...Instead of trying to get the craziest hot dog on the menu, I decided to go with the Showgirl dog which was AMAZING. (It wasn't the alcohol talking either, it was sober by that time already!) I just checked the online menu but doesn't seem to exist on the main site. It might be a special hot dog JUST at the vegas pinks (can anyone at the LA pinks confirm this?)It had onions, relish, sauerkraut and diced tomatoes over a hot dog smothered with the perfect amount of sour cream. It is highly recommended. I gave pinks lower than 5 stars in the past. This hot dog just brought it up to a 5! Please try the showgirl dog!
4	I had the chili dog and the chili cheese fries for ~11 with a 10% off coupon. - Love the chili! Enjoyed that there were no big beans. - Fries were crispy, thin and addicting. - Dog is juicy. great flavor. - Expensive, but understandable. popular. taste is justified but price is slightly too much even with a discount.- Seating stinks. Smokers. ^___^!!
2	So much to choose from!!  So much $$$!! And soooo disappointing!!  I was anxious to try this place because I heard how great it was, but other than the fact that the original Cali location has been around for years, I really don't get what the hype is all about.  Yes, there are a ton of different dogs to choose from, and the food itself doesn't taste bad, but it just wasn't that great, and definitely not worth the $25 for 2 hot dogs, 1 order of fries, and 1 drink that the hubby and I got.  I'd much rather go to Weinerschnitzel.
2	Meh. I've experienced better... exactly what I was thinking!After all the hype I've heard about the famous Pink's Hot Dogs in LA, I SERIOUSLY thought I would have been blown away by the experience... Maybe its because of the hype that shot my expectations through the roof, but wouldn't you think with all the hype, it should at least make me want to come back for more? But I'm the kind of girl that always gives a place the benefit of the doubt, perhaps I ordered something not-so-amazing on the menu -- The Pastrami Reuben Dog, I honestly thought this was a pretty good choice!! Equipped with hot dog, pastrami, mustard, swiss cheese & sauerkraut... I mean its not the fattiest of the bunch, but lets be honest the scorching hot weather was taking a negative toll on my appetite. Regardless of my choice, I had the chance to have a bite of a few others -- The Planet Hollywood, The Vegas Strip Dog, Chili Cheese Fries... Nothing really sang to me ya know? In other words, I was hoping for more, something more memorable and amazing rather than just a meal to fill me up. I think I'll give the LA Pink's a chance, but if that doesn't change my mind, who knows what will.
4	stop here for a good hotdog. can get a bit messy real quick. crowded, long line, and the drunk ppl can get kind of annoying, but hey its the strip! all in all great tasting.
3	I had the PH Hotdog and it was pretty good.  It's loaded w/ bacon, grilled onions, nacho cheese, and some mushrooms.  The nacho cheese kinda masked the taste of the polish sausage, I think next time I'll get it w/ just a light amount of cheese.  The hotdog itself is pretty huge too (to the point it's almost difficult to eat lol).  The price tag is reasonable, at $9 I felt this was a decent deal.My buddies ordered some weird stuff that had hotdogs wrapped in tortillas or actual burritos.  I'd pass on this weird stuff as it didn't look good.  If you are coming to Pinks then order a hot dog, don't order this weird stuff.  That's like ordering a burger at a Taco joint lol. TIP--Grab a FAT TUESDAY just in the same shopping plaza of PH!  -Pass on getting the onion rings (rating 2/5).  They were so sweet they tasted horrible-Eating only availabe in the outdoor patio.  So if it's in the middle of the day I probably wouldn't eat here.  Just come here for late night eats
4	I love this place!!! I wouldn't eat it three times a day, though!Food: AMAZING! The hot dogs here aren't your average dogs, one will get you good! I had the PH dog and the chili cheese fries on my last visit and i barely finished the hot dog and made a tiny dent on the fries! Their hod dogs are no joke and are loaded with the goods! My boyfriend tried the hot dog burrito and that thing had three hot dogs and a bunch of other stuff wrapped in a tortilla! Took him a while to finish it!Drinks: Just because the place is called pinks and they come in pink cups does not mean they're light. They're good enough to get you a good buzz and the jello shots should be called jello bullets because they're so strong!Service: Maybe I'm just lucky, but out of all of the times I've been here, I've always had great customer service! The cashier is always friendly and the food always comes right away. I never really have to wait too long. This place is highly recommended and also a place where I have to stop by every time I'm in Vegas!
3	I had the PH dog and must have used 100 napkins. It was good but very difficult to eat and messy. I thought the onion rings were average but good. Nothing to really write home about. I think next time I will go with a basic dog so I can eat it with my hands like you are suppose to eat a hot dog.
4	Great hot dog!  Their reputation preceded them because I've heard about how famous Pink's is in Los Angeles and I was happy to see that there was one so close to the Bellagio.I went with a friend of mind around noon.  Pinks is right in front of Planet Hollywood adjacent to the street.  The wait when we got there was only a few minutes but since it was 105 degrees, it was a little uncomfortable.I ordered the bacon chili cheese dog, a drink, and the chili cheese fries.  The total came out to be just under $17 which is a little steep, but I guess it is to be expected in Las Vegas.  When the food came, I immediately thought, "how am I supposed to fit this in my mouth." (insert that's what she said joke)   There was a normal sized hot dog underneath a mountain of bacon, tomatoes, onions, and chili.  I literally could not pick it up unless I risked having all the insides falling off of my plate.  I had to grab a knife and fork to tackle the foot long an inch at a time.  It tasted fantastic and i could feel my eyes getting heavier immediately from the food induced coma the meat from the chili was putting me in.After I finished my hot dog filled with 3 slices of bacon goodness, I was very stuffed.  I'm usually one with a decent size appetite but the high fatty food filled me up quick. ...and then there were the chili cheese fries to deal with.  It looked as though the workers used a bucket to pour on the chili since there was so much of it and I knew immediately that I had to take it to go and offer it as communal fries.  The few bites I could squeeze into my already full stomach were delicious.  The texture and the size of the fries were crispy and thinner than traditional fries but it worked.  Its definitely worth a try and I would totally go to Pink's again.
4	Just ate there a few days ago. Not really a Chicago dog that I love, but they have crazy toppings . The chili cheese dog was good.
2	I guess it was all the hype surrounding this place is One of the reasons for DISAPPOINTMENT. The casing on the hotdog was inedible so couldn't finish it, the chili was awful and made the bun soggy, the cheese usually buffers this. I like biting into a plump juicy hotdog, this was not. The onion rings were good.  The line was long but moved right along and there wasn't a lot of seating the people seemed to leave in good increments so the tables opened up. So if you like hotdogs DON'T go here. If all you want are some onion rings and a soda then by all means go..
3	Pink's is Pink'sA hot dog is a hot dogI got the Chi style dogThis was not an OG Chi dogI have been to ChiChicago does not have lettuce on the dog, they put a whole pickle (not relish) and they add a whole chili pepperThis did not happenDid I eat it?Yes3 stars (absolutely no wait)This is not ChicagoThis is Las VegasThat is not the Eiffel towernor is that the Empire state buildingSo it's not a real Chicago dog, it's a replica.....like everything in Vegas.
2	After seeing so many television programs about Pink's and how amazing it is, I had to try it when I was in Vegas.  I ordered the Planet Hollywood dog which is a polish sausage in a bun with grilled onions, grilled mushroom, bacon, and nacho cheese.  The onions and mushrooms were scarce and barely grilled. The nacho cheese was just the normal nacho cheese you get anywhere else.  There were about 5 strips of crispy bacon, but that didn't seem to justify the price of $8.99.  The sausage wasn't even particularly amazing either.  I also didn't like how cramped the doorway and overall space was.  Only two parties can stand in line before people must wait outside in the 100+ degree weather.  While the seating area did have fans, they were so powerful that they were more bothersome than pleasant - my napkins kept flying away and my hair flew in my face!I'm glad I checked it off of my places to try, but I wouldn't go back again.  I'd much rather spend $1.50 at Costco and get a soda as well!
1	In the mood for a bland,over prices dog? This is your spot.
3	First time here and had the showgirl dog, daughter had naked dog and hubby had Kim Kardashian and Showgirl dogs.  Daughter and I loved ours. Hubby was not too keen on the Kardashian dog because it was a polish one but he loves the showgirl dog.  We would come back again. Had it in the late evening and sat  outside and people watched.  We would come back again and try out the other items they have to offer.  It was a bit pricey though for four four dogs and three drinks came to about $50 and that was with a 10% off coupon we got from our hotel.
3	Good hotdogs, expensive prices.Nice crunchy outside flavorful inside. can't complain...other than the prices.but hey you're in vegas on the strip, can't be no cheapass
3	Not too impressed. We had the hollywood dog and he Brooklyn pastrami.Price- pretty expensive for hotdogs. Got the two mentioned above plus fries for $22.Quality- Pinks is known more for their toppings than actual hot dogs. The pastrami was very thin and dry and the cheese on the Hollywood dog was nacho cheese.Quantity- decent sized portions.Atmosphere- bit tacky with the celeb pics everywhere.Staff- nice peopleProbs won't go back.
2	I just did not have a great experience.  I didn't like the flavor of the hot dog (good snap, though) or chili.  The onion rings were pretty good.  The prices were crazy-high.
2	Pink's Hot Dogs was probably the most disappointing meal I had on my recent trip to Vegas.  The restaurant itself is really awkwardly oriented.  Pretty much, you walk in and the menu is on the wall one foot ahead of you.  Then one foot to the left, are the cash registers.  Order your food, grab your drink, and find a seat outside on the patio.  Now, this wouldn't sound too bad in any other city.  But this is Vegas.  If there is any line at all, this means you are waiting outside to order (waiting outside in the 115 degree heat).  Then, when you get your food, you're eating in the 115 degree heat because there isn't any indoor seating.  I ordered a regular hot dog with sauerkraut added.  It was very mediocre.  My boyfriend and sister ordered the specialty hot dogs.  They said there were just mediocre as well.  At the premium price tag, I was just expecting more.  But there was no difference between these dogs and the hot dogs from Costco.Advice: just walk a few more steps and grab a sandwich from Earl of Sandwich instead.
1	Expensive and tasted really bad. I will never eat at this place if I visit Vegas again.
2	Service: 3/5Food: 3/5Cleanliness: 2/5Price: 2/5 - so disappointing for the price.When I came here, it was my second time in Vegas, and I gotta admit. Vegas has wonderful food! I mean, everything I've tried eating in Vegas was supes yummy...but here... ukkk, seriously?...First of all there was way too much hype about this place and when I finally got here I was disappointed with the food and service. First all, the lady that took my order was alright, no smile, no HI, no "how are you doing?", just "what would you like?". mmmm negative. I get my burrito hot dog, and It tastes worst then weinersnitchel...great..I try the chili cheese fries one of my friends ordered and that tasted WAYYY better then the actual dish they SHOULD be known for. Let me tell you. The fries here are pretty good. I like skinny and crispy fries and Pink's fries were bomb.The actual cleanliness of the place? It's foggy/steamy when you step in. The kitchen is pretty much connected on a small strip-like building and the cashier is taking orders from the kitchen...and the only walk way you get is the walkway out to the patio where you eat/dine... If you find that clean, then I applaud to you.
2	This bad review is my fault.  I am a terrible person, but I came here and ordered a veggie dog with gauc.  Before I lose 100% credibility as a meat eater, I have to say that I had been in Vegas for DAYS already eating nothing but GREASY GREASY food...burgers fries and alcohol.  I don't think I had pooped since I got to Vegas...I'm serious, and the thought of trying a delicious chili cheese dog would probably make me puke.It I were to go right now, I would have gotten the BIGGEST MeatIEST delicious thing there.  But I have to review my guac veggie dog.I've eaten a fair share of veggie burgers and dogs, so that being said it wasn't bad.  My issue was that the consistency was off, not SUPER off like terrible, but I've had better.  The guac was not that good.  It wasn't like Chipotle or home made, but it was some like green spread that was thin and kind of looked like bird shit honestly.  Taste wise, it wasn't bad though.  I ate it and stole pastrami off my boyfriends for more flavor.  So, if you're in Vegas feeling as I was, try to get a salad with bacon instead of a veggie dog at Pinks.
5	Missing a few small features from the original in LA, but close enough. The guadalahara dog is always killer. If you dont know how good sour cream is on a hotdog, you better find out and pass on the word! The original does not serve vegas crap like corn dog bites or even fountain drinks, only cans and bottles of root beer. But guess they has to make some changes for LV. But overall food was great, but I wish my sister could have experienced it the same way I did in Cali. incase your having trouble finding it, its right next to PBR Bar on the ground level of PH facing the strip. Outdoor misters on the patio.
2	It did not live up to my expectations. I was expecting something much more. Maybe it was overhyped or maybe it wasn't good. But overall it's whatever. The weiner was average and the toppings are okay. 2 stars. (i'm being generous)
1	This place is hyped and overrated. I'd pick a costco polish sausage any day over this. AND, it's kind of a long wait for a friggin HOT DOG. gaahhh.
4	Came here on a Friday morning, May 11, 2012.$6 for a hot dog is not bad when you see how much they really stack on the condiments (chili, onions, tomatoes)... and that it's Vegas.  I never had one at the original location in Hollywood, so I can't tell you how they compare, if they're any different at all.  The Pink's at Planet Hollywood, though, I'll say I'm a fan of.  The cole slaw was mediocre, but it did make me feel healthier for balancing out the grease I ingested.The complaints about the firmness of the bun are spot-on -- you will need a fork to eat your chili dog.Glancing along the right side of the page reveals a lot of 2- and 3-star reviews and I think it's largely due to unmet expectations.  Let me enlighten you: come if you want something quick and greasy to fill up with, and don't want to stand in line at Earl's.(No, I did NOT mention stellar service, NOR did I mention cute decor).Worth making a trek to if you're on the opposite side of the strip?  (30-minute cab on summer weekends?)  No way!  Unless you're craving a decent chili dog.  If I'm in the area, this is another spot on my go-to list.
4	Pretty good hot dog . They have a bunch of different hot dogs that you could get so i feel like its worth it. Everyone says its the best hot dog place and its pretty good but i wouldnt say i would CRAVE pink's hot dogs.Definitely would come back here though...
4	OK, it's not the same as Cali and the food doesn't have celebrity names (they have a cheat sheet in case you only know it by the celeb name) but it's the same food. I hate going to the strip but I suffered through traffic and fatties to get to this hot dog restaurant. We went inside and ordered too much food and sat outside and ate. It was evening and we had a gorgeous view of the Mandarin, drunk people, and people asking for handouts.What's better than stuffing your face with a chili dog with the person you love? I think they sell alcohol too.
2	Don't bother its NOTHING like California's Famous "PINK's"First off If you've never tried LA Pinks, your missing out. A hot dog stand that's been free standing in the same location, with the same look since 1939. To my surprise I was super excited when I found out there's was going to be a Pinks inside Planet Hollywood.Food: I personally don't think this place is a "real" pinks location. The hot dog tastes WAY off than what I originally tasted in LA. The hotdogs were longer and thinner, more bread and also it tasted like rubber. Service: The service is pretty slow, the place is kind of small and it reminds me of Subway. You start your order at one end and you walk to the other to pay. I have no idea why people couldn't concept that idea because it seemed like the place was crowded with confused people looking for a line. Price: I believe in LA prices for Pinks are around $3.50-$5 bucks, reasonable. Nope not at Planet Hollywood it was about $8.95+ a hotdog. Honestly for the quality of food and the service combined it really wasn't worth it. Ambiance: outside seating, super hot it was pretty annoying. The place did feel vintage inside but it was very modernized. If your looking for the whole Pink's Experience go to LA. You won't find it here at Planet Hollywood.
2	Good for a quick bite on the strip. Tons of options. The famous chilli wasn't that good i was sick the rest of the day. My husband loved the one he had guadalajara dog i think it was called.
3	Nothing SpecialI wasn't aware that Pink's averaged 3 stars before I ate there.I had the Brooklyn Pastrami Swiss Cheese Dog which is basically "that."A tad bit over priced for hot dogs imoNo in-door seating
1	If I could post a zero, I would. Waited nearly an hour and a half for a taco!! Practically strained my arm flagging down the waitress. Brought the issue up with the manager, which then took another 15 minutes to get all of the food. Then it was cold on top of it!!Long wait, and this was after the lunch rush.Poor quality food. Had better tacos from Del Taco.Poorly trained server.
2	disappointed seeing how I came from LAthere isn't as much hot dogs as the other one they only have like 4 specialty dogs and the one in LA it covers the walls with their specialtiesthe food wasn't as good as LA might have been same things but it just didn't taste right with me
1	I went to the Vegas Pink's based on the reputation of the stand in LA which is legendary. I was sadly disappointed by this location. The hot dog was barely cooked and the chili was bland. Outdoor seating is the only option. It was also overpriced by about double of the original franchise. I wouldn't have minded paying but the meal was just not good. Come on Pink's! You can do better! I have not been to the original but I will visit someday. Check out my blog "Tales of a Flying Brick" for more details...
1	Had a groupon and decided to walk across the street for some hot dogs, one of our main vacation foods. Service was lackluster even for a hot dog stand and the hot dogs and buns tasted stale. It is pretty hard to mess up on hot dogs for us. I guess that explains the need for groupons for this chain.
3	I give this Pinks Hot dog 3 Stars it doesn't compare to the one in LA, but it still OK and it does have that snap when you bite in to it. But it just doesn't feel the same as the one in Cali. It located at Planet Hollywood, they only have outdoor seating which is OK, but the inside is very small and doesn't have all the choice they have in LA. I try the Planet Hollywood dog and it was good. I think I just like the old school hot dog place that I had in Vegas. It true the original is always better.
3	Pinks hotdogNomnomnom is what comes to mind when I am in Vegas and staying on the strip. When I need to get my grub on, and only want to pay a low price pinks is your spot. This is probably the place to go to when your craving a great priced hot dog or my personal favorite chili cheese fries that is about $8, but my lord do you get bang with your Buck cause the quantity is ridiculous.  You definitely find yourself full when trying to conquer this mountain.Since their style of customer service is made to order and quick, this is a great location when your on the go cause their have an option of getting your food togo.With great prices since your in Vegas, and great quantities, while having great taste all Pilates the same time you can't go wrong when you try pinks. One warning though if your looking for healthy, look somewhere else. With they style of food you definitely can help your hangover you might of gotten when you woke up. Definitely try this place next time you're on the strip.
1	Couldn't wait to try this place. My friends love it. Me on the other hand could careless for the overpriced hot dogs. I had the Mojave Dog. It was alright definitely not worth the $. The chili cheese fries were better than the Dog but that's not good enough for me to go back. I'm giving it 1 star because the employees are very nice!
1	This place is so overrated. Outdoor seating only in 100 degree weather is not okay. The food is crap and ridiculously unhealthy.  If I'm gonna add to my waistline, it at least is gonna be for something delicious. I think I felt my arteries clogging just looking at my uneaten hot dog. On top of THAT, $30 for two hot dogs and 2 beers is freakin crazy!
3	Lots of different types of hot-dogs, which was interesting to see. Somehow though I feel like I want my stomach pumped after eating here. I'm still giving 3 stars though... I'm sure it's just because I'm too old to be eating this stuff that it's not sitting right on my stomach. Oh, to be in my 20s again.
3	Tired of Earl's (impossible I know but after eating there 3x in one trip maybe you're craving something else)? There are a LOT of different varieties of hot dogs here. I was craving something nacho cheese -esque. I got the chili cheese dog one and it wasn't bad. Greasy food after a night out is sometimes what you're looking for and this place serves it for sure.
5	This is a hot dog review from someone who doesn't like/eat hotdogs. My fiancee was dying to eat here last year, and we just never got there. So this past August, staying in Paris, we were really close and made sure we tried it. It was our first stop off the plane. VERY good, different, original recipes. My fiancee had a hot dog with tons of stuff on it ( I dont even remember) and I had the polish sausage, topped with lots of other stuff. Delicious and it didn't repeat on me all day like I remember hot dogs doing when I last had one years ago. We also had their alcoholic lemonade, which was also great. Def recommend and we will be back!
2	I'm from LA & I know Pink's is a staple to locals out here. But just like Dodger dogs, I have and always will feel like Pink's is more hype than anything else. There is nothing remarkable about the dogs. They're good hot dogs, but nothing really ever blows you away...not when ordering one of their specialties or when adding all of your own favorite toppings.The kicker in LV is that Pink's costs more here! Boom. Can't say I'd stop back here when there's an Earl's so close by.
1	The reviews on here are being way to kind. If something tastes like dog food at 3:00 in the morning when you are drunk then you know it's baddddd. Just look at the pictures. The swiss cheese is squeeze cheese. This stuff is nasty. I had one bite of my hot dog and threw it in the garbage. Nuff said.
4	Pretty good, I had the Planet Hollywood dog, loaded with 3 strips of bacon, nacho cheese, mushrooms and onions. Pretty messy, which made it even better. I have always heard good things and wasn't disappointed. I have heard the one in LA is better, but I mean really, it was pretty great, and honestly, it's a hot dog...my expectations were met and exceeded even. Downside: Only outdoor seating, I was glad I brought a jacket. Also, I asked for water and they gave me a cup that holds 4 ounces. It was like taking water shots. Give me a break with that, I understand you're not making money by me drinking water, but it's a convenience issue for your customer, don't you think? Having to run back and forth 7 times for water in one meal=Super annoying.
2	We got the nacho chili cheese hot dog and the planet hollywood polish sausage. The nacho chili cheese was pretty good, especially with the free jalapenos. The planet hollywood sucked, and the funny thing is, we thought that we would like that better since it was a special...wrong. This place is just so so, nothing special really. Also, my bf ended up getting sick after he ate here. We will not be back.
4	I love hotdogs so when a friend told me about Pinks I had to try this place.   They offer many different style hot dogs standard, Kelly style and vegetarian.  I tried the standard hot dog with chilli, onions and mustard....Wow! This combo was incredible!. The chilli was very tasty mixed with meat and beans it really made the hot dog taste out of this world. If you like hot dogs you must try this place, the onion rings are pretty damn good also.  A message for my Connecticut Yelpers in New Britain.....Capital Lunch who??.....I'm serious!
4	I had never been to Pink's before, but had a Groupon that was running out, and so we ventured out for dinner on a late Thursday night to beat the deadline.  No problem, right?  By all appearances, it was just an unremarkable Thursday night.  So off to Planet Hollywood we went.  But when we pulled up to Valet Parking behind three stretch limos, and no valet was in sight, something seemed off.  Then I saw that we were about six blocks from the valet stand, again with no valet in view.  So, off to self-parking we went, with uniformed police everywhere, to find a parking spot.  At length we found one--the only one.  Something unusual was definitely going on.So, Diane and I walked from the parking garage into the Miracle Mile shops, and walked and walked.  As we finally reached the entrance to Planet Hollywood on the other side of the shopping promenade, 9 uniformed sheriff's deputies were assembled together, and fashionably suited males and well-dressed females were everywhere.  About then I realized that we had left the Groupon in the car.  Oh, well (sigh).  I decided that I wasn't going to walk all the way back and return again just to save a mere $5!  So, we continued on and out the main doors until we finally saw Pink's facing Las Vegas Boulevard, and examined the vast menu on the wall before making our selections.This story does end well.  I really enjoyed my Brooklyn Pastrami Swiss Cheese Dog with pickles, onions, mustard, and sauerkraut added, on a soft Old Country bun.  It included a generous amount of tender pastrami, and although the hot dog was thin, it was long and had a very nice snap to it when one bit into the casing.  Beer-battered Onion Rings and nicely salted Shoestring Fries were both good and tasty.  And I liked the mild Nacho Cheese Sauce for dipping my Fries, while Diane enjoyed Mini Corn Dogs.  To my surprise, one single hot dog sufficed to quell my appetite.  And, there were free refills of lemonade and all other available soft drinks.  The place is nothing fancy, seating is all outside, and there is only counter service.  But staff members were friendly and helpful.  We had a nice view of the Strip before us, but it was a mite cold and windy at 10:47 p.m.  Heat lamps were present, but not in service.  Hard driving music overhead added to the casual ambiance.  So, we finished our food, walked all the way back to the car, and left the parking lot as we were directed out by at least 6 police officers.  Just as we were turning onto Tropicana Avenue, Diane asked the last officer if she knew what was going on at Planet Hollywood, and was told, "Soul Train Awards!"Now I'm sort of glad that I still have my Groupon for Pink's, which, as luck would have it, does not really expire for another month.  For, it means that I can return again soon to enjoy another tasty classic dog!
4	I love hot dogs but this is just too much in just a slender bun. It's not even a hot dog anymore when you have to cut it with a knife and eat it with a fork since it's too much stuff going on trying to fit in your mouth.The shoe strings chili cheese fries are really good.
5	Came here with friends who have actually waited in the long lines of the LA Pink's Hot Dogs to eat, so had to try it.First, let me say that I love hotdogs.  And this place serves so many topping combinations it is amazing.  But when you start with an awesome dog to begin with, you really can't go wrong.  The buns were great, and the hotdogs are awesome.  Can't wait to come back and try more dogs from their wide variety menu.  The fries were a perfect breaded-crispy that I like too.  Also, they seem to be one of the few establishments that serve Dr. Pepper on the strip, which my boyfriend and I fully appreciated.
4	I went here twice while I was in Vegas. Don't trust my review though, since I wasn't exactly sober LOL.The first night, I went for the chili cheese dog. From what I can remember, it was freaking amazing. My best friend told me I scarfed it down.The second day, I went for the mushroom dog (I forgot the exact name). It was just A-ok.Definitely going back when I go back to Vegas though :)
2	I didn't think there was anything special about this place, perhaps the one in LA is better. We decided to try this place since we have heard about the original location and since it was in Vegas we thought why not. First the hot dogs are nothing special, not horrible, nor great either even with the special toppings. Second it's pretty expensive per hot dog, if I remember correctly around 8 or 9 bucks a hot dog. Maybe I'll try the LA location some day but I doubt I will come back here.
4	YUMMY! Way better than Nathan's Famous in NY. So glad I tried it w/o the long wait like LA.
4	Been here a couple times now and we are fans of the chili cheese dogs and the pastrami dog wrap thing!  Fries are crisp and tasty as well.
3	So here goes, I will say the one thing bad about this place has got to be the price. I guess with it being on the strip, one has to overlook that. But, I had gotten the Polish Sausage with pastrami, swiss, onions and mustard. and they charge 7.79$!!! Wow, thats a lot of money. Now with that being said, the dog itself was good. The Pastrami, wasn't juicy but it also wasn't dry. I usually like my pastrami, juicy, and a little bit of fat on the outside. The Polish itself was the highlight. The first bite, it's juices ran down my lip and onto my jaw. Great flavor and a great crunch. With that being said, I don't know if I am sold on it being an 8$ dog....plus tax of course.
4	I just had to have one, so I ordered the classic chili dog, it was what I expected.
2	had a groupon and now kind of wish i didn't was hoping for a good dog but ended up with an upset belly
3	I enjoyed my hot dog. My friend had mini corn dogs and they made her sick.
5	Second best hot dogs on Earth (First spot belongs to Pink's in Los Angeles).Can't beat the taste of the original chili dog.  Loaded chili fries was a new experience for us. Gut wrenching and delicious.
1	This place does not deserve to be called pinks hot dogs. I would give it a -2 if it let me. If you buy a hot dog and cook it yourself it would taste better. For anyone that has been to the original pinks hot dogs in LA, do not eat here. You might just cry. Pinks is known for their custom hot dog, this place uses the standard/plain hot dog you could probably find at Walmart.
3	Food is unimpressive.Drinks however.. try the lemonade or the margarita (both with alcohol) and you will not regret it!
3	Busy, crowded, energetic and a bit overpriced. The food is delicious. If I was looking to eat extremely unhealthy and not care about prices or calories, this would be the place I would choose to do it at.
3	Ok I guess.I came here before going to the Marquee with a couple of friends. Service is fast and they take credit which is nice, unlike the one in LA. I did not try their large drinks, instead opting to get one from the nearby Fat Tuesday's.I got a chili cheese dog and it did the job of filling me up. Nothing too special from what I remember.
2	There's not much to say... it's just a hot dog. The variety of toppings are fun, and it's a great place to save a few bucks, but the dog itself is just not that good. They also don't grill the bun so it's all soft and doesn't support the weight of a lot of toppings.
3	Came here twice during my weekend stay in Vegas. Food is alright. I had the Chicago dog the first time and the mushroom swiss the second. The Chicago dog is alright, but I kept comparing it to the one I had in Chicago so I wasn't particularly impressed. The mushroom swiss was good, but tasted slightly odd pairing those ingredients on a hot dog. Too much mayo. Some of the crazier concoctions that my friends tried seemed tastier. I had a bite of the chili cheese dog which was good as well as the spicy mojave which was piled ridiculously high. It's a good spot when you're sick of buffets and don't want to wait in the line for Earl's. Otherwise it's just whatever. They take card and the seating is limited to outside tables and chairs.
3	When you're in Vegas not many places to eat are cheap unless you're eating at McDonalds are the SUPER DELICIOUS Earl of Sandwich (which is literally a few seconds away from Pink's. This place was just a quick bite if you're trying to save money for gambling later or you just REALLY want a hotdog with extra things on it. If you really want to try a good hotdog eat at the Road Dog's food truck if you're ever in SJ.
2	Not nearly as good as the original in LA. One nice thing is the 3am closing time. Skip this outpost and save yourself for the original.
3	adecuate if you are drunk and need a bomb to sober up
4	While walking through PH, I decided to try Pink's. Let me just say, YUMMY!!! I had the western burger and I think I bite my finger on accident, because I was eating it si fast! LOL. It was so good and so reasonably priced. It was cooked to order and all veggies were fresh, crisp and perfectly layered. Yes, presentation means a lot as well.
3	Pink's is entering its 73rd year in business. Admittedly, when comparing prices with the original Los Angeles venue, the Vegas spot appears much more expensive. Predictable.Not really seeing a deathly spicy option (not saying that I was gonna find one), I got whatever could be interpreted as spicy to some people. The Spicy Mojave Dog ($8.49) was my choice. Yeah, you read that right. It was gonna basically be $9 with tax for a damn hot dog. Polish sausage, nacho cheese, pickled jalapenos, grilled onions, guacamole, and tomatoes.It looked and tasted like your basic hot dog bun here. With the larger Polish sausage and an abundance of toppings, it really needed one of those large gourmet buns to even give me a shot to pick it up. Fork and knife would have to do.Flavor-wise, it did the job. It's basically as good as I could have expected this to be. Great snap from the Polish dog. Nacho cheese felt like it came from a container. The veggies and the guacamole tasted fresh. My issue is simply the price. There's no way this poor panda would even want to pay around $9 for a hot dog, even if edible gold was attached to this sucker. Besides, I'd take the edible gold and try to extract monetary value from it anyway.I look at the Yelp reviews for the Los Angeles Pink's, and it's around a three-star average, same as the Vegas spot. Any complaints are likely directed at the price or the hot dog not living up to the hype. The line's also longer in L.A., so that probably also affects the reviewer's rating. Still, it makes me wonder if the Los Angeles spot is better.Pink's was good for the experience. I can't complain much about the food other than not being able to pick it up. But I also don't want my wallet to have a reason to riot again.
2	I'm so sorry but I wasn't very impressed by this place . There hot dogs were okay and the chili cheese hotdog I had better .  I found them to be a bit over priced . I spent 16 dollars on a plain hot dog and a bacon cheese hot dog with a soda  which I think is way too much for just 3 items , I tried them twice and both times I could have done with out . Maybe I went on bad days but what can I do I will stick to my cliff dogs and Nathans any day sorry pinks
3	I went for lunch the other day and had a chili cheese dog with bacon and maybe it's just me but it was $13.27 for that and onion rings and a small soda which I thought was a little high.  The hotdog itself was good and onion rings were good, but a small portion.  The chilli etc was just fair and net net I think it was a little over priced for the money.
5	Small hole in the wall restaurant. Great prices. I ordered the Vegas Showgirl Hot Dog, it was very delicious. Average sized hot dog with lots of toppings. Friendly cashier. Will definitely come back time and time again.
3	For the longest time, two places have sat at the top fo my Vegas To Try list - CraftSteak...and Pink's.  Yep, I know.  Quite possibly the only time those two will ever be #1 and #2 on the same list.  For anything.  Ever.Unlike Earl of Sandwich, which had its usual, ridiculous line going on, nary a person could be found at the at counter at Pink's.  Perfect for us since we just wanted a quick lunch before our flight...and because we probably took 10 minutes to figure out what to get from their giant menu board (it took me so long, I swear they all started to sound the same...).  Although it wasn't one of the sexier options, I ordered the POLISH PASTRAMI SWISS CHEESE DOG ($8.49), and tried some for the CHILI CHEESE FRIES ($6.79) that my friend had ordered for our group to share.  Topped with Pastrami, Swiss Cheese, and Mustard (forgot to add on the Sour Kraut), the polish wasn't bad but hardly exciting (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pinks-hot-dogs-las-vegas-2?select=ii0a_yyiuQlFKWpttNFiMA#2Cd3mM114U75Fre4_Z9ong).  While the Polish sausage itself was fine (who knew it went so well with Swiss cheese?), the shreds of pastrami were really dry and a bit salty.  The Chili Cheese Fries were guiltfully tasty though (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pinks-hot-dogs-las-vegas-2?select=ii0a_yyiuQlFKWpttNFiMA#ZCy7uTuIMph17rZSk5TtgA).  Not so much for the cheese sauce (because it's, you know, cheese sauce), but because their chili is surprisingly decent!  Plus...who doesn't love some good chili fries?All in all, I'd come back if I needed something relatively quick and simple, as well as to try some of the more unique and "exotic" combinations (stomach ache on a plane?  Ummm...no).  Pink's is probably one of the better bets around based on convenience alone, but at about $8 a pop, they do an even better job of making me appreciate Costco's $1.50 Polish and a drink that much more.
3	Famous by name. PINK's Hot Dog is to blame. I've heard about this opening, and decided to check out the store front in LA while visiting. Then checked out the location n the Las Vegas Strip. It was an O-k hot dog, though it had the pickins' it was overly priced. This one is for the tourist on the go - wanting to experience what Las Vegas has to offer. Limited choices, which is different from the LA location. I wouldn't personally go down the strip for these dawgs.
4	Hits the spot. Four stars for salty fries and polish dog. Location in LA better though...
2	I've heard a lot of buzz around Pink's so when my girlfriends and I were in Vegas last month, we made sure to stop by. I ordered the bacon burrito dog which is a tortilla with hot dogs, bacon, chilli, and cheese. While it wasn't bad, it wasn't anything amazing either. I found it a little too oily for my liking (which i guess shouldn't be surprising given the ingredients) and a little overpriced for a hot dog. I can spend $8 elsewhere and get more value.
1	In all honesty, there is no reason to visit Pink's hot dogs. No reason if you are a tourist, I can assure you, wherever you are from, you have better hot dogs. And especially if you are local, there is no reason at all when you have Buldogi's on two different sides of town. The quality of the dogs is sub-par and the toppings are nothing to brag about either. And the price, holy cow! Nothing merits the price tag, which by the way cannot be found on their website. I also trie dthe chili cheese fries, which were ok, but then, Buldogi's makes their chili in house so there's really no comparison.
2	I heard a lot of great things about Pink's so when in Vegas we decided to give it a shot.  It was a cute little building but the prices were ridiculous.. It cost me over $11 just for a hotdog, fries and a drink.  The thing I disliked the most was the only seating they had was outside.  We sat outside and had birds on our table.  I had to dump most of my food because the birds were flying around and sitting practically on top of me.  Wouldn't go back.
4	We go here every time we are in Vegas.   We preffer them to Nathans thats for sure.  The hot dogs are bigger and have more flavor.  Its not the easiert place to find.  In fact we had to help two local women find it and it took us a few tries.   The seating is certainly limited and is all outside but the food is always fresh.   The fries are good as well.   I personally like to make my own combination but my boyfriend like the Three Dog Night!   I am more of a mustart and onion kind of gal.  The best part is that you do not have to stand in line for hours like the original one but it is kind of cold to sit outside int he winter.
2	My boyfriend and I needed to grab a quick bite to eat in order to hold us over until the evening, so we stopped by  Pink's Hot Dogs. I've heard of famous Pink's, so I was excited to try out their food, though nothing beats Chicago's hotdogs, so I don't know what I was thinking! I got the Polish Pastrami Swiss Cheese Dog which sounds amazing, however, I couldn't have been more off! It had a very bland taste to it, despite everything that it came with. The hog dog itself is just OK, but the Pastrami pieces it came with were so dry, that it was almost hard to eat it. My bf had a regular hotdog which is hard to mess up, but he was also very disappointed. Besides the less than satisying taste, the prices are incredibly high as well.It's in a great location inside of PH, which was convienant for us since we were staying across the street, however, I will not be back to Pink's. I have Earl of Sandwich bookmarked for next time, which I regret not checking out due to the stellar reviews it has on Yelp.
2	Bacon chili cheese dog...Blah.
4	I didn't know there was a Pink's in Vegas and so when I walked by, I just had to stop in. It was packed in the outside seating area but the counter was free so there wasn't too bad of a wait and finding a table worked out pretty well too. I went with the Planet Hollywood Dog because the combo of bacon, nacho cheese and other grilled goodness was just too hard to pass up. When I got my food, there was no way to eat this thing with my hands, had to fork and knife-up for this one.While cutting through my first piece of deliciousness my knife melted at the steaming cheese and scorching hot polish dog. The knife was a mangled mess but fortunately my food was still intact...and what does my dumbass do?? I take a big ole bite of that crazy hot polish dog and burn the living bejesus out of my tongue!!! (all my fault too, but I just couldn't wait)Anyways... from what I was able to taste, the Planet Hollywood Dog was very flavorful and definitely filling. It was your typical gut-bomb type of food but do would you expect anything different??Just make sure to let it cool down a bit if it melts any of your utensils before taking a bite LOL.
4	We had a groupon for Jell-o Shots at Pink's. We had green apple, blueberry, & grape. We took them outside on the nice little patio area to people watch. The Jello-o shots were really good, and the outside seating is always a plus.
3	This is fast easy food. There's no real glamor to it. Usually there's a short line, but service is quick. You can get as much sauce as you want. I recommend getting a giant pinks hotdog cup with a cocktail. Blueberry jello shots are pretty gross...especially if you're pounding three. DO NOT RECOMMEND.It's a hot dog...it's decent. The location is convenient and for that 3 stars.
1	Having gone to the original Pink's Hot Dogs in California, this place is rather disappointing. I was excited to come as I ADORE the original. The juiciness, the fresh and hot fries, the casual seating all come together for a very hometown feel. This place had none of it. The hot dogs here tasted almost as if they were just quickly microwaved and thrown on a bun. Nothing special. The cheese seems different as well. The prices are also inflated, though I am not surprised as it is in the middle of the Strip. The shoestring fries didn't taste very fresh. The entire meal was a bit bland. My initial giddiness of having my very own Pink's hot dog available any time was completely deflated. :-/ I guess I will have to travel the hundreds of miles for my fix. The ORIGINAL is totally worth it.
2	So we went there to soak up some alcohol like everyone else on a Friday night after a hard night of clubbing. The service was prompt and the food hot. Hense the 2 stars. However it is worth noting that as a Chicagoan I have high expectations for hot dogs (and pizza of course). So when I walk in and saw Chicago style hot dog on the menu I got psyched! Wrong!My friend pointed out that it actually said "Chicago style POLISH." Now if you're from the Chi you know our polishes are called "Maxwell street polishes" and if you're a lil older you may even know them as "jew town polishes" but not Chicago style. But whatever. So my buddy orders one for shits and giggles. Ugh!He gets the thing and it's got lettuce, tomato, and relish (not even neon green). The eff? No celery salt? No peppers? No mustard? No grilled onions? Blasphemy! My polish was underwhelming too. I got grilled oinions and mustard on mine. It's worth noting however that the onions were chopped not grilled in slices. Gross! So does pinks do the job? Yes. Would I go back when I go to Vegas? Sure I guess. But please for the love of beans take Chicago off you menu if you can't get it right. K? Thanks!
2	I love watching food shows, including Throwdown with Bobby Flay. I remembered a few years ago that he visited the (original?) Pinks Hotdogs in Los Angeles, CA and thinking that if I ever got a chance to try their hotdogs, I would make sure to do so. I was generally disappointed with the overall experience; however, some of the positive aspects of the visit was fast, friendly service (though I went at about 11:30AM before a major lunch rush), and hot fresh food. I ordered the Chicago Polish hotdog and I'm not entirely sure what I expected, but was disappointed because when I go out to eat, I at least hope to have food that would be difficult or impossible for me to replicate at home. I have had better hotdogs in my own back yard. As a side I had the onion rings, which were hot and crispy, but didn't have an exciting or flavorful batter worth noting. Another unfortunate part of the experience was the annoying little birds that were very unafraid of people and kept landing on the table/nearby chairs expecting a free handout. I won't be going to this location again, but I'd be open to trying Pinks again, only in LA.
2	Tried to eat at Gordon Ramsay Burgr, but there was an hour and a half wait.  Pinks was right around the corner, so we decided to get a quick lunch.  I was with 5 other people. I ordered the polish bacon burrito.  The polish sausage was okay, the skin was tough.  I liked the bacon and the chili, but it was very, very, very greasy.  My tortilla was soaked and dripping with grease, it was disgusting.  The others that I was with ordered chili bacon dogs, no tortilla, still really greasy.  The Reuben dog that was ordered looked good.  The regular hot dog didnt really have all that much flavor, it was nothing special.  The fries were thin cut and crispy. I probably won't be back, nothing really special or different about the dogs.
4	Almost as good as the one in Hollywood!
5	Pink's Hot Dogs filling my dirty Vegas fantasies. Just kidding! Not really. Hot dogs are my guilty pleasure and when I'm wasted on the strip, I can't resist.  They have so many different choices and mine is the Showgirl. So good and they top those babies off well! Also, the french fries are on point. They're thin and perfectly crispy. Add some cheese and you're in heaven.
3	Good but not as good as the original in LA.
2	I can't comment on the food here, as I did not have any. I got a Groupon for Jello shots from Pinks. Oh. Em. Gee. These were the most disgusting things I have ever put in my mouth. They tasted like cough syrup, but worse. I would not recommend this to anyone...not even sure if they were made of real food substances. Eeeeeek.
1	SKIP THE DOGS! They're HORRIBLE! I mean, TERRIBLE! The chili was definitely delicious, so if you're really stuck on going here, grab the chili cheese fries and please save yourself the money and skip the dog. I've never been so adamant on telling someone to skip something as I am about this! The bun was stale, the dog itself was bad- it had that POP when you take your first bite, and though I know that is the goal of some places that serve dogs, I know that's not the goal for pinks and I'm pretty sure it poped because it was way overly old and over cooked. I'm sad to have to give a place with such a great reputation in LA such a bad review, but clearly they sold themselves out when coming to Vegas and just got dollar signs in their eyes without making sure the quality followed with them. I seriously have had MUCH BETTER hot dogs at the movie theater. I couldn't even finish my over-priced hot dog because it was THAT BAD. I know I sound like a snob, but I'm not, i promise. I was hungry after having a long day of walking and beers and all I wanted was a delicious juicy hot dog and this was very disappointing. I keep going on but it was that bad. Good luck to you if you ignore this and still get a dog, I pray I just caught them on a really really off and bad day, but from what I understand, I'm not too far off from what others were saying.Sorry friends!
4	Late Saturday night, I was craving something heavy and unhealthy like a cheesy burger or something similar. Walked around Miracle Mile but the burger joint was closed so I found Pink's Hot Dogs on the map right outside Planet Hollywood. The interior was claustrophobically cramped. Basically it's where you order and get your food and there are a lot of outdoor seating. I got their Vegas Strip Dog which consists of 2 hotdogs in 1 bun covered with chili, guacamole, cheese, onions, mustard and jalopenos for about 7 bucks. It was heavy but satisfying. It had many layers of flavors but was mild. But the main point is that my fix was satisfied.
2	I should know by now.  3 stars on Yelp is most likely a loser in my book.  Grease city! $25 for 2 dogs, 2 waters & 1 fries. Wide choice of toppings.
2	Believe it Yelpers-3 stars is mediocre at best  I gave Pink's 2 stars to get the point across.  Overpriced & lousy food. $25 for 2 hot dogs, fries & 2 waters! Maybe I shouldn't have turned my nose up at the tourists rolling out of Mac's!  The hot dog at Costco is better.
5	Best ever :) Great meal after a long night...
4	I've never been to a Pink's before but had to stop in because it's supposed to be famous and good. :-) I went in for a relatively early lunch.You order at the counter, wait for your food to come up, and eat outside, overlooking the Strip. There are notices asking people to not feed the birds, and I noticed the birds are a real problem. One actually got on my table and started making moves towards my lunch. I tried to wave it away, and it actually pecked me. O_O So be aware that birds are an issue, particularly if you're alone.I got a chili cheese dog with mustard and onions and some onion rings. The onion rings were right out of the fryer and good. The chili dog was good. I ate it with a fork--knives didn't seem to be available for some reason?Anyway, the food was good, but I don't think it was worth the price I paid. In other words, I paid something like $16 for what I felt was maybe $8 worth of hot dog and onion rings. It was good, but jeez, the price.
2	I've never had the iconic and famous Pink's in California, but this definitely makes them look bad and exploits that reputation. Right off the bat - it's on the strip and that should have been the first clue.Anyway. Do you like regular hot dogs but stretched out to strange and unnecessary lengths? Pink's is for you! Do you like suspiciously tasteless but visually appealing toppings? Pink's is for you!Honestly you probably guessed most of this already. It's a highly visible spot on the strip. It's going to suck because it's designed to churn out food by definition. But do yourself a favor and step through the doors and find Earl of Sandwich. You're welcome.
1	Staff was extremely rude and food was not good at all. We are really looking forward to going since we have seen the original on tv a few times and we love hot dogs...what a shame. Definitely wont go back or recommend.
2	Aww mannnnnn, this was a pretty big dissapointment in comparison to the Pink's in Hollywood.  I hit Pink's everytime im in LA and its always BOMB.com, but this was sub par and not really good at all.  They didn't have have a lot of the fun options that the PInk's in LA has and it didn't taste like anything special.  It honestly tasted like greasy, nasty like stadium food...wouldn't stop here again next time im in Vegas.
4	The hotdogs here are delicious.  They come out fast and the seating outside is perfect for people watching.  They will not accept Total Rewards comps.  I'm used to fast food stores closing or preparing to close before their closing hours.  However I walked in at 11:56pm and they happily made my hotdog.I saw a worker sneezing where all the food was being prepared.  Please go home if you are sick and don't spread it to all of us in Vegas.
3	Ok so I ordered two chili dogs, and although they weren't the most amazing hotdogs I have ever eaten, they were reasonably good. The skin on the hotdogs was a tad bit tough but not overwhelming. The chili had a peculiar but subtle taste (Not nasty or anything, just something I've never had and I'm not sure if it was for the better or worse....meh).I will say that the size of the hotdogs and the amount of fries are reasonable, and can satisfy any sensible eater. I agree with some of the other posters that the hotdogs can get a bit greasy, and also they only have outdoor seating so be aware if you decide to grab something to eat from here. But aside from that, I do think that Pink's Hot Dogs is in a excellent location on the Vegas strip. And with the restaurants outdoor seating makes eating at Pink's that much better. Especially during the more cooler evening hours when the night life of Vegas really comes to life.In the end I don't think that this Pink's Hot Dogs sells the kind of hotdogs that will convert you to an absolute hotdog lover but they are decent and decently satisfying. I feel that one of the main reasons I would go back to Pink's Hot Dogs is because of it's location. With their outside seating who can pass up the chance to sit outside while eating a relatively decent hotdog and enjoying the Vegas strip action.
1	I remember liking the Pink's in LA much more as I was growing up... These dogs were nothing special, the buns tasted stale, and the chilli on the dogs had way too much cinnamon...   The Onion Rings were bland and tasteless like all other frozen onion rings out there.I am disappoint. I miss LA for yet another reason.
4	I always like coming here when I go to Vegas because it's cheap (ish), tasty, and it doesn't take forever to get there because it's right on the outside of the Miracle Mile shops. I'm not a hot dog/pink's expert like maybe everyone else that reviewed this but I've been here a several times and never had a bad experience. I either get the spicy mojave dog or the vegas strip dog. Both are great if you like onions and jalapenos. The chili on the vegas strip dog is also pretty good and hits the spot if you're starving or hungover. The outdoor seating kind of sucks if it's prime lunch time because there's only about 12 small tables. All and all, Great food that's reasonably priced. Definitely going to keep coming here!
1	We were looking for something fast so we decided to stop here thinking it would be a quick and cheap stop. I know they have more of these in California and I heard they're pretty popular but after eating here, I cannot find a single reason why.I don't really like hot dogs (which maybe discredits my review) but my two other friends got hot dogs and nobody enjoyed their food. I got a cheeseburger which are usually hard to mess up. It wasn't burnt or anything but there was absolutely no flavor and the tomatoes were diced and the lettuce shredded. I get that shredded premade veggies may be easier but who puts diced tomatoes on a burger? It made it really messy to eat. And at almost 9 bucks for a standard burger (with no fries or drink) I expected a little more. My friends mushroom dog had mushrooms that tasted old and my other friend got the bacon chili dog. We all got halfway through and looked at each other with dissatisfied faces and tossed the rest. Sadly, I think you'd be better off at a McDonalds.Oh and to top it off some blaring alarm was going off the whole time and no one seemed to mind it or address to their customers that everything was fine or that it would be turned off shortly. I think it was the fire alarm, Idk lights were flashing and a siren going. I understand that it may have been out of their control, but I think good customer service would have acknowledged it and let the customer know the roof wasn't going to fall in or something like that.
3	We had a couple hot dogs, jello shots, and fries here. The jello shots were basically the same as what you would find anywhere else. The hot dogs were definitely good, but nothing about them seemed fantastic. Overall it was good and very convenient, but not anything spectacular
4	One of my Cali friends kept telling me about this place and I'm glad she did! I tried the chili dog, which was very tasty and kept me full for a long time! Only thing is if you eat outside... WATCH OUT FOR THE HUNGRY BIRDS!
3	The restaurant is located right outside Planet Hollywood on the strip. I immediately noticed the outdoor patio. Great spot to people watch. I tried the chili dog, the polish and chili cheese fries. They were all pretty good but nothing great. Price wise, I guess it's cheaper compared to the rest of the area.The whole time I was eating I just felt like they just missed the mark of the original. but maybe they didn't? is it possible that  the foods the same but the subtraction of Los Angeles detracts from the experience? I'm not quite sure.  A very improbable thing occurs when someone catches lightning in bottle. An even less probable thing is attempted when people try to catch the same lightning in a different bottle, in a different city.
5	Hot dogs are amazing.
5	Everything I expected and more. My hot dog was huge and kept me full for hours. The food was done quick and I love the outside patio.
3	A solid 3 stars. We came here because the line for Earl's were waaay too long. A few seconds walk away and we arrived at Pink's. There was absolutely NO line to order, the wait to get our food took only 5 minutes! Ridiculous! Thank you for saving us from our hunger!I had the spicy mojave hot dogs? It had: onions, guacamole, nacho cheese, jalapenos, hot dog. How do you go wrong with that? I haven't eaten in days due to EDC so  I gobbled that hot dog in seconds. It did however need a fork and knife to eat, or else it'd get messy. It was delicious and the jalapenos were spicy. Nothing special because it tasted like something I could make at home, just throw all the ingredients in one hot dog. My bf had the roast beef hot dog? Or was it pastrami... anyways the meat for the hot dog was thinner since there were other meats on it, he gobbled it quickly and was still hungry. Both our hot dogs came out to $18. A bit expensive.We sat outside in the patio which surprisingly wasn't too bad considering how freaken how it was outside. Will come back here if we're ever craving hot dogs! A bit expensive but beats standing in that long hour long line at Earl's. Service was great.
4	Snap of the dog is fantastic!  Chili dog was right temperature, chili tasted fine, and onions were a good mix.  Definitely a great snapping dog and a real distinct taste.Fast service, not much seating.
4	I've been wanting to try Pink's Hot dogs, since I've already tried Pink Taco.You ordered first and find a table outside afterwards. Came here around 9pm, so wasn't that busy. Fast service.I ordered The Spicy Mojave Dog and it was huge and delicious! So unhealthy, but so worth the calories!  I had to use utensils to eat my hotdog since it was falling apart because of so much toppings.
3	Even though I'm from Long Beach I've never been to the world famous Pink's in LA. I've been to Vegas countless times and have never been to the one at Planet Hollywood either. A friend from Florida wanted to go so we did. I had the Brooklyn Pastrami. It was a classic hot dog with a slice of swiss (I think, I can't remember; some white cheese), pastrami and mustard. It was good. The pastrami did not compare to Carnegie, but it was tender. The hot dog was better than what I make at home and definitely not the most expensive thing I've eaten on or off the strip. I'd totally go back!
3	Review for the $9.99 Groupon deal for five jello shots.Not much to say really. Groupon was easy to redeem. No line around 10 PM. Got the jello shots in grape and apple.. Wasn't really that good.
3	Mehhhh. I had high expectations for this place because I thought I saw it featured on Food Network at some point. I forgot their names but I ordered this hot dog with nacho cheese, bacon, and mushrooms and my girlfriend ordered one with nacho cheese, guacamole, tomatoes, and jalapenos. They were pretty good at first but we quickly became tired of the excess of toppings piled on top. Not bad though, and if you're looking for a cheap lunch in Vegas I would recommend this place.
4	We came here since we had the Groupon for 5 jello shots.  I got the chili cheese dog, my jello shots, and we split some fries smothered in chili, cheese sauce, sour cream, onions, and tomato.  The chili is really freakin good!  I loved my hot dog.  And the fries were amazing!  The portion was huge, plenty split between three people.  The jello shots came in grape, berry, and lime.  They were so gross!  Probably because they were 13% alcohol.  I did not enjoy them but had to do it anyways.
4	I loved my hot dog, it was awesome with a great flavor. The only reason I give it a 4 star is the onion rings were watery and obviously frozen.
1	Eww, this place was disgusting. The BF and I got the Chili Cheese Dog and the Pastrami Dog. 1) Chili cheese dog - the chili tasted like pureed ground beef. The texture was just disgusting almost like baby food. The hot dog itself was tasteless and lacked that crisp of the hot dog casing upon each bite. 2) The pastrami dog came with polish sausage with pastrami on top - this was also gross. The polish dog was tasteless. The pastrami smelled old. GROSS, DEFINITELY DO NOT RECOMMEND.
1	Should've went to Nathans!I visited Pinks 4th of July.. I was staying at Planet Hollywood so it was very convenient not too mention all the hooplah about it made me of course want to try it out for myself. This price is OVERPRICED .. the chili on the dogs is very bland... I don't know.. gave me heartburn or indigestion after.. the worse = (( even ordered the Las Vegas Dog which included bacon and tomatoes etc.. It was all just an overpriced wreckOh and the cheese was like a nacho cheese sauce or something.. Like the orange kind that comes out of a big can.. No Bueno!Like the other reviews said.. Keep walking.. So not worth the $20 for a huge wienie and some chili cheese fries...LOL
2	i've had hot dogs .I've had chili cheese fries. I've had mini corn dogs. Not all at once, naturally.But I also thought I had bulimia.Turns out, I just had Pink's. Great way to quickly hate yourself.
3	Not much of a hotdog person, but I was meeting some cousins and this is what they chose. I opted for the Chicago Polish which is nothing like a chicago style hot dog -  dressed in mustard, relish, tomatoes and lettuce? Weird. Anyway the polish sausage was pretty big and it had a nice snap to it when bitten, and the inside was nice and juicy and the flavor was pretty savory. Not bad.
4	The food is definitely 5 stars.  Their hotdogs are amazing.  It is a bit on the expensive side, so I gave it 4 stars, but this is no doubt one of the best place to get hot dogs in the world.  If you love hot dogs, you HAVE to try a pink's hot dog.
3	I was really excited to try Pink's but it was not what I expected. While the meal was good, it did not amaze. I guess my expectations were a bit high for a hot dog joint but i was expecting something more unique.I ordered the POLISH PASTRAMI SWISS CHEESE DOG with sauerkraut and onion rings on the side. As mentioned, good but normal and bit salty. I felt that I could just buy a polish at Costco and add the same items to it myself so it really wasn't worth the price. I really did enjoy the onion rings though.Wish they had some indoor seating options because it was pretty hot outside even with a shaded table right in front of the fan. A bit entertaining to watch people come out to the seating area and the fan would attack their napkins the instant they stepped out. Unfortunately that means a ton of napkins littered all over - big no no
3	Hmmmm, what should I say about Pink's? Every time I eat one of their delicious burrito dogs I know I'm in for some discomfort. The pressure builds up as it quickly passes through my system until the gates burst open with enough force to practically lift me off the seat. For some reason, I still occasionally subject myself to it because I really like their greasy ass chili.My favorite thing on the menu though is their burger. I've only tried one once, but it was a very pleasant surprise. With pastrami and swiss (no chili), it was better than most burger joints I've been to and it was much gentler on my guts.
4	Pretty good. I had a Chili cheese and it was like a coney from Texas only better. I really liked the actual dogs themselves. Good flavor and a little snap. I can see why they are a big deal in California.
2	Got the planet hollywood. Bacon is hella salty. Mushrooms are bland. Hella cheesy. Hella messy. Don't taste the onions.So big and unorganized that i couldnt bite it. Had to use a fork and knifeTotal $9.72
4	the burgers and hot dogs are great here. a quick good solid place to go to if you dont have or want to spend the time to go to a sitdown place.
3	I was a little disappointed..... I was there at an off hour, but that sadly meant the food was a bit off as well. Don't get me wrong the Brooklyn hot dog had great flavor, and the hot dog had a nice crunch, but it was Luke warm, and compared to the temp outside it was kind of like eating leftovers. Same with the onion rings.... Good flavor, but would of been better hot.I'd go again but make sure the food is served hot
2	I've heard about this place for a while, and finally got to try it. I've seen tons of pictures from friends on facebook and boy, do they look amazing and delicious! Well... now that I've had the chance to try it, the taste is not exactly as amazing as it looks. First of all, its definitely overpriced. I ordered the "Spicy Mojave Dog" thinking the nacho cheese (which I love), guac, and the spicy polish dog mixed together would be orgasmic. I don't know about what others think, but I thought the guac didn't have enough avocado in it for me to taste. The nacho cheese wasn't as cheesy as I would like, and so the only thing that actually met my expectation for taste was the polish dog itself. In the end, I wasn't even full! And neither were my friends. I guess this would be a good place to go if you were craving something greasy + hot dogs. I've had better hot dogs at local joints so I probably wouldn't choose to come back here if I had the choice out of all the places I could be eating at in Vegas. I was overall disappointed with the food quality especially when its priced at almost $10 a dog! If you're at Planet Hollywood, you might as well go for Earls.
4	Pinks Hot Dogs in LA is now in Vegas.  And truly, is that a bad thing?  Having one of these artery clogging bad boys after a night of debauchery just hits the spot.We ordered the chili cheese dog and the Planet Hollywood dogs.  There was a lot of food on the dog (mushrooms/bacon/cheese), and while it was extremely messy it was very good..  Finished it all, and I would do it again.  Since we stayed at Planet Hollywood we actually repeated the same meal after our second night of debauchery.Are they overpriced?  Yes, but a lot of things in Vegas are.  Should a buffet really be $30 or a burger be $16-18 without fries?  I think not, so when you drop $6-8 on a dog, it's not really that bad.
4	This was my first time at the Las Vegas Pinks. The line was long which is to be expected of such a famous place. In spite of the line the staff was efficient and pleasant. The place was clean and there were plenty if places to sit. The only problem that I had was the giant fan which continued to blow my napkins etc off of the table but it was a catch 22 because it was SO hot that without the fan we would have withered away lol! I would definitely revisit this place
4	Where I am from I can't get crazy stuff like this and it hit the spot after a couple drinks on the strip.
3	Just a cheap quick snack on the strip, nothing special about it at all. Not a good hot dog by any means. I'm a huge hot dog fan, and this spot is all name.
3	So the fries can feed two to three.  The dogs are topped to overflowing.  It was alright.  We were hungry and needed something fast.  I got the mini corn dogs and they were okay albeit a little over done.  :(Was hoping for water and I got watered lemonade... not a huge fan.  Especially when super thirsty.
1	Worst hotdog ever.... go across the st to earl sandwich.
3	Was tempted to give 2 stars, but I think that was just because I ordered something ridiculous--the 3 dog night. It was 3 hot dogs wrapped up in a tortilla with chili. That was an adult beverage influenced decision. Whoops. I would give it another try and get something more reasonable.
3	Their chili dog with nacho cheese is the bomb...!The best chili I ever had...!
3	I came here for dinner last Saturday before watching a movie at the Regal on the other side of the Casino.  I'm from LA and have been to the original Pinks, so my initial feelings were a bit mixed, but I decided to give a go.    We had about an hour before our movie started so we figured we had plenty of time to enjoy our meal.  A nice bonus of this location was that we were able to sit around the edge of the restaurant and watch college football in the sports betting area.  I was hoping that my Rival College team would lose, but I guess that is what I get for wishing ill on a team...even my rivals.If there were half stars I would have given Pink's 3.5, but I rounded down for a couple reasons.  One of reasons was that the speed of service left a bit to be desired.  It was a pretty busy Saturday night and they only had two people working (one in the kitchen and one at the register) so service was slow.  There was a part of me that thought the menu items were a little over priced...but I rounded down more for the slow serviceNow to the important part, the food:The Las Vegas hot dog - Came with cheese, chili, jalapenos, guacamole and two hot dogs.  This was definitely the better of the two dogs we tried.  It was a little less than $7.  Really though how can you not like chill and cheese on a hot dog...everything else was just a bonus.The Spicy Mojave (with sauerkraut) - The extra sauerkraut definitely saved this hot dog.  It just didn't seem like much without it, especially for almost $7.  Chili Cheese Fries - I think this was the highlight of the meal.  There was a great portion of chili and cheese.  And the fries were perfect.  They were a little thicker on than a pencil, crispy outside soft inside.If you are looking for some comfort fast food while watching a game...or many games at once...this could be a fun spot for you to hit.
2	This is nothing like Pink's in Hollywood. It doesn't compare. Chili cheese fries were not good. My hotdog with bacon and tomatoes was just bacon pieces on top. It wasn't bad but it wasn't good. I wouldn't come here again. I rather wait 30 minutes in line in Hollywood any day
3	Overpriced hot dogs. My friends told me that I had to try Pinks so I did. I was not impressed. It was okay. I had the Planet Hollywood dog. Maybe i needed to try a diff style hot dog.  One order of fries can feed 2 pple though.
4	Great place to sample some different encased meats! I would suggest only getting one dog because they are quite large. I suggest you sit on the patio and do some "people watching".
3	If you're into hot dogs, come to Pink's for some very large dogs that come in a wide variety of flavors and tastes. The hot dogs are heavily loaded, so bring your appetite!
2	Been to two pinks hot dogs now....The supposedly good one and this one and this one sucks.The hot dog just sucks. It's nasty. Make it  bearable by putting every condiment on it and put pastrami and whatever they have. Cause the dog just straight up sucks. Oh ya the service is not that great either. Small little place. Wouldn't go  if your drunk. Just go eat mcdonalds or pizza. Not this
3	Saw the place while walking from Aria to Planet Hollywood.  Not sure if its the same place but it reminded me of Pink's Pizza.  So we decided to make a pit stop and try it out.  I had the Planet Hollywood Hot Dog and I can tell you it ain't an easy hot dog to eat without your hands getting all messy.  I am a bit OCD and it annoys me to no end when my hands are all messy.  Okay enough of that rant.The hot dog just wasnt anything special and it didnt really stick out.  Heck, I dont even remember how it tasted like exactly just that i didnt care for it.  I mean it wasnt a bad hot dog but nothing just extraordinary.  Maybe others have a different opinion but whoknows.  Place was dead though... so i might not be alone on that thought.  There was a lot of foot traffic so it was fun to people watch.  I might come again and maybe try a smaller hot dog?  Won't knock a place unless you try it so come try it and maybe you will like it but probably not for me.
4	I love a good Hot Dog and Pink's did not disappoint!  I ordered the Nacho Chili Cheese Dog and a side of Onion Rings.  The Onion Rings were just so-so... but the Dog was awesome... great chili!  Thinking I'll try the fries next time.
3	OK. I don't know how much better than average these hot dogs are. Buns are standard. We ate the Planet Hollywood Dog, which had the potential to be a super guilty, but worth-it experience, but it was just that - standard ingredients of a polish sausage with grilled onions, mushrooms, and bacon with nacho cheese. You can probably just load it up like that at home and make it just as good, or better. Maybe I was just expecting more with the hype.
4	After an 8 hour flight & another hour for the shuttle to drive me to my hotel not to mention going to the airport 2 hours before departure, I can barely contain my hunger...you know how the airlines does not provide decent meals anymore...they just provide a snack of pretzel & peanuts with your soda...As soon as I arrive in my hotel, My friend came over & went out for some late night snack.  It was almost 11:00 pm so we walked down the strip and notice this small Pink's Hot Dogs stall right before the entrance of the Planet Hollywood, has a small seating area of around a dozen or less tables & decided to give it a try.  I am not really a Hot Dog fan but  the menu makes me want to try it...besides, Bellagio is right across where you can enjoy the dancing waters. We both had the Planet Hollywood Dogs which consists of Grilled mushrooms, Grilled Onions, Bacon& Cheese. Quite expensive for a hotdog paid around $20.00 but hey this is Vegas... You can add whatever condiment you want from the counter...ketchup or mustard or both, Fries & soda...it was very filling & enjoyed it so much.  This much I can say...the Hotdog is a lot longer than the bun....would I try it again..definitely!!!
4	just go to Pink's in LA. if you can't, the one in Vegas is fine. don't cry about it. you order from a large menu posted. the Reuben dog was godlike. how can you really complain about this delicious hot dog? they put a bunch of toppings on it, serve it to you hot, crispy and obese-friendly- why are you whining about it? thank you, Vegas! i love that i can get my Cali fixes here. ;)
4	I love their hot dogs it just a hassle to find a place to park then walk
3	The hot dogs there are good, not the greatest, but I like the different toppings and types of hot dogs they have. This wouldn't be a place I have to go to every time I'm in Vegas, but would definitely go if I wanted something quick and easy. The service was nice, quick, and friendly.Unfortunately, it was really windy the day we went so we had to stand inside at a very small counter. It's pretty small inside. I wish there were more inside seating. There is plenty of outside patio seating if the weather was nice enough.We ordered:-Vegas Strip Dog-The Showgirl Dog-Mushroom Swiss Dog
4	Got the Planet Hollywood dog. It's a polish sausage with onions, bacon, cheese and awesome. It's messy and delicious. Yes, it's a hot dog. If you came here thinking high quality food, you must be trippin. Hot dogs. Keep your expectations in check. For what it is, it's awesome. Little more expensive than their LA location but it's a nice little meal after a night of drinking.
4	Big fancy sign with the name "Pink's" on it? Looks like I'm in the right place! Not gonna lie, I've heard about this place many times before but I never knew where it was. Turns out, my friends were talking about the one in LA, but whatevs, I'm not gonna pass on my chance to try Pink's famous hot dogs.Anyways, you're greeted by this enormous menu once you walk in the front door, but feel free to step to the side and look at a normal sized menu if the doorway is too crowded. Personally, I think that the prices are a little overpriced but it's nice to order a "high end" hot dog with a handful of toppings after a night of drinking. I've only been here twice and I can't seem to recall what I ordered on my first visit but I can say that the hot dogs are really good and they definitely put a lot of thought into the different combinations. & as a fan of chili cheese fries, how could I pass on the deluxe chili cheese fries for a good portion of my wallet (costs the same if not more than a hot dog). I mean, it's pretty good, but probably not worth the cost.Overall, the hot dogs are pretty good here but I just wish that it was a little cheaper (I guess it's okay since it's Vegas). I can't wait to try the one in LA!
4	Almost as good as the Pink's in LA.... Almost.The Pink's in Planet Hollywood does not have cake, like the original Pink's Los Angeles. And for the record the cake is made from scratch, not a box; according to my dad. Who isn't skinny, and knows a thing or two about cake. But that doesn't matter, because there is NO cake at the Pink's in Vegas.I don't know why people are questioning the price? These are not the same hot dogs and polish sausages as Costco! Pink's hotdogs and polish sausages are better, overall. Higher quality meat, casing, larger in size, and with toppings. Pink's is not in the Miracle Mile Shops, they are on the front of the PH, with patio seating on the strip. So NO. $5-10 for a hot dog loaded with toppings and bacon isn't a lot. The hot dog at Serendipity 3 at Caesar's is $15.And if you ask politely, they will do half fries / half onion rings.
3	The Pink's here is just as good (or bad) as the one in LA.  Except here you don't have the ridiculous long line or run the risk of being mowed down in a drive-by. And you don't have to park your car in some sleazy alley. They don't have a lot of the customized celebrity dogs like they do in LA, but that's not a big deal.  You can put whatever topping you want on it and then name it yourself, if you really want a title to your creation so bad.  My personal favorite is the burrito stuffed with chili and a large 12 inch wiener (any one will do as long as it is large and at least 12 inches)..I call it the Kim Kardashian.Their wieners are custom made for them by Hoffys and have a very pronounced snap to the casing when you bite into them.  Their chili tastes like the wonderful brick chili that is so cheap but is ever so satisfying.  I guarantee that whatever you get, you will get heartburn afterwards.  After all, it just wouldn't be Pink's without it.
3	The food was decent but for the price and the environment it wasn't really worth it. You order your food inside and pick up your food but all the seating is outdoors (not really clean especially if birds are flying by).The portions was good but they place so many toppings on the hot dog that you can't really eat it like a regular hot dog. You probably have to use a fork and knife to brush off some of the toppings. The food was good but nothing extraordinary.
3	Overall: 3.5/5. Nothing extraordinary, but to be fair..it is just hot dogs with toppings. Very famous place, so I came here on a recommendation from a friend. It's a fast food joint with expensive pricing, but large portions with a ton of toppings. I definitely needed a fork to eat my hot dog. It was good, but I think I prefer my costco polish dog with some ketchup and onions, instead of a mountain of toppings. Good drunk food though and right in the middle of the strip, making it easy to walk to. There's outdoor seating with heater lamps and usually someone cleaning the tables. Afternoons have a lot of birds walking around.
4	I am a fan of the regular chili cheese dog. But when we ordered the Planet Hollywood dog and the Mojave dog we were really disappointed. A waste of money basically, I wouldn't order those again and the sausage was too hard. Also, the hot dogs are very EXPENSIVE. But it's Vegas I guess, what else can I expect. The cheese fries were very good too. As a suggestion, just stick to the original dog, the others are below average
1	Nasty i like hot dogs but this was just awful I have been waiting forever to try this and was so disappointed it's over priced and I could go to tj for a better hot dog and there 1$ something extra for grilled mushrooms were canned mushrooms and I couldn't even finish it but If ur hungry and here I did enjoy there chili cheese fries save ur self the seven dollars and walk away
4	Try the Showgirl hot dog for a nice Vegas touch! It's got sauerkraut and assorted veggies. A bit messy but really, what good fast food isn't? The onion rings are also fried to perfection.
4	So sure, it's not like the real Pink's in LA, but it's still delicious. And, thankfully, it never has near the line/wait that the LA Pink's does. Plus, it has dogs that are unique to this Vegas location. The Vegas Strip dog is total must - 2 dogs, mustard, onion, chili, cheese, guac, and jalapenos. Oh my! It was filling and yummy. And, of course, you have to get fries too. There's only outdoor seating, but they have heat lamps. And since it's right on the Strip, it's some good people-watching, which I always appreciate. So if you're at Planet Hollywood, or walking by, and find yourself hungry, don't miss this spot.
3	I had heard about the famous location in Holywood, so I had my wife try it.. She wasn't very impressed, but I had a bite too and it was pretty decent. Typical hot dog if that's what you want. Onion rings looked like they would have been really good. Cool people watching on the strip though!
3	Pink's becomes delicious late at night, especially the Vegas dog - full of guacamole and goodness. Add fries and some chili and you are good to go!
2	It ok not worth all the hype. No space look kind of dirty in the kitchen will never want to eat there again .
2	I guess its my fault for ordering a burger at a hotdog joint. Staff wasnt too polite. Pickles tasted weird. Good location though. Oh the burger was terrible.
4	Cool little spot to get a hot dog on the strip.  As far as hot dogs go, this is the place to get them.  If you're not in the mood for a full sit down meal, or you don't want to spend $30 a person, definitely consider checking out Pink's.PRO:+Great dogs.  Try the "Bacon Burrito Dog" (flour tortilla wrapped 2 hot dogs, 2 slices of cheese, 3 strips of bacon, chili & onion).  It's amazing.CON:-Inside of the shop is cramped-Outdoor seating can get crowded / noisy at times-Bacon Burrito Dog can be a bit greasy
4	I ordered the original chili hot dog with everything on top. The chili is an all meat one (NO BEANS!!!). The hot dogs were great for a late night snack!!! I'll definitely be coming back next time i visit vegas.
4	Blissful happiness after missing closing time (3 am on weekend) after a particularly great night of winning and drinking and good times we had been wanting nothing but a hot dog that morning and were so bummed when we walked back to find it closed, but months later we came back and after a great night of happiness we got our pinks!!!! And we're not disappointed :) the dog are original and delicious the perfect drunken happy food and had a great memory to go with
4	These are some serious hotdogs! I had the classic chili cheese dog and it was fantastic. Come with a big appetite and ready to stuff your face with sinfulness good eats! Las Vegas has various great places to eat, but this place is a must!
4	We ate lunch here before heading to the airport. We were staying at Planet Hollywood so it was convenient. My hot dog & fries were great. Portion sizes are huge so I would definitely recommend splitting them with someone else. We enjoyed out experience & would recommend for a quick, junk food meal on-the-go. Also, a great view of the strip & people watching.
4	My boyfriend and I are from Texas and have been wanting to try Pinks for some time. We made it a point to eat here on our most recent trip to Vegas and were not disappointed. We had 3 dogs, a drink and fries for $30 total and we felt the price was vert  fair!The dogs were loaded with toppings and our order came out fast. The inside is pretty small but we got there near opening time and had no problem grabbing a table outside.  Our meal was, filling delicious and fairly inexpensive for the strip!
4	Pinks, in LA you need to wait 90 min to get a Hot Dog. Here, 0-5 min! I'm sure it's better in LA but hey! Next best thing right?!?We ordered the Chili Dog and BBQ Cole Slaw Dog. Both were incredibly delicious. The bun was way too soft and instantly broke apart, allowing the dog to fall through (knife and fork time!) but what made me give this 4 stars was the actual dog. It's natural casing had the biggest "snap" I've ever tasted! Each bite "snap"! It was awesome! Loved the dog, liked the toppings, hated the bread (the fact it fell apart, otherwise it was doughy good!)Pricey Though! $6-8 a dog!
3	So I haven't had Pink's in years. I figured this would be the perfect chance to put some food in my system after too much day drinking. You know me, I go hard. So I order Chili Cheese Fries and a Hot Dog that has Chili, Pastrami, Guacamole, Mustard, Jalapenos, and Onions. I remember this meal costing me a good $20.I sit down to chow down and to my surprise, I am wildly disappointed with every part of the meal. Every individual component was flavorless, and not even a marriage of all of them created anything enjoyable. I ending up eat half of the hot dog and fries because I really grew tired of the flavor.I don't know if it's Pink's or this location but that sucked.
4	To my fellow Yelpers this place deserves more than 3 stars. One star for the variety of their menu, raging from sauerkraut to BBQ sauce. Another star for the urgency of preparing my order in a fashionable manner. A star for the quality of their food. I received pinks special and onion rings,  there onion rings where AMAZING along with there gourmet hot dogs. And the final star goes to the location, you will have a nice view of the cosmopolitan and lots of lights, I was looking around the whole time. Checking out the scenery! And being a hot dog enthusiast, this place is 4/5 for me. Defiantly worth your time and money.
4	I finally had to try the infamous Pinks hotdogs, even though I didn't get to go to their original California location. I had the double millennium dog, which comes with jalapenos, tomatoes, chili, guacamole, onions, lettuce, and two hot dogs. The toppings were really good, and the hotdog had a perfect 'snap' when you bite into it. Just the way a hotdog should be. Now if only they followed Costco's hotdog pricing....
5	I discovered this place on my friend's Instagram, but I thought that I'd never try it because a NorCal girl like me wouldn't be in SoCal too often. However, to my luck, it was fate that my Vegas trip brought me here to dine with my girlfriends for a bite. We ordered the Planet Hollywood Dog, the Las Vegas Strip dog, and chili fries.The chili fries were super crispy and fresh, and definitely one of the best fries I've ever tasted. They were gone instantly among the four of us. I split the Las Vegas Strip Dog with my friend since it had two dogs inside of it, and I never thought I'd be eating guacamole on a hot dog until that day. It was delicious! I have no other words to describe it, but both guacamole and chili were great additions to my hot dog. I haven't tried the Planet Hollywood Dog, but my friends gushed about how great it tasted.The prices may be expensive for something like a hot dog, but you're paying for the presentation and quality of the hot dog combinations, which are all pretty amazing.
4	It's just a hot dog loaded with condiments.  Sounds so simple.  So how good can it be?  Well, the quality of the meat and bun along with the combination of the extras does the trick.  While I cannot review all of the dogs on the menu, the Hollywood dog was the most memorable the last time I ordered from Pink's.  Bacon, nacho cheese, and onions!!!  I'm not a big fan of the classic since it tastes rather plain compared to all of these special dogs.  Since it opens relatively late (early for LV standards), you have no excuse to not skip Pink's.
3	No offense, Pink's, but I don't understand why people rave about you.  I had the polish chili dog... I really wanted to like it, I did. But part of me wishes I just had Costco's $1.50 polish dog instead. It wasn't bad, but it didn't blow me away by any means.  I ate it to fill my tummy, nothing exciting.
2	I love going to pinks in Hollywood. This place No Dice. Hot dog was cold and didn't taste very good.
4	Hubby and I both had the Chili Cheese Dog. Yummm! Perfectly cooked hot dog, snapped when you bit into it! Perfect proportion of chili so you can still eat it with your hands! The only thing I would change is the cheese.. Would have preferred shredded cheese rather than the Kraft singles.. But still delicious, and a perfect snack right on the strip!
3	Never been to the original one in L.A., so this is my first time ever. I forgot the name of the hotdog that I ordered but it had onions, tomato, bacon, and mustard. The hot dog was pretty good. Toppings were great. The onions and tomatoes were fresh. The bacon was crispy but not burnt. The hotdog was also cooked well. Love how it snapped with each bite. BUT, the hotdog by itself is ok. In my opinion, if the hotdog can stand alone without the toppings, then I'd be wow'd. However, since I've only tried one hotdog on the menu, I'll be sure to be back. Hopefully, the next time I eat a pink's hotdog, it'll be at the original one in L.A.
2	I have heard of this place having long lines and being delicious and although I live in LA i have never been so I tried it when I went to Vegas and it was not good. My friend assured me that they are better in LA.
2	This place is nothing special.You get many options for hotdog toppings, and the food isn't bad, but it's definitely overrated and there are better places to eat on the strip.
3	I've been here before, and every time I order something I'm more "eh" about it. The basic hot dog is incredibly overpriced--$5 for one with nothing on it. The options with a selection of toppings are way better deals, at around $9 after tax. Pink's is pretty over-hyped though, either way. The hog dog itself was alright, and it did have a bit of the "snap" that other reviewers mention, but the hot dog bun was definitely a letdown. It was cold and basically tastes like something you get out of a bag from the grocery store that's been sitting around maybe a few days too long--it's edible but just doesn't add anything at all to the hot dog. My friend had a few too many drinks, and even he knew better than to eat the bun, instead eating his hog dog and toppings with a fork and knife. Overall, it's a decent meal if you want to spend three times as much on a hot dog as you should, but IMO, Pink's is nothing to get excited about. I'd just as soon pick up a hot dog at Ikea and probably give it the same star rating. In Vegas, though, you're better off popping inside and paying the same amount (or less, in some cases) for an awesome sandwich from Earl's.
2	I've heard about this place in LA. The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't mind blowing either. Also its way too expensive for what you get.
3	Pink's is... okay.Overpriced? Definitely.Filling? Not so much.Even though you get a plethora of toppings, the hotdog meat is very thin and not satisfying. It's like any hotdog you can buy at the grocery store and cook yourself. Same thing for the bun, I swore I've had the same cheap ones from Safeway and they didn't even bother to toast it.I ordered the showgirl, which came with bacon, sour cream, tomatoes, onions, and some relish. The bacon was pretty bad, super thin and way too salty. And halfway through eating it, a pigeon took a HUGE dump on my hotdog. Luckily they were nice about it and willing to replace my hotdog... but they really need to put umbrellas over ALL their tables. I'd skip this place and go for In-N-Out.
3	This isn't your LA Pink's.While this joint is emblazoned with the usual Pink's decor and the name, it doesn't live up to its pedigree. The hot dog choices don't have the usual celebrity variety and "feel" that the ones in LA do, and really, everything on the menu sounds like a different variety of chili cheese or pastrami dogs.One unique thing about this place is the burrito. Rather than using the bun, many options use a tortilla instead to wrap 2-3 hot dogs together with a ton of ingredients. It's a convenient package and definitely an interesting experience.Also featured at the Vegas location are jell-o shots and yardstick drinks. I haven't had the chance to try either, but I am sure they are decent.This place commands the Pink's premium price, yet it doesn't live up to the expected Pink's standards. This will still be a place I'd definitely hit up late at night, since it gets the job done, but I am not coming here expecting hot dogs that will change my life. You'll have to wait a couple hours for that down in LA.TIP: Try the burritos. They're actually really good. Also open late!
4	Pink's Hot Dogs has a satellite location in Las Vegas! I'd heard good things about this L.A. institution so trying it was a must. Their setup is located on the outside of the Planet Hollywood Hotel Casino on the Las Vegas Strip. You have to go outside to enter the establishment which is a little odd but I guess they were going for a street vendor vibe. You move through a line and order your food which consists mostly of hot dog variations. That's not a bad thing! I mean why else would you be here, right? The dogs are quite good! If I had to rank them, they're better than you could make at home so they're a winner in my book. There's also the ambiance of their location which is really great to people watch while you're on the strip. That alone was enough to tip their rating over to 4 stars.
3	Not bad. Wow, is that a horrible way to start a review! Good dogs, but keep in mind these are ski cased dogs that may not be expected. Decent flavor. LOTS of chili cheese topping and they can be a challenge to eat so wear a bib or eat one before a night of drinking or it could get messy!
5	Can anyone tell me where I can get a homemade style corn dog in Vegas? Hotdog on a stick and wiener schnitzel don't count. Thank you
4	Yo yo this place will knock ya damn feet off .. I ordered every dog on the menu it was so bomb. My girl was deep throating so many dogs I was impressed !!
3	I only came here because Gemma and my mom like hot dogs. I ended up getting the  Pink's Specialty - Mushroom Swiss Dog which I had no idea was drowning in mayonnaise. They do not have indoor seating so you're stuck sitting outside with crap mister's blowing into every direction but you. The service was quick but the food just made me feel greasy. They have signs everywhere that says do not feed the birds but of course you have very sober idiots that kept throwing food at them causing this chaos of pigeons flying everywhere. Gemma got her usual bacon chili dog and I honestly think she just wants the bacon and chili. We let Logan (our son) try the fries and of course he fell in love with ketchup. I guess it's like sugar dip for kids. Very over priced skinny hot dogs masked in toppings. I would not come again.
1	Not good.  Very soggy bread, over stuffed with your basic grocery store relish.  Had the chili dog and polish dog.  The meat itself was very chewy.  Way overpriced for the quality.  Not eating here again.
3	I love their fries! I think I'll go back to this place for the fries alone! As for their main entree, I didn't think it was anything special (I got a burger because I don't like hot dogs). The hamburger is huge though! So if you want more bang-for-your-buck, skip the dogs and get the beef! I do agree that this place is overprice.
3	This place is not really worth it. I had to pay $7 for a chili cheese dog, and it wasn't even filling. Over-hyped for sure. Earl of Sandwich is much better and located just a short walk away from Pink's. Don't come here.
3	Ok, so I decided to bring the boyfriend here since we were both craving hot dogs.  We initially were gonna go the hot dog place at the LINQ, but came here.  The menu has a lot of items to cater to everyone or you can build your own.  We got 2 hot dogs and 2 bottles of water and I think it came out to like $26.I think the best part of the meal is the snap from the hot dog when you bite into it.  Other then that nothing special about it.  You also get a lot of company, from the pigeons.  Not super appetizing, but hey what can you do about it.
4	Delicious!  I truly do enjoy Pink's Hot Dogs every now and then.  This time I got the guacamole burger (i'm not sure what it's called but it had guacamole in it).  Very tasty.  Absolutely satisfying.  No complaints!Also, no line!  Unlike Earl of Sandwich which had an hour of wait time.
4	The bun could have been better for the bun for my hotdog- the planet Hollywood- was soggy and had a bad texture to it. The price could have been better too but that's what you expect I guess with all the foods at the Vegas strip. Other than that, it was absolutely delicious. Would recommend!
4	I've always wanted to try Pink's and I wasn't disappointed. Delish!! I bit pricey tho.
4	My mom and I both enjoyed it. We each ordered a turkey dog and split a fry and onion rings. It was pretty good. We got to sit outside, eat, and people watch. We are not big fans of hotdogs of any type so we probably won't be back. But we're glad we tried it.
1	I would have rather licked a casino floor than eat this shit. If this is a good representation of the location in LA, then seriously shame on your palettes. Went here with another couple while nursing a hangover and I ordered the mushroom Swiss dog.  I could eat mushroom and Swiss on cardboard and it would have been an improvement. So much mayo. At least a quarter bottle full of mayo on my hotdog with CANNED mushrooms.  Disgusting.
4	This place was delicious! We had the Reuben and one that was served with bacon but I can't remember the name. We also split regular fries, cheese fries and onion rings. Everything was very delicious! My only complaint is that there is only seating outside. As you know, Vegas is hot, hot, hot. I would definitely come back here the next time I'm here!
5	Military discount is 20%. It's amazing food and service. So delicious and relaxing coming here.
4	I've been to the Pink's in LA, so I was excited to see this one in Vegas.  It's not quite the same experience as LA, and they don't have the same options, but it's still pretty damn good food.  It's fast, priced okay (for Vegas), and the only thing it needs is more seating.
5	Pink's Hot Dogs are spectacular!  Both their classic hot dogs and specialty hot dogs are delicious and more than satisfying; if you're a fan of natural casing then you'll be in heaven.  The menu feels smaller than the legendary Hollywood location's, but they have all the classics and favorites, though sometimes under different names.I developed a fondness for Pink's while living in LA and I've missed it terribly since I left, part of that is because there isn't much of a Hot Dog scene where I live, so if you are visiting from a city with great Hot Dog joints, you may not be as impressed.I was dismayed when I didn't recognize the menu, I'd been harboring a mad craving for a Martha Stewart Dog and it wasn't to be found.  Fortunately the cashier helped me identify the Vegas equivalent of the Hollywood dogs and I found it, it is the Showgirl Dog and I highly recommend it.  If you're more in a sausage mood, the Planet Hollywood is a delicious option.  I missed Pink's so much I had both of these gigantic dogs.
3	Ok so I am from LA the original pinks is pretty delicious. This was is ok. The fries are perfect. My chili cheese dog didn't have hardly enough chili. I went inside to get more, cost me a dollar & it was like a measured amount of like 2 more table spoons..... Kinda wack.
5	Finally got to try their food. I ordered Chilli cheese fries, they were really good & hot.  I burned my tongue because it smelled so good I couldn't wait.  Chili isn't too spicy. Just right. If you love spicy, you'll be disappointed.  I believe it was $6.79. Boyfriend had 10 corn dogs & a "big man" dog. He said it was perfect.  The dog even snapped because of the skin.  It had tomatoes & onions.  No picture because he really chowed it down. Great service.  Thanks much.
2	Way too much money for what you get my husband got the pastrami burrito and onion rings and a drink.  I could have made the burrito at home with hormel chili some pastrami from the deli and hot dogs and tortillas.  Sorry just not worth all the hype.  The location is great if you want to buy alcoholic drinks for the walk down strip.
5	I love Pinks!! I come to Vegas every couple of months and always have to make sure i stop and get a Pinks Hot Dog. Yeah... .most people complain about the price on here...but hey... the only thing that is much cheaper on the strip is McDonalds! I paid about 6 for a hot dog and it was great! They have fantastic chili cheese fries and chili dogs too! Between my boyfriend and I we usually spend about 30 dollars when we go. The service is great too!
3	Wanted to give it a try after hearing all the talk about it. We went after a night out (so at that point everything should be delicious). It did hit the spot, but it wasn't anything to die for. It wouldn't be my first choice as a lunch spot, but I would go back again if I was craving a hot dog after a night out.It's worth a try if you have never been to Pinks and it IS good, but I wouldn't make a special trip to go.
4	Pricing: Good-Expensive. At the end of the day, this is still just a hot dog...Quality: Good-Excellent. Hot dog was definitely a good mix of meat and very good chili.Turnaround: Good. Put down the order, got a drink, found a table, and the order was done.Service: Good. The cashier was nice.I actually really enjoyed the hot dog, which was of an ample size overspilling with toppings. However, at the end of the day, this is still a hot dog and I felt not quite worth the price. Nevertheless, the hot dog was made of good quality meat with none of the processed texture and artificial flavoring as expected from supermarket hot dogs. In addition, the chili that Pink's use for their hot dog taste like legitimate chili of slow-cooked ground beef simmered over low fire in a soup base of onions and other spices. The raw tomatoes threw me off in terms of texture and flavoring, but at the end of the meal, I was glad for it because the bacon, chili, and cheese on the hot dog was actually very heavy for a standalone meal. The turnaround was relatively quick where I never felt like I was just standing around doing nothing, but I would have been more impressed if they actually finished my order before I even walked out the restaurant to find a table. There is no waiter service so I cannot say much about the service, but the lady at the cashier was patient in letting us take our time mulling over what to order.
2	I tried Pink's a couple of years ago...I had it again recently and was extremely disappointed. I remembered it tasting so much better! While the portions are large, you question the integrity of the concept...my+1 who accompanied me on this trip made some really good points! The first questioning if Kim K would ever actually be caught eating a hot dog. These days, celebrities are most known for the latest and greatest juice cleanse. Food for thought. Sorry Pink's, you'll need to step your game up or I'm waiting in line for Earl's next time.
5	I got the Planet Hollywood dog. It was polish with nacho cheeses, grilled onions and sauted mushrooms, it was awesome. And cheap too.
5	During my trip in Las Vegas. I finally made it to famous Pink's Hot Dogs!! My friends and I walked past about several times before we actually decided to go and get it. The line could be a bit discouraging. But I'm here...why not try it right?I had Chicago dog with the works and onion rings. It was so tasty and delicious. Hands down the BEST hot dog I have had ever. I know I'm not a meat person and haven't had that many hot dogs, but I knew this was going to be special when there was lettuce.We had a seat and eat on the patio watching people walking around. It was nice out and laid back location.  I'm telling you now..this place is definitely worth visiting and you have to try it once.
3	Do get their Showgirl dog, which showcases all the ingredients you can load up on for a hot dog to scream supreme!This hot dog spot is conveniently located near Walgreens, semi-corner of Planet Hollywood - on the outside.  The staff brings the dogs out when ready.Their French fries were fried and textured delightfully. If you are craving for some hot dogs, this spot is the place to be!
2	I expected more because of the way people amp this place up but the dogs aren't that good to me. They're ok. Homemade chili cheese dogs taste better. Just my opinion though, you may think otherwise.
3	$59 in slot machine winnings (thank u Michael Jackson game at PH) gets u three dogs, an order of fries (all tasty) and three frozen alcohol infused drinkys (not good) worth trying :)
3	What I like about this place- It's Pink's from LA!  - The classic chili dog is fab- Somewhat speedy service (on the front end, the wait for the food is a bit longer)- Good location in the middle of the strip- Relatively inexpensive option compared to other places nearby on the stripWhat I don't like- Limited seating when it gets busy- Some weird people will show up and ask for money (this has happened to me several times on different visits) in the seating areaAll in all it's a solid 3.5 in my book.
4	One of the best hot dogs I've eaten so far and when I came to Pink's, I tried the Showgirl Dog and it met my expectations. Except I wished the bacon wasn't cooked too crispy and burnt other than that I give it a plus but a minus for their prices.
2	Pink's seems to be undergoing three changes as time goes on.1)Price increase2)Lower quality3)More customers
3	Pros:-Affordable (less than $10 per person)-Quick-Good location - middle of the strip, outside of Planet HollywoodCons:-Seating - Outdoor seating. Vegas gets cold at night and in the winter. There are heat lamps but they didn't seem to help all that much. Not sure if there was any kind of indoor seating available. We ordered a chili cheese dog and a hamburger. I wouldn't say this was the best hot dog I've ever had, but it was fine. Fries were good.
4	Absolutely loved our food. My husband, whose favorite food is hotdogs, said this beats out all other hotdog places he's been to (which is saying a lot). I had the chili dog and thought it was awesome- the chili was top notch, and I love chili. He got a Reuben dog with real pastrami., sauerkraut, mustard and melted Swiss. He is already asking to go back.
4	Best chilli cheese fries I've ever had. The sauce was perfection topped with nacho cheese. Soooo freaking good. I was scarfing them down. The alcoholic drinks were a bit pricey but it's Vegas so live a little. Glad I was able to stop and try the world famous pinks. I was even able to even catch a street show.
4	OMG so this place is better than words can even describe! I know I had no business ending up here last weekend but I'm sure glad I did! I've always wanted to try this place out! After a long night of having fun and gambling a group of my friends stumbled across this place! Sometimes there are certain foods that taste even better when your drunk and this place happens to be one if them! I ordered the Vegas style strip dog and added sour cream! A bit messy and kind of expensive for a hot dog meal but it was worth every penny spent :-) the fact that they offer a huge variety of hot dog styles means I will be returning until I've tried all the ones I'd like to try!
5	Wow, what a great find in Vegas! Looking on the reviews, a lot of people rate on the seating area, which is relatively small, but this review is about food! Looking at the menu, everything is literally under $10, definitely affordable for Vegas. They have a wide variety on their menu, as well as some crazy ideas. Ordered and was not disappointed. Great portion size for an amazing price! I left there full, but not overly full to where I felt uncomfortable. Awesome food, awesome prices, awesome find!
3	Despite all the reviews, you see this place on food network so I wanted to give it a try...But I regret it and it was my only meal that I did not enjoy on our trip.On yelp, there's a free hotdog offer.Somewhere on the details, it should tell you the hours... basically there's restriction on the offer which I cannot find. Maybe it's on the full site, not on the mobile site.  Anyways, this was a let down for us too since we were just looking into snacking here with the offer, instead of eating a full meal.I ordered the chili polish dog.It was better than their regular dogs, which looks very unfilling. Their onion rings were okay but it was also spicy onions... like the onions weren't cooked all the way through... the chili cheese fries were okay.Overall, average hotdog stand... nothing special.
3	Well in a effort to save a few bucks on the strip ( hard) we decided to eat at pinks hot dogs , well you get what you pay for hereNot anything like it used to beNo steamed bunCheese wouldn't even meltJust a fast thrown together effort for the dogFries were great
3	12.30.14Spicy Mojave revisited. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pinks-hot-dogs-las-vegas-2?select=tjpcbEJKTKznY-hm_D4v8A#tjpcbEJKTKznY-hm_D4v8A$9.18
2	Wow what a let down. For a day of fun, as Las Vegas locals, we valet'd at Paris and walked over to Pink's - there was no line and nobody eating at all. I ordered a veggie dog (maybe that was my mistake) and chili fries. The fries were the best part of the meal - I hate, I mean I hate gray, boiled looking hot dogs -- gosh I wish it was grilled I guess I should've asked but being from L.A. this place is suppose to be the best so I figured I'd leave it all in their hands....it was a let down and I won't be going back.
4	I enjoyed the hot dogs at Pink!  Good flavor great snap on the first bite.  We had the chili cheese and Chicago style dogs with fries.  We were staying at Planet Hollywood during recent Christmas holiday and were able to visit twice while in Vegas.  Each time food was consistent even on the late night (1am) visit.  I want to visit the LA location now.
