5	I just went to a mixer/networking event with a friend, who's a member, and I must say I was pretty impressed. The location was great, the food they brought in was good, and most importantly, everyone there was incredibly nice and friendly. I normally have a hard time breaking the ice with lots of new people, but the way everything was organized made it really easy to meet with people and exchange business cards. I even met the president of the association, he was a pretty cool guy. I'm 99% sure I want to join ASBA over my local chamber of commerce, just have to find the budget for it. But of course it doesn't hurt that's it's $50 cheaper ;)
3	I just attended my first fast and curious by ASBA.  I was not that impressed.  There was plenty of room to seperate people better than they did and that would have made a huge improvement.  Having worked in high noise enviroments for 25 years, I have some difficulty hearing and the set up did not work well for me.It also would have been nice had I not felt like I was being scouted as a sales prospect.  Only a couple of people I meet were intersted in what I did.  If those contacts turns into sales then the event will have been worth it.
4	Visited here for a training class. Beautiful venue, easy to find and great amenities.
5	My company, Sonoran Studios, is a member of ASBA. We are an Arizona video and motion graphics production company. The Arizona Small Business Association is an amazing resource for small business owners. We have been a member for over seven years and find ASBA very beneficial to the operation of our business. ASBA holds a number of business expos and training forums that help small business owners grow and improve their businesses. One of the best benefits of becoming a member is the healthcare insurance that you can purchase here. In my dealings with ASBA, the staff has always been very responsive and highly professional at every turn.  On a political front, they watch out for the interests of small businesses at the state capitol. This work is mostly done behind-the-scenes, but is a huge benefit to the bottom line of small business entrepreneurs. I have attended a number of the expos and have always made great connections with high-quality leads and with other business professionals. The membership fees are extremely reasonable compared to similar organizations. I have nothing but praise for ASBA, and would encourage other small business owners to join. -Neil Schneider, CEO
