4	I've been bringing my '07 Civic to Zimbrick's Grand Canyon Drive Service Center since I first bought the car, and all told I really like how pleasant the experience always is.  Getting an oil change is a hassle and always seems to come up when I have absolutely no free time.  With all of my former cars I either changed the oil myself or went to a local service or oil change shop, wherever I found the lowest price.  When I bought my new car I told myself that I'd try out the dealer for the first change, and I've been going back ever since.  It is more expensive, to be certain, but I trust the people at Zimbrick a lot more than anyone else.  What I really like about the Grand Canyon location is the friendliness of the staff.  I always schedule an appointment using the Zimbrick website, and I always request Mike, who was the first person I dealt with and hasn't ever given me a reason to switch.  I usually ask for a time the next day near closing, and Mike will email back shortly letting me know what times are in fact available.  He's very accommodating, and in one instance I dropped my car off prior to going to a Badger football game, bringing my spare set with me.  They did a full tune-up and parked the car in the lot with the keys under the mat, calling me during the third quarter to let me know it was done.  Most of the time I bring my laptop and check email using the WiFi workstations in the waiting area.  There is free bottled water in the mini-fridge plus the standard vending options.  Most people seem to watch TV or read magazines, but I've found that I can actually get a decent amount done in the hour or two I'm there.  They always do a complementary car wash after the oil change, which is unfortunately close to the only time my car gets washed.  There is also a buy five, get the sixth free punchcard for standard oil, lube and filter changes.  I've put a lot of miles on my car in the last year (40,000+) but I attribute the fact that it runs as good as ever to the top-of-the-line service at Zimbrick.  I paid a lot for that car, and I've got no problem paying a bit more knowing I'm getting the best for my money.
3	I'm of two minds about the Zimbrick Honda service center on Grand Canyon.  They always do a good job and their waiting room is nice and full of amenities.  The problem is setting up the appointment.  They are very much set up for people who can drop off their car and leave it for a day.  We are a one car family, so that isn't an option.  I haven't been able to schedule an appointment at a convenient time yet (they are only open until 6 on weekdays and don't schedule appointments past 5:15), but I'm committed to having my service done at a Honda dealer, so I continue to go back.  Some expanded hours and they would be just about perfect.
5	Great service, clean, dependable, and quick. I had a stripped screw in my air filter housing and I went here with a new filter in hand. Zimbrick Honda quickly removed the screw, installed my filter and had me out the door in 5 minutes with no charge. I'll be using them as my regular oil change location, rather than the quick lube joint that stripped my screw and didn't inform me.
5	Been through many car care facilities over the years and this one is top notch. Love the badger cab voucher (free ride home / to work). Not sure if you can get 2 vouchers (doubtful) but still good.  Had an issue with my seatbelt (buckle got twisted 180 deg) and the service writer guy fixed it in 20 seconds; sent me on my way free of charge (felt kind of stupid afterwards!).
4	Love these people!  I called on a Saturday, and was told to call back later because they were swamped.  Understandable.20 minutes later THEY called ME back and asked for what I needed.  They're organized and on top of things.  Wee!  They're honest, fairly affordable (gotta love Honda's!)  and you can trust them.  It's a bit hard to schedule a time to come in.  This is mostly because they are super popular, and when you and your spouse work all the time, it's super hard to schedule anything with normal businesses.  Either way, call ahead of time for your appointment.  So happy I can take my car to a place I like.
5	Michael and David are awesome - they always are so helpful and friendly when my car is in trouble. Even when it's closing time, or last minute. My car was making an awful noise driving home from work, so I called and Michael said to come by and drop it off - he stayed a little past closing time to help us get checked in. The next morning, David called me at 7:50a, with the diagnosis and the fix. And then my car was ready for pick up at 9:45a. Quick and amazing service. Thank you!
5	My experience with Zimbrick Honda in general can be described as patient and thorough customer service, organized, and trustworthy. Bonus points to their Grand Canyon Service Center for being on my way to the mall, and next door to my at-the-moment Pho place in Madison. In their waiting room there's free coffee, tea, water, diet soda, and in addition to cookies they often have other snacky options like granola bars, and I've seen goldfish crackers once. I like that I can make an appointment online at whatever hour I like and don't have to remember to call someone during business hours. It's the little things. My favorite part is the waiting room, catered to the busy student or professional -  there are several partial cubicles and a free wifi area for people who want to work while they wait.
4	I brought in my '07 Accord (purchased from the awesome Lynn Moldenhauer in Madison) for a recall fix to the power steering. I was able to make an appointment ahead of time (they didn't even scold me for missing a previously-scheduled time) and dropped it off at 7:30 a.m. I returned to pick it up at 12:30 p.m. the same day, though I could easily have stayed and had a good time. The area inside was spacious, with lots of cubicle areas at which to work while waiting, as well as plentiful free snacks and beverages. The staff was very nice, although it took about 10 extra minutes for them to finish the paperwork and for the service tech to get off the phone with someone else to go over the repairs with me. They did a great job fixing the power steering issue and charged me nothing for it - a smart move, given what they could wind up paying in a personal injury suit caused by the flaw. The service tech, a jovial guy who knew his stuff and had decades of experience on the job, also made a note on my receipt that my tire pressure was low and all four of my tires were showing major cracks from weather exposure (not uncommon here in Winterfell). He told me it was dangerous to drive long distances on tires in this condition. He also told me that the service center only had one type of tire in the size I need, but he could give me a competitive price on them, and gave me a quote on the total cost. I'm going to double-check around the area and see how competitive the price actually is, but I'm eternally grateful to him for pointing this out to me. I never would have noticed it myself, but upon inspecting my tires with my own eyes, he was spot-on. This information might have saved my life!
5	I think it is safe to say I'm obsessed with this place. They have the best service around. They are all just so NICE. And they clearly never try to rip you off. Anytime they can get something covered under warranty- even if it means going to bat with Honda- they will. And one time I took in my car for a mysterious rattling noise, which they spent 30 minutes working on to ID the problem and just needed to tighten down some piece, and they didn't charge me ANYTHING. Also, sometimes I just want to go work in their waiting room. Wireless, snacks, quiet atmosphere, space for kids to play. It is amazing.
5	Fantastic service. I was a dedicated Zimbrick customer when I lived in Madison and dropped in today upon arriving from Milwaukee with an unexpected and urgent problem: frozen wiper fluid lines. Zimbrick immediately tackled and quickly resolved the problem, on the coldest day of the current cold snap - and at no charge! These guys rock!
1	Sellers beware!  I was selling my used Honda and had a potential buyer take it in for an inspection at the service center... which I was happy about because I love my Honda and take good care of it.  She came back an hour and a half later with a long list of needed repairs totaling over $2500!  I was blind-sided!  I decided to take the car to a third party mechanic for an inspection and after going through the car, they said that they could not for the life of them find what Honda was talking about.  The only needed repair was a minor tailgate issue that I fixed for $32 and was quoted on the Honda inspection for $196!!!  When the third party mechanic saw that I had a sheet from Honda Service Center he said that he sees this from them ALL the time.  Truth of the matter is, the less money they can get a buyer to give a seller, the more money they can get from the car buyer in repairs... it's down right sleazy.  I will be a Honda owner for life, but will never go near one of their service centers.  After contacting and confronting David Widish from Honda about his assessment, all he could say is that he is sorry I feel that way.  He also told my potential buyer that he would not pay more than $1500 for my vehicle which is a slap in the face considering my unbelievably fair asking price.  The third party mechanic told me I may even not be asking enough for it.  If you have money and time that you need to waste, please go see the guys at Honda Service Center.  If not, buy a Honda and get it repaired from someone you can trust.
1	UPDATE:  The car sold after being listed for two days.  It was bought by a mechanic that spent an hour looking over the car.  He payed my full asking price because he said he couldn't find anything that needed repair.
