3	This location is take-out only. The service is what you expect from Pizza Hut at this type of place and that is "good".Parking is adequate it is easy to pop in, get your order and then leave. Because I order pizza well-done it almost always takes longer for them to get my order ready than the estimate given on-line. I have only ordered from this location on-line.
1	I really wish you could give 1/2 stars or no stars on yelp. WORST pizza I have ever had in my life. Hey and that's saying a lot where I am concerned. Our company had a variety of 10 different kind of pizzas delivered for lunch today. I tried the Hawaiian, pepperoni, and meat pizzas.The quality was poor, the crust was like cardboard, and they skimped on the toppings. I actually didn't even finish a whole slice, when I got to the edge of the crust I just could not eat it. There was barely enough cheese on the pepperoni slice to cover the sauce. I have had good pizza from pizza hut before, but avoid this location if your life depends on it.
1	Worst pizza experience yet. I ordered by phone, gave CC info and got total. After 1 hour and 20 min I call to see where my delivery order was...they said they don't have an order...so i reorder w the manager Robert Harrison, who offered no consolation, and drove to the location. After all that, I waited another 20 minutes in the store to get my pizza. I'll be ordering pizza from somewhere else for now on.
1	It's no doubt your ratings are so low.  I was picking my husband up from work (in a gated residential community) Thursday night 6/13 when a silver jeep commando (with the Pizza Hut hat on its roof displaying the telephone number of (702) 253-9011) sped by me.  As we were driving out of the gates, the same silver jeep commando was riding our butt and then started beeping his horn at us WHILE WE WERE WAITING FOR THE GATE TO OPEN!  I then called the 253-9011 number, was given the run around by the telephone answerer, I asked for a supervisor who advised their store does not deliver to 7885 W. Flamingo, he offered the telephone number of the store that would deliver to that address.  I dialed the number and got a recording that said they were closed.  I then called several other pizza hut stores asking if they delivered to 7885 W Flamingo, they all pointed me to the store I originally called.  I hope this review gets to a person with integrity & authority so action might be taken to avoid unsafe, impatient drivers possibly taking a life.
1	I ordered pizza for pickup, once I arrived home I realized there was hair in my food. I simply called back to this location and asked for a remake and for them to deliver it to me. I didn't think this was to much to ask considering it wasn't my fault. I was told that's wasn't an option (all while being super rude) and when I asked to speak with the manager was told there wasn't one even tho when I picked up my pizza I clearly saw a man with a solid red polo shirt on which was different from the rest. They need to work on customer service.
1	Ok so I know that pizza hut doeant have the best pizza in the world but it should at least be hot right??? This is now the second time that we have ordered a pizza from this location and nos is the second time that I received a severely cold pizza when it arrived at my door and we only live ten min away at most from the stores location. The first time this happened we called and got a credit and figured everything would be ok the next time. Well we were wrong again today it happened and when we called to tell them the guy who answered the phone blamed it on the football game. (We ordered an hour before the game because of that reason) then he said I could have another credit or I could come pick it up. I shouldn't have to pick up a pizza it should be delivered hot and fresh. It wasn't hot or fresh it was cold and it was 20 minutes late. If you want to test your luck with this store good luck to ya.
1	I ordered food for pick up. They really skimp on cheese and toppings. They must be so cheap. The pizza tasted like cardboard. I am not sure how they stay in business. And the person giving kudos to management is probably his relative or something, horrible stay away
1	Order 2 large pizzas with an hour and a half in advance for our lunch break at work, and specified that we needed them by 11:30 a.m. due to us only taking half an hour lunch, pizzas did not arrive until a few minutes before noon, our lunch break was almost over not only did they arrive extremely late, but the pizzas were medium instead of large. The driver was in such a hurry when he arrived, horrible service.....
2	This Pizza Hut location is the closet location to my home. I am less than 1/2 mile from them but they do not deliver to me.  I've ordered from this location about a half a dozen times. My first was a big fail when the coworker taking my order thought he put me on hold but didn't, so I could hear him cussing and talking about me. I let him know and he put on someone else to take my order. I reported the coworker but never heard from a manager. Another time, I went it to pick up my order when it was estimated to be ready but waited an additional 10 minutes because the cashier did not check the warmer. My daughter is there now to pick up an order that was supposed to be ready at 6:28, but it's 6:51 and she is still waiting. I find the food good, typical Pizza Hut quality but the customer service is very lacking. Order here if you have the patience and aren't on a time crunch. I would estimate for every 3 visits, 2 are bad and 1 is decent.
1	No wonder they get bad reviews! This place really is horrible when it comes to customer service. I decided to give it a try regardless of the past reviews, because it's closest to the house. The lady that rung me up, was decent. When I went back to pick up my order, I stood in the counter for a good 10 minutes waiting for someone. When one of the guys finally appeared, he asked for my receipt, which he has a copy of taped on top of the box, had the nerve to ask me if I paid for it already. I had to get my purse from my truck, gave him my receipt, which he didn't look at anyways, and gave me the box.WHAT A TOTAL WASTE OF MY TIME!!DO YOUR JOB PEOPLE!!! Look at the receipt and give a better customer service next time!!
4	Sheesh I've read all the horrible reviews that this particular location has received and honestly I've never experienced any of the following things other customers have thank god or else my reviews would be the same! Normally when I choose a Pizza Hut location I go to whichever one the Pizza Hut app sends me to! This location happens to be the best are closest to my parents home. Every order we have placed has been for pick up because I do believe they require like a 2 mile or more rule in order to deliver to your house or business. Once you place an order online it gives you a time when your pizza will be ready and everytime I've arrived at the time it's done, no complaints so far I hope they keep up the good work and customer service when I place my orders!
5	I had a great experience here! The phone was quickly answered by a cashier named Stephanie. She answered all my questions very quickly. My pizza order was ready at the quoted time. I was in and out within a minute or so. Awesome experience.
4	Good service, I was in and out in 10 minutes, as cashier told, only reason why not five stars, I though it was pricy, large pizza, 16 chicken wings, and a 2 liter drink $28.65.
2	My wife ordered a pizza 11/19 at 7:02 P.M. Had a pick up time of 7:20 . I arrived at 7:25 and was not ready . I was told another 5 minutes which turned into another 15 minutes .After waiting an extra 20 minutes for our order I asked for two dipping sauces , they proceeded to charge me approx. $1.20 for the sauce. I feel for our wait they could have gave us those and a discount but nada.Not the best customer service.
2	Ordered multiple times from this Pizza Hut location, and were consistently unimpressed. The service was decent and the delivery guys were friendly enough, but they never got the pizza to us either fast or hot (which, in effect, may well have been one in the same had they been on the ball).The pizzas we received with each order had obviously either sat in the restaurant for longer than they should prior to dispatch, or had been in whatever Pizza Hut calls their keep-warm sleeves they transport the pies in. The service times were also notably slower than other delivery joints in the area--I'm not going to compare Pizza Hut to Jimmy John's or somewhere that prides itself on super-speedy service of things that don't require baking, but Domino's was far superior in both timeframe and quality of delivered goods, for instance--and overall, I was far less impressed with this Pizza Hut than I was with... well, everyone else.When we moved into their service area, we first noticed that the service was slower than it had been on the other side of town from a different location. Having called in orders to both, I realize that they had longer hold times as well, which could account for longer delivery times, but if all the pizzas are getting baked and ready but not getting delivered while the cheese is still hot and stringy on a consistent basis, you either need to wait another couple of minutes before throwing the next batch of pizzas through the oven, or hire more drivers. If you're doing the amount of business that requires a five-minute hold time on the telephone, you can afford another driver for rush situations, right?Overall, we stopped ordering from this Pizza Hut and started ordering from Domino's. Quality was better, speed of service was better. Which means that they're doing the job of pizza delivery better, end of story.
