4	While I've enjoyed the wealth of desert mountain trails with beautiful Sonoran desert vistas here in Phoenix, I'm also glad that I found a nature trail area where trees and other vegetation are in abundance. Of course, in our arid region this could only mean a riparian area (interface between land and a stream).A lush riparian plant community used to thrive along the Rio Salado (Salt River) until the building of dams and even a dump site changed much of that. But five miles of the Rio Salado just south of downtown Phoenix was set aside by the City of Phoenix for the restoration of the riparian community, and the ongoing success of the project is visible to anyone driving along Central Avenue as it crosses the Rio Salado (see the pics). You can hike, bike, or jog through the Habitat Restoration Area's trails, which are also wheelchair-accessible. It is a great place for viewing wildlife, including more than 200 bird species that have found the area to be a suitable habitat. Bring  your binoculars - it'll make your visit even more enjoyable! Walking tours, nature festivals, and other programs and activities are offered by park rangers, staff, and volunteers.The area is a work in progress, and there's more to be done. But do come and enjoy this lush oasis ... or rather, riparian area. It's free, and it's a good opportunity to experience the varied wildlife of the Salt River as it once was and is now becoming again.
5	I could spend hours here, and I do! I inform all of my friends of the majestic jewel this park is. The Rio Salado Habitat Restoration is EXACTLY what this city needs. It's a collaboration of avian culture, preseveration of the fragile river ecosystem, an abundance of plants, wildlife, and water, and a large city park in south of downtown. It's also cooler down here. During the Summer, coming here is a retreat. The shade from the lush greenery, and the cool air projected from the numerous ponds and bodies of water make it a delight. I wish more people knew about it- or would grow the balls to park their cars in South Phoenix. I live in Scottsdale, and it's ALWAYS worth the drive.
5	Lovely!!  One of the area's most amazing nature walks sits just five minutes south of downtown Phoenix.  Here, gritty urban industrial meets nature, solitude, singing birds and running water.  You'll frequently exclaim "look! it's a bird!  It's a plane! "  Literally.   Abundant bird life ( I spotted six white egrets, herons, cormorants, numerous waterfowl and birds of prey on a recent visit) as well as beaver, muskrat, coyote, rabbits.  Gorgeous stands of cottonwood trees and cattails that are just starting to grow back after the recent storms.  There are two levels of trails - a paved one that offers excellent panoramic views of the city skyline and south mountain range; and unpaved dirt-rock trails that lead you right into the river bottom.  Please be respectful of the request that dogs stay on the paved trails, as that is what helps preserve the amazing wild bird life that is here.  We counted 40 different kinds of birds on a recent walk.  The preserve runs from 16 street to 19 ave, though the most visually interesting segment is central ave to about 15 ave.  Open sunrise to sunset with ample parking at central or 7th avenues.  Restrooms and water fountains and shade on the north side at both locations.  To cross to the other side of the river you must use the car overpasses at the major intersections, but there is safe pedestrian access in both directions.  The Audubon center on south side of central ave is also worth a brief visit.  Enjoy your stroll, hike, bike ride, birdwatching adventure, dog walk, or all of the above!
5	Another of AZ's Fine Public Works!! It's a beautiful place to walk or ride a bike. I'll update as I spend more time here!
5	Awesome little hidden gem just South of Downtown!  My husband and I come here sometimes during lunch breaks to feed the ducks and look at the turtles other wildlife.  As with most public parks, you'll spot a vagrant now and again, but the lush setting trumps the occasional weirdo.  :)
4	This place is pretty great.  It's going to be wonderful when the habitat becomes well-established.  I've ridden down here on several bike rides.  There are miles of paved trail with lots of rolling hills.  It's a great place to ride a bike.  I'm looking forward to exploring more distance this winter, as I'm a much stronger rider than I was a year ago.  There are water features, plenty of birds, but the restrooms were closed last time I visited, due to the economy.  The views of the city are fantastic, and the distance you can ride on the paved trail without dealing with traffice draws me back again and again.  It's a gorgeous riparian habitat, and I'm happy that there are always other folks enjoying the area whenever I visit.
5	Had my Snaaz 5k walk for education very beautiful park!!! Clean and would be perfect for walking a dog! There's lots of parking and also there is a desert in downtown Phoenix how nice! Real Arizona feel! I would definitely take my parents or my aunt for a nice walk on a fall morning :)
2	I was extremely disappointed by our visit here. The other reviewers make it sound like a unknown verdant hiking trail exists in the middle of the city just waiting to be discovered. My first thought once we got down to the desolate, trash riddled, dry river bed was "I can't believe everyone is raving about this place on Yelp. Are they insane?"  By the end of our little excursion, I did at least understand what the other reviewers were talking about, though I would never, ever even consider giving the Rio Salado Habitat Restoration Area five stars. It falls way short of the Rillito River Park in Tucson in terms of an arroyo-side jogging/biking trail, the educational aspects of it are in disrepair, and as a place for hiking or nature watching activities there are just so many other better options in the Phoenix area I don't know why you would bother coming here. But I can see what they are trying to do here, and I do applaud them for it. So, plus one star for setting up this park so that Phoenicians can get a taste of what this area would look like if we didn't all live here.I strongly recommend that you do not park at any of the lots along the western or eastern edges of the trail. There is nothing to see there. Don't bother with it unless you live close by need somewhere to walk your dog (and your dog doesn't mind walking on concrete and rocks, there are no grass or tress at all). Instead, if you are just coming for a visit or with some out of town guests, park at the lot on the north east side of the bridge on Central Ave or at the audubon center on the southeast side. That is where the water and access to nature trails are. My husband and I parked on the northern side which has the higher ground so you are not at the bottom of the river bed but you do get a great view looking out over it. The first thing you see from the parking lot is a large man-made fish pond which is apparently filled with water from a large drainage pipe. I'm not sure where that water comes from, if it is diverted from the canal or just filled from "the tap". The trail begins with lots of cacti and mesquite trees and other native plants. The prickly pears were in bloom when we went and so that was very beautiful to see. It looks like they really put some effort into providing some shade and seclusion but along one side of the main trail there is a large warehouse or factory surrounded by lots of pavement and a huge chain link fence. So you never really get away from the city. It was really ugly. From there the trail branches off and you can go down to a little waterfall area (again, not sure where that water is coming from) and also a lookout point with shaded bench as well as a trail that loops around a large pond. This one appears to be natural (no concete liner) and may be fed by the river itself. There were a lot of birds around and we saw a few quail, which was cool. I also saw one jackrabbit and what may or may not have been a beaver.  All in all, quite a lot of nature for being in the middle of the city. The cottonwoods were in full bloom (is that what you call it when they spread their seeds?) so the trails were covered by so much white fuzz that it almost looked like it was snowing. It was very surreal. This section of the park was really pleasant and I probably would return if I lived in the area but I'm not sure if it's worth going out of your way for.I grew up near the Santa Cruz River in southern AZ and like the Salt River it was completely dry for part of the year but there was still a lot of riparian plant and animal life that was able to tap into the underground water supply or store up water from the rainy season. Rivers in the desert go thru natural cycles and their flow varies greatly throughout the year. The Rio Salado habitat restoration area reminded me a lot of my old little section of the Santa Cruz so it felt comfortably familiar but still at the same time made me a little sad to see what happens to a river when the water is overused by humans. This park is almost entirely man-made. They obviously had to bring in more water since the Salt River no longer flows thru Phoenix no matter how much rain fell up north in a given year since it is all diverted for CAP water. I am not sure what is the point of cultivating this nature in the middle of an area that is so obviously hostile toward it (what happens to those quail if they waddle up to Central Ave just feet away?). But it is a great educational experience for kids or someone not from the desert southwest who has never seen an arroyo up close and who is too lazy to actually drive outside of Phoenix to see it.
4	Usually walk from 16th street area to 7th street or the opposite way which is shorter. There are hardly any people using this paved trail, but I do see alot of cottontail rabbits hopping around. Every so often, a Phoenix parks worker will be driving on this trail doing something meaningless to earn his pay and that bugs me cause I have to let him pass through and they never honk their horn. They just sneak up on you. The scenery isn't anything great on this stretch, but still a good place to get a walk or run in at any point in the day.
4	I found this place by total accident as I was riding my bicycle by it one day and decided to check it out (looks can be deceiving) as I went in-there is a lil pond with ducks.fish and birdies and I thought ok that's all but I decided to go further in and wow I was blown to see this place open up where there are both biking and walking trails with informational points to describe the animals and shrubbery. I now take my two pugs for a walk thru here now not as much as I would like but when I do it's very enjoyable for both me and the pets ..#peaches and #pinkie
3	It is a two mile run from downtown to get here, but I thought it was worth the effort. There are numerous rocky trails as well as paved pathways for running or biking. Not sure how far it goes, but it looks to be quite a ways. Restrooms and a water fountain at the entrance along with parking. I was there early on a cool December morning and was the only person around. A nice place to go if you want to see some nature close to downtown Phoenix and want to get away from the traffic and noise on a run or bike.
