5	Great atmosphere!  The staff is extremely helpful and friendly. I experienced my first Mystic Tan at Dilworth Tanning and was very pleased.  My color is very natural and will be a Mystic Tanner from now on.  Would recommend Dilworth Tanning to everyone!!!
4	There's one thing that always ruins a good vacation, a terrible sun burn. In order to avoid that cruel fate my significant other and I decided to take things indoors before we ventured to the outdoors on our next getaway. We certainly wanted to avoid looking like snookie but we wanted a little base to avoid the burn of the tropical sun. We went with the $20 package that allows you to tan 7 consecutive days without any added membership fees. You can upgrade for $10 more to the nicer beds but we found this to be unnecessary since the bed did a fine job. NC state law says you can only tan once in 24hrs meaning that if you tan at noon one day you must tan later than noon the next. If you're limited on time this can get a bit tricky as they take it literally and I had only a small window of time in which to get my tan on. They did offer me a one time courtesy when  I went in at 7pm and the next day at 1pm.  Another NC law mandates eye-wear which they have available in two forms - eye winkies (sticker type things) for $1 or glasses for $4-5. Their lotion prices are a bit steep - $7 for a sample size, and they are finicky about which lotions they let in (Ocean Potion, Hawaiian Tropic, No-AD and many other drug-store brands are banned) but this is to protect their equipment (which works very well and is tested daily) . We decided to forgo the lotion and both of us were able to moisturize after and our tans lasted fine. The beds were very clean and the service was great., they also have towels and cleaner there for your peace of mind. I won't say this place is spa-like but it did the job and I felt like the property is well maintained. Service is extremely friendly, and I would definitely recommend checking this place out before your next vacation : )
4	I just moved the area and came across this one on yelp. I prefer a tanning bed as opposed to spray tan, which many salons are strictly spray only. I was taken back when I entered because the receptionist asked me what my tanning needs were and since I tan very easily, she recommended a great bed which was only a level 2. Normally these girls try to upsell beds just to make commission. I filled out a questionnaire about myself to determine what type of skin I had also. The bed was spacious and clean. I really liked the friendly and warm staff! I will return!
4	I hadn't been to a tanning bed in 7 years but figured I needed a base tan before heading out on a tropical vacation.  No high pressure sales (which I was expecting from prior experiences), clean beds, nice staff, excellent pricing and centrally located.  The only negative I can think of is the pricing of the tanning lotions but I think this likely applies to any tanning bed ($40 for a bottle for a one-week tanning experience).
