4	I attended a conference here in 2006, and it was a great convention center. It was spacious, the rooms were comfortable, and facilities were spotless. Another plus is drinking water was provided throughout the conference in the rooms - this seems so minor, but it really is a major plus in heavily air-conditioned (dry) conference centers. Bonus, there is a Tim Hortons in the place. And a few other spots to eat as well, so you don't need to leave (or can find something if you cannot leave the premises).It is centrally located, so there are a number of hotels that are close by or even connected to the convention center. In addition, the "old" section of Montreal is within walking distance and there are some great places to eat in that area too.And oh yeah, this convention center was used for some scenes in the movie "blades of glory", which was a really funny movie.
4	Convention Centers can strange beasts full of dragons and wicked men peddling drinks and food for far too much money. The Palais des Congres is not one of those, but a clean and wonderfully staffed location where I've twice been for conferences (and will be returning to for WorldCon next year)The Tim Horton's is the biggest plus. I love it and the price is right. The Convention Center mark-up seems to be much smaller than for places like Starbucks when they're put into CCs. The place is comfortable, and when I lost a bag, I simply asked one of the roamers and they sent folks out to find it and finally they did. After less than 10 minutes. And they brought it to me in a panel I was attending! Good people.
4	This is one nice convention center. SO colorful! And any place with pink tree trunks artfully being used as a welcoming decoration into this place deserves 4 stars. The carpets are so colorful, the walls are all different colors. Just so much nicer and brighter than the average convention center!Plus they have a number of stores and food spots in the center as well which is nice when you have a conference there like we did. That way in case you get bored you can just go grab a drink or food or buy some clothes! There is even a salon in there so you could do that too! And the subway leaves from here as well so what could be handier??And the space is so big. There are definitely plenty of rooms to use for a big conference, so no worries there. The only thing that got me down was their bathrooms. Some of them only had one or two female stalls max. Anyone who knows women and the bathroom knows there needs to be more than just two stalls in a place like a giant convention center!!! So next renovation needs to fix that ha
4	Oh airy airplane hangar-like Palace of Conventions, you are like a post-modern post-card about convergence in 3 dimensional space. You are bigger on the inside than on the outside I swear, and your glassy shops and tendrils of escalators and tucked away stretches of food-court-like restaurants with windows and big booths defy my (admittedly already-poor) sense of spatial orientation. But really it's the forest of giant pink trees that makes me love you, you whimsical beast of a convention centre you.
4	Only come here whenever there is a fair/event. Lots of higher-end boutiques out of my price range or lifestyle. Fastfood and sit down restos I 've not tried either. Love the annual Nutcracker Christmas fair!
5	I would like to commend the staff on their hospitality and the food preparation on Saturday night (July 20, 2013) for a Closing Gala I attended.  I will admit I was a bit skeptical about what to expect after the sandwich choices on Thursday night for the conference opening reception.  The chicken was so moist and all of the sorority members were ecstatic about the taste of the dinner as chicken is usually dry when you are feeding up to 3,000 guests.  The attendant for my table was awesome.  I was near table 46.  She was so attentive and she even was able to retrieve a plate for a guest who arrived late and did it with a smile.  She told us YES, before telling us NO and for that we were grateful. Some of the waitstaff were a bit nervous plating the food but did a spectacular job in the end.The workshop rooms were very conducive to a quick classroom change as they were all situated on the 5th floor.  Overall, a job well done and I am sure other members of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. will concur.
4	I attended a convention here July 18 - 21, 2013. Over all the facility was very nice and spacious. Clean and well kept. Although with 3000 women you can imagine there were always lines at the bathrooms but they were all always in pretty good shape. Kudos to the staff on the closing dinner on July 20th. It's was convention food but it was better than I've had in the past. The service was top notch. The Food and service fore commendable. My only complaint was that after dinner coffee and deserts were severed buffet style out side of the dinner area. With 3000 people in attendance serving anything buffet style is a NIGHTMARE! long lines for coffee and dessert wasn't a great way to end the evening.
5	I attended the 3rd World Parkinson's Conference here just a couple weeks ago, and the Palais des Congres de Montreal hosted a wonderful event.   This simple, clean, efficient, convention center is easy to get around and the colorful front facade is a treat to see, especially in the late afternoon.   While this is not the largest convention center I've  been too, it certainly feels large, spacious and airy. I would say it was thoughtfully designed and has a modern feel.  While I sometimes ran hit or miss with some customer service experiences around Montreal, Palais did not miss, the personnel were wonderful, helpful, and friendly, truly a credit to Canada.  Special note to the lady at the coat check in who helped us arrange for a wheel chair for my Dad the 3 days we were there, she was very kind, helpful and sweet.  Walking around the other personnel were always friendly and asking if we needed a hand or if we had a question where we were going.    This is one part of my across the northern border experience I give kudos to the hosts to and can't complain about.  The Palais is a great venue!
4	What's not to love?Bright, open, well-maintained building that hosts cool (some more cool than others, to be honest) conferences on all kinds of subjects.Trademark stained-glass windows that make the building recognizable when shown briefly in car commercials. Cool!Neat trivia about the building. (It has no basement - it is built atop the Ville Marie expressway)And warmth - it's connected to the underground city in 2 directions. As Yelp says, I'm a fan.
4	I always walked by Palais des congres de Montreal all the time whenever I visit Montreal, as it is located at the Metro stop where I get to China Town.And finally I got to really experience the facilities during Montreal Beer Fest and I was impressed. The interior space is bright, spacious and full of vibrant colour and energy! Just sitting inside the space and looking out through the stained glass window was a relaxing experience!The staff here was polite and friendly. Greeting all the visitors with a smile and giving us directions.Looking forward to come here again for future events!
4	I was here this past weekend for Pycon U.S. 2014 (totally in love with the idea of a US branded conference in a Canadian city). This is North America's premiere event celebrating the Python programming language and its community. I've had to miss it in years past, but was super-keen on it being held so close to my home in Toronto this year (you don't actually say "super-keen" in your everyday speech, do you, Andrew?)This venue was really the perfect fit for this scale of event, with five massive conference rooms in continual use, several smaller board rooms for more focussed group work and discussions, and a great big dining hall to seat and feed every attendee.WiFi was pretty reliable and easy to use every day. And the catered lunches were great for providing mostly vegan options. The salads weren't clearly labelled, which was a little inconvenient, but it was pretty easy to see which ones had dairy and which did not. Breakfast, on the other hand, was pretty abysmal, with only the dry, dry, dry home fries as a clear vegan option (they were very dry).I care a lot about the food at my conferences.There weren't too, too many coffee shops in the immediate vicinity of the venue, so I ended up getting a few Americanos at the centre's Van Houtte cafe, which, for reasons of capsulation, I shall not review here, in these lines. It was a short enough walk to some nearby great stuff, though, and an excellent entry point to the City of Montreal for anyone at the conference who hadn't been here before.
5	Love this spot! Very well designed and crafted with love, so much natural light regardless of the size of this building. The people working here were amazing. What a great facility!
4	This building is larger than it looks.  It was located by our hotel so were always walking by it or into it.  It connects to Montreal's underground city, and there is a Metro stop here as well.  What really stood out to me was this facilities windows.  Talk about colorful!!  It was like looking at a rainbow of colors when you look at the building from the outside.  When you are inside the building it is also quite striking.This facility is like a very large convention center.  Plenty of spots to hold meetings and other events.  There are also a few shops here as well.  Want a donut?  They have Tim Hortons!I'd be more than happy to go to an event here.
5	It's difficult to look at this colorful piece of architecture and not smile. Though the inside seems to lack the cacophony of life in downtown Montreal, convenience and art can be found plenty. The place is worth a stroll inside if for nothing else other than to get lost in the music of the dancing colors of the facade.
