5	I honestly look forward to lunch everyday - the Cafe on Red Oak is in our office park in South Charlotte, and they serve the best lunch and breakfast of any restaurant around.  If you work in any of the many office complexes in South Charlotte, I highly recommend checking them out for lunch, breakfast or a snack, everything I've had here is phenomenal.
4	This place is my new favorite lunch spot for work!  It's down the street and it's delicious!!  Everything is home made and fairly priced.  I had the buffalo chicken salad earlier this week with their home made buttermilk ranch dressing.  The chicken was grilled and didn't require additional seasoning.  the dressing was amazing, I had to throw it out because I was eating it with a spoon when I was done with my salad (hopefully no one saw that ).  Everything is fresh daily and they have a patio!  Love this place....just wish they weren't so s l o w...
5	My family and I had lunch here today. It was fantastic! The service was very friendly and the Owner was so helpful since it was our first visit there. My husband had the turkey bacon ranch wrap and he loved it. I had the club sandwich and it was also very good. From the soup to the fries we were very impressed. We got a free cookie for checking in and they were delicious! You don't get home made cookies very often and wow, they were good! It's kind of hard to find and they close at three, but it's well worth the trip for lunch some day if your looking for a great lunch experience.
5	Soup season is here and every day they have a fresh home made soup.  They are delicious!!!  I have been calling in advance for pick up and enjoying at my desk.  YUM
5	I loooooooove this place!!! From the daily made fresh soups, homeade cookies, awesome prices and delicious food, it's an all in one spot for good food, convenience and nice people. It's right down the street and I recommend everyone come here. Sometimes I have to wait a little bit during lunch rush but I realize since everything is made to order it's absolutely acceptable and I don't mind waiting a few minutes. Also, (lady with the brown hair makes the best food :)) not sure if she's an owner or just works there but she always makes my order consistent and delicious!! Definitely visit here multiple times a week and will be back again and again!!
4	This is a really great place to have lunch. The food is always made to order. They always have a daily special. I highly recommend the homemade chips.
3	I don't know how to rate them. The hours are not correct on yelp. Only open Monday thru Friday 7-3. I came on a Saturday even though it was an office building. I was hopeful they were open based on the reviews and menu. I drove in from SC.
5	Excellent place for lunch, food is fresh prepared and can taste the difference, light atmosphere and comfortable, good price too, highly recommend!
1	Awful customer service!! Woman with a tattoo on her neck was so rude . I will not be returning
