4	We stumbled upon this little eatery while checking out the Crystals shopping center. Our very friendly server recommended the tuna sandwich with tomatoes on ciabatta bread, and it was simply perfect. I did not see a cafe au lait on the menu, but friendly server gal said she would make one special for me (at least, that's how I took it...I would hate to think she's this accommodating with her "regular" guests).The wife opted for the breakfast croissant with egg and ham, paired with a chai tea latte. Both were excellent.
3	This was my vegas hang over food. the sandwich is pretty good. it's a cute space, kinda a cute whole in a wall place.although i'm not a fan of wolfgang puck at all.
3	Feeling a little parched.  We came upon The Pods after some serious window shopping here at the Crystals.  Had a moment to appreciate the ultra modern and futuristic design of pods.  Sipping on iced tea and lounging while giving our tootsies a rest.  I think it may have a different feel if this place was jammed packed.  In order to take it all in, you'll need to grab a seat, sit back, relax and plot the activities for the rest of the day...or you can sit and gossip with the girls.
3	I decided to hit Crystals today to see how it's halls were decked for Christmas.  After the short look, I made my way to Pods for my first visit.  I only wanted a drink and something sweet.  I got a large pomegranate iced tea and a dark chocolate chip cookie.The iced tea was very good.  The pomegranate syrup was not sweetened so the drink wasn't a sweet tea mess.  It had a lovely taste with the pomegranate giving the tea a bit of a tart flavor.  The dark chocolate chip cookie was superb!  It had a very rich chocolate flavor, a flavor that avoided sweetness and let the rich chocolate shine through.Total cost was just under $8, a bit much for iced tea and a cookie (even though the cookie was a good size.)  I enjoyed sitting on a tall stool at a table watching the few people go by.The Pods is a nice enough place.  There's just no reason to return often.  It's not like it's Jean Philippe after all.
3	One of the grating things about Las Vegas is you are more or less trapped there especially if you are staying on the strip and don't have a car. Now don't feel to bad for me as I was staying at the MOLV. You can always get food from the nearby CVS or Walgreens. I had a sandwich-it was okay nothing special kind of pricey for what it was. The server was nice and the atmosphere is obviously beyond luxurious.
2	shopping is a serious sport and sometimes you need some sustenance to help you continue on. what i ate:- roast beef panini- bagel with cream cheesepros:- food was pretty good. everything was made well and the way you ordered it- decor: the pods were a fun and chic place to sit and rest from all the crazy shopping at city center. true with the style of the rest of the city center the pods were very well decorated- alcohol: they serve alcohol, but itll cost you an arm.cons:- PRICE: good god the prices were outrageous. the roast beef sandwich was $10 and for that price i expect waiter service. the bagel was $4. a yogurt parfair was $6. it was so expensive that i didnt even order anything to drink. would i come again? not unless i was dying of hunger while shopping.
5	Delicious cafe food in a comfy, modern atmosphere.
4	We stopped by The Pods last weekend. I'm not usually a fan of tea, but it was late in the day so I didn't want coffee/caffeine. So I decided to try the pomegranate iced tea. It was pretty good. It had a fairly strong flavor for tea. The reason I don't usually like tea is because it doesn't have enough flavor. The pomegranate flavor stood out in this tea without being overpowering. I would definitely recommend it.The atmosphere is pretty neat. I really like the woven wooden pods that you sit in.
3	The sandwich I tried (mozzarella, arugula, tomato and olive) was really good.  The bread was so soft and pillowy.  My friend and I also decided we wanted to walk around with adult slushies but I was disappointed when I saw how much alcohol actually went into it.  We both ordered a small and only 1/2 a shot was poured into the cup before the frozen drink was dispensed into the cups.  $8 is too much to pay for 1/2 a shot of cheap vodka.
3	"Good heavens, that thing is as big as a baby's head!  You should see your doctor about that!" That comment was made to me at the gym one time and I felt like saying that when I saw the size of the cinnamon bun at Pods (except the part about seeing a doctor).They had a ginormous cinnamon bun, which looked great but was actually only so-so.  I think it had been there awhile as the pastry part was a little hard.  It did taste good.   Coffee was very strong and bold.  I also had a bacon, egg and cheese bagel, which was just okay.  All that plus a bottle of water was over $16....I guess this is Vegas so things are pricey but couldn't help but think I could have gone to a buffet for $5 more.Service was nice, if a little slow. This is a great place for a quick bite in the morning (or during the day) if you want to avoid lines at other restaurants.
5	Pods is very quick and tasty! I love the buffalo chicken wrap as well as there corn soup which is on the specials now! Great spot, hit it every time I'm inside crystals.Also love that they have wifi and anyone can come and sit in this area, even if they don't order a lot, or nothing at all.
3	Everything here is a bit pricey (to be expected considering it's location) but the quality is there. The iced tea was surprisingly very refreshing and their mozzarella/tomato salad was delicious as well. Definitely a nice place to stop for a quick snack and drink on those hot Vegas days.
4	I stopped by here with three other companions this past Saturday morning.  Personally I only had a cafe Americans which was robust and flavorful.  My companions had both a blueberry muffin that looked awesome as well as a ham breakfast sandwich.  Both said that they were very good and that they would order it again.The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  The coffee was the best that I had on the strip during my trip.
2	Ambience is nice but food is overpriced and not so good. I ordered the turkey avocado sandwich and an apple juice and it came out to be $14. The bread was stale the taste disappointing. I will never return for food....
2	Great architecture, but other than that, overpriced for food that doesn't impress.  Only plus is that it's quiet.
1	The Pods has been closed. A Starbucks will be opening in this space soon.
3	Pretty good eatin. Limited menu. The waiter made us feel weird for getting separate checks but the homemade ranch was awesome.
