2	My parents were in town this weekend and my grandmother insisted we have Ronnie's for breakfast (it's near their house). The place was hoppin' for a Sunday morning at 10, and we had to wait 10 or so minutes for our table for seven. The place is independently owned, and reminded me of Mike and Ronda's The Place, with a little more flair. Still, I felt as if I was in a hole in the wall in some small hickville. The menu items all looked tasty (or I was just really hungry). Pretty much your average country breakfast dive fare - think steak and eggs, corned beef and hash, skillets, omelets, and pancakes. I wanted a mix of random foods and ended up with a half order of biscuits and gravy, 2 eggs, fruit, and a slice of ham. The food was decent, nothing to write home about. The gravy was served piping hot (always a plus) and was very good. The ham was a little rubbery, the eggs were average, and the fruit was some sad pineapple from a can mixed with overripe cantaloupe and a few red grapes. My mother ordered a pancake on the side of her Florentine omelet (which was good), and it was huge. We passed it around the table and still could not finish it. It was probably one of the better items I tasted, as well - light and fluffy, lots of butter, with just a little crisp on the edges, perfect with a touch of syrup. Anyhow, the service was alright. Our server lost our ticket so she ended up putting in our large order from memory, which resulted in one missed dish and a slew of wrong sides. She was apologetic and fixed everything pronto, though.For a casual Sunday breakfast with the fam, it wasn't too bad. Will I drive the 20 miles from my house to eat here? Not likely.
4	So let me just say upfront that this place redefines kitch! I mean I would be shocked if you could find one square inch on a counter or wall that is not filled with some cutesy cup or sloppy slang. But I adore this place. It's small and there is almost always a bit of a wait, but the staff hustles and they are incredibly friendly. The menu is surprisingly large and creative for a family run, diner style breakfast and lunch place. They offer the obvious choices you would expect of this fare, but then they toss in a little something to juice it up. They have a standing Steak and Eggs special for $5.95 that I have never sampled but I've seen one hell of a lot of them move through that kitchen! They also have a fairly decent all you can eat Fish deal from 11:00 to close. My personal favorites would have to be either... wait for it... "The Julie Plate" (yes it is actually called that) or the Breakfast Burrito (which bulges with ham, sausage, bacon, cheese, chiles, and country potatoes). But try one of their daily specials, like German Pancakes, and you may be hard pressed to go back to the regular menu. One word of caution is that the servings here are HUGE. I can literally make three meals out of the BB and still have a bite or two to share with my dogs. Ronnie's opens at 6:00 or 6:30 a.m. (don't know which, because I'm not awake at that time of day) and closes at 2:00 p.m. It is not pretentious. It is the kind of place that is comfortable, clean, and serves a steady stream of loyal customers which are greeted by name along with hugs and smiles. Prices are reasonable if you consider the amount of food you receive, and the consistent quality / selection far exceeds that of the most popular chains. If you are looking for trend, go somewhere else... it will just make my table free up a little sooner. ; )
3	Stopped in here Saturday  morning after some friends suggested it and, of course, I had Yelped it.  Julie wasn't sure when they opened (6AM) so I got there about 6:45 and the place was already about 1/3 full.  The waitress, who appeared to be old enough to be my mother, made sure I knew about the senior menu on the back cover.The service was pretty good.  They initially forgot me as I had been seated in the front corner but after that I was checked on on a regular basis.  I am pretty sure all 3 of the waitresses were seniors and they put a lot of younger servers to shame as they bustled around taking care of their and each others customers.  Definite teamwork in play.  Many of the customers appeared to be regulars as they chatted with the waitresses and folks at other tables.I may have ordered the wrong thing.  I had the Sh-- on a shingle with 2 eggs on the side and a large glass of orange juice.  It consisted of their standard white gravy with some shreds of corned beef on top.  The basic gravy had a pepper taste which I have had before in diners but I would have assumed the dish would be made with chipped beef.  Probably not ordered consistently enough to make it worth while.  Even after eating my eggs the gravy was scalding hot and I was surprised it had not separated or filmed over, which would have been my luck doing it at home.  Total bill w/tax $9.51, and I was full.Overall the place had a good vibe to it.  It opens early enough I want to stop in and try some of the breakfast specials that are only available on weekdays.
4	Well, I've been meaning to yelp this place for a while now. I stopped by today for breakfast and decided that today was the day. Although I don't really like the plates and cups and silly sayings on the walls and counters and everywhere else they could fit it I love the food and staff. Everyone where some teams jersey, I'm not a fan but whatever. I'm there for the food and friendly service. It's true that they are almost always busy, requiring a wait. I don't care. It's usually not long and it's worth it. My fav on the extensive menu is Adam's Eggs. An extra large biscuit, poached eggs, ham and cream gravy. Oh yes, and a huge portion of home fries. Delicious!!! The plate sized pancakes are great and Farmer John Breakfast or something like that is a meal for 3 people. That is not an exaggeration. All things considered they have my vote for best breakfast. Maybe I should make the trek down to Matt's but their wait is just not attractive to me. I hear the food is awesome, but in neighborhood Ronnies is king.
4	A good stick-to-the-ribs breakfast at low cost in a comfy place -- what more can you ask for? To fortify ourselves for a long day driving around the valley, a visiting friend and I went to this place after finding it on yelp. The place has a nice at-ease vibe about it, with friendly staff and cute and kitschy decorative items covering the walls. We found out upon closer inspection that all those items on the wall are for sale, and were very inexpensive without looking cheap. My friend ordered the eggs, hash browns, sausage, and homemade bread. I ordered the $5.99 steak and eggs, plus a side of 1 pancake which turned out to be huge. We sampled each other's orders; everything was good and I especially liked my steak, which I ordered medium and was thick, tasty and juicy - a really great deal for the price. Once again, thanks to yelp for letting this foodie find a great place to eat on a limited budget.
4	Walking up to Ronnie's Cafe I was thinking "Ugh this is going to be another hole in the wall diner grease-fest" Walking in I changed my mind. I agree with Devin J.  "It may look like it was over-decorated by the kitschiest of grandmothers..." but it had a cozy charm to it. And it seemed most of the decore was for sale!The food may not be the healthiest but it was still really good and the servings are gynormous. The staff and even the patrons were all very friendly. Our waitress even gave my niece a hug and kiss on the cheek when she told her it was her 4th birthday.I had the Adam which is biscuits topped with carved ham and gravy and served with potatoes. SO SO SO GOOD!My dad had the chili omelet and was not happy with it. It was bland, no chili taste to it. It looked more like canned refried beans on it instead of chili, but of the four of us, he was the only one not happy with his food.
4	Great breakfast place homie large portions very good home fried potatos frendly staff good atmsphere
5	I love this place. If you're looking for comfort breakfast food like biscuits and gravy or steak and eggs, and a couple pounds of it, this is your place. The menu includes French toast, biscuits and gravy, shit on a shingle, about 15 different omelets, steak and eggs, chicken fried steak and eggs, Belgian waffles, breakfast burritos, etc and lunch items. With almost every breakfast, you get real home-style potatoes and choice of bread. If I go here, I don't eat the rest of the day. Every entree is less than $10 and if you come weekdays before 10:30, there's quite a few specials under $5. Awesome feeling to be full all day for less than $10. I've being coming here for about 4 years and is my go to for a hangover meal or a hearty meal with my dad.
5	There are many places to get breakfast in town.  Ronnie's is one of the best.  The food is good the service is fast and the prices are low.  You wanted something else?I just went for the first time and had sausage and eggs and eggs.  My coffee cup was never less than half full.  The sausage and eggs were good and the potatoes were really good because they were herbed instead of loaded with salt.I especially enjoyed the decor.  Was very kinda country home decor with walls covered with knick knacks and stuff.  Quite homey.Next time I'm in area, I'll go again.  Their menu look good also for lunch....mainly sandwiches and salads.  Will try those too whenever I can.
5	Ronnie's ROCKS.  We ate at Don Ruben's (excellent Mexican food next door to Ronnies) and were referred to Ronnies for breakfast.  We usually go to The Place - Ronnie's takes the cake.  Not only are their serving big enough for 2 or three but the actually taste is amazing.  I usually get the skillet.  Center-cut bacon, ham, cheese and red potatoes.  My Mom gets the Feta spinach omelet and I've had the French toast.  The service is wonderful and you'll never have an empty cup of coffee.  This is our "go-to" breakfast place.
4	I love Ronnie's and frequently eat a hearty meal there; the weekend potato pancakes are awesome, HUGE pancakes, amazing salads, and a delicious breakfast burrito.  However, Ronnie's does not get a 5 star rating because the service is terrible. Most of the waitresses are extremely rude and unfriendly, but the prices are great so it's hard to complain too much!
4	Met a friend here for breakfast while i was in town.there is a ton of great things on this menu but i wasnt really prepared when it was time to order and threw out pigs and a blanket. Not what i really wanted but i was good and service was great.I would eat the pigs in a blanket again but wouldnt order it again because there is to many good things on this menu.
5	Went to Ronnie's again after visiting several other diner genre restaurants and found out that I had omitted one important thing ...at least the wife considers it important:  When you leave the restaurant, your clothes don't smell of grease.
3	Ronnies is a good place to have a nice breakfast or a decent lunch. The staff is good, they keep your drinks full and will help you in any way possible. We went for lunch. I had a pastrami sandwich and it was good but not great. There was nothing that made it stand out and say "Here I am, I am the best Pastrami you have ever had" While I am glad the food does not talk to me I was hoping for a little more. LOL If I were a huge breakfast fan, I would try this again. Otherwise, it will be in the distant rotation if I am ever stuck and can't find a new place to go.
4	Never noticed this place because it doesn't have a big pretentious sign.  Had the chicken fried steak for breakfast.  Generous portions and it was well cooked with just the right amount of spices.  The home fries were huge and also well cooked.  Excellent meal for 10 bucks!!!!  The also have lots of specials so I will be returning  to try the other items!  The service was also great, they always checked in  to top off my coffee and water and they were friendly to boot!!! what a PLUS PLUS PLUS PLUS PLUS PLUS PLUS PLUS
3	I've been here twice, once for breakfast....eeehh. Then again for breakfast but I had lunch....which was good.  I chicken sandwich was huge and the fries where really good.  We also had coupons so it made the meal even more affordable.When we get more coupons we will re-visit, LOL.
5	I can NOT say enough about how great this place is. The people that work there have been working there FOR-ever. And all their sassy attitude makes me want to come back everyday. Not to mention I get coupons for this place in the mail at least once a month. I love trying new things, but their biscuits and gravy will stick to you all day. And they have a great el cheap -o menu if you get there before 10:30. What? Breakfast with me soon, why yes please. :)
4	Ronnie's is everything that everyone has said it would be. We will definitely be back! The pancakes are huge and their food is good also. I can't wait to try their biscuits and gravy yum
5	I had the skillet which was very good. Everything tasted homemade and the service was great. The portion sizes were huge! It definitely made it to the top of my list of places to have breakfast.
3	Not bad, not bad.   It has been a challenge to find a good spot of breakfast in the Phoenix area and so far, with only one try so far, this one seems to be the best of the bunch.   I had the chicken fried steak and eggs, with homemade bread (good choice) and country style hash brown baby red potatoes.   This I will say, the country style has brown potatoes were the best I have every had, super crisp on the outside, done right on the inside with herb and spices.
5	I was headed for the Mexican place right nextg door, but decided to give this little diner a try.  I am glad I did.  A friendly staff, and HUGE portions made it a memorable stop!!  The pancakes fill the entire plate, and it's not a small plate either.  Plenty of good food, served hot and fresh and with a smile.  It's well worth the trip!
5	everything is still good.  Service is still wonderful.  If you're coming on Sunday morning, there's often a wait. (It's worth waiting).
4	Great food at an affordable price. This is my new favorite place for breakfast.  Beware the pancakes are huge.
4	What a great place.  Walked in and a very home-style feel to it.  Friendly down-to-earth service.The kids pancake was huh-uge (a lumberjack would've been scared of the size).  I mean it was really big for a kids pancake.  My niece ate such a tiny sliver that it looked like we didn't touch it.My eggs and chorizo plate was huge, I was able to get through maybe half to two-thirds done.Service was awesome and friendly.  Would definitely eat here again!
2	Based on the Yelp reviews, I took my Dad here with my sons to celebrate his birthday over breakfast. The decor is fun and homey if not a little busy. We were seated right away and our server was very nice and patient as we poured over their extensive menu.And now comes the reason for the 2 stars. Although the server was good, the kitchen was not. I ordered egg whites and got regular scrambled eggs. My son ordered a make your own omelet and they messed it up. What was interesting is that our server noticed the food was wrong while she was serving it to us and still attempted to give it to us anyway while arguing with herself that it was wrong. We turned the food back and she went back to the kitchen and reemed the kitchen staff a new @-hole. Literally. We were sitting by the kitchen and heard her yelling at them...and apparently this wasn't their first screw up of that morning.  We saw the ticket and she had clearly written it up right so this was all the kitchen's fault. At this point, our food came out in pieces. My son got his omelet but not his sides. I got my toast on one plate, bacon on another, and egg whites came out about 15 minutes after everyone else's food. Further, the "fruit cup" is basically canned fruit cocktail with a couple of cantaloup cut into it. Not cool. It was basically a big cluster----. Our server apologized profusely and frequently. Now, in knowing that our experience was not what it should have been, our server could have given us a discount or taken a meal off or something, but nothing was offered and there didn't appear to be a manager around. I looked. Which leads me to wonder if she wasn't a manager given the way she reemed out the kitchen staff, now that I think about it. I'll consider trying them again because it can't be that bad twice. The food, once we got it, was tasty. We will definitely need to share in the future because the portions are obscenely large. I hope next visit is better than this one.
5	My boyfriend took me to Ronnie's for the first time almost a year ago.  We both agree it is the BEST food and service we've ever had!  The staff there are all wonderful and treat everyone like family!  I cannot say enough good about this place, keep up the good work and see you all soon!!!
4	Really good food, came here because of Yelp and I am sick of the same old breakfast places.  It is a great little casual hole in the wall (maybe a little bigger), old grandma decor, could pass on the roosters on the table cloth.  Service was good, but there were some white trash people sitting next to me that could not stop cursing every other word.  It looked like a 40+ year old daughter with her dad too which made it worse.  The food on the other hand was great, the potatoes are real cut up potatoes that have been grilled crispy and lightly browned.  I ordered the special which was a green chilli omelet with swiss cheese covering it.   I would come back (what are the odds I would get WT sitting next to me again...right?).  Oh yeah, they have a steak and eggs special too for $5.99
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! In a world of pretentious all-show, no-go breakfast "jointz" Ronnie's is an oasis of friendly service, homey decor and great food. What I found most refreshing about Ronnie's were their patrons. I felt welcomed by their regulars. Some of them came to my table to randomly chat. I felt like I was back home. It helps that I have a super cute baby, but I rarely get that welcomed feeling from Scottsdale's elite foodies who stink-eye me because they think I'm biting their style. Hopefully Ronnie's doesn't become a hipster hangout. Ronnie's is great, not Ironically.
4	HUGE portions and the food was EXCELLENT!  Wish this place was in my hometown!  The decor is like your grandmas sun room, but for that food I'll deal with it!
3	Husband loved steak and eggs. Pancake was excellent! Hollandaise sauce was horrible! Coffee was yuk. Really good prices!
4	I have yet to walk out of this place hungry. I know when we are going here, you might be rolling me out! They are open for breakfast and lunch and close at 2PM daily. Breakfast are huge and very filling, the pancakes overhang on a regular dinner plate. I love the sandwiches as well, plenty of meat and more fries than you ever need. Reasonably priced and staff is pleasant as well. This is a can't go wrong type of place.
4	Just got back form Ronnie's Cafe. Very interesting place. I drive by there several times a week but did not know they were there. Was looking for a new breakfast spot to try this morning and they were close. This was Saturday morning and the place was pretty busy. We was seated within 5 min. of arriving. The decor is what I wold call unique. Very unique. Almost like waking into a boutique. Many pictures, plates, cups, magnets. Lots of stuff for sale. Or at least there was price tags on the items. Some of the carpentry work looked almost temporary. Nailed in place but never quite finished. Plenty of light and not so loud where you and the person you was with could not talk easily. The service. We were treated as valued guests. There were several times to fill the coffee cups and to check if you needed anything else. The meals. This was breakfast. I got their two eggs, potatoes, toast. Not a complicated meal and it was very good. Way more potatoes than I could eat. I got rye toast and it was better than most places I get rye toast at. My wife got the cinnamon french toast. They make the cinnamon bread there and my wife said it was good. They could have a broader selection of syrup. Conclusion?? Good place eat breakfast. Food is reasonable priced and good. Service we received was very good.Have a nice dayEnjoy
3	Tried Ronnie's for the first time today.  Never would have noticed it without Yelp review.  Good service.  Good food.  Awesome potatoes.  Bacon sadly was overcooked.  Will take kids there and see what their opinion is since they are pickier than me:)
3	First time here came for lunch with father and brother . We were greeted by an older women who seated us pretty promptly.. Our waitress didn't come right away but when she showed up she was great. Our food was pretty good I got the chef salad and it was a decent size.. My only complainant was they didn't have the dressing that I wanted.. Dad and Brothers meals were pretty decent according to them.. I will go back and try something else in the future . Now the only thing that was really distracting was the little tiff between two of the waitress's , maybe not everyone saw it but I did.. A little professionalism goes a long ways ladies..
2	Been here a few times. Food is ok. Nothing special. But this last time I went in a group of 5 and ended walking out. We went for breakfast. It wasn't crowded but we never got served. There were plenty of waitresses and after a 1\2 hour of not even getting coffee we had enough. Dont have a clue why we were snubbed, but to add insult to injury, two of the employees had to make sarcastic remarks like "Have a nice day!" on our way out. Don't understand, and don't really care cause we are never going back.  If you are looking for an awesome breakfast I highly recommend " Crazy Otto's " just up the street. Your not missing anything special at Ronnies. Cept bad customer service. :P
4	*** WARNING: Their pancakes are the size of a medium pizza ***Breakfast at Ronnie's was everything I expected and more. The food was very good. All 5 of us that went enjoyed what we ordered. Their portions are huge. You get what you pay for and the prices are about the same as every other breakfast place I've tried. The service was excellent. Our waitress was friendly and on top of things our whole visit. Never did a coffee cup go empty... Ronnie's will probably become part of our regular rotation... I know I'll go back at least one more time because the French Toast I saw at another table looked really good...
5	Finally tried Ronnie's for breakfast. BEST crispy home fries/breakfast potatoes ever!! Huge pancake was excellent too. Eggs over medium were cooked to perfection. Staff treated us as if we were regulars (and it was our first time). Highly recommend!! A must try!
5	Decided to try this place out after a friend recommended it.  A great atmosphere, very friendly staff.  Food is absolutely delicious; the home fries (breakfast potatoes) are incredibly crispy and to die for, eggs were cooked perfectly, and the pancakes are light and fluffy.  Definitely coming back.
5	So glad we found this place on Yelp. Seriously our favorite breakfast. So much better than The Place. My boyfriend is already making plans to go back tomorrow. Ha!
4	Good Food, Nice People.
5	This is our absolute favorite breakfast place!  We used to live just a couple of blocks away, but now we live on the North East side of town and still drive over often.  Ronnie's has the best potatoes I've ever had in a restaurant - EVER!  Portions are huge, never once have I cleaned my plate, although I wanted to.Service is always warm and friendly and prices are low by comparison to most breakfast places.  Seriously worth the drive if you don't live in this area of town.
4	The portions are huge, and for a great price. I got the Meat Lovers Omelet, and it was purely delightful. The Home Fries were great, and is the perfect side for whatever entree you choose. I'm a visitor from CA, and this has to be one of the best breakfast places I have ever eaten at. If you are traveling, you should consider coming to Ronnie's for breakfast. You will not be disappointed.
4	Warning: the portions here are HUGE.I stopped by here twice in one week and wish I would've gone more. The skillets and Belgian waffles are to die for. Again, bring a huge appetite or a couple friends.If you go on the weekends, get there early because it fills up quickly.
1	Just because you get a massive plate of food at this place, it does not warrant good marks. Yesterday's breakfast was one of the top worst overall experiences that we have ever had in a restaurant. First my expectation was not set high at all being it was New Year's Day. We had nine people in out group and put ourselves on the list and waited patiently. At least that was until I noticed a large group leave and them split up the multiple tables put together to make a large table, and begin seating 2 person parties that came in after us. Yes we were next on the list. It took me saying something for them to realize the error and put some tables back together and get us a seat.We ordered drinks and food after 15min of sitting while the server was running around to all her other tables.  Then, she didn't come back to check on us for over 45min.  Our drinks were empty, adults were frustrated and kids getting restless. Everyone in the restaurant could see what was happening to us, some sharing their own frustration with us.  When we finally had the server come back after 45min, she let me know they just got to our ticket and were out of the hash I ordered.  It was pretty funny how I could see the kitchen quite well and watched plenty of tickets put up after ours, get pulled before ours and filled.  Anyway, I choose plan B for breakfast and we waited some more. Now its an hour since we ordered and the restaurant is beginning to clear out and we still have no food. Lots of customers sat after us have got their food and left. The waitress comes back and offers nothing but excuses as to why we still have not eaten. My brother in law, finally got up and left.  We all should of left at this point but the kids really were starving.  It was now after 12 noon and we had come in around 10:00am.Food eventually came and was OK. Not great by any means. Not worth the wait or the fact most of our order was wrong. We had our breakfast boxed and left.  As we were leaving, I hear the same server we had, telling another customer that they just got to his ticket and had run out of hash.  The server knew 20 min before this that they were out of hash.  Any reason she had no commmon sense to inform that customer sooner? Needless to say, we will NEVER eat here again and don't suggest anyone else does that expects at least a little service with their meal.
3	I'm not exactly sure why this place gets such good reviews.... The food is pretty mediocre. The portion sizes are out of control. I ordered the breakfast burrito with no sausage...it came out and had sausage in it...boooo. Oh well. I only ate maybe a third of the thing because it was so massive. The flavor was pretty bland...nothing exciting. The BF got biscuits and gravy and a pancake and thought they were really good. I thought they were also pretty meh. I will say the service was excellent and our waitress was very friendly. I wouldn't go back here on my own, but I wouldn't completely refuse to go back here if the BF wanted it again.
3	Nice atmosphere, good portions, somewhat fairly priced (until they raised the price on the steak and eggs),  friendly people for the most part (will explain below).  I am one of the originals who came to this place from the very beginning.  I was a steady customer for a long time.  People there knew my name, what I liked to drink, eat, etc etc.  This all changed one day while I was in there having breakfast close to where the cash register is.  I overheard the waitresses talking down about a regular customer who I have seen in there quite often.  What they were saying was inappropriate and should not have been said about the guy.  After witnessing that I find myself going there less and less.  Too many other breakfast places out there to have to listen to employees talking down about the customers.
3	Good food, huge portions (they're ok with sharing), and terrible coffee. I am immediately enamored when I order my potatoes crispy, and they show up that way! (The breakfast potatoes were the best part of the meal.)Nice place if you're wanting to sit and chat. The staff was extremely friendly.
5	We loved this place!! The staff was so friendly and  I enjoyed the environment. Great prices and huge portions! It was so nice to finally find a great breakfast place while on vacation after not having much luck. I will definitely be back when I am in AZ!!
4	Not, Bad. At All.I like having healthy options, and this place is lacking, so that's why I deducted a star.However, their biscuits and gravy were yummmmmmmmmThe coffee was poured generously! A plus for meeeeeeTheir iced tea tasted mmm mmmm good.Parking could be difficult, but my bf and I went a little later in the morning that most people, and we got a spot easy peasy!That's about all I have to say about this place.Sooooo yeah.Check it out, because why not?
4	Country fried steak was great. Nice and crispy.They serve a large amount of gravy with the country fried steak, but definitely compliments the dish and adds a ton of flavor.The fried potatoes were awesome, nice and crispy with a soft center. Scrambled eggs were good as well. My girlfriend got the strawberry pancakes, and it looked like a pizza when they brought it out. The pancakes were huge, and worth it for only costing $6. Service was good, waitress was on top of our order and we got our food very fast. For less than $17, we enjoyed a wonderful breakfast on a saturday morning, and got right in without a wait. Overall experience was great, and would recommend Ronnie's Cafe to anyone, especially people who like large portions. Will be going back very soon!
3	When we first arrived we were told  the special  for the day was Ortega chilli and cheese omlet. I asked what exactly that was and the waitress answered "ortega chilli in a omlet with cheese" I'm like OKAY you just said the same thing and switched the words around! I don't know what Ortega chilli is! Anywho they gave us a new waitress she was so nice the portions were huge the food was mediocre and the prices were very reasonable. I will be back.
5	This place is delicious.  Now, when I say delicious, I mean slap-yo-mama-do-a-dance-and-feel-the-magic-on-your-tastebuds good!!The man and I went here for breakfast on a Sunday morning around 10:30ish.  I wasn't sure if the after church crowd would have taken the place over by then, but we were willing to risk it.  We love little local dives and based on the reviews, we figured this was right up our alley.When we arrived, we were told that it would be about 15 minutes.  We waited on a couple of chairs outside and were called in less than five.  I had originally gone in with the intention of getting the egg croissant sandwich (a picture was posted), but then EVERYTHING looked good, so I wanted to try a little of everything.I got the "Julie's Everyday Breakfast" (or something like that... basically bacon and eggs) with the home fries and biscuits and gravy.  The man got the breakfast skillet with chorizo and we got a pancake (yes, just one) to share. The coffee was refilled twice before our order got there.  Not because it took a long time, but because they're THAT on top of it.  Everything was fan-freaking-TASTIC.  We like to think of ourselves as connoisseurs of bacon and this was some of the best!  It was thick cut and crispy without being burnt.  The eggs were light and fluffy, the home fries were nicely cooked (but needed a touch of salt.)  The man's skillet was REALLY flavorful and had a kick without being TOO spicy (well, it was spicy for me, but i'm a honkey white girl... he added salsa and hot sauce to it...) He went with the server's suggestion to get tortillas on the side to make a couple of little breakfast burritos... which he did and he still had HALF of his breakfast left!! And the pancake was everything a pancake should be.  It was spongey but not soggy, sweet but not sugary and the sides spilled over the edge of the plate.  Yum!!The decor was that of a typical local diner.  The chairs were on casters which was nice; there were pictures and decorations covering the walls that were for sale and the plates were the usual beige color.  Sure, the carpet could use some updating and the plastic table cloths remind me of my grandma's house.  But overall, it was great and we will definitely be back and we'll be bringing our friends and their appetites!
5	The service was fantastic as was the food. Their corn beef hash is homemade... delicious. Pancakes are light fluffy and huge! I also recommend the biscuits and gravy. Stick to your ribs good. Get there between 6:00 and 10:30am for breakfast
4	We have been semi-regulars of Ronnie's for a few years. The food is consistently very good, the portions are huge, and the servers are all extremely nice and very attentive. It's not fancy or gourmet, but it's seasoned well and tastes good. My bf always gets the steak & eggs special and for the price, it's always very good (potential for chewy cheap steak, but it's not). The only criticism I can give is that since they expanded the dining room last year, the kitchen sometimes gets backed up when they are swamped (more seats but no extra kitchen = slower food) so you will sometimes wait a little longer for your food. We always have some type of special request on our order (extra cheese or sauce, no sausage, etc) and they always get it right. I definitely recommend Ronnie's, and have sent many friends there, but if you've never been there before, you may want to go on a week day when they aren't so swamped. But... the place is swamped for a reason.
5	My BFF and I just found this place even though he has lived around the corner for 25 years.  Food was fabulous.  I had cheese burger and fries, he had a skillet breakfast with bisquits and gravy.  Waitress was a sweety, helpful and attentive.  Coffee wasn't the best tasting but was served generously.  Prices are great too!  Wish they had cocktails!
5	Amazing food, amazing prices and amazing service!!! Ask for Danielle when you go. She'll take care of you.
3	Been there 3 times the first time I had the eggs and rib eye steak the steak was not that great kind of dry and hard, the 2nd time I HAD the chops and eggs again the chops was a little tough and hard but they were big, the 3 time today we waited like 1/2 hour for our food and when it did come my wife and doughter came first and mine came about 10 min later, was not happy about that, and the NY strip that I ordered was Raw, so they took it back and it came back perfect I must say, about 8 min latter, my wife ordered the NY strip and it was a little tough and dry for my taste, they need to up there meat game, don't know if I will go back, but I might, but wont order the steak or chops that's for sure.
5	Been here at least a dozen times and never left disappointed or Hungary.  Great food and service!
4	I've been here on two occasions and service has been pretty nice. I've tried the breakfast sandwich and the french toast and the food is definitely better than the standard Ihop/Denny's chain breakfasts. Portion sizes are bigger than usual. Staff is very friendly.
5	My family goes out for breakfast every weekend. We're always searching for the perfect spot: unpretentious with a breakfast to rock your socks off. When I saw the pictures on Yelp with the homey decor and plates piled high with scrumptious looking breakfast staples, I knew we'd found a winner. I was surprised there was no wait on a Sunday morning. We were seated and drink orders taken right away. We all enjoyed our breakfast thoroughly. Portions were huge and prices very affordable. We ordered the kids french toast for my son and the kitchen accidentally made the adult portion. Our waitress noticed right away and only charged us the kid's price. For about $30 we had breakfast for three adults and one child, with leftovers to boot. And before I forget: the breakfast potatoes were AMAZEBALLS! I consider myself a connoisseur of breakfast potatoes and these were seriously the best I've ever had. Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, and seasoned perfectly. Awesome!
4	Great food..huge portions and very friendly staff.
5	OK, so here's the deal. My wife and I discovered the little gem about 4 years ago and quickly became "regulars." At least once a week we were there. Then the Army sent us to GA for two years. All we did was talk about Ronnie's. And the day we got back to Phoenix, we went to Ronnie's and it was like we never left. The portions are huge (my wife and I always split the Paula and Jim's Skillet). My son, who's 15 and a big eater, has yet to be able to finish a whole pancake. But honestly, the best part about this place is the people. All the wait staff are great, the owner is a sweetheart who acknowledges every customer when they come in and again when they leave and the kitchen guys are geniuses. These guys put out all this food in a kitchen the size of a small walk in closet. Overall, the best breakfast in Phoenix.
5	We love this place. We get one of the skillet breakfasts and share it! The waitresses are always kind and very personable. They make you feel at home and the food is like home cooked as well!
4	I woke up this morning wanting "big breakfast" like we used to make growing up.  But since it's just me, I didn't want to make all that food.  When I looked it up in yelp, Ronnie's looked good and it was less than 10 miles away.  Staff was friendly & helpful.  There was about a 10min wait,  but not bad for a Sunday.   Food was AMAZING!   I ordered the Cadd Special (2 pancakes,  2 eggs & 2 strips of bacon).  But silly me, I couldn't resist the Biscuits & Gravy so I ordered a 1/2 order.  I was also dying to try the home fries but decided my eyes were probably larger than my stomach (thank goodness I did not order more food).  The pancakes were so LARGE they filled a whole plate on their own.  Seriously,  I only ate half of one & I was stuffed!  The half order of biscuits & gravy was the perfect side & they were also Fabulous! Next time my family us in town,  we will be visiting Ronnies.
4	New to this place, food is good and as everyone says portions are huge... staff is very friendly... Definitely going back when I am near there..
4	Ronnie's is open 7 days a week, and that's seven days of temptation for me. When I bring someone who's never been here before, their eyes goggle when the food comes to the table.Breakfast here spoils you for anywhere else. Tasty food, plenty of it (like...maybe share), and reasonable prices.They get busy on the weekends, but have a lot of tables, good waitstaff, and a good sense of humor. Keeps the line moving right along, so don't be intimidated if you see one.
5	First off, the portions are HUGE!  Every single bite is delectable.  Ther service is outstnading.  It feels like I'm eating in my family kitchen because the servers act like you really are family.  To top it off, there is always something new to look at!!!totally worth it.
5	Holy crap!  This omelette was huge!  And good.  And so were the home fried potatoes, which are actually hash browns.  I went online to find the best breakfast places in Peoria and this place was at the top of the list.  Seemed very family-oriented in two ways: family friendly, yet locals seemed to be treated like family.  I felt very comfortable being here amongst the locals.And a great thing happened while here. I was sitting next to some folks that were telling the waitress, whom they were aquainted with, about how they were interested in selling their 4 tickets to the Cards football game the next day. I asked them a few questions about the tickets. By the time I left the restaurant, I had two tickets and a parking pass for a better price than I could have ever gotten at the game. Thank you, whoever you are!!Place was packed on this Saturday morning.  Great homey decor.  Service was excellent and everyone was friendly.  If you live in the area, you probably have been here.  If you haven't, you should go.
5	We have been going there for the last year and we absolutely love Ronnie's. The food is so good! The staff is always friendly which is very important to me and my family.
4	The place is very neighborhood friendly place. There were some stuff on sale in the front part of the cafe, and the waitresses are very busy. We ordered veggie omelet and a skillet, and they were both amazing. The omelet was very good in portion and quality (4 eggs ones oh yeah), and the skillet was just amazing. Based on their prize, they were definitely worth going back again.
5	I give this a five star only because for what it is, it's BANGIN. I got so,etching called the farmers meal, or something like that. It was MASSIVE. When you order a pancake here they give you one the size of three, and it's actually delicious. They have wonderful crispy home fries. It was just a great and filling meal. So I give it a five star. They cooked one hell of a breakfast.
5	Ronnie's is awsome, big, huge, yummy, good, really great, delicious, fantastic, great staff, fun, homey, big, huge food, lady's are the best, yummy, oh wait I said that already, yummy again! Big huge food,  Makes me bloated but I like it, needs to be open until 3pm, great food. Ladies there are fun.    Ok, just go eat there. Nuff said.
1	My wife and I came here solely from the reviews. As we are sitting it took over 5 minutes to even get a hello from the waitress.  We were sat at noon after a 15 min wait. My wife ordered a Pepsi and it was tasteless.  She exchanged for an iced tea that is weak. We ordered soup before the meal and it hasn't shown up in the last 10 minutes. Service is weak at best. Just before the meal showed up the waitress said they were out of chicken noodle soup....at the beginning of lunch?  The food came piping hot but the breakfast burrito has no flavor whatsoever.  My wife has had to put salt on it 3 times. The Greek omelet was flavorful and big. The side of fruit was disappointing as was the barely warm frozen buscuit.  Since we came from the east side to come here we are not impressed with this visit.
4	Great little mom and pop gem in Glendale.  Tried this place for or the first time this afternoon after seeing the reviews.  French dip sandwich and Ronnie's special (cheeseburger with pastrami) were both excellent.  Great fries.  Portions were large, great value for the price, which was very affordable.  Service was friendly and fast!  Best peach tea we've had in quite some time.This is a new family fave;-). Thanks for all the previous reviews!
4	Always friendly service and good food.  Prices are low and portions are big.  The waitresses are very nice.
4	This is a truly bizarre restaurant, but they do serve a good breakfast. As others have mentioned the portions really are huge. I can be a fairly big eater at times and I found one pancake to be more than enough. My wife's omelette was also large to the point where she had leftovers. We found the bill to be very reasonable. The biggest issue this place has is slow service, but in fairness it is a busy place on a Sunday morning. One thing that I found interesting is that you can buy antiques that are hanging on the wall. We didn't indulge in that, but it was kind of neat to see.
2	To be honest the food was a 4 but the service was really bad, as in 1 star. Our sever was actually really nice and did a good job. The kitchen couldn't seem to get anything right. I'll save you the details but we got our food 30 min after we ordered.  On top of that it came out spread over the next 15 min. The place has severe management issues. Somone needs to show them how to run a restaurant with some efficiency. Luckily I don't live in phx so this won't be an issue for me again.
5	This place is really very good! :) great selection of food, great prices and portions and the food is delicious. The vibe in the place is very homey and comfortable. Great place to enjoy urself with some great food.
4	Came here for breakfast and was very happy with the visit. It was very busy on a Sunday but waited about 15 minutes for a party of 5. I had the southwest omelette and it was delicious. I think it was about $8 and the portion was huge! Didn't even finish half. Pancakes are huge also. Covers a whole large plate. I tried my husbands country ham and it was very tasty also. They have all sorts of pictures and decor on the wall you get just take off and take to the cashier once you've finished and ready to pay. Most of the decor was cheesy but cool concept and there were some cool things. All the staff was moving a million miles a minute but very nice and eager to help you in a timely matter. Will definitely be back. Great food, huge portions, very reasonable prices!
5	Awesome spot, prices are crazy good, and waitress was so friendly! $4.75 breakfast is an awesome value, pancakes are huge.$6.99 steak and eggs is crazy good!First time visiting AZ and first time using Yelp, we will be back to this dinner.
4	Cool little "old skool" pocket restaurant, friendly "Locals" and wait staff are very friendly as well.  Not the quickest turnaround for a breakfast but still very good food and the portions are ridiculously large, The wife and I order one breakfast entree and split everything, most recently a Meat Lovers Omelett. We'll probably be regulars until we're dead or until we move.
2	It was nothing special, Nothing special, and Nothing special..the service was not that good either #ImOuttaHere
3	Typical American fare. Bland food doused with cheese, salt, and grease to provided flavor where there otherwise might be none. However, the prices were very reasonable and the portions were very large, so you will absolutely get your money's worth. This type of food is not for those looking to be healthy, and coming here may remind of the obesity epidemic America faces. Other than that, the place really doesn't stand out in any way. There are some nice decorations hung up about the store you can purchase, but that's about the only unique feature. In every sense, mediocre is the word that I'd use to sum this place up.
4	Very nice people working here, great food consistently, you can't go wrong.  Biscuits and gravy are delish
5	The food here is amazing!!! Plus, you get A LOT of food! Niki is the best server I have ever come across! If you want good food and great service, this is the place to go! I would HIGHLY recommend requesting Niki as your server!
2	The reviews about mediocre service is spot on. Good value and likeability of the food. Wife says she'll be back but probably without me. Server paid too much attention to regulars and neglect newcomers.
2	Everything about this place is average to below average. Nothing was good, from the service to the food, except maybe the coffee. We had a vegetable omelette and the broccoli in it was still frozen. The mushrooms were canned. The home fries looked good, but had no flavor. The chicken fried steak was below average. As was the gravy, which was actually almost not good. The powdered packaged gravy you make at home is better. Out server was civil, but not particularly friendly. The ambiance is nice, it's too bad the food isn't....
4	This place is cute. Very homey! Prices are affordable! Our server, Sandra, was the best. She is very friendly! I had biscuits and gravy and mixed fruit for breakfast. The biscuits we're soft and buttery. The gravy was think and peppery just like I like it! The fruit tasted weird though. The cantaloupe and pineapple were not fresh. They tasted old. Other than that, I was pretty satisfied with my meal. The atmosphere is a little old and run down but what's cool is that the decorations on the wall are for sale. Cool! Ronnie' s cafe was a tasty and friendly place!
5	Eggs and extra potatoes, with jalepenos in the potatoes. Red gunslinger sauce to cover my plate in spicy goodness is how I like it. I get my protein and spicy and crunchy potatoes fried to perfection. Oh ya and rye toast with no butter. They are my taste buds and I give them five stars.
4	Went for an early morning/late night breakfast with the hubby. The atmosphere was lovely, the patrons seemed happy and the wait staff was great. My coffee was never empty! I ordered the French toast with a twist (the twist is that they make their own bread) and it was divine. My only gripe is that there wasn't more! My husband ordered the western omelette with home potatoes (or home fries maybe?) and it was huge. Too much food for him to finish. He enjoyed his as well, commenting on the ham specifically being delicious. I was very pleased with the overall service, surroundings, price and the food. My one bad note (which is not too big a deal really- certainly nothing to keep you from visiting this lovely sweet and homey little place) is that I ordered a side of fresh fruit (HUGE serving!) that had some chucks of ice in it and the pineapples were canned and completely flavorless. I do believe this to have just been a one in a million type of thing, but noted nonetheless for the honesty of the restaurant review. I suggest you check it out and come hungry!
5	Very nice little place. It sort of reminded me of The Place before it became bigger and lost a bit of quality. Great portion sizes and even better prices.
5	This is my go to breakfast place. I love that their food is not the normal stuff and that they serve HUGE portions. The laid back feel of the place is good too!
5	Our group of 10 members came for a breakfast meeting at Ronnie's.  Since I had called as they asked the day before, they had tables and chairs and set-ups all ready when we walked in at 9 a.m.  Great greeting for a group!We all loved this place!  The huge portions, the good food and the great service really made this event super--and the reasonable price for the food just topped it all off.  More than one person said to come back here when we meet again...and we will!We stayed for 2 hours, loved everything here and will definitely do a repeat in the near future!  Ronnie's Cafe is an excellent breakfast place for us!Our waitress handled the 10 of us with no problem it seemed, and her service was so appreciated.  She was quick, efficient and friendly.  No complaints here.Lots of parking out front and homey atmosphere--almost MIdwestern in it's way--which is  missing in so many places in Phoenix which seems to go for the modern, sterile look that is boring and uninteresting.  We loved the kitchy stuff for sale on their walls, frankly....crazy and we loved it.  We spent part of our time just reading the signs they have up for sale.By the way, try the omelettes--just the size alone will blow you away!
5	I love this place! They have daily specials and home made goodness!
2	Breakfast exploration fail. :(I was really hoping to find a new breakfast spot while taking summer classes at the nearby college. Ronnie's is not the spot.I ordered the waffle, eggs and bacon special and cup of coffee. The waffle was probably the only edible item. I requested my eggs over medium and received them over easy (fine not a problem) but the bacon was sooo limp, My guess it was microwaved. The coffee was probably the biggest disappointment, very weak and watered down. I sat at the bar to eat my food and could hear the servers gossip about the clients. I will continue to search for the breakfast spot because this place was not it.
5	Great Place, Great food and awesome atmosphere!.. if you give anything less that 5 stars, just stay home and pop in the hot pocket in the microwave and watch re-runs of Archie Bunker. Those of us who have seen low quality service,& bad food would appreciate an enjoyable experience with out the negativity!..Bon Apetite!!
2	I live close by to this place and I've tried it 2 or 3 times in every single time it is been not very good food. the first time I went to its just quantity and grease. I decided to give it another shot they had a steak and eggs for $6.99 the steak came it looked like it was boiled rather than seared . I ordered it medium and it came extremely rare on the inside even the two gentleman sitting next to me complained couldn't even eat it waitress really didn't do anything she just hid in the kitchen just got up paid for my bill and told myself I'm not coming back here.
5	Sooo, the breakfast is awesome... The wait can b forever, so if you are in a rush, and its a weekend, you might want to rethink this option! Pay attention to peoples plates as you walk in...The meals are huge, so unless you are the hulk, you probably won't finish the meal on your own. The crowd is an older crowd, when I went, average age was like 50.. the restaurant is very "American", ex-military-ish if that makes sense.. Overall, I would 100% go back. The food is CHEAP and good, you'll be full for the rest of the day off $10.
4	Great restaurant tucked in this shopping strip with a down home type atmosphere.  Food is always good and more than you can eat!  Portions are generous so sharing is a good idea.  Priced are reasonable.I have made this my breakfast stop when I am in the area.
4	Best breakfast in Phoenix. Great prices and you will not believe how much food you get and it taste great. If the line looks long don't worry you will not have more than a 20 minute wait. At least we never have and we go every weekend. Our favorites are the chicken fried stake and the breakfast croissant breakfast. You will have leftovers with any meal you choose.
5	I used to come here a few years back with my dad when he was still alive. It was one of his favorite places for a good breakfast. My wife had seen this place the other day as we drove past so yesterday when we were discussing whether to make breakfast at home or go out, I decided to come to Ronnie's.Upon arrival the parking lot was packed. I expected a long wait. However, we were seated in about 10 minutes.We immediately noticed the knick knacks on the walls. It gave me a "grandma's house" feeling. It was very pleasant. Our waitress was very polite and attentive. Couldn't have asked for better. My 5 year old ordered a pancake breakfast off of the kids/senior menu. The plate consisted of a pancake bigger than I could eat if I tried, eggs, and a big sausage. She loved it!My wife had an omelet. I don't know what it was but it looked AMAZING!I ordered a skillet with eggs, potatoes, chorizo, jalapenos, and tons of cheese. I tried as hard as I could to finish it but I only managed to down half. Flavor is spot on. In fact, it is my lunch today.This place is an absolute must visit!
5	This place is a great place for breakfast or brunch.   I live nearby and knew about Ronnie's for some time, but hadn't occurred to go here until yesterday, after reading some yelp reviews and decided to take a chance.  I was very pleasantly surprised. I had the country fried steak and white  gravy platter, and my significant other had the western omelet, which I had a taste of.  The portions are great and as to the omelet and country fried steak, they were very great tasting, too.  The home fries are the best.  Between the two of us, we had 2 large breakfasts for under $20.   Go hungry, because you will have leftovers.  The people next to us ordered pancakes, and they were the size of the entire plate.  The waitress was very attentive and very polite, the food was delivered fast (I would say within 15 minutes after we ordered it, or less)and we were seated right away, even though it was very busy.  This was a great experience for both of us, and we will be back soon!   I highly recommend Ronnie's.
2	We went there for breakfast on a busy Sunday.  Despite the great service and really friendly staff, the food is not very good. They have huge portions but their omelette and red potatoes were very oily. So depending on your food tastes you will either love this place or be disgusted by it.  There are a lot of people that love it as the place was packed but get ready for the grease.
5	I am so glad I was nearby and saw the great reviews on Yelp, this place was awesome, both the service and the food was excellent today. I had a sirloin steak, with two eggs over easy, a huge portion of home fries, and a wonderful buttermilk biscuit and it only cost me $6.95! I will definitely be back to this place and we'll be bringing friends next time, so glad I found this little gem. I have not tried them yet but I saw others ordering these enormous strawberry pancakes that were like 14 inches wide I would guess! All the portions seem enormous here, can't wait to try some more of this yummy food!
1	This is my third and last visit. The service is hit or miss. The food has always been good. But when you order one thing and get something kinda like it. And your server wants to banter and argue with you then I have had enough. The food is not that good. Thank goodness I didn't have a food allergy cause what I ordered had olives in it and it didn't state that on the menu. You may wanna fix your menu so the customer knows what they are ordering. And to our server lisa I know you didn't cook the food I get that but arguing with a customer is poor customer service. But by the looks of the other reviews this place isnt known for their customer service. It's waitress and places like this that give us good waitress's bad names. I'm sure nothing will be done about this and things will go on there marry way but Atleast I have the option not to be part of it.
4	My wife & I come to Ronnies frequently.  The food and coffee are very good and plentiful.    Their food is heavy calorie wise.  We try to watch our weight but their fare does not help.  they really need to add a few light calorie items.  Other restaurants that did not did not survive.  I don't think Ronnie's would but they need to fill out their menu with some lighter fare.  We usually get take away boxes and have enough for  breakfast the next day.
2	it was just ok.  The portions are large and the quality was so-so..I had a Greek omelet and it had way too much feta, hubby had a Florentine omelet and didn't complain.  Their potatoes (home fries) were crispy..I just wasn't impressed.  Weird thing about the service too...they don't bring everyone's food at the same time - I noticed this at other tables too.
5	Great atmosphere. Amazing portions. Delicious. Definitely  a great place to start your morning off right
5	Food was very good and the portions are huge. But mostly, super friendly and efficient staff!! My husband is a type 1 diabetic and was having a scary low blood sugar episode during lunch and the wait staff brought him glasses of orange juice and a brownie.  Even before that they were quick and attentive. Would definitely go again.
4	I enjoy going to Ronnie's, the prices are great and the food is really good. Except for their burgers, for some reason when you order a burger rare or medium rare, it is always well done, I have yet to have a good burger here, so I have given up on them. Breakfast is always great, the amount of food they give you is crazy, you will never leave there not being full. If in the area and are looking for a cute place to eat try Ronnie's, the service is always great here too.
5	I only come here for The Best breakfast in town, I love this country goodness. Very large portions they do not cheat you enough food for 2 people.
5	By far one of the best meals I have had in a very long time. I had the Paula and Jim skillet and was not disappointed! Huge portion and reasonably priced! We added a short stack and thank goodness we shared it! The service was amazing from the moment  I stepped in the door. I immediately felt like they knew me and had been friends for years. Highly recommend this amazing joint! Small town atmosphere with home cooked goodness!
