1	Ate lunch there yesterday and it was pretty gross. My partner tried the new asian boneless chicken wings and when she opened the container to eat them there were two fries in the container, gross. Why serve a baked potato with vegetable oil spread instead of real butter?
3	This Wendy's is pretty good as far as fast food places go.   We have never had a bad meal here and their menu is becoming more and more health conscious.   They now have the natural cut fries.  They include Marzetti salad dressing with their salads.  Marzetti uses really healthy ingredients.  They also have baked potatoes that most fast foods don't offer.  Their chili is pretty good too.
3	They are getting better here.   The food arrived quickly and they have a new ordering board which is nice.  My burger was better than it has been in the past.  The cobb salad was very good.
1	Really ZERO STARS!!!I don't know why but they can't get my order right. The order taker gets it right because when I check my receipt, it is correct. The food in the bag is ALWAYS WRONG. My kids like Wendy's but we will not try it again.I called once because they didn't include one of the meals. Went back to get it and they still messed it up. It's fast food, how hard is it to get right?
5	It's fast food, it tastes great, it's got courteous people working there and you won't get McSlimed, not ever! Note this was at 12:00pm. The lunch hour.
1	Huge disappointment and I know it's the hired help, went to the 2858 Fish hatchery Rd. location here in Madison, WI during what must be the second shift at 17:16:49. I used to go there all the time for lunch and the Spicy Chicken sandwich rocked as well and the fries were perfect. Well this time I tried the Spicy Chicken Guacamole Club Combo...it was just downright nasty. At least the Chicken nuggets were ok, said my son. So on with my taste test...now mind you I love Wendy's I even own Stock in the Company which is more so why I feel like I was let down. The Chicken had resembled something that was under a 50 lb anvil, squished flat and over cooked, the fries were cold and soggy by the time we got got home. A 2.5 min drive home. Oh and my daughter that gave the order and payed the 16.64 bill was a bit upset and said wow are they rude. there you have it same place different shift...go figure.
3	I would like to give them four stars but unless you pay careful attention to your order there is a very good chance they will screw it up.  I don't get a good vibe from the staff either, I have yet to have real bad service but I get the impression they don't really care.  That's fast food.....I only go back for a few reasons.  The quality of food is slightly better than McDonald's and BK, my son loves it AND you can substitute chili for fries.
2	I love Wendy's but will next time go to one of the other locations within the city when I get a craving for a frosty.  The staff is a little harsh, my order was not right and the fries were cold.  Text book failure.  I might have gotten them at the wrong time so will try again and hopefully they will redeem themselves.
5	I have always had good experiences here- the burgers, chicken sandwich, fries, and chili are good. The quality seems better than McDonalds.
