2	Was here over the weekend and I've been looking for a new pair of running shoes to replace my old Asics.  And because I knew New Balance shoes made running shoes in wide sizes, walked into the store to see what they had.I saw a few New Balance shoes along the display wall and one they had looked nice and was extremely light.  I asked the guy there if they had this in a size 8-1/2 2E.  He looked at me and after taking a quick glance (dude, I saw you) said that this is their top of the line running shoe and that since most runners are slim, they don't make this model in wide.  Dude, what the hell? You could have easily just told me they don't carry or make that shoe in wide.I give this place 2 stars only because he told me there was a New Balance shoe across the 101.
4	We didn't purchase anything today.  But the staff was very friendly, helpful, and didn't mind explaining about the different shoes (like MBT).  Not cheap, but good quality stuff.  You mostly don't find Skechers or other cheap stuff here.  I can foresee buying shoes here in the future.
1	I tried to buy a pair of Dansko clogs for work, but I got the new girl helping me. As she was ringing it up, I asked if they gave any discounts to local Hospitals. She said yes, and told me the price, but then rang it up wrong. When I pointed out the wrong price, she re-rang it, and I questioned whether both charges would show. Finally (30 minutes later) the guy who was supposed to be training her came over to help. Assured that both charges would not show up I left happy with my purchase. But then I checked my bank acct. today & both charges DID show up! I went to the store, foolishly expecting them to apologize for my inconvenience & fix the problem. NO SUCH LUCK!!! The guy that should've been helping the new girl in the 1st place, was a JERK & stated it could take up to 10-14 business days to refund an amt that should've never been charged in the 1st place!!! As a customer, neither me nor my bank acct should be an acceptable learning curve for their new employees!!! He wouldn't give me his name or even the right phone # to customer service!!! Totally exasperated, I finally ended up returning even the shoes that I bought & wanted! Dillard's & Nordstrom's  also carry Dansko's,and they actually appreciate your business!!! they'll get mine from now on!!! The Walking Company SUCKS on ice!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	More often than not I end up with nothing. I have small feet and need to try things on first since medium isn't a width I can always make work. The staff is friendly, but it really does suck when all I have to choose from are clunky looking Dansko. I don't often dress down that far to have those shoes be a staple in my wardrobe. What a letdown.
3	If you are looking for Danskos, this is your place. Usually, my shoe preferences tend towards aesthetics over function, but for work, I needed a good shoe that would last after walking constantly for 8 hours in business casual dress. I've bought two pairs of shoes here, both Danskos. The first time, I mentioned to the associate that I needed a good shoe that will last 8+ hours. They have limited sizes here, and I had to have my size ordered online for me at the store. Unfortunately, the first pair of shoes I got were extremely uncomfortable after walking a few hours in them (As well as extremely expensive).  I even had them stretched before wearing them for work, a feature The Walking Company will do for free for any shoe you buy to help "wear them in."The pair I bought came with a coupon for $25 off a future shoe purchase. So, I stepped in here again and mentioned to a different associate that my first pair was very uncomfortable. She then said to me that "not all Danskos are comfortable," and that the different styles have different types of arch support. That might have been good to know before I bought the first pair! She did recommend the Dansko brand for the best in long-term walking comfort, and recommend I try a few different styles. The second pair has been great so far for work. For the first time in weeks, it's been nice not having your feet aching in pain after coming home!
1	Beware, they don't know there own policies and will make up anything.I bought some dress shoes on-line because I had a wonderful experience with the store in San Diego, CA. The shoes were too narrow, and I had read the return policy before purchasing the shoes. I went the the store in Chandler where the store clerks seemed disinterested. I tried on several other pairs of shoes, but nothing fit right. When I tried to make the return, I mentioned that the shoes had been on sale. The sale price showed on the screen. She then said I could only exchange or get a gift card, but she could not show me any policy to support her claim. The caption below is copied from the official website. The policy she tried to use is made up. I also called the company to check. My item was not on clearance or special-order. Do not trust the clerks at the Chandler store."Returns Made EasyAmerica's favorite place to shop for Authentic Comfort footwear offers easy returns for however you like to shop: In our stores, with our catalog or on our website.We guarantee your 100% satisfaction. If you are not happy with your purchase for any reason, we will be happy to accept a return or exchange. Choose whichever method of return is most convenient for you: by mail to TheWalkingCompany.com or to any one of our stores nationwide. Click here for Nationwide Store Locator.You can return unworn shoes for up to 30 days from the date received. Shoes must be in the condition you received them and in the original box. Returns must be accompanied by your original sales receipt.Credit Card purchases will be credited to the original purchase credit card account.Cash and Check purchases over $100 - a check will be issued and mailed from our corporate office within 15 business days of returned item.Purchases paid by check below $100 may not be returned for cash until 10 days after purchase.For unworn merchandise returned without receipt, we will offer an exchange or store credit at the lowest selling price within the last 30 days.We cannot accept returns of final clearance or special-order items."
