5	I have used ProjectCenter to do everything from color photocopying to design and printing of 4'x8' custom corrugated plastic signage. Every project that the team has done for me has been done on time, at or under the estimate provided to me in advance, and of the best quality.Short notice is no problem for the team, they've delivered flyers to me with less than 12 hours notice.All-in-all a top quality printer with world class customer service!
5	These guys are RADICAL and very community minded!  They have some some amazing tings for Ear Candy and Local First while exceeding expectations in a tight time frame!You won't be disappointed!
1	The worst experience I have had using a print shop.  The person at the front desk was doing personal business on his cell while trying to help me.  Proceeded to smack his gum while trying to talk to me.  From what I could tell the company is not Mac friendly and tried to send as a powerpoint it was still a problem to print.  When I tried to resend I called the shop getting the same guy that helped me.  He then put me a hold for awhile then came back forgetting he had me on hold.  Finally after picking up the copies they had no bag or folder to provide.  Basically looking at each other in the shop not really worried about providing one.  Will not go back as he didn't seem to care.  Plenty of these services out there so be careful with this  one.
5	I've worked with Project Center for several years now, both for my own printing needs as well as needs my own clients have had. In ever instance the experience has been great. My clients were delighted to find out that the rates were less than they had paid in the past through other companies. Most notably I had a client who needed a rush job ---and I contacted Project Center late in the afternoon. Their rush rate was reasonable and the job was completed and shipped that same day, despite the lateness in which we submitted the order.I'm incredibly pleased with them and will continue to use them.
5	I use the ProjectCenter for all my printing needs.  This is a great place with great people! Every project has been done on time and often early.  Never seen any mistakes. Also they have great pricing on any sort of work.
