2	We were actually headed to Pamela's and noticed this diner across the street. We decided to give it a try since we like trying new places. I left wishing we had gone to Pamela's instead! The restaurant itself is kind of weird inside. Very bare, odd tables/chairs that look like they were from the 80s...it didn't look like an established restaurant...reminded me of a pop-up or temp place. Anyway, there weren't many people there...the restaurant was probably only 1/3 full and it took more than a half hour to get our meals...and we didn't order anything more than standard breakfast fare...eggs, potatoes, pancakes...things that don't have a lot of prep. After waiting all that time they also forgot my side of sausage that was part of the eggs combo meal I ordered. The food was average and didn't make up for all the other area's this place lacked.Our waitress was nice, but there was a busboy who was really loud at clearing tables. He'd toss the ceramic plates and mugs in his bussing tub carelessly and he yelled across the restaurant to his coworkers...all of which were really distracting since the place was otherwise very quiet.If you're in Millvale looking for a place to eat, just go to Pamela's across the street!
4	I was really shocked to see such low reviews because we had a great meal here. Like the others, we were heading to Pamela's but didn't want to wait over an hour to get seated. We decided to try this place, as it is right across the street. It was pretty empty, but worried me at first, but Pamela's has a big name and a lot of locations throughout the city, so it's easier for them to draw a crowd. We had a party of 8 and they seated us immediately.Our server was great and even took orders for each of the 4 couples on separate checks. Yes,I know it's an inconvenience and yes, we should have all brought cash, but it happens! I've experienced some unnecessary eye rolls and attitude in the past and was very pleased when our server had the complete opposite reaction and didn't mind at all! We had a mix of omelets, pancakes and some lunch appetizers. Everyone was really pleased with the portion size and the food. I definitely took half of my gigantic home. Plus, they serve breakfast all day which is #1 in my book!
3	This place is ok.  This is the second time.  It's not a flashy place just a basic restaurant.  The walls have kids drawings and chef pictures.  The one waitress is ok and the other is really nice.  The omelettes are made are ok but the cook puts way too much cheese in it and it lacks flavor.  You only get one slice of bread with your order.
1	It's hard to even give this place a single star. It's a sad excuse for a restaurant. I went here for breakfast and waited 40 minutes for my food. It took the waiter 20 minutes to clean the surrounding tables and the people coming in had to stand in the lobby for a while. Someone who I was with had to leave because it took them so long to get their food. I watched two tables of people leave because they only got a menu and were never waited on. DO NOT GO HERE. They aren't friendly and do not know how to work with paying customers.
4	I have been to the Millvale Diner a number of times. It is a friendly place with the best omelets. I have always ordered omelets and never been disappointed.  The home fries and pancakes are done perfectly. The ONLY thing that bothers me is the 8 AM open time. I would love to see a 6AM or 5AM so I can visit before work. Love this place
