4	Pretty good... Probably the only Starbucks in Rio. Prices are a tad expensive, but then again, it's Vegas. My only complaint would be the limited table space and the lack of free wifi that most Starbucks offer! Other than that, it's just like any other Starbucks you'll find!
3	standard starbuckslong line bc its next to convention centerstar trek convention-  super long
3	Limited table space.No wifi.Slow service.All that for a venti bold. Can do.
5	The Rio actually provides fresh pastries to Starbuck in their hotel!! The scones are the best ever. I like how the Rio is smart and has a seperate line when its busy for Pastries and drip coffee only. I have seen late at night that some of the pastires go on sale for a buck each. Also to people who didnt know, there is a huge 2nd SB which is quiet and huge.
5	What can I say!  I love me some starbucks...period
4	This is for the quickserve Starbucks at Flamingo.Quick service all 4 mornings I was there, no complaints.  The apple muffin is a must!
5	Ordered 3 coffees. For a Sunday night, the service was great and the girl behind the counter was friendly and helpful! Awesome!
1	I like Starbucks, I like the big green giant coffee house. My sister in law orders 2 Americana and the lady screws up the order and then said's to her, "You ordered that!" with a attitude ... "Hmmmm" I know customer service and the customer is always right. They also over charged her and owed her money, and she said, "Well i have to call the manager to open the register. " Dang !!! go get manager and get the $. Must be a full moon ???? All i have to say is many Starbucks stay away from this one. Go to a Starbucks that has customer service. No Wifi, small and horrible service. I don't like writing bad reviews but i can't let go through this pain.
4	This Starbucks is located inside the Rio and actually there are two in the hotel. One by the elevators in the Ipanema Tower and one by the convention hall and spa. I visited both and found the one by the Ipanema towers were always packed but the one by the spa was always quiet and had no line. It's a little bit of a walk but I preferred this location better. Not only was it not busy but it also had a lot more seating and was away from all the chaos of the casinos and a bit less smokey too. Service at both locations I found were great and employees were nice and friendly. Prepare for the higher prices though. Comparable to airport prices but I suppose that's the price you pay for convenience. And since you're ok with paying $15 for mixed drinks in Vegas, I suppose $5.50 for an iced coffee is about right. lol
3	it's a prime spot, right next to the elevators. which also makes it a bad spot because everyone comes here. they had 2 lines when we came by for the mornings. 1 for regular drips and 1 for all the shmancy shit. the shmancy shit line took FOREVER! but, at least the baristas were very nice. if you are just looking for coffee, try the sports book cafeteria.
5	ECLAIR!That is all.No seriously though. It's the best eclair ever and I always make sure to stop by Rio every Vegas trip to get an eclair from either one of their Starbucks. I think the Rio Starbucks has the BEST pastry case in comparison to any of the other million Starbucks. Everything is always different and super fresh and good!
3	Every time I passed by this place, there was only 1 person working. She made the coffee, served the pastry, worked the cash register. So there was a long line. But the eclair looked so good, I gave in. Stood in the long line. The server was very nice in spite of being overworked. The eclair was very good; the coffee was good.
4	Nice location but limited space.  Decent atmosphere with nice workers.  It's situated in Rio hotel casino.  It's nice to be able to get some Starbucks while staying here.
