5	Gotta love 'em!  As an out-of-state owner, I feel confident that my property is getting taken care of.  Whenever I have a question, I can call or email and get a quick friendly response.  With Atlas group, I know that when a problem is reported by the tenant, they will let me know and we can get it taken care of quickly.  I also know that rents will be collected on time and forwarded appropriately and timely to me every single month without worry.  I also know that if rents aren't being paid, Atlas Group will diligently and lawfully handle the issue for me and get a new renter in my unit as quickly as possible.  I have enjoyed working with this company and trust them with my investment.
5	This is my 2nd month as a tenant in one of the Atlas Group's properties and you know how it is when you move in and have several little things that need tending to....well I must tell you Matthew Bilyeu has to be the greatest property manager I've ever run across and I've rented in the Vegas area for the last 14 years.  He's the most pleasant and responsive person you'd ever like to meet. Shoot and email over during the day and you'll have a response within the hour and folks will knock on the door within a day to get the job done.
1	If I could give them a zero, I would. My neighbors were using Atlas to manage their property, as they lived out of state. Atlas supposedly screens tenants with a background/credit/criminal history check before leasing the property. However, the tenants they let move into my neighbors house were convicted felons - one was incarcerated on the move-in day! Neither of them even had JOBS!It took me one google search to find their colorful criminal history.It took the property owners months to get them out of their home. They were violent, filthy meth-heads and I was so disappointed that Atlas would move those kind of folks into our neighborhood.The tenants also did a lot of damage to the home in the 6 months they were there. At one point, they had NINE pitbulls living in the home.This was in an upscale, gated community.Needless to say, my neighbors fired Atlas after this mess.I would steer clear of this company - unless you want your house destroyed.
5	This is a shout out to Andrew for everything that he has done to assist me in the last year with my rental payments. My Workmans comp claim jas been on-going for almost 1 year and he has supported me through it by accepting that sometimes, financially I need an extra day or two.Great Guy to deal with.
1	If I could give this company 0 stars I would do.  OWNERS STAY AWAY!!!  Do not trust these people with your property.  They are dishonest, disrespectful and incompetent and I am happy to provide more details on our disastrous dealing with them to anyone who wants the story.  I will be reporting them to the BBB.
1	If you want to end up in a lawsuit, either with the property management company or with your tenant, then hire these guys. They hire their own contractors and take HUGE kickbacks from them. To paint a 10 ft x 12 ft wall = $1000! Is this a joke? guess what i found out after digging, the painter was a 'good friend' of the property manager. THey actually had pictures of themselves drinking beers on the weekend (facebook). They still owe me over $1200 and cost me over $7500 because of their issues. NEVER AGAIN. DO NOT HIRE THEM.
1	Worst rental company to rent from. You give them a huge deposit that you think you will get back when you move out and that for sure doesn't happen. We moved into a place with the worst stains all over the carpet, a not working dishwasher that I fixed and my husband reprints the whole place but they still make up stuff so we hardly get any deposit back. They suck!!!!!! Ruthless liars!!!
5	I love dealing with Theresa at this company... She is available to help any time & always has such a lovely pleasant way of taking care of things.  I would recommend Theresa to anyone.  It is nice to work with someone who treats you so kindly. Theresa... Keep up the Great work!!! You are Amazing!
1	At first I gave these guys a good review but I just received a piece of mail today for my security deposit.... For the 1st time in 20 years of renting (military) I was charged a total of $335 for wear and tear items throughout the house. Most of these things were already noted by me prior to moving in 2 years ago!!!! It took 30 days for them to send me a list of things wrong which had to be rectified to include a $75 charge for new batteries (that I just replaced 3 months ago) in 6 smoke detectors!!!Oh and for the items that were really wrong in this house they refused to fix, because they did not care about "cosmetic faults"!!! I fixed many $$$$ things around the house for pride's sake and was never reimbursed!! I was ok with that but to charge me $335 for a stove and a shower that were not clean to their specs even though I used their own cleaning folks, ridiculous!! I am very upset to say the least! Renters beware!!!!
