5	As a professional photographer, I know all too well how important a top notch event planner is to the success of a great wedding. Last month I was lucky/blessed/uber-fortunate to be working at a wedding that was planned and coordinated by the team of real pros from Sip & Twirl. Beyond being efficient and thorough, they are so personable that they are a joy to work with, even when they are being sure to keep vendors like me on schedule. They are a joy to work with, and I am delighted every time I see that they are the planners I get to enjoy at a wedding. They make the life of all your other vendors SO much easier, so we can concentrate on our craft and creativity, rather than logistics. Sip & Twirl is the perfect first step in making your event become what you've always dreamed of. You'll love them!
5	5 Stars.  Woohoo!  As good as it gets! --- not a lie.  In fact, I'm writing Yelp immediately requesting they make special arrangements for Sip and Twirl.  5 stars is maybe half, no, a third of what they deserve for a rating.  Give them 15 stars! Hell, give them ALL the stars!I was invited as a cohort to attend my friend's aun'ts wedding (yeah, it's one of those stories).  Mostly because they needed another mutual friend present, and I provided the ride.  Needless to say, I was in, but not overly excited.  We were held up at the Buttes Marriott for a weekend of fanciful events put on by the team of awesomeness that is Laurie and Caily, and it didn't take long for my apathy to turn to fervor.  I tried to blame the AZ heat, but it was obviously S&T.  Long story short, from the initial "hello's" at the hoedown, to the reception, followed up with Monday morning bloody mary's and hugs goodbye, there was truly not a glitch to report.  Not a complaint to be made.  The best, unmistakably heartwarming memory upon my departure, were the ear to ear smiles adorning all the faces, including the bride and groom.  We were truly impressed and inspired how smoothly the weekend went.  They seem to have this down to a T, and more importantly, they obviously love the work.   Great planners begot great memories.  It's the only way to ensure the most important day of your life, goes off without a hitch.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.  Hint Hint Friends - book them so I can attend another awesome event put on by this dynamic duo.  Lord knows I will if the opportunity arises.Kudos Sip and Twirl.  You rocked my socks off!
