5	Awesome!!! Great food!!! Added bonus today... we got to enjoy the pre-opening!  Met the top management, new staff and some corporate members, every single person there wad top notch, friendly & helpful!!!
3	I passed by here on the way to Winco and noticed this place is open now.  There's a drive thru and you can take your order to go or you can dine in. The prices are reasonable. I ordered an 8 piece meal which came with 8 pieces of chicken 1 large side and four biscuits just under $15. The chicken only is $10.39.  Got the mild flavor for Mr B. I tasted one wing and my thoughts are its okay nothing special. They don't measure up to the ones I get over at Johnny Mac's that's for sure.  I like the skin though it had a nice  crunch a slight garlic taste to it. The biscuits are pretty good.  Buttery. The potatoes with gravy is good. My family likes it. I'm a fan of their sweet tea though!Service wise, everybody is still green. There was a slight confusion with my order. I was given a receipt and the number on cash receipt is different from the number for the chicken order that the cashier never handed to me. So I waited there for a while because number I had wasn't being called until they figured  out 5 minutes later.  Parking lot is really small. On the drive thru side there's only one way to get out. It could be a pain in the butt trying to get out of there when it's really busy.For the price value of the meals and for the convenience it's great for families.Note: Lobby closes  and stops taking orders at 10pm but you can still get fried chicken till 11pm when you take your car through the drive-thru window.
5	So I know what you are thinking Popeyes Freaking Popeyes really Popeyes ... Yes PopeyesDid he lose his mind ?!? No. Is he back on that stuff? MaybeOk ok you're going to have to trust your boyOn this one Get the spicy chicken it's their signature dishIf u can't eat spicy DON'T go to Popeyes The sides are the clincher Cajun friesRed beans and rice BiscuitsThat's all I can vouch for But I bet the other sides are great as wellThis is the most IMPORTANT partI've eaten at other Popeyes inVegas and Hendo and all of themEXCEPT this one stink I repeat this is the only Popeyes Only Popeyes I recommend
3	Food was really good,  I've been to other Popeyes and was nOt impressed but this one just may change my mind...it will take more than one visit to determine that. I do wish there was a menu prior to the order menu in the drive thru, just because I'm not familiar with their menu and felt rushed once I was at the order menu. Also I given my box of food....no bag just my box of food which I thought was weird, would've liked a bag to carry my food from my car back to work (along with my purse, drink and other stuff).... and no straw for my drink (that's always annoying) but food wAs good so next time I'll walk in and check it out
3	Well, the food is delicious. Not exactly what I  ordered but close enough. So, I can't tell ya how the Cajun rice is but the beans and rice are quite good. The biscuits could be baked a little longer.But I gotta say this crew was giving it their all. These kids cared damn it. They moved with a purpose! Maybe there is hope for this generation?? Maybe? I worked at Popeyes in high school for approximately 2 days-Bless their young, hard working hearts! And God Bless Popeyes!
3	I was there the week they opened.  They would not honor the chicken special that is at every other Popeye's in town.  Also, they only give 1 strip in a kids meal.  Even for a small child that's a little lite.
4	We needed something like this to open here. The Wendy's next door has lousy customer service and wait time for food was ridiculous . Wendy's is now paying the price and popeyes is thriving . With that said , popeyes is the bomb . Try their waffle chicken it's great .
5	I am very pleased to see more and more different places for me to choose from in my neighborhood. I love Popeyes and my favorite would have to be the spicy chicken and mashed potato & gravy.The employees were super friendly and the place was very clean!
1	Fail... pissed me off lst night. They were lazy and tried not to mke more chicken at the end of the night! Which just ended up putting them in the weeds when they got a rush. The 6 of purchasing chicken ended up waiting 20 mins or more for some damn chicken. They even got some of the others people order wrong. And tell your staff to not hang out when you clock out and chit chat with the others who are still on the clock and trade cookies and crap!
1	Every Tuesday I've been here, they have those signs looking like they were just made off the printer that say "No Tuesday Specials." What's going on Popeyes on Stephanie?! How can you NOT have Tuesday specials?! What a waste of gas. The location on boulder highway is my go to place on Tuesdays. They actually follow Popeyes weekly tradition.
1	Over staffed but always not enough chicken. Yikes! I went here twice, the first time they only have thighs left and no drumstick. Oh okay it happens. Next time same thing... Oh well it's next to my house it'll do for fam dinner no cooking needed from me. Worst part we all got the poops after eating the chicken. Scary! So 1 star for the nice newly built building. :)
2	Horrible!  1). They don't have a Tuesday special. Isn't all franchises supposed to follow the same deals?!?!2). They messed up our order. I brought the wrong side up to the counter. The manager ( she was the one wearing the collared shirt, everyone else was in polo shirts) said in a very RUDE tone, " Are you sure?!?!"  I said yes. Like she didn't believe me!  I am not trying to get free food lady!  Where is the customer service?  I walked back to the table and realized they forgot one of our biscuits. Smh!  My hubby said never mind. The staff was already too busy with the dinner rush. 3). My husband's tarter sauce container had a cut in the top of the seal. I told him not to even touch it. You don't know how long it has been cut. Come on now!  Is there no quality control for what orders you send out?I feel that they are not concerned with what they are putting out. With the rush of customers, they were just trying to get the food out as fast a possible. The only reason why they even get any stars is the food still tasted amazing!  When I want fried chicken and those southern sides. I always go to Popeye's.  Thank goodness for the kitchen cooks. Great job!  The front line needs some work!!!
1	AWFUL!! AWFUL!! AWFUL!!!!!!We have gone here several times. Everytime  we are met with unprofessional,  rude, service!!!  The order is ALWAYS wrong! The crew definitely needs customer service training!!!  Save your money or go next door to wendys! Don't waste your time here!
3	I would have given this 5 stars but...here's the good:Skyler at the front counter is GREAT at what he does!  I have been in customer service for 35 years and KNOW a good employee when I see one.  Maliq and him made an excellent first impression.  They told me about the survey to get a free meal upon return, and went above and beyond for me.  Skyler knows his product, and did all he could, including forgoing or delaying his break to help this busy store.  He never said a word, but I know what I saw.  Popeyes is LUCKY to have him!  The restrooms, and store was clean and well lit.  The bad is:  The price is ridiculous!  $33 for a 16 piece combo?  I waited for more than 20 minutes.  Unfortunately, the team behind the front counter makes a lot of mistakes which poor Skyler had to constantly apologize for.  In my case, I didn't mind waiting for fresh chicken fingers, but to then have my food under a heat lamp waiting even longer for fries does not work for me.  Skyler tried to tell some little girl packing orders about my order so he could get a break to grab a bite.  He didn't get the break while I was there, because he had to return to the front counter to wait on people as the place started to fill up with customers inside the dining area.  The drive through was more than 12 deep when I left.  When I arrived home, I had NO barbecue sauce as requested.  Since I cannot count on Popeyes to give me my sauce which was part of my nearly $34 order, I just can't and won't return, even for the free meal.  The spicy chicken wasn't spicy, and 2 good people like Skyler and Maliq cannot run an entire restaurant effectively.  My initial impression because of the front counter is that this location is much better than others.  When I saw someone in the kitchen with no gloves near food, that made me wonder.  He did use tongs for the chicken, but seeing hands with no gloves.  I would have liked to return to try their red beans and rice, and maybe take some pies home for desert.  The store has such potential,  You don't get a second chance to make a good first impression.
1	Decided to try some Popeyes today was really craving some Cajun chicken. I ordered the 16 piece strips family meal and also 2 sides of jambalaya & mash and gravy.The chicken was cold and stale, they also shorted me on the pieces I only got 12 and was supposed to have 16 pieces of chicken.The sides were good however when we gotIn to the jambalaya we found plastic in the rice. It was pretty gross and if I hadn't noticed it I could have choked on it. This really ruined the meal! I discovered it while chewing on the rice it was in my mouth.We called the store to let them know and it didn't seem like they even cared, did notAsk if we were ok or even offer to exchange it out. It wasn't just 1 piece of plastic we found it was several pieces, it was also tinted with the color of the jambalaya soI'm assuming it cooked with it.We ended up calling corporate and letting them know as well because it would be horrible if a child choked on it.We will not be eating at this place again!
1	The ONLY POPEYES in town that doesn't have the Tuesday special. You get 1 star for being a greedy franchise.
1	10/23/14 10:00 PMMy wife and I were up in Las Vegas doing some shopping today, about 6:00 PM  heading towards the I-215 to head home, I remembered there was a Popeye's Fried Chicken ahead, we had never eaten at a Popeye's so I pulled in for a light dinner.We went in to eat and were greeted by a very nice and helpful young man (named Maliq) we had never been in a Popeye's before and he and a young lady (named Chelsea) were so nice, helpful and patient with us oldsters, anyway we ordered and shortly Chelsea called us up to get our order.  At this point I asked Chelsea to write down her name and Maliq's name so I could include their names in a post on YELP and at that point they had earned their company a 5 star rating and they still deserve it.  The food was extremely good and also would have earned a 5 star rating on YELP.Now for the 1 STAR RATING that I'm giving the store...As we left the store, I held the door for a couple entering so my wife got a couple steps ahead of me and as I turned around, I saw my wife falling off the curb and onto the concrete drive-thru lane.  The problem was the outside building lights were off even though it was about 6:30 PM and dark outside.  The only light on the sidewalk and drive-thru lane was from the inside lights which was minimal at best and we were virtually walking in our own shadows.  The walkway and drive-thru lane are both the same tone of grey concrete and in the minimal light both blended into what looked like a ramp instead of a 6" curb, the curb wasn't painted, a total disregard for customer safety outside the building, especially with the drive-thru lane right up against the building on three sides of the building, very poor design. Lights turned on at dusk, a $6.00 can of yellow paint and a $0.99 paint brush a concerned and "on the ball" manager could eliminate any problems like this.I went in and asked to speak with the manager, young women came to the counter, I explained to her that none of the outside lights were on and told her about my wife falling off the curb......Her reply was,"OK, I'LL GO TURN ON THE LIGHTS"   WHAT.....  not one "smidgen" of concern for a customer, my wife's condition!!!!!I said thanks for the concern for my wife, I guess Popeye's doesn't   #1, train there "MANAGERS" or   #2 the company has no concern for the health or safety of their customers.Anyone with a lick of sense would #1 be concerned about a person that was hurt.  If anyone got hurt on my property, my #1 concern would be the persons condition and what I could do to help, and #2 eliminating what caused the accident, but I guess these days, for the most part, people are only concerned about "self", you see it in grocery stores, freeway, just about anywhere, people have no concern for their fellow citizens anymore, this is another example of someone with no concerns for anyone except themselves.I was so disgusted; I vowed to never go into a Popeye's again!==========================================================11/6/14Well, it's been about 2 weeks and no response from corporate at all, only response was a call from the manager who offered my wife "a free meal", ya like I'm going to drive 70 miles one-way for "a free meal" and said he would check back.  This company, local or corporate, doesn't  gives a damned about the pain that my wife is going through due to their lack of concern for their customers well being.  I can only wonder if this attitude extends into their kitchens and food quality and preparation, I'm sure their concern for health and safety stops at the front door.11/12/14What a looser outfit, the manager from the store said he would call back and see how my wife was doing, what a friggen lie, never heard a word back from the manager, no response from anyone in their coporate offices.  No concern for their customers at all.  I'll bet the lights still aren't turned on at dusk and I'll bet they have made no attempt to mark their curbs.
2	I love me some Popeyes Chicken, and tonight was the night that my husband wanted them so I quickly obliged.Service was terrible, however.  I wasn't greeted or acknowledged to place my order.  I have to make eye contact and asked if the cashier was ready for me.  After I placed my order, I realized there was a current deal that the cashier didn't bother to share.  C'mon now, the deal on the side board changes frequently so how the heck am I to see it right away?  Anyways, thought that was the end of the bad service...NOPE.  The  person that put together my order was cold and stingy.  I have to ask for every bit of sauces and condiments for my order.  She didn't look happy at all handing me the sauces.The chicken tasted good as usual, but I hope these not so happy employee find another job that they will be happy doing...cuz this aint it for them.
1	Plain and simple 1 star. Went there on a Tuesday evening, about 5 pm and I wanted their new beer can chicken. Asked for that and they said they were out of it for the day. Frustrated as I was I asked for some spicy chicken wings. They had some special up I forget. Again out it. I said thanks anyways and drove away. Came back that week on a Friday at 2pm. Asked for the beer can chicken. Guess what. Out again. On a Friday at 2 pm. Isn't this place suppose to serve chicken?? Especially the one they have 3 posters up Of and are advertising on tv!! As soon as they said that I said thanks and drove away. Not going to go back to this location ever again.
1	Don't know how one can mess up an order so bad!   Asked for mild chicken, got spicy. Asked for mashed potatoes and gravy, got red beans and rice.  Asked for ranch and buffalo sauce for my tenders, got nothing.  At least I got tenders and not fish or shrimp.  AVOID!
1	Really strange, but when they first opened the food was excellent and the crew was upbeat and professional.The chicken strips were huge and delicious, I mean 2 pieces would fill me up and it was great!Then it happend, nose dive! the service is poor, they've given me the wrong order twice in one month.I would order chicken strips and get fried chicken instead. I would have to go back to get my order right.The worst is the chicken strips are truly some kind of strip, thin and greasy. Why were they so good when they first opened?The friendly bayou music is gone, the smiling faces are gone, the quality of food is gone and I am gone too.
