1	SOOOOO disappointing & it had so much promise!!! I ordered a Greek salad with dressing on the side for takeout on my lunch break.I go the salad it had BEETS on it, but they were covered up with the feta cheese...like really beets??? I double checked the 'take out menu' I got to see if beets were there. nope no beets. I"m not a beet fan.and my cucumbers were mushy and oldF-booo
5	good damn this is some great pizza. came here on my last day. gonna make it my traditional go home meal from now on. service was great. the host gave me the remote and told me to make my self at home.very nice guy.even knew my home town and where it was. ingridients are awesome. BOARS HEAD. yeah, thats right BOARS HEAD ingridients. cheese was awesome. suace was perfect. wish they opened up a spot in LA.
5	I ordered a simple Cheese Pizza, thin crust. BEST cheese pizza ever! the crust was just thing and crispy enough, the cheese was delicious and it wasn't dry like other cheese pizzas, they made sure there was enough sauce on that pizza. It was honestly so good i ended up eating a large all by myself and i am a tiny tiny woman lol Delicious, and Jorge was so nice and helpful.
5	We bought a groupon for this place. It was such a good deal. Its kinda hidden but inside is very cute. The pizza is literally the best pizza we ever had!!! and we got the chicken wings and omg!! that was soooo fresh and soo good. Its in between a thick and thin crust. perfect size. Dough was obviously made from scratch and  not loaded with salt like most corporate pizza places.  Mozz was sooo fresh and delicious! It was one of those experiences that is too good to be kept a secret and you just have to try it for yourself. We havent tried anything else yet cuz we keep getting the pizza. I think it is a father and son team and the father makes the food. We told him it was the best pizza we had in Las vegas and he was so humble and kind. We like mom and pop shops and this was by far the best pizza shop we've been into in Las Vegas.
1	The pizza sauce tasted like it was made with Tabasco!  New owners. When we told them about how bad the pizza was he said well I will only charge you half price.  How about no charge? ? We both got ill from this pizza. Stay away!!!
1	I ordered a pizza on the phone...the price was $10.95  when I went to pick it up I gave them a coupon for $5.00 off I was charged $12.82 which was more than it should have been even without the coupon...why oh why  I live around the corner from this place and we have flyers in the lobby from them..I guess I will have to tell them to remove them
3	I say this place is worth it if you purchased a groupon. I called to place an order for pick-up & they told me to come by in a half an hour. I arrived at an empty restaurant 40 minutes later & my food wasn't ready yet. Other than that... The guys running the place were friendly, the pizza was decent & the Caesar salad was pretty tasty. I like how they incorporated pieces of pita bread instead of croutons in the salad. Try it out if you're a patient person who lives nearby!
3	Came in with a Groupon. There is no time specified for the Groupon but was told it's good only for dinner but he accepted it anyway at 3. Pizza was ok quality but super greasy. The side salad was large and fresh.
1	I found them on Restaurant.com.  I had a coupon which they agreed to deliver if I tipped the driver well.  1:40 min later I called to make sure they had not forgotten me and was told the driver had already left.  31 min later I was actually leaving to go get something else to eat when the driver finally showed up.  What is so frustrating is that they never hinted to me that it might take over 2 hours, and then when I called they lied to me by telling me my food was no longer in the building.  I won't be ordering from here again.
4	BBQ chicken pizza was very good.  Hand tossed crust excellent.  Also had a corned beef sandwich with 2" of stacked meat.   Sandwich was one of the best.  Friendly staff and reasonable wait time.
4	Needing some food after a long day of drinking. Just happen to pop into this place that was close to where we were staying. We ordered two pizzas and they were great. Loved the feel of this NY pizzeria. Prices were right and friendly staff. I am sure if in the area and wanting pizza I will be back.
5	Food was great and customer service too. Great pricing. Totally recommend for anyone wanting to get away from the hustle n bustle of the busy side of the strip
5	Nice little mom and pop type place. Had a ham and cheese sandwich and the bread tasted awesome and fresh. lettuce and tomoato on sandwich was fresh as well. my side was macaroni salad and it was good. same macaroni salad you would find at other places. restaurant was a nice little place and the owner was very friendly.
4	Definitely an awesome spot to pop into and just get some quick food, everything seemed very fresh and the employes were head on with what I thought was a confusing order,   7-8 sandwiches and not even one screwup
5	Ordered a supreme pizza with 20 buffalo wings for takeout.  It was very good and ready in 20 minutes!!!
