4	I'm visiting the area and noticed that there's a Plato's Closet so I made an effort to check them out. To date, I have been to 4 Plato's Closet (3 in Michigan and 1 in California) and I must say that the Scottsdale Plato's Closet is the biggest that I've seen in terms of square-feet and merchandise. For purse-lovers,the selection is by color. All the Coach and Juicy Couture purses are near the front registers. Shoes are placed according to size. The men's section is quite plentiful as well. Prices are fair for second-hand items, the clearance rack is a steal if you can find something you like.The sales associates are friendly and helpful. They have stamp-cards toward 20% off when completed. You get a stamp for every $10 purchase/sell. If you don't take a bag, they'll give you an extra stamp.I don't have comments whether this particular Plato's Closet is picky when you sell your stuff, but the good thing is at most branches, you can shop while they browse through your stuff to sell.Overall, I had a great shopping experience. I would've given this place a 5-star but there was a slight musty smell upon entering the store. I got use to it after a few minutes, not a big deal.
5	I have to agree with the person who posted prior to myself.  GREATEST PURSE selection ever.  In fact, jeans of every style, size, length, color...it's like heaven for the college kid or the working girl who has little extra income for new clothes but LOVES to shop.  I am from Chicago, have been to every platos out there and remember taking in numerous bags and leaving with numerous bags.  They never accepted anything.  When i first moved here i was bummed bc i found Buffalo exchange which was by far not even up to par to Plato's.  then the Scottsdale location opened.  The girls who work there have great customer service, are quick, and the owner is even in the store everyday...which is a value in itself.  For those of you who have never been there...I would highly recommend the place.  Unique dresses, skirts, hats, shoes, etc...it's heaven really.
4	I've never been one to shop at second hand stores, but after one visit to Plato's closet, I've changed my mind! Plato's has a great selection of good quality purses, dresses and tops.  I didn't venture into the pant section since I am 4'11, and likely don't share the same inseam as the rest of the population!  I was in a hurry, so I poked around for a few minutes and managed to snag up two really cute sun dresses, purse and belt... for under $30!  The clothes really were in good condition, I compare it to the clothes in my closet that I have only worn once and neglected since (primarily because I wore them to an event and had a bunch of pics taken).  These clothes are lonely and need some attention!   Next time I'll be bringing my clothes here to do a little exchange.
3	I love stores like Plato's Closet, Crossroads, and Buffalo Exchange. I have expensive taste but don't like paying ridiculous amounts for things, so I get a lot of my clothes at places like these.Plato's Closet is my least favorite out of the three. Here's why:- You can hardly move around in there, it's so packed with stuff. You literally have to climb over people to get what you want and it's hard to look at the clothes because they are so squished together.- The prices don't match the quality of the clothes. I found a pair of Joe's jeans I liked and they were $30. This wouldn't have been bad if the bottom of the jeans weren't torn up and the thigh area didn't seem to be degrading.- A lot of their stuff looks worn and isn't in very good condition. They would have more space if they were just a little more picky about what they took.- They had a purse on display that I thought was really cute. When I asked to see it, they told me it wasn't for sale. Don't put it on display then. It's a tease.All in all I left with an ASU sweatshirt, jean shorts, and a cute Splendid dress for $57 so I did okay. I do have more success at other stores, but I would return here and give it a second chance.
5	Now that I've finally visited Plato's Closet I'm kicking myself for not going sooner.  I can't believe how amazing the prices are!  The selection is huge and there are a lot of big name designer items at prices so reasonable that an average Jill like myself can actually afford them.  The staff is really friendly and helpful.  A shirt that my friend was buying had a small snag so they dropped the price even more.  They also have a loyalty program where you get a stamp for every $10 you spend and once the card is full you get a percentage off your entire purchase!
2	The shopping/selling environment would be much more enjoyable if the associates were not rude, unfriendly and incompetent. I am currently sitting in the store waiting for them to go through my clothing that I'm selling, wait time is estimated at 45min, which I don't get as there are 5 associates in here and 3 customers (me included). When entering, not one associate said hello or even offered a smile. I stood waiting at counter for 5 minutes until an associate finally approached me, rudely. I don't get it, don't they want business?! They have a great selection of clothing here, but the negative energy in the store definitely makes the shopping experience a downfall. A sign reads "like us on Facebook," apparently they don't want to be liked.As an avid shopper and seller, Platos closet will no longer get my business after today, I think Ill stick with the more professional and friendly Buffalo Exchange. My social network will be notified of this negative experience that I normally receive when coming in here.
1	When I went here a few weeks ago to take some clothes to sell, the staff was very inattentive and honestly all three of the employees working that day were just standing there and looked awfully miserable. They were very rude to me when I asked how long the wait was and if I could come back and pick them up. They were very adamant on the fact that in order to get my money for the clothes I dropped off, I HAD to come back at 6 and it was already 3pm. They were swamped apparently-but why did it take 3 hrs to sort through clothes, if you have three staff members sitting on the counter and around it? I have frequented the Plato's Closet in Chandler quite a bit, whether to buy or sell and they have never snapped at me prior and in fact have ALWAYS been friendly. They sat on the counter and failed to help any customers looking as though they might have a question about something. I took my clothes and stated I was going to go to Buffalo Exchange-which I did and everyone was super friendly there. I will not give a place business if they do not really want it.
5	Ladies this store has an amazing selection of designer jeans. Great deals, helpful friendly staff. I'm new to this side of town but really impressed. :-)
5	Great finds for next to nothing. If you are looking for a good deal on designer clothes and shoes this is a great place to look. It can get a little cramped in the isles but not a huge issue.
2	Kind of like an over-priced, over-packed goodwill. Except, the customer service is worse here. :/I hate leaving bad reviews but the workers here just don't seem to want to work, or help, or even bother to be very friendly. I used my Groupon so now I don't have to go back...
5	Awsome place! Everything there is si cheap as it can get!!!!
5	I brought in some clothes pretty late on a weekday, and they informed me they only buy before 6pm.  As I was making my sad face and walking out, the manager said "wait ... let me take a quick look" ... she pulled a few things out and ended up taking most of the items!  I am impressed when a business is able to bend their policy for someone who isn't aware.  That was the right thing to do, and it won me over.  I will make sure I follow the rule in the future.Since I started going to this location,  I have found several items in the men's section that I treasure, and the prices are very budget-friendly.  I think I even got one shirt with the original tag still on it.  Score!
1	Weekend before last, I went in and saw a sign that said they had stopped selling for the night, so later that week, I called to see what the cut-off time was for bringing in clothes. I was informed it was 6PM and because I practice yoga in the evenings, it's difficult for me to make it there before that time. So I waited until the following Saturday, only to be informed that they aren't buying again until Monday. At this point, I was starting to get irritated, as I've sold at this location as well as the other two without this issue before. Anyway, I decided to stop in tonight because I was not going to yoga. I got there well before 6, but was faced with that familiar sign that they were no longer buying for the night. As my annoyance mounted, I patiently waited at the counter until I caught someone's attention. I was informed once again that they would be buying on Monday. So I explained how I had been in previously and called ahead and the owner piped up saying, "I am the owner and I set the hours." Oh no she didn't! So I let her know that she might want to inform her staff to explain the stipulations over the phone. She then ranted on about her inventory and how she's getting ready for 'back to school.' And i care because??? And as I turned on my heel to leave, the young, messy-haired girl at the counter said, 'Here's a coupon.' Right. Like I'll be back for a 4th time; Three strikes - you're out...and outed on Yelp!
5	This place is so cool and trendy.  I even met the owner one time when I was in there.  She is so sweet and humble.  I get clothes from there that look like they are new with a price tag cheaper than a lot of thrift stores.  I adore this place, but please don't raise your prices!!!!!  Thank you for the wonderful merchandise and happy atmosphere.  :)
1	I was in here just the other day and i was shocked on how rude these people are! I mean the employees are always super bitchy and never help you but yesterday they must have all been PMSing. I went in with just 1 small bag of clothes, when i walked in no one greeted me, i sign my name and waited for someone to take my bag. and i waited and waited and waited.! There were at least 5 employees behind the desk not even bothering to say can i help you. And to make things worse the manger was behind the desk talking to one of the employees! LIKE HELLO really, maybe you wouldn't have such an over packed store if you paid any attention to the people walking in! And lets get real their job is not that hard you sort clothes all day which may suck but pretend you care. I ending up leaving, and still no one said a word to me! I will NEVER go back to that dump, train your employees on customer service!
1	One star because I love the idea of recycling, but this place is a disaster. Small and crowded, the music was too loud and it sucked. I spent two hours looking for clothes, trying on jeans (which is the worst kind of torture) and when I brought my selections up to the front, the cashier told me that I still needed to spend $5 (I had bought a Groupon). So I went to pick out one more item and when I came up to the front, my pile of stuff was gone. She told me I had taken it with me, but I hadn't. So I left with nothing, because I didn't have time to find everything again. When I returned, I spent another hour choosing clothes to buy. When I got to the register, she rang me up and told me that my Groupon had already been redeemed. I tried to explain what had happened, that they had lost my stuff last time, but she put on her best bitchface and refused to listen to me. So I paid cash for my purchase, mostly because I was mad at that point and just wanted to get out of there. Never shopping here again. One star because clothing recycling is awesome, but the customer service was ridiculous. I'd give that cashier five stars for her bitchy attitude though. Well done.
5	My kids love Plato's Closet and this location did not disappoint! It's fairly large which a huge selection of name brand clothing at very reasonable prices. We will definitely be back.
4	Searching through the racks of clothes in this store is like searching the heavens for the face of God. You look and look and pray and get down on your knees and dig through the meaning of it all and you come up with something that looks just about right but when you put it on, you realize it doesn't fit. So you keep searching. You might find something, you might not. But always the search continues. And there are always people in your way. And never a room to enter to try on your new found God. Did this analogy work at all?
5	I live in Cali and decided to compare AZ stores during my stay.  I went in an hour before closing and found a nice rack of designer jeans.  After spending $94, I noticed they were doing gift cards-buy $100, get $125!  I asked the clerk if I could return my stuff and do the gift card?  She apologized for already closing her register.  I asked her if I could come back tomorrow and do it and she said yes.  So I went at opening but the catch was, you buy the card but can't use it until the next day.  I explained my situation from the night before and she said she had to call the owner to get approval.  The owner said, "no" & I was shocked considering my story.  The young girl said she'd hold my items and I could get them the next day so I get my deal.  I mumbled, "What happened to customer service.." But agreed.  As I was shopping in the store, she took it upon her self to call the owner back and convince her to honor it that day.  She surprised me with the news and I was just amazed at how she went above and beyond expectations for this customer!   THANK YOU!  It saved me a 3rd trip back.  Also, I found Miss Me's for 20, true Religions for 30, and much more!!!!  Thanks sweet girl behind the counter!  :)
5	Amazing Place to buy gently used name brand clothes for cheap! They are very selective as to what they accept but do not be offended, it does not mean that you don't have style. It just means that they are very selective. Love this place! I always find cute things here!
1	I brought in a huge tub of gently used clothes all name brand clothes and they hardly even looked threw it....only took 3 things and only got 9 bucks...and all the working were on there phone in a huddle behind the counter not telling me my items were done. I even brought I'm in nicely laid flat to make it easy and they gave it back me a mess... I will not be going back!
2	This place is definitely trying to compete with My sister's closet just up the road but not really succeeding. When you go in, nobody greets you or  says anything to you. The purse selection is mediocre at best, and they charge about the same as buying the purse brand new. The highest jean sizes they have are 13 and the selection for that size was pretty slim (not everyone is a size 5)!! If you want a better selection and better treatment go to My Sister's closet, even at Goodwill I get a hello.
1	This is THE WORST resale store I've ever sold to. I brought in some very nice designer clothing and some nice one star clothes (forever21) as well as an expensive handbag. Well when I had asked the girl what items did they decide to purchase from me they told me one pair of shorts and my purse. I asked how much for each item. My forever 21 shorts gave me $2.80 in cash, which was fine because its just forever21. However when it came to my Rebecca Minkoff MAC Mini crossbody bag they offered me another $2.80! Um excuse me?! That bag is $195 brand new and my bag was in GOOD condition. No scratches or huge stains or anything. That I find to be an insult. So I asked for my bag back and told them  they could take the shorts. Well one of the girls said okay and the other one gave me an attitude  while rolling her eyes at me and asking "how much do you want for the bag?" I said well you just told me $2.80 is all you can pay me for it so I want it back. She instead kept trying to pick a fight with me over how much I was willing to take for the bag. Last I checked it was still MY BAG. So I did what anyone else would do I took my purse back. The other girl gave me my $2.80 for my shorts and I left. I've never been so disgusted with the rude customer service and the lack of knowledge those girls have for being a "fashion buyer" for a store that is based off of reselling goods for a profit. I will NEVER step foot in this store again and I hope people do question how much they are getting for their items because scamming people to make a profit isn't okay. Not sure how a designer leather hand bag in good condition is worth the same amount as last seasons forever 21 cut off shorts.
5	I had this bookmarked on my phone for a few months and just slammed my head into the wall for not coming here when I initially saw it. As far as men's clothing goes, I don't know that I need to go any other place than here. It's incredible.  They do such a great job at keeping quality clothes that are in style on display.  You add to it that everything is cheap (certainly cheaper and less snobby than Buffalor Exchange) and you have a winner.  Move over every other clothing store in town....Plato is here.
2	Went to this location this after noon and am pretty disappointed. I've worked at buy and sell places before so I kinda know what most of these places are looking for but let me tell you.. This place is beyond picky. Which is surprising because u to go thru the racks of clothes and a lot of it is pretty worn, stained, torn, or just genuinely cheaply made clothing. I think the most disappointing part though is the customer service. Everyone working there just seemed annoyed. It's not that hard to smile people! I've worked in customer service my whole life and find nothing more upsetting than rude employees!I won't swear off platos closet just yet because I have had good experiences at the arrowhead location! Maybe it's just the Scottsdale mentality that these people need to get out of!
1	No stars for you Plato's Closet. But I have to put 1, to review so...It is near my house, so I was excited to have a nearby shopping excursion with decent prices.A lot of the prices ARE decent. Except when I saw a pair of Sperry's boots for about $18.  And a pair of Merona Rainboots (from Target) for $18. Target sells those for about $20-$25 I believe...Sperry's boots retail for like $60++, so their price was good...The girls did greet me, they weren't busy, (except the boyfriend of an employee buzzing around the counter) so they got to my clothing very fast.And rejected everything. Ouch.I caught out of the corner of my eye, a disdainful two finger handling of a jacket I had put in the bag. Yikes, I can see You!The website said they took jackets, so I just put it in there... I am sorry I am not familiar with your exact store buying qualifications! It is not anywhere online, you have to stand at the counter in the store to find it! Then the girl who went through my clothing said to the other associate quietly, "can you tell that lady we can't use any of her stuff," like I can't hear you.. And you can't say it to me?Other reviews comment on the immaturity and the lack of knowledge. I don't know why I thought I would get lucky. When I looked in my bag when I got home, there were several things that very clearly fit their list and qualifications. I got no good reason... But I am glad in the end they didn't buy anything, so I can sell it on ebay. for a lot more...Pay attention to the other reviews here.. My Sister's Closet is expanding because they have trained staff to pay attention to brands and display. Plato's is not very organized, too packed, and not trained properly. If I want Forever 21 clothing, I will just go there, thanks!I won't be shopping at Plato's.
4	Can't comment on the shopping aspect here because I didn't do any of that. However, I had a lot of clothes I wanted to sell so I took them here. My friend told me that I probably wouldn't even get $10 because these places are so picky which was pretty discouraging.WRONG YOU WERE MY FRIEND!I made out with $145 bucks. CHA-CHING!!!!!!! You might as well just try taking your stuff here. The worst they can say is no and then you can just donate them which is probably better karma anyway.
1	I went to this location for the first time the other day after cleaning out my closet. Upon my arrival, they seemed a bit flustered even though there weren't many people there. It was hard to tell who was in charge, because a couple of women kept shouting orders to workers on the floor: unprofessional. Anyway, I gave them my bag of gently used and some unused clothes, many with designer labels. I wasn't expecting much, I really just wanted my clothes to be recycled because they're in good condition and someone else could use them. They told me it was going to take 30 minutes, which seemed a bit long for the load they had. I wasn't too interested in buying clothes, so I stood near the counter and waited. After about 20 minutes and several awkward looks, I grew impatient. I caved and started looking around a bit, and really wasn't impressed with the selection of clothes. Almost everything was from forever 21 and Target, I was expecting more high end brands to be mixed in. Especially in Scottsdale.After about 15-20 more minutes I got fed up and went to the counter and asked them if they went through my clothes. The lady who was sorting didn't bother to tell me when she finished, because it was obviously finished before I left the counter. Wow, can these people get any more rude? I looked over at the woman who was sorting in a "WTF?!" sort of manner, and she put her head down and began shouting orders again. Then the girl told me that they rejected the bag of clothes, and instead of telling me why she just put a guidelines sheet in the bag. And when I looked down, they obviously didn't go through the whole thing. Again, WOW. I wasn't really insulted because I went in expecting rejection, but the woman who was sorting was wearing workout clothes from the 90s, was much older, and had no manners. She failed to recognize expensive name brands, and the dresses at the bottom of the bag were in better shape than the ones I saw on the racks (the selection was sad), and they weren't from Forever 21, they were from boutiques. Just a pointer Plato's Closet, you should probably get someone who has knowledge of name brands, current styles, and fashion sense to oversee incoming clothing. Many of the clothes in the store were not priced right, which can sometimes work in your favor, but sometimes not. Also, train your staff to be FRIENDLY, and PROFESSIONAL. And maybe don't waste your customers time?? I probably would have bought stuff if they were nice to me, I had a fresh hundo in my pocket. Big mistake, BIG.HUGE. The one pro I have that gave me reason for one star: I found a pair of $300 boots for $40 that were unworn, which is a pretty kickass deal for the one who buys them. I refused out of principle.
4	This location is fairly large compared to other's I've been to.  I prefer this location over the one in Chandler.  There is a lot more to choose from and more unique items.
5	Love this location! The employees actually know their brands unlike the chandler location!!
4	I tend to enjoy a good scavenger hunt and shopping at thrift stores excites me in ways that shouldn't be normal! It's a cool feeling to find a super unique shirt or dress AND it's in your size and looks great when its tried on?! Score! I've had really great experiences at Plato's Closet. The staff was friendly and helpful. I have found really good items in good or excellent condition for awesome prices. I have not sold anything yet, but I'm thinking instead of reselling to their competitors in Tempe, I may give Plato's Closet first dibs on my used clothes. If you are on a budget, definitely check this place out. You will find current styles and good name brands and not even gasp when the cashier reads your total!
2	I've done consignment at a few different places around the valley. It's interesting how some take more of  your items than others. I brought a bunch of items into this Plato's Closet today, this was my first time in here. While waiting for them to take a look at my stuff, I was looking at their stuff. I found all their styles to be really....young, kind of overly worn (many items I looked at had stains), and frumpy. I tend to like more classic pieces, vintage, rather than fleeting and trendy.Needless to say, I didn't see anything I wanted to buy, and coincidentally they didn't take any of my items.Funny though the reason. I was told that they were passing on my whole bag of stuff because the styles were a little older and too "fancy" for what they are selling.
1	The music was so ridiculously loud that my whole group felt uncomfortable.  We asked the lady at the register to please adjust the volume.  She was very rude and refused.  I told her that we were leaving only because of the volume of the radio. If it was lower we would stay.  I only told her this so they would understand that 4 women with money to spend were leaving because of something that could be fixed very easily.   She was so rude about it that we will never step foot in that store again.
4	The last few times I have been here the customer service has been so great! Everyone has been so friendly and seem to genuinely care about how the store is perceived! Glad to see they made some changes since my last review!
1	They called the cops on me saying I had taken something (which I didn't), had to deal with that stupid drama. Their clothes are sucky with only a few good items here and there. I'm never going back.
1	I've given Plato's more chances than I probably should have. I went to sell some items that were mostly in-season, department store carried brands, and a couple really nice items. I tried to go the other day around 6, but I was told that I could only do a trade or receive store credit if I wanted to sell. No big deal, I figured I'd just go the day after. When I went in the next day, there was maybe one person ahead of me on the sign in sheet. It took them an entire hour to go through my items and present me an offer. I only had three bags, one of which was only shoes. They had no problem helping other customers and sellers before me though. I think I saw about four or five different sellers' names get added to the list before mine. The wait wouldn't have been so bad had there been a place to sit or had I been in the mood to shop. It also could have been improved by alerting the sellers in a more efficient way than writing their name up on a white board and waiting for the sellers to present themselves. There seemed to be a lot of staff behind the counter not doing anything other than talking. It could have just been a weird time in between shifts, but after more employees showed up for their evening shift, I still waited about 40 minutes. They took 6 items and I received $16. I almost asked for my clothes back because it didn't seem worth it, but I was afraid that would take another half hour. I was able to peruse their items and like many other reviewers have said, the items all seemed over-worn, of a low quality and from brands I would never buy second hand. Many of the shoes actually looked dirty. While I understand that the store is more so aimed towards younger people like myself, I'd rather buy new clothes at Forever21 or H&M which aren't expensive to begin with, and in some cases, fall apart easily. The items at Plato's aren't impressive. This is apart from the jeans, which seemed to be in good condition. That's about all they have to offer. The few nice items they had on display are not for sale.If they didn't choose more of my items because of the following reasons I'd understand: out of season, not sellable, obvious defects, not a known brand. Unfortunately, they could probably use the excuses that my items were too worn or dirty looking (read as: slightly wrinkled) or because the style number on the tag is "not new enough." It's consignment. That's kind of the point of buying resale clothing...I highly recommend selling and shopping at the following places: Buffalo Exchange, Smarty Pants, Rag-o-Rama, and for high end items, My Sister's Closets. The service is friendlier and more attentive, the payout is more rewarding and the inventory is better.
4	Good quality, used sorority wear for cheap.  Came with no intention of buying clothing, left with two fun sundresses, one for $6 and the other for $12.I showed up with a box of used clothes, none of which were accepted due to my style being "too mature."  I think that's a polite way of saying that I have no fashion sense.  If you decide to exchange clothes here, I would bring in your items in small quantities, and make sure that your nicest pieces are on top; I had some brand new Nordstroms shirts at the bottom of my box with the tags still on which were still folded and obviously not examined when I was given my box back.  I'd put money on the fact that the workers looked at the top few unacceptable items and decided not to take anything based on the less-than-fashionable quality of the most visible items.
1	HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE (minus the girl with really short hair who was the ONLY person to acknowledge me ). I waited for an HOUR for them to pay me for the items they took... Which they were done sorting in 20 minutes. They continued to sort through clothes from customers that came in after me BEFORE checking me out. A girl came in 20 minutes after me and was paid and out before me. I'm extremely frustrated because they had NO system or order in place. A 25 minute trip turned into and hour. Not interested in going here ever again.
1	very rude. will never ever go back.. and tell others not to bother.  also very dirty.
5	Oh que bien
1	So usually I don't write updates on stores that I hate this much, but Plato's Closet keeps running annoying ads on my Pandora station. I can honestly say it is the most irritating thing in the world to hear some lady's chipper voice talking about their discounts on fashionable clothing when the clothes here suck and the employees are even suckier.All you will find here are some cheapass clubbing skirts, poor quality tank tops and tacky accessories. Do not bother.
1	Went in today to sell some clothes. I have gone to Plato's before, but still never understand their buying process. They bought my cheap clothes from Charlotte Russe and what not, but did not take my nicer clothes from boutiques, Nordstrom's, or an Urban Outfitters skirt with the tag still on it. Maybe now I understand why the clothes there are never really cute in the first place. Also, the tall girl with shoulder-length hair and glasses was very rude to me. She basically threw my bag at me as I was leaving and was rushing everyone out of there, while the other employees seemed more patient. I do not plan on coming back to Plato's closet.
2	Went to the new location yesterday and it was very nice! Organized, clean, and had a HUGE selection... I don't know how anyone can even go through all the racks there! You will definitely find something there. I give it two starts though because the service was HORRIBLE! They had 5 employees (I counted) and not one greeted me, asked if I needed help or even acknowledged me. They were either talking to each other or on their phones. I stood by the dressing room waiting to try on clothes and no one helped me until I walked up to the counter and asked if I could use a room... She didn't even say anything to me, just walked over, unlocked the room and walked away. Definitely not a customer orientated store. Overall... Great store with a lot of merchandise but horrible unfriendly  staff!
1	Felt discriminated because I came there in a suit and all my clothes were designer. The associate didn't even look through my bag.  Wouldn't recommend
1	I went here to sell some shirts for the first time and the staff told me to "come back tomorrow for cash". I came back the next day&they said "Oh come back tomorrow in the morning for cash". I'm like really, fine i'll take store credit. The only guy who works there obviously gave the impression he did not want to help me, so he made this other girl do it. The staff altogether were very rude&not welcoming at all. However, there are some nice-ish clothes, given it is a thrift store. Will most likely not return, to this store anyway.
1	Staff is very rude and not helpful at all!! Owner should really look at all these bad reviews and get some new staff that are customer service orientated.
