3	Service was slow to arrive but ok once we got going. Certainly a great selection of beers. Nice patio. Food was tasty but portions were somewhat meager. Food was somewhat overpriced for what was on offer. I'll say again, nice patio. Didn't see any music while we were there so I can't speak to that.
5	Want to sample some of the best suds Quebec has to offer? Make sure you stop at this exceptional bar, which has at any given time about 30+ brews exclusively brewed in Quebec on tap. It's such a joy to walk into an establishment and not see the same ole craft regulars on tap, even in Montreal. V&V has a comfy atmosphere even when crowded, which it often is, although it has recently expanded to stuff more ale-lovers in. They have live music certain nights, tasty nibbles, and a cute terrace for sipping pretty in the warmer months. Highly recommended. Only downfall is that it's a bit outta the way.
5	This is high heaven in my books: long chalkboard list of locally brewed beers, delicious smoked meat sandwiches, big satisfying nacho plates and sausages, sunny wooden tables by the window on St Laurent in Little Italy next to a kids park, leafy terrace, weekday folk music, and freeee wifi (this is one of many Ile Sans Fils hotspots in town where anyone can create a new free account and get free internet tra la la!)
4	Awesome local beer selection, good nibbles, outdoor seating in the back. Basically perfect. Take a (fairly long) stroll to Snacks'n'Blues afterwards for the late night DJ. That's where the music magic happens!Tip: Play a lil' game with your friends where you order by number. Tell your friends the number beforehand so they can tell you if it's something you DEFINITELY won't like. We did that and it led to some interesting tastings...
4	They have so many different kinds of beer! What a taste experience. Thanks Yelp for the party it was excellent to meet Montreal Yelpers in person.
5	Beer lover's paradise!They had 34 beers on tap, including 2 cask selections. Place was jammed, but we were able to get a table (with a little help from the waitress). Fantastic beer selection that rivals some of our favorite bars in NYC.Great vibe - you feel like you are among locals of all different ages. Food looked & smelled good, though we didn't stray from the liquid course...Definitely worth checking out if you're in the area!
5	Holy beer selection, batman.  I had five of them.  All different.  Most waiter's choice.  My favorite, I think, was the Irish Red.  But they were ALL GOOD.The atmosphere is warm and inviting.  There are two distinct indoor spaces and a very lovely and comfortable patio... OH... I mean...terrasse.I added a quick tip stating the waiters "ate hit."  Um.  Yeah.  I had many beers.  That should have been "are hot," just FYI.. all of the waiters are hot.  Even before I was dizzy with beer happies.Also we had poutine.  Oh the poutine.  This was exceptional.  The fries were great.  The gravy was great.  This poutine was all win.If this place wasn't six hours from my house, I'd be here twice a week, easy.
4	Great beer selection a terrace in the back.  And ever since they expanded its not the crowded mess it use to be.
4	What a fun place! The beer selection is pretty grand, I should have imbibed in those rather than my vodka sodas which were actually pretty good. They muddled the citrus  in the glass and it made almost like a boozy orangina but with lemon yummmm.Also, it seems that you have to be absolutely hot to work here. Every time I ordered drinks, looking into those blue eyes made me freaking forget what it was that I was here for derrrr.I enjoyed how accommodating they were when paying, you could easily get cash back if paying with a card. Why can't we do this here?!And lastly, the poutine we got here was probably one of the best that I've had during my short stay in Montreal.Je t'adore, MTL!
5	One of my favourite spots for beer in Montreal. An ever changing menu (picked from the best local breweries), good food, and a great atmosphere make this place a sure-bet for a good time.The beer menu is usually around 30-40 beers, and written on a blackboard (it changes daily). With beers from MTL, Dieu Du Ciel, and other big local names, you just can't go wrong. There's always a few strange/fruity ones on there, as well as a cider or two, so there's guaranteed to be something for everyone. You can also get smaller 'taster' sized glasses, which is great for trying a large number of beers (and still being able to walk)The back patio section is now open, but I haven't had a chance to try it myself. The place itself is alongside a public park, which gives it a look of plenty of space out the back.
5	With a grand selection and variety of beers, everyone can satisfy their personal taste, you just can't go wrong at Vices et Versa! We sat outside on the patio, which had a nice feel to it. My friends and I had a bunch of different degustation pairings that included white, blonde, and amber beers, as well as cider! They were all delicious, my least favorite one being the ginger beer. My friend ordered a pizza for herself, it was perfectly sized for a single eater and tasted delicious (she was nice enough to give me a bite!). The server was accommodating, friendly, attentive, and helpful. I was especially impressed when he told my friend that her pizza had accidentally been overcooked and burned a little, so they were making her a brand new one. I commend and respect that very much because many places are more interested in your wallet than in your satisfaction. It's a shame when they don't care about the quality of the food they're pushing, Vices et Versa on the other hand does care and it shows.
3	With dozens of locally brewed beers on draft and above-average pub food, this place has a lot going for it. On a sunny day, you won't get a seat on the terrace unless you arrive unfashionably early. But if you have to stay inside, don't worry -- after 2 rounds of pale ale, you won't even notice the drab interior.
5	What better to do on an early summer afternoon that to eat drink and be merry with friends?  When deciding where to get a bite for dinner I was sold the second my friend suggested pulled pork poutine.  It was so delicious.  savoury chunks of falling-apart pork, atop of soft chunky fries, smothered in a creamy gravy.  At la banquise i can normally only eat about half a poutine, but not here my friends. I tried the blanche ginger beer, which was about as ginger-y as something can get save from sucking on a stalk, but it was a good choice for me, as it forced me to sip slowly.  Otherwise I may have had 3 or 4 or more pints of their fabulous selection of beers on tap.  Can't wait to go back.
5	The expanded menu suits the expanded seating area! Try the pulled pork poutine, the cone of fries with homemade beer mayo, cheese plates, even the veggie burger is not shabby. Cure for the sads: try a shot of Sortilege and espresso, served up by beloved folk singer Mike O'Brien. After this, nothin can touch you.
3	came for a quick poutine dinner stop with a large group. the menu is less than inspiring so i didnt order any entrees. it was my first time having poutine and it was nothing more than a slop of gravy and cheese on top of fries. it's what i expected poutine to taste, although i did hear that poutine should have steak gravy /shavings (which wasnt the case here). we seemed like the only ones there on a saturday night..
4	I went here last weekend for a birthday party and I felt like it was my birthday. What a sweet spot this place is...aside from the fact that it's just too far from my house! Why can't it be my own neighborhood "Cheers" bar?!  First of all, I love beer so the enormous selection was extremely tempting...I wanted to try them all, except tasting countless beers would inevitably lead to me falling off my bar stool. Been there, done that. Second of all, the music was excellent. I don't know who the DJ was, but I'd date his taste in music. My friends and I gathered up some tables and danced in our chairs until the wee hours. The ambiance of this place is where it's at! Brick walls, warm light, and chalk boards filled with the longest Christmas list of beers I've ever seen! Sadly, the patio was punched so we didn't get to hang out with the outdoor crowd. But, alas, there's always a next time...and there will be a next time...I can already hear the beer calling my name...or is that the DJ?
4	If you're a beer connoisseur then this place is for you. Quite a large beer menu for any discerning palate and a decent liquor selection as well. Inside was bigger than it let on from the street and it gets "busy but never crowded...much." You don't even have to shout to be heard across the table which is another good sign. So if you're looking for a good seat then get there early. A great casual hangout in the bar area but if you can score a table on the back patio then it's perfect for enjoying a brew with friends under the stars. Plus your date can watch the fireflies while you catch the basketball game going on right next to the patio: everyone wins.Otherwise, pretty good service and helpful. My first time there I asked for an amber lager and the bartender promptly gave me two samples to see what I liked more...or you can save some time by going to their website and look up whatever you fancy. Show up with the drink number or name and you're good to go otherwise you could be there awhile...going over your choices.
4	Of all the places I'd been in Montreal so far, this was the most modern, upscale and hipster. They did frites and beer very well. I love being able to get a glass of beer (as opposed to a pint) anywhere in the city, but hate the information design of the menus! Brewery first, then beer name, dammit! That said, the waitstaff was very friendly, quick and pleasant. I thought the selection here was less enamoring than Le Saint Bock, but still very nice to see a solid focus on the regional beers, if some prominent members were missing, in my opinion.A comfortable atmosphere, a good selection with appropriate serving temperature and glassware, paired with great frites and mayo made for an extremely pleasant early evening!
5	Beertopia, I love this place. The fries are so tasty and cooked just right, the back patio is fa-reaking adorable and the beer selection (30+ beers! Changes daily) kicks ass. I've been here a few times after work and I can't say enough positives about this place from the vibe, the selection, the snacks and the prices. It's a hoppy little gem tucked away amid the Italian haunts.
5	One of the best places to enjoy beer in Montrea!
5	Pulled. Pork. Poutine.Someone back in the kitchen could be curing cancer, but I'm glad their brilliance is focused on food, because this shit is actually one of the best ideas ever. With a touch more of the tangy BBQ sauce, it might even be the best food of all time, but I think at this point it's going to have to settle for being just ONE of the tastiest treats I've ever tasted.The crazy thing about Vices et Versa is that even if they didn't have pulled pork poutine on the menu it would still be an incredible bar, first and foremost because they have beers for DAYS. There are 33 on the tap list (that apparently rotates pretty frequently), and they are all locally brewed and judging by the four or five I was able to taste, all delicious. I guess I'm not well-versed enough in Quebec microbreweries to recall all of them, but I did have one brew called the Peche Mortal (mortal sin) that was dangerously tasty. And there was some kind of fiddle party going on in the back room.I'm moving to Montreal.
4	Good ambiance and music.Poutine was good.
4	Great selection of beers from a variety of micro-breweries. We've been there several time and tried different ones (the menu also changes regularly so do go back!). The atmosphere is very laid-back, though the place is often very busy. And the food absolutely amazing! My only negative point would be the staff who are sometimes pushy and arrogant (no need to be, you'll get your tip don't worry!)
4	If I can go to one place and one place only for the night to have a sample of what Montreal local microbreweries offers, Vices et Versa would be my choice!The 33 beers on drafts have a selections of different breweries and styles.Love the flight options as we ended up trying 12 beers that evening and I can see my Yelp friend's eyes getting blurry: Can't see the chalkboard symptom and almost walked into the son the sidewalk wall.We sampled @ $14 for 6 samples with any combination:La Ruine-PapillesBritishRousse RustreBoson de Higs - A strange smokey beer that has a hint of meat?!Blanche de l'ErmitageDominus Vobiscum Double - Belgian Dubble 8%Le Tracteur Du Pere Buteux - Saison at 8%MacKroken Flower -10% ABVCID OriginalCID RoseCID Culvre Sur Lie -10% ABV La Buteuse - A Belgina Tripel 10% ABVWe were happily drinking and waiting for my other Yelp friend who has problem finding this place...  Now I realized all these high ABV beers we drank at this bar stop would have made me so happy and want to go back to Vices et Versa!Cheers!!FYI: I untapped all the beers we tried! I doubt I would have remembered what I drank the next day anyway!
4	The best beer selection in Montreal and really nice people.. I want to love their patio, but it somehow concentrates cigarette smoke, so even though I'm not hypersensitive it's quite often annoyingly stinky.
3	Stopped in for a few while in town for the jazz fest.Kindof an incomplete grade for me: 32 craft beers from local Quebec brewers, but I loved the rosee d'hibiscus beer so much while at Dieu du Ciel that that's all I drank here. Did not get food, but did sit out on the back patio, which was pleasant and relaxing (trees shielded the light rain nicely). Service was friendly and attentive.Would like to go back to check out some other Quebec microbrews.
4	Absolutely incredible beer list, one of the best I have seen at any bar in terms of rarity and selection. It was packed everytime we went there and id imagine the food is very good so ill leave my 5th star for the next time I return and give it a try. If you like beer and especially rare belgians, you should be here.
5	Why are you reading Yelp ? Go here now. Great beers ; solid meals ; and knowledgable staff. As a beer nut I can fully attest that this place has it all. It's an easy bus ride from the more touristy areas of the city.
5	Oh my goodness!  I love this place to death!  Wide open spaces inside, great garden area outside, and just a fantastic selection of beers.  I just couldn't imagine a better place to be do some day drinking with the cool afternoon breeze and a nice Quebec brew in tow.  I would come back here forever.The service is also great.  Free Wifi.  Beer is cheap and so delicious.  They just have a lot to offer for both light and heavy drinkers.  Whether you like the hoppiness, fruitiness, or just some darkness, they have what you want.  Sorry, they have what you need!Their menu looked solid, but I didn't have the chance to try the fare.  Will have to next time which I hope is soon.
5	I love beer. They have beer. A ton of it. Throw in a large outdoor patio space, 30 beers on tap, 1 on cask, and I'm in heaven. They also got the wifi's so you can instagram those awesome beer pics and check in for that social karma. Golden. There's also a public park right behind this bar, with basketball hoops. You can find a pick up game after kicking back a few pints. Also, they got this sprinkler system that requires someone to turn it on. Play a prank on your friends by guiding them to it and them hit the switch for drunken laughter.
5	EXCELLENT! This is really one of my favorite bars in Montreal. Frites are actually really good but, of course, the real focus is on the diverse & extensive beer selection. Good music, outdoor space is fantastic to hang out in (weather permitting) and always a great crowd. It can be dangerous when dealing with the 8-12% alcohol beer range and a cozy seat. It's laid back but far from lazy!
5	One of my favourite bars in montreal, outstanding selection, great staff, awesome beer, great little beer garden and the revelation that is pulled pork poutine!! I really cannot find any fault, go there!
4	This is a great place. I love going here for drinks or for nachos. In the summer there's also an awesome outdoor area. Really cool vibe. Whenever Im in the area, this place is always on my radar.My only complaint is that on a couple of occasions, I have experienced two separate, rude, francophone servers (pretending not to understand my french, when most of Montreal does or at least appreciates the effort, except these types) who were only nice once my francophone speaking friends arrived. But.. still won't keep me away though. Nice place. :)
4	Nice  pub  !!!
4	Stopped by for a beer and snack. We sat outside on the back deck. Nice beer list. Our waitress helped us with our selections. The nachos were delicious. Glad we went.
1	One of the worst service in Montreal.....No smile, no help...on top of that they know almost nothing about beer. I ask for some tasting notes on a season, the answer was "oh it's a season", vey helpful....Don't go unless you know your beer and don't tip !
2	I'll give a two on five, just because of the local craft beers list. I mean when they got all the range full, not 20 on 30. Unfortunately, vice and versa got two huge issues:- a non welcoming staff, who seems to be tired of serving you or answering your questions- the very poor knowledge in beer, which for a craft beer pub is sad.Anyway, French fries are really good.
4	Came here after reading yelp reviews and was happy I did. Great local beer selection and amazing bison burger. Back porch is relaxing place to hang out on a summer's afternoon. Service is a bit lacking in terms of warmth/friendliness, but overall it's a good spot.
4	Great beer and an excellent back patio. Did I mention they have great beer? Pints are $1 off before 7 PM.
4	Good beers..awesome selection of 32 on tap.  Two sours, which were great.Smoked meat poutine was mouth-wateringly delicious.  I sat at the bar and the young lady who served me was delightful.  Friendly, knowledgeable and efficient.I'd like to pick up this place and move it to Queens.
4	"Go there and dip your french fries in mayonnaise." Extensive beer and some pickup basketball right next to the bar.
4	A Lively and energetic atmosphere for a Friday night, combined with an excellent draft list and good (French) pub food, made a excellent first meal in Montreal. The vegetarian chili special was hearty and flavorful with a nice shape cheddar gratin - I was satisfied even as a carnivore.
5	Great neighborhood spot. Good prices and local beer. Really nice terrace with heating lamps for winter. I was happy they offered veggie options. I had the veggie burger and my husband had the cheeseburger with poutine. The gravy is homemade with beer and he said it was delicious. I loved my plate too. Great for a chill date. Or just to hang out. Love the art work too.
4	I really enjoyed having dinner and drinks at Vices et Versa. We researched some dinner options on Yelp and decided on this one. We ordered 2 of the sour beers which were really tasty. We also got the bison burger and the chicken quesadilla. The meals were perfect. It was great going to a neighborhood spot and avoiding some of the more touristy spots. Lively upbeat crowd. I highly recommend this place and will probably go back next time I'm in town.
5	5 stars for a cool neighbourhood spot, a fantastic microbrew list, a sensational night. Even for a Monday night, this place was packed (which was a good sign). The beers are listed on chalkboards on the wall in barely legible scrawl. Bf and I opted for a carousel with six different options with our server's recommendations. Honestly, the night was like a blur with the beer and the chill atmosphere, that I can't comment other than "everything was great".EVEN BETTER was the option of a cheese and charcuterie plate to nibble on. We got three different Quebec cheese (Bleu Benedictin, a mild goat cheese log, and a stunning brie), rabbit rillettes (to DIE for), olives and almonds, served with a basket of fresh baguette. Man, I freaking love this place.It's quirky, delicious and lively: everything I love in a bar. Now, to transport Vices et Versa back to my neighbourhood so I can enjoy fine cheese and great beer all the time. If you are poutine-inclined, they have a great smoked meat poutine to indulge in.
