5	I heard about this company through some co-workers. Can't say enough good things about the service! While I try to keep up, my housework comes in third behind work and being a full time student. It's great to worry about one less thing! Everyone that I talked to was so nice, especially the cleaners.
5	We hired Queen of Maids to do a final clean up of our apartment in Chandler, AZ. The team arrived on time as scheduled and did a thorough job. We were very satisfied with their service and we will certainly recommend them to others.
5	This company is great! I love their website.. so easy to book online and the prices are very clear. Everyone is always so friendly and professional! It is so nice not to worry as much about my housework.
5	These guys are the best! First of all I booked on line and it took me about 30 seconds. They showed up on time and did a great job. They were very meticulous and cleaned everywhere! And Less money than several others I checked out. I will only use these guys from now on and I recommend them to everybody.
5	So easy to book online. Kind of made it a no-brainer to use them. Could not be easier to schedule. I had them do some basic spring cleaning. 3 bedroom and 2 bath house. They sent the crew over and made the house much cleaner than I have in the past. It was totally worth the money. What would take me all day took them only hours. The best thing is they met my wife's standards and that can be tough. Thank you so much. Great price and excellent service. I WILL be using Queen of Maids again.
5	What a great service.  I want to first say that my wife cleans the house daily and is very meticulous.  The online booking was first class and the on time service was great.  Looks as if we now have a service we can use in the future vs calling others that have vanished by the wayside.  I strongly recommend this company to anyone that wants to earn brownie points with their spouse!  Thanks QOM!!!
5	The crew from Queen of Maids has just been amazing.  I have them come for monthly cleanings and they do an outstanding job, even cleaning things not on the list.  My house shines when they leave.  My daughter, who lives with me, has very exacting standards and was very impressed with the job they had done.  They are head and shoulders above any cleaning service I have ever used before.
5	Jason is a great owner and shows he cares by personally checking the work of his employees. They really are the royalty of cleaning services and I would use them anytime we want our home cleaned.
5	I really like their website, I know exactly what I'm going to pay everytime I use their service.   Best house cleaning website I've seen.   The owner Jason always follows up with a phone call or visit to see how everything went.  Seems like a good dude.
5	What a great service! A real live person answers the phone and they are very friendly and helpful. I'm happy to recommend them!!
5	These guys ROCK!!! The best of the best. 200% guarantee, The owner Jason stands behind his crews and will make sure you are a happy customer. I have worked in the house with a few of his crews and we have some mutual customers and they always rave about the service they are provided. The crews are friendly and are very attention detail orientated. Have referred them out a number of times with glowing reviews back to me about the service and the convenience of booking online. My reputation is very important to me and they have made me look like a total Rock Star, so for that a % star review. Thanks Queen of Maids.
5	I ordered the $10 for $20 deal.  They came, they cleaned.  I like their clean and easy to use website.  Great company, I'm a frequent customer.
5	I have used many different maid services over the years and I have finally found the one we are going to stick with - Queen of Maids.  They were various courteous on the phone and came on time, the house had obviously been super cleaned when we got home from work that night and even smelled clean.  I would highly recommend them for a weekly or bi-monthly or just to do a one-time clean.Good service at a great price!
5	Queen of Maids is a fantastic house cleaning service! I would highly recommend them to anyone. They do a fantastic job! I love that they offer the book online feature. It saves me time from my schedule and it is so easy to do! If you are looking for a trusted and thorough cleaning services, look no further!
5	I have the same two person crew every other week.They always show up early.They work hard while here.My wife is happy and is no longer stressed about cleaning on weekends.  Our OCD nanny is also happy and impressed.What else is there to say?
5	Called with a last minute "oh my G-d, my cleaner cancelled and I need help NOW" request and was not disappointed.  Jason quoted me a price for a Move Out cleaning for the following day and helped me to lower the price by making a few changes.  I needed them to come the afternoon of a move and not only were they on time...they were early!  So early that I wasn't there!  They let themselves in, did a thorough cleaning and let themselves out.  I never even saw the girls!  I went by the house later in the evening and everything looked perfect for the new owners.  I will definitely use them again to help me in my new home.
5	Jose and Marilynn were a tremendous help as we are moving out this weekend! Every nook and cranny is now sparkling. They were quick and professional and their hard work is much appreciated!I will absolutely be requesting them again on a more frequent basis in our new house. Thank you Queen of Maids!
5	These guys are amazing. I gave them a list that I didn't think they could tackle in two hours, but they did my list and then did a bunch of other stuff on their own. Things I was grateful for. Things like the inside of my microwave, making my stainless steel shine, wiping windows, dusting and wiping cabinets til they were shiny. I only asked for my floors, baseboards, blinds and bathrooms but they did all of that and more. They go above and beyond and were so kind and friendly. I will definitely use them again, and recommend them to everybody.
5	Just used them again. Absolutely wonderful. Did a great job and the owner personally talked with me and made sure everything was done right. Can't beat that!
5	I only needed one room cleaned. The couple did what I asked, they arrived on time, and it took them one hour. My "cat room" is sparkling! Jason, the owner, followed up to make sure I was satisfied. Would recommend.
5	Queen of Maids has been awesome to work with. They are super accommodating & responsive. All the cleaners are excellent- but Kym & Lacey are the best! Not only are they very detailed & thorough, they are comfortable & experienced with dogs. For the first time since we moved to AZ seven years ago, we are able to leave our dog out when the cleaners come. He totally looks forward to their visits & starts wagging when he hears them coming.  We hope we never have to find another cleaning company: we wholeheartedly recommend Queen of Maids!
5	After moving into a larger home, I was overwhelmed with the thought of having to keep it clean all on my own.  Although I keep up with daily messes, I decided that hiring someone to come in once a month for a more thorough cleaning was necessary.  I searched in community magazines & on-line, trying to find a company with consistently positive reviews.  I found Queen of Maids on-line, & the reviews are wonderful.  I e-mailed a question to the web-site, & I received a response within half an hour, which in itself impressed me.  After communicating with QOM, I was guided in the direction of using the hourly rate, which allowed me to pick & choose which rooms I wanted cleaned, a priority list of what needed to be done, & the amount of time I was able to afford.  I scheduled my appointment on-line, which was a breeze, & I was able to schedule within the week.  On the day of the cleaning, I was at work.  I was so happy to arrive home, walk in the door, & see my house looking gorgeous & smelling wonderful!  My floors were spotless, my appliances were clean  & shiney, my throws & pillows were elegantly arranged, it was lovely!  I have 3 indoor cats,  There was not a cat hair in sight.  I loved that I was able to customize exactly what needs to be done, & since I didn't need my extra guestrooms cleaned, I just shut the doors so more time could  be spent beautifying the messy, high-traffic areas.  I'm hoping that next time goes just as well.For now, I would recommend Queen of Maids.
5	Queen of Maids did a move out clean for us this past weekend and we were so impressed with their work and professionalism.  They showed up on time and got right to work.  They cleaned out all of our appliances, cabinets, baseboards, windows, dusted our blinds, cleaned our bathrooms, vacuumed and mopped.  They did such a great job and I was so thankful for their help.  Moving can be so stressful and it was so nice to not have to worry about cleaning.  Thanks Queen of Maids for making our home shiny, clean, and ready to sell!
4	I am a very tough critic and I almost gave them 5 stars.  Reasons why I like this company 1. Easy to schedule 2. Friendly workers who are on time and call ahead 3. Have the same cleaners each clean 4. Reasonable price compared to other maid services 5. Lowered my price (great surprise!!) after a few times coming since my house stays pretty clean and it isn't as much work for the ladies now that I have them coming regularlyThe only thing that would make it 5 stars would be if they paid closer attention to dusting, wiping down light fixtures/glass, and would put things back where they were before they cleaned.  I would highly recommend this company.
5	We had our previous cleaner for 14 years and when we switched to Queen of Maids the level of clean went many notches. Our shower floor has never been this white! Thank you Queen of Maids!
2	I know that this may come as a shock to the other reviewers on here but my service was less than stellar.  I came home and did a walk through of the house and found that my dining room was hardly touched, dining room chairs were partially done and the hanging lamp over my dining room table had cobwebs on it still as well as the console table was not dusted thoroughly.  In addition, once I went into my 2nd bedroom, I found that it had not even been dusted.  Vacuumed, yes, but not dusted.  Nothing had been moved for dusting on the table tops.  I am disappointed.  One positive was that Jason listened to my concerns and thanked me for the feedback.  Other positive the floors looked really good.  I don't think I will use this service again.  Maybe I expect that once you have your house cleaned it should be sparkling.  Just me, just saying.
3	I have mixed feelings as I just got done walking through my house after using this service and while the floors are immaculate, other things have been neglected. Dusting is sub-par (blinds, fans, etc) and this was one area I really needed focus on. I keep up with daily pick up but am looking for someone to come in monthly to really clean the place in areas that I don't have time to spend on. Although they are pricier than other companies, I chose Queen of Maids because other reviewers made it seem like this would be the company to do just that. None of the toilets or sinks were cleaned (which may not have come with the service, I am unclear on that still) and some of the tile floors had left over clumps of dog hair that the mop didn't get. The shower was another thing I needed scrubbed well, but I will be re-doing it as it is streaked and not fully rinsed. Lastly, although the bedroom looked tidy, some of the dog's toys and my shoes were thrown on the bed in a pile. I don't put a lot of stuff on the comforter because it requires dry-cleaning so that was a bit of a turn off. I realize we have a larger home with a big shedding dog, but that was the reason I needed a cleaning company to give me a hand. Will probably hire someone cheaper next go-round. I called the office during office hours and received an automated system that told me to go online for assistance, so if this pans out better I will adjust this review accordingly.
5	The wonderful company the queen of maids more than met my expectations. I spoke to Marcy who was the customer service manager that handled things in a professional warm and caring manner. She was able to get  very focused, hardworking and honest people to clean my rental home. The rental home was in very bad condition. They cleaned the walls, stove, bathrooms, floors, windows,  inside the refrigerator,  inside the oven. The best, hardest workers (Steven and Brenda) did so much above and beyond from cleaning the  ceiling fans to the indoor windows.  The home looked so beautiful that I forgot that this rental home used to look that nice before I ever lived in it! That said,  I was able to contact the owner Jason,   to  give him my positive feedback. Since I  found Queen of Clean on YELP, I am sending in my sincere and grateful feedback. From Marcy, to Steve, Brenda and then Jason, this company has its act together!   All in all  I give this business, the Queen of made a 5 star rating for a wonderful job ! Thank you so much! I will be calling them again.  Definitely use them. .. Pam Ransom, Chandler Arizona
5	What a gem!  Finally I have someone I can communicate with!  They were prompt, pleasant to have around and did a great job. I loved not having to repeat what I needed done.  I am looking forward to having them again.
5	I scheduled an appointment with Queen of Maids after reading the reviews on Yelp. We now have the monthly service and they have been by twice. I was impressed with the ease of making an appointment. I live with my boyfriend, and I wouldn't say that we are messy people, but with the dog and both having full time jobs, we have little energy/desire to clean. It is a little expensive, and is definitely an extravagance for us, but I think this is an example of getting what you pay for. The customer service is stellar. I had to notify them at 11pm the night before that I would not be home for the service and give them information on how to access the home. I thought for sure I would be getting a call the next morning asking how to get in. Instead, a few minutes after I sent the email I received a reply thanking me for the update and letting me know the cleaning team would be notified. Amazing. I came back from the event I had that morning to a sparkling clean home. They even vacuumed the dog hair off of my couch. The home also has three stories, and I was so grateful that they vacuumed each and every one of those stairs. My favorite part was probably the fact that there were no more fingerprints all over the stainless steel appliances - my pet peeve.I assume that they were on time since I got home only two and a half hours after the scheduled cleaning and they weren't there. I'm very pleased so far and I hope it continues each month!
2	We were in the middle of a move to AZ from CA and decided to have the house cleaned while nothing was in it.  We had seen the home on a trip here about a week before the move and it appeared as if the prior owners put quite a bit of effort in to it, but I wanted it to look awesome before we moved in.  So I scheduled a carpet cleaning service and called Queen of Maids to clean the house.  The bathrooms were already cleaned very well by the previous owners and the fridge wasn't that bad, so we told them not to worry about those areas.  I was mainly concerned with the kitchen , living room, and bedrooms.  When we arrived at the home to move in I was a bit disappointed with the end result.  The home actually looked about the same as it did when we had visited a week prior to moving in.  The kitchen didn't even look like it was touched.  I honestly thought they might have cleaned another home, but my realtor guaranteed me that they were here cleaning.  When I asked my realtor how the home turned out, she paused and replied with "ummm, its good".  My father is a huge believer in yelp, and he wants to give Queen of Maids one more chance because he is looking for a long term cleaning service every two weeks.  So I will give them one more chance and make an appointment soon.  I will mention the prior cleaning and hope that the next time they come out that it looks better than the last time or this will be the last chance I give them.  It has been about two months since that cleaning, so this is a bit delayed, but it seems like Queen of Maids is the only maid service in the area with positive reviews.
5	I highly recommend Queen of Maids to any consumer wanting a housecleaning service that you can trust and that will do a great job, satisfaction guaranteed!  The owner of Queen of Maids is extremely diligent about using only background checked cleaners that meet his high satisfaction requirements.  This is not a "hands off" owner but rather someone with strict standards that must be adhered to.  When you hire Queen of Maids you know you are getting a trustworthy person in your home that will take care of all your cleaning needs without question!
5	Fabulous job!  We cannot say enough good things about the crew that was sent over. Professional and courteous and thorough!  Thank you!!
5	My daughter used this company off of my recommendation. They have been very professional, efficient, and fast. Trust is important in our family and this company had been trustworthy so far. We'd recommend them to anyone.
