2	I've been here a few times.. and every time there has something that really bothered me. if you don't have consistency then you really cant be expecting people to flock to eat. despite having some college beer happy hour drinks specials, this place seems to fail me more often than not. the food itself isnt super special, but they do have pretty decent fries. if anything you can have fries and a beer. i've had the thai chicken wrap, it was pretty generic of a wrap. but then the fries saved it. the burger came out okay, they cooked it correctly which is a good thing, but the flavors were just 'eh'. the french onion soup was way tooo salty, i felt like i was sucking on a beef bouillon cube. they have lots of tv's all over the place which is a great way to distract yourself when you're ignored by your server. i've served before and when there's only one table it's not so hard to check up on your customers. i had to stop eating at one point to wave my server down to get a refill in fear i might need help to wash the food down with.. even though i've had better i'll probably go back just for fries if i'm in no rush.. maybe with a good book or piles of work to do.
2	Went with my son while visiting Duquense University. Food was ok, atmosphere was good. Nothing specatacular though. For bar type food it was ok.
4	Very nice place to go before or after Any sporting event . Easy walk to Mellon Arena and new Consol Energy Center . Adjacent to Duquesne University . Good food and nice bar selection . The place can get very crowded before Penguin games so arrive early . No reservations . Make sure you chech on their hours . It seems they follow the schedule for Duquesne so don't assume they will be open .
3	A decent place for lunch. Their hours is not always convenient and some servers are not " the brightest light bulb" in the tanning bed but usually ok.
2	This place is okay for an informal lunch.  It is targeted more for college students; workers and diners.  I frequent here because it is not far from my work and I am in and out in 30 minutes or less.  The bread in the French Onion soup is WAY too soggy but the Thai Chicken Wrap is pretty banging.  I tell them light on the sauce because it always falls through the bottom of the wrap.
2	Excellent location, especially if you are headed to a hockey game.  The food is okay.  Not a favorite place of mine, but it can sometimes come in handy.  The restaurant is owned by Duquesne University and it is managed by foodservice giant Aramark, so it's no wonder this place often reminds me of a college cafeteria.
3	I went to school at Duquesne and this restaurant was added near the end of my time there. I've always liked it and it clearly is a "Duq" place to eat, but the last time I was there, it may have been the worst service I've ever received at a restaurant in my whole life. The food was fine, but the server would disappear for 20 mins at a time and was not nice or accommodating.
2	This unfortunately named restaurant conjures up two images for me.  The first is the death of a fairly expensive gaming system, and the second is too childish for me to admit to, but when this place is suggested for lunch, I flash back to the time I did the triple atomic wings challenge at Quaker Steak.  For that I apologize sincerely, but I can't control my brain, yo.The point of that thought train is that subconsciously, I think this place already had a few marks going against it.  My friend and I have been for lunch a few times since it's so close to his office, and really the biggest surprise is that nothing is good, but nothing is really bad either...it's as bland as a dry wedding.  The worst offense being the "signature" chicken fingers, which tasted like neither chicken, nor fingers.  It reminded me of that flavorless feast from "A Wrinkle in Time".  L'Engled!The wrap I had was alright, but this restaurant sets the bar pretty low.  I'm assuming this is a chain since it looks like an amalgam of every chain restaurant I have ever been to.  Little bit o' Fridays, mixed with a dose of Applebees, with just a hint of Damons thrown in.  It's menu and appearance are just super dull, and really, with a thousand cool restaurants so close, this seems like a terrible misstep.My suggestion to the Red Ring marketing department: just embrace the fact that you've named your restaurant after an inflamed butthole and make your menu all about incredibly hot food challenges.  You've just been given a Christmas miracle, my friends.
2	I was quite happy when this restaurant first opened because there was finally an option for grabbing dinner before a Pen's game that wasn't the Souper Bowl (dirty, crowded, nasty food) or the Steelhead Grille (very,very expensive).  The decor is nice and upscale, and the food was consistently good, but the servers were hit-or-miss.   And the place was always packed before the games so we had to arrive early to get seated and enjoy our dinner.Because of the NHL strike and other factors, we hadn't been to a game in 10 months.  Something very bad happened at Red Ring in those months.The meal portions have decreased and the entrees we ordered just weren't as good as they used to be.  And, really, the meals are served in red plastic baskets with a lovely checked piece of paper underneath?  Are we at the beach ordering fried seafood?  Their presentation used to be quite good, now it's... plastic baskets.  And our server was one of the worst we have had in our 3(?) years of eating meals there.We noticed as we were leaving that there are no longer lines of people to be seated, and it made sense.  Many of their former customers are going elsewhere-- but WHERE?   We will probably not be back unless our only option is the Souper Bowl...
3	The Red Ring is certainly a welcome addition to the Uptown and Duquesne Campus area. The place is clean, has lots of seating, and is not pricey. PROS: Great pub food. Diverse menu with salads, wraps, burgers, tons of appetizers, and vegetarian friendly items.CONS: This place can get extremely packed for a Pens pre-game session leaving you to feel absolutely ignored by the bar staff who are overwhelmed with the volume of patrons. Service during non-game times is also a bit inconsistent.
4	Right on Duquesne's campus and a perfect place to go before a concert or Pens game at the Consol Energy Center.  It can get crowded before games/concerts so make sure to leave plenty of time. The bar is also fun to hang out at as they have great game day drink specials.  I ordered the 2nd Shift pale ale for the $3 special-the bartenders said it tasted just like Yuengling which it did.  For dinner I went with the cobb wrap which was a cobb salad (egg, cheese, chicken, tomatoes, lettuce, bacon) in a wrap. The hot bacon dressing was delicious. My date ordered the turkey club with homemade chips which he too enjoyed. My only complaint is that I ordered mashed potatoes as my side instead of fries and they charged me $1.99 extra.
3	We went here before seeing the Penguins game last weekend. Sub-par is the best way to describe this food. It was just shy of being good. The fries were tasty but had a serious lack of cheese and bacon on them. If I'm getting specialty fries, I want a lot of toppings. I had the crab cake sandwich and the crab cake was so small, I had so much excess bun. Really didn't feel like I got the most of the meal. I will say that the chips were very good. Not too greasy and just crispy enough. I would eat here again but not any time soon.
1	We had a terrible experience. We were there before Billy Joel concert. We ordered drinks and appetizer. The wings were cold In the middle and not crisp at all. We got our drinks with no glasses. We asked for glasses and we got the after our drinks were done. My vodka tonic had no vodka, and we has asked for a slice of orange with her blue moon. We never got it after asking twice. Also we never got any plates so I had to put the wings into the same bowl they came out in. Also asked for more napkins they came when the dinner came out. Dinner was ok the steak sandwich was hot, but nothing spectacular. We ordered a second round of drinks and they came out when we were ready to leave. I was surprised how bad it was because I have been there before for penguin games last year. I will not be back .
3	Pretty good.  A nice and easy location to eat at while visiting Duquesne. Service was really good, the server was very attentive, and helpful.The burger I had was OK, a little burnt and a little lumpy like uneven.The fried zucchini was amazing, i could have eaten like 3 servings of that alone.Looks like it would be a pretty fun place to go before a pens game.Ambiance is very sporty, and open, I bet they can accomodate a lot of big groups.
1	I work in town, so me and 3 of my co-workers walked up to the Red Ring for a nice sit down lunch. We have been here before, and they have had moderate to good service. We arrived inside and stood at the hostess stand. No one was there to greet us and that was fine, there never is. Usually, a waiter or waitress multitasks and comes over to greet and seat us right away. However, today we stood there for a good 5 minutes and waited for an employee to come over. Finally, a waiter comes up and seats this group of 2 people that arrived right before us. He then proceeded to tend to other tables by getting their orders or refilling beverages, etc. Then, another waitress appears and she makes eye contact with us and sees we have been waiting. Clearly, we are annoyed, however she decides to clean some tables even though there are about 15 other clean tables available for us to sit at. Both the waiter and waitress continued to look up at us, as we aimlessly stood at the hostess stand, but still no one came over! Finally, after about 10 minutes, we all actually started to laugh at how ridiculous the situation was and left. Seriously! Either hire a hostess, get more employees, or tell the staff that they should want to seat guests for lunch. Unfortunately, every time I think of that place, I'm going to think of that terrible experience.
3	Wow, I'm actually surprised to see so few reviews for a burger place downtown.Honestly, the Red Ring isn't that bad. The menu is different than it was when it first opened, but I've always been able to find something tasty.The place has a sporty feel, but it's still a nice restaurant. I think it's one step up from a chain Applebees type place.
3	Bar food is tricky. It can be all over the place between really good, really bad and everywhere in between. This place coming in right in the middle. I feel like they may have to start stepping up their game with the Blue Line Grille right around the corner and basically having the same concept. I ordered the Turkey burger with coleslaw. The burger was fine. Could have used a little more flavor, but not terribly bland. I really liked the coleslaw, which was vinegar based. They gave you a hardy helping too!I like that they have some local brews on tap, but I believe there were only about six draft choices. Am I spoiled by the craft brew bars that have like 40 beers on tap? Probably.Not a bad pre-game option. But like I said, they might have to step it up a bit if more restaurants start popping up around here.
