5	I recently bought a Groupon coupon for half off of a meal delivery service called Mama Mimi. I just redeemed the coupon this week and I am really impressed. I ordered a home-made lasagna and some seafood linguini and both were divine. And the lemon loaf for dessert was really great too. All in all, I will totally order from Mama Mimi again as it gives me a couple of nights off from cooking :)
1	I bought a Groupon for Mamamimi a few months back and didn't really have a chance to use it until recently. I was excited about the week of food, I wondered how their approach would work for us.Mamamimi offers two deliveries per week, once on Sunday, the next on the Wednesday. Great, that means the food will be freshly prepared and doesn't have to sit in the fridge for an extended period of time. They offer 5 different main course items per week and you can choose whatever you want, but not which "shipment" it comes in.The first sign of trouble is their website, which is just horrendous. It has sliding windows that made me dizzy and the screen doesn't set it place, so you can't just scroll down, it moves the entire website and is not very user friendly (suggestion: fire your website designer). Second, the order form is not very intuitive and it seems that the team at mamamimi are not very well organized with getting back to people, as I experienced this past weekend.That said, if their food had rocked, they would have had me a regular customer. We have weeks where work is non-stop and we rotate through various delivery chains for sustenance. A week generally goes from pizza, to chicken, to Greek food, to etc. and it can add up. So 81$ for two people (five meals per person) would save us about 25% off one of those kinds weeks.Unfortunately, their food didn't rock. Everything we had was disturbingly bland. I understand that everyone has different tastes, but when butter chicken tastes like the white rice it's served upon, you've got a problem. I guess this makes the meals suitable for kids, they could just pile on some ketchup and be happy.Another issue I had with the meals was that they didn't come with any reheating instructions. When I reheated my first meal in the microwave, some beef bourguignon, the lid melted into the meal, and I had to throw it out. From then on, I wasn't sure if any of the packaging was microwaveable, so I reheated it in a microwave safe container. Overall, this was a busy week for us, so I kept trying each meal, but ultimately tossing it and then ordering from somewhere else.
2	I also had a Groupon and I really wanted to like the food from Mama Mimi, but it just failed on so many levels. Like Laura D said in her review, the food was just so bland. It's like they have never heard of herbs or spices, or even pepper! Also, the portions for the various meals were very uneven. For example, the portion of lasagna was huge, but then the pork with mashed potatoes and vegetables  was miniscule. I understand that meat is expensive, but mashed potatoes and carrots are not! They gave a golf ball-sized scoop of potatoes and a few measly pieces of carrots, plus two or three thin slices of pork. If they are going to skimp on the protein, then at least give enough of the other elements so that you will be getting a proper sized meal. Having freshly prepared meals delivered straight to your door is a great concept, but unfortunately, Mama Mimi failed on the execution of cooking good tasting, properly seasoned food. The only positive thing that I could think of was that the meals seemed fairly healthy. They weren't particularly greasy, and as I said, some of the portions were really small, so I guess you will be on a diet on some days!
