4	If you grew up somewhere where there is no dinky little restaurants do not go there - You will be shocked! Shit, i grew up in NYC and i was a bit surprised, especially after living in Phoenix for a while. Their advertisement of NY Style Chinese Food is quite correct - dinky little place between nail saloon and bread store, disgusting dirty dishes on plastic beat up tables, some pimply asian teen who does not speak much English behind a counter, a "Chef" reading Chinese news paper in the corner chair. WOW Home sweet home! Since i called in and placed my order i did not have to wait too long, perhaps 3-5 min or so. Then i been given a bag with some boxes and told "Want somsing else? Its sere, in corner. Sank u, bye" Great, we will not go hungry tonight!!! So, i take it home and we dig in. Alright cool!!! They did not forget my free egg roll, very nice of them and i did not even need to remind anyone (Alright, i forgot myself!)At the end it was pretty nice dinner. They had somewhat hard to find Singaporean Noodle dish and i got that and was not disappointed - It tasted quite good and was not too greasy. Amazing Chicken was not so amazing but not too bad all in all. Not quite NYC caliber Chinese food, but not too bad. As long as you try not to think about sanitary conditions there. But hey, growing up in Brooklyn has its benefits, you learn to see past some things LOL "I like"
3	I so wish you could do 3 1/2 stars.  i would give it. Not bad chinese.  NYC style.  If you have lived in or around NYC you would completely understand.I LOVE the Fried Dumplings.  SO GOOD!!  Highly recommend them.  Pork Lomein is good to.   Take out for sure.  Not really a place to sit and eat.  you can do it but it is more geared for take out.
4	If you are looking for "REAL" New York Chinese food...This is the place!!!~ They know the difference between low mein and chow mein!!!  It has a FULL double sided menu that is about "18 long both sides...If you can't find it here ...stop looking...I am from the NY area and this is a close as you get to being back there...They even have duck sauce unlike every other poor chinese place in the valley..It is worth the travel if you are far away..just do not expect to sit in a nice place it is really just a take out joint...they have a second location in Mesa
4	I haven't visited Hot Wok, but order delivery almost religiously for our biweekly game nights. Delivery is fairly prompt, usually within about 40 minutes (ordering for 6 people), although we've seen orders arrive in as little as 20.  Portions are large for the price, usually lasting me a few meals.So far, my favorite dishes are the curry chicken, garlic chicken (emphasis on garlic), and Hot Wok-style chicken. The chicken egg foo yung isn't the most flavorful, but it's tasty, and a bit of Chinese mustard really makes the dish.  The egg rolls are decent. The steamed pork dumplings are amazing, and the crab won tons are some of the best I've tasted.While I can't speak for the dining-in experience, I highly recommend their food.
5	For years now I have been disappointed time and time again by Chinese restaurants around the valley. I really thought there was just no good Chinese food to be found. Until Hot Wok! Finally, real, good Chinese food!!Hot Wok is BY FAR the best I have found. The portions are huge and the prices are good. I can order a small and get two meals from it.My favorite is the chicken with mixed vegetables. The chicken is not breaded and the veggies are a nice mix - broccoli, carrots, zucchini, mushrooms, water chestnuts and onion. It's served in a sauce that is so flavorful my mouth is watering just thinking about it. I've also had the chicken with string beans and that was tasty as well.A favorite of the boyfriend is the pineapple chicken. Breaded chicken with a tangy fruity sauce and big chunks of pineapple.Their cream cheese wontons are good too but it's pretty hard to mess those up.This is definitely a take-out place. They do have tables, but it's nothing special.
5	My search for the perfect plate of General Tso's chicken has taken me to dozens of Chinese food restaurants, large and small, all over the country.  I can say with confidence that this place is one of the better Chinese food restaurants out there.I was not familiar with "New York style" Chinese food before, but apparently it means dingy restaurant, ugly chairs and tables, the same generic menu that you've seen dozens of times before, flimsy plastic eating utensils, and damn good food.  I will overlook all of the meh that is on the exterior of this place for the fact that they serve what I consider to be the best General Tso's chicken in Arizona that I have found so far.
1	Typical strip mall chinese restaurant where they have 800 things on their menu but could probably give you 800 reasons not to go back.The tiny plate and whimpy plastic utensils made it close to impossible to make the best of the below average food.I wanted to stick my fingers down my throat when I walked out the door. I ordered the L29, but it didn't resemble any L29 I've ever had before.
4	I am so glad to find Hot Wok--finally, Chinese food that is delicious and close to home--a good option for take-out or delivery, and it's open late.  They call it N.Y. Style, and maybe that's why I like it so much.  I love the Shrimp w/ Eggplant w/ garlic sauce.  I get it most every time I order.
1	Good news, bad news here.  Unfortunately, the good news is that it's really good food and pretty reasonably priced.The bad news is that we got delivery last night and used a brand new credit card that we'd had for 6 months and never used.  Guess what happened today?  Visa fraud called and said that the card number was used 3 times before they caught it.If I stretch the benefit of the doubt really far, it still ads up to someone connected to this restaurant ganked my credit card number.  Maybe they wrote it down and didn't shred it and some bum dug it out of their garbage, but I dont' care.  Somehow the info was misused. So now I'll either have to go there or pay cash for delivery, or go back to my old stand-bys, Golden Eggroll or Chopstick Express.  Bummer, because neither of those has fried bread!
3	I'm not really a fan I have to say. I was really excited when my food arrived in 15 minutes... like really excited. That's Jimmy John's delivery quick. It looked very well packaged but that's about where the experience stops being fantastic.I love my spice... don't get me wrong. I usually order my Thai on the high end of the spice scale. Spice is a great way to get a flavorful dish. It also can reveal the caliber of the place you are ordering from. Typically a take out Chinese establishment is not going to offer a scale for their spice. It's not a Thai restaurant. They simply indicate with a little pepper when something is going to be spicy.My dish which was a scallop dish was very overpowering on the spice end, and not in a good way. The spice completely overpowered my food and any good flavor that could've resulted. I may try it again and order a non spicy dish to see how that ends up, but for now, it's out of rotation on my take out list.
4	I've never been to their restaurant before, so I can speak for the dining experience. But delivery is usually quick and their food is pretty good. Their orange chicken is still my favorite thing on the menu. It's definitely one of the best delivery Chinese food I've been able to find in the Phoenix area.
5	Hot Wok Mr. Cook.I have been into the actual establishment twice. I have ordered delivery on many occasion. I don't know what New York style means, if it means damn good chinese food, then well done.  When in New York I will ask that they do it Hot Wok Mr. Cook style, because if it's that good to be copied then they will know what I'm talking about right?
3	I ordered from them a few times. Never had a complaint. They are a little pricey for what they offer, but I am used to a good Chinese buffet, something I haven't yet found in Tempe.I usually order General Zao's chicken, crab ragoon, eggrolls, and Phoenix and Dragon
4	Man, it's hard to find good Chinese in Phoenix area.  I used to like Wongs in Tempe, but since they changed ownership it has really gone down him and is terribly greasy now.  But this place is surprisingly good!  And definitely reminds me of east coast Chinese food.  When I lived in Boston I would get scallion pancakes at a chinese place there and they were my fave from over 20 years ago!  This place reminds me of that food. It is pretty darned good. And if you haven't tried scallion pancakes before, give it a try-- really awesome!  We get delivery and pickup from here. The place is a hole in the wall with plastic tables, definitely not fancy, but truly the food is a cut above any other Chinese I've had so far in the valley.
5	Wow, this place is great.  I've lived here since 1997 and have been searching for good Chinese food ever since, and seriously, this little hole in the wall place is the best!  We order delivery or pick up at least once a week and are always happy with the food. The scallion pancakes are THE BEST!  You have to try them.
4	This place has the best egg rolls
3	Its alright.... delivery is cool. Foods been pretty good. Cons... menus always down online.
4	I have been eating at the Hot Wok AKA "Chinese Food" for years now... I  did eat in once and it was kind of a cluster of a dive in that place so I block those memories out when ordering deliver. I always order #49 Moo Shu Beef, #149 Mongolian style Lamb and some egg rolls. The Moo Shu Beef has to be the best I have found so far around Arizona and I love the lamb dish as well always a great place to have great food delivered.
4	I don't recall when the menu arrived at the door.  I'm thinking it was one of those door-to-door paper hangers that troll the neighborhood first thing in the morning.  When I get it and read the name of the place, it first intreges me and almost gets a chuckle out of the Chinglish name, "Hot Wok Mr. Cook New York Style Chinese".  My boys pick up on the name and start calling it by the South Park slang for "City Wok" (it's crude, but funny).This place is no joke.  I drove over and ordered a selection of their fare and it was good, I mean real good for take-out.  It's not as pedestrian as, say, Pei Wei, but good.  My oldest took one bite out of his eggroll and before he could swallow it the youngest stole it from him and snarfed it down.  Both agreed that it was excellent even without sauce.  I had the General Tsu chicken, which was a huge portion, and wolfed it down without even pausing to belch.  Very good food, the decor is spartan and I have no idea about delivery.
5	I still can't believe how much food you get for the price and how quick the service is. After moving from Chicago, I never realized how hard it would be to get GOOD Chinese food in other places, 'til I found Hot Wok. It's a little rough around the edges and the guy who usually answers the phone is ridiculously mumbled and rather deadpan, but the quality of the food and the price makes up for it!
4	Very good food, I had the Curry Chicken that was very tasty. The fried ragoons and egg role were quite good too. I had enough for two servings.
4	Love Hot Wok! Great prices during lunch...always fresh and flavorful! My favorite is shrimp w mixed vegetables! Love that I can call in and in 5 minutes its ready..hot and fresh! Employees pretty quiet but nice....atmosphere is nothing to brag about..could definitely use a tv and some wall art for some color! All in all if you want fresh tasty affordable Chinese food check them out!
2	Ordered the shrimp fried rice for takeout. It was hot, but bland. No scrambled egg, which is a basic fried rice ingredient. The rice was on the dry side, and everyone in our party agreed that soy sauce was needed to give it some flavor. I'll give it another try and sample more menu items, but this isn't a good start.
4	I knew I was in a NY style Chinese place as soon as I saw the huge poster-sized paper menus. It seems like every Chinese place I ever ate at as a kid before moving to Arizona had that exact menu. I knew right then that I would like this place.I ordered the spicy eggplant, and they happily added tofu to the order at my request. It was very good and full of flavor, but I will ask for it to be a little spicier next time. Overall, it's a pretty good Chinese place. It's reasonably priced and the portions are just right. I'll definitely be back.
1	Man was I disappointed!  I ordered for delivery and was told it would take 20-30 minutes, it actually took an hour and 20 to arrive.  So first impression not the best but it got here and was hot and smelled really good. I got the food opened and started serving and when I scooped into the curry chicken I was disgusted.  The chicken was raw, very raw. It was so bad I was afraid to try any of the food. I called to tell them what happened and it didn't seem to matter much but they did give me my money back. I was really hoping it would be good because my husband and I have been looking for Chinese delivery place in the area. After that experience my search continues.
4	General Tso Chicken, Steamed Pork Dumpling, free Egg Roll...Today adding Pineapple Chicken to the mix.It is all good.  I mean really, it is ALL good.Meal for one is more than enough for two hearty appetites.  Great way to share a couple meals with family/friends.
2	I was looking forward to this place based on the reviews here.  I ordered my favorite dish which is General Tso Chicken and white rice.  The rice was fine but the chicken chunks tasted just average.  I went at about 10pm last night (08/25/2012).  I am thinking about trying this restaurant once more just to see if it is better the next time.
4	Always a place I MUST visit when I'm in town. My go-to's: cashew chicken, beef and broccoli, fried rice. The white boy Chinese selection :)
1	We received a flier for this restaurant through the door and decided to give it a chance.  I was extremely disappointed with our food. Our order was missing the starter we ordered but the main problem was that  the food was inedible. It smelled of fish upon opening, I got beef and my partner got chicken both smelled horrible and tasted disgusting. The entire order had to be thrown in the trash as it was completely inedible.  I would never order food here again.
4	I like the food. It's tasty and you get such large portions for the money I always get 2-3 meals out of it. In fact, I never even finish my pork fried rice. Really good Hot and Sour soup. Their eggrolls are fantastic. Also, the egg foo yung is delish! I can tell they make it their and not serve up the frozen stuff.
4	I've been going to the Home Depot next door for years and never even noticed this place until I read about it on Yelp. Decided to grab takeout and wasn't disappointed. And hey, they even have awesome SCALLION PANCAKES which are pretty hard to find around here. Will definitely be back!
4	While "New York Style" Chinese carries a questionable connotation in  regard to food quality or style of cooking, the main meaning - in my mind at least - is that you do NOT eat in the restaurant, unless you are actually used to that "authentic Chinatown" ambiance. You order ahead and take out, or (preferably) order for delivery.Having said that, I've ordered in from these guys about 10 times now. I have yet to have them get my order wrong, or take appreciably more time to deliver than promised.  And the food...No, it won't win awards... and to be honest the quality hasn't always been consistent.  But when they're on, that's some of the best General Tso's chicken I've ever had.If you like your Chinese unapologetically trashy - in the tradition of the best New York and San Francisco noodle dives - check this place out!
4	I'm a big fan of Hot Wok. They definitely give you your moneys worth. I have never had a bad meal here, as they are always consistent and fresh. Everything I have tried is amazing and the portions are very large, enough that even the lunch specials are so much food I have leftovers for several days.The NY style chinese is simply amazing, the quality, the freshness of the veggies and meats they simply cannot be beat. Also they have the best shrimp n chicken egg rolls in town. HW's soups are amazing,  If you're into looks and ambiance you will be disappointed. HW is better than Chinese sit down restaurants.. and without the flair. Here you get freshness, non greasy flavorful Chinese food made to order, it's a winner!For Great NY Style Chinese, go to hot wok...at 250 I'm glad they're not close or I would be in trouble
4	Been here a few times and like it for multiple reasons.1.  Convenient2.  Good food3.  Good prices4.  Most entrees are enough for two.5.  They deliver.6.  They have coupons right on their menu.7.  Lunch specials.8.  Polite staff.And there are probably a few other things I may have overlooked.So thankful for the few people that originally posted reviews that brought me to this place.  Even the recommendation for General Tso Chicken was right on.
4	I have only ever ordered food for delivery. The people on the phone are always very nice. I have always gotten my food faster than what they tell me. I only gave them four stars because I have to admit that they aren't the best Chinese food that I have ever had. However, they are very consistent and you get great value for your money.
4	Dude picked this up one night on the way home from work. They've been sticking menus in our door for over a year now, so it was time. We got . . . 1) Mongolian Beef with Fried Rice2) Quart of Hot and Sour Soup All of this came out to around $14.  Seriously some of the best fried rice around. Not too greasy. Heavy handed with the stir fried vegetables in the beef, which was great. No sauce overdose like that one corporate Chinese place loves to do. I wasn't expecting a whole lot from the Hot and Sour soup, but it was fresh and filling. Mix in some of that rice and Sriracha and you're golden.Can't wait to try out some of the other offerings.
4	Hands down the best take out in the area! I was starving when I got home and they left a flyer in my door. Lucky me I gave them a shot. Best cream cheese wonton I've had in a long time. Tsos chosen is great too
4	Wow was this a find. So good. It is just a small place in a Home Depot shopping center. Off on one side. You wouldn't know it was there. It doesn't look like much from the outside. It is one of those place that looks like the food could be really good or it could make you sick. Luckily it is really good.A few of my coworkers have been here a few times and they seemed to like it. So I thought I would give it a shot. Glad I did.I got the chicken chow mien with pork fired rice and wonton soup for only $5 and some change. That is right $5 for any lunch special. And they do not just give you a little scoop of food either. The box was full of noodles and rice. There was also a lot of chicken with the noodles and a lot of pork in the rice. I could barely finish. It was so good I couldn't stop eating but I had to because I was full. The wontons in the soup were great. The broth was very flavorful too. The pork fired rice was some of the best. The noodles in the chow mien were just right. Everything was cooked just right and oh so good. They also got the food out pretty quickly too. No 20 minute wait so you don't have time to eat when you get back to the office.It was a ton of food for $5. I will definitely be back. I want to try the other lunch selections too. Sometimes the little unassuming places are the best. Good to know there is great Chinese food within minutes of my work.
2	I don't have a lot to say here...I ordered delivery and should have known better than to order Chinese delivery.The food was delicious.  I have no complaints about the taste except that the chicken tasted a little...off...but was perfectly seasoned.  It just had the texture of raw chicken, but I couldn't tell with the sauce and seasoning.Had I not woken up with extreme food poisoning, I would have given this place 5 stars.  But I woke up with food poisoning and hadn't eaten anything the day before but Hot Wok Mr. Cook. I am entirely open to the thought that I got a bad batch of chicken and this never happens.  But I got food poisoning.  As such, I give 2 stars for the fantastic taste of everything except the chicken that made me sick.
1	FOOD POISONING ON THE MENU...(it's business as usual at Hot Wok Mr. Cook!)Until eating just the chicken bits in Hot Wok's WOR WON TON SOUP I'd never experienced food poisoning.  But 2 days ago, and 20 minutes before my first vomit, my poor cat violently threw up the tiny bits of chicken I stupidly shared with him.  Kitty got rid of his bad chicken faster than I did, even though my body was vomiting all the way up from my toenails it was so extreme!  My symptoms started about 45 minutes after eating the chicken bits. Started with numb fingers in both hands (weird, but have since learned it can be symptom), then came the harsh barfing and then the "butt barfing" diarrhea I'm still stuck with.I called the store the same night, but they didn't speak enough english to understand me, or they were just playing dumb.  They said "manager will call you."  He didn't.  They said "you bring soup back, we give you different one" which was just friggin ridiculous to me.The body's process of getting poison out woke me up in the middle of the night with gross bowel issues you can imagine.  I figure it was because unlike my kitty I didn't get it all out by puking.  Fortunately kitty appears completely fine now, 2 days after the poisoning.It's no coincidence that me and my cat both puked within an hour of eating JUST the chicken bits!  (I always pick the chicken out first.)WILL NEVER EAT OR DRINK FROM THEM AGAIN!I called the store again. Talked to "Ken" and again they didn't/wouldn't speak english enough to be understood. Then a girl got on the phone, she insisted "nobody else sick!!!  She stalled and stalled, offering no concern at all, only another dose of bad english and "NOBODY SICK!"I asked for a credit refund on JUST the soup that made me sick, and she refused.  I threw out the other 2 dishes of course.  She said "no refund!  You can have credit on next order!"  LOL, as if I'd get another order from these jerks!Meanwhile some guy was yelling at the girl I was on the phone with!  She said I'd have to talk to manager, so I left my number.  It's been 24 hours since then, and NOBODY has called me back.  They don't give a d*mn about their customers.  I informed her that online websites (like this one) will certainly affect their business!These jerks tried to make me out to be a liar, refused ANY refund, not even the $7 for the WOR WON TON SOUP!  My bill was over $20.  Everyone spoke broken english really fast, and just wanted to get me off the phone.I'm going to try and fix this with my credit card company.  THEY give a d*mn about my business!
1	Zero response to this customer's repeated claim of food poisoning both me AND my cat. I was insulted, yelled at in the background, told I was wrong.  They paper neighborhoods with flyers and I cringe at the thought of others getting sick from their food.
5	I've had some horrible Chinese food delivered recently.I got spring rolls nothing special but exactly what you would imagine. I was not disappointed by them. Finally, edible duck! The last few places I ordered from it went in the trash, almost immediately. The general tso's was tasty. Great shrimp fried rice.
5	I always here good things about Chinese places and they're always false. Not this one!! This place is the best in phx. The egg rolls are sooooo good.
4	Love the General Tso's Chicken and Crab Rangoon. The coconut Shrimp is delicious. Lo Mein is good.Not many complaints. Better than others.
1	Ordered two nights ago. The male who took my delivery order stole my debit card info. Luckily my bank blocked the $230 charge at some merchant in Indiana.I have a theory. If the guy who took my order was also the delivery driver. He may have been upset with a $4 tip when it was raining. When I wrote the tip, he was mentioning something about it. but the rain and his accent I couldn't understand him but I pretended I did.I had the intention of a $8 cash tip, brain fart and routine kicked in. The food was delivered, but it was tossed aside. There is a review from 2010, her info was stolen too.
2	Pros: The sesame chicken was good and flavorful. We were going to order orange chicken but they told us they wouldn't make that with white meat, but that the sesame chicken was white meat. Eh, whatever. We got the sesame, and it tasted a lot like a good orange chicken. Crispy breaded morsels in a not too sweet orange colored sauce. The pan fried pork dumplings were also pretty tasty, though they did come plain with no garnish with a small side of soy type dipping sauce.Cons: My wife and were looking for a place with good moo shu chicken. There's nothing like a fresh made crepe, plum sauce, and chicken with vegetables tossed with egg and sauce. The first bad sign was store bought crepes. Fine, no biggy. But then we both took one bite of the moo shu, looked at each other, and spit it out. It was very wrong. The white meat chicken tasted like it had turned or something. It was sour and smelled weird. Absolutely disgusting. We won't be back. Also, the "roast pork" eggrolls were very plain, had no detectable meat of any kind, and did not come with any dipping sauce. They probably came from a grocery store. We ate them cold and dry. Lastly, the inside of the store smelled bad, like rotting food. Within 10 minutes I was used to it, as they must be.  I could see into the kitchen and people were hard at work over deep friers and it looked clean enough, but they must not be cleaning out a nearby refrigerator or something. Overall I'm sure there are things here like the sesame chicken and dumplings that are pretty darn good. But after this experience we won't be risking it.
4	This place is so gosh darn cheap. It is crazy. The food here is amazing. Good place for a cheap fast lunch. The dude that works the register is devoid of any social graces. He won't even greet you when you say "Hello!". Whatever. The food is worth it. He has a mustache comprised of 7 hairs. Try the chicken in black bean sauce. I get it every time.
5	Good vibes, good prices, good food!  We ordered won ton soup, hot n sour soup, egg rolls, happy family, beef with broccoli and fried wings. My husband loved his wings.  The only thing I wouldn't reorder is the beef broccoli, the meat is kinda chewy but every thing else was great!  The service was excellent and every one was super friendly which is a pleasant contrast to some of the places I've dealt with lately.
4	The best Chinese I have had in Arizona. The food is not greasy, pretty well-made and the prices are very reasonable. I love that I can substitute brown rice at no additional cost. Their lunch specials are awesome for the price and for what they give you. I sometimes ask my husband to pick it up on the way home from work as he drive up the 101.
