4	Located in the Omni William Penn this is their "sports bar" dining area.  I had the Penn Dark beer which was delicious and totally hit the spot.  The place has about 4 tv's all tuned into local news or ESPN, or whatever sporting event is going on.I had the burger which was juicy and good.  Girlfriend had the lobster mac and cheese.  I had to try it, wow it was awesome.  If I ever get back here I'm going for that. Good quality food right in your hotel.
2	Absolute worst attitude from bartender "Rob".  This is in the Omni hotel, perhaps finest in pittsburgh, I expected the complete opposite.  Food and atmosphere were good and as expected, pricey pub fare.  please just get rid of the rude bartender.
4	My wife and I ate at the Tap Room in the William Penn Hotel before a concert at the Consol Center.  While not very big, the dining area gives off a cozy pub like feel that immediately welcomes you. The beer selection is good and even though the menu is not very extensive, there should be something to satisfy pretty much anyone.  Both of us had a burger which was prepared very well and served with a huge amount of fries (along with Heinz ketchup of course!).  Definitely a good choice for a moderately priced meal before hitting a show when you're downtown.
4	Tucked away in the Omni, I was pleasantly surprised.I opted for the lobster mac n' cheese.  It was real good! Essentially, this is Omni's version of pub food (read: not too cheap, but fun twist on classic pub food).The beer selection was good with some nice microbrews.  My only knock was the service wasn't the fastest, but I didn't mind with all of the games on tv and good beer.
4	What a hidden gem. This is old school Pittsburgh at its best. If you like the whole dark wood, library aesthetic, this is the place for you. Add to that, an awesome waiter and great food, what's not to like?My husband and I came here for lunch one day, and both got the daily special, which was squash ravioli in cream sauce (it was actually called something much fancier), and we both also had portobello mushroom on top. It was absolutely delicious, and we couldn't figure out why the ravioli filling was so damn good. Turns out that if you add just a touch of blue cheese to squash puree, the result is magic. Who knew?We will definitely be coming back here for lunch when we're downtown.
4	Tucked away in the back of Omni on William Penn, this is a great place to grab a drink and meet up with friends. It's a little loud in the main area, but there are a couple of alcoves where you can gain some separation. Service is great and ambiance just feels like Pittsburgh. Only downside is that the drinks are a wee bit pricey.  You have been warned.
3	Nice place, four stars for beer and bar food.  However, if you want want a mixed drink, or the Penn's signature Belmont, have it in the main lobby.  For some reason, you get watered down versions in the tap room.  Wait staff is great.
4	Nice place for a drink.  Gumbo was tasty also.
3	The Tap Room was better than expected for a hotel pub. Of course, it's pricey. They're located in the Omni William Penn after all. The menu has typical pub fare: burgers, fish and chips, chili and some salads, etc. I had a cod sandwich, which came with a side. I chose the farro salad, which is something along the lines of a tabouli or other grain salad. It was nice to have something different. I enjoyed my spicy Beer, Pepper Vodka and Tabasco cocktail. I think it was called a Spicy Dog, but I can't find the drink on their online menu.  I liked the idea of their "Street Food" side-menu. It had six different international options, inspired by the places Omni chefs had lived or visited. The atmosphere was on the formal side, with lots of business travelers having an after-meeting meeting/cocktail.
1	Made the mistake of stopping in this joint after a day of exploring the city.  DON'T BE FOOLED, its not a "tap room", it's a stuffy, cold, uninviting storage room that serves 6 beers, three of which are Guiness, Yuengling, and Stella. There are so many other,  better places close by..if you like great craft beer do yourself a favor and walk down to Proper Brick Oven & Tap Room on 7th near Penn....you won't be sorry.
4	I like this place. The drinks are good, and I thoroughly enjoyed the fish sandwich and fries I had the other day. My friend's caesar salad with white anchovies looked delicious as well. They have a decent selection of beers on tap, and a very good moscow mule.The atmosphere is cozy and quaint, and reminds me of an English pub. There are plenty of small plate-type options, as well as sandwiches and salads.
1	Ordered the chicken sandwich with fries. It took almost half an hour to arrive. The fries were chewy, like they hd been microwaved, except that they weren't hot.The chicken sandwich was flavorless and the bread was hard.If all of this wasn't enough it was $13. Wendys would have been 10x better for half of the price.
1	Attending a conference sponsored by the Highmark Foundation at the Omni. Came early to check out the Taproom since I love craft beer. The bartender was rude from the moment I walked in, looking at me as if I didn't belong. When I asked for a beer, it seemed to put her out that she had to do something. When I server asked her for a water, she sighed loudly and rolled her eyes. I've stayed at Omni's in the past and have always had excellent service. If this bartender is so miserable at work with the public, perhaps she should consider a new line of work if she dislikes interacting with the public so much.
2	Overpriced and nothing special. $16.50 for a glass (the small 6oz glass) of the house Chardonnay??? I know it's the tap room and beer is the feature, but come on. Have been here for a group event with 20-30 people and the waitresses got overwhelmed and couldn't split off drink orders even when we told them what we had ordered. Not very friendly either. Will avoid going back if I can.
4	Awesome burgers. Fine selection of beer and spirits. Service was excellent. Seafood pasta was a bit pricey but very fresh and delicious.
1	The Angus Reserve Burger at $12 was a frozen patty cooked to whatever the chef feels like cooking.  If you looking for food or drinks there are other places in Pittsburgh.  Come on Tap room, how many local breweries are located around Pittsburgh.  Update your selection
