2	Stopped here to get some food real quick. I had a Santa fe Chicken Sandwich. It was not anything special. The place was kind of overpriced too since they food is not that good. Go here if you are desperate for some grub.
3	I recommend that you visit this place when you have the time to take in the sights and sounds.  This place has a cowboy type feel with sawdust on the floor and cowboy decorations all around.
5	This place passes the A&A test big time (atmosphere and attitude).  From the moment you first see the towering neon sign with "Let's Eat" blazing in the night sky, you know you've just hit the dining jackpot.  The place looks like it could have been decorated by the Duke himself (the horseshoe door handles are a nice touch).  The waitresses are all very friendly (their outfits include holsters with six-shooters).  I've been to the original location a couple of times but tried the Mesa restaurant last night.  Everything is prepared just right.  Meat, potatoes, BBQ beans--what's not to like.
2	I've gone here four or five times the past few months, the food is always overpriced and not that great. The one thing I do like about this place is the lemonade, other than that I can do without the poor service and hearing the managers shout at the workers. Definitely not going back, I suggest you don't go either.
3	I loved this place as a kid.  I just like it now.  Very kid friendly (as I remember) and the portions and the food are pretty good.
1	I used to go to this restaurant, long ago.I stopped going to this one long ago.That's because of the following event:I had taken a large group of people there for a get together including my entire family.  We placed our orders, the waitress got us our drinks, our food was brought to us in a reasonable amount of time..........but.  She brought us no napkins.  We were eating BBQ, you MUST have napkins with BBQ.  Well, we were eating it anyway without them.  Eventually, our drinks ran out - me and BBQ? Must have fluid, lots of fluid!This was going on 25 minutes without a waitress showing up and I finally got up and got the napkins.  I then started refilling the drinks at the counter.  Yup, just helped myself.  Dunno what happened to the waitress, but this deal was beginning to put a damper on the festive spirit and I was determined to deal with it myself.Well, that got that attention of management, who came storming over and demanding to know what I was doing there.  I looked at this guy square in the eye and asked him why he hadn't been so incredibly concerned about the service at our table - which was non-existent - if he was paying so much damned attention to what I was doing at the drink bar which is supposed to be for employees."Where's our waitress? It's been 30 minutes now and no sign of her, we have been waiting for napkins and refills, I finally decided to get them myself since YOUR employees aren't going to do it for us".  You wanna know what happened to our waitress?  REEEEEEEALLY? HER SHIFT WAS OVER AND SHE WENT HOME!!!!  I can laugh about it now, I was PISSED at the time.  This woman just up and left us stranded.  We had JUST started eating when she had dumped the food on our table and took off.  It's not like we had been sitting there for half the night and it was time for us to leave.  This stupid manager still had tude' written all over his face.  His apology was pathetic.  His offer of a "free dessert" was even more atrocious.  Give me 50% off the meal and I'll be happy.  We didn't eat their free dessert, everyone at the table was equally as appalled at this restaurant, that manager and the waitress.  I footed the bill and we left and I have NEVER gone back to that place.Edited: Here's the really funny part for me: I am a REALLY good tipper when I get great service.  Not unusual for me to dole out 25 to 30% tip regardless of how large the bill is.  I was at Denny's the other day and got SUCH great service for the kind of place it is, I tipped $25 for a $11 meal, lol.  Hey, you gotta tip em'.  They aren't making any kind of hourly wages, what is it, $4.00 per hour?  Just throwing that in there, if you are going to go to a restaurant and you get good or even okay service, PLEASE tip that person.  Without the tips, they sink. Well, when your waitress goes home and you get a manager with a pathetic attitude, what do you tip?  Yup, the age-old penny.  If I'm going to be insulted, I'm going to dole it out right back to em'.
4	I like this place. The food is good ( had the meatloaf with mac and cheese...grubbing! ) and the people are friendly.. like really friendly. The portions are huge and it's not that expensive for what you get.  I remember visiting this place a couple years ago and didn't think that much of it. But clearly things have changed for the better. I'd classify it as more of a family style restaurant with a western flair, complete with wood shavings on the floor.  I'll be back!
2	Third time here. Not as good as before. Salmon not tasty, salad over loaded with dressing. Wait staff good. Restaurant clean.
1	Slow service. Took 50 minutes from arrival to being served. It was 12:30 PM, asked for breakfast menu, never brought it. Had to get it myself. Asked for child booster seat; never brought it. Only 10% of the seats were filled, so it wasn't because they were busy.
2	Chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good. Service was OK.
4	Good food, and a unique western themed atmosphere.  I had a pulled pork sandwich and it was very good, as well as the chili. Our waiter was attentive, friendly and had a good sense of humor. My friend and I really enjoyed ourselves and I will be back again.
4	I had a great meal here and excellent service. At 2pm on a Sunday, the restaurant was completely empty, which was nice. I really liked our waiter because he didn't mind customizing my meal, and he had many suggestions about how to order the meals how he likes them. I thought that was nice because he spent the time to talk to us.  He was very attentive and he always made sure our drinks were full. My boyfriend got a very juicy steak and I got a black and blue burger. The burger was small for the price tag.  I would definitely go back.
1	Let me start by saying that I am a chef, and have been in the hospitality industry for almost 20 years. Me and my wife received 25$ in gift cards for Christmas, so at least it was cost effective. Speed of service was a little slow but friendly. I ordered steak and eggs, my wife ordered beef brisket and eggs. The proteins were good, but our eggs were a disaster on a plate. We ordered over easy and received over well. ( her eggs had been cooked in 2 different pans, which means the cook had messed them up and attempted to fix them once before we had even seen them) we sent hers back and received over medium as replacement. A step in the right direction I suppose. The manager on duty might as well have not been there, I didn't see him speak to anyone   The entire time, including employees. As the food was delivered, my wife asked where restrooms were, and got up to use them, naturally, I waited for her to return to start eating. Meanwhile the manager walked right passed me, no hello, no smile, didn't even inquire as to why I was sitting with a plate of untouched food in front of me! (Useless) needless to say we will not return.
