4	Tonight I went to my first class at Metta Community Yoga. First off, it's so close I can walk and that is beautiful, man. Secondly, MCY offers new students a 15 day trial run for $30, and considering the drop in rate is $14, you will have gotten your moneys worth in just 3 classes. They also offer a 25% if you buy a package (there are many, see website) within that 14 day period. rad!I took the 530PM Yin class which is very mellow and emphasizes deep stretching for ultimate tension release by holding certain poses for about 5 minutes each. The instructor Regina really enhanced the atmosphere with her calming words of support and inspiration and i really appreciated that she came around to help people move deeper into poses or help them modify their moves. It seemed like there were a few other Metta teachers in tonights class which says to me that 'community' isn't just a marketing ploy.I am so excited to practice at MCY - the ideal spot to really focus on learning about and improving your body, not to mention your spirit.
5	I started my relationship with Metta Community Yoga as a student attending classes taught by Cathy, Lara and Lindsey. I loved the casual atmosphere and beautiful practice they provided. I am a certified yoga instructor and just couldn't resist approaching them to get a class of my own on their schedule. I have been teaching and taking classes at Metta for almost two years now and always encourage everyone I know to check them out. There is yoga for almost everyone offered there. They have a great, full schedule of classes so no matter what your other activities look like, you can find time to take a class at Metta. My 8 year old daughter as well as my 3-9 year old nieces and nephews have gone yoga crazy at Regina's kids' yoga class offered once a week at Metta! It's is so lovely to see children take an interest in such a beautiful art and Metta makes it fun and accessible to kids. This is my first review on YELP and I couldn't be happier that I can praise Metta. Go see for yourself!
5	Support local, one of my personal motto's. About 3 years ago, I started practicing on a regular basis at the previous studio that was located here.  The instructors were knowledgeable, helpful and compassionate towards me as a newbie.  That has not changed.  Many of the same instructors still teach here and they are constantly improving the space, adding in wood floors, a display case and a lighter paint on the walls and ceiling.  Regina's 5:30 class was perfect for me.  She used different props to assist with many of the poses, there was a ball for body-rolling.  You need to experience it.  Lindsey, one of the owners, was also in the class of 10 or so.  It is always good to see the people running the show, taking time to practice, love it!I can't believe that there is only 1 review by Erin G.  Wow.  Come on people of Yelp, support local!  You will truly enjoy yoga at Metta!
4	Back in January, I was feeling incredibly stressed and decided to try out a true yoga class for the first time. (It's hard to believe that a California girl like me had never done yoga before, but I was so into Pilates before moving to Arizona that I never really thought about switching over). My main focus was on the meditative aspect, although of course, physical toning was important to me. Metta gets four stars because of the flexible class times (really nice to be able to make something before or after work), clean studio, nice front desk staff, great intro pricing ($30 for 15 days of unlimited classes), and encouraging instructors. The only drawbacks for me are: 1) they don't offer hot yoga, which I think would be a nice plus and something I would have liked to try; and 2) the instructors were sometimes a bit too hands-on for me to really focus on my energy. I'm all for helping me learn the poses better, but I also was there for personal reasons and the interference was distracting, at times. All in all, I think this is a solid place, and I'm glad my first yoga experience was here. Now that I work downtown, I'll probably try something in that area, but I would definitely return here if I had a workplace or home nearby.
4	Because of my buisness I am lucky enough to travel around the Greater Phoenix are to check out yoga studios and health facilities on a weekly basis. While there are so many great studios in town, Metta Yoga in Arcadia,  is one of my favorites for Flow classes and workshops! Zuzana, the owner of Metta, is one of my favorite teachers.  Her soothing energy and passion for yoga and improving her students practice is one of a kind. Each time I got to Metta, I am reminded why I love it. Metta is clean, convenient and quaint. They offer great classes and Metta members also have the opportunity to practice at the Phoenician Resort in Scottsdale. Whether you are a new student exploring your yoga options or an experienced yogi/yogini you will find a home at Metta!
5	I was set on a quest to find a Yoga studio near by my place, I did research on many studios in the area and decided on Metta Yoga in Arcadia. I must say I picked the BEST one. I have SO enjoyed the four classes I have attended. I decided to be a member so that I have the luxury of going to as many classes (they have a lot of classes they offer) as I would like (great deal, great pricing). The atmosphere is settling and welcoming, I know that it can be awkward to join a gym/studio/club on your own but with the co-owners being very outgoing/social and all Yogis & Yoginis's understanding of my beginner level made the experience enjoyable and wanting to return for another class. Whatever level you are try it out, you will love it!
5	I'd like to apologize in advance.  The reason being that I tend to mostly rate businesses with 5 stars.  Why am I apologizing?  Because, often you will see a wide array of reviews by most yelpers.  I tend to stay away from places that really screw things up and i don't always think it's fair to blast all businesses for every blunder.Yelp is great when traveling or in your own neighborhood, it gives the answers that you are looking for ( alot like google) and without hesitation. There are no sputters or maybe's when Yelp doles out an answer, it is what it is.  I often feel the same way about the businesses that I frequent.  I CHOOSE to mostly visit businesses that are local.  To spend my hard earned cash at places that accept me as I accept them, without judgment or hesitation.  That is why, my yelp friend's, I give out Five Star Reviews.  In my honest opinion, they are the best.Metta is a quiet haven if you are seeking Yoga for the first time or not.   It is situated in a small plaza and always has plenty of parking.  The staff is happy that you have decided to walk in their door and it shows.Last night, I attended Max Cohen's class with Sara G. at 5:30pm.  Expecting it to be packed (as is often the case at the Camelback Village where he also teaches), we arrived about 15 minutes early.  Plenty of room for us.  The class was typical, meaning I LIKED IT.  Yoga isn't a work out, it's a work-in.  Think about that for a second.  2 weeks ago, I visited Zuzana's class at the Phoenician, Candlelit Flow.  Did you know that Metta is also the Yoga Studio at the Phoenician Resort?  Yes, it is awesome.  Imagine driving to your Yoga class, then having a massage at the Center for Well-being.  A mini-vacation just for you.  And it is possible, almost everyday!  This is why the Five Star review.  What other studio in town has the intimacy of a neighborhood studio, with a sincere staff and the prestige of a world-class resort like the Phoenician?
5	I have been going to Metta for about a month now.  It's a cozy space with fantastic teachers. The Vinyasa classes kick my butt and I love the Kundalini meditation class.  Totally recommend this studio for those who want to try different discliplines of yoga.
4	I finally made it to Metta Yoga!While I know and love some of the instructors that teach at Metta from other studios (Suzanna, Lara, Max, and Lisa), it took a pre-natal workshop held at Metta this past Saturday to get my ass over there.  (Yes, if you read between the lines, you'll learn a little something about me and why my body is growing in ways I've never experienced before).Anyways, back to Metta and the workshop... It was great!Gia and Gila led the workshop together and they had a great synergy between them.  The two hours flew by really fast.  It was a perfect balance of discussion, yoga asanas, stretches, and even squats (thanks to Gia for those, I'm still sore today!)The studio itself is small but perfect for what it is.  They have plenty of yoga mats and props.  It's got a retail area in front and upon request, they gave me a cup to fill with water... (I forgot my water bottle that day so I recommend bringing your own).Metta has a variety of classes on the schedule and will soon be offering a regular pre-natal class on Saturdays as well.  Despite the fact that it took me awhile to head to Metta, I look forward to returning real soon.  Namaste.
5	Where should I start? Zuzana's yoga classes offer the best of any type of yoga class I've ever taken. They are challenging, rewarding, and the skill she brings to the studio is very unique. I have not had the pleasure of taking all of the classes that Metta has to offer, but have taken enough of the other instructors classes to know that Zuzana has employed a great group of people that love to share the experience of yoga as much as she does. The 2nd Friday of ever month (also known as the Vino Flow Night) is a great way to meet other teachers & students & see just how friendly the community of Metta is. This is a free evening class, so a donation to a local pet charity seems like a very small price when you consider everything you get in return. Metta also offers classes over at the Phoenician Resort & Spa (where I take my primary class) so new students can always meet teachers & students over there it it is closer to their home, and have the beautiful grounds of the Phoenician as their backdrop for a great yoga class. Saturday yoga on the lawn at the Phoenician is especially wonderful during the cooler mornings in late winter through early summer. I would definitely recommend Metta Yoga to anyone visiting from out of town or especially if you're a local area resident. They offer lots of different classes for all types of skill levels!
5	I have never been a member of any other Yoga Studio so I have nothing else to compare it to, but after being with Metta for about a year, I can with all sincerity say that I never want to leave... (although I may have to once I move :() Suzanna is my favorite...  her classes are never the same.   She also has a wonderful personality, you can't go wrong with metta.
5	In Sanskrit, 'Metta' means "loving kindness", perhaps this is all you need to know about the studio. Every class is different, but each class shares the common thread of this definition. Teachers are professional, yet friendly (no yogatude), and the casual atmosphere makes everyone feel welcome. The connection with the Phoenician is so cool as it's fun to practice in a beautiful environment as well as at the sweet spot on Indian School. From expectant Mom's to seasoned veteran yogi's -- feel free to just be you within your practice at Metta.
5	Tired of globo-gym yoga? Want a variety of classes to fit your mood, a studio that fills your spirit, and a community that just keeps getting better? Metta Yoga is the place for you. I've been practicing there since they re-opened under the stewardship of Zuzana and Sherri, and it's become a very comfortable home. From ashtanga flow to core to tai chi to yin to  everything in between, there seems to be a teacher and a class for everyone. The added bonus of several class options at the Phoenician resort is a big plus, as you get to use their locker rooms (aka steam!) as well. The studio continues to add more offerings for all levels every month, so I'm excited to see this great little community keep on growing :)
5	As I was searching for yoga in Honolulu to replace my Phoenix yoga fix, I had to check back on Yelp.  I loved reading the comments about Zuzana's studio Metta Yoga.  She's been my light and my guide in the development of my yoga practice for years.  While I retained a membership at LA Fitness and some other activities, attending a class with Zuzana was always a treat to myself - and something that I always thanked myself for afterwords.  I got sick of being amazed that her classes were always so different and after years she was still pulling out new poses, music, expressions, and emotions.  I cannot recommend it enough and wish everyone could try out the experience.I just learned here that Sanskrit  'Metta' means "loving kindness" (thank you Maria!) and that's exactly what radiates from Zuzana and through out the Metta community.  I've met some amazing people over the years at yoga and it made Phoenix so much more of a great community for me to live in.  Thank you to Zuzana and the team and keep shining bright for it really changed my life :-)Others here have talked about the classes at the Phoenician which I also loved.  The range of experiences available at Metta Yoga are something to explore and enjoy.  It WILL add much to your life.Namaste and thank you!!!
5	yoga intro course with anne-marie is awesome! a great way to learn the basic principles & movements in a comfortable environment - highly recocommended for beginners or anyone in need of a refresh!
5	I love Metta...it is one of the best studios in town.  The teachers are devoted and dedicated...the owner is kind and creative...the students are amazing...a lot of good and deep work happens @ Metta...it just seems to keep getting better and better!
5	I love this studio. So many different teachers with different styles to choose from! The studio itself is clean and welcoming, the staff personable and helpful. The benefit of also getting to practice at the beautiful Phoenician Resort is a definite PLUS!! I don't feel like I am just "going to class", but rather that I am part of a yoga community; I have made friends here and am learning to feel my wings!
5	Metta is amazing.I've been to a few other yoga studios in the area, and nothing compares to Metta. The teachers are amazing, and Zuzana - the owner - is just great. She remembers names and really cares about the little community she's built.Pretty much, I will never go to another yoga studio for a good flow class unless I move out of Phoenix.
5	I am blown away by the level of mastery of the instructors, the variety of classes and variety of 2 locations.Every class I have taken has been unique to the instructor. There's loads of different classes to choose from.I have dabbled with yoga for many years but Metta makes me want to dedicate some serious time to getting better versed with it.
4	Hana brought me here to try them out. And yes Metta is Incredibly amazing. The owner is very friendly and helpful.  Since I only tried yoga from home using DVDs, a live interaction is much appreciated since I have lots of company and did make friends with other. With the energy and passion that the instructor showed to us this make us a good student and follower.
5	What a wonderful yoga studio. This is the only one I've been to but I've been so happy  here...so there's no reason to go anywhere else! The instructors are wonderful and each one brings something different to the studio. Everyone I've met here has been kind and inviting. As a yoga newbie, this place has become completely addictive.
5	Metta is my "home" yoga studio. It is truly a wonderful place to experience yoga. Real honest to goodness Hatha yoga. No hot yoga, no yogarobics, just a very good selection of healing, present, peaceful, strong, positive yoga. The entire staff of this studio is kind, comfortable, helpful and skilled.I love to be here and enjoy the community that you automatically enter just by going to class here.They also have a lovely selection of boutique items, in just the right amount.I am so grateful for Metta!
5	I was visiting from Atlanta and joined an Ashtanga class.  It was great!  Great instruction and adjustment.  A warm professional courteous and healthy environment.   The students were all really welcoming to me and I got lots of additional advice on places to see in Sedona...If I lived locally I would be here as often is is possible!
5	I tried my first class two days ago and it was amazing. I was sold. They welcomed me right away and they have lots of equipment (bolsters, straps, blankets etc). What I really liked about this place is they offered water and a mat rental without charging unlike most places. The instructor was kind and helpful. Also the studio is well maintained and clean. I pre purchased a 5 class pass that day. Much to my dismay the very next morning a Groupon for a much better deal popped up. It was for first time students only. Technically, I was no longer a first time student. I emailed the owner and she was awesome about it! She let me cancel my original purchase and get the Groupon deal instead. I have a feeling I am going to become a long time member of this studio due to its wonderful business ethic and awesome classes.
5	I love this yoga studio.  Especially the Tues/Thurs 6:15 am Energy Flow classes - Gia and Zuzana are both fantastic teachers.  You never know quite what type of class you'll get (depends on their mood!), but they give great individual adjustments and instruction.  I've never regretted waking up early to get to one of those classes. I also enjoyed the Thursday 9 am class with Tommy, after attending it for the first time recently.  I've never been to a super-crowded class, always plenty of space, but never awkwardly low attendance either.I keep purchasing the 10-class pass $125.  If you purchase it on the day of your 10th class on your previous pass, they give you 10% off, so it's $112.50.  First class is free, if you're an AZ resident. Go!
5	Love this place! I've been to several yoga studios in the valley and this one always seems to have good instructors, classes and times offered. I normally attend the night classes and really like the Slow Flow and Candle and Flow. Also, they offer classes at the Phoenician and it is worth it to go!
5	I love Metta Yoga.  The instructors are so warm and helpful, and the other students too are not afraid to laugh and also help me "get" a pose.  Awesome vibes to this place.  I bought a package deal so I could come again after my first free class.
5	Metta Yoga is literally 2 & 1/2 minutes from my house, which is a blessing because I go the 6:30am classes most of the time.  I roll out of bed, mat down the mad scientist bed head, spray some cologne (sorry if you are next to me and get distracted by my irresistible scent), and go relax and stretch with the help of some experienced instructors.  The environment is great.  It is a small, quaint studio by the looks of it, but can surprisingly hold a good number of people.  They designed the lighting elements of the studio to block out the sunlight so you can create some dim moods with candle light or just a dimmed light.  Good sound system for that type of peaceful music.  The instructors are all good, but of course there is some personal preference.  I prefer Rasoul on Friday mornings.  He is all about posture and alignment.  I hurt when I'm doing the pose as he suggests, but it feels so great the rest of the week.  I'm tempted to buy his DVDs he has for sale but I know that it will probably be an expensive paperweight as I'm unmotivated to do it by myself.  I need the peer pressure of the group to do my Yoga.  Peer pressure aside, it is a good place to go with a plentiful number of classes to go to.Namaste.
4	I admit it: I'm a studio-hopper.  Metta Yoga hadn't popped up on my radar until my favorite teacher started leading some classes there, so I went to her class this weekend.  Of course I loved her class (she's my favorite teacher!) so my review is about the studio in general.Metta is such a calm, peaceful, no-fuss studio.  That's what I like! The people are lovely.  You'd think that this kind of description is true of all yoga studios but such is not the case.  My only negative is the layout of the studio.  The bathroom is in the back so you have to walk through the studio to use it, which means if there's a class going on you'll just have to cross your legs and hold it.  It's also very narrow so sometimes getting more people in class can be awkward.  But really this isn't much to be complaining about!
5	I love everything about this yoga studio. It may be in a strip mall, but you'd never guess once you're inside. There's also the option of taking your classes at the Phoenician, which is always beautiful. I got a 10-class pass from Groupon and have only used the first so far, but I can't wait to return next week--and every week after that! Overall, if you're looking for an honest yoga studio with great instructors and MANY class options, this is the place for you.
5	I love this studio so very much. I only wish that I lived closer. The Monday restorative class is seriously the best restorative class in the valley.  The owner is really nice And remember each student even those like me that practice at this studio like once every couple of weeks.
2	REVISION:First of all, thank you Zuzanna for offering a refund. I have bumped up the experience one star for that offer. Second, my review was removed by Yelp. So I shall repost:I went here for about 18 months on and off. Major love that faded as good teachers went away.I adored Kat's 5:30 Fri class. But that's gone. It was also the main reason I re-upped twice with the studio.6 p Wednesdays features a 'mean girl yoga teacher,' S is not "all welcoming" You'd better be invited on her 4:30 Saturday or pay the interrogational price tag. The class alienates anyone who is not in her posse but wants to give it a shot as it fits into the schedule. Your heart does not matter to her, only the amount of Lululemon on your bod.I took a Monday class that was an experience into the male yoga Bro-ohm-mance culture. Example the instructor, Mr T,  response of, "that's what SHE said" to a fellow female instructor, commenting on the hot temperature of the room, is never appropriate in a yoga studio. Perhaps a bar out with the guys on a Saturday night, but not a Yoga studio. Bonus- he was the only male there. For the record, looming over a person in savansana (sp) so that she thinks she's in Father BadTouch's clutches again is not going to gain  a second visit to your class.  Perhaps the "JESUS CHRIST" I screamed at a blurry (my glasses were off) looming creepy face, made an impression. I hope this yoga instructor has eliminated that from his practice. Also,the instructor had students pull every single prop out, then we didn't use all them all plus he gave a zen practice when the website promises flow. I want my $ and 90 minutes back. I'll cut the male instructor slack on the prop pull as it was his first class, but inappropriate Bro-bar talk should never be excused I also had a bad Zen practice (that I specifically went for) with another instructor but that's more me than her.
5	I took an amazing class with Melissa...a sweet and powerful yin/restorative style class.  Fabulous!  Metta rocks...
5	Absolutely amazing experience! I am brand new to yoga and my introduction was by way of Madison Improvement Club this last Monday. Even though I signed up for a beginner's fundamentals class at MIC, the instructor seemed to think it was a phenomenal flow class. She called out poses that I had NO IDEA how to do, didn't make any adjustments, and didn't play relaxing music or have much of a relaxing voice. Thank goodness for Lara at Metta Yoga! She really accommodated me even though I signed up for a flow class instead of a beginner's class. The atmosphere was super relaxed and casual, and Lara really made me feel at home even though I was completely uncoordinated. The facility is small and clean, the classes are a manageable size and a mixture of all levels, and I really enjoyed the entire experience. I'm not a very spiritual person and I tend to hightail and run from activities that walk that fine line of crazy. I was really worried that yoga, in general, would be a bit nuttier than I like, but the neatest thing I found about the entire experience was finding that moment of real inner peace. For lack of a better term: zen? Quieting your mind and listening to your body really does open your eyes to an entire new experience - and before you know it, an entire 75 minutes has zipped by. If I were a spiritual person, I'd say that finding your moment of zen is almost like catching a glimpse of heaven. Thanks to Lara, I now know exactly what I'm searching for when practicing yoga.
