5	This place sucks........get it???? because they take blood here.......Alright, I am a regular donor at United Blood services.  The people working here could not be more pleasent.
4	The staff is great and they were all about making sure I was comfortable. They willingly provided warm packs to me since I have a hard time keeping my hands warm when giving blood. The only reason I gave this place a 4 rating instead of a 5 on this visit is that it took over an hour from walking in before they got me started with one of the machines to collect platelets and that they did seem just a little disorganized during my 3 hour visit.
3	Giving blood just seems like such an easy way to put some good into the country (UBS ships the blood they collect all over the country!), so I do it every 8 weeks. This location is a little difficult to find, as it's in an office park that is totally empty all the time, all the way in the corner. It's very clean and the staff there are very nice (I had a terrible experience at the W Charleston center, where the staff is rude). I have had an experience at this location that was inconvenient, but was chalked up to a new tech not knowing all the donation options.Here's what to expect:1. Your blood pressure, temperature and pulse will be taken. Your pulse must be under 100 bpm (hot weather increases pulse). If any of these are too high, you can't donate that day.2. Your iron level will be tested with a prick on your finger. If your iron is too low, you can't donate.3. There are 3 options for donation: whole blood, plasma and double red cell. Anyone can donate whole blood, although it makes many people woozy. Plasma can be donated by anyone who has never been pregnant. Double red cell requires you to be at least 5'5" and 150+ pounds. The last two options are the easiest on your body.4. Your arms will be checked for lesions. If you have anything that could be construed as a needle mark, they will reject you. 5. You'll be asked some semi-uncomfortable questions about sex, but they're simply part of the screening process. 6. They'll do their best to make you comfy with blankets, heating pads, ice, refreshments, etc. 7. Whole blood takes about 20 minutes. Plasma takes about 30 minutes. Double red takes about 2 hours. (These times are for actual donation only. The interview, set-up and post-donation resting period/snack fest take more time)8. Every time you go, regardless of whether you're able to donate or not, you'll receive a "prize", generally tickets to something (a 51s game, this time!).All in all, giving blood is the least I can do and the people here make it as easy and painless as possible!
4	I give blood regularly.  This is my go to spot.  They usually get you in with little or no wait.  I always make an appt online but have seen people come in as walk-ins and they don't seem to wait much longer then ones with an appt.  For the most part everyone is very nice.  There are a few cranky ones but I guess that is anywhere.  They usually have a promotion where you get some kind of freebie for coming in.  You get it even if you don't donate for whatever reason, low iron, etc.  I always feel guilty when I can't donate but they are really nice about it.  Once you donate you will be on their list and they will call you to ask you to donate again.  You can let them know not to call and they will only contact via email.  I do this cause the calls can get annoying.
4	Quick and fast service if you make an appointment. Funny, SKILLED and are quick with the draw :)Usually has a few promotions, although I'm never aware until I leave the facility. I do it every couple of months and am able to fill out the health history questionnaire in their office prior to my appointment.
5	I donate blood here 3-4 times a year. The staff is always attentive and pleasant, and they make sure you are comfortable. They've always been well staffed so I've never had to wait more than a couple of minutes in the waiting area. They are very well stocked with post-donation goodies: a great assortment of juices, water, and cookies. Donating blood is easy and pretty painless, and it saves lives. Plus afterwards you get to take it easy the rest of the day, and make your next meal a hearty one :)
5	I totally love this place.  The staff aka "blood suckers" are awesome.  From the first time I set foot on this location until present, they always treat me with the best service you could possibly get from any facility like this in town.  I mean they offer you a blanket, a movie to watch especially if you have one of those 2 hour "blood sucking" sessions.  They check your blood pressure and even give you your cholesterol results.  Before, during and after your donations, they offer you snack and beverage which is always a plus for me.  Plus as a blood donor you not only help save peoples lives who highly depend on other's blood for survival, as a donor you also get rewarded points for showing up, participating and actually donating blood and you can save those points and order stuff from their Rewards program like movie tickets, ice cream, t-shirts, gift cards and etc.For those of you who like to give for donations but don't have the funds or the materials to donate, this place would be an ideal place for you.  Did I mention the staff who take your blood handle your blood with extreme care and the actual location is extremely clean.
