5	Since its hard to find, you're always first in line. For those that need, $10 gets your car registered too.
4	I come here once a year because I have to. Everyone has to. Because if you don't get your smog checked, you don't get to register your car. No registered car=no driving (legally)=death of your social life....in Las Vegas at least, where having a car isn't a luxury, it's a necessity for lack of better public transportation.This Jiffy Smog is a little difficult to find as it's right off of American Pacific tucked way back into a complex that's home to some auto body shops and other  car-related businesses. I believe there's a sign for a bar/grill that kind of helps mark the spot, once you see it, turn in there and just drive all the way to the back of the complex. I come here because I've never been ripped off (which happens quite often at smog establishments locally) and get in and out fairly quickly. Also, they can submit your registration for you too, which saves you one extra step!My only ding is the lack of a number system or order. I've been lucky a couple of times to get there when there was no one there, but another couple of times I went and no one knew who was in line, what order anyone was in line which led to awkward "who was here first?" situations. Anyway, if you're in the area and just need to get it out of the way, I recommend!
1	Took about 15 min for them to smog a truck, then the next one got done in 5 min if that. Then it was my turn but the guy had one of his friends drive in before I could and it took him 25 min to smog his friends car. They were talking half the time, cursing and talking about very inappropriate things. Will never use again.
1	Worst customer service I have ever experienced. Even though this Jiffy Smog is conveniently located right next to the DMV!!! I will never return, nor will I ever suggest that anyone spend money here. The long haired dimwit has zero customer service skills. . .
1	Never been more frustrated in my life. Have a diesel truck that I needed Smog on. Guy kept telling me he couldn't pass me without a Catalytic converter. I kept saying I didn't need it for my year, which is what the Dodge DEALER told me. He didn't even get under the truck or consult his part book. I went to Terribles and they did it immediately no questions asked. If the guy had just consulted his book and listened to what I was saying (even showed a drawing of what is factory under the truck) he would've had my business. Not impressed and will be going elsewhere for my smog from here on out, even though this is most convenient location for me.
5	Awesome service! A little hard to fine.. in the corner of an auto repair strip mall but the guy there was super friendly. $28 took all of 5 mins and he gold me what to do next to get my car registered in NV.
2	Presented this coupon:      http://www.jiffysmog.com/coupon.phpHe took the coupon, and then started the test. When it was halfway done, he said it would be $24. I offered $20, as I said I know I've paid $20 here before, and elsewhere. He would not take it. He ended up aborting the test, and said sorry. I told him I was sorry,and I would find somewhere else that would take $20.Generally nice guy, but wouldn't go down to $20. Lame.
