5	Alas! Someone in The Meadows who knows how to cut Asian hair! My mother owned a beauty shop in LA so I rarely got my hair cut elsewhere. But since she retired, I've been playing Russian roulette with various beauty shops in town. I saw this place about a month ago and decided to give it a try today. The owner took me right away without an appointment. I even changed my mind halfway from a regular cut to a shorter cut. She accommodated me without any hesitation. Not only that, it's the best hair cut I've had since my mom sold her shop. I didn't have to say anything. She just knew how to make me look good (not an easy task).She then shampooed and rinsed (standard at most Korean hair salons), all for $20. Try getting that at Supercuts! My mom was with me and even she commented how well the lady cut my hair. This place is MOTHER APPROVED. Even though this location is new, the lady said she used to be by the Convention Center. She's been in business for years. I can tell when someone isn't confident while cutting hair. This lady knows her stuff. I am so happy with my haircut!!!
5	I just got another hair cut from her today (for the third time in 3 months). I actually find myself getting excited, not anxious, about getting my hair cut because she's so consistent and good!I swear I'm not related to her. Yelp about her to your friends. It's businesses like this that Yelp should spotlight.
5	I've been going here for a while, and the hair cuts are always great!  Definitely recommended.
5	I just got a haircut here today. The salon is clean and has a nice atmosphere. I asked for it to be short, clean, and professional, and I could not ask for a better haircut. She does a very meticulous job to ensure everything is even with no stray hairs sticking out. I usually have problems with short haircut at other places because I have that little bump in my occipital region and she made sure to cut it so it hides it well so my hair is evenly blended. Can't ask for a better hair stylist.
