5	Just a week working out on a Groupon and I am hooked.  The staff here are VERY helpful and willing to help you.   I am thinking about working out each day and for over a year all I wanted to do was go home after a long day of work.  I am getting a great workout.
4	So my girlfriend and I differ in our workout styles.  I prefer more intense workouts and she doesn't because she's had an issue with her knee that causes her discomfort.  So we signed up for the 2 week trial to test the waters and she fell in love so we decided to join.  What we like about Koko is that every workout is customized for the individual.  Each person has a "track" to run on that can be changed at will.  I love the tracking Koko provides and it's actually motivating to see the results of each workout online. It's clean and the staff at this location is extremely friendly and helpful and they are willing to assist when you need it.  I wasn't sure it would work for me at first but like the concept and the results I've achieved after 10 weeks.  The only reason it's not a 5 Star for me is I feel the club should have more elliptical equipment.  I'm not a fan of treadmills at all.
5	If you are looking at this review to decide whether Koko fit club is a good idea, I'll save you some time. Do it!The facility is spotlessly clean, rarely busy, intimidation free, technically advanced and they have some of the best staff of any business I have ever experienced. They help you with new moves and general operation of the machines and while they don't walk you through your entire workout, they are always keeping a watchful eye in case they can tweak a weight or form for a particular exercise. I mostly had experience with Tara and Michelle at this location. Both of them were great and really helped me get the most out of the workouts, but Michelle was my favorite.If you are like me and most people, then weight/reps/workout times are very confusing. You can read books or the internet forever and will get multiple different opinions on what is best for you. This might cause you to either give up all together, try something out on your own with mediocre results or decide to hire a personal trainer. Guess what, personal trainers are expensive. Koko elegantly solves this problem by having a virtual trainer with you on every workout. The machine keeps track of all of you fitness test data, weight requirements, reps, speed, and range of motion both during the workout and stored on a usb key. You are free to choose from a variety of programs that match your goals. It completely takes all confusion out of working out. Just do what the monitor tells you. No yelling, no tight tank top, no bulging neck, no sweat smell.Ok, well does it work? I visited Koko more than average (they recommend 3 days/week and I did 4+) but I was able to achieve a 33% overall strength gain my first month.Welcome to the gun show.
4	First impressions here were excellent.  If you're not familiar with the concept, a USB is used to keep track of your progress, you choose your "goals", and the program does the rest of the work in formulating your workout.  The screens on the all-in-one weight training equipment and the mp3 players on the ellipticals and treadmills guide you through it.  The smart technology on the machines keeps track of your reps, strength, range of motion, etc.  All you have to do is show up (oh, and DO the workout).  Your information is recorded and you can review your workouts and progress online.  The staff (we mostly worked with Lauren) were so great.  They are kind, patient, and encouraging teachers.  No judgment or intimidation here.  Just people who want to help you meet your goals.  The club is staffed 7 days and there is a key fob you can purchase to have access 24/7.The club itself is spotless, uncluttered, and nothing like the typical "gym".  No mirrors up, down, and sideways... no people standing around watching themselves lift weights... no rows and rows of machines and fitness equipment to be confused and overwhelmed by.  But it offers everything you need to get a great workout and follow your "plan".  I signed on for the year in my first session because the lifetime enrollment fee was waived.  It will be $79 a month with a year contract.  After the first year, it rolls into month-to-month.  If, during my 30 day groupon trial, I decide that this plan isn't for me, I can cancel without obligation.  I'm looking forward to my no-nonsense, virtually guided workouts in this very calm and welcoming environment.
5	Koko Fit Club is an ideal gym for people who have no idea where to start with strength training, who have gym anxiety, and who are really looking to get the most out their money and their workout. I tried Koko out on a Groupon, loved it, but couldn't decide if it was worth the price tag. Six months later, two different gyms, and a zillion different fitness attempts, I was back. Koko guides you through your workout session, and if you go during business hours there is a staff member who can answer your questions and help perfect your form. The koko smart trainers are like having your own personal trainer every time you work out, not just once a week. And the membership price is way less than a gym membership and a trainer.Between the 15 minutes of cardio and the 30 minutes of strength,  3 - 4 times a week,  I am on my way to being in the best shape of my life. Most of all, I don't dread going to the gym. Double bonus.The staff is super personable, extra friendly, and the owners are very involved at what goes on at all the clubs. I would definitely recommend Koko to anyone looking for a great place to start their fitness journey.
