4	Whilst I am not so hot on the guitar front, my best friend certainly is and he has dragged me on his guitar hopping shopping sprees on many an occasion.  And whilst i am not so well versed guitar-wise myself, I know a good shop when I see one!Guitar Guitar has the widest variety of guitars, amps, speakers, picks, (you name it they've got it!) that I have come across so far on my friend's guitar-y travels!  And whilst these products are usually at the higher end of the price range, this store refrains from taking the mick on the less extravegant of products.Staff are friendly and extremenly knowledgable (I doubt you can work here without a Masters in guitarage!) so you're sure to find what you're looking for and at the right price.
5	Guitar Guitar can be summed up with one word: impressive. From the outside, the guitar enthusiast is immediately drawn into it's embrace with well presented window displays giving a taster as to the wonders that lie within. The range of guitars that are stocked here is incredible. Just about every brand of guitar I am familiar with was present here. Electrics, acoustics, electro-acoustics, classicals, 12 strings... you can find them all here. And it's not just guitars. Amps, strings, bags, straps, picks, tuition materials are all to be found.The prices are surprisingly reasonable. I was looking at Freshman acoustics and was very pleased to find them at a price not considerably more expensive than if I were to buy them online (usually a lot cheaper online as they don't come with the same warranties,standards of service etc). Furthermore, there are a great selection of second hand instruments available at respectably discounted prices. The staff are very easy to approach and very helpful. A pleasure for any existing or potential guitar enthusiasts to visit, even if you don't have an intention of making a purchase.
5	So impressed with this shop in every way, especially there stock! They have an unbelievable amount of and variety of guitars readily available for you to look at and try, and the staff are always there to help.I don't know the name of the man who helped me, but the effort he put into making sure that I got everything I needed and more was absolutely astounding.I was travelling in the uk, and had seen that this particular store was one of only a few that sold suhr guitars, which was exactly what I was looking for. I was expecting to see maybe one or two guitars to try, as suhr is not a very well known brand. Instead, I was met with close to 15 different suhr guitars!I was planning to only look and try initially, however I ended up buying a suhr classic t from guitar guitar, and I am thrilled that I was able to support them.
