5	I'm so glad I found an honest and inexpensive place I can take my car to I took my car in for an oil change and a transmission drain +refill, and they finished the job within a couple of minutes. There was absolutely no waiting time because the mechanic was so quick and efficient. Not just that, they rotated my tires and checked my tire pressure for free. My car runs better than it's ever run before now. This place is the only place I will bring my car from now on. The tricky thing about this place is that it is located behind a few restaurants, so it's a little hard to find.
5	The best thing about coming to Chinatown district for auto repair is that it costs half the price of auto repair services anywhere else in the valley. This place is a little difficult to find because it's located behind the Tofu Hut restaurant. It's not very visible from the streets. What I like the best about BUSY BUGGY is that they answer questions, and they answer the questions honestly. They don't feed you misleading information like 99% of the other auto repair places do. For example, many of the other auto repair places will say things like: "You must only use the specific Transmission Fluid that your car's factory produces or your engine will DIE. That's why we gotta charge you more because we can't use a generic brand." Now everyone who does their own auto repairs at home knows that is bullsh!t. I've been using a generic transmission fluid for the last 90k miles and my car runs like it's new. Here at BB motors, they won't lie to you like they would at the other auto repair shops. What makes this place especially great is that they do every kind of repair.  When my  engine light came on while driving to California, I first went to a guy in Orange County(Larry's Auto Repair), and he quoted me at around $4000 to fix it. I drove over here and the guy comes back to me a few minutes later and tells me it was from a previous "misfire" and that the car's computer system was merely getting confused and that no repairs were necessary. HOLY SH!T!! Now that's one honest guy!!!! He saved me $4000!!! And he said that even if my engine was having the type of problem that the previous scammer claimed, it would never cost that much. I will admit that I hate having to take my car in for an oil change. I'm one of those guys who needs to do it himself. Changing my own oil at home is actually one of my hobbies, and I used to look forward to it every 3 months. But, I recently moved into a community in the Providence district of Las Vegas that provides no garage or space where I can jack up my car and change my oil. So nowadays I have no choice but to bring it in. The pros of bringing my car in to BUSY BUGGY for an oil change is that it actually costs less! If I purchased 4 quarts of Quaker State(the least expensive), and an oil filter, it would come out to around $18.00. Here at BB I think it was like $12.00 for 4.5 quarts of high quality Castrol, oil filter, and they even check your air pressure, rotate you tires, fill your wiper fluid, check all fluid levels, and check your air filter, all for free. That's a great deal!Customer service is great. It's like being at one of those 1950's full service garages from the old movies. The workers are all dressed nice and clean, and everything in the shop is so well organized. I've never seen such a spotless garage before. I can't believe how fast they get your car onto the lift. At all the other auto repair shops, they let your car sit in the parking lot for a while, and then some extremely obese guy covered in motor oil, waddles out to your car all lethargically. Usually it takes him about 5 minutes just to walk from the entrance of the garage to your car. Here at BB, the moment you drop your car off, they sprint out, jump in, and jack it up for repairs. It literally looks like those Nascar maintenance guys working on your car.  5-Stars and my favorite Auto Repair shop in the world.
5	A great shop for quality and affordable auto service. It is the honest staff and affordable services that bring me back time after time, not to mention the complimentary snacks and refreshments in the lobby!
5	At first I was skeptic if I should take my car there. Being I've been scammed when I bought the car from a private seller in the first place. But what the heck! The office was extremely clean (and it smelled nice too!) something you might not expect from a repair shop. Refreshment bar was well stocked & I mean REALLY well stocked. Hmmm, not your typical repair shop AGAIN. and they have a CLEAN bathroom! Imagine that! AGAIN, not typical for a car repair shop. With that said, let's get down to the real deal..Mr. Hamid (I'm guessing he's the licensed lead mechanic) was very welcoming. Received us timely & was very attentive to our concerns about the car. I was telling him the details & I guess he figured out that i was upset about the car being a junk, he told me they'll check the car out & tell me what's wrong. Offered me some refreshments & magazines while I wait. He came back saying something's off with the transmission. What?! TRANSMISSION?! I almost fainted! Man! One thing over the other, quoted me the amount me the amount I expected -- but still I was like, lemme look around..Got a second opinion & boy!! They quoted me 4x as much for the same problem BUSY BUGGY diagnosed my car for! Long story short, took my car back to them & after 2days, whoollaaa!!! My car started running like brand new!! Plus, it included 1 year warranty!!! Damn!! One whole year!! I'm a fan!! Spreading the word over the valley. This is the to go place if you want QUALITY & HONEST service.
5	Good service, cheap price and clean office with free soda, cookies and ice-cream!!!!!!
5	I drove from LA, and noticed my oil change mileage was about due. I had some extra time and decided to be productive and looked up on Yelp for an oil change place.Just like the other reviewers' positive reviews, i am glad i came. They had a great oil change special going on for synthetic, and replaced my worn out wipers. All this for a great, hassle free Price! I am one satisfied customer.I just wish they were 250 miles closer to my home.
5	Great place to take care of you baby cars. Hamid is such a nice guy. He's polite and knowledgeable. He always takes the time to explained what is happening with the car even when it gets really complicated. My friend's car was unable to start due to a messed up starter. It was 10 minutes until they close. Even so, Hamid came over and checked on the car almost immediately. He told us that he is closing late today because he got a lot of work to finish. I was really impressed because he took the time to check on us despite the busy schedule. The car was up and running the second day. My friend's starter has always been a pain in the butt and the previous garage never really completely fixed it. This time, however, it was a smooth start up. The car was running perfect. Lets just say I usually don't expect legit car services around Chinatown area. You don't have too many technicians take the time and explain everything you need to know about the services that are done on your car. Busy Buggy is very big on communication and everyone takes the time to make sure you have a thorough understanding of what's going on. The waiting lounge is one of the best i've ever seen. It has a huge TV which is usually playing clips of general car repair knowledge and there are a variety of refreshments, snacks, even ice creams you can indulge on while you wait in a spotless environment. Busy Buggy is pretty new. I think it's less than 1 year old. I really loved this place and give them a chance you will too!
5	Simply honest and hard working. Detailed and not over priced, will be my mechanic forever.
5	Today I was in need of getting an oil change and received a coupon in the mail for a few places, including Busy Buggy.  I decided to check it out.  I am quite a skeptic when it comes to oil changes, because I have time and time again had shops try to sell me things that I did not need or in some cases do damage to the car...  So I went into it unsure what was going to happen.My experience here was fantastic though!  I would certainly recommend this wonderful place to anyone in need of service for your car.  It was a great deal, and the only thing recommended for me that might be replaced was my wiper blades (which I already knew were in bad shape), and it was very reasonable so I decided to do that too.  Super quick, and the waiting room was the best I have ever waited in!  Free drinks (anything you could want), cookies, and even free ice cream.  Heck yeah!  Amazingly clean and a wonderful place to wait the short time while my car was being taken care of.Both of the gentlemen I spoke with were very helpful and were easily able to answer any of my random questions.  I can tell that they know their stuff and are honest (which is something I value very much in a repair shop).  I will be back here for my car needs without a doubt as long as I am still living in Las Vegas!
1	Written After I checked my car myself..This place is ridiculous. I'm very disappointed. I wrote a good review for them because I thought everything was great until I noticed my car was leaking oil. My car ended up missing two screws on the oil pan! I don't know if they forgot to put it back on or they took it off on purpose because there is no way that those screws can go missing if no one messed with it. My dad is a mechanic and we maintain my car but I wanted to get an oil change at this place because it'll be cheaper than doing it myself. I just want to say this place is a bit sketchy.  Make sure to check your car before and after getting an oil change at this place.Written Before I checked my car myself....Yesterday I stopped by and got a quick oil change. It was great because even though they were busy, as soon as they saw me pull up they acknowledge me and asked what they can help with me. I appreciate that they did that.  The oil change took like 15 minutes and it only cost me $18.99!! It was a synthetic oil change too! Not only that it was a quick and inexpensive oil change, they gave me a quick diagnostic check of my car. Told me what I can and should replace on my car. I really like this shop and I promise they will not disappoint you.
5	Went in because I thought my front left wheel bearing was going bad, had them take a look and turns out it was my rotor and brakes. Went ahead and changed not just the left side, but the right side too for cheaper than what I expected to pay initially for the wheel bearing. Turns out there was a brake promotion that couldn't be beat by any other shop in town. All the other shops were at least $100 more in price if not more. Victor was quick in fixing everything and at the end of it all there is NO MORE NOISE! Highly recommend this place, will definitely be back!
5	Hamid the owner really caters to his customers. I first walked in and pleasantly surprised to find that it was comparable to the Lexus dealership waiting room, on a smaller scale. The waiting area is comfortable with a variety of beverages and even a small freezer for ice cream that is provided to the customers. The bathrooms and lobby was very clean and comfortable. For service, I only got an oil change but they were fast, VERY reasonable, and professional. I have gone to 4 other automotive shops for a quote on my transmission and was told that it would cost anywhere from $3400-$4000. Hamid gave me a quote of $2800. I will definately come back and recommend that anyone looking  for automotive work, come here!!
5	Great, courteous service!!! Comfortable waiting area! My car was taken in as soon as I arrived, I was treated with care and respect...will definitely tell my friends and family about the best kept secret in Vegas...Busy Buggy!
5	I was going on a road trip the next day, I needed an oil change. They gave me a free diagnostic and told me I should change my timing belt before I go on my road trip (timing belt were making a squeaky noise before I brought in my van). I took their advice and changed my timing belt too.  They have great customer service, not pushy, very friendly.
5	I found this place on yelp and I needed an oil change before driving home to SoCal. $19.95 for a synthetic oil change? Yes, please! Took about 30 minutes and in the meantime I was in the waiting area enjoying my free drinks and fresh baked cookies. FYI they also have coffee, tea and ice cream that's complimentary! I will def come back here again. Plus the front desk chica was super nice & friendly.
5	This place was amazing. I went without an appointment, and there were a few cars ahead of me. I was in and out in over an hour. If you check in, it's $10 off your purchase. They were however running another promotion. I paid $26 for an oil change. They checked out my car. There were a few minor issues that they recommended getting fixed. They even topped off my windshield fluid. The receptionist was very friendly and very sweet. She offered to make coffee or get beverages for another customer. They offer complimentary drinks, cookies, and ice cream.
5	Awesome check-in deal and not so pricey to begin with... the receptionist was nice, they had free wi-fi and actual current magazines besides like Motorcycle Monthly and WebMD that you usually find at other auto repair places. Big plus, they have tons of free stuff like water bottles, cookies, tea, ice cream, coffee, etc.
5	They people are amazing !!!! Are real nice and make some amazing offer and you will now be disappointed do not hesitate to stop here and they will make sure everything is done correctly the break room is not boring they have a dvr moving to show to show and it's nice and not stale
5	after reading review after review I finally decided to take my car here because my traction control light kept coming on. They took my car back and I waited.  While waiting, I watched Hamid with another customer that was there and he told him his car was not worth getting fixed and he could help him find someone to buy it for parts and he could maybe get something else.  How many mechanics say that?  They just take your money PERIOD and fix it, even if it's not worth it. Hamid and Victor had my car diagnosed within an hour.  They gave me a list of immediate fixes and then some things that can be fixed down the line, no pressure to fix those.  I left it Friday afternoon.  They offered me a ride home, which I did not need and told me they would call me Saturday which they did.  I went to pick my car up and no sooner than I got on Spring Mountain my light came back on.  I turned right around and Hamid was so apologetic.  He said I could either leave the car and they can have it taken care of Monday (it was almost 6pm) or I could bring it on my lunch break Monday and they would take me back to work.  I got there Monday and Hamid and Victor told me that they know what the problem is and had gotten the part I needed Monday am and to just have a seat and they would have it done in no time.  Victor immediately took my car in and did what he had to do.  He drove it around the block and said that I should be good.  Its been 2 days now and I havent had any problems (knock on wood).  I called 2 other chain companies and their prices were almost double what Busy Buggy charged.  It's so hard to have an honest mechanic and I'm glad Ive found a great mechanic in the Vegas area.  Also the waiting area is small but very nice.  They have Keurig coffee maker, ice cream, cookies, soda and water all free of course :)
5	Fast and friendly customer service. I got my oil changed with in 30 minutes. The waiting area was extraordinary with all the amenities. Will continue to repeat business and recommend to all .
5	I was hesitant about the prices for the oil change, but when you consider the quality of the oil and how long the oil change will last you, it's actually very reasonable.Went in for a standard oil change, they have a special running for the synthetic blend. The waiting area is really nice and clean, they had complimentary beverages, Keurig coffee choices, ice cream sandwiches, and cookies. Lots of magazines for you to read too. Receptionist was very nice and friendly. At the end they give you recommendations for services, they weren't pushy about it either. They changed my windshield wipers ($15) and brake light bulb ($15), saving me lots of time. Great place, definitely going to come back.
4	Just went for my oil change they had a deal running which was a 6,000 mile oil change for $29 which is very reasonable but they also let me use the check in deal with it so my total was only $20! Lets just say this is the cleanest car shop I have been in. They were all nice and they offer free wifi also they give you complementary water, coffee, tea and even ice cream! I am defiantly return.
5	Wow. This place is like the Hilton of car service shops. Great service, complimentary drinks, ice cream, fresh baked cookies, what more could anyone ask for. Top it off, very reasonable prices. Definitely will be back here.
5	I came here due to all the positive reviews. I agree. This place is a hidden secret. For those of you who care about cleanliness this is the place to be. They are very generous with all the free cookies, heehee. I received free towing & free diagnostic check. Thank you for getting my car up & running again! At check out time I asked about their coupon I saw on their website & unfortunately it was not applicable to the work performed on my vehicle but the young lady gave me a discount anyways. Very satisfied!
5	Great spot to get some work done while passing through Vegas... Fast, professional, and great snacks in the waiting room. Highly recommended.
1	My car had an electrical fire under the hood on Thursday 4/17 and I had a rental car the next morning and they had my car delivered to me at work on Monday morning!!!!!!  However, I later needed a transmission. I was without a car for several days due to them not being honest with me and letting me know that they had not called the warranty company to request an inspector to come out and look at the transmission to authorize the work. The reason for this was because they had given my car to another company to install my transmission!!!!!!!!!  I was told that this company Zip Zap Auto was their sister company, and later found out it wasn't .. When I got the rental car from Zip Zap Auto the car was on "E". When I tried to call Hamid to ask questions about my car he avoided me and had the gate keeper Heather blocking all my calls to him. I've never done business with an auto repair shop, who gives your car to another shop to repair and doesn't inform the customer about it or even ask the customer???? What's more, you then try to hide your actions by avoiding the customer calls!!!!!! Smdh.Was my car fixed by Zip Zap Auto? Yes. How do I rate Busy Buggy? Sneaky and Deceptive.
4	On a weekend trip to vegas. On the way to a night club on Easter my 2006 300c srt-8 Died on me late at night. Long story short it was my alternator. After checking yelp I came to this place. They had great customer service unlike others I had called on yelp. They were the closes to where i was staying at trump international. The reviews on yelp were great so i made an appointment. The prices were lower then some and on average with others. I arrive and they advice me the part is on the way as we speak. They have fresh cookies water soda ice creme tea and coffee for free while you wait with a 47 in flat screen tv. Making waiting in the waiting room not such a bad idea. I would totally recommend them to any one in vegas or going to vegas that needs to get something repaired pretty quick.
5	The manager and his crew are the best. I personally hate every mechanic I encounter due to their arrogance and poor performance but Hamid and his crew are the BEST I have encountered. Not only they fixed my 09 Jetta but paid my deductible for my warranty. So nothing came out of pocket. Will bring my friends and family to his honest business in the future. This review is about six months late and I still have no problems with my car. I don't say corny stuff but thanks Bussy Buggy.
5	they got an awesome snack selection for you while you wait
5	The owner, Samir, used to own a shop by my house that was awesome! Now he is here and I am happy to have found him.  Very upfront, reasonable and complementary coffee, tea, soda and snacks.  This guy is a real pro and has the certificates hanging on the wall to prove it.
5	Hamid was very courteous. Heather was as well.  They gave recommendations without being pushy.  I look forward to getting my "baby" running right!
5	This was by far the best experience I have ever had with an auto shop. My girlfriend and I were traveling across the country from Boston to San Francisco, and Vegas was one of our stops on the trip. Everyone's biggest nightmare when driving cross country is having mechanical problems, and breaking down. We started to have acceleration problems and the check engine light was on, so we decided to get it looked at in Vegas.I called early in the morning, when the shop opened, in order to make an appointment and make sure that I had enough time for the car to be fixed. When I called I was told that no appointment was needed and that I could just bring the car in... needless to say I was stunned and amazed.When I brought it in Hamid took my keys, informed me that they had a great selection of coffee, sodas, and cookies that I could enjoy while I waited - I was pretty happy at this point. After a short time, my car was brought into the garaged and diagnosed. Not only did Hamid give me a diagnosis for what could potentially be wrong with my car, he also gave me a diagnosis of everything else that was wrong with my car, with great descriptions and prices!!!I ended up getting a couple of things fixed, one the could have been related to my problem, and the other that was completed unrelated, a cracked coolant reservoir,  which Hamid suggested I should absolutely get fixed due to the fact that we were driving across the country and going through some hot areas. The entire experience was amazing!I don't know how other auto shops are around Vegas, but there is no need to go anywhere else, Hamid and his mechanics are amazing and very friendly.
5	My Infiniti stalled with the engine light and oil leak during our road trip from San Francisco Bay Area to fabulous Las Vegas and I didn't know any good auto repair shops located near the Vegas Strip. I was able to Yelp and Google this place and found that they have AWESOME services. The staff were helpful and friendly the moment we arrived. I got my estimated quote on the diagnostics on what the issues were and they offer complimentary water, soda and coffee on the side. I am usually skeptically about most auto repair shops, especially to places that I am not familiar with; but this place, hands down, has the BEST customer services I have experienced. They even offer and gave us a ride to/from the Vegas hotel to pick-up my vehicle when it was completed. I would highly recommend this place to all my friends and family who happens to need a mechanic during their visit to Vegas. Merci beaucoup Busy Buggy!
5	Threatened Heather with a downgrade to four stars because I and another customer ate all the ice cream.  Still the best place to take your car!!!!
5	They are very nice and did a great job :)
5	After seeing Hamid post abut someone's bad experience, Hamid are you still the owner?  I was told that you sold the shop.  Although I had good service I still was sad to hear that you left because you made my first experience there so wonderful.They did it again........I LOVE LOVE LOVE BUSY BUGGY.  Seriously if you are having any car troubles, take it here.  Last night I received a ck chg system on my message board in the HHR.  What in the world does that mean?!?!?!  I called and he said it may be a loose wire but probably the alternator is going.  GREAT!  Plz let me make it to the shop in the morning because who wants to be stuck somewhere in 100+ degree weather...surely not me.  I was there about 7:10 (they open at 7:30) and Ezequieo (the NEW OWNER) was opening the shop.  I was willing to wait but he said no come on in.  He took it right back and sure enough, alternator.  Almost $600.00 but because I trust them from the last time they worked on my car, I didn't care.  DO IT!  I asked if anyone could take me home since it would be a few hours and of course he offered.  He was very sweet, nice conversation so I didn't feel like I was in a car with a stranger although I was lol.  Curiosity always gets the best of me so of course I called Pep Boys, $807.00 and Meinike was $625.00.  They've beat prices yet again.  A few hours later, my baby was ready.  Blasted the air, radio and drove full speed to make sure it wouldn't come back on.....of course the waiting area is clean with free refreshments.  THANK YOU AGAIN BUSY BUGGY.  You are AWESOME!!!  See you in a few weeks for my brakes!
1	Not sure what all these other review's are talking about... I had a completely different experience during my first and last visit to this shop yesterday. I walked in to this so called "comfortable" lobby and approached the main desk to inquire about an oil change. The little guy at the counter said "wait one minute, I'll be with you soon". So I stepped to the side. After standing there and waiting for 10-15 minutes, he finally acknowledges me again and we start the process of getting the oil change. I got the synthetic-blend for $29.95. I also used the "$10" off for checking in on Yelp! discount they had. "It's going to be an hour wait"... so I sit and wait.. now the true colors start to shine. Just with me waiting there, I'm hearing the counter guy calling a lady about her vehicle, each call adding another $160 to $220 more than what was originally quoted to her.. after three calls in 40 mins this lady was charged an extra $700 on top of the original quoted $70 job!!! (Stick with me now)Next, there's a guy in the waiting room with me who was getting a/c work done. He was taking advantage of their a/c special which (if I remember correctly) was $69.99. This guy sounded like he was in dire need of an a/c fix. Next thing I hear is the counter guy telling the car owner that there's a pin hole leak in one of the hoses and to fix this it's going to cost another $100, the customer hesitantly agrees to go with the fix. 10 minutes pass by and the counter guy ask the a/c customer to come back to the desk where he then tells the customer that the previous solution was an ineffective solution and now they think it's the o-rings causing the leak and IF that's the problem it'll cost this guy another $160 to repair.. for O-RINGS?!?!? $160 DOLLARS?!?!?! So by this point you can see and hear the customer starting to get worried and again hesitantly agrees to pay the upcharge. So he walked in looking to pay $70 and will be paying an extra $260 on top of that for a solution that "MIGHT" work.I start thinking to my self "these a-holes better not try upselling me for anything, I just want an oil change". So my name is called, my truck is ready, and BOOM... "well we see that your brakes might be a little light and causing a slight squeal which will cost $199.99 for front or back brakes... also we noticed a slight leak in the front struts which will cost $308.99"Now the fun part--- the oil change was $29.95.. I used the Yelp! $10 off any service coupon which would put me at $19.95... my bill total was $40 dollars... now I'm left scratchingmy head, where is this extra $20 coming from?!?! He proceeds to tell me it from TAXES!!! Are you fkin kidding me?!?!?! This place is a scam center and perfect scamming for those people too stupid to realize they are being worked over. From what I saw there, never feel good about the original quoted price, they will increase that 3-4 times before you are done... on services that "SHOULD or MIGHT WORK"
5	I had recently visited Busy Buggy and seriously caught them on a bad day. There were some staff working in new positions and unfortunately it showed and carried on to me, the customer. I had left my feedback on my first and only visit and I will say, it was not good. But then something happened that rarely happens when leaving reviews on Yelp!, the owner (who was out of work the day I went) got a hold of me and explained his sincere apology and shared deep disbelief about how my situation unfolded at his property. He did all he could to try and make the situation correct, even offered to double check my vehicle to ensure the work was done correctly. Now this is a real owner who shows a true passion for his craft. This is not too common from shop owners around town. Honest and actually wants your trust!Thanx again Hamid
5	I was just here for an inspection on what my car needed and the experience was wonderful. All day I have been calling around and looking for a reasonable mechanic. I was just about to give up when I stumbled on a post on Reddit/r/vegas recommended this place. I called up and I got a reasonable quote and I quickly brought my car to their shop to get a proper inspection. Before I went here I had gone to a brake shop (Midas) in Missouri who told us we needed new brake pads. This was not true. Hamid told me I still had about 6 months until I had to change pads. In the brief time I spent there waiting for my car (oil change/ inspection) they fixed a flat tire free for the owner of Tofu Hut, they took a women to a local nail spa, and I met a handful of local regulars who had nothing but praise for the shop and owner. This is our new car shop, for oil, brakes and all maintenance.  This is as good as it gets.
5	My boyfriend and I were driving through Las Vegas on our way to California. As we were leaving Colorado, the air compressor seized up. We drove 9 hours through the desert with no AC and decided we would get it fixed in Las Vegas. We called about 15-20 auto repair shops based on travelers' reviews on yelp and google, and Busy Buggy had the best prices by far. They were also willing to get us in ASAP the next day (we got to vegas a little late). Hamid did an overall checkup on my car and found two major items other than the compressor that needed to be done in order to ensure safe driving. He was easy to work with, had fair prices, and the customer service is top notch. If I ever have any major work that needs to be done, I might just drive from San Diego to have him do it. Thanks Busy Buggy!
5	My bimmer suddenly need an engine oil in Vegas. I was confused because the time was already 5pm. I called several body shops but they closed at 3-4 pm. So I chose this shop even if the shop is little far from my hotel but it was perfect!! Price to change the oil was the best, i mean cheap it was only 70bucks. The other shop was over 100bucks. Moreover the employee was so kind that i felt comfortable. There are lots of soda, coffee, ice cream and it is on the house as well!!! I strongly recommend this shop when you are in trouble in Vegas
5	Hamid is a really honest, kind, and gentle person.  He doesn't make flowery promises.  He just takes care of business.  Busy Buggy replaced the front and rear bumpers on my RX400h for $950 total (including the paint job and labor).  This is a good price.  Another shop I called couldn't even do the front bumper for less than $1300.  While the car was being worked on, I was driving my husband's car.  I got called in for a job out of town, and Hamid gave me his loaner car at no extra charge: a 98 Lexus that drove smoothly and got good gas mileage.  However on the 2nd day of my trip it wouldn't start.  I called AAA and they informed me that I needed a new battery.  I sent pics of the old battery to Hamid and he agreed.  AAA replaced the battery for $118.81.  When I got back into town, Hamid credited me for the replacement battery with no questions asked, even though he only charges half of what AAA does.  I didn't have to beg or persuade.  He just does what's right.  I trust his prices, and I trust that he won't try to convince me to do unnecessary work on my car.
5	these guys are awesome!! fair pricing, they know what they are talking about, and they go above and beyond to make sure your car is in good working order before they send you home in it. couldn't be happier. plus they've got free coffee and soda pop in the waiting area!
5	Man I wish there was a place like this in LA!!!  It's CLEAN! Complimentary fancy drinks and fresh baked cookies. It has mirrored furniture I wanna take home LOL JK. Most importantly seems like an honest place won't add on extras or BS thaturcar is messed up. The prices are amazing and even more straight forward :) I think I'll have to drive here from LA every time I need any kind of service :)
5	My usually reliable vehicle decided out start acting up the day my hubs & I decided to roll out to Las Vegas for our One Year Anniversary. For some reason, it sounded like it wouldn't shift the gear (I have an automatic & I don't know much about vehicles) and wouldn't "climb" hills. When we pulled into Treasure Island's parking garage & the uphill driveway, my car started shaking and lights started flashing. Dude. Really. We waited until the next day (Today, Monday) & took it in. Edward helped us out as soon as he got off the phone & let me know he can diagnose it. Then, Gustavo pulled up & drove us back to TI - with my car so he can see what we're talking about. Nice.About two/three hours later - Ed calls me to let me know there are damaged wires that connect to the computer that talks to my transmission & it's basically telling it it's no good. (I had just received and oil change and tire rotation Friday. Wish it was caught then) $260 to repair. Truthfully not THAT bad, so I called back & said go for it. TIMELINE: 9:30(ish) - Took it over 11:30 - Edward called to tell me what was wrong 12:55 - Edward called to tell me it was done. AWESOME!!! 1:03 - Gustavo's at our hotel. AGAIN, AWESOME! We didn't even have to ask to be picked up and expected to have to take a Taxi or walk. They didn't even charge for that. The owner - I'm assuming from reading reviews, came out to ring us out & let me know what else it needed. I was grateful.Yelp, you did exactly what you were created to do. Busy Buggy - so did you.
5	It would be next to impossible to describe how satisfied my entire family is with Busy Buggy because we have had so many positive experiences there.  Hamid and his staff have been overwhelmingly knowledgeable, polite and efficient.  Each and every service and/or repair has come in on budget and faster than the estimated time frame.  The work has far surpassed dealership repairs and come in for far less money.  It has been more than the financial savings (which are important, indeed) that has us giving a FIVE STAR review.  The kind and courteous nature of having things explained in detail and done so in a very informative manner rather than condescending.  There is absolutely no doubt in my mind that my entire family will continue to do business with Busy Buggy.
3	Recently went to Busy Buggy for a tune up and spark plug replacement. Great customer service, but like other automotive shops, know what you do and don't need done on your car. They printed out a estimate that I needed a oil change, air filter change and transmission flush in addition to the spark plug and tune up. I found this rather interesting considering that my oil life was at 50% was changed out two months ago as well was my cabin air filters were also replaced at the same time. I also had the transmission flushed earlier this year. I had my car well inspected before I drove across country from DC to Vegas. I mean I know I m new to Las Vegas, but I wasn't born yesterday. All in Busy Buggy had the best reviews on yelp, so I checked it. Lot of other Automotive shops in Vegas seem to have horrible reviews. Would I come back I m not to sure about that. Know the history of your car, not what they say your car needs serviced.
5	I decided to get my service done at a local joint rather then get over charged at the dealer. The result was that it cost me less then half of what it would have cost. They took me in right away and it was done in about an hour. Its actually a nice setup,the waiting room offers drinks and snacks ,free to customers. Thats a nice touch. Other then that I would recommend them and their rating lives up to the reviews. Yelp check in saves you 10 clams ;)
5	This place deserves the great reviews they have. Called beforehand to see if they could get me in and the manager (Mike) was really cool right from the get-go. I was in and out within 40 minutes and felt comfortable with the way they do business. Added bonus for going the extra mile and offering drinks and snacks for customers, it shows they care to earn your business.
5	Excellent service with friendly staff. Very reasonable prices and they have drinks and snacks in the lobby while you wait. I recommend this place to all of my friends!
4	11/2/14 Updated Review (4 stars):Today I received a call from Hamid Sheikhai, the owner of Busy Buggy Car Care to discuss the original review I wrote regarding the services I received a few days ago, my 2nd time at his shop.He explained that the comment (see my original review below) should have been addressed the first time and especially with more clarity, when I noticed it the 2nd time. Hamid says he takes these Yelp Reviews very seriously and plans to bring this up to his staff first thing on Monday. He mentioned that he will take matters into his own hands and plans to effectively restructure his staff (letting some people go, hiring new ones, etc.) He also mentioned that the comment was put there to document the original condition of the car when they first receive the vehicle (general observations before they work on the car) and also to protect his business in the event a customer comes back in the future making certain claims, for example. It's just their way of documenting the car in it's original condition. What happened in my case was that it just was not brought up to me, or explained to me originally, and also the wording was misleading. Hamid make sure to clear this up completely, which restored my faith in his business. I really liked that he sincerely apologized for this and he gave a very clear explanation to me.I truly appreciate him reaching out to me, as it shows greatly that he cares about not only his business, but his customers as well. After speaking with him, I feel more comfortable returning to his business for any of my car needs. I will be returning on Monday for a discounted battery replacement for my car. (yay!)Thank you so much, Hamid! I have confidence that your company will do everything possible to make your customers feel good about the services they receive. :-D11/1/14 Original Review (2 stars):I needed a place to get an oil change and I went to this shop after reading great review on yelp. My oil change was back in early September 2014 and I paid the $24 for the lube, oil and oil filter change, and an additional $19.60 for tire rotation.  This was reasonable and I was in and out of there in about 45 minutes. During this time, I was impressed that they had a fully stocked fridge of drinks and ice cream free to all customers! They also have free coffee, tea and some homemade cookies :)This was my first experience there.My second experience was a few days ago when I went in to get my car checked in preparation for a long drive from Vegas to Los Angeles. I first called to see if they were available to take a look at my car and they said the inspection/diagnostic evaluation was free. So right after work, i took my car in and had them check it.For some reason, I didn't feel comfortable with the list of things they said needed to get repaired. This time around, I didn't get that one-on-one attention where the cashier/receptionist was only speaking to me. I felt he had a lot on his plate because when he called me up to discuss the diagnostic evaluation with me, he had me wait while he talked to another customer who's car was done. No big deal though, I understand he may have had more than one car done at the same time, but it kind of bugged me a little.He did apologize for that, and once he proceeded to talk about each item that he recommended to get fixed, I didn't feel that he was trying to get me the best deal possible.I appreciate that they did not hesitate to give me a quote on the oil pan gasket, but IMHO they are asking too much (about $220 for parts and labor!) That's about what Pep Boys would charge. I'm all about helping out small business owners, as opposed to large chains like Pep Boys, but to me, the $220 seems too expensive.***The biggest thing that made me raise my eyebrows was a note that I read on this particular invoice. ***Keep in mind, that this diagnostic evaluation was free, so I didn't pay anything. However, I asked about this "vehicle memo" that was written on the bottom of my invoice. It stated the following "Transmission case damaged from road hazard collision." I have never had a road collision and on top of that, this "vehicle memo" appeared on my first invoice (from the oil change I had gotten in September 2014 - my first time there). I had never noticed it being listed on there before, and when I asked about it, the cashier mentioned that it was on there from the last time and called in one of the mechanics to confirm it. I was confused at why it was on there because this "comment" was never discussed with me at any time, until I brought it up this 2nd time I went to see them for the diagnostic. I never had a "road hazard collision" and the fact that they put that on there, especially without talking to me about it, made me feel even more skeptical about their business.This lack of communication on their part left me feeling iffy about them taking another look at my car, so sadly, I don't think I will be returning.
5	I want to thank you for the thorough inspection of my car, taking the nails put of my tires , and my oil change. I love your reviews. ( which help me decide where I should get my baby taken care of) and am happy the a/c in my car runs more clear and I have a smooth, safer ride. Thanks again!!!
5	I'll make this review short and sweet ...I bought a car from an auction,  took it to Drive train to get it checked out. The owner at drivetrain is a family friend so I don't think twice to take my vehicles there until now. He says he 'fixed' everything on the car & it was good. The day after,  the car was not picking up speed& the check engine light came on.. I bring it back, he 'claims' to put it on diagnostic.  He couldn't find anything. The next day, check engine light is back on and car is still lagging. So I decided to take it to Busy Buggy. Within 20 minutes, they found out what was wrong & fixed it within 2 hrs. My car drives PERFECT now, no issues at all. NEVER WILL I EVER TAKE MY VEHICLE TO ANOTHER PLACE OTHER THAN BUSY BUGGY! This place is amazing & so are the employees. I am so grateful I found them,  they truly take pride in their work! They also have complimentary beverages of all kinds, free cookies, & ice cream as well. Best place in town can't thank them enough!
5	Today, I called and spoke with Hamid, and to my surprise he was totally unaware of the poor customer service that his customers had been receiving. He stated that he was not given my messages and had other complaints regarding the customer service. I believe in fairness and second chances, I do believe that Hamid is a good and honest person to do business with and value his customers. I respectfully recommend Busy Buggy, because the quality of his work and Zip Zap Auto was done right and he has released the infected employees that was ruining business for him. He's all hands on now and you will be dealing with him directly.I totally respect and appreciate a business when they value me as a customer.Thank you.
5	Yelp did not disappoint. This was 1 of 3 my wife narrowed down for a transmission service & general diagnostics. First stop was really expensive & quoted a 3 hour wait. My wife directed me to Hamid & team at Busy Buggy. Not only was the transmission service less expensive than CARS on Valley View, it was also completed in 1 hour. Hamid also made recommendations to repair in the future without pressure & upselling. Other mechanics have used fear tactics if the upsell is rejected & remark "be careful out there," with an obviously sarcastic tone. Not the experience here. Great complementary Keurig coffee, ice cream and cookies...as far as auto shops go, who else does that in Vegas? Thanks Busy Buggy for your great service when your competitors were only concerned about closing up shop to start their New Years Eve parties. Hat's off to you!
5	I stopped in Friday around 4:45 for brakes and an oil change.  There were two people ahead of me.  Only 1 mechanic was there in addition to Hamid.  After inspection, Hamid came over to me with the price and said that it would be a few dollars extra because no one would deliver the parts that late and he had to go and pick them up himself (very small...I can't remember if it was $5 or $7) I said no problem and asked if he would prefer I come back in the morning since it was late (I did not realize they closed at 5:30).  He said no way, that I was already there and tomorrow would be busy so not to worry.I was the only one left in the shop.  I helped myself to a cup of coffee, talked to my mom on the phone and in a little less than an hour my oil was changed and brakes were done.  I can't say enough about Hamid and Busy Buggy.  They really do seem to go above and beyond the call of duty when it comes to customers.As usual, the place was clean, and there were refreshments of Keurig coffee, soda, water, ice cream and there were a few cookies left (it was late :))  My #1 place to go to and I refer people there all the time!  Do yourselves a favor....look no further than BB!
