4	Walking up the street discovered a hidden gem. A black owned barbershop with like 5 chairs. Man, all the barbers are so unique in there own way. Very creative with so many styles of haircutting and shaving. Typical shop, all ways talking sports. If wanna know about kobe, come here lol! I got a hair cut and was in need of one. Sat in the chair in less than a 1hr. Met a barber told him what a i wanted. he cut my hair low, edge my sides with a razor. I was completely satisfied. Next time , I'm in town, i will hit this spot up.
5	I concur: the best barber shop in town. I first came here early this year after shopping around at a popular Latino place, a Filipino place and an upscale men's grooming spot. Mas o menos. Fail. -Fail.My last few haircuts had a sh#tty hairlines and awful service, so I was nervous when the barber pulled out those magic clippers and cut w/ (too much?) ease and finesse, like Edward S. Jr. The result: hhhotness! I'm not sure how this place ended up in vegas, but I'm glad it did.My haircuts(always walk-in) are thoughtful and timely(no fake 1/2 hour post-cut detailing), and all the barbers are social and cool as hell... not one awkward dude in the bunch. O yeah, I got the best cut I've seen in years-with an impeccable and creative hairline and the exact level i asked for. I'd forgotten I could look quite that good ;-)Cash-only
5	best barber shop in town!!!
5	I found this place on yelp while in Vegas for a conventiion and was not disappointed. Yes I was the only white guy in the place and the music (rap) was loud, but the prices could not be beat ($16.00) for a simple haircut. The staff was welcoming and friendly. The guy who cut my hair was part owner of the shop and very experienced. He spent a lot of time on me and made sure it was just right.Do check them out, I'm glad I did.
5	This place is amazing. Timothy (Timo as he's known) took care of me. Walking in, I thought I had stopped into Central District in Seattle. Loud hard core gangsta music, guys yelling back and fourth, cranking jokes, seeming oblivious that I was there.As we walked in, one barber called to us asking what we needed. Told him we needed a haircut. We sat and as others came and went, seeming mostly to visit, we waited. One customer leaving said, 'the wait's long, but it's worth it'. My partner was sat first, then I was next. The guy who took care of me has been cutting hair for 23 years. He was great! Cleaned up my beard, cut my hair, made it all look tight. According to him, I was representing his work. Without a doubt the prices were great! I had the "Cut Above the Rest Experience". It was worth every penny. This place is a hidden treasure. For the best shave, cut, fade, trim, or whatever this place is not worth missing. In Vegas, you'll pay 3x's more for worse unless you come here.Thanks Timo! Love what you did!
5	Great cut, service was excellent .
5	Us Canadian boys read some great reviews and so planned our haircuts before we left home. Our day on Freemont included a nice stop here - great haircuts and I have a flattop!! Best precision cut ever! My bud agreed with his cut - mod flat top. Cleaned up eyebrows and razor cut edges. This place is way cool with a juke box that is a treasure...I played some old Marley with R&B beats while we were there. Place is full of cool stuff and has a nice edge to it that is NOT Vegas but IS interesting for sure and full of real nice guys. All cleaned up we enjoyed the area and headed for some drinks and gaming.  We will be back for sure.
5	Barber joe did a great job. I gave him a single photo and he was able to give me exactly what I wanted. Friendly atmosphere. Great customer service.
5	Man, I needed a haircut while in Vegas.  Didn't know where to go and neither did the concierge's at my hotel.  So I did a little research on my own, and came up with A Cut Above the Rest IV Downtown Vegas.  I'm glad I did! Tim "O" hooked me up! The old school music they play is great also! So I say that to say this, when in Vegas and you need a haircut and some ole' school music, check out Tim "O" and crew at A Cut Above.  You'll be glad you did! Show ya right!Mo Rouse, Washington, DC.
5	I've been a customer for over 15yrs! Great service, Great atmosphere for ALL.A virtual social "melting pot" of culture, history, and Vegas experiences.Mike and Troy, Curt, "Tim-O" will leave you "A Cut Above the Rest"!
5	Excellent!  The best!  Added note:  You can never really tell how good a haircut is until a few days to a few weeks later.  As time went by, I was even more impressed.  Seems strange to want to go all the way to Vegas just to get a haircut...!
5	I've had 2 fades done now by Joe the Barber and let me tell you, my man knows his stuff. The barber shop is just that: a barber shop. No frills, lotsa chairs. Really good old and new school soul music playing the background. Half the people are waiting to get haircuts and the other 1/2 are just hanging out and enjoying the banter. I recommend this place to anyone in the DTLV area or anyone looking for a good haircut at a reasonable price.
5	Went in for some quarters for the parking meter, ended up with some new friends. These guys are legit.
5	I have found my barber here in Vegas and an AMAZING one at that. Mike Jones, has amazing skill and talent, and we know how hard it is to find a great cut and line up, especially in the Las Vegas valley. read the reviews and decided to pop in and Im so glad I did, I wont go anywhere else and I have had my hair done all over the country. This is my spot, great energy, colorful personalities, and fabulous price......Hit em up
5	Got a great cut here from Troy! They keep the atmosphere fun with constant jabbering and rocking jams on the jukebox. I walked in and got a seat right away (maybe it helped that it was before 10am on a weekday), but there were a couple chairs taken already and other guys were lined up for certain barbers. The cut was detailed and tight. They certainly pay more attention than your usual chain shops and with a similar price too. Will definitely be going back!
5	Love this shop, love all the barbers there, love the atmosphere and love the price!!!! From the moment I got there they treated me like family ( a rare thing to see nowadays).  When I sat down my barber "Troy" took good care off me and did my cut right! He is the truth! Mike was hella cool too and offered me and my wife snacks while she was waiting for me to finish with my cut. How many barber shops do you honestly know that treat you like family? Seriously? This place is my new shop and I swear, this will be the only place where I get my line ups from now on...real talk!
5	Came in from out of town for my wedding and EDC weekend...needed a fresh cut 3 hours before my wedding and Troy hooked me up.
1	I went there based on Yelp's reviews and truly wish I didn't. I believe that the person that cut my hair has absolutely no idea what cutting hair means and/or that was his first time doing it. He was done in about 7 minutes, 2 of which he had to go to the restroom wtf ?!. The next 20 minutes I spend explaining him that hair should be smooth and that I cannot have random chunks of hair all over.  It just doesn't look normal... at which point I gave up. The 5 star review are a joke and I would not recommend this place to anybody!
3	I'm extremely picky about my haircuts. These guys are really friendly and you have your neighborhood barbershop feel. But, they're talented to a certain extent. They do great fades and line ups, but I was looking for a comb over and they didn't even attempt to use scissors. The top was barely touched, leaving an uneven hairdo. 3 stars because they do good work, but it isn't personally my style. I probably won't be back. Bring cash.
1	I went here based on yelp reviews. When I walked into this hole in the wall I was welcomed with a complimentary second hand high. The place heavily  reeked of pot. As I was waived to the back by a "barber", I noticed a friend/barber/possibly client was sitting in a chair watching football. His shirt read "Marijuana I'm smokin'it." I really wasn't sure if the "barber" was so high he couldn't speak to me as he waived me back ...or was it his first day cutting hair and didn't know how to handle new clients. The scissors were so dull I think my hair was torn out of my head and the clipper cut on the sides was extremely uneven. With downtown being under a restoration process this place looked like a messy 10 year olds bedroom...hot sauce on the counters, food containers at every station,crap everywhere, disorganized, munchies everywhere and to top it off I saw a "roach." Pull yourselves together! Clean up your place! This place is in need of some TLC...not more THC. Despite my experience the people who we're working seemed like good people...but my review is on the business. So if you're looking to go to "a cut above the rest" realize you may leave this place with a green thumb not a haircut.
5	One of the best cuts I've ever gotten. Tim "O" was the best. A must go for a haircut in the city! HIGHLY, HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommend!
4	I go to Vegas quite often (at least six times a year) and needed a reliable barber in the area.  I gave the shop a call asking if I could set-up an appointment; the person on the phone was very nice and stated I would be getting cut by Tim.  I visited the shop and was in-and-out in thirty minutes.  Tim did a good job - definitely will be making this my barber spot in Vegas.
1	I would not even give one star but i did receive one good hair cut. Been here 3 times 1st time was a good hair cut by Curtis but the atmosphere is ghetto play loud music to the point you have to scream at each other. The next time got another hair cut from Curtis this time guys walking in with pit bulls guys yelling at each other again because music is to loud. The hair cut wasn't as good he was distracted by all the stuff going on. The 3rd time went in asked for hair cut since Curtis was off they referred me to Bobby waited 2:30 hours for 3 guys to get haircut since the other 2 barbers decided to stop cutting hair for the day at 3pm. I waited patiently till my turn was up next which now is almost 5:30 pm a guy walks in off the street ask for a touch up. Which Bobby must have known and tells me I have to wait while he touches up his hair so he can go out later. I walked out and the other person who was behind me also walked out. The customer service sucks the atmosphere is a run down hole in the wall. The walls are white which look Grey I know they are white from a poster removed that is the only white spot on the wall. Ceiling fan, broke holes in the wall. The bathroom is a shit hole never been cleaned you are better off holding it. The prices say $14 for haircut but when I asked how much I owed he told me $20. I got a good hair cut once so try to give benefit of doubt and went back but will never be back with the last bull shit they pulled.
5	My husband and I had searched for a spot to get him a simple cut for a day or two during our stay, someone directed us to a place in Container park where we went and two guys standing around said that they had no openings and told us about a cut above the rest! It didn't occur to me until later that my husband and I had just had a "Pretty Woman" moment you know where you don't look right and they won't help you. At any rate it was the best thing that could have happened. Best haircut my husband has had in years! So glad we got sent there! Hopefully we can go back to Vegas and go back!
1	The ABSOLUTE worst hair cut I've ever had.Went to this place based on the Yelp reviews, and it was the worst mistake I ever made. I understand that some people have problems with the environment which are reasonable assertions. However, the QUALITY of the haircut I received from Bobby was absolutely dreadful. I have posted pictures to the Yelp page for this business if you want to check them out and see for yourself. While he kept attempting to start a conversation with me, he failed to pay attention to the job he was doing. He didn't even line me up. Although I would love to go back and demand him fix the job, I would not dare step foot in this establishment again. Which is a shame, because as a brand manager I love to support small businesses. There is no excuse for the type of butchery that was performed on my hair and though you see 5-star reviews dominating this page, please take the time and read the lower rating reviews because they are honest and forthcoming. I'm certain that the disparities are due to the difference in skill of barbers, however as a barbershop there should be a level of excellence required of all employees. & Bobby did not meet any standards acceptable by a paying customer of good faith. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME HERE.
5	This place is currently under construction outside but it's still open. My boyfriend and I went for the first time after seeing their yelp review. They are affordable, friendly, and skilled. Boyfriend got a cut by Jordan and he was the best. It's very clean and he looks better than ever! Thanks Jordan. Definitely recommend this place and will be back.
5	"A cut above the rest!" Yes indeed These dudes are the business! TIM-O is the man! He's been in the business 20+ years and knows what's up. Extremely pleased with my cut and experience.
5	Great Barber shop! They make everyone feel welcome. The cut was one of the best I have ever had.
