3	The Smith's at Jones and Vegas Dr. took the place of the former location at Jones and US 95 several years ago and seems to be one that the company ignores somewhat. While many other older Smith's stores have been remodeled this one just continues to age quickly. The store does plenty of business due to the fact that the next nearest grocery stores are several miles away. Given the volume of customers one would think that an upgrade is deserved.   One thing that stands out at this store is the lack of fresh produce. The produce department is significantly smaller than at other locations so I would imagine that the products have a somewhat high rate of turnover, but it always appears that the lettuce, tomatoes and almost all of the fruit has been on the shelf for a week or more. I've even been in the store and witnessed the produce clerks stripping the outer leaves off of heads of lettuce and then putting them back in the bins. Needless to say at this point you're getting much less product than was originally on the head. The bakery and deli are likewise undersized and under stocked as well.   Negatives aside, I did give this location 3 stars and the justification for this rating is the staff and management. I'm in this store anywhere between 4 and 6 times a week and have become very familiar with the employees. They are always very helpful and personable whenever I'm there. The management must be doing something right because given the not so great condition of the store; they have been able to keep the same workers for years.   It is truly unfortunate that Smith's has decided to treat this store as "step-child" location. They have a loyal customer base and a very good staff. The neighborhood can't afford the loss of its only grocery store, but if the locals start to sour on shopping there that may be what happens.
1	They need more vegan products, the produce section is so sad, what good is it to have 4 different types of tomato but no variety of hot peppers. I need my Pico de gallo.  they need more ethnic products too. The pharmacy techs are rude. Beyond rude.
2	The day shift at Smith's is great, very helpful and always very nice and customer service oriented.  The night crew is a different story.  Because I work during the day, I do my grocery shopping sometimes as late as 8-9pm.  EVERY TIME I go there in the evening, I experience the worst customer service imaginable.  My experience went something like this. Went through the check out, and AS ALWAYS I had to bag my own cart full of groceries because there are no baggers.  Problem this time, was that when the cashier was done scanning all of my groceries, she didn't lift a finger to help me.  She waited for me to finish bagging my own items, only when I reminded her that I wasn't there to bag my own items did she lift a finger, and out a cart full of items, she only filled one bag.  Then, I went up to customer service to get a rain check, they were closed, which isn't a problem, but the guy standing by the front doors who is supposed to be helpful, was no help at all, and I had to go off searching for someone to give me a raincheck.  He could have called a manager or something, instead he just stood there and ignored me.  I had THE WORST shopping experience this evening!!! I will go out of my way and go to a different Smith's from now on.
1	I am in smiths several times a week and one never knows who the mgr.is there have been several.i buy a lot of bread and their so called fresh bread is always so hard that a duck would break his bill on.i told a mgr how hard the rolls were and he got angry with me saying our rolls are baked fresh every morning. I think their attitude comes from the fact that this is a poorer part of town and they don't want to impress or help the people with not much money. This mgr.even walked away without even trying to help me find a fresh roll.  How's that for customer service.???.
1	I hate this place. If it weren't for my wife, I'd never come here.  Reason? Time is money. I would rather pay a little more so I have some life left over.  About the only time I come here is to get some emergency ingredient for dinner.     Example:  I just need some milk. I grab it. Get in one of the 3 registers open and have to wait forever for just a gallon of milk.  I'd personally rather pay $10 at 7-11.  Maybe they deserve a better rating but for my experience I just can't justify it.
2	This place always smells horrible. The only reason I use to shop here is because it was close to my house. They have made lots of upgrades lately, but it's still kinda nasty. If you can avoid this place, do so. Only go here if you're in a rush or as a last resort. They are owned by Kroger, just like Food 4 Less, but apparently this Smith's doesn't have the same standards. Avoid.
1	Was just there a few minuets ago. The have hired a security guard receipt checker now, and tonight i was profiled... Watched from the second i walked in the door, to buy a tub of ice cream non the less... This security guard clearly saw me check out as there was basicly no one in there and still had the audasity to ask me for my receipt. F to the u security troll go back under your bridge and frighten children where you belong.
4	I used to frequent the Smith's on rainbow and Cheyenne (farther from my house) out of habit from when I had to shop late nights. A friend gushed about how awesome the customer service was and I've been coming to this location since.    Today they messed up BIG TIME- without going into too much detail, the product I bought was mislabeled and resulted in an appliance of mine being rendered useless to me. The assistant store manager-Eric took the time to listen to my complaint and completely resolved the situation. As you can imagine, I was FURIOUS at their initial carelessness, but he was respectful and understanding, I didn't have to rage out. He totally understood my frustration. You only truly know a company by how they fix a mistake, and considering this, I now know why I've always been so loyal to the company. I recommend this place because they truly care about customer satisfaction.
