1	I rented a room for a week at Budget Suites and the first night I found bedbugs.  The next day, I went to the office and told them and they sent a manager to the room to inspect it.  I showed him what i had found and he told me that they look full grown.  He was insinuating that I brought them with me and I know they didn't come from me.  I didn'thave them before I went there and they're not in the place I'm at now.  But they refused to put me in another room and refused to pay for me to stay somewhere else and they refusted to refund my $250.  They gave me $18 to wash my clothes, which wasn't enough, and he told me it should be enough to do one persons laundry.  On top of all that, they wanted to charge me for my friends dog.  My friend had come to help me move and do laundry becaouse I have a bad back and she brought her dog and as soon as the dog stepped foot in the room, they tried charging me $125.  Upon leaving the room, we looked up and found a bed bug hanging from the door frame.  When I pointed that out to the manager, he said "hmmm.....I wonder where that came from."  So, i'm still fighting this, but so far they have taken my $250, costed me $200 that I had to pay for another room elsewhere, and inconvenienced me GREATLY.  I will NEVER stay there again, nor will I recommend them to anyone I like.
4	Well, after raising hell and writing a somewhat threatening letter to the corporate liaison stating how I called the Health Department, Better Business Bureau, every news channel in Phoenix, and planning to write a bad review on every website possible, Budget Suites finally decided to refund my money.  I'm supposed to receive a phone call within 7-10 days, letting me know I can go pick up my check.  I got lucky and decided to call a different Budget Suites becuz my experience with almost every employee at the location I got the room at was negative.  I was then informed that there was a corporate liaison.  Her name is Dana and she is a very nice person.  She's the only one I talked to that I actually liked.  The manager at the Yorkshire location, Brian, was very unprofessional.  I told him I was going to be homeless becuz of my money tied up at their establishment, and he said he would call me back and let me know what he decided to do, and he didn't even call me back to let me know anything.  I finally caught him at the end of his shift and he told me he was not going to refund my money and of course, I went off on him.  He HUNG UP ON ME!!  I called back and got no answer.....at a business!  Then when I did get an answer, they connected me to the wrong person, and again I called and he was gone for the day.  I couldn't believe it.  I can't believe theyre still in business. Anywho, thank God for Dana.  Now I guess I'll see if I get my money back soon.  I know that I will NEVER go there again and I will NEVER recommend that anyone else does either.
1	Mr Bigelow PhD is too busy with his extraterrestrial studies to understand that being a slum lord is a bad thing.
1	Let's face it, these places are not free. If you feel like you deserve to live in a place that is properly cleaned and maintained you will have to place a lot of work orders. Most apartments have managers who make sure the place is clean and well maintained. This is not one of those places. Filth and chipped paint is everywhere. There is no excuse. A 20 second slop a mop does not cut it.
1	To file a complaint for dangerous, unsanitary, substandard living conditions -Attorney General of Phoenix 602-542-5763Federal trade commission 877-382-4357Better business bureau602-264-1721
3	I won't go as far as to say that Budget Suites on Yorkshire is unsanitary. This is our 2nd stay here in 10 years and they are taking very nice care of this location(we are staying here after renting houses until we move into an apartment complex around Feb.- March). New beautiful grass growing in the areas in between the apartments, the pool and hot tub are always blue. The room was clean. I will say that if you expect internet here...DON'T. They advertise high speed, it is $20.00 a month PER user and tech support will tell you that it is 50mbs shared, which is insanely slow. You will be refreshing web pages over and over to have them half open(forget about gaming), it is a joke.   I went with Verizon wifi while staying here to avoid this. Now, they do check backgrounds if you stay here, we have seen them arrest folks with warrants. If you are worried about the types of folks who live here, well I have rented homes in north Phoenix for the past 10 years and EVERYWHERE I move in north Phoenix has Meth addicts & heroin addicts(this city is loaded with them, and they are everywhere). Why would Budget Suites be any different?   The only real difference is when I rented a house I had to call the Police on them, here you can have security remove them from the premises if they are bugging you, and they won't get a refund when booted. I know that this isn't Embassy Suites, if you came to stay here and expected that type of stay at these prices, well, think again. For the price they ask with all included(except internet) it is a great deal. Total we are paying about $860.00 a month and that includes 3 of us and 2 dogs.
1	Lousy, dirty, filthy, B E D  BUGS! And they blame them on you!!! MR. BRIAN the sooo-called manager - for lack of a better word, which is vulgar. This man is very unprofessional. I cannot believe he still  is employed with all the bad reviews about him. He threw us out because he was caught with a BED BUG problem. Calling us liars - what is that! They admitted fault and tried to rectify the situation by being even more rude and hateful.  I think the whole place should be inspected. In fact, I am calling the better business bureau, the health department and 3 on your side. DO NOT GO HERE! It is full of criminals and FILTH! They try to hide all the filth with new grass! - He gave us a card for $15.00 and told us to do all our own laundry and clean our own room after he had 2 people invade our privacy to do inspections and to spray or treat - so they say. I contacted the health department and BED BUGS have been all but irradicated and if there is BED BUGS in 1 room they are in others. 1 bed bug can have 100's of babies. OH MY GOSH! RUN FROM BUDGET SUITES IN PHOENIX and the severely disabled ability of the management staff. RUDE, UNHEALTHY PLACE TO STAY. Keep your kids away from disease! I bet the moral-LESS man has rented that room again being not fully treated. He says "I'm a business man." Try again MR. BRIAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you are lousy. And how about not sleeping with the dusty gals you give rooms too. YOU SCUM!!!
