4	Green fees are very reasonable, the course is well suited for players of any skill level.The only negative here is that the water hazards/waterfalls... anything with water on this course... it smells like absolute shit. It's like they're taking the sewage from the houses and pumping it into the water hazards so you don't look for your lost ball :)All in all though, good place to play!
4	I love it here, its a very friendly/forgiving golf course...  its designed well and they have a great range...   sign up for the local e club specials and they send you emails with SERIOUS hook ups!   very very nice.
4	Completely agree with Seth Y. on the smell issue. Other than that the green fees are reasonable as long as you don't mind golfing in the afternoon. Everything is very organized and well marked and the course is fun and challenging for players of all skill levels. I can't wait to go back and actually get to finish 18. Slow groups should be forced off the course! Grr
4	I recently played Rhodes Ranch, it is pretty close to the house and they have a great twilight deal. It was $25 for Golf, range balls, cart, GPS, and 3 beers (free beer=happy me),  the course was pretty nice, a little challenging, but not too hard.The $25 special is for NV residents only but it is worth checking out, if you have a local ID, but their normal rates aren't too bad as well.
4	On of my favorite golf courses to play.  It is reasonably priced throughout the year and is always kept in great condition.  They had a problem with the greens a few years ago, but it has been perfect the past 2 years.Some of my favorite holes:- #3 Par 3 is a long 227 from the tips, 189 Blue, 167 White....what makes this hole fun and challenging is the huge water hazard on the right side.  It plays mind games with you, especially if you're a right handed hitter and slice the ball.- #8 Par 4 tempts all golfers as it is a driveable 326 (Tips), 308 (Blue), 296 (White)....with a little luck, you can get on the green or close enough for a short chip.  The killer is the water hazard on the front right side of the green that makes it very tight on the left.  Could be disastrous for right handed slicers.- #16 Par 3 is a manageable 212 (Tips), 180 (Blue), 155 (White)....small water hazard and a lot of fun.  My friends and I have had several close calls on holes in one on this hole.Other positives about the course is the driving range and the restaurant.  The driving range is large enough to accommodate a lot of golfers and you don't feel cramped.  Also, there is a very good practice green which is kept in great shape as well.The food in the clubhouse is decent bar food.  I've had the Chicken Sandwich, Burger, and Fries here....all good after a day in the sun.  Of course plenty of beer!Will I return?  You bet I will!
5	Played in mid-September during overseeding...and still enjoyed this course! Visually - it's beautiful and challenging, but not too difficult.Very friendly staff from cart staff to the bar staff - would highly recommend for the "experience." Also, seems that it would be a great place for a wedding!
2	this place gets another story from me...We arrived on Sunday morning and the weather was dismal, raining and a little windy.  We couldn't really reschedule our golf because we were leaving town the next day - so we toughed through the first 9 holes.   The course was reasonably priced and well-kept.Weird thing: there was no plastic guard on the front of the golf cart, so with the rain, driving a golf cart was just not that much fun this time unfortunately.We didn't get to the back 9 as the wind and rain picked up significantly, and it just stopped being enjoyable.  We ended up at the clubhouse to grab lunch and figure out our refund / raincheck situation.  This was not great to be honest  (and why it  lost an additional star) .    The service at the clubhouse was great - food was ok, but the bartender was fun and talkative.Back to the pro-shop: We were offered a $60 merchandise credit at their proshop, unfortunately, they had nothing which would fit me save the hats (ie. nothing sized medium).    If we didn't want a merchandise credit, we could get 6 free drink tickets which does not equal $60...we ended up getting our $30 meal paid for, and basically had to forget about $30.    Would a refund have been so difficult?
4	Very well kept course, challenging, yet playable.  Not the difficult desert courses of the area.  Got a great rate from www.golfnow.com for a foursome.
4	Nice course to play right off th eplane great bang for the buck!
5	I'm in love with this community.  The golf course is nice, their rec center for the community is fabulous and it's secure.  I cannot wait to live here.
4	Rhodes Ranch was my home course the last year of high school. I used to be there everyday for free in those days.The course is still in great shape and the prices are very reasonable for locals. They are offering an introductory monthly club $29/month. The times change with the season but with this membership you get free range access and can play the front nine for only $15 after 4p. Every round includes 2 beers (they have Blue Moon and Sam Adams on draft!). Also with this membership, if you tee off before 7a, you can play the back nine for $15 and get free breakfast (any breakfast item on the menu except the steak and eggs). If you do not want to pay a monthly fee, make sure to sign up for the E-club. They send e-mails with great deals throughout the week sometimes as low as $25 for 18 holes with a cart and 2 beers.The course management is a little iffy due to the fact that during twilight there are many players that take advantage of the great deals. It can be frustrating that a slow foursome is not asked to increase their pace when there is minimal sunlight left. However, the staff is very friendly. The course itself is a great confidence booster. There are difficult holes but overall not much trouble to get into.
4	This course is very beautiful and pretty reasonable. I found that the greens were a little rough (almost like sand). But this was during the mid summer season, so that might be the reason. Fun course with plenty of difficulty for the average golfer, such as myself.
2	Oh, Rhodes Ranch - how I used to love you.  The lush fairways, the thick rough, and the perfect greens of old.  But our love affair is now over.  Your fairways are thin with grass and mostly made of mud.  Your staffing has been cut so deeply that playing 18 holes takes 5-plus hours.  (Get a Marshall out there and move people along.)  At least the front desk staff is polite.  But when you are charging as much as neighboring courses, there are better values and better greenskeeping in town for locals.
1	Very Misleading advertising - we picked up adiscount coupon from a local hotel that advertised free club rental. When we called, we were told the round was $55.00.  The $55.00 rate quote turned into $110.00 a player because we weren't "local".  We decided to play because our ride had already left  and it looked like a good course from the club house. Unfortunately for us the conditions turned out to be were very marginal (at best) with the front 9 greens in very very poor condition.  When we complained to the course manager afterward about the price he basically implied we were stupid.  I have played many much better designed daily fee courses in much better condition and for far less cost  in resort areas.  The attitude appeared basically that its ok to stick-it to the tourist because they won't be back anyway - well they got that part right at least.  Save your hard earned money and avoid this place.
3	We played here on a Sunday afternoon in mid-February. The course was generally in good condition and I enjoyed the layout, which was fair and straight-forward. One green (one of the first 2 or 3, I forget) had a big replacement patch in the front, but imagine it will blend in over time.  I tend not to like "desert/target golf style" courses, whereas this is more of a traditional layout. At least as traditional as you might find in Las Vegas. The only hole I didn't really care for was the 18th hole. It really penalizes the short hitter on the approach shot if they can't carry the stream and boulders en route to the elevated green.Pace of play was SLOW. Took 5 hours for 18 holes. We waited on every shot. The par 3's usually had two groups on the tee and one on the green.  In front of the foursome in front of us were two FIVESOMES. Who the heck lets out fivesomes on a weekend, WTF? They were even slow fivesomes, at that. I saw a marshall driving around a few times (wearing some kind of weird full-facial mask and avoiding communication with the customers) but he never seemed to do anything to get the pace moving.I booked a time through golfnow.com for about $65 a head. I don't think I'd pay the tourist rack rate of $100+ or whatever to play here, but for $65 I think it was a fair value.The front desk staff and the starter were very pleasant to deal with. The beverage cart girl was hot.
4	One of the most ascetically pleasing golf courses in Las Vegas with great par-3's- when they position them for variety, that is. (Seriously, the last time I played all 4 holes were a 6-iron from the blue tees).    This used to be my favorite course here in Vegas but unfortunately now (2012) the fairways and greens are only one step above pressed mud. I don't know what happened, this was a GREAT place to play and now I seldom bother- it's still a pretty course, with several short par-4's fronted by lakes, 3 of 4 par-3's over water, nicely framed, inviting fairways, picturesque white sand bunkers, cut landscape areas and palm trees all over, but... golf wise, the best green is the practice one- by far. What a shame. If the course was in good shape I'd give it 4 stars easy, but unfortunately that's just not the case during the last year. Hopefully someday it'll be back, but until then I'd go 2 1/2 stars, tops- only because of the attractive scenery.It's 2014 and time for an update.I've played here 3 times in the last 8 months and the conditions are MUCH better! I wouldn't hesitate to bring friends here again. The greens can still be a little "bumpy", but that's not unusual at many Las Vegas courses. Thank you for "bringing back" one of my favorite places to play!
4	Rhodes Ranch has really turned around since the winter of 2011 and spring of earlier this year.  On a recent round in early April, grounds keeping was in excellent shape (even during greens aeration), and the staff has seemed to have benefitted from a recent management change as well. They were always polite, but now it just feels more sincere.  Nice work Rhodes Ranch - keep up the good work.
2	Playing the course and the people in the Pro Shop were great! However, the starter, I believe his name was Frank was a complete jerk to our party. At most golf courses the starter / marshall is at the first tee box. in this case Frank was hanging out on the driving range, with a sign pointed away from the normal cart path that said starter. When we drove past to get to the first tee and reach our tee time, Frank caught up to us and demanded that we return back to his station and that he had paperwork and rules to tell us, we politely asked if he could explain here so we could keep our tee time, rudely he said no and demanded us to come back. There he collected the receipts we would have been happy to give him at the first tee, and simply explained that carts needed to stay on path on Par 3's (a rule EVERYONE knows already) and that 2 other holes were cart path only - information he easily could have shared with us at the first tee. It seemed like he was just on a power trip. It really ruined the entire experience for us.
4	Rhodes Ranch has seen a big turn around since 2011, and the course is finally in pretty decent condition.  I think that Rhodes Ranch is the epitome of what a community golf course should be, easy-ish for good golfers, somewhat challenging for the weekly player, and challenging enough for the beginners and weekend duffers.  Pace of play is usually pretty steady, and the people in the pro shop are top notch.  Also nice that the cart guys will drive out to your car with you after your round so that you don't have to walk and carry your bag, especially in this heat.  Overall, for the price, especially now that it's summer, it doesn't get much better.
4	While this is no Pebble Beach, this course is beautiful and the pricing is very competitive!  When I am not golfing, I walk this course almost nightly with my dog because it is a beautiful oasis in the Las Vegas desert (the exercise is nice too!).  The course tours the player through the entire Rhodes Ranch residential development with recurrent water features beginning on the 3rd hole.  The greens are challenging with hazards and roughs found on every hole, but also with wide open fairways to keep the newer player's morale up.  The pro staff are incredibly friendly and almost every golf package includes 2 free draft beers- you can never go wrong with that!The course was looking unusually ragged this summer, but it reopens from over seeding tomorrow and is a crisp, rich green again.  If you are a golfer, the membership cannot be beat.  Around $30/month with free range use and cart fee only greens fees in the mornings and afternoons!This is a great course and I doubt anyone who plays it will be disappointed!
3	I've only had the opportunity to enjoy playing this course a few times it can get backed up and the greens tend to be in bad shape due to players not fixing divots. Most of the time they will have you hitting off mats on the driving range while the grass is in good shape. If your from out of town looking for a cheap course this is a good spot but there's plenty of great courses around town in better shape.
5	I am not a great golfer by any means. But i do love the sport. this course is great for beginners and good golfers alike. It's wide open with few houses in a hittable location unless you REALLY get a hold and slice or pull badly. water is a recurring nightmare and provides some good challenges. Greens were in pretty good shape. not perfect but compared to other courses for under 50 dollars a round I haven't found any better. The part that sets this place a part from courses i go to is the employees and service. from the clubhouse counter all the way through to the food service were the best I've experienced.  ll actually have starters rolling around DOING their job and pushing the very slow groups along. My green fee included some draft beers and some food which i didn't plan on. and to top it off unlimited range balls. It was the best Saturday of golf I've had in Vegas.
1	I wish I could review the entire course or the driving range for that matter. As I walked up with my bag to hit some balls on the range the pro shop attendant said I needed a collared shirt even though I was wearing a long sleeve shirt for the cold. As I explained I saw 2 people who just came off the course with t-shirts he stated they were mock turtle necks. Not really but ok. He was pleasant so no issue there. The smell of sewage was every where. I also saw 3 people on the range with no collars. As I drove away I saw no less than 5 players on the course with no collars. I have been golfing for 25 years and have always respected the rules of a club. But for a driving range to require collars is interesting. I guess all the years hitting at Torrey pines in a t-shirt on their range was a no no. Also I think it is sad that a place is trying to set them selves as a high end course would maybe police the players better if they really want to adhere to certain rules.
4	Great course if you re paying in the 35-50 range. One of the few staffs i have ever dealt with who was friendly, from starter, to marshal, to pro shop, to guy who cleans the clubs. Tough and challenging but not Revere or Badlands tough. Ill play it again especially at $35 (golfnow.com
5	I was the wedding photographer here for a wedding @ Rhodes Ranch Golf Club and the wedding coordinator Justine Jackson was extremely helpful with everything.  If you're looking for a venue to hold your actual ceremony, you can't go wrong with with Rhodes Ranch Golf Club, especially if you hold it an hour or so before sunset, it's just a magnificent view.
4	Im here at least 4 times a week to use the range or play as part of the $35 per month players club. The coarse is not the most difficult and still not the easiest, it offers challenging holes and a forgiving layout for the not so accurate golfer. Ive played a lot in las vegas and Rhodes Ranch for the price is one of the nicer locations.
2	This is my home course. I play here about 75 times a year. Recently they had a management change. For some reason  they forgot about the golfers who supported them when times were tough. The changes that they are making are great for the course. Just remember the local guys are the one replacing divots, spending money in the restaurant and making a effort to support you guys even when you burn the greens or the fairways on 13. If you keep up your changes, the locals we will find another place to play. Now with that being said the course is playing well. There has been some new ways of keeping the course in good condition. They are mowing early and raking the bunkers. This has helped them  become more consistent. The layout is fair for every golfer. There's not much trouble and even errant shots are forgiven by desert surrounds and lack of trees. Take your wedges because it is generally driver,short iron wedge type course. The front has a little water but bring your gas mask. All in all I would rate Rhodes a 5 out if 10. Worth at the most for 18 holes $30 to $45 a round. A great practice course at best. Lessons are great and are complementary for players club on Saturday with Alex (no longer with this course on the time it took to post this review)He is great with kids. Steer clear of Don or anyone who came from Tuscany. They are full of themselves. I am a resident of Rhodes Ranch and I am very disappointed with the last 4-6 months. Arnold Palmer would not be proud.
4	One of my favorite places to play.  5 minutes from the house, the course is always in excellent shape, friendly helpful staff.  Free breakfast buffet, lunch coupons and a couple of free drinks come with the purchase of a round of the course.  I'm here quite often.
4	Only golf in SW... Always in pretty good condition. So many people think it would be narrow because its residential course, but its not- its pretty wide open. They have a full driving range and chip/putt area. I booked on golf now, but i heard the guy in front of me say he booked a pretty good price directly in their website?? I paid 40 on a hot deal.... Soo worth it.They do have a mobile refreshment cart girl that comes around the course, selling snacks, liquor, beer... Cheers to that. The restaurant at thd clubhouse looks pretty good... I did not get to try it, but will next time.
4	Course is in great shape!! Full grass driving range and large putting area. A little pricey for a large group that is locals. Food in the clubhouse for breakfast was ok, but the chef salad for lunch was huge, took half home for dinner and was very good.
5	Simply terrific.The facility is beautiful, the staff are friendly and professional, and the course is a jewel.This course plays very well.  The fairways are wide enough and the greens are true.  This is a good golf challenge that is very enjoyable.   My only negative comment was that some of the greens had unfixed ball marks.  That is more a function of rude players than anything to do with the course.   The groundskeepers are active and do a good job.You need to try it.
4	Whenever I'm in Vegas, I always try to play one round at Rhodes Ranch. The course was in great shape and the greens rolled better than some of the high end courses. Played 18 in about 4 hours, very acceptable in my book. The staff has always treated me very well. I never feel like an out-of-towner.I think Rhodes Ranch is the best value course in Vegas.
4	This is a very nice coarse, I live in  Mountains Edge so I golfed here to check out the course and was very pleasantly surprised. Not only is the course very close to my house its also one of the most enjoyable courses that I have played. I have played most of the courses in Las Vegas and this is in my top 3. The course is in great shape and challenging, which is important to me. the greens where in great and cut consistent,  fairways where very nice. This is definitely a course that I would recommend and bring my friends to play.  I also attended a wedding there not to long ago and it was beautiful. not a large venue for large weddings but still can provide for a beautiful area for a small to medium size wedding
4	Great conditions at rhodes ranch.  Greens and fairways are lush after overseed.  Rejoined players club which is a good deal if you like to play regularly.  Restaurant is also good all around.  A good course all around.
4	Cool Golf course and beer turned out to be super cheap when we went.  It was $2 for a beer and my golf buddies could not help but grab several.  Somehow after a few beers, golfing became a fun sport.  We all had a good time and the weather was perfect.  It can get windy on certain holes, but that just adds to the challenge.
5	This is very well maintained golf course and a great value for your money. Friendly staff and the best thing I liked was that after you are done playing you go to the restaurant and they have chilled beer which is part of your fees of $55. I recommend this place and will play here every time in Vegas
2	Cheap and the course is decent but the staff is horendous. The starter is very unprofessional and they are not on time. If you book a 3pm tee time then expect to go on the first tee around 3:40pm. The staff don't even communicate the correct information with each other either. 1 guy told me to go to the tee box and shortly after another chased me down telling me I didn't have a tee time and calling me a liar HAHA! Not coming back here unless I'm in dire need of cheap golf
4	4 1/2 stars. Recently attended a golf tournament - best ball scramble here with vendors, clients and colleagues in my industry.  We had a great turn out and took up the entire course. We do this annually and rotate the outing to various courses throughout Las Vegas.Tee time was at 800 am which was nice BC it was going to be in the nineties on a May day. The course is located in a private community about twenty minutes from the strip west on the 215 frwy.Service from the staff was solid from when we arrived, feom the handling our golf clubs to the driving range practice area which was open for unlimited usage. Many Thanks to the cutest cart girls who kept us from dehydrating - LOL! As for the Arnold Palmer course it was as pristine as the practice facilities.  The tee boxes, fairways, bunkers and greens were in near perfect condition. My only con was the pace of play was long for a scramble due to several groups of hackers in front of us!After the tournament food was served in the restaurant and we enjoyed a late lunch which included burgers, chicken sammies, salads and cookies for dessert.  I opened a tab at the bar for my key clients. After we finished our awards and raffle prize give a ways I closed my tab out after everybody departed. I was taken back BC the bartender Thanked me and said he appreciated our business and let's just say he took great care of me!I would definitely return to Rhodes Ranch again in the future and would recommend the course or facility for a tournament or even social function.
4	Had a great day golfing with friends this past Friday. Not overly crowded, the conditions were amazing and all the personnel were very friendly.Popped in to the clubhouse for a bite after 18 holes, the bartender was great, and the steak sandwich was awesome! Do yourself a favor and add the chipotle mayo to it :)
4	Hey, I love this course.. All the employees are great and they take very good care of the course!! DO NOT BUY THE $59 OR $69 SUMMER DEAL!! They did not put a cap on how many they sold and you can't even get tee times 10 days in advance!! Pretty pointless selling something that you can barely use.. Hope next year they get smart and sell something that the customers can use!! Terrible move management..
5	Got a monthly membership for $35 that include unlimited range balls.  The course is very nice.
4	I wanted to give this place 5 stars so bad but the driving range just looked so awful and like scorched earth the last 2 times I've played. I love to warm up before a round and this ground is in jus awful shape. I hope they fix it sometime soon because i'd rather hit off of concrete. Bar area and pro shop are very nice and the staff is amazing. The guy at the starter booth is hilarious too by the way. The course is in great shape and will not let you down. Great course all around! Will definitely keep on recommending friends to play this course!
5	VIP Golf recommended this place to me.  I think they hit it right on the nail.  It doesn't get any better than this.  We arrived in a cab and were greeted by some friendly staff who took our clubs and pointed us to where we check in.  A very friendly man checked us in, gave us a coupon for free breakfast or lunch as well as 2 drinks each.  We ordered our lunch and 2 bottled waters to go.  The cart was supplied with ice in the cooler attached to the side.  We met the starter, who gave us great instructions and answered our many questions.  The weather was perfect, the 2 people we were put in a group with were so nice.  The course was beautiful!!  The guys with us were good the course was plenty challenging.  I am a new golfer and played the forward tees and enjoyed playable time and I only lost 1 ball :)  We took plenty of pictures, which I will try to post later.  When we were through, the staff carried our bags up front waiting for our ride while we headed to the 19th hole.Overall, I couldn't ask for anything better.  Friendly and efficient service from everyone we met.Finally, for all of this, the price was fantastic!  Golf club rentals from VIP Golf delivered to my hotel, 18 holes, cart rental, range time... all for one great price.I will definitely be back the next time I am in Vegas.
