4	I would reccomend this salon.  Erica did a great job. She was very professional. I think she really knows what she is doing. The salon was very clean. There is no receptionist so you usually have to leave a message but that is ok with me. Prices are a bit high, but she does a good job.
5	Erica is phenomenal! She is absolutely amazing at working with your schedule and is pretty cool about rescheduling. She's recently made over her studio and it's really nice. You can definitely tell she is a detail-oriented person. Also, the atmosphere is really relaxed and she'd probably play whatever music you wanted....she's usually got something nice and soft playing. Waxing with her is amazing too!! She is extremely thorough and I know I don't have to worry about any hairs being left when I get home. I've never had a problem with skin irritation or ingrown hairs afterward either, which is a major bonus. You definitely needn't worry about double-dipping or anything like that with her; probably the most sanitary waxer I've ever met. Piecewise I'd say she is an absolute steal, I get full legs and underarms done and it's less than 70 bucks....amazing!! She doesn't take debit/credit cards so know that beforehand...not a drawback just something to be aware of--I rarely have cash on hand.
5	love this place and  Erica really knows her stuff.  The studio is very clean and inviting, which is important. She is attentive to detail and takes the time to make sure my brows are even.   The prices are very comparable and she gives discounts to new clients.... I will be a return customer!
4	I went in using a groupon and was scared of what was going to happen. I was very impressed by the Strip Waxing Studio website but was still kind of skeptical and unsure, but the wax went great. Erica is very proffesional, knowledgable, and informative. She makes you feel very comfortable and she prepares you for the worst. I was so happy i booked my next appointment. I would've given 5 stars but I was a little uncomfortable with the way her studio is set up amongst other free-lance hairdressers, nail artist, and others working in the beauty industry. Regardless, I'll still go back.
5	This was my first time visiting this studio, and I was very impressed and glad that I came here for my Brazilian waxing service. This is my second time getting a wax, and the previous place I went to was too far from me, and the previous technician didnt use hard wax but used the more painful method- using the cloth. It probably hurt more cuz it was also my first time, but I have to say, Erica did such a nice job and she is so friendly. I used groupon for my service, and she was very kind about it. Definitely coming back for her professionalism and her customer service! :) I'm happy I found her and her studio!
5	Erica is my girl for sure!!! A little background on me:  I worked at a salon and day spa for about 5 years as a receptionist.  I knew everything there was to know about salon and spa services.  It was hard to leave because the girls were my family and who doesn't love free services!?Fast Forward:  It was getting too difficult to schedule with my girlfriends, either I was canceling on them or they were canceling on me.  I had to find someone that I didn't know for my Brazilian waxes.  I found Erica on Yelp and thank God I did!!Erica is located in a studio type salon and spa, everyone rents rooms, I believe the building is L'mage (beauty studios).  Erica's room is clean, and simple and she makes you feel so comfortable.  She strictly does waxing which is awesome, she definitely knows what she is doing.  She uses a mixture of hard wax and another wax.  She provides all her Brazilian customers with a wipe to clean yourself (which is great, everyone wants to wipe down before someone is up close and personal) and a towel to cover yourself.  She steps out of the room lets you undress and lay on the table. Erica always keeps conversation going, has low music in the background, and is the sweetest!  As long as you keep your schedule regular she keeps her pricing at the "1st time special" which is great too for planners like me :)  Definitely go see Erica, she is the best I have had!
5	Best wax I've ever had, very relaxing setting and virtually painless as far as waxing goes. Definitely highly recommend!!
5	I have been going to Strip Waxing Studio for two years now and will continue to go. I live on the boarder of Gilbert and Queen Creek and make the drive out here because it's that good. I have sensitive skin, and the products used are gentle. Erica is extremely professional. One of the many things I love about this place is that she remembers who I am and various things we have talked about in the past. She makes you feel like a friend instead of a customer. Highly recommend Strip Waxing Studio for all your waxing needs.
3	I have to agree with most of the other reviewers...she makes you feel comfortable, seems to have have a lot of knowledge about waxing, relaxing atmosphere, great prices, etc...  I gave Strip 3 stars because there were two times I went to see Erica and the landing strip that she gave me was extremely lopsided (way more hair on one side than the other).  It was very embarrassing.  All in all, she did a good job and I would probably go back, but ask for a complete hair removal.
5	Erica did a great job. Fast, (mostly) painless and very pleasant.  She was great on the small talk which is always a plus!
