5	Looking for Korean food in Waterloo?  This is the place!The restaurant has only really been open since Thursday, but it is already showing up the other Korean places in town with great food and awesome service.My wife and I ordered the famous Pork Bone Soup (GamJaTang in Korean, this actually would be more directly interpreted as Potato Soup) and Bulgolgi (grilled marinated beef - actually "fire beef" in Korean).  The Bulgolgi came quickly, and it was delicious, but the Pork Bone Soup was lost in translation somewhere in the kitchen.  But this is where the service (which is fast and efficient, with knowledgeable English-speaking and Korean-speaking servers) shines.  As Don Cherry would say "Now all you kids out there, listen up" - this is why this place gets five stars: When the server was told that the Pork Bone Soup was missing, she quickly got a new order out to our table, and she apologized profusely, then told us that the item was on the house!  The soup was served piping hot and was even better than I remembered...  There was a lot of pork on the pork bones and the soup was spicy and rich, with a big piece of flavour-packed potato.  The great food gets you, as a customer coming in, but it is the excellent service that keeps you coming back.The Famous Owl of Minerva Korean Restaurant & Bar is the newest branch of the chain that started in Toronto, and it has been voted the best...  I would recommend you try it for yourself!P.S. When we were having dinner, they were playing a (K-Pop Music Sensation) PSY concert video on the TVs in the restaurant and towards the end of the meal, "Gangnam Style" came on, complete with the dance moves with thousands of screaming fans... it was something else!
3	My expectations were set very high for this restaurant since I've heard a lot of great things about it but it was /okay/.SERVICE: I work as a waitress for another restaurant in KW and so I can tell from my own experience when a waiter or waitress is trying their hardest to make sure you're happy and satisfied with their service, and they were! They were fast and efficient which was great. FOOD: I ordered the GamJaTang (pork bone soup) and my other two friends ordered Bulgogi and Bibimbap. When our food came out, the bibimbap was so burnt all we could smell was smoke for the next 5 minutes and they had to remake it. Then they mistakenly gave my other friend a pork bone soup when he actually ordered the bulgogi so they had to correct that as well.QUALITY: Honestly, I don't think the pork bone soup here is the /best/. It was alright. It had a lot of pork on the pork bones and was very tender. My issue was how the broth wasn't even spicy. In fact, I felt like it was lacking a bit of flavour but the potatoes in it were delicious.I can't decide whether I want to give it a rating of 3 or 4, so let's just say I give this a 3.5! I would go back just because I'm a a fanatic for Korean food (:
4	This is great. Casual atmosphere with authentic Korean food. The service was attentive and we really liked everything we ordered. A couple nitpicks would be that there were only three types of kimchi for the banchan (would have liked 5-8 sides, typically) and they didn't have any Korean juices to drink with the soju. The japchae was really tasty and had a good amount of sesame oil, though I would have liked more wood-ear mushrooms in it. Yum! Pork kimchi jigae was spicy and flavourful, fair amount of pork. We got the spicy chicken as well, which was delicious and had a tangy, spicy sauce that wasn't especially hot but tasty nonetheless. We'll definitely be back. I want some seafood pancake, stat.The reviewer for UW's Imprint complained that he spent $7.99 on the ramen and there wasn't any meat or vegetables in it. I'm not sure what he was expecting at that price point -- this restaurant is affordable but the ramen is the cheapest thing on the menu. It looks pretty good, in fact, for under 8 bucks. You can get a really nice meal here, without the alcohol, for around $50 for two people. Our huge dinner for two with three mains and two bottles of soju was something like $73 before tip.
4	One thing I love about this chain is that the food quality is generally consistent throughout. This is the second Owl of Minerva I've tried, the first one being in Markham.I noticed the menu has some more items compared to the one in Markham, but I'm not sure if it's because they recently added items to their menu. Hmm...I have to go back to Markham to find out.The place, while it may not seem at first, is very spacious. The TVs are also not as loud, so overall it's much comfier than the one in Markham. However the washrooms are a bit of a walk, and in winter it can get quite cold heading down the stairs.Service is excellent, waitresses consistently came up to me and my friend and asked if our food was good and if we wanted anything else.Cash, debit, Visa credit only. They don't accept Mastercard here.Wifi can be accessed using the Symposium Cafe wifi beside this restaurant.
2	This was a chain restaurant, so I decided to give it a try.The tofu soup was alright, not impressive nor disappointing, although I would say that it was missing an egg, which is odd.  My fault for not asking.Appetizer, really small proportions, maybe because I was alone.Had better experiences in other Owl of Minerva joints (been to Spadina and Markham)But the service was what ticked me off, the young server was inattentive, rude and making random jokes while I was paying.  Really, not very funny...Will not go again - this is not how a restaurant should treat customer eating solo.
4	I love korean food and I always went to the one in Yonge in Toronto so I was happy that one opened in waterloo. There customer service is good, and the food is pretty good but the one in yonge tastes better. Overall was satisfied with everything. Will come back to try other dishes beside there main pork bone soup.
5	Great Korean food and a very attentive staff. We had a wonderful  family lunch on Xmas eve. Recommended.
4	I went here a few days ago with a friend of mine as an escape from the brutal snowmageddon.  We were sat immediately far away from the door, which we were quite happy about as we were chilly enough as it was!We both ordered the bibimbap which was reasonably priced for the size of it. All of the sides were also great portions - we had kimchi cabbage and radish (I think?), potatoes with a sort of sweet sauce to it, and pickled cucumber. Overall the entire meal was delicious, we were pleasantly stuffed, and the bill came to $12 each with tip.My only complaint was that there was a little kid running around screeching at the top of her lungs. Unfortunately that tends to make conversation and enjoying you meal in peace a little difficult.Either way, I'm sure I'll be back!
3	Went here for dinner with a group of friends last night after hearing many good things about it. While the food itself was pretty decent, the relatively poor service knocked it down a star.Took a little longer than I would have liked to order food, but it was not that big of a deal. My friends got the pork bone and potato soup, while I shared the bibimbap and bulgogi with my other friends. It didn't take too long for the food to arrive, which was nice. However we were missing things like bowls, cutlery, chopsticks, etc. and it took several requests for them to arrive.The food was quite tasty. I enjoyed what I ordered and I tried a bit of the soup; it was very spicy, but definitely had good flavour. Was slightly disappointed at the mini appetizers - the cucumbers were delicious, but I was looking forward to the potatoes, of which there were none. There was also some chicken that I had a little bit of (I'm not great with spicy food).Took a while for the bill to arrive. Apparently, the washrooms were a bit "sketchy" - I didn't see them myself, but this is what one of my friends said. Price was pretty reasonable, at least.I wouldn't mind trying some different things from their menu, but not too sure how likely I'd come to this location again. I'd be interested to see how it compares to the ones in Toronto. 3/5
4	Pretty solid Korean food imo. Ordered the Gamjatang (meat was tender, broth was flavourful) and bibimbap (this also came with a soup which was nice!).Would recommend this place for a good Korean meal in Waterloo :)
3	This place was just fine. Nothing standout, but not awful. The bulgogi was subpar, but the spicy chicken was awesome.The service was good, super attentive, but we didn't get our appetizer until the end of our meal, which was...not what I expected.The good: quick and decent, close to the Waterloo Hotel, where we're staying.The bad: they didn't tell us that it was cash only because their machine was down until the end. As an out-of-towner, I had no idea where an ATM was.
4	We just stopped by for a quick late night bite to eat. The food was great, and our server was very sweet and personable. The Kalbi beef was some of the best I've had, and the spicy chicken dish was to die for! Next time I'm in the area I will definitely be stopping by. :)
