5	What an awesome sports bar!! Not to crazy but so fun :) Finally a great place in the neighborhood!! Looking forward to going back for FOOTBALL SEASON!!!
4	Went at half time during the football game, nice casual feel to it. They have some great drink specials! My wife and I both had burgers which were very good. They only had one waitress, Emily who  did a good job of checking in on everyone regularily. Will definitely be going there again.
4	This place is pretty legit, I came here with friends and wish I remember more but I was plastered.  I do remember seeing the 2 largest televisions I have ever seen inside this place.  Each TV covered an entire wall, what a great place to watch a game!  Anyway, the service was great at the bar and it's not a huge place but looks like there were lots of regulars.  Very clean, casual and just a fun place to hang out.
4	The Heights is a fairly new sports bar that opened up in the Fletcher Heights shopping plaza at Lake Pleasant and 83rd Avenue. The bar inside is a little on the small side, but is always clean and well-kept. The bathrooms are single-toilet rooms, but they are also very clean, huge plus. They have a lot of TV's going with sports, and they pipe the audio outside to the patio, so if you're not down with that, probably not the right bar for you. They're open late, and after sports finish broadcasting they play music and it becomes more of a "bar-bar." The crowd is middle-aged, and you have a lot of local regulars that probably live right around the corner. They will be drunk and they will want to talk to you and randomly join your party or conversation uninvited. That's the nature of a true neighborhood bar, so be prepared for that. (That being said, the bartenders are female and they will keep a strict eye out for older guys doing the aforementioned to younger women out with friends which is nice.) It's a friendly atmosphere, though, I've been there a handful of times and I've never encountered any more than harmless drunks that want to chat. Their drinks are good and cheap. I've not had their food, but it looks like standard pub fare. All in all, a pretty nice place to grab a few drinks and watch the game!
4	Very happy to see a small bar pop up close to the house.  It is what it is, a small bar with small bar food.  No cullinary stars in the kitchen but reports from the croud are that the food is just what you would expect and decent.They have $2.50 coronas all the time and specials on canned beer which is great to see from a place like this.Where they do excell is on their TV's.  They have at least a dozen BIG ones.  Full HD and they also have two projectors that broadcast onto entire walls.  This bar is very small so I'd say that they have as close to as many TV's per square foot as Santisi Bros, and with better quality.  Now that is saying something.Support your local dive bar!!!!!
3	Good neighborhood bar n grill.
1	Prices are good but the food was bad, even for bar food. Nothing good on tap.
4	This place has mad potential! Who would like to see a hip hop/dance night here on Saturday nights with a love dj? lemme know! Cuz I can bring it!
4	We love this neighborhood "dive" bar.  The menu is basically bar food - wings, burgers, fried appetizers, etc.  Food is reasonably priced and good.  They have great drink prices - $2.25 draft and $2.75 bottles of beer.  A great local hangout.  It's a basic sports bar and the music is loud.  They have video games.  If you live in Fletcher Heights you can walk there, which is definitely a plus if you want to hang out for a while and have a few drinks.
1	A place that has potential!  Great burgers, happy hour specials and atmosphere but the service lacks!  The service is so bad, that alone will prevent me from coming back.
4	Great burgers and tasty wings. Great nighborhood sports bar.
5	Happened to find this place on Sunday when I was going to Panda Express. We stopped in to watch the Sunday playoff games and we were extremely happy.The happy specials were decent and the food we ordered was good, especially for bar food, and it was a nice clean crowd.We just moved to the are and we'll definitely be back.
3	Pretty fun place to hang out and grab a few drinks....depending on who your waitress is.Roxxey is great; personable and prompt, making frequent stops to see if we needed anything.  Unfortunately Roxxey's shift was ending and she asked us if we'd be willing to cash out, which we did.  We then got Stephani, who is not only a crummy waitress, she has the bland personality to match.  She'd walk by us several times, not stopping in to see if we needed anything.  When we did ask, she acted as if we were inconveniencing her.Food was also just ok.
4	This place with the previous bar staff was less than my favorite however Kayla the Sunday day bartender and crew have recaptured us on all of our recent visits. Great place for Golden tee and bfast on a sunday!
5	Denver Broncos bar, so glad I found you. Besides that the food is very good and cooked perfectly.  My son had the Wings and loved them.  I had the pulled pork and it was very good.  No complainst from anyone in my party.
3	Beer was not that cold the 1st time I went here.  Thes time it was cold, so I was happy.  The food and atmosphere are okay.  Some of the table stools are wobbly, which is annoying.  They have an outdoor patio that allows smoking, which my husband appreciates.  Unfortunately, the most memorable thing about this
1	This place is full of local rednecks that only talk amongst themselves. Even the bartender only really talked to the regulars while ignoring the rest of the customers at the bar. It was a slow week day, and it still took a while to get an order of wings, and the beer was not that cold. Things got uncomfortable when the jukebox was playing music that the regulars didn't like, and they made it loud and clear what they thought about that music without respect to people around them. Since this place is a sports bar I asked if they were going to show the up and coming UFC fight. The bartender's response was "The owner doesn't like to show those fight because it draws a different type of crowd in here". So this tells me that they only want to cater to one type of customer. I won't be going back to this place again!
5	Good food good prices friendly staff nice neighborhood sports bar.  Love me some sweet potatoes fries!
4	We stopped in on a whim.  We were dropping of donations at Good Will and it sits right on the corner.  The TVs are massive projections and we thought that watching a game here would be fun.  We only order the nachos and MAN WERE THEY GOOD!!  The waitress (hot cutie bartender) recommended them.   We can't wait to go back.  It's so close to where we live and nice to know there's a great local watering hole.
1	This is a place for local rednecks! I didn't think I'd find em in this neighborhood, but they are there. The bartender was slow and only paid attention to her regulars. The food was OK, and the beer was not cold enough. There was a very awkward moment when the regulars were howling about music other than country music, and they weren't being shy about it. A lot of the other patrons look uncomfortable. I don't recommend this place unless you like to fly a Confederate flag from your F150 pickup truck.
5	very friendly staff, food is very good for its price, and sweet potato fries is awesome!
3	Raunchy. If it wasn't for the decent food and nice staff it would be rated lower. The food was decently priced and it tasted pretty good.nothing spectacular. Once staff decided we weren't ordering drinks they were less attentive but I guess it's expected. The crowd is pretty gross. Groups of olderWomen making out with everyone....everywhere. I was mostly irritated when they tried to include me. Yuck. Wouldn't visit again.
4	Went here yesterday for the first time. Pleasantly surprised actually. Well all had sandwiches and burgers, 4 total. Every one was cooked well, juicy and flavorful. Service was far about average. Food is priced considerably low. Very good value, quality, and portion for the money. TVs are ok. There are better places, but for the price of food and beer, this place is respectable. Another reviewer said this place was red neck. Must have been the day they went on or something. I went during March madness and there was a mix of younger college types and what seemed middle class mid aged people. Staff was very friendly and quick. Bar and table top stools are rather uncomfortable. Bathrooms were clean. All in all a decent bar.
4	Stopped in on a Sunday late evening for adrink and quick bite to eat. It was a little awkward upon first arrival as the bar was dead. There were a handful of regulars and what looked like a bartender who was off shift,doing some type of paperwork at the bar. But the bar tender was super sweet and quick to get us drinks.    Over the next hour about 15 or so more customers showed up, making for a good Sunday night crowd. Food was good, wish they had better drink specials in the late evening of a Sunday, but I will def be back.
5	The Sweet Potato fries are excellent. We actually went here two nights in a row when my father was here. We were working late each night and it was on the way  home. Both nights the service was excellent. Very quick and attentive. The beer was ice cold and the food was really good. We wouldn't have gone back if it wasn't good. It's a cool little place with nice big TVs to watch sports. I will definately check it out when football season starts.
3	Place is a great local watering hole perfect for pre gaming before a night out. Nothing spectacular but waitresses are pretty helpful unless the managers only have one girl waiting tables that night. Cant blame the waitresses but other than that, good food, good prices and a good choice.
5	All right guys and gals here is my review. First of all this place treats you like family they remember my name and my drink and always genuinely ask how I am and about myself and aren't afraid to tell me about their lives. It's nice to come here to get away to a different life. Here's what really gets me the cooks especially Victor is great!! His burgers are amazing!! Also guess what I work at a burger joint "yumm" and his are like I said amazing! He is always happy to meet a guest that is happy with his food. John is the owner you can usually point him out with his happy strut.
3	Came in for happy hour on Thursday for the first time.  The happy hour specials were pretty standard. I was hoping for something a little different than everyone else. The happy hour food specials were pretty bland, again, nothing unique (fries, chips and salsa,  pretzel bites,  etc).The menu looked promising after reading through it. I decided to order the frisco burger and my girlfriend order the wings (medium sauce).The Frisco burger came with sourdough bread (the main reason I ordered it) which tasted like the off brand bread you could get at super market.  I was hoping for a higher quality bread. The burger was cooked well and toppings were good (also included thousand island dressing). The wings weren't very good. They tasted like frozen, store bought wings. The sauce was nothing special. Great atmosphere in the restaurant with TV's AND projectors! I'm sure during football season, it gets rowdy. I'll likely check that out.I'm hoping my choices in food next time will impress me more.
5	This place is awesome. Great food, great service, and great bar/ restaurant atmosphere. We will be back again and again!
4	Came here to meet a friend for a drink, ended up staying for a few.lol.  Overall a chill cool neighborhood bar. Super cheap beer, and they even have Firestone IPA on tap. They serve food late. I didn't rode anything but friend has and likes the burgers a lot. Lots of TVs and lots of space, best of all seems like a good crowd that comes out here. On a Saturday night when I came they were not to buys, but we all had a blast when one of my buddies started playing 2pac on the stereo all night. Ha, I guess I'll come back!
2	If your looking for a real hole in the wall, no help, no service kind of bar than this is your spot. Would have had a 40$ tab but couldn't get help because Christin and the other chick were too busy stuffin their face with nachos. So I would not recommend but if you're looking for a 3$ non happy hour beer with limited selection up to kilt lifter with no service than this is your spot. And as I write this we have rookies barfing in the bath room.
5	I absolutely love the food and atmosphere! The fish tacos are to die for!! I haven't tried anything that I didn't like. The girls are very nice! :-) if you are looking for a relaxing but fun bar and grill, choose the Heights!! :-) they are the top of my list for a good time! It's also a great place for the family! Kid friendly :-) love it!
