5	First motorcycle means the excitement and agony of buying all new gear.  The excitement is getting all this new gear and picking out stuff that suits you or your alter-ego.  The agony part is that I never imagined that there was sooo much to choose from.  Not only are there an array of manufacturers, but a lot of different styles, designs and colors within each. This leads to bewilderment.  But, thanks to a couple of moto buddies, I picked out the right gear for me. Helmet Harbor is the place I bought it from and here's why they get five stars....1) Excellent customer service.  They're small, so they can't always answer the phone, but they'll call back within 24-hours and apologize for not getting back sooner.  They'll stay on the phone and offer advice and suggestions about gear. 2) No tax and no shipping charges!!! I had to buy a lot, so saving a few bucks was sweet.3) Quick service.  I placed an order on Wednesday and had it by Friday just in time for the weekend.4) Easy returns.  I ordered the wrong size in something and had to send it back.  They posted the credit to my Visa the same day they received it. Helmet Harbor will be my go to shop for gear from here on out.
4	Went there to try on HJT CL-MAX helmet that i researched to purchase to protect my precious noggin in case of its contact with significantly harder road pavement. Anyhow, its your typical "Mom-n-Pop" store - Small, friendly, helpful. I was greeted by owner and he helped me around. Since i knew exactly what i wanted it was not much browsing for me, but he did answered all my questions and shown me other products in the store. He was very patient and explained some finer less obvious details for me. Bleah, bleah, bleah - How is the price? BEST price i found for this very helmet online would be 'bout $170 and they had it for $184 in the store, tax and all. Yeah, a few bucks more, but i got to try it on before buying it, service was good, i can bring it bakc if something is wrong, etc and MOST importantly - If no one buys from local places, there will be no local places to go and see, touch, try, etc stuff. And that would sux. So, i pay a few bux more to support rocking local business. Thanks Todd!!!
5	As a newbie to motorcycles, I had no idea about safety gear, but the owner spent about 45 minutes with me explaining how to fit a helmet, the benefits of each type of helmet. the different types of jackets and why you would want each type, the different types of gloves, etc. My head was spinning a bit, but as a result, we bought two helmets that fit well and have performed well for our class.  Other shops have either told us "there are the helments, let me know which one you want" or "this is the best helmet for the money, you should buy this one" (usually $300-$500).In summary, helpful, informative, and good prices. We'll be returning to Helmet Harbor to buy the rest of our gear!
4	Helmet Harbor is a solid locally owned business that is my first recommendation to anyone who wants to buy a helmet. Todd (the owner) can pretty much take one look at your cranium and pick out the right sized helmet. They also carry other protective gear such as jackets, pants, gloves and footwear.  Although the shop itself is small, Todd is very particular about which products make it to the shelves, so the selection is surprisingly good for the space.I like the fact that he will give you his straight-up unvarnished opinion about any product in the store.  There is no "sales B.S." nor attempts to try to land you on the most expensive model.  It's all about your particular needs and what fits into your budget.
5	Fantastic service.  Very knowledgeable and approachable.  Newbie friendly! Will make sure you get the BEST helmet for you not the most expensive.  Have other gear as well as helmets (jackets, gloves).  Can special order with one/two day delivery.  Great atmosphere in the store because its family owned.  Highly recommended.
5	Great locally owned biz, very competitive prices even against online competition and best customer service evar.... These guys know just about everything about helmets and even let you test stuff and have a great return policy... Bottom line... they help you find the helmet you need and want and get you out the door with a smile.  Highly recommended
5	It's been a while since I have been there but when I first started riding I was told to go check this place out.  By the look of their website, one would would think the store would be much bigger and maybe a large chain of stores.  Nope, they have a small suite that is hard to find unless you are looking for it, but it is worth the find.These people were very friendly and very helpful.  I was able to try different riding gear on before purchasing and if it wasn't in stock or have my size or they didn't normally carry it, they were more than happy to order anything in their catalog for me and call me when it was in.I have been very pleased with the products I purchased there and when I need riding gear in the future, I will definitely return!
