3	Friendly, pleasant, comfortable, and reasonably priced -- this place is exactly what it advertises itself to be.  There's free internet in the rooms, a nice basic business center, spectacularly comfortable beds, and a breakfast buffet included in the price of the room.  My only gripe is that the breakfast buffet leans heavily to the sugar-and-carbs side:  muffins, bread, rolls, bagels, danish, cereals, etc.  The choices for protein are a heavily sugared yogurt, pork sausage patties, and some very unappetizing little patties of scrambled egg.  If you are trying to avoid carbs, it's not a good scene.  THat said, there are many good options for breakfast nearby, and everything else about the place is great.
5	I've now been a regular customer of this Hampton Inn for over a year.  It wasn't my choice; the congregation I serve puts me up there.  So I'm not really "the customer" -- the people they really have to please are my employers.That said, this has truly become my "home away from home."  I know the people at the desk by name, and they know me by name.  I am greeted when I come and go throughout my visit.  They are genuinely concerned for my welfare and comfort.  Several of the maids and maintenence people recognize me and regularly check on my satisfaction and comfort.In dozens of nights spent there, my room has always been immaculate upon arrival, and has always been clean when I return in the evening.  If I need something, all I have to do is call the desk, and they do their darndest to help me out.  I once needed a pulpit robe (!) pressed in 4 hours -- one of the desk guys found a way to make it happen.  I know that Las Vegas has many world-class hotels.  I just don't think I will ever stay in any of them, because no luxury hotel in the world features the warm hospitality I have experienced at this Hampton Inn.
5	I have been making business trips to Vegas for the past couple of years now and have finally settled upon this place as a definite home away from home!  I stay for 1-2 weeks at a time and it makes all the difference to be a guest of a house that exudes hospitality.  Many thanks to Stephany, Liberty, and Ms Goodwin who consistently and effortlessly create such a warm, inviting environment for us weary road warriors!!
4	I stayed here just one night for a quick work trip.  I had a spacious suite, two queens, microwave, mini-fridge, couch, and two TVs (not flat-screen).  The room was clean.  The staff was friendly and check-in was a breeze.  I didn't take advantage of the breakfast but it looked good, about what you'd expect for hotel in this class.  IHOP is conveniently right next-door for something more substantial.  If I had to spend a few days in Vegas, this would be a good choice.
2	Positives:Room is clean and not smelly. Wi-fi is free & fast. Free breakfast is decent.Negatives:Lousy sound proofing. You can hear people talking (not shouting) in next room or hallway, which makes me want to move out ASAP. Difficult to get in the motel from South bound Warm Spring Rd.
5	For the money and the quality, you just can't beat staying here. The hotel is clean, the beds are comfortable and we stayed with our dogs and even got an exterior door to our room. The only draw back to the exterior rooms is that they only come with 2 queen beds. we wouldve liked a king. but that aside, the breakfast was pretty good and i must RAVE about the management! I left something behind and they were good enough to go and find it and then mail it to me! (I paid for shipping). I was afraid i would be told   "well, we never found it" as typically happens on airplanes and in some other hotels. The management was very accommodating. I can't speak more highly of them.the only squawk i would have is that housekeeping needs to periodically change the fancy little folded washcloth which holds a bar of soap in the bathroom. We ran out of facecloths and i went to use it - but it was rather dusty - so i decided against it. everything else - perfectly clean.
4	A nice place to stay. The breakfast is good and the coffee is fresh. If you arrive around 6p, they have oven fresh cookies available. The bed was surprisingly comfortable. The rooms were clean. It was about a 20 minute drive from lake mead, but worth it. They do not have boat parking, but the lot was not full, so we were able to park there nonetheless.
5	Love this place!! Everyone is so nice and accommodating.. Great hot breakfast and small dinner, hot cookies yummmmm our 3 kids were happy that makes us parents happy!!! We will be back!!
5	The service here is extraordinary - over the top. I stay here regularly. They really make an effort to satisfy guests.
1	This hotel isn't worth the discomfort and poor customer service. I had the misfortune of staying 10 nights (my options were limited due to a workshop's location).Hampton charged $10 more night than what I was originally quoted. Since I couldn't remember the name of the employee who originally helped me they wouldn't give me the lower rate.Other issues:- hard uncomfortable beds- thin pillows- worn out feel to room & common space (Chipped/scratched: walls, counters & bathtubs)- terrible housekeeping service (didn't always mop floors or take out trash)- desk employees friendly but management has horrible customer service- side entrance card entry rarely worked- room keys don't stay programmed and constantly needed to be reset
4	This hotel was recommended by my daughters friend that has stayed with her dogs and she highly recommended with our dogs. We only stayed one night.Room was clean, bed was great, breakfast hot and delicious, mini refrigerator came in handy with our dog food. The only problem was we forgot the wine cooler sleeve inside the freezer section, I have called them to see if they could send it back to us and they told me they need to ask the cleaning clew to see if they found it, I have not heard from them since. Hotel location was too far away from the strip driving 25 minutes from strip late at night is not fun. Otherwise location was very safe even late at night walking the dogs even though I did see some homeless people around.Will stay again.Thank you.
2	Jasmine was extremely helpful at checkin.  She was very accomodating and friendly.  However when I called the next day to inquire if this hotel had room service, I was told flatly, "no." by a woman at the desk. Room service is a must for me when I'm traveling, so a hotel that doesn't have it alone took off several stars off this review.  Because of this, I had to get in the car and drive out to get a steak dinner, then brought it back to the hotel only to see they have forgotten utensils.  The ones the front desk provided were plastic, and did not cut my steak.  They don't have silverware at this property, either. The hotel is dark and needs an update.  Won't be staying here again. The tactless woman at the front desk earned it 2 stars.  Thank you to Jasmine for her manners and hospitality, however.  If I could, I would yelp her and give her 5 stars.
1	Staff was wonderful and helpful HOWEVER!I am sad to say this hotel's management or ownership is sleeping at the wheel or doing it willfully and just want to make money...I travel from state to state and stay in hampton chains frequently. I am sad to say this may be my last one because I am having more problems with the Hampton brand frequently... I will explain my experience below and farewell goodbye, best I can do is to deprive them of my money and give it to a competitor and so can you!I checked in and my room didn't seem right at first sight. Bathroom seemed almost empty of amenities and extremely minimalistic with some thin overused towels... however that didn't stop me... the AC unit did... it was so loud you had to be dead not to notice it...yet they rent the room and take my money... so sleep tight campaign is all corporate baloney?  then I looked closely to the bead sheet and it became more suspicious. I can't say with certainty that the sheets where NOT changed from the last visitor but when I had my doubts it became a problem. The bead looked like it was made in a hurry to say the lease and I just had to change rooms.Staff was helpful and changed my room with no problem. The new room was acceptable at first sight, I was tiered and went to sleep until next morning when I took a shower and as I stepped out and grab the first towel!!!! OMG... it smelled like a cheese fondu out of hell! Holly smelly feet in my face!... I had to take a shower again and carefully inspect the rest of the thin overused towels to make sure I don't do this again...I am not even going to complain about this as I am leaving this room happy to be out and on my way...Final draw... I am done! ... Happy stay fellows!
5	I stay here when on this side of town, it's spacious clean comfortable.Breakfast is hot fresh and yummm, mon-wens evening they have dinner and drinks 5:30-7pm. (Fresh baked cookies at 7pm) TVs in the room have easy acres to hook up your favorite gaming console an extra plus.The fitness room is good for a little cardio and some free weight dumbbell lifting.All in all a great place to stay
