2	It is tucked into a corner of Matthews, right over the train tracks, and does a big bar crowd on Saturday night. Therefore it has a funky medicinal smell on Sunday. Very small non-smoking section. This is a HUGE sports bar with so-so food.  Every table has a view of several t.v.'s turned to everything from darts to Nascar.Even my 10 yr. old doesn't give this a "thumbs up"!
3	This is a sports bar with sports bar food for people who are looking to watch sports. I think almost every available wall space has a tv (or it seems that way). If you can't find a game they will try and help you out. Don't go looking for a gourmet meal.
3	Pretty decent sports bar. Every inch of wall has a TV, even one in the bathroom. 1.50$ PBRs and a large menu. The food was ok, nothing special. I would go there to catch a game and have a couple of beers. The french fries were pretty good.
3	If the measure of a great sports bar was the amount of televisions on the walls, this place would be amazing.  The tv's are all newer and turned to something sports related.  It's a small restaurant so thankfully smoking is banned because there is absolutely separation between the bar area and "dining room".The food isn't bad either.  I've had the Philly, hot dogs, burgers and they were all pretty good.  Parking isn't bad either and it's close to home so if the drinking gets out of hand, I'm not too far for a ride home.  The only real negative about Kristophers is that it's old.  It just feels old - like an 80's sports bar.  While everything looks clean, its age makes me think it isn't.  That being said, if you're looking for a place to catch the game or any sport, Kristophers is worth a shot.
1	If you want to smell like a stale cigarette & inhale tons of second-hand smoke them this place is for you. The food is actually decent bar food & service is also good. But I cannot go back anymore due to the heavy smokey fog that continuely coats everything in the dining room. The non-smoking section is a joke since the bar overlooks the entire area. Smoke just drifts over. I can't beleive the amount of families that regularly eat here. Once again food & service is actually good but I cannot overlook my health concerns with the second-hand smoke.***Update*** Non-Smoking now but still not worth going.
1	I've always wanted to try this place since it's been around for as long as I have lived in Matthews, but I never had an excuse to go...  Kinda glad I've avoided it until now.  Went here to grab a drink, was not greeted at the door... so we sat at the bar - looks like they have a lot of regulars, but we had to almost had to shoot a flare gun to get our orders in.  After that the bartenders made a disgusted look when the saw our tab and the apparent "tip" he deserved for 2 seconds of twisting the cap off a bottle.I may give this place another try, but for now... bad taste in the mouth will make me think of other places to go before this one.
3	Good serviceable bar food.  A inexpensive meal and better than places like Showmars and about the same price.
3	Kristopher's has been in Matthews for as long as I can remember.  Given that I'm a native to the area, that means it's been around for around 25 years.  If it's been around that long, it must be solid, right?Well, yes it is.  As others have mentioned, it is dark, but that suits their vibe.  There's also a ton of TVs, which can be distracting, but thankfully they're all muted.  Otherwise it would be unbearable.Service is friendly and relatively quick.  When they're slow, they'll have you seat yourselves, but the waiters are always quick to notice when new people settle down.The food is ok.  Not amazing, mind you, but not bad by any stretch of the imagination.  Actually, wait, I lied: the chicken tenders ARE amazing.  By far the best in the area.  You should try those first.However, Kristopher's best quality is beyond these characteristics.  The thing that truly sets them apart is that they're open late!  Until midnight on the weekdays!  If you live in this area, you'll understand why that's special.  Most places in Matthews aren't open till midnight on the weekend, much less on a Tuesday.Yeah, so, Kristopher's isn't fine dining.  However, they're a Matthews institution, and for a good reason.  Where else are you going to go after 8?
3	I've been to Kristopher's a few times; it was the first "local" spot I visited when I moved to this part of Charlotte. You can quickly tell it's an established, casual place that can weather the trendy storms. Yes, it is dark inside. It's not the newest place around, and back in the day dark wood everything was in. They have a split-level dining room, with tables and booths on the entrance level as well as more tables and a full bar up a half-flight of stairs, as well as a roomy patio. Kristopher's is a sports bar through-and-through: sports memorabilia fills the walls, at least on the spots that aren't already occupied by a TV. They pride themselves on having the most number of TVs in the area and I think they're right. My only complaint is the headache-inducing pink lights over the tables. The service is very casual and laid back - all the servers have the personality of someone you feel like you've met before. There are no uniforms here - just non-pretentious hospitality.  The menu has a lot of what you would expect to find at a sports bar - burgers, wings, pizza, chicken tenders (which are amazing, by the way). They also have a page of deli sandwich creations which all bear a sports-themed name, tying into local college sports when possible. All-in-all, the food is okay. Nothing exceptionally grand, but nothing sucks either. Kristopher's is a comfortable place to hang out, grab a beer and a sandwich, and just enjoy the company of your friends (and whatever games are airing on your table's 20 TVs).
3	Good option for bar & bar food in Matthews. Nice TV selection.
5	I was really really surprised to see all of the mediocre-to-bad reviews of this place. I've been going here for several years and wish I had known about it when I first moved to Charlotte! I can agree that the interior/decor isn't up-to-date or anything, so if that's what concerns you most about a place to eat, Kristopher's isn't for you. However, if good American food and friendly service is what concerns you most, I can't recommend this place enough. I had my first Buffalo wing at 21 (yeah, super late bloomer - guess I had a sheltered upbringing). Since then, I have made a point to try wings at just about every restaurant that offers them as a menu option. Kristopher's wings (medium heat, buffalo style) are the best wings I've ever had in my life, no exaggeration. Every single time I've been there the wings have been consistently amazing, so it's no fluke. The rest of the food is decent in my humble opinion, although in the interest of full disclosure - it's possible my love of the wings clouds my judgement of the other food. Anyway, that about sums it up. Oh, the service is always great when I'm there, and I'm not some kind of recognizable 'regular' to them as I don't live on that side of town and visit as often as I'd like. The hostesses/waitresses are always friendly and the service is always prompt. Plenty of TVs for sporting events are icing on the cake.
4	It's been a while since I was at Kristophers. I stopped in on Friday night to grab a beer. The inside hasn't changed much. Still two tiered inside with a large oval shaped bar with plenty of seating. Lot's of TVs. What has changed is the beer selection! WOW! Lots of local craft brews on tap. OMB, Triple C, Birdsong, NoDa & Four Friends. Not bad! Plus plenty of other beers to choose from. I was a happy man with my I-77 IPA.
3	This is a typical sports bar with bar food.  The food was good, seemed fresh and came out hot.  The portions were huge, so be prepared for 2 lbs of fries with your sandwich.  The beer selection is great.  Love the fact that this place has a ton of local beer options.  The service was also very good.  Plenty of TVs with the games on but it seemed like very little TVs were in HD.  Why spend all the money for LCDs when you don't provide the games in HD?  Seems weird for a sports bar.
4	Had not heard of Kristophers until a couple of weeks ago when a friend suggested it for our couples night out (a party of 8). What a perfect setting to be loud and talk s&it to each other! Great beer selection, TVs galore, not to mention all the bar food you can imagine. Our waiter was fantastic, keeping the drinks coming before we could sip up the last of our glass. He even made me a chocolate shake that wasn't on the menu. Will return for another couple's night out for sure.
3	Kristopher's is a divey sports bar located in the heart of Matthews. If you're a raving sports fan like me, it's a great place to go and catch the game with your buddies.  The staff is ehhh... Not overly attentive or awesome.  There always seems to be some sort of drama amongst each other (more of the night shift). (Note:  You should probably not talk badly about each other to patrons.... Doesn't cast the best shadow of your establishment.A big reason of why it gets 3 stars from me is the wings.. Absolutely amazing!  My ex is from the Buffalo, NY area and after eating their legit wings, I took him to Kristophers to make sure I wasn't crazy that they were better than at the birthplace of wings, the Anchor Bar.  He actually agreed that they were better.  So, take that for what it's worth.Overall, there really isn't anything holding me to Kristophers. Maybe if I get a wing craving but other than that... It's so-so. Nothing really unique that gets me coming back.
4	Having just moved to Matthews, I wanted to find a great place to have a beer and watch sports.  Kristopher's is just that.  They have a good local craft selection and a nice hometown feel.  I'll be back.
3	Pretty standard fare sports bar ... not going to blow you away, but also not likely to fall flat on its face.Nice to have a stable place like this in downtown Matthews as part of the town fabric.
4	Went to lunch today and had a good meal.  I enjoyed the $.60 wings and tomato florintine soup.  My wife had the burger.  $1.90 PBRs were on special too!!!  TVs to watch everywhere with all sporting events available if you ask.  Service was good and WR will be back.
4	A landmark in downtown Matthews known for great wings and good beer...and that's all. I was a little confused by the comments about "great service" I've been going here for 8 years, but it is not the service that keeps bringing me back...they have killer wings and sandwiches, and good drink specials. Knowing the service is lackluster,  I usually get the wings to-go for a more enjoyable experience.
3	Pros: 60 cent wings Monday nights, great menu selection, lots of TV's for ball game nights, consistently hot waitresses, laid back atmosphere, decent beer selection.Cons: Loud.  Very slow service on busy nights, some awkwardly located tables between the hostess stand and the restrooms....hope that's not all that's left when you get there, kinda dark and gloomy, lots of gawking locals (well, it is Matthews NC after all), karaoke nights can get very loud and very annoying for folks just trying to sit and dine.If they cleaned up the place a bit (removed some clutter nick knacks from the walls and got HD cable for all tv's) I would consider 4 stars.  Need more wing specials too.  Overall a decent place though.
5	This is our "local hangout" place and the choice we always make to bring guests to when we've taken them to all the fancy places.They have a big menu, the best burger in the area according to my husband!  The sandwiches are huge, varied and come with the second best fries I've had in NC (the first are roosters'). I usually get the 49iner grinder and the au jus is OMG. I could drink it!The daily specials usually don't change and the place us always hopping no matter what day. I've not had alcohol here but the bar looks busy and active.The outside patio is the best shaded place to watch tv or hang out. The staff is always super friendly. Prices are usually 6-10 bucks for sandwiches which feed 2 easy. The Unsweet is good too.The only drawback is that parking can be weird: in back or in front. Who cares? We loves Matthews adorable downtown and you can scoot down the side street to get onto 74.Go! It's a wonderful spot to call My Cheers.
4	We enjoyed it. The food was good and the service was o.k. Good beer selection. Will go back.
5	Been going there since I was 8 years old. The food is always good, the staff is friendly and you'll never miss a game with all the televisions they have there.
4	Went to kristophers last night for wing night. Big fan! The layout of the restaurant was cool, the waitress we had was really friendly.  A nice beer list always helps. Lots of local/NC heavy hittersGot the Jamaican jerk wings (8). Very tasty, good sized wings. Loved the tobasco at every table, made everything better. My only complaint is if it wasn't wing night, it might've been a bit pricey. Will definitely be back
4	This place is definitely not what I expected when going in on a Saturday night. It was very crowded and it's more of a restaurant feel than a bar feel. But perhaps we were there a bit too early. I heard there was karaoke later that nigh but we didn't stay to see it. But who doesn't love a good drinking karaoke session!?  Pros-the bar has tons of drink choices. From martinis, to wine, to a decent beer selection. They also had Jell-O shots? I thought the wine was a great list for a sports bar and they have 26 flavored martinis. I tried the lemon drop and enjoyed it. The food. The food is really good. It's greasy fried bar food of sorts but really good. The portions are huge for the price and you definitely get your money's worth here. Cons-The service. The service is slow and sporadic. I feel like our server was pretty weeded and I feel it showed. I had to get up to ask for a water refill (our nachos had hot peppers!)  but if you go in with bar expectations service really isn't a huge issue. Overall this is a good place for a great night out. Crowds are diverse and it's a good mix.
5	The service is always great and the food is always hot and tasty.  It is just typical bar type food but it's good.  The only downfall is that they pack so many tables in there that it is a bit crowded.  That doesn't keep us from going back though.
3	I never thought much of this place but tried it again recently and it was alright.  Nice that they have Old Meck on tap, the beer is bitchin.  I had their chili cheese fries and they were a fail.  It was like that liquid cheese like the jar stuff by frito lay.  The chili was like real chili and made the fries slimey and wet.  I had wings as the main course and they were good, no complaints with them.
4	The food is always excellent (there nachos are awesome) but there drink prices are a little high which usually turns me off from drinking there. Atmosphere is ok, in my opinion there trying a little too hard with the sports themes and it's usually really dark.
4	They have a hidden surprise on the menu I recently discovered.  Their onion rings are unbelievably awesome!! Nice and thick with just the right seasoned batter accompanied with a special dipping sauce. A must order every visit!!Also a nice beer selection and daily food & bar features. Patio is fun also!!
5	We have been going here since we moved to Matthews 10 years ago. Nothing more to say except AMAZING!!!! I suggest the wings and pizza!
4	I've been to Kristopher's twice and I have to say their (huge) menu has nailed each item I have tried. From sandwiches (Reubens, burgers, Phillies, etc.) to salads, the portions are very generous and reasonably priced. And Kristopher's hands-down have some of the best wings I have ever eaten - I especially loved their Jamaican Jerk wings, which are irresistibly crispy because they are just seasoned in a dry rub (genius and delicious). Did I mention they have fried pickles? The good kind, flour-dredged chips (those battered spears are an abomination and should be wiped from the face of the earth). Forget you, Hooters - Kristopher's eviscerates you in the wings and fried pickles department.
4	Huge menu, great selection of beer and a two page martini list. This Matthews staple is usually fairly busy but the customer service is great, food is good and they have drink specials each night.I got what was basically a French dip with green peppers and onions. It was large and the au jus had decent flavor. The home made chips were very good though they do charge an extra 25 cents for a size of ranch.
2	(2.5 stars)I'll keep it simple: great for watching a game -- they have about 9,000 TV's to tune to whatever you want. The food is meh... Totally typical and unimaginative, and probably from frozen ingredients.
4	Good food, great bar atmosphere with lots of TVs! Beer specials could be better, but certainly not the worst. Outside patio is an amazing space to watch the games.
