5	I needed service on my garage door and searched the wed for a local business. I am retired and worked in construction so I am able to do most repairs myself but felt getting a professional to replace the garage door spring was the smart thing to do. K & B is a first class operation. The service man was professional, quick and neat. He immediately noticed the loose operating chair and show me the evidence of a worn bushing with metal filing inside the door operator. The service man had the required replacement kit on his truck and also installed two new garage door springs. The job was completed in a timely manner at a price that was less than I had expected. Also I was told what the repair would cost before the work was started so there was no hidden issues. Also he repaired my outside remote at no additional fee.GlennBuckeye, AZ
5	I have used K&B Garage doors for many years.  They are prompt, honest and do great work.
5	Very pleased with this company and the team of gentlemen who came to resolve my garage door opener issue. I didn't want to spend too much time researching the various companies so I just resorted to my community handbook which listed K & B Garage Doors as a preferred provider.I called them first thing and Coleman who answered the phone told me he could come the very next day and gave me a three hour window - he even offered a 30 minute call out to let me know that he'd be on his way. I found that to be a very special touch and very rare in today's world....So far I am impressed with them in terms of service, honesty and integrity. The father and son team showed up promptly at the beginning of the promised three hour window after giving me the 30 minute courtesy call ahead, ready to work...The two very courteous men were very efficient and finished their work in a rather short amount of time...My garage door opener sounds actually brand new as it is much quieter than before...All they did was change the gear assembly...but what a difference it makes in terms of whisper quiet operation is quite remarkable...Thanks Coleman and Jay!...True professionals that I highly recommend for your garage door needs...
5	Really guys,  this is no BS,  call K and B garage before you go with any other company.  I checked 2 other companies before receiving a referral from a close friend to call K B garage.   Coleman arrived at my home right on time as promised.   I found Coleman to be very honest,  professional, as well as clean cut.   In comparison to other previous bids from other companies,  I found that K B charges a very honest price for their services.   It's really hard to find honest techs in the garage business.   Scott Litchfield Park, AZ
5	I agree with everyone here!  They were super great!  I set up the appointment, the guys showed up and did the work as promised.  There was a small fee. They had no BS approach. it was simple and cheap.  USE THEM.
5	If you need any work on your garage doors go no further. Call K & B and they willtake care of you. Excellent work, on time service and fair prices. If I need any further service in the future I will call K & B right away.
5	Read previous review first.  The most honest company one can find.   I called Coleman back for another unrelated garage problem.   My spring broke (can't complain, it  lasted 12 years).   I left a message on k and b's voice mail at about  8 pm the night before.   Coleman returned my call bright and early the following morning (new years eve) confirming he could come out between 1 and 3.  Coleman quoted me a very reasonable price over the phone for a (normal)  spring repair.  Coleman called me at around 1230 confirming he would arrive at about 1 sharp.   They had the parts in stock and promptly fixed my problem.   There were no surprise costs.   He stuck right to the price he quoted over the phone.  Which is no surprise to me. The garage door works great.   This was no surprise to me considering their track record.  Since the first time using their services,  I have referred many friends and family to them.   I will continue to use them in the future.
