4	This small unassuming restaurant near the South Side Works serves tremendous breakfast fare. From the delicious frittatas topped with broiled aged provolone to thick slices of cinnamon french toast, everything is a winner here. They're also big fans of Breadworks bread, and most dishes are served alongside thick slices of the toasted bread dripping with butter. They serve sandwiches and a very fine looking prix-fixe dinner. But those will be saved for another time and another review.
5	Yelp hasn't labeled Caffe Davio as a breakfast location but it is the best and most accessible breakfast in the Southside. Wonderful decor and pleasant staff have made me a regular here.
5	Cafe Davio...ahhhhhhh.  I have bben delighted to many breakfasts and dinners here.  First breakfast.  It is not fancy but has serveral nice touches and menu items.....it is less expensive and beats out the local south side  competition as well as the national chains.Now dinner.  The quality and care that goes into the food is remarkable...and the protions are huge!  The menu has a slight seafood bent to it which is nice because Pgh lacks good italian seafood.  The waitstaff is very helpful giving very personal service.   Try and you will be raving!
5	If I am hungry, I head to Caffe Davio. This small restaurant is tucked in between bars on Carson and 25th. Their menu has wonderful italian selections with additional specials available every day (usually a type of fish, a pork dish, and a steak special). I love their grouper and their lobster tortellini. Each entree comes with a salad, bread with dippings, pasta, and biscotti and coffee for after your meal. Please note: portions are LARGE. You will probably be taking leftovers home, which the cheery and knowledgable waitstaff will gladly pack up for you. I have never been there for breakfast, but I heard that it is equally delicious. Things to note about Caffe Davio:It is CASH ONLY.BYOBThe restaurant is small, so make a reservation on the weekend.
5	Best breakfast in Pittsburgh. Hands down.
3	I have been here a couple times and had a pleasant breakfast but my last time there was a hair situation. I went here for breakfast because its right around the corner from my friends house. The place is incredibly small, maybe 7 tables. Although there was a hair in my omelet last time I am going to take all of my experiences into account. I had a the greek omelet which was really good! Spinach, feta, swapped olives for tomatoes. A little on the small side but I'm not sure if thats because I ordered it with egg whites. There potatoes are also tasty. I hate  when restaurants mess up the home fry situation.  The service wasn't the quickest for such a small place. PRO: turkey sausage and egg whites, apparently its BYOB, tasty omelets sans hairCON: slower service, hair in food (server only took off half of the price which was strange but Im not a complainer), a la carte items can add up to an expensive breakfast, CASH ONLY, No website OVERALL: They do have a dinner menu so I would like to give there dinner a chance just because its BYOB ( I can forgive and forget).
4	Good place for breakfastAtmosphere reminds of a small French bistro that also has great service.  The omelets really stand out because they use premium ingredients cooked in a clever way.  My Sicilian omelet contained hand cut grape tomatoes.  Had attentive service  everytime I stop in.
4	Went for late Sunday breakfast. Fresh coffee and baked bread. Good selection of entrees. I had the spinach, feta frittata with delicious home potatoes. The jam was also tasty. The place looks like a cozy, warm coffee house with the kitchen behind the bar. 9 total tables so it is a small place. Attentive service. Only problem is they take cash, but they directed me to the closest ATM. I will come back.
5	Have you been to Colorado? I haven't. I hear it's pretty amazing. I am relatively sure John Denver himself touched down and created Cafe Davio just to give man a taste of the Rockies rolled into the best breakfast you've ever had.Bold statement you say? Well then.. try a hot cup of Joe..the hash browns..the delicious omelets with the more than fantastic blackberry jam on some toast and I think you will agree.Go there skeptical and you will leave more than delighted by your mistake in attitude choice.
5	I went to dinner at Caffe Davio this evening with three friends and all four of us were BLOWN away by the food, service, and atmosphere. Two of us got the filet, one the grouper, and one the daily special of ravioli with shrimp in a cream sauce. We all tasted each others and agreed that there wasnt a thing on the table that each of us wouldnt order as our own entree in the future. My filet was so tender I could have almost cut it with my fork. The light sauce and accompaniments of peppers and carrots were heavenly. The family style warm bread with dipping sauces was sublime. Perfect salad covered in bleu cheese crumbles, peppers, and balsamic was delightful. I think we all agreed that the third course of linguini with shaved parm was the highlight of the meal, despite the deliciousness of the additional courses. It was cooked to perfect al dente texture and coated with the most heavenly combo of their house sauce and cheese. Warm biscotti for desert and including tip, none of us spent more than $45. Our waiter Shawn was delightful, witty, prompt, and endearing. The owner was on hand. The chef was the obvious all-star of the team, and SUPER hot! I'm already thinking about the next time I can go there! Kudos Caffe Davio!!!! Highest acclaments from this VERY satisfied customer!
3	We had a party of 9 for dinner and I'm sure the whole place doesn't seat more than 22, it's that tiny.  I would highly recommend a reservation because my living room is bigger than this entire restaurant.  The portions are pretty large, so bring a good appetite.  I loved the bread with dipping sauce and the salad was great too--very fresh with a great vinegrette dressing.  The pasta was excellent as well with a very authentic, homemade sauce.  Make sure you bring cash, because they don't take credit cards, which was a little embarrassing for one of our guests who only had a credit card.
4	The breakfast menu is sans thrills, but exceptional. The frittata was one of the best I've had in the city. Had to wait a bit for a table, but I'll definitely go back here.
2	Took a very long time for us to be noticed by any employees when we entered. We actually had to walk up to the counter to be noticed.The cooks weren't afraid of cursing (we can hear them loudly from the kitchen) but the food was alright.
2	This update is for breakfast only............  I have had breakfast here many times over the years and it has been great AND a good value.   I admit to only ordering eggs and omelets though.  I also haven't been to breakfast here for at least 6 months.This AM i woke up and wanted french toast.   I knew that Davio's had french toast so it was the only place i wanted to go.  We were the first to be in the restaurant at 8:15 on Sunday AM.  The waitress was friendly and prompt, bringing water and taking our order w/i 5 minutes.  I couldn't wait.Our food arrived 15-20 minutes later.   The egg dish was fine.  The french toast was horrible.   The 2 pieces were very cool (temp)  with a chunk of icy butter on top.  I could neither melt or smash the butter....the toast  was no help.   I pushed the butter aside and poured on syrup.  The cold toast was dry and chewy.  I looked to see if there was any egg on it...the only way I could tell was by the ever so slight cinnamon taste.  Couldn't see anything nor taste any egg.   Fortunately I order 50 cents worth of walnuts to eat.   I did not eat 75% of the toast.Waitress asked if I wanted anew one.  I declined because it took so long to get this one!I don't know if I will return for breakfast..............
5	I've been to Caffe Davio's "brunch" hours several times now and can tell you that the morning fare is equally delicious. Omelets are large, tasty, and accompanied by potatoes and your choice of toast. There are daily breakfast specials according to what is seasonal.
2	I had high hopes for Caffe Davio. You know where this is going to go, don't you?It's a very casual place. You get the feeling breakfast everyday hosts a lot of regulars. Our server was not the friendliest. You know when you get one of those servers that you think hates you... for no reason other than you came into the restaurant and sat down. That was her.I was going between the lox and cream cheese bagel and the salmon omelet. I went with the salmon omelet because I really wanted to try a side of chocolate chip pancakes, since you're allowed to order a single. I wasn't really into the omelet though. I understand the smoked salmon is salty and adding in the capers made it extra salty, but it was just too much for me. The homefries were also disappointing and not crispy enough. I did enjoy the chocolate chip pancake though. TONS of chocolate chips! I should have just been bad and went with the good, ya know?If I went again I'd just go for the lo and bagel combo... or just dig a deeper hole for myself and get the pancakes!
1	We used to frequent this place for breakfast quite often. My boyfriend and I went for a walk on the Southside Riverside Trail and were hungry for breakfast. We arrived and had a 5 minute wait. The restaurant is very small. The waitress was anything but friendly. We had to ask for drink refills and our  "thank you's" were never returned with a "you're welcome". She reached across the table to grab dishes without saying a word. Our omelet and two eggs over easy took 40 minutes. I have always enjoyed the food here, but the long wait for my food and the terrible service really made for a bad experience. Don't think we will start frequenting this place again.
3	I work for American Eagle and Davio is just down the street. I'm convinced it's a front for the mod or something because I"ve never been able to figure this place out. They only take cash and I'm pretty sure the register is a hole in the counter. Having said that they do a pretty good breakfast. As they say on their menu "A diner during the day, the heart of sicily at night". I have never been there at night so I can't validate that but they do a pretty good breakfast. Bring cash...
5	Forget Pamela's. Davio's has some of the best breakfast in the city, a great vibe, and little to no wait. I recommend the homemade jelly, and the happy waitress.
4	I went to Caffe Davio for brunch and loved it. The place as a nice, small atmosphere. Classic diner feel with hip menu, staff. Seemed like the Fritata was the go to and we all loved it. Good mix of veggie and meaty plates. Would definitely come again.
3	I'm guessing the food is good, but have tried coming twice for breakfast at 8am and they were not open. Business hours say 7am-10am each time I've tried.
5	This is the BEST breakfast in all of Pittsburgh.  Service is always good.  Seating is limited but it's worth the wait if you find a line.
5	Fantastic! Stopped in on a busy Sunday morning. The place was packed but we got a table in about 10 minutes. The servers were busy but extremely polite and attentive. The food was phenomenal. There are 9 tables in this place and one chef banging out plates. It was amazing. Little pricey for breakfast but well worth it! Definitely coming back next time we're in the burg!
3	I really hate writing 3 star reviews but...We went for dinner on a Wednesday and we were the only table there for I think the entire night.  Now, that's not their fault per se but it makes you wonder--why are you at all open for dinner in the first place?People give great reviews for their breakfast and, considering the size of the place, I'm sure they're slammed all through the weekend and maybe during the week for breakfast too.  I think if they have something great like that going for them they should stick with it.  Also, the whole decor of the place screams breakfast.  The lighting was bright as hell.  With those beautiful red carpets and the nice classy looking bar they could turn the place into a romantic dinner experience with a few well placed lamps and some candles.  I mean...come on.  I had the filet which was cooked correctly and I tried a friend's lobster ravioli, which was also good.  The fried mozzarella was tasty, the meatballs were not super generous but were also good.  This place definitely doesn't have BAD food but...I was just kind of turned off by the decor.  I will also say this as a positive--the people who worked there were very very sweet people.  The chef was a peach, friendly and talkative, and the waitress was helpful and professional and nice.  If you have something great, don't ruin it by also having something mediocre.  Don't you want those nights off anyways?  I don't think it is cost effective for a business to stay open for 6 covers.  Doesn't make any sense.
5	Came here after a recommendation or two. Thank goodness I did.It's a very small place, but that's what makes it so great. The intimate atmosphere allows the service to be beyond outstanding. Seriously, our cups were never even close to being empty.And the food? Well let's just start with the toast. It was made with some of the freshest bread I've ever had. Just amazing. My eggs, hash browns, and sausage were terrific too.Just a great dining experience in good old South Side. I'm definitely looking to make this a regular stop on my yearly trip to Pittsburgh.
