4	I wasn't sure what to expect when going to a spa that's in the same strip mall as animart, but I was pleasantly surprised. I had booked a massage for Saturday morning. The prices were very reasonable especially for how nice the place turned out to be. After checking in at the front desk you go to the restroom where they have lockers available for you to change into a robe and slippers are provided. The lockers have locks with keys attached to a bracelet that you take with you when you head into the little relaxation room. This room has a gas fireplace and two chaise lounge chairs. I was offered bottled water or hot tea. I went with the tea and they had several varieties available along with granola bars in case you are a bit famished. I liked having this little area to unwind a bit before getting straight to the massage. When I did finally go to my room it was very pleasant. The lights were kept nice and dim with candles burning in the corners. I discussed with the masseuse that I was having a little bit of knee pain as well as some upper back stiffness. She did a great job during the massage addressing my areas of concerns as well as relaxing my whole body. There was a choice of three scents that could be added to the massage oil which was also quite lovely.
3	I thought I'd try a new place for my pedicures.  This place was $10 cheaper than my current place and after going there, I can see why.I chose to make an appointment for the sole soother.. the longer pedi.The nail station and pedicure stations are in the same area as the front desk/reception area.  That surprised me, but didn't bother me.  The receptionist was quiet and friendly, she led  me to the "relaxation room" in the back and gave me a cup of hot water to make tea with.  The room was small but nice, rather cozy.  However the break room must be right behind this room, the whole time I was waiting I could hear the employees loudly talking to each other and laughing.  At this point I started to have second thoughts if this appointment was a mistake.  My nail tech was 5 minutes late taking me to the pedicure chair (she was probably having too good of a time socializing).  The polish selection was very selective, not a whole lot of summer-fun colors.  That was a really big disappointment.  Considering they use OPI, the collection should be much larger... and they could afford to replace the used, almost empty polishes.She sits me in the Chair, mind you she has not smiled at me ONCE... I put my feet in by this time it's close to 10 minutes into the appointment.. she leaves me soak for a good 10-15 minutes.  I do enjoy my soaking time, so that's not a complaint.  She shapes my toes, buffs my feet, exfoliates, then she lets me soak... again.  She comes back applies the mask and leaves me for what left like 15-20 minutes.  Then came the massage, maybe 30 seconds each leg/foot.  I stand on my feet for a living.. so a quick massage leaves much to desire.  I was so disappointed... it's like she used all her time up by letting me soak my feet and walking away.  To top it off, she never smiled at me once during my service.. not even when I was done.  She asked how my polish looked and it looked great, she painted them perfectly but then she sent me on my way.  I know that Rapid dry spray helps prevent smudges but it would have been nice to have 5 minutes to let the polish & lotion settle. (my usual places offers to let me sit in the relaxation room after my service for as long as I'd like)It was an okay experience.  If it weren't for the barely there massage I would have definitely returned.  It's possible I will return but see a different nail tech.  But I have my next pedi scheduled at my usual spa.
4	I randomly found this spa when looking for somewhere to have a pedicure on the far east side. What a great find. The atmosphere is relaxing, no hubbub. My pedi with Sheila was excellent. I'm giving 4 rather than 5 stars only because I have not tried any other services yet. I will be making the drive from far west Madison to visit again.
5	I had a massage at Indulge Spa recently, and it was the best massage that I have ever had.  I go monthly, so I've had ALOT of massages.  I cannot wait to go back!!  My nail experience there has also been excellent.
4	I've been getting regular massages at Indulge for a couple years now. Rachel, my current therapist, does a wonderful job addressing problem areas and giving advice on stretches I can perform at home to help between visits.  Highly recommended.
5	This review is for the massage services and the spa itself.   I have not tried other services yet, but based on my experiences so far I definitely will.I found this spa because I was wanting a last minute massage on a Sunday.  It was a long shot, but ta-da!  Indulge is open on Sundays!  I know that may not matter to most of you, but I LOVE that they have Sunday massage appointments.  I have since gone back 2 more times, and all of my massages have been great.  Kate does a great job working on my problem areas and addressing my concerns. The location itself is quiet and professional.  The relaxation room and lockers in the restrooms are nice and kept clean.  There was a general atmosphere of relaxation as expected in a spa.  I definitely plan to return...often.
5	I woke up in excruciating pain. Unfortunately, it's Sunday and nothing is open. So I came on here to read some reviews and saw this place is open on Sundays. They were actually able to fit me in within an hour of calling with Alamo for a 90 minute hot stone massage. Alamo was incredible! Everywhere else I've gone in Madison the therapists have very rocky movements and it's hard to relax. He was so fluid, moving from one muscle to the next. Definitely on par to the crazy expensive masseuses in LA where I'm from. I will definitely be going back here!!
