4	Scrubs and Beyond = Mecca for nurses (or perhaps anyone else shopping around for medical apparel)!Do you need shoes? Check out their awesome selection of Danskos.Need white lab coats? Plenty of styles to choose from here. Did your multicolor pen happen to fall out of your pocket while you were cleaning up a "code brown" and decided to leave it behind (good call)? Don't fret my friend, that happens to all of us, and Scrubs and Beyond is here to help you!In addition to the above mentioned items, one can also pick up stethoscopes, compression stockings, medical scissors, name badge holders, and a wide range or colors, patterns, styles, with the scrub sizes range from XXS - 3X. Brands include: Greys Anatomy, Urbane, Koi, Peaches, Dickies, Cherokee, and many, many more. This place recently expanded to hold a lot more scrubs, but yet when I went there the other day, they were out of the two items I needed, BOO!  Alas, I forgave them and was able to order what I needed from their online website. Staff is friendly and helpful. Also, depending on where you work, you get a discount, so don't forget to bring your ID Badge!  :)
5	Stopped by around 1 PM to buy white non-cargo petite scrub pants.Amanda showed me the product, I tried it on, bought it.I was in and out in 5 minutes. Prompt assistance. Polite staff. They do their jobs well.Healthcare professionals get 10% off, bring your badge : )
5	Though I work in a doctor's office and was buying for a doctor, ironically, I stopped by Scrubs and Beyond for a Halloween costume. We needed embroidered scrubs, stethoscope and various other medical accessories. Scrubs and Beyond was able to supply all of it. Our only other option might have been to shop online, for perhaps cheaper prices, but they made my job easier and I didn't have to wonder if the embroidering would turn out OK.Nurses, doctors and wannabe medical practitioners, if you want to look legit, shop here. They have a huge variety of scrubs, clothing and beyond to choose from. Who knew Grey's Anatomy actually had a line of scrubs?M.D. not included.
4	Working in a medical office, its sometimes difficult to find that perfect outfit to wear everyday. Just kidding. This store is great! Scrubs, shoes, stethescopes, you name it, they got it.I love how the staff is super friendly and I can be in and out in 15 min or less!The 10% off is awesome too, just don't forget your student badge or hospital badge.
5	When buying personal scrubs, it's hard to find many options outside online. However, Scrubs and Beyond offered a wide variety of options that met my needs.At the time there was a marketed emphasis for recent graduates and nurses, but as a medical researcher, I felt just as welcome looking for scrubs. The staff was very friendly in helping me look for specific features, such as specific pockets or pants without the front tie and only the waistband.I suppose price is relatively reasonable. Besides the $5 sales rack, a standard top and pants pair cost about $20 each, with quality exceeding the generic scrubs found in the hospital. There was a wide variety of colors too. Whether you need a pair of scrubs for your new job or you want to cosplay doctors for some reason, Scrubs and Beyond is a very convenient location for your scrub shopping needs.
5	Picked up some scrubs.Very friendly staff.Great location.Great selection.
5	I've been here a few times now. There's a good selection of scrubs, and always plenty of staff to help. The people are friendly, and the store is clean, if cluttered. They also sell shoes and some medical supplies stethoscopes, badge holders, etc. It's a good place to go if you need scrubs another medical supplies.
5	Good selection of scrubs here, shoes, compression socks and medically related accessories like stethoscopes, penlights and the like.They carry men's and women's scrubs here and in tons of styles. I particularly like the Grey's Anatomy scrubs are they are the most comfortable and fit well. I got two pairs of scrub pants, ear pieces for my steth and some compression socks for about $55 which seems like a good deal.The woman helping me was so nice, she showed me where the items I needed were, started me a dressing room and was great to talk to. I learned that she was also a Nursing student as well! Great store, definitely will be back if I ever need anymore scrubs.10% off your purchase if you have your school or hospital badge on you.
