5	I was there this week twice..awesome food...taste great...and a cool staff ....great job with this new location...dish that you should try stuffed quinoa avocado. .Yummy
5	I just got a Quinoa Stuffed Avocado and added Roasted Chicken to go. It was literally one of the most amazing things I've ever eaten. Huge portion too. I'm trying to decide if it would be weird to go back for dinner. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu. The place smells like heaven too when you walk in. Only complaint, I thought some items were kinda pricey. My meal came to $10.75 and it's on the app menu. But whatever, it was so good it's worth it.
5	So glad to have Viva Chicken in Ballantyne. Food is fresh, service was great. Unique favors, sandwiches and plates and very reasonably priced.
5	Omg Viva Chicken in Ballantyne ! Yay !!!Ive been wanted to try the one in Elizabeth ,but I never had the chance ,because it was not convenient due to construction there. I'm so glad they open one in the Ballantyne area ! I got a take out order and my food was ready in less than 10 minutes ! I got the 1/4 chicken plate and the arroz chaufa.  Oh my god ! It is sooooo good !!!!! The chicken is marinated with an unique seasoning and it's tender. The medium sauce goes perfect with chicken! It's light and a bit creamy and mildly spicy .The infused rice is rice with peas and carrots and cilantro, it's really good, they must use the really good quality of rice because it is chewy ,it doesnt fall apart or mushy like the cheap rice. The sweet plantains is sweet and caramelized perfectly! However the arroz chaufa was just okay, maybe it's because the ginger is a bit overpowering for my taste, but if you don't mind ginger you should be fine.It's good fried rice ,I think I will ask if I could skip the ginger next time. They have a great selection of desserts too, and signature made daily drinks! I can't wait to go back !!!!!
4	Hooray! So glad Viva Chicken opened a location in south Charlotte.They've only been open two weeks and I've been twice. Once for to-go and another for dine-in.Food is just as delicious as I remember from the Elizabeth location. Quinoa stuffed avocado with chicken? I think I could eat this everyday.My only minor complaint is really just to let the owners & staff know (and I'm sure it's because they're new and working out the kinks) when dining in, please don't have your staff check on a table once every 2-3 minutes. I'm not even exaggerating. A few times, one worker was leaving our table after asking how we were doing as another approached to ask the same question. Literally - seconds apart. I know it seems crazy to complain about too much customer service, but that's what we experienced. My dining companion said she'd experienced the same thing earlier in the week.The service at the original location is great - attentive without being overwhelming. I'm certain the Ballantyne location will get it figured out soon too.
5	Amazing food and great service as always!Tried their alfajores cookies today and the tres leches cake ! The alfajores cookie is good, it has a dulce de leche filling, the cookie is crumbly and has a toffee taste. I would rate it a 3/5.The tres leches cake however is amazing, it's sweet ,creamy and moist, it tastes like heaven ! It's so good,OMG! I could not get enough of it ! Viva Chicken is the best!!!!
4	YAY for Viva Chicken!Viva Chicken opened fairly recently in the Shops at Toringdon off of Johnston Road.  It's a great looking and modern restaurant specializing in Peruvian rotisserie chicken, also known as Pollo a la Brasa. Any my oh my, is it good!My hubby and I visited on a Saturday afternoon for lunch and while it was busy, the experience was smooth and the service was super attentive.We shared an appetizer - the quinoa stuffed avocado - it definitely could've passed for an entree.  It was awesome - fresh and savory.  My husband had the chicken soup and it was amazing.  I had a 1/4 chicken with yucca fries and the chicken was so flavorful - the 24 hour marinate was really apparent and the yucca fries was a welcome change to the ordinary potato. We also shared the Pumpkin cheesecake - a perfect ending to an amazing lunch.  We can't wait to go back.
5	This restaurant JUST opened in Ballantyne and already they know me by name in there.  I simply cannot get enough!  I must admit I can eat it for lunch AND dinner!   EVERYTHING that I've tried on the menu is delicious and fresh. The portions are generous and very filling!  The flavor of the rotisserie chicken is AMAZING!  All of the sandwiches, entrees and sides are awesome and they have a wide range of tasty drinks!The service is EXCELLENT!  Everyone goes out of their way to make sure that you're taken care of.  EVERYONE greets you with a friendly smile!The restaurant itself is beautiful and clean & they're always playing great music.  This place is addictive and pleasing to the palate!  I LOVE them in there!Thank you Viva Chicken for coming!
5	My life is  made.I love Spanish food---every kind---and this place didn't disappoint.I ordered the pollo a la brasa with cilantro rice and platanos maduros. The chicken was  so tasty and everything was delicious but...Oh.My.God.The green sauce. Tasted like a Cilantro, garlicky spicy just right thing. It was heaven. I stole my boyfriends and took it home.And the passion fruit tea was ridic.We will def be back.
5	It took me a little while to go in here... It's very close to my house, and therefore dangerous.Those quinoa stuffed avocados though.... Amazing. It's the only thing I've had so far because I can't not order them.  The first time I got them I didn't change them at all, but I always add chicken. I think the balsamic is a little overwhelming, so now I order it without. And it's so good! I can't even explain it. Just the right size, filling, but about $10. So it is a little pricey, but delicious. The people are always very friendly and helpful here. It's a clear your own table kind of place, but someone always offers to take my plate for me and refills my little water cup.
5	OMG!!!!  My new favorite restaurant.  The food is so good.  The chicken is wonderful.  Everything is so fresh and healthy, I love it.  The huacatay sauce is insane good!  I put that on the salad instead of the dressing.  Has a nice kick to it.  The Great sandwich on ciabatta bread is also amazing.  My boyfriend gets the chicken and rice and he's very picky.......he LOVES this place.  Seriously you have to try it.  Its not too expensive and they have a rewards program too.  Food is fresh, delicious, well priced, order is always correct, people are friendly.....
5	Aside from Colombian food, Pueruvian food is on the top of my list for all time favorite S.A. food. I have had authentic Pueruvian dishes so I am not going to say that its 100% authentic but as far as other restaurants in the area,cheese sauce is what makes this dish) and their Rotissarie Chicken, ALL of which were delicious. The services is relatively fast and very friendly. You can order online and pick up! I love the modern and welcoming spin. Great welcome to the neighborhood.
5	Went there for the first time a few weeks ago and the food is awesome. The food was hot and fresh and had great spices on it. The only thing that annoyed me was the lady cleaning the tables was bored and was standing around watching everyone.
4	Went on a friday night and it was almost empty. However the food was very good. I had the great sandwich gf had the inca wrap. Mine was a little on the small side but still good. My gf could not finish her wrap it was quite large. The fries were excellent and crispy style. The sweet potato fries were great as well. I highly advise going here.
