3	When I was a little girl, I used to go to Home Depot often with my grandfather. He was a carpenter and it always seemed like he always had a project (or 5) to do. I think it's because of those childhood trips I prefer to go to Home Depot  when I need that sort of stuff, but Lowe's is far more convenient so we shop here often.Lowe's has friendly enough employees, but some are not very knowledgeable. I had to ask for help finding an item on my last visit, which was my second visit in a matter of just a few hours. The item was not available in the size I needed but the employees kept trying to talk me into buying either a different size or the same item I had purchased on the first visit. Neither of the employees could suggest an alternative item that would work, and the employee that supposedly worked the department was asking questions about how things worked to the employee from another department.... It was frustrating and I ended up leaving empty handed. Prices are competitive with Home Depot. If you go, have a good idea of what you need or be ready to ask multiple employees for help until you find one that knows their stuff.
2	I agree with Jessie B. on this store. Most Lowes' stores tend to hire a few really knowledgable employees and the rest are people just taking money or answering simple questions (i.e. what isle do you keep the Gorilla Snot on?)This store is clean, well organized, and I've run into really fabulous and accomodating employees here. There are so many reasons why you should come to Lowes to do your home improvement shopping, however I have one gripe. My and my husband purchased paint for our bathroom recently, a specific color from an actual color card. When the young man from the paint department mixed our color, he didn't make sure the can was centered and a lot of the dye that makes the color didn't end up in the can, it was all over the rim. We checked out without noticing and got the paint home. He ended up doing other projects and left me to paint the bathroom by myself. Not knowing anything about paint, I cracked the can open and started painting. Instead of a mellow green it was literally fleurescent, startling lime green. My bathroom was glowing like radioactive material. Seriously. It could blind you. Shortly after painting a good chunk of the bathroom, I finally allowed myself to be worried. I thought my eyes had been playing tricks on me at first and had consoled myself with the fact I don't know what I'm doing and it was probably just my bad eyesight. Wrong. My husband jumped when he saw the color and pointed out the dye that was all over the side of the can instead of in it. Insisting that they messed up, he took the can back. His argument was clear: we paid for "Lettuce Alone" and ended up getting something that resembled "Radioactive Waste From A Cartoon." Even though his silly wife used a good amount of the paint, it wasn't the color that they sold us, they obviously messed up and didn't tell us (I doubt the kid overlooked the dye on the side of the can as he sealed it shut). He would like an exchange please. The manager of the department refused and he was turned away. He tried to see a general manager, but they told him they weren't going to waste any more time debating the issue. Paint was non-refundable, even if it wasn't the color we paid for. After calling corporate Lowes my husband got his exchange. But we wasted so much time. I completely realize that under normal circumstances you can't just bring back a half filled paint can and say, "I want to return this." However, the title of the color card was in bold print on the can, and it wasn't this color. Just toss the can in the "Oops Paint" section you have in the back and keep a loyal customer.
3	You gotta compare prices between HD and Lowes.  We have found that bulk items can be less costly at one over the other.  MY MAIN COMPLAINT IS THE HELP BUTTON SERVICE.  Yes, it seems that they have only one staff working two departments sometimes and your wait for help or search party you send out to find someone can take a while.  But then other times they pop up fast.  Now my big complaint is the vocal that is overhead to get someone to your spot.  Really?  Do we need it both in English and Spanish?  Do I need to listen to it in another language, NO!  If you can read the help button and know what it is then you don't need it announced in Spanish.  Plus if you need it in Spanish, they it doesn't mean you'll get anyone who can talk it upon their arrival.
5	I love this lowe's! The people who work here are nice and helpful. The only place I have had issue getting help is outside garden but it is busy there. If you are redoing your floors you should talk to Chad Hood. He is a specialist and will help you find the best stuff for your flooring needs! Go in and ask for him not the lady that works in that department. She will just say things to get you to buy the most expensive stuff in the store. She is pushy but Chad was knowledgeable and made me feel confident in my purchase. I know I will be back for all my little projects!
4	I like this Lowes over any Home Depot because for the most part it's clean and well stocked. Service can be sketchy though...sometimes the check out lines are longer than they should be. But overall if I need anything from a big box home improvement store this is my first stop.
5	Jordan, a customer service specialist, was extremely helpful and nice in making keys. He was chatty and friendly--two qualities I appreciate in a customer service setting. I stopped him, asking him where I could get keys made, even as he was doing something else, and he wasn't irritated (even though he could have been).I have been here several other times as well, and each time it's a more pleasant experience than I would have expected. It's sort of out of the way for most Hendersonites, but I recommend it for a big-box hardware store.
4	Got what I needed and got out pretty quickly.  Anytime I have needed help, they have been quick and professional.  I don't reallys ee much difference between here and Home Depot.  I am sure they have differences on prices but on the small things I have needed there really isn't any difference and I usually just go to whoever is closer.
3	People working at the paint counter always seem incompetent. I go to Walmart for any painting needs I have now. It's also overpriced in my opinion.Management is polite and eager to resolve issues.
2	A few months ago, my guy and I went to this location to pick up a grill... Because it's the season! There was no one really around in the grilling department, so he went off to find someone, while myself, and my daughter (in stroller) stalked by the grill/smoker we wanted (like it was going somewhere.)He first tried in paint, to see if they could page somebody.... that person was texting. He came back to me, and I flagged someone down. We are able to get the grill we want rolled out to us... with some more supplies, we are off to checkout !The woman who checked us out, was very nice, but didn't know what she was talking about. I am a Lowe's card holder, and get the 5% off nonsense. She told us that if we got $20 more in items, that we would receive interest free for 6 months. Sounded fine.. what's $20? My husband runs off and gets a fish basket.She rings up the fish basket, and still, no interest free option shows up. She asks other cashiers, and says the amount isn't right. That we needed another $75 odd dollars to get interest free financing. No thanks.So, off we go. With the grill on a dolly, a cart of goodies, and the stroller. The cashier did not offer to page anybody, and I guess we just didn't think of it. We must have looked funny, trying to manage all this.Struggling in the parking lot, we notice two employees leaning on the wall of the building out front, chit chatting away and relaxing in the shade. Not assisting customers, not organizing things, but BS'ing.... they stood and watched us try and get to our car and load it.When returning the cart and the dolly to the cart wranglers, my fella asked the two employees if they saw us, and why neither of them tried to help the situation.Their answer, Yes, they saw us, but no one "paged" them to help. Unreal.I sent emails and emails to managers, but I don't think that anything really came out of it. I accidentally sent it to the manager on Marks Street, and after waiting for this one's manager to write me, the manager on Marks contacted him himself. I gave the Boulder HWY manager the receipt # and time we came in, and never heard from him again.... Gee thanks.The only reason why we go to this one is because it is so close, and with a new baby, I like to be close to home, in case of.... accidents.
3	Nothing over the top.My daughter and I had to stop at Lowes to purchase a step ladder to put of curtains. I asked a gentlemen in the paint area who was talking with a fellow employee where the step ladders were and I felt like I interrupted them. He quickly responded, Row 18 on the left (I think) and I was on my way. Home depot, IMO seem a little more helpful and I have never felt like I was bothering them. Anyway, it's not a store I would frequent so no big deal. 3 solid stars. Not great but Not bad either.
1	Terrible customer service!!! Went in to try to get an estimate and buy tile and carpet for my entire house. Two employees behind the flooring counter, I'm the only customer there and I got completely ignored, when I finally got one of the employees attention she told me she'd be with me in ten minutes! In any line of work I've been in the customer always comes first! I'm not going to wait around for service when clearly they don't want the business.
3	I love lowes but the service here is a hit and miss. The people in the departments seem wonderful sometimes but the management could use help. The lead cashier was so rude to her staff infront of me I called the store manager who only apologized but didn't seem like she cared. Bad service leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
2	I live close by and go to this particular store for small purchases instead of driving 20 minutes to the nearest home depot on Sunset and Marks. If I ever were to meet one person competent in this store I would be shocked. This morning I went looking for a drill bit,  a Torx 30 bit, the customer service rep in the store said "what is that" I said it looks like a star and I will find it but thanks.... Then he asked me if I needed anything else, I reluctantly said I need a flexible drill bit loader. He had a perplexed look on his face like I asked him to explain the theory of relativity. I said thanks but I got it and got what I needed and rolled out (excuse the pun).
5	Obviously something has changed at Lowes Boulder Hwy after seeing the other reviews on Google, etc. I have been shopping there off and on for a few months because it is close to my house. If I have time I usually go to Home Depot to shop, but the exceptional customer service I have had from Lowes on Boulder Hwy is seriously changing my habits. I have met several helpful employees at this store and today I had the best customer service experience I can remember from two employees in the garden center. Andy and Derek, you have made an impression on me and Lowes should be happy that you represent them. GREAT customer service even in the face of a hot day, thank you and I will be in your store much more often.
2	Where do I start.  I bought a outdoor patio dining set from them at a decent price.    Now I know why.  3 weeks after I bought the glass table top self destructed.  Glass was everywhere.  Thank goodness there wasn't anyone or the dogs outside when it  happened.  The glass on the ground continued to pop and break apart for another 20 minutes.  I called Lowe's to tell them and I was told there was nothing they could do by Nikki and she had me call their product support line.  She also told me they didn't have any in stock to replace it with.  Was she stupid enough to think I wouldn't check?  I went down there and they had 4 on the shelf and a display.  I hate being lied to.  ASCS product support should change their name to "Lack of support".  They were horrible.  Janice, for ASCS, should find a new job.  Customer support is not her gig.  They told me the glass was not warrantied. Hmmmm, when you sale defective glass no wonder.  After waiting a week for ASCS, Janice, to get back with me, when the promised to get back in 3 days, I wrote them an email.  The next day they let me know it was my problem.  Garden Treasure, item # Item # 493700,   patio furniture has defective glass and if you research it you will see it happens all the time.  Not on the Lowe's web site though.  If you look it has a 4 1/2 star rating.  That's because when I wrote a review and said how the glass broke and was straight up honest with the review, it was declined.  Makes you wonder how many others complained about other items they sale and are rejected just to keep the ratings up. The final out come was, after getting the run around for 2 weeks with no outdoor table for the Labor day weekend, I called the Lowe's customer service and David told me to  "just to take it back,  Lowe's has a no question 90 return policy".  Why wasn't I told that in the first place.  This is the only reason they get 2 stars.  Not for anyone at the store, because even 1 star would be a gift for Nikki's incompetence.   Will I shop there again?  Maybe, only because it is close, not for any loyalty.  Any large purchases will be with someone I can trust.
1	We just came from Lowes on Boulder Highway where we were waited on by possibly the worst cashier of all times.  You know when people say this person is clearly in the wrong line of work.  Well cashier S153CW1 899784 is clearly in the wrong line of work.   We had put some rugs on hold to pick up later.  We had received the call saying they were on hold. When we went to get the rugs they had not been put on hold they were just sitting by the back register.  So we got the rugs ($350 worth BTW) and carted them to the front on our own.  Lowes was too busy and we were clearly making them do something the weren't used to and didn't want to (IE Service Their Customer).  So we took our rugs to the counter.  This is where we encountered Ms personality.   We wanted to help by telling them we had gotten our own rugs.  This is when the interrogation started. This cashier treated us like we were such a bother and she was too busy for us even though when we got in line we were the only ones.   If I were the GM of Lowes I'd take a hard look at my sales force because customers are the reason you are open and if you keep treating people like this your sales are surly going to be a disappointment.  We are remodeling our rental and would have spent done it through Lowes.  Home Depot will get the rest of our money.
