2	We really wanted to like Lucille's, really, we did. I married a Southern boy, so as I was reading the online menu to him, he decided he really wanted to go. Unfortunately for Lucille's, we've already been to Bobby Q's and Lucille's just does not stack up.DRINKS: Hubby had an interesting dark beer made by Albita Ale in Louisiana (although our server mistakenly said it was from Mississippi) called Turbo Dog which had some rich coffee tones. I am not usually a dark beer drinker, but I liked it too. I had the sweet tea which was served in a big mason jar with a sprig of fresh mint. It was sweet, but not LoLo's sweet (God love ya' LoLo's, but you're not exactly helping prevent the diabetes!) and that's a good thing. APPETIZERS: Hubby just had to have him some fried okra. I tried two pieces to be a good sport, but the interior texture is something I just can't get over. He thought it was delicious and preferred the mustard dipping sauce over the spicy ranch. We were also served some biscuits (which we both felt were also made with some corn meal and this made them a little tougher) and some "apple butter" which was not really apple butter, but rather some sweetened butter tinged with cinnamon. Not impressive.MEAT: Hubby had the brisket and I had the tri-tip. The brisket is so far superior at Bobby Q's in terms of tenderness. Lucille's wasn't awful, though, and the "mop sauce" which is different from the three sauces that were in bottles on the table (original, Memphis, and Hot & Spicy) was really good, and I usually don't like BBQ sauces. My tri-tip was very smoky in flavor, but rather dry. I asked for it dry (meaning no sauce) and was even challenged to do so by the menu itself which claimed that the true test of good BBQ was having it sauce-less. And so I did. And Lucille's did not pass the test on the tri-tip.SIDES: Hubby had shoestring fries which we both agreed were delicious, and also the peanut slaw, which is a vinegar based cole slaw tossed with peanuts and peanut oil. It also had large pieces of yellow and red bell pepper in it, which made it inedible for me, but Hubby thought it was quite tasty and certainly different from any slaw he'd ever had.  I had the macaroni and cheese and roasted corn. The corn was delicious, but I had no idea it would be on the cob. At Bobby Q's, they roast it, slice it off the cob and serve it in a little bowl, which I prefer. The mac and cheese was an abomination for a place that claims to serve Southern food. I am not sure there was any real unprocessed cheese in it. I have had better from a Kraft Deluxe box.DESSERT: I am glad we tried the dessert because the banana pudding was the true standout. I have never had banana pudding that has not been from a can, so the homemade version at Lucille's was a treat. It had some pieces of fresh banana and vanilla wafers tossed throughout the large serving (more than enough for 2). It was topped with real whipped cream (not Redi-Whip).SERVICE: The service was quite good, attentive but not annoying. A manager stopped by our table toward the end, and Hubby made a comparison between Lucille's and Bobby Q's. The manager said that a few other managers had come over from Bobby's to Lucille's, and implied that something was amiss at Bobby's in the overall running of the place. Whatever that is, it is not overt, as Hubby and I never noticed that there was an issue with food quality or service at Bobby's. We decided that we'll give Lucille's 6 months to work out what we hope are some opening bugs, and we'll return to try again. In the meantime, you'll see us at Bobby's.
2	Me and some of the boys were feeling like ribs after seeing Sweeney Todd.. yeah we're sick like that.. would have preferred meat pies.. ANYHOO.. got there during lunch time.. I'm not a fan of the whole corporate shtick and this place is well.. all shtick.. from the 'leg lamp' to the bottle caps glued on the wall this place is actually more kitsch and not in a good way. I would like to say though that the chair I sat in was SO comfortable that I could sit and stare at all the crap on the walls for hours. I mean seriously, there is tons of stuff on the walls there, dizzying. Being the adventurous one, ordered the fried pickles.. ya know you had to order at least once to say you tried them.. well, I wouldn't order those again.. let's just say I like my pickles firm! I ordered the trip tip salad for my lunch.. not much to say about it.. it was what it was.. overly sweet bbq ranch dressing with a few pieces of tri tip (was very tender) all covered in cubes of cheese. In fact none of us even ordered the ribs *sigh*. The service was super slow though food is priced well and the portions very large. Typical corporate experience not to good, not to bad just ho hum.. will probably not return. Prefer Joe's BBQ for the time being.
1	It is with heavy heart I report that Lucille's, brand new to Phoenix, does not live up to its hype. For shame this place could boast such fine decor, beautiful menus, and pleasant hospitable staff and then char the short ribs to the bone, inedible. If it wasn't for the thick sliced, juicy, fried green tomato appetizer I'd call the place a total bust. The flaky warm biscuits were nice with the honeyed sweet butter, but I know Bisquick when I taste it and I'm sure I've made these before at home. We had high hopes ordering up some blackened catfish, baby back ribs, beef brisket, chicken halves, greens, cheesy grits, garlic mashed potatoes, and a kids meal for the little one with fresh watermelon. First round was the wonderful mason jar drinks, Strawberry lemonade was sweet, fresh and thirst quenching, our muddy waters made with sweet tea and porch lemonade were good enough for three refills a piece. You'll understand however that the refills just had to keep comin' when I explain how the main course turned out.First they served up the catfish. I could hardly see the fillet behind the nearly three cups of potatoes. When I did taste it I realized this wasn't a blackened catfish this was a water filled thin sliced sponge someone left in the charcoal pile. No wonder it was hidden by the taters. Unfortunately, they were a mass of stickiness with dried chives. I didn't find a hint of butter, or garlic for that matter. My partner is Irish through and through and was dismayed. We didn't even bother putting black pepper on them or finishing them at all. I was excited to try the cheesy grits though. My first fork pulled out a warm melting bite and so I offered some to the little one, with some greens to broaden her Northern palate. The greens were fine, but lacking in the advertised apple-wood smoked bacon. It was more like a chicken bouillon broth. She opted not to have more of either. When I went to have more grits the mixture had cooled and was more of a 4th grade science project than a good feeling.Then came the meat platter. The chickens looked delectable and I quickly separated the meats from the bone. The dark meats were juicy, but the skin slipped off in a greasy way. The white meat was far too dry for my taste, but fortunately there were three bottled sauces we could mix together to dredge it through. Of course I believe that in a good BBQ the meat can stand on its own and you shouldn't have to dredge it in sauce to enjoy it. The brisket stood on its own. In fact it probably stood all by its lonesome out on a counter for an hour before it reached our table. Maybe cooking it in a bag instead of a dehydrator would have been a smarter method. Then came the hope of the evening, the lump of coal left to taste was apparently five baby back ribs. I had to saw them apart with a knife to free them from the creosote. The limited meat was not even worth trying to eat despite the three table sauces expertly blended to perfection waiting nearby. We tossed it back on the plate with the bones in disgust.My daughter couldn't determine if her fries were fries or potato chips or onion straws, she decided she didn't really want them. The macaroni and cheese side was a small serving of elbow macaroni which seemed buttered lightly. Her standard is no name instant, the kind you used to buy 5 for a dollar and she was wondering where the cheese was. If I hadn't allowed the poor thing to eat the rest of the biscuits she would have gone home hungry. I will never understand how you can serve a watermelon that isn't juicy. The fruit is 90% water, but hers was an anemic example with seeds. For sure, the place had some fine appetizers and the desserts looked absolutely divine, but we were done before we even got to them and the check was already too high to consider salvaging the meal with a one pound apple pie slice. I cringed when they dropped off a comment card, but in the end I did the right thing and filled it out fair. When I want a great BBQ I think I'll be sticking to BobbyQ's where the St. Louis ribs are rubbed right and then bathed in a sauce you can't stop lickin' and where they send you home with beignets even if you don't order any, courtesy of the house.
3	Yeah it's kitschy, yeah it's an overpriced chain, but Lucille's is still a pretty fun place to eat - especially if you're with a large group. Unfortunately when I went I was on a Lenten diet so I didn't get to try the ribs...so I feel that I cannot comment fairly on the most important part of a BBQ restaurants fare - the BBQ. OK I cannot comment at all. Overall my catfish was pretty good, mine did have butter/garlic and was cooked fairly well (not LA catfish but what do you expect in a desert?). The sides weren't noteworthy.What did impress me? The fact that they had both Anchor Steam and Lost Coast Great White on their beer menu. Mmhmm. It's true.
3	This place is the best barbeque in the valley, but that isn't saying that much. I definitely prefer this place to Famous Dave's or El Paso.I had a rack of ribs that was pretty good, but the pork was cured so much it tasted more like salty ham on bone. My wife had a barbeque sandwich that was good quality. The strawberry lemonade is really good but I'm sure it contains a pound of sugar.
3	Not a bad place all in all. I have been to this BBQ joint two times and both were consistent. Now don't expect to get a small business feel with a 30 year pit master's flavor/texture/style and over quality at the helm of  the BBQ served, but all this considering, this place does have some charm for a "chain" style restaurant. The restaurant itself is cute (large), with a few different seating areas and styles, set up to look as if you were eating at a Southern style home (No not a plantation). I've sat in the bar, as well as in an area that resembled a kitchen of sorts (a little awkward for my taste). Anyhow, the service at the host stand is the one area that is severely lacking and overall sterile, they are mildly friendly as a result of it being their job. But that's the extent. The overall service (server/food runners) both times I have eaten there (once dinner once lunch) was extremely fast ...I mean almost disconcertingly so, but hey I was hungry I guess. The server was nice, and attentive...My better half and I split their porch platter (I think that is what it was called) it came with three meats and two sides for almost $26. The potions would have been too much for one person (in my opinion), but for two it was large enough (there was no waste or take home), in fact there could have been more fries to be honest, they only gave you a handful and I think for what you get $26 is a bit much. Their pricing is high, a rack of ribs is anywhere from $20.95-25, isn't BBQ typically suppose to be relatively affordable (???) and the reason it is often cooked so long is so the tough less expensive cuts of meat become tender and have good taste??? Maybe I am just a Yankee and don't understand BBQ dynamics... Overall, The baby backs were pretty good, the chicken on the other hand is much better, and the pulled pork was, according to my spouse really good; however, on the air of caution if you are a BBQ master and from one of those states that prides itself on BBQ, maybe you'll have different opinions. I will say they have a large libation menu, and their commentary biscuits with honey butter are very good. But I would say this place is a little (slightly) too costly for the quality, but like I said the charm might suck you in, I'd suggest going with a large group (which I will do if I return to this place), you can make a lot of noise and enjoy the sounds of their live Louisiana style band that plays on Friday nights, Now they were good!
3	Went there with a few guys from work a little bit ago (Sorry i forgot to Yelp it :+( ) One of the guys was hyping this place up like there is no tomorrow, so naturally i was excited to go. Boy, was i disappointed. No, no! I knew its a big chain place. And i did not have my expectations jacked up through the roof despite my friend's hype. but boy, ohh boy it was even less exciting then i was expecting. Its hard to describe exactly what is wrong about it, but wrongness is just there. You know what i mean? Its just not as .... succulent? I do not know.Its just not all that great and i am not interested to come back there. "I like! NOT"
2	It's not awful but it's not bad either. It's one of those places where the food and drink menu are both sooooooo long that they kitchen and bar probably have a tough time turning out good stuff conssitently. I do like the spinach dip, brisket and their BBQ sauces, plus there is always plenty to take home and it reheats well the next day. I'm not impressed with the side dishes (garlic mashed potatoes are good but those are hard to screw up). It's an easy place to meet up with friends or bring out-of-town guests/kids. And, I might have to steal the leg lamp ... fra-gee-lay, that must be Italian.
3	I love barbecue.  I love barbecue so much, that I actually spent time learning how to make it at home.  But, every now and then, I get the inkling to have it somewhere else.  While helping my baby sister move to Arizona, I saw Lucille's Smokehouse Bar-B-Que, while walking around Tempe Market Place, and decided to try it.  I should have read the Yelp reviews first. =/The place was packed, so I assumed that the food had to be pretty good.  Seeking solace from 100+ degree weather was really my first priority.  Yes!  I'm a wimp.  I was missing San Diego weather the moment I crossed the state line.  =(Prior to being seated, we saw how big the plates were and between the four of us, split two combo platters:  the BBQ combo and the Porch combo. Each plate ran about $25.  Meats included babyback ribs, St. Louis ribs, beef ribs, pulled pork and a half chicken.  Sides included fresh vegetable medley, garlic mash potatoes, fries and macaroni and cheese.   The chicken, pulled pork and the St. Louis ribs were tasty.  The beef rib and the babyback was just alright.  The side dishes were nothing spectacular.  Compared to other places that I've tried, I wasn't overly impressed.  The price for a plate of food was pretty pricey, even with the portion sizes.  The side dishes were lacking. But, the customer service was great.  Would I go there again?  Not really.  I'm still in the hunt for some amazing BBQ.
2	The valley isn't great for BBQ, but there are plenty of better options out there.  To other chains and even the tiny little strip mall joints.  Lucille's prices their BBQ on the same level of a Wood Ranch so I was expecting high quality meat, sides, and everything else.  Instead, the end product was far far far lower than Famous Dave's (though a dinner at Dave's would have been 30% cheaper for two, and better).  If Lucille's was in Mesa Riverview and not the always busy Tempe Marketplace, it would be out of business.  First the sides:  The beans were fairly bland (and almost cold), shoestring fries were decent, Mac N Cheese extremely subpar.  I had the Beef Brisket sandwich, fiance had the tri tip sandwich.  The brisket tasted like Jerkey.  Worse then jerkey.  I was expecting some tender meat (as brisket should be) not this garbage I could barely bite into.  The tri-tip was good enough.  This place was so just so... ugh.  For one of the more expensive casual BBQ places in town, it is easily one of the worst.
3	Solid BBQ.  Great Southern treats.  Yummy biscuits and Apple Butter!Now the reasons you may want to reconsider:-- Extreme Portions.  This may be a good thing for some, but I found myself feeling very wasteful about half-way through the meal.  There was simply no way I was going to finish, and since I was planning to walk around the Marketplace afterwords - I knew the food wouldn't keep.-- Extreme Prices.  We dropped in with the kids, because we thought it would be family friendly and moderately priced.  Imagine my surprise when I opened the menu.  All the entree's were $20+  Even kids meals were $8 dollars... better mortgage the house if you want to get drinks too!-- Better Options.  Yes, this place is great.  But for the price, I could find comparable spots to eat.  The main advantage to Lucille's is that it is barbecue in the right location (Tempe Marketplace).
3	Excellent tri-tip quesadilla and brisket.  Too-die-for sweet biscuits and honey butter.  Good chicken.  Steer clear of the sweet potato side dish and (what a waste of a) roasted artichoke.
4	Wow, surprised to see all the lousy reviews of Lucille's here. I lived in SoCal for many years and was always a fan of the place, so I was rather stoked when I heard they were opening one here. Now, granted, it's not authentic in a Kansas City or Memphis kinda way, but I have to differ with the poster who opined that Famous Dave's is better....I'm sorry, but ol' Dave can't touch their ribs. Sure, there are some clunkers on the menu, but I've probably eaten at one Lucille's or another more than a dozen times and I've rarely left unhappy. The up-side to being absolutely bombarded with food is that there's bound to be something good on the plate. It's true, if you order the platters you will receive a plate the size of a small child, and weighing almost as much....makes you feel sorry for the waiters, who must get some serious bicep action. Yes, the short ribs suck, but the St Louis style are truly yummy. Burnt fries...? My daughter orders them every time and I've never seen it. The beans? Awesome. Don't know about the strawberry lemonade, but I go for the regular, and it's sweet but quite good. Pricey? Absolutely....not an every-week kind of place.If I was a lightweight city kid or someone from suburbia, I'd have read the other reviews and thought "gee, am I that clueless about BBQ?" But no, I've lived in the south, I've traveled the US and much of the world...I do know good food. So while I don't want to bicker with my fellow Yelpsters (love y'all), I must agree to disagree with you on this one....Lucille's rawks. And BTW....if you plan on wandering around the Marketplace, eat dinner last, and take home the leftovers. (And for the record, I don't know anyone who's ever had room for dessert....)
4	They say they are St. Louis BBQ... but their sauce is not.  It's a California based BBQ joint.  It, however, was surprisingly good!  It is not cheap, but also not really expensive.  Honey butter and biscuits were great!
1	AWFUL, waste of good bbq moneyATE:St. Louis Ribs = dry, like beef jerky, some bones had little to no meat on them.Biscuits and Honey Butter=dry dry dry biscuitbutter was good and had some cinnamon in itGrilled Corn =delicious, best part of the meal (sad)BBQ Chicken = very moist, pretty good, saucyI came here for tender, meaty, saucy ribs and was sadly disappointed.Visit this restaurant if you like jerky ribs and dry biscuits.
2	I don't claim to be an expert on good BBQ.  In fact, I didn't eat much of it until I married my husband, a southern boy.  I've since learned what I like and Lucille's is not it.We stopped in for lunch while running an errand at Marketplace.  First, the lemonade.  I have a sweet tooth, but this was ridiculous.  Does the owner have stock in C&H?    It was very tasty once it had watered down by the end of my meal.  Next, biscuits.  Tasty and doubles as a hand grenade it you attempt to split it open.  Fried green tomatoes.  Not bad, but could have been called "name that vegetable."  Kind of bland.  Potato salad.  I love a good potato salad.  I didn't have one yesterday.  Way too much dressing.  Maybe the same person that controls the sugar in the lemonade prepares the potato salad.  I shouldn't be able to eat just the potatoes and have enough dressing left in the bowl for another salad.Finally, the BBQ.  I had the pulled pork sliders.  I made the mistake of assuming the pork was served dry as there was sauce on the table.  Wrong.  Okay, I can live with that.  On a positive note, the sauce was sweet and spicy and carmelized nicely.  But, it completely overpowered the meat.  What I really didn't like was the big globs of fat in every slider.  There's not much meat in a slider as it is.  Maybe that's why they call it a "slider."  The fat just slides down your throat. Since everyone has a different idea of what makes good BBQ, I wouldn't discourage anyone from trying it.  I do highly suggest lunch rather than dinner as a starting point.  We payed half as much for me to determine I'm not interested in coming back.  What about dessert you ask? Just have the lemonade.
4	I have ate at Lucilles four times. and enjoyed it each time. The biscuits where never dry, the pulled pork was never dry and the wait staff have been good each time. I usually get a meat sampler plate that has half a chicken and you can choose 2 other meats also, the chicken is amazing, moist and tender. I love the grilled corn and the sweet potatoes. (3 meats and 2 sides for $20 it feeds 2 people)The first time i visited i ordered the half sandwich and soup (it was winter) the BLT was ok kinda small but the soup of the day was clam chowder which was amasing and i've been going back hoping to get more of that soup. I plan to eat at lucilles again. I like the live music and sweet tea also.
4	Pretty darn good but quite pricey even though you get big portions, you always have to take a bunch home.  I would like the option to buy less & pay less.  This is smoked meat, NOT BBQ.  Many people try to compare the two but they are different.  Some people just don't like smoked meat & some go in looking for BBQ and they will probably be disappointed.  If you like slow smoked meat you will be happy here. Also, if you truly like smoked meat, you already know to get the meat DRY, not WET.  The individual decides on how much if any sauce to put on.  Try their beef ribs(dry) if you like ribs.  Pork ribs just don't smoke as good in my opinion. I've been here 5 or so times and have never had anything dry, of course we go at lunch time so maybe its just fresher than at dinner (?)
4	I am from Texas, so it is hard to find a BBQ joint out here in Arizona that impresses me, but Lucille's does. The biscuits and apple butter are a delicious way to start the meal. Every time I go I get the beef ribs and hot link. The hot link is the best and the beef ribs are huge and meaty! Their muddy waters (sweet tea and lemonade) and their strawberry lemonade is good and their desserts are good as well. Overall, this is a great restaurant!!! I can only give it 4 stars because everyone knows the best BBQ is found in Texas, but since I am in Arizona, this is an acceptable substitute!!!
4	I have always had great service and great food here. Actually, my boyfriend made me go here when it first opened; I was not too excited about going as I was not a big BBQ fan. But I have converted! I love the stuff. We always sit in the bar area or at the bar. This has become our go-to place at Tempe Marketplace and have brought many of our out of town guests here. Great management ,great staff, great food!
4	The feel of Lucille's Smokehouse is a typical version of a Louisiana bayou shack on steroids as viewed through the eyes of a Wall Street investment banker. Lots of kitch, but charming all the same.The good news is that the food is really terrific! Southern barbecue and home style side dishes that make your tastebuds stand up and take notice. The selection is amazing as well with items like Honey Roasted Peanut Slaw, Southern Braised Green Beans and Creamy  Cheese Grits to please even a grits-hater like myself.The barbecue is wonderful, with full smokey flavor and a nice selection os sauce styles to add if you wish. And they even know how to make REAL southern Sweet Tea without making it taste like tea flavored syrup.Where Lucille's fails is that they themselves like their food far too much. All of their barbecue offerings are nearly $5.00 more than any place else in town. A dinner bill that for us would be about $35.00 else where cost more than $50.00 at Lucille's.Bottom line is if you like really good barbecue and don't care how much you pay, come to Lucille's. Your tummy will thank you, even if your wallet doesn't.*******************************************************************************Not 24 hours after posting this review I received an e-mail from Brad the owner at Lucille's agreeing with me that they were a touch expensive. Saying that it is due to the quality of their meats and the size of their portions. (Which by the way are massive! Our meals at Lucille's are always great but always generate lots of left-overs too! Yum!) I understand these reasons completely of course and wanted to assure all of you Yelpers that while prices may be a bit higher, the food is very much worth it. We keep Lucille's set aside for more special dinning since we cannot afford to go here too often.I was so impressed by Brad's candor in his e-mail that I am adjusting our rating of Lucille's up one star! Thanks for the note Brad.
1	I guess I'll never know how wonderful the food is! I had a rather bad experience with this place, couple of weeks ago. We ordered one of the Ribs combo's & before we could get started with eating, a man pushes a cart load of raw bloody meat & parks it right in front of us!!! This was most unexpected for us since I had no prior warning about this. Apparently we were seated in front of their large barbque grill & had to witness this unpleasant sight. To me, this was more than I could take - looks like carnage! I have stopped eating meat since. The hostess was most apologetic but what beats me is.. when you are ready to be seated, they ask if you prefer the outdoors, an indoor booth or  a regular table. But nobody asked us if we are ready to sit near the grill where they showcase large quantities of raw meat enough to feed a small country! I have requested them to be kind enough to warn their customers - particularly the new one's that may not be well informed about this practice.
4	I loved it! They actually serve sweet tea in a jar. And it tastes like tea and not sweet water. The biscuits are a tad on the sweet side, but still very good. The meat has very smokey flavor without the great sauces they have on the table. The baked beans had a surprising amount of flavor and I thought the greens were good. They are not spicy like our favorite Tampa BBQ place, but they were still excellent. I can't wait to go back and try their desserts. After our truly massive meal sizes, I could not have eaten another bite. Our server actualy thanked us for coming in, and shook our hands before we left. It was an overall great experience. Our only critisims were that okra should be a side, a buttermilk biscuit would be a good addition, and I'd love to order gumbo as a soup .
5	This place is a huge chain restaurant, but they are prepared for almost anything. If you love some big sticky BBQ on your hands then it's awesome.  There are even some really great options without eating BBQ.  They're awesome at accomodating big parties too.
4	I hold a business meeting at  Lucilles BBQ on a monthly basis so I am well versed in their restaurant.I think their food is great!  To be honest, their type of barbecue doesn't float my boat, it's a spicy dry rub, but all of the guys in the group enjoy it!My favorite food on the menu is the garden burger with fresh roasted veggies.  I've also enjoyed the mac and cheese, sliders, salads and more.  I also really like the fried green tomatoes.  I don't know where you can get those in Arizona.The servers are usually a little slow, every time.  I''ve been served someone else's drink when asked for a refill.  (I had diet coke, they gave me someone else's iced tea.)  It takes them several mentions to get drinks or turn down the music.  I don't think our group is that big, only 12, but these guys usually can't get the hang of it.Other than that though, it's good, clean and enjoyable food!
4	Had dinner here last night. The atmosphere is way over the top, to the point that it kind of bugged me a little. The walls are plastered with fake antique signs, small floral prints, painted messages and quotes- It kind of made me feel anxious. There is also a weird gator head at the bar- it's that kind of place. Other than that though the food was amazing. We started with fried okra and it was awesome- nice big pieces deep fried and served with a delicious spicy mustard sauce. Hubby enjoyed the novelty of iced tea served in mason jars. We both had bbq tri tip sandwiches which were very good and not at all greesy, and I loved the spicy bbq sauce. I was a bit disappointed with the braised greens- they were extremely salty and devoid of flavor. Also, the server was ok enough, he just lacked any kind of enthusiasm.All in all it was a pretty good experience and we would try it again.
4	My first impression of Lucille's when I walked towards it was "chain restaurant" and expected to see an Applebees like atmosphere.  Some of the memorabilia did resemble Applebees.  I did feel after I walked in that this place might actually look legit.  I like staring at interesting stuff on the wall while waiting for food or lulls in conversation with my co-eaters.  I must say that they hire very attractive waitstaff as our hostess was very typical of other females around the Tempe marketplace.....attractive!!  I looked through a large menu and decided to stick with my routine of going to the baby back ribs as a meter of how good a BBQ place is.  I then noticed they had different "platters" which offered more of a diverse plate.  I went with the "porch platter" which included a choice of three different ribs, BBQ chicken and a choice of meat along with your choice of two sides from an extensive list.  Baby back ribs and tri-trip were my choices alongside favorites garlic mashed potatoes and macaroni and cheese.  For only $1.50 I added a Caesar salad to my meal.  The waiter offered strawberry lemonade as a good choice of beverage and I went with that.The strawberry lemonade was sweet and refreshing.  Served in a good sized glass jar, it offered a throwback to days when lemonade tasted good and not just sugary.  Unfortunately, it was almost too good.  I immediately got a glass of water so as not to end up drinking 2 or 3 of the lemonades.  I was also on a budget and was looking at $35 as being my "damage" already including tip.  The salad was nothing exciting and I wasn't expecting anything exciting either for $1.50.  Typical side salad and I enjoyed it.  I'm sure ordering the full size salad might be a little more involved.  Maybe they might even throw an anchovy on it.The platter mixed disappointment with delight.  The baby back ribs weren't as tender and juicy as I like.  It was hard to find the sections to cut with my knife so that I could pick them up and suck on those meat Popsicles.  They just sort of shredded off and i ended up eating ribs with a fork (a food sin!).  The tri-tip was good.  Seemed to be lacking that smoky flavor I'm used to when I BBQ my own...seemed more like a very tender steak.  I enjoyed it though and would recommend it.  The chicken was amazing.  So tender and juicy.  There wasn't any left to put in my take home container as I could not resist polishing it off immediately.  The mac and cheese wasn't anything special and I'd recommend not getting it for one of your sides.  The garlic mashed potatoes were better, but dry and not that creamy, garlicky taste you expect when you order them.  It was probably by design, as it contained chunks in it.  A great place for a family dinner or an outing with a buddy.  Not gourmet, but who wants that when you eat BBQ anyways.  The prices can add up on you quick so try not to order too much with your stomach...who am I kidding?  That's the best part!
4	YUM!!  This place has some "smokin'" BBQ  :)  seriously thou...The BBQ was VERY good, tender and tasty.  I had the St. Louis ribs (dry)and the BBQ Tri-tip and was very happy with the meal.  The biscuits and the apple-butter was really good too.  The sweet tea was how it should be, sweet without being OVERLY sweet!  Wife had the Beef ribs and baby-backs and was also very pleased. Father-inlaw seemed to enjoy the pulled pork and roasted chicked too!  It's a bit pricey but lots of food for the $$.
3	Well I heard the food was good here so a couple friends and I decided to give it a shot. We had sat down and got situated. We started off by ordering some fried pickles and they were a lot better than expected. Can't say the same for the worthless biscuits that they only gave us 2 of. Well then after waiting a bit we got our food. But after a wave of servers went around trying to figure out what goes to what table. Is this their first shot at the restaurant business, is there no order to what food goes where. Upon getting our food, seemed our expectations were just too high. It was good but nothing spectacular. The food must have sat under a heat lamp for some time, our gravy was dried, my meat was dried out. All in all I would say go just a little further for a better place with better service at Famous Dave's. The service at Lucille's is just not on par. The servers are under trained and just can't handle the load.
3	Wow.  A lot of comments on this place.  I didn't have quite the variety of eats that others did as I came here really only to sample the BBQ.  We ordered the meal for two, which is a special running perhaps for a limited time.  It came with 1/2 chicken, 8 ribs (St. Louis spares and Babys) and probably about 1/3 lb. of tri-tip.  Add to that a salad, 2 sides, and dessert.  All for $32.  From a value perspective it was a great deal.I saw a review below that took issue to the reference to "St. Louis" style ribs.  Please inform yourself before you go all loco about this being a southern restaurant but St. Louis is north of the Mason-Dixon line.  FYI, St. Louis style spares typically refers to the cut of rib (you basically cut the riblets off the spare ribs), not how they are cooked or seasonings.  It would be like someone complaining about a New York strip steak being served in a French restaurant.  Ok, now that I've gotten that off my chest...Biscuits, salad, and sides (which we got vegetables and the peanut slaw) all rated C+/B-.  While I understand the sides aren't the most typical BBQ side fixins, we didn't want to go too overboard.  Hey, they are on the menu, they should be better.  The salad was your typical crappy house salad.  The biscuits were hockey pucks save for the sweet butter, but I don't think I could have handled greasy biscuits anyways.Ribs - they use hickory to smoke which I'm never a fan of for pork, and I don't know if they use an commercial electric smoker or a wood burning pit (I'm guessing the former), but overall they were above average.  The babys were much better than the spares.  The spares really lacked a smoke ring or good smoke flavor, but the babys were very tasty and moist.  Spares were pretty dry, which is unusual considering spares are typically fattier.  Perhaps they don't move them as fast and they are "held" warm longer as another reviewer speculated.  But the bonus for me was the meat wasn't "falling off the bone".  Anybody who knows anything about good BBQ knows this is a sign of overcooked mushy ribs.  The meat held on the bone and a good tug cleaned the meat mostly off.  Finally someone knows how to cook ribs and stick to their guns with the doneness.   The sauce kind of blew it for me.  Sooo sweet...tasted like a typical Kansas City style sauce.  I'll probably order them dry next time, and moreso to really get a sense of the flavor of the naked meat without the sauce killing the flavor.  I tasted the Memphis style sauce they had at the table, but other than the fact it was too thick, it had good Memphis tomatoey/vinegary flavor and lacked all of the sugar.  Overall I rate the ribs a B.Chicken and tri-tip were really tasty.  The tri-tip was a tad dry, but certainly not enough to stop me from ordering it again.  I wouldn't call it a traditional Santa Maria-style tri-tip, but really good nonetheless.  Probably because it didn't have sauce coating it!  The hickory really complements beef much better.The chicken was probably the highlight of the meal.  Both dark and white meat were cooked perfectly and were juicy.  The sauce was applied sufficiently so that it wasn't too sweet but added to the good flavor of the chicken.  I doubt they solely "smoked" the chicken, as doing so typically yields a rubbery skin, but they could have either cooked it over an open pit or did some sort of hybrid cooking method to give the skin a good texture while infusing some good smoke into the meat.  B+ for the tri-tip, A- for the chicken.Finally, the desserts were mixed.  We ordered the peach cobbler and banana pudding.  The pudding was rich and thick and not too sweet, while the cobbler was pretty brutal.  They use dried peaches which were reconstituted, or at least that is what it tasted like.  It was a very commercial tasting cobbler.  C- for the cobbler, pudding was a B.Overall service was good, and as mentioned good value.  I'm still going to cook my own ribs in my smoker and get a better product (and cheaper).  But for those days I don't feel like firing it up and want a fix, I'll go back for the chicken/tri-tip/baby backs.  All in all, I wasn't overwhelmed, but this restaurant will please most BBQ fans but will leave the true die-hards wanting more.  Ya can't have it all (well, at least in Phoenix).  If anyone feels differently, let me know.  And don't mention the unholy Honey Bears.
2	My husband and I decided to stop here yesterday for an early dinner and arrived around 5 PM. The place was pretty empty, so when the hostess asked us if we wanted a booth or table, I responded with: "doesn't matter really, just a good spot."Well the spot she chose was a booth right next to their big smoker that was as hot as a furnace and radiating that heat big time! Coming in from 113 degrees, I knew we were never going to be able to sit there, so when the waiter came to the table I asked (very politely) if we could be moved. He said he would 'have to check with the front desk' and drifted away. Finally he came back and said we would have to move to a table and we said that's great! And of course he moved us right next to a table with a screaming baby. Payback I guess for asking....Anyway, on to the food...I have to say that I was a little taken aback by the lack of any 'early bird specials' on food or beverages. In this economy even Flemings is doing a great happy hour! We ordered ribs (I had the baby back and my husband had the St. Louis) The waiter said we had 2 sides and I asked for a salad. He said that was not one of the choices, and it would be $1.75 more. OK. So I finally decided on the garlic mashed potatoes and the beans. The biscuits they brought to start the meal were really good with the honey cinnamon butter. But only 2? Come on, be a little more generous. The salads arrived and they were pretty much the stock salad, nothing fabulous. Then the plates came, and I have to say the BBQ ribs were just OK. Nothing great, and kinda dry. And the sides were fine, but nothing to write home about. I don't think I would have been so disappointed if it weren't for the fact that the meal (along with 2 large beers and NO dessert) was $80 before tip! Come on, that is ridiculous. We can eat at Joes or Daves for half that. So....will I return? No, probably not. If I am going to spend $100 for dinner, I can go to the Keg just down the way a little and get a much better meal.
4	Stopped in last night for dinner. Love the mason jar cups :)We started off with an order of fried pickles. Different than your Hooters variety, but good nonetheless. The biscuits were meh, a little too dry for me, even with the apple butter. I had to choose between a messy tri tip sandwich, or what I thought would be the less messy bbq chicken sandwich (I don't know why I didn't think all of the food would be messy). I settled on the bbq chicken sandwich and it was pretty huge when it arrived. I got it with fries as a side. I really wanted to try the red velvet, but alas, next time. I give Lucille's 4-stars because I think it has promise for the next time I visit and have some "real" bbq.
4	I've been here twice for lunch on a Friday. Both times I left happy. I would come back again if asked. First off I love the atmosphere in this place. Such a cute, southern, home-like, relaxing feel. Mismatched lamps FTW!! There's plenty of room on the inside and various different areas to sit in, which makes it interesting each time you visit. I've never had slow or bad service here. The server my first time there not only was speedy and attentive but as I finished their version of an arnold palmer I was asked if I wanted to try a variation of it next. It was incredible. The food was also amazingly delicious. Their fried pickles are pretty authentic in my opinion. Our waitress this time was just as fantastic. She had a conversation with us, she was extremely knowledgeable and put up with our crazy table. The barbeque always good. I have had better luck with the garlic mashed potatoes than the mashed sweet potatoes. As far as drinks the Muddy Waters (non-alcoholic) is fantastic as is a drink I had today that actually involved a sweet tea vodka. Unbelievable.The only downside to Lucille's is that since it's mainly barbeque it has a limited menu.
2	I have been here 2 or 3 times since the place opened.  I love good BBQ, but this place really doesn't do it for me.  To start they give you biscuits with a side of maple (I think) butter which is really very good.  Their ribs are ok and so is their chicken, but I think their brisket is no good at all.  I really really like their grits (probably because I've never really eaten them before).  I would much rather go to Famous Daves or Bobby Q's.  Lucille's portions are larger than the other places but so are the prices.  The service is always very friendly at Lucielle's but also very slow even when they are not too busy.
1	While the deep fried pickles were wonderful, a unique variation using kosher dill pickle spears instead of chips, the remainder of our meal was a regrettable failure. Our remarkably poor service, given the fact that our table was almost IN the kitchen, didn't improve with a comment to the manager. Our server was clearly incapable of handling a group of 15 people, and the manager did little to ease her burden. After drinks, over priced because Lucille's doesn't honor happy hour prices in the dining room, it took almost 45 minutes between asking to have our food order taken, and the waitress actually being ready to take our order.
3	There are many long reviews of this place on here.  I'll make mine short.Good service.  Good portions.  Average food.
4	I'm giving this one a 4 because I first ate at (and found out about) Lucilles at the Vegas location.  Over there it was spectacular - here its just amazing.  They give you so much food its unreal.  You can try anything BBQ you want or ever dreamed of.  You get these amazing biscuits with this butter stuff that is just like candy before the meal, and almost get full just with these.SO MUCH FOOD, go hungry and get ready to be amazed.  Some of the better BBQ in the area.  I look forward anytime I have the opportunity to visit a Lucilles.  Just can't wait till I go visit the Vegas one again!
3	I was here last week for a work dinner. We were doing a team build thing at Tempe Marketplace and this place was convenient. I like BBQ as much as the next guy, but had just started my non-land animal diet. I found few appetizing options for myself. There were some seafood things, but nothing that stood out as possibly being great. So I broke my vow and went full bore into a plate filled with a few different cuts of cow. I had some brisket, tri-tip and beef ribs. The tri-tip and brisket were very tasty and tender. Totally worth it. The beef ribs were good, not great. A little too much fat and not enough meat. Big portions and it came with mac and cheese, which was good, and some garlic mashed. The potatoes were sort of industrialized, but tasty. I left extremely full as did everyone else a the table. Everyone had something different and everyone was satisfied. Overall, not bad, but not great. In a bind at Tempe Marketplace this would be a respectable choice.
4	I love BBQ, and am new to the scene in regards to dining out at different locations trying to figure out who's BBQ makes me the happiest. Lucilles definitely has it going on. Its a large restaurant and its well decorated. PLENTY of seating for all different sized parties.   Blues music playing in the background.  Remarkably, Patrick (my Sunday date guy) and I had no wait whatsoever.  Usually, when I see this place, theres always people waiting outside.  Not this time!they served us a basket of biskets.  um, but only 2 biskets were in there.  um, WHY?  WHY ONLY 2 AT A TIME?  That was annoying.   We didnt like that!!  Why couldnt they have given us at least 4?  They also served us our drinks in Mason jars.  I think thats a southern thing?  I liked it!  Eventually our food came out and I got the brisket sandwich with garlic potatoes and Patrick got the shreded chicken sandwich with Macaroni and cheese as a side.  We passed on desert.Anyways, I would come back here.  It was a decent time had by all.
5	a.went to the barb. recieve quick drink and rolls w/ apple butter ..so yummyc. happy watchin football game and baseball game big screens,great lighting, cool decor on walls, jazz music in backround d. 32$ 2person 3 course meal e. great meat hotlinks, half chicken, briskett, tri tips LIKE BETTER THAN MY DAD MAKES-so sorry popsf. hot towels at the endg. great overall and eating leftovers now mmmmmmmmmmm
4	Went there last night with my homie, and his bro..ordered one of the combos that looked amazing..the bread was off the chain with the most awesome apple butter I ever tasted..the salad was a little small, but I figured the entree would make up for it. I got the tri-tip with the brisket, with fries and mac and cheese...the whole thing was amazing, with a side of the hot and spicy bbq sauce, i was in heaven..could have been a little bigger, I licked my plate clean.
2	In my continued effort to find good barbeque in the desert I stopped by Lucille's for lunch. There were a good number of customers, but it was not overcrowded. The restaurant had several employees working as well. The ribs sounded very good, as did the chicken. I thought I would go with the rib & chicken combo, then I noticed the Carolina baked potato & salad combo. That stood out for me because in Atlanta I used to go regularly to Champs BBQ and always ordered the Hickory Baked Potato. The description on Lucille's menu was similar, so I made my selection.The waiter brought out complimentary buttermilk rolls and cinnamon butter. Okay, he said complimentary rolls, but it was a singular roll. It was a little hard, but edible. Tasted like something you would get from the KFC drive thru. It took several minutes for the waiter to bring my diet coke and I never received a refill while I was there.The meal arrived and the first thing I noticed was the salad. It took me back to 1975 when I good salad included iceberg lettuce and cherry tomatoes. Yep, that's what it was...plus some carrot shavings and croutons. After seeing the purple cabbage, I believe it was the prepackaged salad in a bag from the grocery...inspired by 1975. The ranch dressing continued the time warp. It was very runny - I think from being the final remnants of the original bottle of dressing and they added water to extend the number of servings. Very blah and plain.Another interesting item on the plate was the small watermelon wedge. WTF? The baked potato definitely was not Champs. It was dry, which okay I get that I can pick my sauce for the topping. I chose the dark BBQ sauce. It was good - sweet and molassessy (is that a word?). I took the pulled pork version of the potato and it included sour cream, cheese, scallions and was just okay for me. I ate it, but I will continue my search for a good local BBQ place.Another thing I wouldn't recommend is going there if you are on a typical work lunch. As I mentioned it wasn't overcrowded and there was staff on hand, but the service was slow. The coke took a while, when the food was brought out he asked if it looked okay and I didn't see him again until I was finished and impatiently waiting on the check (several minutes after being finished...)The price for the potato was $9.75 - probably a touch too high for what you receive. There wasn't that much meat on the potato. The coke was also $2.95 - so maybe water would be a better choice. Slow service, slightly higher price and just average potato (below average salad) makes this place just okay for me. I tried it, but I would prefer to go elsewhere.
2	Although the portion size here is big...so it the PRICE! It is definitely pricey and the customer service sucks! My husband is a huge fan of BBQ and likes the smokehouse  recipe that is used but noticeably there is more fat on the meat than there is actual "meat"... Personally, I do like the butter biscuits with their sweet honey butter- BUT they are very stingy as they only serve 2 at a time...so when you ask for more- the waitress definitely takes forever to get more in hopes that you have forgotten your original request....It is somewhat tasty - but for the lack of customer service and overly priced menu: it's NOT worth visiting / making regular attempts!
1	Total disappointed after drooling over the menu I read way too much in.  I wasn't excited about eating at a BBQ place but it was my nieces choice.  Smoked salmon sounded like a good choice considering they smoke thier meats on the premise.  So after all I was looking forward to the meal.  Disappointment #1 they didn't have smoked salmon my first choice.  Disappointment #2 they didn't have the simple syrup to make the drink I ordered.  #3 The fried catfish and shrimp were serverd hot that's the best thing I can say about the entire meal.  HOT not tasty just hot.   #4 My cocktail was strong but far from the drink I expected.   #5 Why play with making mac and cheese, why?   I'm gonna stop counting - the braised spinach was sour , the sweet potatoe mash was pureed yams.  My niece took her chicken home an indication that it wasn't too bad.  She left the sliced beef on the plate.   We didn't order desert ....  We did walk down theb way for cupcakes.   My niece is moving back to California I promised to take her to dinner to un-celebrate her leaving me!  She picked this place, she should probaly question her to decision to leave she's not thinking straight.   The ultimate questions, will I go back?  "N" to the NO!
4	Awesome place with huge portions. I like to go during happy hour and get a few appetizers to make a full meal, full of variety. Love the Strawberry lemonade, love the biscuts, love that Memphis BBQ sauce. So Tasty!
3	I enjoyed the brisket, but at the end of the meal, I really felt like I was getting raped in terms of price. Maybe I'm used to cheaper bbq, but the gouging was a bit ridiculous.The atmosphere is cute and I am more than sure that we are paying for where they are located...That said, I loved the rolls w the apple butter. I have never been a fan of apple butter, but this place has made me think twice now.Service was good, but man, was it crowded...That'll teach me to come here on a Saturday (even though this review is written almost a week later!).
3	I've been to Lucille's more than once.. this is probably visit #3.  I'm not a BBQ fan or a big meat eater.. but the man is.This evening, we decided to subject my little sister and her family to BBQ eatin' out in AZ during our visit.  The place was quick to seat us, but I don't have much to say about the service.. it was slow to go.  We also had kids at our table and they were kept occupied by the various crayons and drawing paper offered.Meals ordered and experience:Jambalaya - Too spicy.  It was like a bowl of cayenne pepper.BBQ Shrimp - Not too bad.. but a bit on the wet side (?)  Fried Chicken & Mashed Potatoes - the hubby enjoyed and LOVED his fried chicken.  Mashed potatoes were delishish.Blackened Catfish - not too bad.. but the collared greens that came with it were way too overdone... maybe that's the way they are supposed to be?  Catfish was MEH.  What more does one have to say about catfish?  It was spiced nicely.. but it still had the "food produced in mass" feeling.Kids Meals - No comment here.  Kids meals are kids mealsThe experience was okay.. I can honestly say that I felt it was no different than going to an Outback Steakhouse, Elephant Bar or similar type restaurant.  The specialty is BBQ.. but I feel they are the "good at BBQ", but "master of none".  So it's a good experience for the hubs who likes that kind of food.Bonuses:  The basket of biscuits with apple butter.  These were very good and I absolutely love them.  I think I should have just ate these for dinner.  The free refills, if you can ever get past the 32 oz jar of drink they give you...But for my sister, brother in law and myself.. It's somewhat forgettable.
1	Attended to hear live music. Second visit. As a place that aspires to Southern cooking, especially BBQ, Lucille's falls far short. Beef brisket was tough; BBQ chicken was ok; sides not so much. And how can you pose as a Southern restaurant and not serve cornbread? Or hushpuppies?Good draft beer selection. Service at the bar was friendly and quick. Live music was good, not outstanding.If you're a fan of good BBQ, then there are much better choices in Phoenix. Avoid Lucille's if you've ever had the opportunity to eat good Southern BBQ. This most definitely isn't it.
1	I walked into here with high expectations.  The decor looked great, they serve the drinks in a mason jar, etc.  But boy, was I disappointed.Did it fill me up?  Heck yeah.  But it was the worst flavored BBQ I've ever had.  Something about it just didn't taste right... I've had smoky BBQ, tender BBQ, dry BBQ... But this was just weird BBQ.  It could have been soaking in curdled shrimp paste for all I know; I just couldn't put my finger on it.And the price?  Very unfriendly.  If you're paying over $15 for BBQ, it better at least taste like BBQ.  I took off an extra star for the unjustifiable price alone.
2	Mind-boggling rhetorical question of the day: Who on earth chooses to have their bachlorette party dinner at Lucille's? My down home girlie girl, who, bless her sweet heart and wonderbread palate, absolutely adores this joint. To start, the service was absolutely atrocious. Party of eight on a Friday night. Annoying? I can see how it could be. More annoying? Losing the reservation and shoving us into a corner designed to seat five, maybe six max. A bunch of elbow bumping, scantily clad chicks all dolled, sipping fruity ass hurricanes and the like. Probably pretty humorous to observe. Not so humorous to navigate.Put on your woo-girl face though because this is a par-tay! Woo!Bring out the mildly scandalous goodie bags filled with penis lollipops, dirty fortune cookies and flavored lube (i.e. the tame stuff). Just scandalous enough send your Great Aunt Esther into a conniption fit. Seriously, if this was the genuine highlight of this meal, it really does not speak highly of the hot garbage being slopped on a plate at Lucille's. Woo!And we wait, and wait, and wait. Bread, finally! Woo!Wait, are you sure you didn't confuse biscuits with hard tack? Because not even the scrumptious honey butter you've got is worth the dental bills incurred from teething this rock. Again we wait, and wait, and wait. Pulled pork! Woo!Hold up. How does a pulled pork sandwich manage to be incredibly greasy and dry as a bone at the same time? Have I slipped into some alternative dimension? Is it opposite day? Because if so, this shit is finger-lickin' good. You best slop on that BBQ sauce to add some semblance of flavor to the sandwich and hope it doesn't soak through the bun in 2.5 seconds flat. Worst pulled pork sandwich I have ever eaten. Hands down. The garlicky mashed potatoes as a side were the only saving grace of the meal.I seriously have no idea how this place stays in business. If it were not for the over abundance of low swingin' crotch fruit I brought to the party, dinner here would have tanked, hard and fast. It was awkward, drawn out (3 hours!) and ridiculously expensive. The best part about the experience was walking out the door. Woo!
2	I am fan of the pulled pork sliders and the biscuits with honey butter.  The service has never really been good and they are not very accommodating.  Let me explain a little... like I said I like the pulled pork sliders... they come with 3 sliders and a side.  I asked if i could get 2 pulled pork and one beef brisket slider??? That was a big fat NO!  Strange since they are the same price.  They like to stay strict with that menu:).  I have definitely had better bbq other places.
4	Went back last evening and took some friends for their 1st visit and was again pretty tasty.  We did get some large appitizer platter that I would not get again.  You get large enough portions you really don't need it and it was just OK.  The BBQ / Smoked Tri-tip was again really tasty and the ribs (dry thank you) were again really good.  My friend could not stop talking about the Chicken sandwich he got.
3	The most fantastically average barbecue in the Valley is at Lucille's.It started out promising: they brew their own beer! Yes please! But like everything else we ordered that night, flavor was lacking. Like a similar chain restaurant that rhymes with "Blame Bumper", there's plenty of everything, but nothing you'd describe as "delicious". Nothing you remember, nothing you crave.The high notes were the deep-fried pickles, the hot and spicy sauce and the banana pudding. As many, many others pointed out, the meat was dry.I really hate writing this sentence, because our server was an absolute sweetheart -- but if you take a customer's drink away to refill it, it needs to come back to the customer within a minute. My server forgot my refill and I was left without anything to drink while my mouth was on fire from the hot and spicy sauce. I know it's all "teamwork service", but I couldn't find anyone to help me with this during my entire main course.Here is how Lucille's can improve:1. More servers. If you spend money on just one thing, make it more servers. They were stretched thin.2. Better ingredients. If you're going to invest in an enormous indoor smoker (and yes, folks, they use real wood, I watched them stoke it) then invest in some quality meat.3. Smaller portions of better food wouldn't disappoint me. There are only one or two places with really outstanding barbecue in the Phoenix area, plenty of room to compete on quality.
3	Seems like a chain restaurant trying to model itself as a cute Southern BBQ joint, which it is not. Yeah, they give you a big mason jar to drink out of and biscuits with apple butter to start off. I recognized the biscuit but couldn't figure out what the sparkly stuff was on it, which turned out to be sugar. At first I didn't know what the apple butter was. Even after eating it, I later asked the server what was in it. The biscuit was dry and the combo was not Southern style.Lucilles has Tri-Tip all over their menu. That made me chuckle because if Southerners knew where Tri-Tip originated from, you'd probably get shot. Stick to your Santa Barbara roots Lucille.  I ordered the pulled pork sandwich and it was delicious!!! My server recommened the Memphis style BBQ sauce and he was right - an excellent combination with the pulled pork.  The fries were nothing to write home about. I would have wanted fried okra with my meal, but that option is only available as an appetizer and not a side order. WTF?I went for the peach cobbler for desert. I couldn't tell it was made with peaches. It seemed like a sweetened mass with a crumbly topping. Good cobbler is not that hard to make, not sure why the follow through wasn't there. I wouldn't mind trying this place again. They smoke their own meats and they did well with my pulled pork. The rest of the meal was a little lacking. If the price for the main dishes weren't higher than giraffe tail, I'd come back again, but sorry Lucilles isn't on my return list.The staff was friendly and I was able to get a weak wifi signal. Bathrooms were somewhat clean.
4	Don't think my rating has changed since the first time I reviewed. I've been here twice since then, once for a birthday and the other for a date with an old friend of mine. On this last time, I had the tri tip sandwich, and the two of us shared some fried pickles and spinach and cheese dip. We also each got a Hurricane, as suggested by our waitress, and ended the night with banana pudding and bread pudding. Phew! So I had always wanted to try their tri-tip, but never wanting to be up for something messy I got it that night. After putting some bbq sauce on it, it was super tasty! My friend got the brisket, which he had to put half away when he first got it since it was so good and he wanted to take some home. The apps were also good, but I'd never had spin dip without artichokes, so I thought it was lacking. Hurricanes - very good. Didn't realize we didn't get happy hour prices until we got the bill (we weren't seated at the bar), but it was well worth it. And our deserts were tasty as well, though I think the small bread pudding was not very much for the price.
5	I just moved into the Gainey Ranch area and have been checking out my surroundings.  I was having a hankering for some BBQ so I "Yelped" it and found Lucille's.  I am very glad I went.  The service was prompt and very polite; the space was large, clean and appropriate; the menu is huge and most importantly the food was excellent.  I will definitely be going back!!
5	Best BBQ in the Valley!!  Been going to Lucille's since it opened.  I love the pulled pork sandwich and the BBQ chicken salad. We went last weekend for my birthday after we had a bad experience at Notorious P.I.G. in N Phoenix (terrible).  We ordered the super feast.  OMG.  It was $200 but could have fed close to 15 people.  We had nine.  It came with a large salad, biscuits and apple butter, 3 slabs of ribs, 2 whole chickens cut, 2 lbs of different meat options (we got 2 lbs of pulled pork and 2 lbs of tri tip (so delicious - my new fav), 6 sides (huge servings of sweet potatoes, cole slaw, fries, sp fries, corn on the cob and  mac and cheese) and we got sundaes for our birthday.  Everything was amazing and we had a ton of leftovers, probably a slab of ribs, a whole chicken, 4 corn on the bo halves, a quart of sweet potatoes, slaw and mac and cheese, pulled pork and tri tip.I highly recommend this place to anyone.  I have yet to have anything I would not order again.  I would definitely recommend the trip tip and pulled pork.  The ribs are fall off the bone delicious.You will not be disappointed.
2	Gave this place another shot.  The lemonade was definitely much improved, and some of the food was good.  The pulled pork was a little greasy, but the pork ribs were great.  I would be temped to give this place three stars, but not at a bill of $20.  For lunch.  "Overpriced" is still the best way to describe the joint.
2	BBQ has to be one of my favorite foods and when a co worker suggested this place I was all for it.  Living on the west side it was quite the drive but being that I am a BBQ fanatic I had to see what this was all about.  First off Lucille's has a good location.  Its located by Dave and Buster in the Tempe Marketplace.  The look of the place is gimmicky but in a Famous Dave's kinda way.  They have old school signs, mason jars to drink out of, and all the little fake things to make you seem like you have gone to Memphis or where ever they are trying to transport you.The service was absolutely awful.  It took way to long to get drinks and even longer to get refills.  Attitude the whole time.  Here is a tip if you want a good tip bust your butt.  Then you will have more money to pay for your tuition (half the staff is college kids).  And do not roll your eyes when I don't want to try your suggestions.  They tell you they smoke all their meats in house im not impressed.  Now onto the most important part the BBQ.  We had the brisket,half chicken and rib tips with a side of greens and sweet potato fries. The chicken was good.  It had a smoke on it and was tender not real complaints.  The portion size was good.Brisket was dry and you couldn't cut it with a fork.  That tough.  Maybe over smoked?  Portion size tiny.  4 strips maybe 3 or 4 inches long.Rib Tips were dry and covered in sauce.  Hardly any meat on them.  Most places in the valley load you up on Rib Tips when you order they are a cheap meat.  But not this place.  You get a scoop full.  Boo.Collard greens were disgusting.  Cooked in some weird pork parts and they were bitter.  Greens are not supposed to be bitter if cooked right!Sweet Potato Fries.  You can't really mess these up they probably came frozen.  So I would recommend these over regular fries.The starter of a biscuit with sugar on top was just weird.  WEIRD WEIRD WEIRD.  And the biscuit wasn't even warm enough to melt the sugar I mean apple butter. One last thing the house and spicy BBQ sauce's main ingredients are CORN SYRUP thats how they thicken it! seriously that should tell you something.Overall two thumbs down.  Stay away there are plenty of other great BBQ spots in the valley.
2	Lucille's let me down last visit, ok to be honest i was down right pissed. I went with my family there was 9 of us. I knew it would take awhile to be seated with that group and showing up at 7, 30 minutes wait kinda what you expect on a saturday night.we where seated close to 730 placed our drink orders. It took us 30 minutes to get drinks and by the time we did most of the ice was melted, and drinks had to be returned, not to mention i was given regular tea instead of the sweet tea i ordered, I believe sweet tea is a staple when eating BBQ.I shared this huge sample platter with 2 salads 3 meats 2 sides and 2 deserts, yeah i was a lot of food but i hadn't ate since a late breakfast so i was hungry. we got our salad late, about the same time that they sorted out all the drinks, so its close to 8pm. long story short we got out food after 9pm, they didn't seem to care that it took so long for us to get our food like other placed seem to (read my Tempe Dave & Busters review).I don't understand how it can take that long to serve BBQ, its cooked in advance, most of the sides are made in advance, so whats so hard?
3	Lucille's is a mystery to me. It's a coin toss whether I will have a good or bad experience. I have gone and had wonderful service and warm tasty food, and I have gone and had nothing but bad news bears. Lucille's to me is not GREAT barbecue, it is ok, good for Arizona probably, but far from the greatness of most barbecue pits in Texas. I do like the restaurant itself, it is fun and inviting and the waiters each take care of all the guests, teamwork style, which USUALLY means great service, but again, the coin flip.       My recent trip with Kristen and my Mommy went well, we had a terrific server (can't remember his name!), our drinks remained filled and our food came out quickly. The food itself was, again, good, not great, nothing special. The best thing was the fried okra, the best I've had actually, the okra seemed very fresh and was so tasty. I had the southern fried chicken and it was fair, the chicken alone was a little bland, but nothing the peppery gravy couldn't cure, the skin also wouldn't stay on the chicken, which is simply a pet peeve of mine, no big deal. I had sweet potato fries and mac and cheese with it, which were both delicious and I would definitely recommend them as sides. Mom got the Texas style beef brisket and Kristen the pulled pork sandwich, which were both pretty good, but nothing I didn't feel like I couldn't get at any barbecue chain. We all chose the same sides and all enjoyed them very much.       If I'm in the area and want barbecue, I would come here again, but I certainly wouldn't travel for it, I would just pick the closest barbecue chain and be just as happy. So I'm not saying don't try Lucille's, I'm just saying flip your coin carefully.
3	The best BBQ usually is smoked out in a dirty pit dripping with grease and sweat and although Lucille's has the decor of a Southern-style BBQ joint, it isn't...but it ain't bad. The sugar biscuits and honey butter starts out the meal. I liked the lunch special combos although 13.00 is a bit pricey for what was given. I had the hot link and rib combo, which consists of a hot link, three ribs, one side and a slice of watermelon. I thought the portion was good but I wished I had only got the ribs (baby back). There are three sauces (Memphis, Original, and Hot/Spicy) on the table. The Memphis is tangy like a Heinz 57 steak sauce.The service was good and attentive. The sweet tea was not like the best I've had in Texas but still nice to see it offered. Although I have had better BBQ in Kansas City, MO., the ribs will have me coming back to Lucille's for sure.
5	*4.5 stars*Whenever BBQ cravings hit, my husband and I go to Lucille's. We've been here a number of times and rarely do we have a bad experience. I would suggest getting here before you're absolutely starving because there's usually a big crowd and the wait runs from 20 min to an hour+ on weekends (obviously the busiest). The restaurant is sectioned off into several rooms and has a down-home Southern vibe to it, from the old-timey framed photographs and wall art, to the screened "porch" with the shabby chic bench. Once seated, we start off with strawberry lemonade in huge glass mason jars and homemade biscuits with apple butter...so yummy! We usually share the Combo Porch Platter (it has the right amount of food for 2 or 1 REALLY hungry person) with my husband getting the Baby Back Ribs, myself getting the BBQ Tri-Tips (the Pulled Pork and Beef Brisket are good too) and we split the half chicken. So delish!  Also, the nice thing about Lucille's is that there are 4-5 different BBQ sauces sitting on the table to choose from. The 2 sides we normally select are the mashed sweet potatoes and potato salad. I've sampled the BBQ beans, mac 'n' cheese, and the coleslaw and have found all to be sadly lacking.We're almost always too stuffed to get dessert, but when we have ordered, we've gotten the Old-Fashioned Banana Pudding and the Peach Fruit Cobbler with vanilla ice cream. Skip the pudding...it was bland and tasteless. On the other hand, the peach fruit cobbler was heavenly! Sweet, flaky, warm crust with juicy peaches and cold vanilla bean ice cream...mmm-mmm good (drool) So, with a check of around $35 (when sharing the Combo Porch Platter), scrumptious food and lemonade, and left-overs that warm up great at home...Lucille's is #1 in our book.
2	We came here a year ago and everything was surprisingly good.  I returned last week, and everything was surprisingly bad!  She had the combo deal with Chicken, Brisket, and Pork Ribs. I had the Smoked Salmon.  The Chicken was awful - soggy skin, and the brisket was a disaster - tough as anything. Ribs were not bad.  My smoked salmon was really not that good at all.
4	I can dig the BBQ here.  Food was pretty good and portions were just right.  I appreciate the wide selection of BBQ items, but I only ordered two - half CK & Pull Pork and they were both good.  Decor is alright, but I've definitely seen a better BBQ joint or I guess I should say more southern style-like.  It's a chain and I gotta give them a break - "A" for effort.  I really like the porch style seating, but really wonder what it's like during the hot summers hmmm...just makes me skirm when I think about eating and sweating at the same time - Yuck!  I gotta make a come back to taste the rest of the BBQ items for sure!  So if you're craving for some BBQ hit me up! :)
1	My friend who came to visit me several months ago (in tandem with her step-mother, who came for a work convention) attended a corporate conference dinner at this joint, and donated her leftovers to me, which were oh-so-delicious as I was working two jobs at the time, and they'd been sitting in the fridge for several hours.  That's why I decided to give Lucille's a go when I was looking for a dinner spot with a friend of mine a couple of weeks ago.  What a difference the lack of desperation makes.  Lucille's was basically an overly-air conditioned gigantic disappointment, with a hyperattentive young server who did his best, gosh darnit.  The prices were high, to say the least, which is why my friend and I chose to share our meal, a full rack of ribs... with an appetizer of fried green tomatoes (for the kitsch factor, of course.)  I'll just lay it out there, the food was terrible. The ribs had practically no meat on them, and I felt like I was just gnawing on sinewy bones for like ten minutes. It was gross to attempt, and probably worse to watch. The side order of veggies was equally vile, and I don't know how you even mess that up. The whole experience was awkward, our conversation was continually interrupted by the enthusiastic little server, and it was just so damn cold in there that we felt like we were being refrigerated.  I will admit that we both enjoyed the fried green tomatoes, but it just isn't enough to save this place from its well-earned one star review.  To over-charge so horribly for the sorry excuse for ribs that they served?  To subject their guests to the hokey "down-home" manufactured decor when it might as well be an Applebee's? I don't know. It was just all too much for me. When all was said and done, we paid over 40 bucks for this totally subpar meal, and it was just weird.  I'm sure my out-of-town friend had a better time at her stepmom's corporate shindig... but then again, they were all drunk.  I'll make sure I'm good and sauced prior to my next visit to Lucille's... because that's the only way I could be convinced to return.
3	Lucille is great for grabbing dinner if you're already at Tempe Marketplace or if it's after 9pm when so many places outside the mall are actually closed.  I enjoy the ribs there but the sides are very so-so, especially the roll biscuits which really did nothing for me.Price wise, if you go for the rib plates, then it averages about $30 a person which does put it on the high side for the food that you get.  Although you would likely have left over for next day's lunch.
2	Overpriced!!!  Someone needs to teach management the meaning of value...  The BBQ is not bad, but on a lunch special of $13 I got 1 beef rib and 1 chicken leg/drumstick.  Don't even get me started on the iceberg lettuce salads for $11...  Again, BBQ not bad but not worth the price...
3	I like the idea of Lucille's more than I actually like it.It's near where I work so I've been there several times for work lunches. Which is great when I want to sleep at my desk that afternoon. Like most BBQ joints, Lucille's gives you huge portions. Unfortunately, it's not good enough that i want a portion that big.The other day the co-workers and I went there for lunch. I hadn't been in a while so I was looking forward to trying it again. We walked in and were told there would be a wait even though most of the tables were open. Weird. But the bar is open seating so we just grabbed a table there. We started with an order of sweet potato fries for the table. They were actually really good. I do like their sides a lot. So I enjoyed stuffing my face with some sweet potato goodness.For my entree I ordered the pulled chicken sandwich with watermelon. My sandwich was just luke warm and something about the sauce tasted funky. I've liked it in the past but there was something a little off  this time. Luckily I had filled up on fries so I just kinda picked at the chicken. Oh, the sugary biscuits you get with your meal are good too. So really, all the sides are good and the BBQ is just okay. Maybe they should have an option of a side sampler as your meal.Overall, it's good not great. Good for a lunch where someone else is paying, that is.
3	ok so I very rarely give a place only one star. I can usually find something good about a place but Lucille's is a disaster. I love BBQ I will drive all over Arizona to eat it if it's good but I wouldn't eat Lucille's if someone brought it to me at home. First off the service is horrible. Our waiter came by three times once to take our order, once to drop off our food and the check (I guess we weren't allowed to order dessert), and the final time to pick up our check. I paid with a credit card and actually had to go find our server to get my card back! Second the food was terrible. The meat was overcooked and tasted really sugary sweet and the sides were either over cooked or in the case of my mac and cheese the noodles were still hard and crunchy like they hadn't been cooked. It was just an overall terrible experience. So if you would like to be treated like a human being and actually have edible food I wouldn't go to Lucille's.Update: Literally 5 minutes after I posted this review the Owner of Lucille's contacted me and apologized for my experience. He even offered a giftcard which I declined, the gesture alone was enough. I will give Lucille's another try seeing as how they took action after reading the review. I wish more places were as concerned about their customers as the Owner seems to be.I'll review after I've tried it again.
3	Continuing on my "kid free" weekend, I went over ot Tempe Marketplace to return something at one of the stores there.  I suddenly realized that the only thing I had to eat was popcorn at the movie and that was over 4 hours ago.  So, I stated to think about what was at the Marketplace in terms of being "kid free" and having a decent dinner.  I don't mind dining alone but on a Saturday evening when there are lots of families and dates going on, I'd rather not sit in the dining room alone so I bellied up to the bar.  It was pretty empty.  There was one other guy at the bar so I figured the bar tender would see me pretty fast.  Not the case, I waited about 5 minutes before I was acknowledged by someone other than the bartender.  I asked for some water and told him I was looking over the drink menu, not sure what I wanted yet.  Another 5 minutes went by and the bar tender came over, I ordered my drink and he asked if I would be having dinner.  I said yes so he got a menu.  I was somewhat taken aback by the prices.  I thought it was a tad bit expensive.  Since it was just me and I was giving myself a treat I thought, ok, just once.....unless it is just amazing bbq....you never know.  I finally made my decision and ordered 1/2 slab of baby back ribs.....it's bbq and that's usually how I gauge my bbq, by the ribs.  My food came out piping hot.  The roll that was severed with the meal was flaky on the outside and tender inside.  The cinnamon butter was delish and a nice compliment.  I was never asked if I wanted another though.  I dug into the mac and cheese and it was hot and gooey with a nice flavor.  I got sweet potato fries too.....I know, I love carbs!  Wish I didn't but I don't have many vices.  :)  Those were tasty as well, hot and crisp. And now for the ribs. They were good.  Moist and tender, fall off the bone goodness.  The sause had a tiny bit of sweetness to it that I liked.  The Dbacks were playing the Dodgers and not doing so well so I took solice in my ribs.  The atmosphere here is cute.  Down home southern style and comfy.  They had a blues combo playing in the bar and they were pretty darn good I must say.  The music made me feel better about watching the Dbacks loose to the Dodgers.  UGH!  The service was just ok. Considering I was one of just two other people at the bar,   I could have been greeted faster.  I had a margarita that tasted a bit off to me.  And I felt that was pretty expensive too.  The food was good but for the price I can go other places and get something just as good.  In this economy I've got to save my pennies.  I also thought the service was lacking.  I would not have been pleased at all if I had been in the dining room.  But then again, one of two people at the bar and I wasn't greeted with a minute?  Not sure I will go back.....but thanks anyway.
3	So I went back and tried Lucille's again. While the food was not excellent it was an improvement over the last time I was there. I had the ribs this time so perhaps it was just because it's hard to mess up ribs. The customer service was definitely different. I had a very nice server who actually took the time to chat a bit and really make me feel welcome. She was on top of things without crowding me and was just overall very polite. Again this is not super great food but I appreciate the effort and the changes I saw upon returning.
4	I would liketo state that my confedence in Lucille's has been restored, the food has always been consistant and good, the problem i recently had was with service, which was greatly inproved this last visit over a month ago. I decided to head in and have some BBQ before heading to mexico for a week. It was nice to not have the same problem with service, i'm not sure if the patio area still has the problem, as that was the area i had the original problem in, in any case I enjoy lucille's and would go back.
4	I love BBQ and Lucille's is a great place for BBQ. I got the stuffed baked potato today and it was good but a little on the dry side. Especially since I ate here for lunch and I wouldn't expect the potato to have been sitting that long. I love the biscuits and butter and the service is always great.
2	The white picket fences and fake pigs adorning the place doesn't make me feel like in Memphis at a backyard barbecue, but the styling is definitely a bit different than other bbq places.Some food items are good and others are not. Fortunately you're able to mix and match menu items with the availability of combo plates. Unfortunately, the chance of all those items being good is slim.Sauces are good, atmosphere tries to be very southern and the menu offers lots of options.A lot of the food served has more fat than meat though. Portions that should have been cut away are smothered in bbq sauce with the hope you won't notice. There are better barbecue places in the East Valley, much less the South, which is what this place tries to pattern itself after.
5	wth?! why does Lucille's only have 3 stars?! this place is amazingly delicious and I'm glad I didn't read the yelp reviews before coming here.So let's make this short... I got the tri-tip sandwich and mac and cheese since the waiter suggested both. It was amazing!!!! The meat was sooo good, and the sauces were delish. I have never had mac and cheese that delicious in my life. Also, I don't know why people are saying the prices are high.. it seemed pretty standard for a sit down restaurant. Anyways, I'm 8 months pregnant and since Lucille's, bbq has become my new obsession!! I've never had bbq from the south or anything, but I've tried a couple other bbq places around the area and I have yet to find a place as good as Lucille's.
4	Without a doubt the best food you'll find in Tempe Marketplace. The decor is creative, emulating everything that comes to mind when you think of enjoying BBQ on a patio in the South.Nothing about the prices here are outrageous, and the portions...they're freaking huge! Being not much of a red meat eater, I ordered a simple grilled chicken sandwich. I couldn't finish it; there were two whole chicken breats, a mountain of *amazing* fries, and a fat slice of watermelon. Got it with a jar of sweet tea (perfect tea, by the way!) and a Maker's Mark mint julep that knocked me out of my chair. I also sampled some fried green tomatoes when were decent, and even  rib, which was the best I've had in the restaurant.There are some poor reviews for this place, so let me preempt some complaints many of you would have while reading this review."But Taric! The service was slow!"Even though it was busy, the server made my family and I feel comfortable and important. This is a large restaurant in the middle of a crowded urban center, they do their best and you should be patient."But Taric...this isn't AUTHENTIC!"In a land of nothing but Chipotle this and somethingbertos, this is as close as you're gonna get, and they do a damned good job!Quite frankly, this is the best BBQ I've had besides family cookouts. Ignore the yuppies giving it two stars and try it anyway...you won't regret it!
1	So here I am, me and two of My bfff's..just got done golfing 18 holes in 108 degrees. Needless to say we're all starving and thirsty.. After what felt like an hour we finally decided on some BBQ. Now we know plenty of hidden BBQ gems  throughout Phoenix but today we decided on Lucile's. So we get there and be bolt right intothe bar section due to the fact the NFL preseason game is on and it's not packed like the regular dining area. So we get greeted by our waiter, I ask him a simple question " what's the difference between tri-tip and brisket?" he replies confidently, " tri tip is a leaner cut from the muscle in the back, and brisket is a shoulder cut, which has more fat. Both very good'" he added.so I go with the tri tip, my one friend gets the brisket and the other gets a steak. ...out comes the food.. Surprisingly mine looks like the brisket along with my buddies, but mine is cut differently. I ignore the appearance and dig in. I immediately notice the amount of fat throughout each cut. I think to myself " did this fucker mess up my order?" I ask my friends and they just think I'm talking out my ass but I know my cuts of meat and this shit ain't no tri-tip. So I ask a random Waiter what my dish looked like to him and he said tri-tip! WTF?? Hmmm that's weird! Now my friends really think I'm talking out my ass but I knowI'm right, this is not what I ordered. I start thinking crazy thoughts like "is this someSort of tri-tip Conspiracy?" I continue to eat what I did not order flabbergasted.. ..out come the check...the waiter begins passing out the checks since we had them separated. He passes the steak check to friend 1. Passes brisket check to friend 2. Now he passes mine without looking. I immediately open to see BRISKET. I experience mix emotions. I am pissed because I Knew he had fucked up And I'm happy Because I just confirmed I'm not crazy and I reallyDo know my cuts of meat! I notice my waiters name "Tad" and understood why he didn't tell us his name. I bring this conspiracy up to Tad and he stated " I'm so sorry man do you wanna see my boss?" I reply "no thank you". Overall I confirmed the staff at Lucile's do not know there cuts of meat and their bar service is really poor. Eat in the dining room and watch out for Tad bc he sucks.
4	I had never been here before tonight and I'm not quite sure why. I like the ambiance, it's very old diner- like. The service was good. At the end of the meal they give you warm, wet towels which reminded me of flying first class. I ordered the Lucille's cheeseburger with mac & cheese. The burger was one of the better burgers I've had in a while. The mac & cheese was really good as well. I was so excited that we were given spear dill pickles with our sandwiches. I definitely need to come back here and try the ribs. The BBQ smell is intoxicating.
4	Good food, but portion sizes don't make much sense.  We ordered a half of the sampler appetizer, which was HUGE!  It was also very delicous.We had also ordered a sandwich to share, and we were disappointed with the size of the sandwich.  Overall, everything tasted good, though nothing truly to write home about.
1	Sorry ... Maybe my expectations were too high as many folks had told me how great this place was and specifically how great the BBQ was! In fact the BBQ spare ribs may have been the worst I've ever endured and even that might have been given a slight pass had the wait staff been even remotely nice or friendly .... But that was not the case either so we had an awful meal, served by a staff that even a mother couldn't love and for this cowboy, I'll not be back ... Ever!
2	Ordered take out for lunch.  Had the BBQ sampler lunch with pulled pork, beef brisket, and pork ribs.  The brisket stood out amongst the meats and was very good.  The pork stuff was not that impressive.  Overall I felt the food was not great for the price.  Had a beer at the bar while I waited which was very cool.  Decor to entertain.
4	Some of the best BBQ I've had.  I've been to the one in CA and the one in Tempe. I felt the Tempe location had more tender meat.  Their strawberry lemonade is delicious.   One of my friends had ribs which he said was extremely good and the meat fell right off the bone.  I had the brisket and tritops which were out of this world.
4	Met some friends for dinner. The employees showed us their southern hospitality, all smiles on their faces with a hearty  "Welcome to Lucille's". Our server April was always checking on us maybe because the place wasn't that busy compared to when it opened.My friends ordered the Lousiana Pasta and full rack of baby back. I ordered the BBQ Two Meat Combo Platter and my wife had the Jambalaya "Me-Oh-My-A". Either the portions were huge or we weren't hungry....I think it was the later. My friends loved the pasta 'cause he finished it while his wife ate half of her tasty ribs. My wife enjoyed the flavorful Jambalaya and brought half of it home; while I ate half of my 'two meat platter' made of rib tips and baby back ribs. I wish they would have had a 'Rib Tip' dinner 'cause I love chewing on the white buds of cartilage. Everyone enjoyed their meal and the service was fantastic. As KFC says, "it's finger lickin' good". We'll be back.
2	Good Idea, Poorly Executedby bbqBOB2010             I've been going to Lucille's since it opened 3 years ago and it seems to be going further and further downhill year after year. At the beginning, the food was always outstanding and the service was great.    There would always be multiple servers coming around and helping us out. Nowadays, we go in wondering if we will leave happy or disappointed... it's usually the latter. The service is usually pretty good but lately they seem to be too busy and unhappy.The only good experience we've had in the past few visits was a manager named Dan. He was amazing! Always fixing any problems (and there's always at least one) and helping us leave somewhat happy. Other managers just walk right past us or seem to be put-off by having to talk to customers! It's unreal.My wife and I have decided to never eat there again after this last experience. Everything from when we walked in the door until when we left was horrible. The hostess seemed stressed out and confused, the server was too busy, and the food (that took forever) was cold and tough. The only time we actually saw a manager, there were three standing in the doorway to the kitchen laughing and yelling about something on one of their cell phones. It was ridiculous! Immature and unprofessional.Next time we are craving BBQ, we will be at Famous Daves!
2	The service was slow.  Two people had beef brisket with mushrooms was nothing to write home about I had pulled pork and was disappointed. I will go to famous dave's or honey bears next time even waldos
4	Made our first visit to Lucille's on Sat evening and I have to say we had a very nice experience. Service was attentive and food was very well done!   Melt in your mouth Tri Tip with very tasty cheese grits for me. The extra bonus was several creative Veggie choices for my non carnivore spouse.  She's always frustrated by most restaurants casual nod to vegetarian choices but Lucille's had several options to pick from.  At a BBQ place, who woulda thunk it.  We'll be back soon!
4	First time I had Lucille's was in CA a couple years back and was so excited when they opened one in AZ. Great service and great food!
3	I've never been much of a ribs or BBQ person in general. Now I'm a vegetarian, so the fact that I really like Lucille's is a little bit strange, I guess. But their Garden Burger and their Portobello Mushroom Burger are really delicious. The side options are all also really yummy--and vegetarians usually have to rely on sides at BBQ and steak places. The carnivores in my family seem to enjoy all the meat stuff. My son loves the ribs. My husband loves the burgers and the brisket. My parents love the BBQ chicken. The service is usually pretty good--more often good than bad. The worst experience I've ever had there was with our kids and some friends and their small child on a Saturday--apparently live music night--where we got seated literally right next to the band. It made family dinner conversation a little challenging. But, hey, the food was good!
2	Took my beautiful daughter there for happy hour. I have been there before for dinner with my hubby and wasn't too impressed, but it was her choice. So, we sat in the bar at a high top table. One of the main things we like about Lucille's is the funky/retro decor. It is really cool. We would love to have a room like the one with the rattan furniture- my grand aunt DID have one like it with a canary too! I got a Joe's hurricane, it was good. Our waiter, who was also the bartender brought us biscuits. The are good, but not great. They are served with a cinnamon butter, no honey or plain butter, but you can probably ask for some. We ordered a side of veggies which were wonderful! They were green beans, red bell pepper, onion, etc cooked to perfection in a nice butter sauce. They were not rubbery or too crisp, not mushy either, just right! We also got sweet potato fries which came with a garlic mayo, I am not a fan of mayo so opted for the ranch dressing on some or just plain- I like them that way.  The 2 items we got were good, but I am not a fan of their BBQ sauces so would not go there for BBQ.
3	It's a chain that I have never heard of during my trip to Phoenix. It was very tasty food with large portions, so you definitely leave feeling satisfied with your dollar well spent. The biscuits are amazing and the beer list is decent. I am naturally a huge fan of cajun/creole food with a slight a aversion against large chains- but this place wasn't so bad. Service was excellent, cute family-friendly atmosphere.
5	This place never disappoints... The food is great and prices reasonable for the restaurant, not an everyday kind of thing. ..  I almost always come here with my boyfriend when we feel like having a great dinner night out...located right at tempe marketplace, you can walk right to the theater from there. I always order water with lemon at restaurants, but here it has to be the sweet tea...the huge mason jars with mint are a great combo...yummy:) The weekdays are quieter, but on the weekend they have a band playing the blues, so I dont' mind waiting for a table while listening to the music. The place is very comfortable, the staff is always helpful and welcoming.. The smoked chicken pasta is delicious, they used to have a pork chop plate with a tasty glaze and a sweet potato pancake, which was a favorite, but it's no longer served:( I don't know why i'm even mentioning it, but guess we both can't have it anyway, sweet memory i guess...hahaFried green tomatoes very good as well for a starter, if you order the rib tip as a starter you might not have room left for main course,They have huge portions so expect to take some home or share with someone. My boyfriend usually orders the catfish or steak, he's never had complaint- had a few bites myself, they are both really good.. The gumbo and jambalaya are very tasty and spicy, but more hot sauce never hurts....All in all, the place is relaxing, the food is great And the staff is very friendly..
3	This place was pretty decent, but I wouldn't include it in my list of favorite barbecue joints.I ordered the pulled pork sandwich and mac and cheese, both recommended by the server. The sandwich was unsauced, which gave me a chance to try the three sauces on the table. I wasn't a fan of the Memphis-style sauce, so I split the meat between the original and spicy sauces, both of which were good, but nothing special.The meat was pretty good, but nothing I haven't had before. The mac and cheese was pretty cheesy, but if that's what they're calling their best side, then they need to give it a little more umph, maybe some bread crumbs, bacon, or something other than just plain macaroni with melted cheese on top.For dessert I went with the Snickers pie, as recommended. I'd probably recommend this to be split among two people - this was a lot of ice cream. It was good and nicely presented, but I don't think I'd get that much again.Overall, this was a reasonably good experience, but I don't know if it's worth the trip or the money.
2	The only reason this place doesn't get one star is my husband and mom, said their food and I quote "wasn't terrible".  My food was terrible, mostly because it was cold.  When we arrived we were seated quickly, and a waiter came and took our drink orders. Biscuits arrived and they were tasty, we ordered.  This ends the positive points in this experience.  I ordered a baked potato stuffed with pulled pork and a salad on the side.  My salad was soaked in dressing, it was a lot more dressing then salad.  My potato was completely cold the cheese had hardened on top creating a shell holding the cold pulled pork in.  The potato also had 2 large (visible since I didn't eat this cold item) bad spots that went fairly deep into the potato.  When I let the waiter know that my meal was cold he looked at me like I committed a cardinal sin and didn't even hint at an apology.  My mom and husband both got BBQ combos, between the two of them every possible choice was ordered.  Both said food was "not terrible" mostly at least it was hot.  I decided to go for a walk around the District instead of watching them eat, since I now had zero interest in trying anything off the menu.  The manager came by and offered a free dessert.  When I came back she walked by twice and didn't once stop to offer an apology.  We were not charged for my meal (since I didn't eat it) but for two lunches ordered off the lunch menu our bill came to $40 which I think is high, especially considering the quality of food. Topping off our lunch was the 20 minutes it took from when the waiter was handed our check until when it was brought back.  This is way too long, especially since the restaurant was not even busy.Will not be back, and do not recommend.
4	Wow all the reviews for Lucille's are bad and yet I had a good time there last Friday night. Myself, Mark T, my friend Beth and her parents. Luckily Beth had a reservation as that place was packed. We had to wait a few minutes for our table to be ready but it was a good time for all of us to also catch up as I hadn't seen Beth's parents in over a year. We get to our table and order some drinks which by the way are served in mason jars. Pretty cool except for the fact that the ice tea was a little weak. We ordered some fried okra which was fried to perfection and piping hot. It came with two different dipping sauces but alas I just at them like popcorn. Note to self, wait for them to cool down before poping them in your mouth because those suckers were HOT! I ordered a full slab of ribs with greens and mashed sweet potatoes. OMG they were so good. The meat was falling off the bone and the sauce they used was a little sweet, just like I like it. I actually added a little more of their hot and spicy bbq sauce because I like both the sweet and spicy mixture of sauces on my bbq. The greens were ok but needed some hot sauce and the mashed sweet potatoes were good. I ended up taking most of my meal home because I got full off of the fried okra and as well as warm biscuits. My friend's mom ordered the exact same thing as I did, Mark T. ordered the chicken, in which he said was pretty good. My friend's dad ordered the tri tip in which he seemed to enjoy and my friend ordered the fried catfish in which she also seemed to enjoy. For dessert, the snickers ice cream pie was ordered along with old fashioned banana pudding. I had a few bites of the snickers pie and it was really good. I wanted to eat more, but I was already stuffed and I didn't want to overdo it any more than I already had. I didn't try the banana pudding but my friends' father seemed to enjoy. All in all, it was a good time. I mean the company I was with FABULOUS and the food was good. What more can you ask for on a Friday night?
4	More than a year ago I wrote a review about Lucille's and I wasn't impressed. This weekend I made my first re-visit since writing that review. This time it was Friday night with Ebony K., her friend, and her friend's parents. The restaurant was accommodating to changing the original reservation from 3 to 5, and we were seated quickly.Overall the food was excellent - you can read about it in Ebony's review, but I will say my chicken was excellent. As a side I ordered the sweet mashed potatoes (which everyone ordered). As a tip it is mashed sweet potatoes and not some type of sweet mashed potatoes. Also I went with the cheesy grits - and they were that. The chicken was moist and had a great flavor. Everything about the food and the atmosphere was excellent and much improved from my first visit (but I still didn't eat the watermelon slice)....One thing that was a little below the food was the service. While the staff was very friendly, they did appear to be a bit slow. We asked for vinegar and for hot sauce; we asked for hot water for coffee; we asked for diet coke after the tea was weak. Each of these requests had to be repeated twice. I have to say, I was more impressed - the atmosphere, the company, the food was all excellent. A little less with the multiple repeat requests and it will be excellent. And thanks to Ebony K. for getting me to give Lucille's a second chance.
4	My first visit, just a fifteen minute drive from the condo. I liked everything about Lucille's. The white clapboard exterior trimmed with green & white awnings, invites everyone. Very remindful of my days on the Mississippi Gulf Coast. The Jambalaya was superb, loaded with shrimp & andoulle sausage, rice, peppers & a reaux that was delicious. The apple butter & freshly baked biscuits were as good as advertised. The Corona was ice cold, with attentive servers. $46 included tip & tax.   NICE DEAL !!
4	if you are currently counting your daily calories then this warning is issued for you:: DO NOT GO HERE... i warned you! what you do with this information is now in your hands.Call ahead if you get impatient waiting because you will have to wait here. You can sign in there and they will text you when your table is ready which is pretty cool. They have live music so it is really loud (makes sense a text msg if prob the only way to find you). We had a drink while we waited for our table, they even have a cute little area with couches where you can wait. Loved the loud and informal nature of this place. Menu is ginormous as well as the portions. We got a 1/2 order of fried pickles and onion strings to start ( the 1/2 portions look to me like what i would consider a full portion,, just ridiculous amounts of food).  both got the baby back ribs. All your normal bbq fixins' to choose from to go with your entree. order came with this biscuits that i swear tasted like they had sugar on them with an apple butter of some sort that was just sinful. Everything was great, had no room for dessert and i didn't even finish 1/2 my baby back order. this place will be an every now and then splurge as i think i am still burning off the calories .
3	Solid 3.5 Stars I had the pulled pork sandwich and sweet potato fries. Very tasty, though the pork had a bit more fat in it then I would like. the fries were tasty. The portions are beyond ridiculously huge. seriously. The biscuits they bring out are like little tufts plucked from heaven. The staff is nice enough, they work on a "team work" basis and tell you to feel free to grab any waiter, I find that a bit irritating. The prices are fair for dinner. 5 people = $101.93
3	Had a great drink. Don't get the Brisket, get the RIBS...melt in your mouth!
3	Was a Feast of beefy goodness. The St. Louis ribs and pulled pork sliders were fantastic.
4	1.) They have gluten-free options! You can eat something else besides a salad here, thank God...2.) Very nice staff and service3.) Pricey...expect to drop about $50 for two people with alcoholic drinks included..lunch is expensive as well..4.) The taste is unique and I enjoy their bbq
1	Lucille's is a nice clean BBQ restaurant.  The staff is friendly and the service is fast.I went there yesterday for the first and last time.  Our waiter was incredibly friendly, but was in that too friendly mode.  I don't know if you know what I am talking about, but it seemed like he was so overly friendly that it was insincere.  And he was one of those type of waiters who was there every 5 minutes at the start of the meal, and no where near at the end of the meal.We started our meal with their signature biscuits.  We are in AZ so I am sure the cooks do not really now how to cook a good biscuit.  Our nice flakey biscuit was hard and crunchy on the outside, and warm and not flakey on the inside.  The honey butter was marginal.The onion straw appetizer was good, the best part of the meal.I had a baby back rib combo with hot links and my friend had the chicken and rib lunch combo.  Same kind of ribs.  The ribs were dry and not very tender.  She said her chicken was good, and my sausage was cooked fine.  No real flavor to the sausage, just spicy.Overall, as BBQ joints go, I wont be back.  Its hard to create the hole in the wall BBQ joint with a chain, and Lucille's has not done it.
1	After the excruciating four hour long Barrett Honors College convocation ceremony my parents took me (new graduate) and my boyfriend out for celebratory BBQ. My dad talked Lucille's up like it was better than Pappy's in St. Louis. He raved about the biscuits, the ribs, and the apple butter for days before we attended my ceremony, and I was really excited to try the food. Disappointment does not even begin to describe our experience.The restaurant was relatively empty at the time of our visit. The hostess sat us at a table that could, possibly, have doubled as the freezer. The AC was turned way to low on a relatively cool evening, and I was shivering throughout my entire meal. I know that this isn't the hostess' or the waitress' fault, but my mom asked several times if they could turn up the AC or move us. The food was terrible. I ordered a full rack of ribs for $26.99 and they were burnt to high hell. Paired with the AC, my whole plate was cold in five minutes flat. I ordered Mac and Cheese as both of my sides and that was decent. My parents also split a burnt full rack of ribs, and my boyfriend had an average tasting pulled pork sandwich. We were served terrible quality food for the pricing of this restaurant. Our waitress was really nice, but I think she should have noticed how burnt the food was that she served us. I understand that we visited the restaurant at 9:20pm on a Wednesday evening, but their website showed that they take reservations all the way until 9:30pm. It is just really unfortunate that this establishment doesn't take more pride in their product. People go to restaurants on memory making occasions, and a bad dinner can ruin a good moment. Lucille's would do better to remember that in the future. TL;DR Burnt food, terrible for the price, will ruin your graduation experience.
3	A very enjoyable Barbecue chain. A lot of people have suggested that I try Lucille's but my desire to do so had been low. Probably because from the outside it looks like just another overpriced family restaurant. Now that I've been inside, it kind of gives you that impression when you walk in, too. There's a decent decor, but there's also all that junk on the wall that gives it an Applebee's kind of feel. Long lines to get in (mostly due to huge parties) also don't help out. Fortunately, the food is really good. You get biscuits with a side of maple butter which is quite enjoyable. We started with a half order of onion straws. Unless you're with a big group stick to the smaller size. Even though these fried strips of onion were addicting and hard to stop eating, it was still too much for just two people. The BBQ ranch sauce its served with is also really good (and I am not a big ranch fan). Both my girlfriend and I had sandwiches as our meals. I went with the brisket and portabello with honey roasted peanut slaw. The brisket was wonderful. Not too soft like most places tend to serve it when in sandwich form. Can't say that I was a big fan of slaw. Nothing special about it, and the vinegar in the recipe just didn't do it for me, and the peanuts didn't add anything to the flavor, they just felt thrown in. My girlfriend had the Smokehouse sliders with BBQ chicken. While they give you the option of pork, chicken, or brisket, Lucille's doesn't let you mix and match which you want. I really don't get that policy consider there isn't a price difference between the meats. It's not like they're smoking it up on order (and if they are, there's a big problem considering it takes hours to smoke meat). I guess it's too hard to the kitchen staff to grab from two different places. Either way, she enjoyed the chicken. She had a side of sweet potato fries which were really good. Like most Barbecue chains, Lucille's pimps its own sauces. The three that were brought to the table were original (the best; loaded with flavor), Hot and Spicy (neither hot or spicy, not bad, just not close to what I was expecting), and Memphis style (I'm not familiar with Memphis style barbecue, but this was pretty much just ketchup). I recommend sticking to the original. We chose to sit in the bar (open seating and full menu) to avoid a short Sunday night wait and watch the basketball game. There's four big TVs placed across the bar, but someone did a very bad job placing them in their spots. There's a couple of support beams in the room which block the views. We easily found a seat that allowed us to see the game were were interested in, but my view of the TVs playing the baseball game were blocked.Overall, the place isn't much to look at, but the food is good.
1	Went there and was blown away by how terrible it was. I went on a Friday night with some friends got our drinks quickly then it took forever to get an order put in. I tried the back porch platter. on hour later when I got my food it was not the correct order they gave me brisket instead of tri-tip  Which I pointed out to the waitress and she said she wasn't sure but she would check and that was the last we saw of her until 30 minutes later when we got our bill. we couldn't even get anything else to drink. My ribs were such dried out boot leather that I had a hard time sawing through them with the steak knife that they brought out with my friends order. If I could give no stars I would. There are a lot better places in the valley for both service and bbq.
3	I'm not a big fan of bbq, so this isn't my place. However, all the GUYS I know LOVE this place. Everyone always says both the pork and beef ribs are awesome. I do love the biscuits and apple butter!
3	This is a HUGE BBQ restaurant - maybe 8000sf? I have liked just about everything I've ever ordered here though, which is odd for a big chain restaurant. Their staff is consistently attentive and the food quality is above par. Not a lot of other BBQ options in the Tempe area.
2	I have had much better BBQ, with much better service, for way less money than at Lucille's.I was excited to try the place because my parents had really talked it up, but maybe I just went in with too high of expectations. The hostess had misplaced a few brain cells and asked our party about 5-6 times what our name was, even though they had one of our numbers to call when the table was ready. Our water was ok, but super slow when it came to the checks and actually checking in on us. I liked the biscuits, but they were not amazing, a nice touch after waiting for so long to get a table though. No one in my party was amazed by their meals but one of the most disappointing was the mac and cheese. It sounded so good, but came out dry and mushy- gross enough to turn you off of mac and cheese for a couple of weeks.So-so food, extremely loud restaurant- it will take a while before I consider to give it a second shot.
5	Had Father's Day dinner tonight at Lucille's BBQ. Great food and service.
3	I really don't like BBQ but the boyfriend does so every once in awhile I had to please him.  So I have to rate this place mostly according to him.  I had the catfish fingers.  Which were great, but kind of hard to mess up.  He had brisket and liked it quite a bit.  They had lots of BBQ sauce options, but he said there wasn't one that wowed him.  Not a bad BBQ place.
2	I wasn't  really impressed with the food quality.  I thought it was really dry.  You are better off going up the street to Dave's BBQ.  The service was fine though.
5	holy moly.this place is gooooooooooooooooooood.im a bbq snob.i like to think,and this place takes the cake.plenty of  sauce choices.the serving portions are huge.not even funny.they offer plenty of different ways to get your meat cooked and seasoned.the mac and cheese is heaven.so cheesy twiced baked yummy goodness for your belly.the bbq chicken is mouth watering and im picky about that dish,usually you get it dry from other places.open till 10 so perfect for my late schedule.if i ate there evry night id be a large loveeee man,so i space my visits out....go get qued now
1	I wrote a less than stellar review about this place some time ago and decided that my prior awful experience might have been a fluke and as I love great BBQ, decided to give them another go .....  I was right the first time!As before, the food was ho-hum at best, the prices too high vs the product quality but the death blow to me was once again, their customer service or shall I say lack of customer service?We had to ask the bartender if we could get a drink (That's odd) and all the wait staff acted like they were doing us a favor by waiting on us.To top it all off, they had little to no air conditioning so it was brutal to sit through a combination of bad food, crummy service and high heat!!!For me, this place is officially off the books and we sure won't be back. Lesson # 1: "Your in the service industry, try and acy like it"As a BBQ fan, I'll try elsewhere ...............
5	great BBQ great service my fav is tri tip sandwich ribs also great and love the sauces!!!
5	Lucille's has great service and great food! It's pricey thought, about 50$ for 2 people w/ alcoholic drinks included. But I think it's deffinetly worth it. Check it out!
4	Pleasantly surprised with the food here.  Also great beer selections.  Coming from the South, I love me a good fried green tomatoes and these were spectacular.  Grandma would be proud.  For dinner I had the brisket and portabella sandwich and it was fantastic.  My wife had the pulled pork which in my opinion is the linchpin of any great BBQ joint.  It was good, not the best I've ever had by any means but quite good.  As far as BBQ places go in the Phoenix area, this place has been the best so far.  The cole slaw wasn't that great however.
4	First off the inside looks pretty cool, gives you that backyard BBQ'ing feel.Next the food, it was delicous. The service was great too, very fast and super friendly.The bad, they are a little pricey so be prepared. I would say equal to a Dave's BBQ but pricier.
1	So disappointed with my experience tonight that I'll likely never return to this location again and question if I will continue to patronize the chain at all.  I've been to 6 or 8 of their locations and have ALWAYS without question had a great experience both in terms of food quality and service.Tonight however was different.  I walked into my home town Lucille's and was smugly 'greeted' by some half hazard welcome.  The guy serving as host was less than friendly but managed to ask me how many in my party?  One, I replied ..from here he speaks into his headset microphone to summons someone to come seat me.  He hands her my soon to be menu and says 'put him in the bar'.  Now there are many times that I prefer to sit in the bar, but tonight just wasn't one of them and furthermore I would just prefer to have been asked if this option was ok.  I had just landed from a week long business trip and stopped by Lucille's to have dinner to allow the traffic to die down.  I might also add that I was dressed in business attire .. I didn't look like some bum off the street and couldn't understand why I couldn't have a regular table with the others.I was shuffled off to the bar where I was offered one of the high top tables.  My money is obviously not good enough to rent one of the 30+ empty dining room tables for 20 - 30 minutes.  It was 5:15 pm by the way ... it was ahead of the prime busy dinner period of 6pm, etc.  Every single high top table was empty also to give you an idea of how busy the place was.  I didn't want a high top table so I asked for something else .. I was offered some random 6-top table sitting right in the entrance of the bar .... I'm one person .. WHY would I want a 6-top table?  Well, obviously again my money is simply not welcome for a dinning room table with the common folk.  I didn't want this large table or its poor location ... so my third and final option was the booth right out of the kitchen .. it was obvious that there was no way that I was going to get one of those seemingly high demand empty dinning room tables.I asked the girl that seated me why I was not given a choice if I wanted to sit in the bar.  She became a bit defensive and said 'that's why I asked you if wanted to sit here or over there' ... NO, not you .. I wanted to know why the rude guy that told you to seat me in bar didn't give me a choice.  What if I was a recovering alcoholic .. doesn't matter .. you are only 1 person and their perception is that you wouldn't tip enough to get a dinning room table.Reality is I tip very well .. and I know what I want, order fast, and I'm out of there .. IF there was demand for the tables they would have been better off to put me in the dinning room as I would have allowed them to turn the table over more quickly than a family coming in for a night of chatting and occupying the table.Whatever ...After I sat in my assigned bar booth for nearly 15 minutes without anyone even approaching my table I finally gave up and took my unworthy self out the front door ...  It's really sad to see how quickly the service is fading at this restaurant ....  Sad, Sad, Sad ....I made my way down the parking lot to The Keg ,, incidentally, I tipped my server (who was phenomenal)  $20 on a $42 dinner.  The whole experience as enjoyable starting with walking in the door and being treated with a smile and a warm welcome. When the hostess asked how many in my party and I replied 'one' she then asked, would you prefer to be seated in our dining room or lounge area?  Obviously I opted for the dinning room.
4	Love love love
3	I thought a lot of fuss about nothing - but then I lived in the south for 8 years.  The biscuits were great, but the beef brisket not so much.  Mac and cheese yes.  Very loud and the service was not great.  Thought it was expensive as well.
2	Mediocre. Drinks were fine, but overall not good bar-b-que.
3	$30 for 2 pulled pork sandwiches and a lemonade. I don't think it was worth it. It was just "meh". Atmosphere was ok, lots to look at. I would much rather drive a bit further to Joe's Real BBQ for the best Pulled Pork sandwich in the state.
2	Service was awesome, but the quality of the food didn't match the price.
4	I'm sorry, why is this place 3 stars?? This food is RIDICULOUS! It is so frigging good!!! I am in Phoenix for work and I'm at  a hotel so I can't give it 5 stars because I had it delivered to my room. I'm lazy and I don't want to look like a crazy loser eating alone. But the advantage is that is can pig the hell out without anyone seeing me!!! I am normally not a biscuit fan. Holy cow. These biscuits with their wonderful pal Mr. Apple Butter have made me a believer. The greens, while not as good as mine, were tremendously better than I expected. The rib tips. Damn. I am going to gain some major lb's tonight but it will be worth it. I feel like I've died and gone to hog heaven, literally.
5	I don't know how people can't give this place 5 stars.  I've been here probably 10-15 times in the last few years and have yet to have a bad experience.  I come to Lucilles on special occasions when I'm looking to spend a little money on a nice big quality meal.  The meat is so succulent and juicy, always perfect everytime I go here.  The portions are very nice, as they should be at their price heh.  The service is great, you get your food extremly quick.  Sugar biscuits with apple butter? Amazing!  I do however miss their flame roasted corn on the cob that they had a year or so ago.  They used to serve it differently, now its not as exciting, but hey...its just corn.  I'm there for the meat anyways.  The tri-tip dinner is the best meal there, highly recommend it if you visit there for your first time.  You won't be dissapointed.
5	Love this place food was amazing!! Cost in my opinion is really good for the great service and food I received. Highly suggest this place
1	let me start with this: I hate bad service. I mean I really HATE it... I am tired of server's who don't get customer service.  At the end of the day, the food is pretty good but the service there is mediocre to horrible depending on when you're there.  I don't think I will be going back there.
4	I went to Lucille's for my cousins birthday on Saturday. This was the first time I had ever been to this barbque house. I am very picky when it comes to barbque because my husband is such a great cook! but.....this place was great! Yeah we had to wait awhile but it was worth the wait! The beef ribs and tri tip were great and I would recommend this place to everyone. It was a bit on the pricey side but well worth it!
4	This is a tough review. The food is amazing. From appetizer on down. It is very pricey so be prepared to spend a pretty penny. But the service was HORRIBLE.... I think we might have had the worst waiter of all time. Took forever to get our drinks. Took forever to get our appetizer and took forever to get our food. Showed up at 8 and did not get our main dish untill 935. Really disappointed in the service.  I recommend everyone to try it out, but the service needs a major upgrade.
2	Recently ordered take out from Lucille's because it was Valentine's day, I had a craving for brisket and cornbread, and I really didn't want to deal with the crowds on the fore mentioned holiday. Having been to Lucille's before I knew it was a fairly solid joint in terms of food and and service.   At least if you eat in.... ordering take out well lets just say it left a lot of room for improvement.  When I called up to order the phone was answered "hello" not something more akin to "Lucille's this is "insert name here" how can I help you?"  Ok it's a busy day I can let that slide.   I'm then put on hold (at least they asked if I would hold) for 5 minutes, the gentlemen gets on the phone and I start rattling off my order which he gets down and repeats back to me (for the record it was two 10oz Texas brisket dinners with sides of peanut slaw, regular slaw, corn on the cob, and mac&cheese).... sadly they do not have cornbread, just biscuits... man I really wanted cornbread. I'm then told my order will be ready in 20 minutes.... I ask that it be ready around 6PM since it's 2:30 in the afternoon and I'm very much still at work doing this.  The gentleman taking my order changes.   So 6PM rolls around I walk in and the gentleman at the counter goes over my order has me sign a sheet saying that he reviewed the order and everything was in order I pay and off I go.  This is where I should have asked for little things like flatware, BBQ sauce, and towelettes.   So I go where I'm going and I get out the dinners for myself and the my friend and that's when the lack of flatware pokes it's head out.... then the brisket... it's ok but not great and could really use some sauce... and cornbread.... the corn on the cob is a dry and bland (probably a side effect of it being February and the corn being frozen), the peanut slaw is good, the regular slaw is serviceable. The biscuits are ok but in case you haven't noticed cornbread would have been better.  I wasn't thrilled with the dinner, it wasn't the worst BBQ I've had but it was no where near the best.   If I had to do it again I probably would have made the trek out to Dave's BBQ in Gilbert instead.
3	This place is very much a chain.  Corny decor, unimaginative menu, bland food, servers devoid of personality.  Still, the booths in the bar are comfy and so we had a good time dining here with friends a month or so ago and watching a playoff game.They try very hard not to be nailed down to a particular style of barbeque.  Of course this means that they don't do anything particularly well but it also means that you could take a big group of people here from all different parts of the country and they would each be able to find something they wanted to eat on the menu (isn't that the reason for having chain restaurants in the first place?).  A lot of the dishes were served dry and then you could add your own sauce - they had 3 different bottles on the table.  And this is one of the few places we have found in Phoenix that serves Texas style beef ribs so that is a big plus.  We also tried the fried green tomatoes and the okra for appetizers.  Neither was very good (seriously, stay away from the tomatoes) but I haven't had either of them since we lived in the south so even a lousy version of the dish is better than nothing.  What was really amusing is how the server obviously had never had good BBQ in her life; you could really tell by the way she described the dishes.  Anyone who can't answer how long something was smoked and whether it was seasoned with a dry rub or a mop does not deserve to be working at a BBQ joint; even if they are only 16, that is no excuse.  Oh wait, this isn't a BBQ pit, it's a chain imitation.  Sorry, I forgot for a minute.Overall, the food and service probably should have been one or two stars if I compare it to other barbeque restaurants I have eaten at nationally but compared to what I have had in Phoenix it is a solid three, sadly.  Another thing that gave them an a-ok was the fact that they had a really good selection of beers on tap and even offered Micheladas.  I never thought that drink would go with BBQ but it was a pretty good pairing with the spicy Texas-style sauce they offered.  Too bad they couldn't even do this right; though they did have some Mexican beers on tap the ratio was off (it was like half mixer at least) and they charged $7.50 a pop for them.  I also thought it was cute how the waitress mispronounced the name of the drink and then corrected me when I pronounced it right.  Just priceless.
4	Three of us went for dinner for the first time last night at Lucille's. We were seated right away and the service, while not overly friendly, was efficient. I really loved the decor. Yes, it is a little corny, but it's also homey and comfy! Our hostess mentioned the 'smoker' so I knew I had to order some sort of smoked meat. The brisket was awesome! Fall apart tender and delicious as well as flavourful. Between our table, we also had baby back ribs and the jambalaya. The greens that came as a side weren't the best though, that's why the last star is missing. But overall, most everything was delicious and the portions were huge! I would recommend this place for sure. Get the brisket!
4	I finally remembered to get the brisket plate this time..and it was a little tough at first, but the bottom was nice and tender. Missed a 5 star review by thaaat much. 86'd on the sweet potato fries, annd, our server was in a bigger hurry than we were, slamming down items, forgetting refills, and the entrees came mins into the salad course..butttt...it was great.
3	Well...its Lucilles is very much a chain restaurant but for arizona what isnt?,,the food is great but for the price it should be the best barbque in town,also the portions are very small,ordered a bbq sandwich and the bun was bigger than the filling :/..the bar is nice and drinks made right..its just to expensive for what it is u could get better bbq for half the price elswhere
5	This place is off of the chain good. The barbecue ribs are the dankiest! If you like the southern atmosphere, go here. The soft drinks are served in jars, which is cute. The drink selection is very copious. I can't believe that I didn't discover this joint sooner!
5	Amazing food, phenomenal service and a delightful ambiance makes me want to come back very soon! I highly recommend Lucille's and easily give it a five-star rating!
3	Lucille's serves up a really first rate BBQ sandwich. I tried the tri-tip. The meat was very tender and very tasty. The sourdough bread tasted fresh and their sweet potato fries were as good as I've had anywhere. They leave 3 different BBQ sauces on the table - nice touch.Although a chain, they did have both from San Tan Brewery and Four Peaks on tap. Two of each. A solid plus to the usual bud, bud-light, coors, coors light sameness.I met up with one of my daughters (who bought me dinner), so the company was fabulous. The over ambiance is OK - good place to bring a group.
5	GREAT EXPERIENCE! Tiffany, our server, was attentive and wonderful especially for a party of 8. The team working environment was great to experience! Great food. Great service. And they brought us warm towels for our sticky fingers!
3	To be fair, I'm kind of a BBQ snob, having lived in one of the best BBQ capitals (Eastern NC).  With that being said, I heard some good things about the place so decided to check it out.  I will say, the service is touch and go, whether it's packed or not.  The food, while a bit on the pricey side for what it is, is pretty damn good.  The portions are HUGE.  The BBQ sandwich was about the best I've had west of the Mississippi. It was as close to an Eastern Carolina BBQ as any place has come, which is saying a lot.  They do BBQ right.  My bf ordered chicken and biscuits and was also impressed.  Overall, pretty good.  The A-ok rating is the prices are a bit steep for the type of food, the service has never been very good and the place could be a bit less "gimmicky" and a bit more traditional.  Other than that, worth it for some good old comfort food.
3	I dont wanna waste too much time with this, as its a chain restaurant. However, it is the only one in all of AZ, and I thought it was better than Famous Daves...I played it safe and went for the Pulled pork sandwich. It was tender and moist with the requisite smokey flavor. It came with a decent amount too. I slathered mine with their hot bbq sauce and pigged out. It was good, You'll be fine with this.Co-worker had a platter with ribs, pulled pork and smoked chicken. I tried the chicken and was surpised how moist and tender it was, replete with a delicate smoke flavor. I wouldnt even put anything on the chicken, it was that good. At this point, I was mostly convinced that these items were actually smoked and prepared on site, at the restaurant. Forgive my skepticism, but real bbq takes a long time. And chain restaurants dont have a lot of credibility, at least not with me.Skip the cheddar grits - Stick with fries for your side. Bonus tip - avoid ordering beef brisket anywhere outside of Texas. You'll live with less regret.
4	Last visited 4/27/12...I have been here several times so I am surprised that I have not written a review yet.Each time I have been here, the food has been very good.  I have tried a range of BBQ dishes including the Baby Backs, Tri-Tip, Brisket and Pulled Pork.  Each meat has been great.  Many sides to choose from.  Baked Beans, sweat potato mashed, regular and garlic mashed, etc.  The Mac and Cheese is probably not their best dish.  Biscuits are good as is the corn bread.  I also enjoy the Fried Green Tomatoes as an appetizer. Service is usually very good and attentive.  This last visit, I was a little disappointed about the ability to keep drinks full. It seems anywhere I have been going lately wait staff has a very hard time paying attention to drinks.  This to me is a huge service error and likely to always cost a restaurant an extra star. I have also had desserts there although not this last time, Too Full!!  It is a great location.  Parking is always available although on weekends you may have to walk from back lot a little as this location shares with Dave and Busters and Cadillac Ranch.Overall, a very good dinner on Friday night!!
2	I thought the prices were very high, considering how the food tasted.  The restaurant itself reminded me of Applebees because of the decor - It was an "okay" experience, but I would probably not go back.
5	My dad & brother enjoyed ale & Boston loger. Great food: the biscuits are different than any other I've had.. they're good (w/cinnamon & sugar). Tri tip, mac & cheese, & the bbq burger are all yummy. Had an awesome server: Joe. Love the spaciousness & the art on the walls. :)
5	Every time I go in this place it's always a great experience.  My wife and I have been going to Lucille's pretty much every other Sunday for the last couple months.  Her favorite is the pulled pork mine is the Kansas City ribs, but we always have to start our meal off with the fried pickles.  If you're on a tight budget even buying one meal and sharing it is a definite option.  Sometimes I get full on the biscuits and spread the provide in the beginning.The bar area is a great place to have a meal and watch a game.  I would highly recommend this establishment to any of my friends.  But make sure you get the fried pickles... you will not be disappointed.Oh yeah.....please please please order the Mac 'N Cheese as your side.  You will thank me later.Q
5	This is a great place to relax and have some good BBQ food. The servers here are very friendly and do a good job. They give you big glasses for your drinks so you don't have to worry about refills that much. The food is good portion sized and they give you tasty biscuits. One of my favorite places to go after a good lift.
3	Great for Chain BBQ
5	Love this place each and every time I go.  The service is friendly, the food is better, and the sides and biscuits are absolutely amazing.  I am really surprised the average review is so low, try to ignore it and try this place. I promise you won't regret!
2	Third time is a charm...one bad review and one good review. With a friend in town, we decided to go for BBQ. I have been to Lucille's a couple of times. The last time was descent so it seemed like a good option. Tie-breaker indicates the first review (negative) may be the more accurate. Again the food was good (but my friend wasn't happy with the gravy slathered all over the chicken. The issues with slow and incorrect service remained.  It took a while to get drinks, refills were slow and incorrect. Several people came in after us and left before us. Dessert was so slow we had to cancel it. They must make each cobbler from scratch as ordered because 15 minutes later we still had no pie. An additional displeasure is the restaurant is very loud - especially on the patio. It is hard to hear others at the same table due to the noise. Two hours for a Friday lunch for three is a bit ridiculous!
5	Love this place!  Food is great!  Tri Tip w/a side of mop sauce is TERRIFIC!  Biscuits and apple butter are awesome!  I'm getting hungry writing this review.
2	We went to Lucille's on 6/16/12 for a friend's birthday.  It has a great lively atmosphere.  My friend's uncle was playing live blues for the night!   We had a very large group so I am also posting the review for my meat eating friends also because there weren't many veggie options available besides sides.My favorite thing here were the biscuits.  They were addictive! The Dixie Sweet Tea was good!  I did not like the Flame Roasted Artichoke app.  It was really dry and had no seasoning.  I expected it to be meatier (like the way artichoke is in a dip).  The Southern Fried Okra and Fried Green Tomatoes were a little too greasy for my taste.  More breading would have set them off!   My friends said the wings were just ok, they needed more sauce on them.  My friend's mom had the Grilled Salmon; she said she enjoyed it.  My friend said his Po Boy Sandwich was "ok".  He went to school in New Orleans so he had high expectations. For dessert, I had the Snickers Ice Cream Pie. I was pretty underwhelmed.  It had a somewhat gritty texture, too many peanuts and was soupy.I wanted to score Lucille's higher but too many "OKs" across the board.  No one was excited about their dishes.  And to me BBQ (with creole/cajun influence) is definitely supposed to be exciting! The pluses: Nice servers, the portions are very generous and as I mentioned before, we really enjoyed the biscuits.
3	Good BBQ is hard to find! I mean, you're looking for tender cuts of meat AND a hearty, flavorful sauce.  Lucille's has both!The biscuits are super tasty and can be pretty dangerous...if you can limit yourself to just one, I applaud you!  We started off with fried pickles...I love that they are dill spears! They reminded me of the fried pickles I had in Miami last year.  They were delicious!I got the beef brisket sandwich and it was fantastic! One of the perks is that they not only add sauce to the brisket, but they also have 3 bottles of sauce on the table for you to add to your liking: original BBQ, Memphis style BBQ, and HOT and SPICY (my favorite).  As a side, I stuck to the french fries which I now regret, because they weren't that great.  I knew I should have tried the cheesy grits! My best friend ordered the pulled pork sandwich and she said it was very tender.  Her side of choice as the Mac n'cheese...I sampled and me likey! Super cheesy and creamy!There were only a couple of things I wasn't thrilled with:1.  Our food took FOREVER to arrive after our appetizers.  However, the service was excellent and friendly!2.  The sweet tea (which on the upside is served in a mason jar...I absolutely LOVE this), was beyond sweet! Next time, I'll order 1/2 sweet tea, 1/2 regular tea.  That's pretty much it.  We did bring home half of our food which tells you that the servings are large and worth the price!
4	I can't believe this place averages 3 stars. What's wrong with people?This is my favorite BBQ spot for many reasons. I know, you might be asking yourself, why then no 5 stars? Well, there's always a waiting list that takes too long but they have empty tables. It seems that they haven't being able to figure out how many waiters/waitresses they need. 4th of July waiting time: 1 hour. They didn't say that the patio waiting time was 15 min and that in the bar is first come first serve.Anyways, there's nothing not to like of the food. The wings were tasty, the ribs were great, their bbq sauces are full of flavor, and the price is right.All in all, my very favorite bbq joint in AZ.
4	Our first time to Tempe Marketplace and were excited to see a BBQ place.  It was pretty great!  I got the beef ribs, because that is what the hostess said was her favorite, and tri tip with greens.  I don't eat ribs often so was super happy that they were quite wonderful.  I liked the tri tip and was able to add my own sauce.  Greens were good, slightly salty for my taste.  Everything came out HOT and that is AWESOME!  Even my son's fries!  The sweet tea was NEVER the same.  Too much sugar once, not enough the next time.  The fact that they added mint made it all ok :)We also had fried pickles for an app.  They were decent. We mostly ordered off the lunch menu and it was still a bit pricey.  The biscuits were AMAZING and your drinks are served in huge mason jars so they don't have to refill as much.  Always a plus.  The waitress was very nice.  All the staff we encountered were nice.  We enjoyed it and would go back...even though it's 40 miles away.
4	Fried green tomatoes is excellent. Family feast from the menu is a must. Service needs some improvements though.
5	Love this food and the portions are huge. Sweet tea and corn bread is the best. Nice casual and comfy atmosphere.
5	Great service.  Very cool vibe.  Loved the BBQ chicken and kids loved the ribs.
2	SO disappointed.My husband and I went last night with our infant daughter (asleep in her carrier) and here is a rundown of how it went:We were promptly greeted and asked by the hostess if we needed a carrier sling.  I declined and said I'd just tuck her carrier under the table by my leg.  The hostess then had a sub-hostess (?) come over and take us to our table.  She also asked if we needed a sling.  Again, I declined.  Minor annoyance.  What wasn't minor what that she took us over and seated us with 80% of the other patrons in the mostly empty place!!  We were almost all grouped into the same corner of the restaurant.  Nobody wants to go out to dinner and listen to all the conversations of everyone around them when there is room all over the restaurant.  Spread out your diners; give people some elbow room and privacy!So then our waitress comes up and takes our drink order and that's when I saw that they are asking almost $5 for a mason jar full of strawberry lemonade.  I almost laughed out loud.  Seriously, who the hell thinks that $5 is a fair price for a mason jar of strawberry lemonade? *raises eyebrow*  Uh huh, that's what I thought too.  Absurd!So I ordered the 'bargain' $4 plain old lemonade.  (I'm definitely not a cheap ass, but I'm also not an idiot.)The lemonade price actually made me think of the $5 milkshake scene from Pulp Fiction.  And if you don't know what the hell I'm talking about then stop reading this review right NOW and go rent get Pulp Fiction on streaming Netflix.    I'll wait for you to come back...*drumming fingers*Okay, done watching the movie?  That scene was good, right?  Okay, back to the review...Anyway, the drinks were prompt and I'll just say it, "That's a pretty fucking good lemonade. I don't know if it's worth five dollars but it's pretty fucking good."So the waitress then asks if if we'd like an appetizer so we order a $4 'half order' (the full order was $7) of fried green tomatoes which, by the way, is also an OUTSTANDING movie.   What???  You've never seen that either??  *gasp*Go on, I'll wait.  Again.*taps foot*Back?  Outstanding film!!  Amiright?Back to the review.  Again.  The half order of fried green tomatoes was a complete fucking joke.  There were TWO (yes, I said 2) fried green tomatoes.  Not only was I flabbergasted at the utter lack of value for the $4 I just paid for that tiny plate with 2 pitiful tomato slices but they were impossibly hot, mushy, and utterly tasteless.  Even the shitty red pepper sauce they were swimming in was completely bland.  Unbelievable.  Should I even bother adding that it was delivered to our table by a different server who walked by us with two plates, looked confused, turned around muttered something under her breath that sounded like "they ordered the wrong tomatoes", put it down and walked away with the other plate; still looking utterly lost.So when we ordered the 'World's Biggest Rip Off Of for an Appetizer', we also placed or dinner orders.  I asked for the BBQ Shrimp dinner ($20) and I substituted mashed potatoes for the cheesy grits (sounds yuck) and I decided to stick with the greens that it comes with originally.  My husband ordered the beef ribs and corn on the cob, I have no idea what that cost, but our final bill was almost $60, you sort that shit out because 'I can't math' very good.Our food came right away which was good.  What was VERY bad was that my plate was utterly covered in some parsley and dry rub garnish that had been liberally sprinkled around (and over) the whole plate by someone I'm assuming must've had a grand mal seizure right as they were holding a handful of this stuff.  My food and plate was COVERED in this crap.  I scraped it off as best I could and easily came up with 1/4 of a cup of this sprinkled garbage all over everything.  It was awful.Adding to that the greens were horrendous.  Bitter, cold and tasteless. The shrimp were drowning in this ghastly BBQ sauce that was an unappetizing blend of too spicy and not quite BBQ'y sauce.  I can't put my finger on it, but I didn't care for it one bit.  So I sat there and choked down my $20 worth of shrimp and picked at my mashed red potatoes, which were the only thing decent on my plate.  I even complained to my waitress that my plate was covered in this nasty crap and had ruined my food all she could do was look at me and say "Oh, I'm sorry."Really that's it?  No offer to get the manager, or replace my food, anything?Worthless.In comparison the husband's food looked pretty good, as I looked on mournfully at his plate and looked back in disgust at mine.I wanted to like this place, I really, really did.  The decor is fabulous and the place is uber cute, but the bizarre seating patterns, the ridiculous pricing for things like lemonade and 2 inedible FUCKING tomatoes, and the overzealous garnishments of inedible, chopped parsley and dry rub were too just much.
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! We visited here 3 times last month! Delicious!Good food! Good service! Good atmosphere! Great entertainment! Friendly staff! Family friendly!My kids love the baby back ribs and burgers. Hubby loves the chicken and fried pickles. I love the smoked brisket salad and fried green tomatoes! Their sides are yummy too!Don't sleep on the dessert! The red velvet cake is on point!On one visit, we were offered 3 free desserts to take home. THREE! Why? Because our food came out late. Really? We hardly noticed! We didn't complain nor ask. What a way to be proactive with customer service! That alone will have us coming back again and again!Their live entertainment is slammin' on Saturday nights! Especially if you like New Orleans/southern-style blues and jazz.Visit Lucille's and have a fun time (and leave full as a tick!)!
4	I found this place when we needed a place to meet for a business lunch.  I had the smoked BBQ chicken which was good but that seems to be all I get when I go.  I've tried some of the other dishes but haven't really liked them.  My wife loves the fried pickles which I'm not a fan of.  The portions are huge but there does not seem to be anything special I can remember besides really large portions.  I suppose the biscuits topped with sugar smothered in honey butter are good but I also want to live to be at least 50 and they are not worth dying for.  As unimpressed as I am with the food, the service is very good.  I've been there a few times now and have always been pleased with they way they treat us.  Everything from the speed and attentiveness has been good.
1	Bad experience...Terrible service, terrible food.First of all, I was organizing a Happy Hour and Dinner for a retirement party that we had on Friday, August 3rd, 2012.  Reading the fine print on the website it did say that happy hour prices were in the bar area, although because it was a party of 30 we could not fit in that area.  One of the attendees called the restaurant and spoke with the Manager which he confirmed that we were going to have happy hour prices. It turns out when we got to the restaurant they thought we were another party for 40 people that booked the spot for happy hour, but the attendee that spoke with the Manager was misinformed and they only gave us one round of happy hour prices.Second of all, our server was awful.  There were a couple of servers that actually waited on us because there was a table of 10 people.  Anyways, she took wrong orders and did not listen to our needs and was rushed, rushed, rushed.  Then a new person came in late on our table, and she was not even served when she saw her.  We had to track her down. I am sorry but the amount of restaurants that I have been to, this was the worst service ever.  I mean I had servers that actually new who was new at the table and took their order once they arrived.I ordered full size of fried green tomatoes, 1/2 order of fried okra, and a plate of sweet potato fries.  The server gave me my fried green tomatoes, but gave me full size of fried okra and the sweet potato fries was horrible.  So I had the server take my sweet potato fries because it was awful.  The server took it away without even asking me if I wanted another batch. I don't cook much, but I probably can fry those tomatoes alot better than the restaurant. I told the server I ordered 1/2 size of fried okra, and she said ok and brought it back to the kitchen then she brought the same dish back and said that she will just charge me for the 1/2 size order.  And lastly, when the server gave us the bill, it was all separate checks and did not even do that right.  The server was putting stuff on the bill that did not even belong on the check.So needless to say...I AM NOT COMING BACK TO THIS RESTAURANT AGAIN.
5	Dang the biscuit's are the bomb they should be on the menu for sale but they are free and free lemonade refills yeah everything was hell'a good a must place to visit while in Arizona
1	Over-priced, terrible BBQ!!! $12 for chopped brisket sandwich and water....you kidding me??!!   Best part of the meal were the biscuits!
3	I am not a big BBQ eater but this place was pretty good. My friends like it so I go with them from time to time. It would not be my choice for dining but the times I have been there were pretty good and the food too. Not very expensive and right at Tempe Marketplace. The service was good and beer cold. My favorite was the corn bread and sweet tea.
2	From the outside, Lucille's has the genteel charm of a building you'd find somewhere in the south, like New Orleans.Inside, the ambiance and decor match her exterior; warm and hospitable. If only the food was good. I tried the barbecue chicken sandwich, it came with a choice of many sides...I selected the collard greens.Typically, when one goes to a barbecue joint, ordering the bbq chicken sandwich, the expectation is a large bun with shredded barbecued chicken piled high atop one of the buns. Not here.Oh there's a large bun alright, but it's there for all the wrong reasons...serving as camouflage for what it's concealing. At first blush, it looks large and delicious, but if you're a food sleuth like me, you'll want to inspect its contents.  Here are the results of my examination.Removed top bun.Removed the kale leaves and glob of fried shoestring onions that gave it all its height. Huge disappointment, no chicken in plain sight. Only a large glob of melted cheese.Removed the cheese to find, and this is no exaggeration, a thin piece of chicken breast with a little barbecue sauce puddle it was swimming in. The size of the breast was approximately 2 x 2-1/2 inches, or roughly a third the size of the bun it was sitting in. Try to imagine this. This was like the motherlode of all things deceptive. When I want a barbecue chicken sandwich, I want a huge glob of chicken slathered in sauce on a large bun. Not the kind of false hope Lucille's is serving up.  Not going back. But I will admire the architecture as I cruise the parking lot.Lucille's sucks balls.
1	Disgusting food! Everything they served was either way over cooked or way under cooked.  Biscuits were old and stale and tasted like yesterday's batch. The Brisket was like shoe leather and tasted like they were leftovers that was microwaved.  When I filled out the comment card and told them of our experience, they just added my info to their mailing list for advertisements. I was never contacted about our experience.
5	Amazing food.  The beef ribs and southern fried chicken are so good.
2	Only 2 stars, because the food was amazing. Just terrible service. Starting off on the wrong foot. Our server literally threw the coaster at my father. He was so irrate and ready to throw it right back at her, we had to calm him down. I told her, you can get away with throwing coasters possibly to the younger people at the table, but my father doesn't like that, and I asked her not to do it again. I still tipped her well. I will go again, but I know my parents never will. Next time I am also going to speak with the manager.
5	I love the food, but it is too pricey.  I only come here once every year or two, since I can BBQ in my backyard for a fraction of this price.  Aside from the price, this is a wonderful place to go!!  The waitress I had last time was extremely friendly.  I wish I remembered her name, but she had the best customer service!!  :)
5	There is not much to say other then...AWESOME. This place is bomb and you should just poke yourself in the eye if you think otherwise. Solid bbq and southern cooking. All negative reviews must of had a booger in their eye. GO...NOW....JUST STOP READING AND GO AND ENJOY.  o HUGE SERVINGS...SHARABLE....I DON'T KNOW WHY I'M YELLING!!
5	amazing service and food!!! a must try and now my favorite bbq place on earth!!!
2	Lucille's is a great concept but does not deliver. While the service was great, the food was sub par and not as good as Famous Daves which is a lot less money! I do like the jalapeno grits and garlic mashed potatoes, but the brisket was dry and tasteless.My wife got the barbequed shrimp and it was over cooked and covered in a nasty sweet sauce. For the high prices that they charge I would expect much more! We will not be going back.Ever.Ignore these people that actually say that this place is great. They know nothing about good food. This place sucks.
4	We went to Lucille's on Saturday night and had no problem getting a table on the patio. The menu is overwhelming because it's gigantic & everything looks absolutely delicious on it, so it's hard to choose. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw which was fabulous. Big, but not too big to have leftovers. My husband ordered a rack of ribs with mac & cheese and sweet potato fries. Everything was awesome & somehow still we had no leftovers. The complimentary biscuits are worth trying Lucille's out in itself. A must try!
4	Lucille's Smokehouse kids ribs are awesome! Good deal and good taste. Service could have been better but the food was awesome. I would have given 5 stars but the prices could be lower! Great food, sub par service.  I'm from the south and this is the closet southern BBQ I've had since I've live in Phoenix, AZ.
4	Returned here last week with my husband and we both agree with many Yelp  reviewers that, while expensive, the barbecue is tasty, the atmosphere is inviting and the service is friendly.We go back whenever we're up for sit-down, smokehouse flavor served up with Southern hospitality!
4	Fried chicken. Mashed. Mac n cheese. fried pickles.
4	Good food, good sized portions of food. The service is hit or miss at times but the food always comes out great
1	The outside appearance of Lucille's is certainly appealing and we love BBQ.  Thus, our decision for a late lunch.  The place had a few full tables but it definitely was not very busy at all.  We were promptly seated but waited what seemed like forever for a waiter to appear for our drink orders.   Then, it took forever again until he showed up for our order.  We were just getting ready to leave money for the drinks on the table when he finally strolled over.  Needless to say .... service was awful.We love barbecue.  Since we lived in Texas for many years, we know what Texas barbecue is.  It's not Lucille's barbecue.  My husband ordered the Texas BBQ sandwich.  It was too spicy.  He didn't eat it.  I had the 1/4 BBQ chicken and baby back ribs luncheon special.  It must have been an awful small chicken.  The chicken wasn't thoroughly cooked and the ribs weren't cooked long enough to come off the bone.  You would normally think a waiter would ask how you liked the meal especially when the plates are taken back nearly full --- not so.  If you want better barbecue, I would suggest a trip across the parking lot to Dave's or to Joe's BBQ.  Hands down those two places are not only better but they are a lot cheaper.
5	This place has the best tasting food as well as the sauces, and the service is impeccable.
3	Back porch Strawberry Lemonade. Get one! or 2 ;) I'm a lightweight & even mixed drinks that have too many types of alcohol tend to drop me, but this one was PERFECT. Vodka, triple sec, strawberry lemonade & a splash of soda (I'm guessing Sprite). The first sip packed a little punch, but after that every drink tasted better than the last! I like that :D For appetizers our group ordered Fried Green Tomatoes & Fried Pickles to share, both were yummy!  As a main dish I got a small plate of Gumbo with Cornbread. The cornbread had a cake texture, not my fav. The gumbo was good, nice texture, perfect amount and combination of meats (sausage, chicken, shrimp), but it was a bit on the salty side. It seems that to even out the saltiness they used pepper. I smelled it before I tasted, so it was quite a bit of pepper. I've pretty much spent the rest of the day trying to hydrate, lol! But it did clear my sinuses right up! I think I'll try something different next time :)The service was good, the location was nice (we sat out on the lovely Southern style porch) & at lunch time (12:30 pm) we didn't have to wait to be seated.
4	Good happy hour....decent food and very nice efficient service, despite the place being quite busy.
4	Came here for the first time to meet some friends for lunch.It is located in Tempe Market place but, has its own parking lot,which makes going here much easier than a lot of other places here.We sat on the back patio which was so nice. It is a nicely decorated place, Very Southern. It reminds me of a place in Florida or in the South.Well ,it was a lovely day outside,not too hot or cool so it was great for sitting outside.We got fried green tomatoes for appetizer, which was really good and the first time I had ever had them.I had the BBQ chicken Salad, Sue got the breaded and fried cat fish with shrimp ,it also came with Sweet potatoes fries. She said it was fantastic, my other friend Alan got the fried Chicken and he is from Mississippi and it was very true to how they do it there.Bathrooms are nice and clean.Nice Hot water to wash off all the sticky BBQ.Staff is a little frazzled at times, there seems to be a bit of disorganization going on.2 of us received our food and Sue waited quite a while to get hers as well.She did have the Strawberry Lemonade which she thought was Heaven.
4	We sat in the bar and shared a few things. The brisket stuffed potato was delish. The bbq platter was pretty great. Fried pickles are good, although I prefer chips instead of spears. Salad was cold, crisp and the dressings (ranch &thousand) were really good. Lauren was our server and was so good. She timed everything out perfectly and was efficient and friendly. I had some watermelon iced t that was refreshing, too. We all shared the red velvet cake, which I liked but didnt think it needed the sauces underneath. So moist- overall, we had a great experience there. I'd definitely go back.
3	We've been to Lucille's twice in two years and the results have been pretty much the same each time. Ribs and chicken have been overcooked and the portions can't be rated as generous in any sense of the word.  Beverages, on the other hand, are generously but roughly prepared. A martini, for example, takes some crafting to prepare properly. Mine was mixed by someone doing a boot-scootin' line dance. The ambiance of Lucille's is wonderful if gawd-awful blaring country music is your preference.
3	While not the best BBQ I've had, Lucille's is a pretty good chain when you've just got to have BBQ. The biscuits and apple butter were a nice start and the baby back ribs, brisket and chicken were perfectly smoked. The sauce was not overpowering which is often the case. You get two sides with your meal and our group enjoyed the fries, grits, greens and coleslaw. Waitstaff was very friendly and attentive and the overall ambiance, upbeat and fun. Nice bar scene too. I would go back.
4	Visiting from out of state and came across Lucille's and thought we'd give it a try.  Since we are from the midwest, we waited to sit outside to enjoy the Arizona warm weather.  We waited for approximately 20 minutes which wasn't bad.  Restaurant was fairly crowded but we sat in an area outside of the bar which was very comfortable.  Service was just ok, seemed like she took a long time to initially greet us and then to refill drinks.  Our party of three ordered fried green tomatoes as an appetizer and for dinner - tri-tip sandwich, pulled pork sandwich, chicken dinner.  Sides included corn bread and sweet potato fries. My husband felt that the corn bread was some of the best he's ever had.  All in all, our food deserved 5 stars.  When visiting Phoenix again, we would definitely return.
5	Great, just like the one I tried in California. Smoked to perfection, I think 12 big boys ordered the family meal for 10+ and it was way too much food. Not even sure if we ate half, I think it's a meal meant for 20.
1	In a word TERRIBLE! Save your money and go some place else. I took my girlfriend out to what I thought would be an awesome place to get some ribs. Wrong! 26.99 for a full rack of ribs. WOW that's a lot compared to other places I have been to so I'm thinking rock star ribs for sure. Wrong! Charred, dry, crumbing piece of crap. It was a case of plain just not caring what you serve your customers.  The manger should be fired. I've had bad food before but this is ridiculous. I asked the waitress to please go get the manager and she came back with not the manger but with an offer of a free half rack of ribs! WOW Why would I want the free crap your giving out when the stuff  you want me to pay 26.99 for is complete garbage. Never again.
3	It was just okay.  I think this was the first time one of our locals had been here where the service for a large party was less than exceptional.  I think they were just a little unprepared for a group of 16 that evening.  The Texas-style BBQ briskly was good, but a little dry.  The brisket DID have the perfect smoke ring!  The spicy BBQ sauce was my favorite from the three available, but a little too sweet. The veggies that I chose for my side were overcooked.  I had the Lucille's Amber Ale, and it was very tasty.  I thought that the drink menu was impressive.
2	Lucille's, I really wanted to like you! I looked at your menu and my mouth watered at all the Southern style favorites you served, such as jambalaya, pulled pork, po' boys, fried okra, and gumbo. However, while I did enjoy a few items here, my experience wasn't too great overall.We came here on a weekend for a late dinner, and were seated promptly. There are various non alcoholic and alcoholic drinks to choose from, including a few varieties of iced tea and lemonade. I chose the watermelon iced tea ($2.99). It came served in a tall mason jar, with a large wedge of fresh watermelon in the drink. It was quite refreshing with great tea and watermelon flavor. Along with the drinks, we received a basket of sweet butter with light, buttery biscuits (Free, unlimited refills).As for appetizers, we opted for the fried okra ($3.99 half portion). It was quite a large portion, with a light, crispy breaded outer layer. The okra itself tasted tender, with not a lot of the "slimy" texture okra can get. It was served with a spicy ranch and creole mustard sauce. Out of the two, I preferred the mustard better. It was made with whole mustard seeds and its flavor and consistency complimented the breaded, fried, okra better than the thinner, more one-dimensional flavor of the ranch.I opted for the catfish po' boy sandwich ($11.99), and tried some of the pulled pork sandwich ($10.99). The catfish po' boy looked amazing! It was a huge portion of French bread with large, battered catfish nuggets, mayo with capers, tomatoes, and lettuce. However, the sandwich itself had some problems. The bread was really dry and tasted slightly old, and one of the catfish nuggets was still slightly raw. Setting that undercooked catfish nugget aside, I continued eating the rest of the sandwich, to find an unusual hard chunk while chewing. That hard chunk turned out to be a piece of fish bone stuck in one of the nuggets! I had the braised greens as a side, which had a nice smokey flavor with very soft, tender greens from cooking "low and slow." However, as I ate more, I got bits of grit while eating, meaning that they didn't rinse the greens enough before cooking them.The pulled pork sandwich was better, but not particularly remarkable. I did enjoy the array of bbq sauces on the table to add to the sandwich though.Prices for me, seem a bit high. They do have a nice looking happy hour and reverse happy hour at the bar every day, offering discounted drinks and appetizers which I might be tempted to try out some day. For now though, I'll be a bit hesitant to try more sandwiches and entrees from Lucille's.
5	Introduced two friends to Lucille's recently-and they loved it!  Always a plus when you get to start with fresh hot bisucits smothered in cinnamon honey buter.
2	I tried Lucille's food for the first time at the Scottsdale culinary festival and was quite impressed with the food. A year or so later, I visited the restaurant at Tempe Marketplace and was not impressed. I waited almost 20 minutes to place an order then waited another 25-30 minutes for the food. I understand restaurants get busy but that's ridiculous. When I returned home, I found that my order was incomplete, I definitely was not driving back to the restaurant.  I ordered the sliders which seemed a bit dry with not much taste. The cornbread and biscuits were okay but that's pretty much it. Considering the cost, the amount of time it took to order and obtain my food and the quality of the food, I will be exploring other restaurants for BBQ.
2	I was visiting AZ recently and had dinner with my family here.  The food was ok, not great and I thought the entrees were a bit pricey.  All in all it was ok, until we went to pay the check.  We were a large group and paid with cash and a credit card.  When we got the bill to sign, we realized he did not apply the full $100 in cash that we gave along with the credit card.  When we questioned the waiter, he got very defensive and pulled $40 out of his POCKET and said we only gave $40.  WTH? Why is it in his pocket and not the register??  We were adamant that we gave $100, he went inside and came back 10 min later with his Manager and apologized for the mix up.  The waiter said someone found it on the floor, while the Mgr said another waiter found it in the bill folder.  So which is it?  We thought we had the bill squared away until we checked our credit card online and we were charged the full amount 2x and now they won't provide a credit.  This really soured our experience, I've never seen anything like this before.  The food was ok but after this business with the check, I don't think we can go back.  Hopefully the credit card company can clear up the discrepancy.
4	This place has delicious food! The wait can be long if you have a large group but it's worth it! It is expensive but I really enjoy the food so when I am in the mood to spoil myself I hit up Lucille's!
4	Love this place! Fifties Diner food, and atmosphere!
4	Other than the excessive use of plate decorating parsley, the jumbalaya was pretty good and our waitress Auctavia was great.
4	We wanted to hang out at Tempe Marketplace and wanted BBQ and the band playing on Saturday night was a bonus. After reading the reviews, decided to try carefully try Lucilles. The reviews for appetizers were very positive so didn't order one. I ordered the Memphis style pulled pork sandwich 10.99, hubby got the regular pulled pork sandwich also 1099. So far service was prompt and friendly after the food it got much worse. We casually ate our meal saw her serving other tables. We didn't need anything so that was fine but then we finished and the waiting began.I had half a sandwich left and hubby's drink sat empty for about twenty mins . She finally arrived with the check offered desert, a box for my sandwich and refills for my husband. I was thinking of getting another adult beverage but took too long for service. However, our waitress may have explained why the bad service. She said they work as a team, we could ask anyone in their black shirts for help. I was a waitress many years ago and remember some places pool the tips. So a server could be amazing but would have to share with the lazy servers. System doesn't work. I should note no other server stopped by or even made eye contact.However, our sandwiches were amazing, the pork was tender and had lots of flavor. The buns were not soggy, the sauces were fantastic. My husband liked his plain fries and my potato salad tasted fresh and well flavored. The prices for the sandwiches aren't bad.  The everything else is crazy. They push the lemonade but way too expensive, rather have a beer for the same cost. They really need to fix the service and read the Yelp reviews. The place could be so much better and they should lower their prices or put a few more reasonable dishes on the menu. The sandwich and burger section that is reasonably priced. We will likely go back, but will not try anything new here. Lots of items sound good but not going to pay those prices to be disappointed.
3	Came here because it was within a 5 mile radius from our hotel..hahaha! Long story.  ANYWAY, we went twice.  The first time on a busy Saturday night--service was great..food was amazing..and the lemonade was tasty tasty.  Went back on a Thursday night and meh at best...service was blah..food was meh..and just not what it had been on the weekend when the place was PACKED! So..that's that...pry won't be back since sooo many other choices.  But, if we do go back, it will DEF be on a weekend.
2	Went to Lucille's for the first time yesterday, a Tuesday evening. The food was good but not as good as I had expected. The service was terrible, at best, which is why I give Lucille's 2 stars. Had the service been at least decent I would have given 3 stars. We were seated promptly and then patiently waited about 10 minutes before someone finally came by to take a drink order. Then, we waited at least 15 more minutes for our drinks to arrive at which time the waiter informed us that they work on team service and to feel free to grab anyone if we needed anything. We finally ordered our food which arrived fairly quickly but in the mean time our drinks were empty for at least another 10 minutes. We tried getting the attention of other servers but apparently vacuuming and wiping off tables was a higher priority than we were. So we got our food which was good but nothing special and while we were still eating, the waiter came back and asked if we had saved room for chocolate cake. Since we were still eating, we declined. Then, he brought the check right back and asked if we wanted a to go box! It felt like he wanted us to leave for some reason. So I left a card with the check and then waited almost 10 more minutes for him to come back with the receipt. All in all, not an enjoyable dining experience. I may decide to give it one more shot someday but if I do, it won't be any time soon. The manager should rethink the team service aspect b/c I think it essentially lowers the quality of service for the customers.
3	I WANT to give this place 5 stars. I really do. Hell if it were up to the food alone, 5 stars indeed... But your service? SUCKS!Husband and I ordered the St Louis Ribs and the New Orleans Chicken.You impressed the Hell out of hubby who was born and raised in the St Louis area. He's a BBQ freak and loooooves good St Louis style ribs. Epic win on your part considering he all but licked the plate, though  know I saw him eyeballing it in contemplation.My chicken dish? WOOOOOOOOW. LOVED the veggies, your mashed is like an orgasm in the mouth... minus the funky after taste ;) And your chicken was moist perfection with amazing seasoning. A total raving ten!LOVED the teas, the fresh mint springs were a great touch and who can resist the mason jar glasses?! Not this southern belle.Now... Your service? I wanted to rip my hair out. It took 30 minutes from time of seating until the first Hello and that was only for a "have you been taken care of yet?" and then followed by 15 more minutes before our server showed their face and meekly asked if we'd ordered drinks yet.Will we go back? Hell yes. But you guys are waaaay too busy to be running a skeleton crew. Hire more servers, and experienced servers, and fast!
4	I am a big bbq fan and had enjoyed my first couple trips to Lucille's but, had an average experience on my birthday one year so it had been a while since I had been back to Lucille's especially since Rudy's has opened up. I came back on a business lunch and thoroughly enjoyed it. The restaurant is comfortable with cool Blue's music. The wait staff is very friendly. The free biscuits with apple butter are always a treat. I ordered the baby back ribs with tri-tip lunch combo. The meat was flavorful and very tender.  The peanut slaw that I ordered to accompany it was non-traditional but super tasty. Overall they probably saved themselves and I will be back again.
1	I love bbq and had been waiting a while to go this place, because I wasn't sure if it was a good restaurant or not. So I decided to visit recently and ordered a lunch dish with baby back ribs, chicken, and beef, with a side of mashed potatoes. My mother could make better ribs with more meat on them than what I had received at this restaurant. The sauces were disgusting and the waiter didn't even bother to give us biscuits even though they were complimentary. I tried the chicken, but it wasn't anything as expected and was definitely not up to par, this being a bbq restaurant. I didn't even try the beef and for three people we ended up paying around $65 with the tip for a very unsatisfied lunch and setting. I will not come back to this place of establishment.
5	My boyfriend and I came here for the first time yesterday and the waiter Mark was very helpful. He explained the menu to us and gave us very good suggestions. I am not the biggest fan of red meat but they have the best Tri tip! The strawberry lemonade is amazing and they have the best cole slaw I've ever eaten! I definitely recommend eating here if you want really good BBQ and great service!
4	This is a pretty good place and very busy. We came in on a week night, I was surprised how really busy it was.  We sat on the Porch, which is just an addition made to look like an old Southern style home.  It is nice. Nice old 50's style furniture. I like it!I had some Watermelon flavored Ice Tea.  It was truly good. Even had a slice of watermelon with it.  We had green fried tomatoes as an appetizer. So so on that not too good.  Dinner was quite good though. BBQ chicken, some ribs and briskestWe had enough to bring home for yet another dinnerOur server was very good, her name was Allison. She went into a lot of detail about the menu items. I did appreciate that certainly.Dinner was good and the side BBQ sauces are an added plus.
5	Ok. I'll give credit where credit is due.I went back to Lucille's on Monday evening (06/24/2013) at the behest of a very special person. He knows who he is and I must say, hats off to you sir for caring so much.My husband and I were extremely skeptical, but were expecting another flavor explosion and culinary button busting bliss as per usual when it comes to Lucille's and that fantastic kitchen of theirs. Again we expected the service to, well, suck.Not the case.Lucille's has taken on a Captain Planet-like "LET'S COMBINE POWERS!" attitude. Gasp! They've become a team! One that seats within SECONDS of a hunger crazed mutan-- I mean client, walking in the door! Drink order came 5 minutes later, arrived on the table 5 minutes after that. And boy oh boy that strawberry lemonade is the bee's knees. Seriously. It's summer time in a mason jar, sweet and tart and I swear you can practically find yourself sitting on an old wrap around porch in a rocking chair after a few sips. Nectar of the Southern Gods. Hallelujah!We then ordered our customary half an artichoke and just about died and went to heaven. There's something about BBQ sauce on roasted artichoke that catches the smoke and flavor of the entire establishment and then dipped in that garlic mayo? Yuuuuummmm.Hubby surprised me this time. He ordered the Cobb Salad. Granted it was piled high with egg and chicken and bacon. He dug in, could only finish half -- two hours later at home he killed the rest of it and was quite pleased with himself. Only complaint there? It took 15 minutes after receiving the salad for him to receive his requested oil and vinegar, but no sweat. It was busy.Me? Southern Fried Chicken all the way. I think there's a growing trend with me, and it has a lot to do with chicken. Love chicken. Especially fried chicken that's done right. Crispy, juicy but not greasy? Oh I'm so there.  Lucille's delivered. The chicken was PERFECT. And we already know how I feel about their squash medley and garlic mashed taters. Heaven. On a plate. I only finished half and then tortured my office with the other half at lunch the next day.So Lucille's? Great job. I'm incredibly impressed and absolutely tickled pink by your budding success. I hope this is a progressive trend and y'all keep up with it. I'll so be back.
4	Great food. A tad pricey for BBQ and drinks though. $20 for 10oz beef brisket?! But you could cut it with your fork. I will be back.
4	Finally found a place to have gumbo and Jambalaya... The search is over.  We took the kids there they have a nice kids menu.  I had pulled pork sandwich was very tasty.  My son loved the kids ribs.  Both the gumo and jambalaya was loved my my daughter and husband.  Looking forward to going back!!
5	Favorite BBQ place !! Love love
4	Took my boyfriend to Lucille's for his birthday last week and we still can't stop talking about how bomb the smoked BBQ ribs were.  Fried okra was awesome, stellar beer selection (highly recommend the house summer brew), and they have wings that compete too.  The apple butter and rolls though wasn't a winner for me, but why fill up on that when you come for the BBQ?  A little pricey, but you get what you pay for!
3	Let me start off by saying being from the south,  I love fried okra.  I heard Lucille's had it, I tried it, and it is "OK" - about as good as Church's Chicken or Cracker Barrel offerings - but nothing to write home about.  I also tried their fried green tomatoes - they were good, but were in some kind of sauce - I prefer just the fried tomatoes - so next time I will ask for no sauce.  I like to eat vegetables so I asked if they have a veggie plate like Cracker Barrel - nope!  I also tried their onion strings - very good.  The meats are all good as well but leave your mouth very dry (MSG perhaps).  The best item is their biscuits.  I would just order biscuits and fried green tomatoes next time I go.  Oh, it is kinda pricey, too.
5	YOU CAN'T GO WRONG WITH ANY DISH at Lucille's unless you are on a restricted diet. Coming from the east coast, it's been hard to find some great soul and southern style places to eat.  And Lucille's has fit the bill. She has become a permanent part of my staple food.  Every time I've gone there, I always walk away happy.  The ice tea is sweet and goes with everything. And it even comes in this glass drinking jar that makes drinking tea so much more fun and refreshing.  Lucille has become a definite stop when family and friends are in town.  It's a treat to see them marvel at how good the food is and serves as a good reason for them to come back.Trust me cause I'm a picky eater!
4	We were walking around Tempe marketplace and really didn't know where we wanted to eat until my wife started to smell the BBQ. So we decided on Lucille's. I've been here quite a few times but never wrote a review. The place is decorated somewhat southern and very welcoming. We were surprised that we were seated right away and the server was right there to greet us. Nice. We started off with the biscuits and apple butter. The apple butter is so good. I'm glad we didn't have that many biscuits cause we would have filled up on that. Anyways, I had the brisket with Mac & Cheese and corn on the cob. The brisket was really good with the extra BBQ sauce smothered on it. Tender and juicy. The Mac and cheese was very good and the corn on the cob was smothered in butter and was cooked just right. My wife had the fried catfish and shrimp. Very good. Catfish was very moist and crispy on the outside. Also, the shrimp was cooked just right. Just the right portions for my wife. So overall the food was very good. Enjoyed the food and company. As for the service. Really good. Our server greeted us. Very friendly and kept on checking on us. She didn't have to fill up our water cause they bring you out these huge jars for your drinks. Also, the greeter were very friendly and smiling all the time. Very welcoming. Overall I enjoy our time there. Good food and service.
3	Not that impressed...maybe this particular chain isn't too good. Meat was dry and way over cooked. Quantity was large but quality was ehhh.
2	We had heard of the Lucille's in Vegas.  They raved about it, so we decided to give it a try at Tempe Marketplace.  We drove 30 minutes down from North Phoenix.Found the ambiance to be 'cluttered', but probably one of this chains trademarks.  You could tell that some light shades had probably been broken and they had been substituted for something else.  Carpet was clean, our booth was clean and comfortable.We were seated right away, but had to wait to get someone to take our drink order, which wasn't our server.  What they did was go into the kitchen to tell the server assigned to our table they had a table.  That's when our server came out and we gave our drink order a second time.  After we got our drinks, the server said that they would be right back with the biscuits which was the quickest thing done re: the whole dining experience.We gave our dinner order when the biscuits were brought out.  For an appetizer, we ordered the onion strings, which were basic onion strings.  My dinner partner ordered the Beef Tip sandwich w/ mashed potatoes as their side.  The sandwich was lukewarm.  The mashed potatoes were cold.  We kept the sandwich as is, but had new potatoes brought out - these were hot.  Obvious that the food had been sitting on the rack waiting to be served.  My dinner partner made the comment that the sandwich would have been good if it have been hot.I ordered the Cajun Chicken sandwich with the peanut coleslaw.  My sandwich was hot.  Problem was that chicken was cooked so that it was tough.  Tough to take a bite, tough to chew and tough to cut with the steak knife.  Made we wonder about the quality of the meat.Through out the evening we had 4 different servers taking care of us.  Have no idea what our server was doing.  We hardly saw them out on the floor.  When they were, they at least came by 3 times to see how we were doing.  Take note, they were not the one who brought out the appetizer or the food.We also watched as other parties came, got seated and were getting their food before we did.  Our server didn't even bring out the check, a whole other server who was trying to get their food served to their table had to drop it off.The food was nothing special and over priced.  Definitely have had better for less.Can't really rate our server on their service since we had so many different people coming by the table.  Were they nice and pleasant - Yes.  Did they try to fix the problem - yes.  The problem was something that shouldn't have happened in the first place.  The overall experience wasn't all that great from the very beginning.As we watched the other tables we took note that the other tables did not have the entire 'team' thing going on.  Those servers took care of their tables and were attentive to their customers.We will not be returning.  For the money and overall experience and 30 minute drive, not worth the trip to Tempe.
4	Came in pre-movie to have some food and drinks... We were seated very quickly and our server took our drink order... I ordered the special tequila drink and I can't remember then name. :(However it is very yummy, it is basically a margarita with some beer on the top... No not a beerita, it has some "shock" name... It is yummyI think Southern Shock or Texas shock idkFor food I chose the original pork BBQ sandwich.. My sandwich is perfect, the meat is nice and tender with some juices. The Mac and cheese is on pointI love love love the huge mason jars, I secretly wanted to steal one but couldn't hahaThe interior of Lucille's is very different, major southernIt is a big house all around and has a cute patio section, it would be perfect for summer nights
5	We always enjoy our experience at Lucille's. Servers are friendly and knowledgable. Food is hot and delicious. We are regulars here. The atmosphere rocks too.
5	Delicious! Their biscuits and butter are fantastic. I love the bbq chicken sliders, and they have the BEST sides. One of my favorite southern restaurants to visit. Their banana pudding is also amazing.
5	Great ribs, great drinks, great music. I love coming here with the family. Planning to come here with my boyfriend soon.
4	We went, as a party of 6, for the first time yesterday. I liked the menu options - lots of choices. The lunch menu was cheap, many options under $10! I got the stuffed baked potato with bbq chicken. I could barely finish the whole thing - SO yummy!! Decent service, our server seemed new, didn't know much about the beer selection or menu. Everyone left impressed with the food though, and we'll return again!
5	BBQ at Lucille's!  No better place for it. Our server ROCHELLE was awesome. She always makes the best recommendation for a NEW cocktail and encourages me to try something new on the menu. Never been wrong. Such a fun place to go with our group! The little biscuits with the butter...Yum Yum! Thank you Lucilles. We will be back with the whole family next week.
2	Our server, Erin, was "ok." She went through the motions but was quick to say "No" to basic requests that on previous visits were catered to. She wouldn't remove clutter on the table, even when prompted to do so, telling me to just leave it there. She wouldn't be back for the plates for 5 minutes. Ugh, how hard is it to clear our table of the 5 side plates that are clearly in our way? She WAS super nice though, so there's that.They brought out brisket instead of tri tip for a dining companion, with the manager barely managing a sorry while we waited. We asked for a six person table PLUS a high chair and received a five person plus a high chair. All in all, service is what brings this place down.The lemonade is the best part about this place - delicious!The food. Meh. Brisket was not fatty enough, dry, and flavorless. The chicken was decent, and the smoked hot link tasted like mush in a casing. The mac and cheese lacked flavor. Was it okay BBQ? Yes. Is there much better in the Phoenix area? Absolutely! Bobby Q and Bryans up in Cave Creek instantly pop in to mind... Won't be back, as the service is not up to par.
4	Lucille's was a great lunch stop before we left for home.  Had a beer which was Lucille's home brew, (tasted like Boston lager). Got the lunch three meat meal. Tri tip, ribs and pulled pork with a slaw. It was gone when I was finished.  Got an appetizer of fried pickle wedges.  Caitlin got a quesadilla and the chicken was grrrreat.  Kevin got the tri tip sandwich. The only thing left was the sauce.  Renee got a salad with chicken it was never ending, but was very good.  Somewhere were I'd come back if I was in the Tempe marketplace.  Thumbs up
4	Second time here. Really good BBQ, ribs, salads, burgers, sandwiches and dessert. They appear to put a lot of time and effort into their meat preparation and you can taste it. Trio of house BBQ sauces at the table: hot and spicy, original and Memphis - all delicious!Drinks in mason jars (great if you are usually in need of frequent refills). Yummy assortment of sweet, unsweet, watermelon and peach teas. Also, a variety of unique libation choices - including their own blonde, ales and hefeweizen and house made wine).Rolls and cinnamon butter WAY TOO GOOD. Can't go wrong with banana pudding in a mason jar to close out the meal. They use team service and they get it right!
4	Had the pulled pork. As always, it was great! Go try this place if you want some good BBQ.
4	Wow...the biscuit with apple butter appetizer is amazing. The atmosphere is great and so is the food. The chicken is by far the best of the meats. The warm wash cloth at the end seals the deal.
1	I try to give most places a second chance.  Lucille's just had theirs.  Order 10003 2014.01.25.  I was told on the phone that it would be ready in 10-15 minutes for pickup.  I arrived on time as directed but 30 minutes later from time of order I am asking when the order would be ready.  If that was it, I wouldn't be writing this.  Then when I get the order home I find that the beef ribs were very over cooked, and tough and dry.  If they would have given me the ribs when I arrived, I imagine they would have been just right.  As I said, this is the second time for this type of issue.  Now I am sharing it with you.
2	Normally I avoid Tempe Marketplace at all costs, especially on a Saturday night, but a friend insisted on going because he said it was really good food in large portions.  Apparently not so anymore.  Four of us split the Lucille's Appetizer Platter which is basically a sampling of all of the appetizers.  This was good, but then again it's hard to go wrong with fried food.  It's the meat that they really screwed up on.  I ordered the tri tip sandwich, which I describe as slices of beef jerky on a dried out potato bun with a little BBQ sauce.  Funny thing is, beef jerky is exactly how a friend described his steak, which he ordered to be cooked medium and it came out well done.  The only meat that anyone ordered that was moist and tasty was the chicken.  The service wasn't the best.  We were promised biscuits but we had to remind one of the four different servers we had that they still hadn't come out more than halfway into our meal.  Maybe it was just a bad night for dry, overcooked meat, but given the location, prices and lack of stellar service, I definitely won't be returning.
4	Been here 4 or 5 times and have been very happy each time, with some exceptions on my latest visit (1-25-14).I usually get BBQ chicken or Baby Back Ribs and they have always been great. I tried the fried chicken once, it was "OK".. the "fried" part just fell off when I cut in to it. No biggie though!The service up until 1-25-14 had been outstanding and have no complaints about any of my prior visits. This past Saturday, my friend and I arrived around 6:30 and the place was packed like a sardine can. Upon asking for a table, we were told it would be about an hour (good for them for being so busy!). They suggested we could scout out the bar for tables and we did. We found two spots at the bar immediately and sat down.We sat there for a few minutes at which time I took the buzzer thingamajig back to the hostess and let them know we found a place in the bar. I came back and my friend said the bartender came by and told her he would be right with us. After no less than another 10 minutes, watching that bartender and the other bartenders attend to guests seated at the bar as well as every Tom, Dick and Harry that came up to the bar for a drink except us, we had to flag one of them down just to get our order taken. We provided the female bartender with our order and figured we would have a bit of a wait for food as busy as the restaurant was, so we watched TV and talked. The band started playing and while it was cool to have music, it was so loud, I couldn't even hear myself talking to my friend. I know I am starting to sound like a whiner, but seriously, it was loud!Our salads arrived about 12-15 minutes after we placed our order and that was OK, but then our dinners came out within 2 minutes of that, surprising but now I have 90% of my salad and a full rack of ribs in a confined spot at the bar with all of us elbow to elbow. Difficult to maneuver everything without jabbing the guy next to me. The ribs were not as tasty as I have had before, really missing a lot of the BBQ flavor and I also noticed they didn't have as much meat on them as there has been on previous visits. Disappointing for the cost (I believe they were $26). They were still OK, just not good enough to get excited about.Overall, I really like this place and I'm sure I'll return. I won't let this last experience ruin what had been very good everything up until then. I still recommend Lucille's if you are looking for good food and great service, but they'll have an off night from time to time like any other restaurant in the world.UPDATE: not more than a few hours after posting the review above, I was emailed by someone I assume is from Lucille's corporate office apologizing for my most recent experience and thanking me for my feedback. No restaurant will ever be perfect every time, but how they handle customer complaints goes a very long way with me. His email to me sealed the deal and I will definitely return in the future.
1	One star for the food but five stars for their red velvet cake! We got the BBQ chicken salad and the brisket salad and we sent them both back. They just didn't taste right and the brisket was tough. We will go back, though, but just for the cake.Also have to mention that our waitress kind of had an attitude after we returned the food and when she asked how we liked the cake and we said how great it was, she replied, "well I'm glad there was something you liked!" It came across snotty and a bit facetious. Not good!
5	Service was fast, food was great, and the atmosphere was nice. Me and my Girlfriend surely enjoyed our first time here. I recommend trying the Hot n' Spicy BBQ sauce.
2	First time here and the restaurant itself is unique it had a real Southern feel but the service was not too hot. The waitress kept forgetting everything and wasn't very attentive. She finally came around towards the end of our visit but by then it was too late. The food was OK. I had the bbq shrimp but it tasted more like shrimp drowned in cocktail sauce and it was over priced... Probably won't come back blah
3	This place is good but nor great.  The portions are large, ribs and tri tip are perhaps my top choices - oh and the biscuit and apple butter is tasty but not enough to give 4 stars.
1	I was not impressed with the service or quality of food. It seemed to take forever to take our order after submitting drink order.  In addition, the seafood platter ordered did not have any seasoning on the catfish.  Could not enjoy.  One good thing was the cocktail drinks ordered were delicious.   Try the Cherry Spicy Rita and Lucille's Peach drink.
3	I realize this should be obvious, but I urge anyone who wants a healthy meal to avoid this place like the plague.  My mint julep was all ice and very little drink. We went for happy hour and I got the fried green tomatoes and the spinach artichoke dip. There were two slices of tomatoes on my dish so you really do get what you pay for.  There was not a salad that was not drenched in fat, bacon, eggs, cheese etc.  That being said, I realize this is a barbecue joint so if you're in the mood for barbecue they have tons of it! I had a team of barbecue lovers with me, and they were very pleased with the tri-tips and said they were amazing. Happy hour prices are really good. But if you are a veggie lover, in a group of meat lovers, just be aware that you will have a hard time finding something decent to eat.
5	Today was my first experience dining here.  The family and I met to celebrate two birthdays together while enjoying a family dinner.  I can't think of one negative thing about our complete dining experience from the Food to the service.  Our server Mark was hands down one of the best servers I have ever had wait my table.  He was very outgoing and knowledgeable, and just took care of our table from start to finish.  The food was excellent and cooked perfectly!  This will be my go to barbecue joint from this point on in the east valley area!!
3	Loveee the biscuit with apple butter! So bomb!But the rib tip was 50% fat and hardly edible. The mashed potatoes was good.
3	3.5 starsPretty good bbq. It's better than Famous Dave's. We had made it in for happy hour on a Monday. Drink specials were decent. We ordered the fried okra as our app which was pretty good (but what doesn't taste good fried!?). We ordered the backyard platter, pulled beef & portobello sandwich and a rack of ribs. The chicken that came in the platter was really moist and good and everyone was pretty happy with their meals (btw their sweet potato fries are pretty good). Service was okay considering how busy they were.
5	We love Lucille's!  I always get the triple meat lunch with pulled pork, baby back ribs, and burnt ends.  Always amazing.  Shoestring fries are great and the banana pudding is perfect.  We always look forward to the warm wet towel after eating too.
4	I went to Lucille's Smokehouse Bar-B-Que last week, loved the atmosphere, service was different, it was good but different (we must of had 3 different people assigned to our table of two).  I had Brisket and it had a perfect smoke ring around the upper layer, tender and I must admit it was almost as good as what I make.  I had a Margarita that was good as they come. Laura and I shared a Red Velvet cake - heavenly.  The reason I gave a 4 star would have to be the fried onion rings - when the manager walks by a table and asked "How is everything" you would think He or She would notice the full basket of fried onion rings, almost untouched!  I I said Greasy, that would not begin to cover them.  I thought the Manager or one of our servers would have asked  "Was there something wrong with your fried onion rings", but NO.  I will go back and will recommend to anyone to try them out But stay away from the fried and overly Greasy onion rings.
3	My server was friendly but I was not in the mood for a lot of talk.   He wanted to explain everything since it was my first visit.  This was not my first rodeo in a Que restaurant so I didn't need to hear how long the meat was smoked "longer than other places".  First, I ordered a frozen strawberry Margarita - I sent it back because there was barely a strawberry taste.  I then ordered the Back Porch Strawberry Lemonade.  They need to add more strawberries to their strawberry drinks.  Next, came the biscuits with apple butter - great but it is not your traditional southern apple butter.  I had the 7oz brisket - it was served in one inch rectangles and not slices.  It was good but it still had fat.  It was easy to remove.  However, I could not taste the smoke.  Maybe it should be smoked much longer than other other places.  On the table there are three types of sauces - Memphis, original, and hot & spicy.  Except for the Memphis, the other too were watery but good.  The bake beans were delicious.  For the price I was expecting much more.  I will try and find a Que joint instead of a Que restaurant next time.
5	Love this place--highly recommend it for several reasons: ambiance, food, and location. Oh yes...and service. They have the best Strawberry Lemonade in town and their Red Velvet Cake is divine. For appetizers you've got to try their BBQ Wings and our favorite dish is the Pulled Pork Sandwhich. The service is wonderful here because they don't just assign one waiter to you, anyone in a black Lucille's work tshirt will help you. We love their basket of sweet biscuits and butter they give each table before chow time. Being centered at the Tempe Marketplace, near shopping and Harkins Theatre, makes it a family favorite.
5	I am the duke, how can I not write a review? I always love coming to Lucille's. The vibe is right, it's never overcrowded, and it's some damn good service. The pulled pork is by far one of my more favorable sandwiches for BBQ. The pork itself has a great smoked flavor and they just pile it high. I usually pair it with the garlic mash or fries. The mac n cheese is alright, but depending on the day, could be a little soggy. My wife usually gets the shrimp po'boy. Good portion of fried shrimp with good slightly spicy flavor. But those biscuits though, and the apple butter, mmmm. All the staff is super nice, friendly, and fast. I always appreciate the "southern" hospitality mentality. Saturdays we like to sit in the bar area. Usually there is a band playing some pretty good rock and blues. Anytime I have friends or family come visit, we always come here.
5	I love coming to Lucilles the food is great and the service  is great. My favorite is the southern fried catfish and shrimp  you get a lot of food for your money. Of course the biscuits and butter is good to
5	Everyone knows that BBQ is about the sauce........they have amazing sauces!   Great menu options, great food, awesome service!
4	Excellent food, as long as you order the right thing.  Cost is a little bit high, but the food I have ordered has been worth it.Service is slow, granted the last time I was there was a Saturday night with a group of 18 people.  We waited over an hour, our drinks/bread didn't come out for 15+ minutes after we'd been seated, and then we waited quite a while for our food after that.Service might be faster if you time things right and go in smaller groups.All that said and done, I won't hesitate to return when I'm craving some BBQ!
3	The last time I went it was abysmal. I even received a note from management to try and make it better. That's ok, I don't really need a freebie to come in again. We had a large group and when they told me we would be eating at Lucille's, I wasn't a happy camper. Needless to say, I went back because I wanted to enjoy the company of everyone in my group.The service was great. Our server was great. Everyone was, actually. The manager helped coordinate from a high chair to a double sided chair to make it easier for our baby, everyone was happy and greeted us, and when we left everyone said bye to us. I felt very welcome to be there, and everyone on staff should be complemented on that.The food was mediocre, much like last time. The ribs were undercooked; the thickest part was very hard to get the meat off the bone. The brisket was extremely dry. Where is the "moist" brisket that so many places offer, I wonder???Am I a fan now? No, not necessarily, but I will be back for the delicious peach lemonade and the fantastic staff.
5	I have had BBQ from all over the country. This place has some good southern BBQ right here in PHX.The meat is always moist and smoked good. Make sure you try the brisket and the pulled pork! Oh and the ICE Tea mixed half with sweet and half with regular is awesome !
4	There are BBQ-purists whose ideal BBQ menu consists of one item: steak, preferably raw. Me, I wish these joints would branch out a bit, and that's what Lucille's does well. Besides the usual steak, smoked chicken, and burgers, they've got curly onion straws, a fantastic southern seafood section, fried chicken, jambalaya, and a great brisket sandwich. The iced tea and strawberry limeade are pretty great, too.Setting is nice, and I do like the service. Friendly people, even on crowded peak times. One time, I was asking a server his opinion between two items on the menu. He leaned in to explain that, while management doesn't allow him to bash on anything, he really wouldn't recommend the (i forgot) here. That's the kind of genuine catering to customers that I love, and the kind of behavior that would get him fired.
4	SUPER YUMMY! I'm not eating for days!  Peach lemonade is divine!! The one downside was the employees reacted as if they've never served someone with allergies before... My sister cannot have dairy and she told the server that multiple times, they brought the pulled pork out with no bun for her but brought her an ear of corn slathered in butter. The manager was super quick to get involved and get her a new one which was great, no harm done just be aware if you do have allergies to ask and ask again! Overall great experience really fun atmosphere and out of this world food!  Can't wait to go back!
2	Not very good food. Too much $$ for not a very good quality. Biscuits were hard, Caesar dressing watered down and sour. Not very exciting BBQ either. Despite all of that, Elizabeth "Lizzy" was an excellent waitress.
2	I have not been here in a few years, but, I remember it being a lot more affordable, and a lot better quality.  The biscuits were dry and crunchy with sugar just dumped on them. My sandwich was so watery that I had to eat it with a fork and knife and it did not have very good flavor,  I had to add more BBQ sauce to make it edible. The garlic mashed potatoes were bland, seemed to me they were warmed up in a microwave.  The prices are way to high on a lot of things. I used to love this place but I do not know if I will be back. Also the wait was a little much for it being a very slow evening. 30 plus min from ordering to being taken out to us.
3	After attempting (and failing) to get a drink at a different bar in this center (*cough*san felipe*cough*), the husband and I ended up here. It was a Friday night and they had happy hour...awesome! The service was friendly, but a little slow considering they weren't terribly busy. I had the cucumber marg and the husband had the strawberry lemonade alcoholic concoction. Mine was good, it was on the 'skinny' list (less than 200 calories) and it was quite large, so that got it some points, but it tasted pretty alcohol -y, so that was a little drawback. The husband's drink was dangerously good.... sweet and didn't taste like alcohol at all. Anyway, our bill was like 12$ for two huge drinks.... forget the other bars in Tempe Marketplace, the next time I'm over there, I'll head here.
5	I love this place, great BBQ and good lunch specials. Meat is tender, sauce is sweet, and the iced tea comes in different fruit b flavors. If you love meat then this place is for you.
3	This is a very fun looking place. It's busy every time I pass by. Anyway...we went to Lucille's after my daughters graduation ceremony so we figured it would be busy with other families headed there. Boy, were we right.  We waited in the little room off the bar, with a beer, which was nice and relaxing. Table took about 35 minutes. After we were seated everything else took FOREVER.  I heard several severs apologizing for waiting. We ordered drinks and apps at the same time because we figured we wouldn't see our server for a while! Fried pickles and onion straws were good. Not great, but good. What seemed an eternity later our food came. Long story short: brisket-good, pulled pork- fatty, chicken-dry with good flavor. Mac and cheese- soso, sweet potato fries- average. Jambalaya-meh, baked potato- yummy, sugary biscuits-weird. Bill- I have no idea because my dad paid. Thanks dad!! Will I be back? Maybe, but will probably give some other BBQ a chance first.
2	So disappointing. I've eaten here so many times and had nothin but rave reviews; that was before I became a Yelper. :)Server must have been having a bad night because she set the whole time which was basically not good. I want to say how good the food was (appetizer was the fried shrimp and I love it every time) but I don't want to take focus away from how bad the service was. Dang it! I was going I take a picture of the stack of appetizer, salad, and side plates at the end of our table cause they were there for sinking and when I finally decided to whip out the camera she cleared them. Must have seen me typing. Lol. Refills were non existent, server forgot Jen's beer she ordered after being seated and finally brought it after my second refill on soda and after Jen asked for a different beer. She was apologetic and I'm the last person to be mean or belittle a server unless they are outright rude. Our server wasn't rude; just having a bad night i guess. The table next to is were being jerks so maybe it's all their fault. LolOur food came and I ate so now I can talk about the food. Aaaaarrgh! No that wasn't a pirate roar. It was the sound of frustration. I really do love this place. And I was sooooo determined tom order something different than the New Orleans chicken which I can't seem to tear myself away from. Tonight, I was a pioneer; a trend setter; Capt. Kirk. In orders their marinated steak cooked mid rare. Mmmmmmm. Well ironworks have been of it wasn't over cooked and completely bland and flavorless. If that hunk of meat had been marinated for 24 hours like the menu states, it must have been in a bucket of water.  Booooo. See what happens when you try new things!  Jen order ribs and some "burnt ends" bbq'd meat combo. They were good. That's all I can say. I didn't even ask for a box for mine. Also, I'm all for a nice AC environment during the AZ summer but holy smokes, I couldn't find a knife so I cut my steak with my nipples. Good thing I wore long sleeves or I would have had I amputate due to frostbite. Ok so in closing. Jen is quoted as saying, "I loved my food." Everything else sucked. I have never had a bad experience here before I'm over a half dozen visits in the last couple years. That makes this so much harder because I think my feelings got hurt. I have bragged about this place to so many I should be getting kick backs. Don't these people know who I am. Geesh!  Lol. I'm sure I will be back but I won't be so eager to do so anytime soon.  I'm sad now. :(P.S.  Quit taking my silverware and leaving me nothing to eat with. Also, the Mac and cheese was bland and was really bad.  There is virtually no cell service and absolutely no wi-fi. So frustrating. Ok I'm done.
5	I'm hooked to Lucille's. Good GOD! Those biscuits and apple butter they bring out before your food...I could fill up on just those! We've tried their chili, shrimp, pulled pork sandwich, cajun chicken sandwich, and some great drinks like their Strawberry Lemonade (alcoholic of course) and Mojitos. We've had great service every time, and I love the ambiance of the place.I've never been disappointed and keep thinking of when we can go back next!!
3	I came here a few months back to catch up with an old co-worker.  We were seated right away but the service could be better considering it was a slow night.  While the biscuits with apple butter were delicious, everything else seemed to be standard affair.  My friend and I started with an order of fried pickles which ended up being overly salty.  For my entree, I ordered the brisket with sweet potato mash and cheese grits.  My friend had the ribs.  The portions were big and everything was hot and steamy but my brisket ended up being really dry and tough.  After slapping on some more bbq sauce, I was able to choke it down.  The sweet potato mash was delicious and the cheesy grits really hit the spot.  My friend had said his ribs were great so perhaps it just wasn't the right night for brisket and fried pickles.  Boo hoo!I give Lucille's 3.5 stars at best.  There are plenty of other BBQ joints around the Chandler area that are more impressive and Lucille's just pales in comparison._____________________________________________Side-Note:  I received a lovely message from the owner of Lucille's today to give them a second-try on the house.  While I appreciate their gracious offer, I must decline.  I thank the owner for his generosity though.  I admire his work ethics on trying to make sure all his customers are happy!  Very classy, sir.  Kudos for trying to kiss and make up!
1	This is the worst BBQ I have ever had.  I just moved here from SC and should probably move back if this is what AZ considers BBQ.  The grits I had were more like a soup made with cornmeal, terrible.  My beef rib was so sickly sweet I really didn't enjoy it.  The pulled pork was a total nightmare, it came in a pool of liquid making me think that it was recooked in a liquid to warm it back up, it lacked flavor and really had no smoke taste.  The tri-tip was boring.  The sweet tea was more like tea flavored simple syrup.  The thing that was supposed to be a sugar covered biscuit was hard and crispy, not like any biscuit I've ever hadThis place was completely underwhelming.  I make better bbq at home in my oven.  I can certainly buy better in a prepackaged super market.  Not to mention my lunch cost $20.  I will never eat here again
5	Thank you Megan for making our experience amazing!! The food was great and the service here was even better!! I would definitely come back again to try a full rack next time!
5	Awesome!!
5	I love Lucille's. whenever I have a friend visiting AZ I usually end up taking them here. I have never left without being stupid full, and having another meal for later. The apple butter biscuits are dangerous - be careful not to fill up on them before the mealTwo meat combo is always a good choice, I like the St. Louis Ribs and Pulled PorkWe had the sampler app once, and it was just WAY to much food with the entrees, but if you have a group of 5 it would be nice. I love the ice tea selection, they have tons of not-sweetened fruit flavorings with unlimited refills. If you manager to save room, the Banana cream pudding is INCREDIBLE Love Lucille's, think i'm gonna pop in again soon
5	I think I moved to Tempe just so I could go to Lucilles again!Tried it out in January and had two awesome meals! Yeah, had to go back a second time.  There is so much on the menu to try you have to make is a monthly visit.  Love that they have a GF menu as well, although I do cheat and get the fried green tomatoes....awe, now I getting hungry....Favorite is the two meat combo with side combo.  Tri Tips and Pulled Pork is my favorite combo.  They are busy so try to make reservations.  Fun live music and really friendly staff.
5	Great service and great food! Our server's name was Matt and he was exceptional! I got the cheeseburger and I highly recommend it. The BBQ sauce is sooooo good!
4	You really can't go wrong eating here. Just be prepared to wait a while to be seated. Don't fret tho, they have a good bar to get a drink from while you are waiting. You just may hear the band play while you are waiting for your drink! You will usually hear bluesy and jazzy type of music here. I like the decor of the place, old, southern junkyard is what I call it for lack of a better term. Hubcaps, signs, chain link like fences separating the rooms. They have EXCELLENT beef ribs! Add their great potato salad to that and you just may experience the big O while you are there lol
4	Pretty good barbecue!  nice lunch selection.  Loved my Louisiana pasta.  Lots of mushrooms with sort of a spicy gumbo sauce over penne pasta...pretty yummy.  Located in a really good area with lots of fun family activities close.  Lots to do.  nice service.   highly recommend
2	Well , the smell of BBQ got my attn. looks like a good place to go. Got me the St. Louis Smoked ribs very good , but after that whoa the Potato something soup, boy very salty and to much pepper. The Peach Lemonade was good but got to ask for water to wash it down very very sweet. The Buffalo Wings tasted if they showered them with salt . My Wife's Cheese burger no flavor on the patty the buns were too sweet. I was like , either everything is sweet or salty... I order other appetizers but it didnt click ... Took my brother and wife from S.D. I kinda felt bad and it just click to me ,this ain't the South it's Phoenix..... came out  paying almost $ 150 for 4 people. First and Last for me and won't envite my freinds or family.....
5	OMG! So good! Our server was Blake. He's so great! He's awesome for putting up with us (party of 8) and having a great attitude! I ordered beef brisket with Mac and cheese, corn, and sweet tea. Brisket was great. The mac and cheese was real! I love their Mac and cheese! Their sweet tea was amazing and served in a mason jar garnished with mint leaves. I also tried their original lemonade, fried chicken, mixed vegetables, and garlic mashed potatoes. OMG I almost died from the explosions of goodness!The only thing I didn't like, I apologize to those who like them, was their biscuits and corn bread. The biscuits were too crunchy for me and the corn bread was too spongy and dense.The bread didn't ruin it though. This place was BOMB! I love you Lucille's!
4	Really good. Saw good reviews on yelp, so thought we'd try it. Glad we did! Jambalaya and pulled pork salad both really good AND gluten free! Friendly attentive staff and good service. We'll be back!
2	So. The food was worth more than two stars but man was the service horrible. We waited an hour and fifteen minutes for our food. It wasn't the servers fault, she was trying. The kitchen just responded that it's busy. Not coming back anyone soon
2	Okay, let me be honest, I'm biased in favor of Texas Style BBQ - dry rub before being smoked and sauce always on the side, with sauce that is tomato and vinegar based, on the spicy side. Lucille's, while a well run establishment is more towards the the perspective of BBQ coming with sauce on it (even when i asked for the dry as a bone option on a beef rib it had been sauced and then grilled - good but certainly not "dry" BBQ). In addition, all the sauces seemed to be on the sweet side..I will says the service was generally good and the watermelon ice tea, if nothing else I would stop in for a glass of that on a hot day, if I was in the area. In addition, this place is more of a BBQ as a specialty item with a price to match (they seem to charge on the high side), and I'm more in favor of hole in the wall joints like Little Miss BBQ down on University towards 32nd street. One other thing that was exceptional was the hot link sausage - well grilled and more of the beef with black pepper flavor that epitomizes the BBQ sausage in Texas with its strong German roots. Look, my view here is based on my personal tastes and I bet there are some people who will find this their complete cup of tea - if you like "wet BBQ" with a sweet sauce, and better yet, mustard based, this place is for you and I encourage you to get your own perspective. if nothing else a unique place to eat in the marketplace that seems to have a bit more authenticity than your average chain restaurant.
2	Come for the endless variety of BBQ, stay because you can't make a decision. Realize the selection of sides is equally expansive, and just sit there eating biscuits with apple butter until someone tells you to get the tri-tip sandwich with a side of cornbread.I understand why people are lamenting about how stupid the prices are, but come on, y'all. You could totally share a meal with someone here and leave satisfied (as long as you eat yer biscuits.) Now, now, I know what you're thinking, "We don't take kindly to sharers 'round these parts..." But put down your pitchforks, because the portions are proportionally reasonable to their stupid prices.Lucille's lands at 2 stars for good biscuit and cornbread game, solid tri-tip and peanut slaw, and subpar brisket and mac 'n' cheese. In another region, I might toss Lucy a fourth star, but anything less than the best in this BBQ-splattered town just won't win my stomacheart.
5	Let's put it this way, I have never had a bad experience, nor a bad meal. We have been there about 8 times and each time we buy extra bottles of the hot BBQ sauce to take home. I even shipped some to my MIL in Detroit. I highly suggest the Southern Fried Chicken Sandwich - and if you go at lunch you can get it for a few bucks cheaper. My husband always gets ribs and is never disappointed. The fried okra comes with a spicy sauce in which you will also want to dip your other foods. My kids always get the kids' chicken fingers and never have to take a bite home (which is unusual because they are such picky eaters). The biscuits with apple butter are one of the best items on the menu. I have also had the banana pudding which is delicious, but nothing special. I have had better from authentic Southern home cooks. You will leave having to unbutton your pants because you are so full. I highly suggest not eating for hours and hours before you go - you will want to indulge. Typically, we are seated right away. Only one time did we have to wait, but the restaurant is still full all the time. The prices are a bit high, but worth it.
4	I don't know how this place has only 3.5 stars. If you're giving them 2 stars because it isn't the style of bbq you're used to, please shut up. That's a personal preference, not a knock on the food or service they deliver. Judge the place based on how close they meet the mark of what they're aiming for. As far as I'm concerned this is exactly the place I want to come to when I've got a craving for some bbq. The flavor is great, the sauces are good, the variety is all you could ask for and the portions leave me feeling stuffed. I got the front porch and each item was pleasing: Fall of the bone ribs, flavor packed sausage, juicy chicken (the dark meat anyway...white meat was a bit dry). I reserve the 5th star partly for the white meat, partly for the mediocre mac and cheese and partly because I have had better bbq sauce and find that I only really enjoy the "original" sauce out of the three offered. Other places have more sauce options and I like more of said options. Minor criticisms.
4	First visit we ended up leaving because what was supposed to be a 10 minute wait turned into a 30 minute wait and we had a show to get to....but I'm SO glad we went back another time.Food portions are HUGE so don't be shy about sharing a meal or even just an appetizer cuz DAH-YUM you get a lot of food. Love the drinks in mason jars too. Now that's the right way to drink sweet tea!And the food was excellent. In fact, the biscuits and apple butter could easily be dessert...or a meal on their own. WOW. Super yum! Our server Bethany was terrific. She kept our drinks full, was very personable, and had great suggestions without being intrusive. I will definitely be back--and am looking forward to those biscuits and apple butter very soon!
4	So yummy! The peach moon is my favorite drink. They also have good happy hour specials. Gumbo is almost as good as New Orleans.The atmosphere is great and the building and decor is cute.
5	Service: very good. Our server was attentive and friendly and everything came out in a timely manner.Atmosphere: went in for an early dinner, bout 5ish and we were seated within 5 min. Cute decor, very southern style feeling with a fun vibe.Food: everything we ordered was amazing. Finger licking good. Started with the burnt end pieces (can't remember the name but it's from the appetizers) and it was so so so good. Also got the friend okra which was also delicious. I ordered the blackened catfish with mashed potatoes and veggies and I loved it. It was blackened perfectly! I had them out the sauce in the side in case I didn't care for it. My bf ordered the backyard favorite (not sure if that was the exact name) which came with ribs, chicken and some other meat. I tasted all three and they were awesome!! I don't think you can go wrong with any of the items on their menu. Would love to go back especially since it is too hot here to BBQ yourself.
1	How depressing!  We used to frequent the Lucille's in green valley Nv.  I think it was one of the first and it was good good good.  So good we would do our business entertaining there.  When we moved home to Az we were very excited to find that they were putting one in Tempe.  Our first visit was good, but for some reason not as good as Vegas, but they were new and we figured they needed a chance to get started.  Second visit, still not so good, third visit, decided not to go back.  That was awhile ago.  Today, my daughter wanted to have lunch there and she only remembers the Nv Lucille's as she has been in Wa.  for a few years.  So we went.   Here's how it went......She had a Cobb salad and ordered with no eggs, came covered in eggs, sent it back.  Came back with raw chicken......worried me cause although she took it off her salad, it had still touched the rest of her salad and she is breast feeding.  Her husbands fried chicken was so bad that he wouldn't eat it and that boy eats like crazy.  My son had the tri tip that was melt in your mouth in Vegas, but not here.  It was tough and fatty.  I had the sea food platter.  It was something I had never seen. It looked like it was coated with corn meal plastic.  Burnt corn meal plastic.  I peeled it off and there was a teeny tiny piece of cat fish in there.  The grilled artichoke was ok but the dip was wall paste, the fried okra was good, but hey, it's not fresh, it's frozen.  The sweet tea was wonderful and our waiter was nice.  Bottom line......go to Green Valley, next to Vegas.........skip Tempe.  It cost 92 dollars to eat lunch at Lucille's and I use the term " eat" loosely.  I feel like I was robbed!  Not one of us was happy.   I have a lot of good memories at Lucille's years ago, but that was then,  and  this is now.......and now they suck!!!
2	This place was so good when we first went there. Of course this was back when the economy was good for all.... now I must admit we are more careful with our money. We eat out less and we are picker than we used to be.... BUT I think these guys are taking short-cuts too. I used to LOVE the fried chicken meal. OMG you get two HUGE pieces of chicken on top of mashed potatoes. I would end up with left overs or my stomach hurt. We went there for my birthday. The chicken was burnt on the edges. The potatoes were slightly warm at best. I ordered one of those fancy drinks. I am not much of a drinker anymore, so usually one is enough to make me buzz. This thing was 7 bucks and had so very little alcohol in it. It tasted good, but darn I should of just got the sweet tea! At least it doesn't pretend to be alcohol. I really feel this place has gone down hill. They are pretty pricey. I don't have a problem paying if I think I got good food. I USED to here. We rather go to Honey Bears now. They are good for half the price!.........UPDATE....... Ownership did contact me and offer me a gift card so I would try again. I will post when I do. I was impressed with them caring.
4	This place may seem a bit pricey compared to other joints, but it's still worth it.  The Strawberry Lemonade is a must.  I had Brisket, which certainly pleased this Texas palate.  Loved the atmosphere with all the blues music in the backround.  When at the TMP, check it out.
3	Artichoke app not fully cooked. Very expensive for even a half a rack. Pulled pork sandwich ok but dripping with grease. Fried pickles very good.
1	I ate there tonight after many months of curiosity and all I can say is: When it comes to atmosphere, this place is like the BB King theme park at Disneyworld! But SO WHAT?! It's the most overpriced mediocre BBQ in Arizona. The quality of the food is SUBSTANTIALLY better at a chain like Famous Dave's (which they have all over Maricopa County). Purveyors of great BBQ know that it never comes cheap, but this place isn't even good, let alone great. Let me be more specific: Whether you like your ribs "dry" or "wet" isn't the issue. The issue is: Is there any meat on them? I've had great pork ribs from little Chinese restaurants with the juicy meat somewhere between 1/4 and 1/2 inch high from the bone! The baby back and St. Louis pork ribs at Lucille's were more like 1/8 of an inch of meat or less over the bone...and not the least bit juicy. This place is more of a tourist trap than a restaurant. If you ever paid over $100 for a meal for two people and walk away leaving food on your plate because it wasn't tasty enough to take with you, you know how I feel.
5	Our original plan after a trip to Michael's for crafting supplies was to go to Ruby Tuesday's or Dave & Buster's. We drove by Lucille's and said "hey, why not!" My son lives in San Diego and when I visited we went to another bbq place I really enjoyed. I don't normally go to bbq specific restaraunts.. but apparently I should! The food here was really good and the service was excellent. Some of the stuff was a bit on the sweet side for my friends but the ribs are definitely fantastic and tasty! The meat falls right off the bone.. so juicy.  Next time I go I'm getting the Smoked Beef Brisket & Portabello Sandwich - server tells me it's fantastic! Enjoyable meal, nice atmosphere and great service.. We'll be back.
2	I've been back a few times and have had pretty good experiences but Monday night I went in and had such a bad experience. Pretty poor service, in fact, some of the worst I've had. It was like we weren't even there at all. We ordered drinks and it was like automatic confusion. The server who we ordered them from left and never brought them but 10 minutes later someone else asked us if we wanted drinks so we reordered and they came in another 5 minutes. Then after awhile, another person took our order and I ordered a salad 1st and specifically asked for it 1st and it never came. When our meals came, I told the 4th person we spoke to to cancel my salad. My friend ordered the corn and asked for extra butter for it. It never came so we stopped a server (#5) and asked for melted butter. He said "no problem"! But....never returned. We flagged down a female manager who apologized and went to get it. By the time my friend got butter, the corn was cold. We were there for approximately 1hr and 30 min and I got burnt ends and iced t and my friend got a tri tip sandwich and an iced t. Simply ridiculous. Never was asked about appetizers, never asked if we wanted dessert and never were we checked on during the meal. It's a good thing there are so many restaurants within a 5  miles radius because I certainly don't need to spend my hard earned money here.
1	My husband and I went for lunch. There was one woman in front of us speaking with one of two hosts when we arrived. The two of them couldn't quite figure out where to seat her in a restaurant laden with empty tables. They also didn't acknowledge us with even "I'll be with you in a moment." After patiently waiting, we asked to be seated in the enclosed porch, which was fine. It took a while for our server to come, but she was cheerful & pleasant. Thought our lunch may be looking better, but no. Remaining service pretty slow (even with what they called the "team approach"), portions small for the price, food bland, barbecue sauces average at best, cornmeal crusted catfish and shrimp very heavy. Not impressed at all. There are many other barbecue choices in the Valley with excellent food, service and prices so we won't be wasting our time at Lucille's again.
1	Went there for dinner Last Night and the Place was packed. After waiting for 15 minutes we got seated and the service was very friendly. We ordered the rib appetizer, we had no idea ribs could possibly be so dry. We had a hard time cutting them off the bone.Husband had fried catfish and shrimp , I had the BBQ chicken salad. Everything was bland and tasteless. Our bill came out to $65 and that is just ridiculous.I haven't left so unsatisfied from a restaurant in a long time. We won't be back.
5	Just had lunch there this afternoon. The food was great. We also enjoyed the sauces they have on the table. Our server, Robert, was attentive and friendly. It was a nice dining experience and I plan on coming back again.
5	This place was amazing great atmosphere nice hostesses . It was pretty quick on a busy night and I like how they send you friendly text messages on your phone when your tables ready . They have indoor and outdoor its a nice theme it looks like there would be a swamp right next to it lol . But yes the food was great I got a 3 meat plate I dont remember the name but I was half a chicken with baby back ribs and some brisket oh my goodness the brisket was awsome especially with that hot bbq sauce yummy and you get 2 sides so I got garlic mash and mac and chesse it all tasted so good I will be returning I had a great experience oh and I cant wait to eat those biscuits they give before your meal man so good .
4	I've been here twice and the food is exceptional. I came here on 10/14/14 and got the Quarter pound chicken lunch special with brisket burnt ends. My boyfriend got the regular brisket plate with macaroni and fries. We also got half order of friend pickles as an appetizer (best ones yet)The chicken was amazing, nice smokey flavor and juicy! Brisket burnt ends were good no complaints here. My boyfriends brisket were good but the macaroni was average nothing too special; fries were the worst, it was skinny like straw fries and super stale! I thought I had picked up a bad one but they were like fries that had been left out for too long. This place is also a little pricey but you pay for what you get. Our total bill came out to 40$. I would probably choose this place over Famous Dave's the BBQ restaurant chain.  BTW, the free biscuits are to die for with cinnamon sugar butter!
5	Before Lucille's BBQ came to AZ we use to frequent this restaurant in CA.Decor in Southern Style and always great prompt service.  They start you off with biscuits and an apple butter, but ask for the honey to eat with the biscuits. There is such a large selection of ribs, the beef ribs are huge,  baby back are always good but I prefer the St Louis Ribs because of the size and how juicy and tendor that they are always served. You also choose 2 sides which all are good. My favorite are corn bread,  mac and cheese,  corn on the cob and baked potato. If you order a drink it comes in a mason jar with unlimited refills.The restaurant looks like you are in the South and I love the leg lamp by the restroom like in "A Christmas Story".What ever you order you can't go wrong everything is always excellent. Will be back when I get the bbq fever. Goo d job Lucille's!
5	I went for lunch. Had a tasty strong Margarita on the rocks. Nice hostess, free biscuits, & WOW! Carolina Stuffed Baked Potato & Salad----DELICIOUS!!  It's a little expensive & takes some time to make, but WORTH the wait/$.
5	Excellent customer service! Went for the bread pudding, it was phenomenal, as was the peach cobbler. The waiter recommended a tasty brew, perfect for the weather and paired well with our sausage appetizer.
5	I was sooooo pleased with my experience here. The serving and wait staff were super friendly and helpful with their suggestions. And the food was amazing. All we had were desserts and an appetizer and the quality and presentation were great. I can't wait to come back and enjoy a full meal here. I am definitely suggesting this place to my friends and family.
3	*edit* the owner of this restaurant reached out to me and offered a gift card as an apology and invitation to try the restaurant again. I will edit the review again when I go back but  adding a star for exceptional customer service. Went for my boyfriend's birthday with our whole family at the start of October. Our waiter was excellent and very friendly (he even gave my aunt a back massage when she jokingly asked for one when he asked if we needed anything else).The food wasn't too expensive for what it is supposed to be. Pricing is reasonable.  Food quality was sub par for everyone in the party.We ordered beef and pork ribs as well as a steak and some shrimp.   Appetizers were delicious, but the meats were very underwhelming.  Two of the people in our group left feeling queasy from the odd tasting sauce on their ribs.The biscuits and butter were fantastic though, and I may go back just to have the spinach dip appetizer and biscuits one night.  Maybe we went on an off night.
3	*edit* the owner of this restaurant reached out to me and offered a gift card as an apology and invitation to try the restaurant again. I will edit the review again when I go back but  adding a star for exceptional customer service. Went for my boyfriend's birthday with our whole family at the start of October. Our waiter was excellent and very friendly (he even gave my aunt a back massage when she jokingly asked for one when he asked if we needed anything else).The food wasn't too expensive for what it is supposed to be. Pricing is reasonable.  Food quality was sub par for everyone in the party.We ordered beef and pork ribs as well as a steak and some shrimp.   Appetizers were delicious, but the meats were very underwhelming.  Two of the people in our group left feeling queasy from the odd tasting sauce on their ribs.The biscuits and butter were fantastic though, and I may go back just to have the spinach dip appetizer and biscuits one night.  Maybe we went on an off night.
3	-My shrimp po-boy needed more "food lube." There was just a tiiiiny bit of remoulade swiped on the bread. Also, I'd prefer more of a 1:1 bread-to-filling ratio on my po-boy. This was more like 4:1 (all bread). Moral of the story, I think I should order bbq next time if I'm at a bbq place.-The bbq sauces are good, very molasses-based (except the Memphis-style one), and delicious. Kyle's pulled pork sandwich was delectable. -Nice sides. Authentic braised greens, delicious corn on the cob, watermelon slices, shoestring french fries, mac n cheese, cheesy grits-- all looked great. The prices kind of stopped me in my tracks, to be honest. I kind of saw the place as more of a Red-Robin type stop, but most dishes here are at least $15, even sandwiches.
1	One word, food poisoning (read below)I want to give this place a good review but I just can't. Went today and received awful customer service, very slow. The private room we were in was freezing so we asked to turn it off and they server said he would do it ASAP, which he did, but it took 15 minutes to do so. Then as he finishes taking our order, he asks if we want biscuits and apple butter while we wait... Uhm hello apple butter, Yess please. About 20 minutes later 9 out of 11 meals come out, no biscuits yet. Then finally the biscuits come, so much for those coming out while we wait) and my food comes right after. We still had one person who had no food. I will say I was happy when the manager came and addressed the issue saying it should have come out with the rest of the food. She graciously took her meal off the check. Yes we had a larger group but none of us ordered complex food like ribs or pulled pork. Majority was chicken sandwiches. My chicken sandwich was pink in the middle and I didn't notice until I got into the middle. Everyone was done eating so I just gave up. Now as I sit here at 4 am, I am wide awake due to being sicker than a dog all night. I'm sorry for the one star but food poisoning is no joke. I will say that the apple butter lived up to its name.
3	My friends and are scattered all over town, and Tempe Market Place seems to be the central location for us all to meet. For whatever reason we always end up at Lucille's and we don't know why. The drinks are large, and tasty. The raspberry lemonade has been ruind for us, since a little kid at the booth next to us drank about 5 of them, and threw up on our feet. (The poor restaurant had to re-seat half the section! This kids parents just patted his back, instead of running him to the bathroom... what the heck?!) I was really hoping an old 10% managers discount for that - but nothing. The food isn't the worst... but it certainly isn't the best, or the cheapest. I do like the pulled pork, but fast food Dickies does a better pulled pork. The bar decor, is very New Orleans, and feels very... I don't know... unsettling to me. I can't put my finger on it. Sadly, as indifferent as I am to this place - I am sure we will end up back here, because we ALWAYS end up here. One of us needs to speak up, because I can't be the only one that isn't wild about this place.
5	The food here is amazing every time!  I have been here many times and have never been disappointed. If you are looking for good authentic BBQ this is the place to go. I love their BBQ sauce, especially the hot and spicy!  The service is always on point here and they all have a great attitude. I love this place. I always get the country fried chicken sandwich. The rib appetizer is also a must try!
5	Lucille's smoke house right smack down in tempe marketplace who specializing in southern cajun meals. Walking into here was not really what i expected looking at it from the outside as i notice these patio tables with older table clothes (don't quote me on that). My first impression was amazing the stuff was super busy and they where still able to say hello as we walk in. My first impression was comforting and as i sat down waiting for our server the smell of a smoker came to us and to notice there is really look like there is a smoker right behind us which i would have never have seen if it wasn't for the smell.Now 30min have passed and no server. I really should have gave this 3 stars but once are sever came it change.Server- Simone was our sever and me and my wife can say she turn it all around. Not looking tired or stress she greeted us with a smile.  She was very honest and recommended dishes that we will like. Fast with drinks and also recommended beer right off the bat. Thanks for selling me on the 5 beers i had. Overall Simone was what made our and made this 5 starsFood- Per Simone she recommended we get the bbq two meat combo which was amazing. Came with two side dishes and two meats, the beef ribs and tri tip where to die for. The mac and cheeses was amazing and the sweet corn was the best the we ended up buying two more side dishes. If any of you do decided to come here get the two meat combo it will fill you guys both upNext time I'm down here hope Simone is here and will sure be back with groups of friend. Ask for Simone best sever i have ever had.
3	The BBQ is "ok" I was a little disappointed after eating here.  I was visiting from Georgia. Now follow me when I say, "the people are nice, but the service was lousy!"  I believed I asked three different waiters the same question and never got an answer.  I just gave up.  If they are busy, prep to wait.  The friend pickles were good and so was my salad.  If you love and know your bbq, this isn't the place.  If you want a tourist kind of place to eat, this is for you.
5	My favorite barbecue eatery in Arizona! Exceptional service, unique decor & very friendly staff. Prices are in line with Famous Dave's but Lucille's ribs are the finest around. Great service. 5 stars in all areas.
3	We were disappointed with our experience for the prices that are charged although I must say the service was awesome.  Our server Simone was wonderful.  The food was mediocre at best.  They cheesy grits were not cheesy.   The mac and cheese had no flavor.  The kids grilled cheese was soggy.  The fried chicken was overdone.  The kids pasta and the french fries were good, but that's not enough for me to find my way back to this establishment.
5	Amazing place! A little pricy, but it is totally worth it. The staff was fast and super friendly and the food is top notch! I will definitely be returning.
5	The people were great the BBQ Was Even better  . I had the tri tip sand which and it was awesome. We will definitely be back
3	It's okay for franchise bbq. I like that the menu has many different selections to choose from. The fried pickles are delicious. I like that they had the spears over the chips. The fried shrimp appetizer was good and had decent size shrimp. My friend had the lunch combo with a beef rib and chicken. He was very disappointed that the rib was the size of Tyrannosaurus Rex but had the amount of meat as a squirrel leg. He was expecting a meaty rib considering the price of the lunch entree. We sat in the bar area. Our service was below average. We waited to be acknowledged. We waited for our order to be taken. We waited for our drinks to be delivered. We never got checked on after our meal was served. Our drinks were not replenished. And waited even longer for our check to come. A $50.00+ lunch for two was not enjoyable.
3	We decided for our Christmas holiday dinner we wanted a place that serves a lot of food. Well Lucille's is that place. The atmosphere was fun and lively and the restaurant was pretty big. When it came time to order bbq it was!!! The food was good. We had the full slab of ribs, blackened catfish, cheese grits and collard greens. The cheese grits were delicious. The fish a little salty for me but everything else was good.
4	Delicious, I will return for sure!
4	Lucilles was great tonight.  I went in with my family and sat in the bar area.  There was a old school blues band playing in the background with the bowl games on.  All in all, it was a good vibe.  Got the pulled pork sandwich and used the in-house BBQ sauce on top, it was very good.  My sister tried to order a shredded chicken sandwich but was told they do not have one and she will have to order shredded chicken sliders.  Not that big of a deal, but why couldn't the server just have someone put the shredded chicken on a bun and charged the same price as a pulled pork sandwich?  Anyways, the shredded chicken tasted awesome as well!
4	This is a great BBQ place!  If you love ribs, chicken, brisket, or anything BBQ, and lots of it, this is your place.  If you want a meal without a ton of calories don't come here!  Even before your meal comes you get biscuits with sugar and butter in them!  This is a preview to the food feast yet to come!The prices are a little steep IMO, but quality is great. Service has been excellent every time I've gone too.
5	We loveeeeeee this place. Too bad it's a bit far from our house. The restaurant itself is located in a busy mall so finding parking can get a bit hectic but besides that the place is huge. We have never had to make a reservation even with a big party. Once you get seated and get your drinks they bring these amazing honey biscuits to die for. The menu selection is huge. Almost to hard to settle with one dish so we usually stick with the most popular item, of course the Ribs. The ribs are fab. You also get to pick your own side dish like Mac & cheese, mashed potatoes, string fries or beans. No matter what you pick its going to be good. The cocktails are good and service always fast. The part that my husband likes the most is their prices. Ver very reasonably priced. We have never left room for desert so I wouldn't know but I'm sure big portions as well.
5	It's been a while since I've been to a restaurant  that wowed  me in every way. So when one does I have to give kudos. Lsb  is amazing . Excellent  service, food is phenomenal. I was born in the real South  not this horrible  South West.  Alot of places here try and emulate southern  cooking but none even come close, Lucille's hit the nail right on the head.  I generally  don't care for restaurants with junk all over the walls but there decor had a down home country  charm wasn't over the top like Cracker Barrel,  who makes you feel  like your  In a bad episode of little house on the Prairie. 10 stars can't wait to go back!!!
