3	Excellent meeting facilities.  Great staff.  Just a little difficult to find if you're a first timer.
3	When a friend asked me to go in with him on a travelzoo deal to the River's Club, I was excited to get to try a new place and get a great deal. The travelzoo certificate my friend purchased was for 4 people to receive an appetizer, entree and dessert each. The total was $109. We made reservations for a Friday night and made our way downtown. When I was finally able to find the Club (2 elevators and 7 floors later), I was suprised to see that the huge dinning room was almost empty. There was only one other table dining. When we sat down, the maitre d informed us that with the travelzoo certificate, we would have $129 to spend for the table. We wer quite confused and taken aback by the fact that the certificate clearly states 4 appetizer, 4 entrees and 4 desserts but instead we were told that we would have a $129 credit instead. We looked over the menu, did the math and realized that 4 apps, entrees and desserts would be well over $129. when we explaied our disappointment to the maitre d, he first stated that there was nothing he could do and later offered to buy us a round of drinks. We obliged and carried on with our meal. The waitress picked up on our dissappointed but did not apologize or try to help. Rather, she talked to us as little as possible making the entire evening very awkward. As for the food, we ordered the zuchini and ricotta fritters and the caprese kabobs. The fritters were excellent and kabobs were very good as well. Both appetizers were large enough to share. My dining companion also ordered the beer cheese soup as an appetizer. He really enjoyed the flavors. For my entree, I ordered one of the specials- chicken pesto. I found it odd that my enree came with a salad but the rest of my dining companions did not get a salad. The entrees were fairly small. They covered about 50% of the plate. My chicken was seasoned well but was rather dry. My husband also felt his chicken dish was slighlty over cooked. For dessert, my husband and I split the chocolate cake. Again, nothing special. Overall, the table felt that the food was good but small portions. However, we were all disappointed that we puchased a specific deal that they did not honor.
2	I ate here with my girlfriend and 2 other friends a couple of Fridays ago.  We had reservations for a Friday night and whenever we arrived there was only one other table in the club.  Since the dining room is fairly cavernous, it was almost awkward.  As you would expect at a finer dining establishment the tables were covered in white tablecloths and there was silverware on the table for a number of courses.  We were sat near the windows which overlooked the Monogahela River and I imagine that the view would have been pretty great but since we were visiting at night in winter, there was not much to be seen.Our table decided to start off by splitting zucchini and ricotta fritters and the caprese kabobs while I also ordered the beer & 3 cheese soup since I thought that it sounded good.  The fritters were not completely what I expected but were really good and lived up to their name of fritters.  Meanwhile the caprese kabobs left a little to be desired as they were just some tomatoes and cheese on a kabob with a little balsalmic drizzle.  Finally my cheese soup was an interesting mixture.  I could taste the beer but it also tasted strongly of American cheese, you know the singles kind that you buy presliced at the supermarket?  So while I enjoyed it initially, by the end it sort of tasted like I was drinking a grilled cheese soup which wasn't the most appealing thing.  For my entree I went with the grilled lemon-basil chicken and rosemary shrimp while my girlfriend went with one of their specialties, the honey and lime swordfish.  Whenever our entrees came is when the service went from awkward to just plain weird.  I should say that all of dinner up to that point our server was very standoffish and made us feel uncomfortable.  Well she did not clean off our appetizers and plates before the entrees came even though we were finished with everything well in advance.  Since we were only at a 4 top, our table was fairly full and dishes and the first dish that she served she ended up hovering over one of my dining companions until he made room for the entree.  While I have made room for entrees on the table before, I don't know that I have ever seen anyone pressured into it by a server.  In any case I ended up thinking that all of the portion sizes for dinner were fairly small with none of them covering more than half of the plate that they were served on.  My entree still was decent as the lemon flavoring on the chicken was good even if my chicken was dry and rosemary always pairs well with shrimp.  My girlfriend ended up describing her meal as a piece of frozen fish stuffed onto a plate with none of the promised honey & lime.  Since she is not normally one to say bad things about food, boy am I glad that I did not get that. The bottom line for me is that I really hope that I never come back here in the future.  The service that was provided was awkward and left me feeling uncomfortable and the food was nothing to write home about either.
5	This is a great venue, even if you're not a Member.    The Club is open for breakfast and lunch Monday-Friday and dinner Tuesday-Friday. And they are closed on the weekends for private events.    The athletic level is open from 530a-830p Monday-Thursday and 530a-8p on Friday. On the weekends, the athletic facility can be utilized from 830a-330p.    The RIvers Club hosts a weekly Wednesday Night Live - live jazz music with prominent jazz artists in the Pittsburgh area. Also tied with this are the bi-weekly 2nd Set Jam Session and Networking Happy Hours - these invite local artists to talk about their projects and allows other musicians to jam out. Wednesday Night Live is open to the public. On occasion, there will be other events that are open to the public.    Members and their guests are invited to all of our events. For details on our events, please call the Club or visit their webpage, Facebook, or Twitter.
