4	When I go to Vegas, I am there to visit family and enjoy some gambling and food.  I stay and play like a local, so I prefer to spend my time and money Downtown.  The Strip is great for tourists, people who like to party and families with kids, but I am none of those, so I don't miss the glitz and glamour of The Strip.My favorite upscale restaurant to eat at (and I eat there at least once every visit) is Second Street Grill inside The Fremont Hotel.  It is a Pan-Asian steakhouse with lots of great seafood and steak.  It is a little hard for wheelchairs to get in and out, but they will work with you to make sure everyone is comfortable.  The ambience is classy with low-lighting and the casino noise is pretty much nil (until someone opens the door and even then it's not bad).  The service is usually great (They have occasional slammed-busy nights) and the busboys, waitstaff and hostesses do a great job.I love the food here - not only is the presentation nice, but the choices are varied and quality is excellent.  There are a few dishes that I have not liked as much as others, but that happens and it's subjective.Appetizers are big and can be shared between 2 people - I highly suggest the caprese salad ((Fresh tomato slices, chopped basil, balsamic vinegar and beautiful fresh mozzarella cheese) , the soft-shell crabs (Crispy and tender and so flavorful!),  the Peking duck tacos (A little messy, but so yummy!) or the sashimi (Super fresh and delicious).  The shrimp cocktail is also really good with gigantic tiger prawns cooked to tenderness (not rubbery and over-cooked) served with a really good cocktail sauce.For entrees, the steaks are always good - the filet mignon is tender and flavorful and the New York and Ribeye steaks are big and meaty.  The pork is thick and juicy and the whole fish is really tender and a great presentation.  The only entree I have had where I was disappointed has been the Tempura -- The batter was thick and heavy and I didn't care for it.One of my favorite entrees is the lobster tail.  The lobster tails are HUGE - I am talking the meat, out of the shell is gigantic.  Not only is the lobster huge, it tastes great and they will remove it from the shell for you if you ask them to.  The drawn butter is served over a candle to stay warm and melted throughout the meal.The desserts here are really good.  They have changed them recently, so the creme brulee is no longer available, but the ice cream is always good!This place is not cheap, but it is completely worth the money to get away from the noise of Las Vegas and enjoy an intimate and fabulous meal.  Most people shun the Downtown areas as being low-rent and where losers and old folks hang out.  What they don't know is their loss - in my opinion, the gambling is better Downtown and with Second Street Grill tucked away in the Fremont, the food is great.
5	Best Alaskan King Crab around...period!The Second Street Bar & Grill is definitely an upscale treasure sitting cozily in the Fremont Hotel & Casino. Quiet, cozy, and the perfect escape from the casino floor. Casual to upscale attire recommended and this wouldn't be a good place if you have kids. It's somewhere people would go to find a cozy quiet dining experience only feet from the casino floor. The grill specializes in American cuisine with Pacific Rim influence including a unique array of fine dishes including steak, fresh seafood and poultry. As an appetizer we had the Hunan pork and beef lettuce wraps. This could easily have been an entree for 2 on it's own. Flavor is top notch and the portion was huge.As an entree, I had the Alaskan King Crab legs (38) and it was the largest serving of crab, perfectly served, and the BEST crab I've ever eaten in my life. It was a steal at a $38 market price. The crab stuffed prawns (28) were HUGE and just as filling. Side dishes, like the salad and baked potato, weren't bad but were average. Dessert, which I barely had room for but couldn't resist, was awesome. I chose the Cheesecake and it was one of the best I have had. Dessert is $4 with purchase of an entree...otherwise it would be $7. Well priced either way. Our waiter was Tony, who appeared to be the only waiter on shift. Tony and the busboy were perfectly timed and were on top of everything and everyone dining. Be aware that they seem to only be open after 5pm and they are not open every day...reservations don't appear to be necessary but I'd recommend it if you're going to dine there on a Fri, Sat, or Sun.Spend-o-meter: expect to spend $100 for 1 app, 2 entrees, dessert, and sodas. Value: very goodService: top notchNegatives: none
4	I am suprised there arent that many reviews of this steakhouse, it's an amazing value.  I am a local and work downtown.  Over the course of a few months I decided to try every steakhouse in the Fremont area so I knew where to take friends and family who visited.  My steak of choice is they Ribeye, and this joint delivers.  Medium rare, comes on a bed of potatoes with the crispy onions on top?  Why doesnt every steak have crispy onions on top??? Just sayin...  Add a side salad and you're good to go for less than $30.  Then take the $10 you saved on your huge steak and tip your server well!O, who was the winner of the steak-off?  There isn't one, you're in Vegas and they all know steaks.  They aren't $1.99 though =)
5	Wow what a relief.  Was afraid I was going to end up in some crappy Vegas buffet. You find yourself walking through downtown Vegas certain that you are NEVER going find a decent place for Dinner and stumble into the Fremont, poke your head into the Second St Grill and instantly you know you are in a good place.  The service and food are OUTSTANDING.  I am a steak snob and the Rib eye here was better the the one I had at the Billagio, no I am not kidding.  The staff makes you feel comfortable, were very attentive and knowledgable.  Very clean, unlike the tpyical downtown places and even compared to the Fremont Casino.  The menus has a great selection, steak seafoods, pastas, salads.  We had dinner for two without drinks for $55.  Not a downtown fan at all but I would make the trip again just to eat here.  A nice break from the street circus.
4	Enjoyed this place immensely.   Went there for Valentine's dinner (on Sunday not Monday - a day early) and had a reservation but didn't need one.   The place only has about 20 tables and most were empty.  What a shame because the place is great and talk about atmosphere.  I thought the Rat Pack would walk in at any moment - very elegant old Las Vegas.  The staff were so friendly and attentive.  Oh and the food was great too.  For appetizer we had the dim sum dumplings that were delicious.  For the main course, I had the miso cod with bok choy and loved it.  My partner had a steak and with cheese and loved it.    All around it was a great experience.   But don't gamble downstairs or you'll end up eating at McDonald's.
4	I was surprised to find this place stuck inside the Fremont Casino.  It's a nice romantic steak house, and while you're in their you forget that you're even in a Casino. First they bring over bread and 3 different toppings for the bread. Butter, garlic Olive oil and an eggplant spread. All were great and the bread was fresh and warm. I ordered the New York Strip with gorgonzola on top. It was served on top of crispy fried onion strips, mashed potatoes and broccolini. I usually don't care for steak while out, but this was delicious. And my steak was actually delivered medium, like I ordered (something I wasn't expecting for a steak house inside a casino).The servers were all nice and the atmosphere was relaxed and peaceful. It was a nice getaway found inside the hustle and bustle of a casino.
3	Located in the Fremont hotel and casino, this place is tucked behind the Tony Roma's.   The entrance is so plain and small, you could easily walk past it.  There are about 20 tables inside and it's darkly lit.  We had the stuffed pork chops, the T-Bone Steak and Salmon Florentine with Gorgonzola.  The pork chop was presented well, but over cooked.  It was dry and tough.  I had the Salmon which was good and flaky.  The combination of Gorgonzola and the red pepper sauce was good.  The T-Bone steak was meh.
5	No joke from the other reveiws! this place is great. I love downtown but lets face it you usually get what you pay for down there lol....and seeing how we were going to party down there we didnt want to spend the money on an expensive steak dinner that we would probably end up puking up anyways. But this place truly is a hidden gem! We made a reservation and as to my surprise we had a reserved table as soon as we got there.  The customer service was awesome not only from our server jose but the hostess as well as their kick-a** bartender that could actually make a singapore sling!  The ambiance in the entire place actually had me and my fiance of five years bringing back our long lost romance! The food was absolutely great  no complaint  and good portions! The rib eye was awesome! For the first time i got a bill that suprised me on how low it was.(appetizer, Two dinners,  and drinks $98....$25 or more of the $98 on drinks)  Go and enjoy!
5	Wow!  May have been the best rib-eye I've ever had, especially for the price!  I am so glad we discovered this place while staying at the Nugget - it is just across the street in the Fremont Casino.  Excellent service on top of excellent food (with hearty portions)... I ordered my steak medium well and it was cooked perfectly.  I'll be back!
5	Even though it's in the Fremont Casino, its a Fancy Restaurant w/ DELICIOUS food. My favorite is the Asian Chicken Cesar Salad & Rib eye. The Salad is SOOOO GOOD, our Vegas group always has to eat there, every time. I crave for that salad & order it as my entree, most of the time. And most unique is the Duck Tacos, which I don't eat duck, but everyone else seems to LOVE them.
1	Will never go back to this restaurant again; the service was terrible, server did not even get back to see if the food was done right, tried to get their attention.  Steak was over done and steamed fish was under cooked.I will not recommend "Second Street Grill" to anyone.
3	I think there are better options in the Downtown area. The service was great but the Loco Moco was cafeteria-style.
3	Me and my wife stumbled upon this restaurant when we were just browsing the nightlife in downtown vegas. So I made a reservation and we waltz pretty much right in since there are not really that many customers around. When we walk in the hostess asked if we needed the wine list. Wait? Arent you supposed to be a fine dining steak house? Maybe its because we are a couple of asian that looks to young to order any wine. Still, wine list should come automatic without asking. Weird??When we sit down, our server an old lady showed up and asked us within the first minute, so are you ready to order? WOW!!! No what,why, if and but, just straight asking like we are at the mcdonald. AMAZING. No wonder you work in downtown, cos I dont think the strip will hired you.The rest of the evening was pleasant, I ordered the prime rib queen size which is pretty big already and my wife ordered some fish which she enjoyed very much. All and all, the food are okay. The old busser are pretty nice, he make sure that we have our water filled almost immediately and taken all our dirty dishes. The salad that comes with the meals are pretty nice and tasty too. At the end of our meal, the server just pop in and drop us a check maybe hoping that we dont order any dessert so that if we stiff her its not too painful. All the more reason my wife would like to order some dessert, so we ordered the napoleon and it was wonderful. Dont worry, we didnt stiff the old lady, except the greet and the ending, she did an ok job and that warrant a 20 percent tips. Is there room for improvement for the management for a service training, sure. What about food, they are wonderful. Pretty good deal for the price. Will I come back? Maybe not in a little while, there are a lot of steakhouses in downtown and I heard an awesome steakhouse called Andiamo is coming soon at D Casino, cant wait to check that one out.
3	Service and atmosphere were great. Food was just ok. The duck taco appetizer was salty and underwhelming. The blue cheese new york steak was the best thing we had. We used a certificate for $40 off but we wont be going back anytime soon.
5	This  place was incredible!  For $20 I got a huge delicious prime rib with bread, side salad and baked potato.  We will definitely be going back to this place next time we are in Vegas!
4	OK; I am a regular visitor to Las Vegas, but I cannot remember ever writing a review for the Second Street Grill in the Fremont Hotel.  My late wife and my family and I have eaten here many times over the years.  We made reservations for 7:30 pm and that was good since it was packed with people waiting and people without reservations wanting to add their names to the waiting list.  I heard the hostess tell them that their wait would be 2+ hours or more.  We also requested and got assigned my favorite waitress there -- I will not add her name to this posting since I don't know if she would approve of me doing that.  But part of my good dining experiences in all the Vegas restaurants that  I frequent, is due to the special servers that I always request.  Without good, knowledgeable, and courteous service, your dining experience could be the pits!  Anyway, I had a small salad and the assorted tempura platter -- I thought this was excellent (as usual).  It contained about 4 large pieces of vegetable tempura, three large/jumbo shrimp tempura, one whole soft shell crab tempura, and big piece of fish tempura, and some other things that I have now forgotten.  I ate my full and couldn't finish, but my piggie son finished it for me.  And even after eating his dinner that he ordered!!  He ordered the combo escargot/scallop appetizer -- three escargots and three giant scallops in garlic butter with garlic bread.  A large salad with cukes and tomatoes, and then his Mongolian rack of lamb with garlic mashed potatoes. He ate it all and mine too.Oh yeah, as usual, our liquor bill was about equivalent in $$ to our food bill.  But that is normal for us.  The food here is pretty good -- not outstanding, but pretty darn good.  And they give us regulars very good service.  I would also say that the prices are high, but not unusually high for a semi-fine dining place.  I would say that they are no higher in price that other fine dining establishment.I will always go back again, maybe even this coming weekend since my daughter this time wants to go to Vegas with me.
5	Great experience at this place... BYOB in Vegas - really? Yes! We brought along a couple of our own nice bottles of wine and paid a small corkage fee. The portion sizes are HUGE so it's a good idea to share a meal. We had the stuffed pork chop that was so moist and juicy and it was paired with mashed potatoes and string beans. Warm rolls with butter and garlic were served prior to our meal arriving. Our friends got the steak special that looks awesome too.  Everything was very good. I'm adding this place as a definite go-to for every Vegas trip now.
4	Over the years, I have eaten at Second Street many times over.  My family has been regular guests of the California Hotel for 3 generations.  Since the Fremont is a Boyd property, we will mosey on over to Second Street for dinner every now and then.I will say that for steaks and prime rib, the Redwood in the Cal is superior, but I find that the menu at Second Street is a tad more progressive.  I can always find something a little different than what I ate the night before.
5	So good, we ate there twice!We had the pleasure of stumbling across Second Street Grill during our most recent trip Downtown in August. We stayed at the Fremont Casino and Hotel and did not feel like venturing out to find something to eat, and we thought we would stop in for the T-bone special for $22.95. The decor of the restaurant was very quaint,  subtle and classy with perfectly dim lighting. Wait staff was attentive, friendly, and on top of everything; our glasses never went empty! On our first visit, we opted not to get the T-Bone special. Instead, we went with the Chipotle Rib Eye, and Mongolian Rack of Lamb. Both were phenomenal, well seasoned, and cooked to perfection. We had the crab cakes as an appetizer and they were delightful. You could not have received a better meal at a better price at any of the higher end steakhouses on the Strip, that's for sure. We were so impressed with the service and food quality that we went back a few nights later for a second feast. This time, we both took advantage of the T-Bone special, and I can't imagine a better meal for the money. The salad dressing on the house salad was incredible, and the bread basket was delicious. Steaks were perfectly done, seasoned well, extremely tender, and we ordered ours with loaded baked potatoes. Don't forget to order desert!All in all, Second Street Grill is an amazing hidden gem in Downtown. If you are staying or playing at the Fremont (which we both love), you couldn't ask for a better restaurant.We are making another trip to the Fremont in November, and we already have our reservations made for Second Street Grill. Can't wait!
5	I went there last night after seeing the reviews here. We checked out some other dinner places in the area but decided on Second Street Grill. This place is fine dining at its best. When we went in we thought it may have a dress code because it looked like that type of place, but they had no problem accepting us in shorts and casual wear. I ordered a pasta dish and so did my GF. We were both very happy with our meal. We started with Escargot and Scallops in a garlic sauce that was excellent. Great place!
5	Another great dinner at 2nd street grill. Ask for Gloria, she's gives the best service and a wonderful lady! My favorite dinner here starts with the hot spinach salad, enough for two people. Then the fresh lobster! It's a quaint little place that we love. Every time in Vegas we stop in. They also have great crab legs and an asian menu too. Sushi is awesome! The restaurant is sort of hidden in the Fremont Hotel, in the casino area right around the corner from tony romas restaurant. After you're done with dinner, play the wheel of fortune. I won here!
1	I didn't even get a chance to taste the food before I can add a review. Our waitress was extremely rude and clearly overstepped her bounds with my food. My party was a party of 7 so the bill and tip was going to be fairly large. I ordered the Alaskan king crab legs and asked what it came with and was told a side salad and a baked potato. So I said ok let me go ahead and order this. She asked what was my dressing I asked what did they have was told all the dressings then my friend said I got a Caesar salad. So she said do you want Caesar dressing or a Caesar  salad we both agrees on the salad. So the apps arrived and out drinks and them the "Caesar" salads come out. It's a chicken Caesar salad not a side salad. So I asked why did she bring this and she said it's what I asked for I told her no I assumed it was a dinner salad not a full on meal salad. She was very rude and them said I didn't have to eat the salad and she took it off the table. I them has to tell her to put my food back on the table and she still was making comments about what I asked for. I had to get kinda rude and tell her just leave it. I'm very disappointed at the level or service I received and that's taking away from the overall experience.
5	We were suspect when we walked into the casino, but pleasantly surprised with the quiet ambiance and cheerful and friendly reception at the door. We were seated in a large booth and quickly greeted by our good natured waiter Tony. We weren't expecting much from the wine menu, but again pleasantly surprised by the selection of good wines at good prices....we got an Italian Pinot Grigio for around $28. I got the prime rib, a hearty and delicious cut for under $30...dinners came with salad and potato at no extra cost. My friend got a salad and the dim sum app, and really enjoyed that too. Our waiter Tony continued to check on us and the service was excellent.To top it off the hostess Charlene was an absolute delight and we really enjoyed her good nature and attention to us and the other patrons. U can't beat having a really good meal for 2 with bottle of wine and a 20% tip and get out for around $90! We highly recommend this place as an excellent "sleeper" off the strip in the Fremont area!!
1	My friends and I went to Second Street Grill this past week and had a horrible experience. We originally chose this restaurant because of the positive reviews and it was also close to the show we were going to afterward.We arrive at the restaurant with reservations and were immediately seated. Then we waited for 15 minutes for our server to come around...there were only about 4 other tables in the restaurant at the time. Finally our server, Gloria, comes over to our table. I asked her what the Gluten Free options were on the menu and she said we don't have anything that is Gluten Free. I was leaning toward the steak and lobster special so I asked her how that was prepared. She said there was butter, which wasn't gluten free, on the steak and lobster, and the sour cream on the baked potato wasn't gluten free either. Clearly she didn't know what Gluten was and was making stuff up as she went instead of asking the chef or someone that actually knew. Finally I said I'll take the steak and lobster and the butter was fine. Our table also asked for a side of bacon as well. The food comes out, I have a dry steak and a dry lobster...no butter on either. It was the worst steak and lobster I have ever had. The lobster tasted like it was a month old and the steak was the lowest quality steak for a $$$ rated restaurant i've ever had. 3 of us had ordered steak and not a single person had received a steak knife until we asked for one...half way through our meal because no one came by to check up on us and the bacon never came out. The server visited our table maybe 3 times during the entire dinner, once to take our order, once to give us water, and once to give us our checks. There are many places to eat in Vegas, don't waste your money here. Not only is the service horrible, and maybe it was just Gloria, but the food is cheap and not on par with the prices.
3	Food - greatPrice - greatService - ok until the end. The guys took over 20 minutes to bring me the check after I asked him for it.
4	They have a whole fried snapper that is out of this world good!!!It was off the menu for a while, but they have it back and I highly suggest going for the fish!!!!The four stars is definitely just for the fish! (although the escargot was amazing too)The fish is a wok fried whole fish that is prepared perfectly! They serve it with a soy dipping sauce and a tarter sauce, but the fish needs neither.... it is perfect all on its own.The bread they bring out for the table is very fresh and I really liked the honey mustard house dressing that was on the salad.The restaurant is located in the Fremont Hotel downtown. The location is 3 stars. It does feel very old school Vegas though.The service is hit and miss... definitely 3 stars...they put forth an effort, but not so much of an effort to leave any kind of an impression. I however love good food... so atmosphere or service can take a back seat for the quality of the food!I will be back very soon for that fish!! (Please keep it on the menu Second Street)
1	Talk about going downhill.  We have been here several times before and the food was very good and a great option when you are downtown.  That has all changed. The food was mediocre at best, and certainly not worth what was being charged. They clearly changed vendors or downgraded the quality of the beef they used because all of the steaks were terrible - tough, tasteless and despite being ordered at Medium came at shoe leather - so back they went.  The worst part of the evening, however, was the atmosphere and the manger's refusal to tone down an extremely drunk and loud party of 3. I know, how can a party of 3 disrupt an entire restaurant?  Vegas, baby! They did. I have been at super bowl sports bars that were less noisy.  It is a small dining room, so one loud party allowed to do their thing will ruin (and did) the dining experience for everyone else - with the manager's blessing.  We complained to her as we left, given our complaints to the waiter were only met with stares of there is nothing I can do.  We will never be back. Take you money and go play MegaMillion.  Your odds of having a good time are far better than throwing it away here.
5	My husband and I have been dining at Second Steet Grill for several years.  The new menu is excellent with a diverse offering of everything of appetizers, steaks, seafood and desserts.  We love the staff who take care of our every need.To Tristan C., what is wrong with asking if you need a wine list?  You are the kind of person who would say that they are trying to sell you wine if offered the list?  Also, it is very rude to refer to a staff member as an old lady.  We know who you are talking about and the person is not an "old lady", has worked at Second Street Grill since it opened and is one of the best servers we have ever experienced.   Tony and Jesus are also excellent servers.
1	The miso glazed butterfish was inedible. It tasted like it was bathed in soy sauce - way too salty.The mozzarella and tomato "salad" was basically a soup - drenched in dressing.
4	OK; I am updating my reviews because I am seeing unfavorable reviews lately for this restaurant.  My daughter and I were there on 10/26 for dinner.  As always, we had a good dinner with good service.  They put back the whole, deep-fried fish on the menu and I ordered that cause I love it.  I couldn't figure out what kind of fish it was, but it was fine.  My D ordered crab legs and she said it was fine too.  Gloria was our server, as I always ask for her.  She has done a great job for me over the decades and decades that I have been going here and she was great to us again.  So I guess I do not understand the negative reviews of others recently.
4	Excellent atmosphere and service!!  If you are at Fremont and want to eat somewhere special, then this is the place!  Split the ribeye and it was thick, juicy and huge!  The food was very good, but barbecue on steak is not really my thing.  I will go back again!  Really loved the service!
