5	We Loved our experience at Forever Diamonds. The most helpful and friendly staff of any jewelry store I have ever been too. Excellent prices and so very very helpful.
5	I have lucky enough to come here 2 x's now. I can only say good about this store. Rusty helped me the first time. He was so kind as to explain everything to me about gold and silver. More than i ever knew before. They have beautiful high quality items that are new, and they also have some wonderful Vintage pieces as well. Very unique pieces that you would have a hard time to find anywhere else. The thing i really like the most here is you do not feel pushed, you are treated very nicely weather you are there to buy or sell. Lots of parking in the lot as well. It is located in a large shopping center so it is easy to find. I feel they are very fair and honest and you won't feel cheated. So isn't that the best part of all.
5	I couldn't agree more with the other two reviews.  Everyone at this jewelry store is wonderful!  I had a ring designed there and Rusty was wonderful to work with.  Their prices are very reasonable and you know you are getting what you pay for!  What I am always amazed at too is that months will go by before I have a reason to go back there, yet they know my name and make me feel like family.  Look no further for your next jeweler!
5	A friend of mine recommended that I check out Forever Diamonds when I was shopping for an engagement ring.  I have been in there a handful of times, a few for engagement rings and again looking for wedding bands.  Each time, the staff has been very friendly, helpful and patient.  My wedding band came in with some imperfections that couldn't be fixed.  A new band had to be ordered and they took the old one and ordered a new one, no questions asked.  Second one was perfect.  I will definitely be back for future jewelry needs.  A+ customer service!
5	I brought my wedding ring for repair of a minor stone and prongs tightening. I googled the place before I went saw that it was family owned and had been around for years. I was instantly greeted shown impeccable customer service, I had a few watches needing batteries and a clasp adjustment this was finished within the "blink of an eye"...The store manager faxed my information/estimate to my insurance as well, talk about a "keeper"  in my book!The store manager was polite, store was clean, orderly and the diamonds shiny they have jewelry for just about any occasion. I will be upgrading to another wedding ring this year as well! My go to jewelry shop has been overturned by Forever Diamonds I shall look forward to many purchases and cleanings ect,. with them!!!!! Thank UAs for price range i am giving it 4 $ because money is no object when you are dealing with fine jewelry in a classy establishment and with a personal caring touch! Although, i did not see any pricing outlandish..if you want a 2 or 3$ then go to a "pawn-shop" :-) it is up to what YOU are looking as for pricing. If you are on a "budget" they can definitely help you there as well, if you are looking for mid price same, now if you are looking for the "almighty-rock" I am sure they got you there too! Enjoy!!!!
5	I have to completely agree with the other reviewers, everyone who works here is great! I had some jewelry that I needed to get a quote for and found them online with great reviews. So..I gave them a try. Rusty helped us and was very personable and very knowledgeable.While I was waiting for my quote, I found a charm I wanted to purchase. Their prices are very reasonable. Rusty also beautifully gift wrapped it for me.   I was so impressed. I had gone to a few other jewelers in the area and was very disappointed in not only their service but also their products. I would HIGHLY recommend if you are in the need of a great jeweler, give Forever Diamond and Rusty a try. I highly doubt your be disappointed.
1	This is from the perspective of a customer who brought in a piece of jewelry to see how much the store would offer for it.The piece in question had been professionally appraised by a certified gemologist. It took him almost 30 minutes to complete the appraisal. I brought the appraisal with me as it showed the clarity and cut of the diamond. The lady who looked at the piece did not even bother to check it out. Neither did she present any credentials as to her qualifications to appraise jewelry. She took a few minutes to evaluate the ring and offered 7.65% of replacement value!! Not all diamonds are created equal, far from it. Will never recommend this place to anyone and if anything advise against it. Who knows if you are really getting what you pay for.
5	* Knowledgable, quality, friendly  & overall fantastic customer service! * Fair trade in value.* In house jewelers * I'll be back!After going to different local jewelers for an appraisal on some items I wanted to sell & an estimate for getting my wedding ring diamonds replaced (and feeling taken advantage of) I found Forever Diamonds on Yelp :) I got a MUCH better offer on my appraisal. SOLD. The end. Before and after pics coming soon...
