5	I am 100% not afraid to admit that I "fake bake" every now and then. In fact, I'm proud to say that I've been fake tanning 15-20 times in my life. While I won't go so far as to expound on the many benefits of "sun therapy" (which my old tanning salon in CA used to on a very large sign in each tanning room), I will say that I find tanning in a bed very relaxing and enjoy rewarding myself with a nice glow. I had seen this location of Club Tan many times--ironically enough, while going in and out of my kickboxing class at the martial arts academy, which is right next door to Club Tan--but didn't bother to go in until a month or so ago when I felt like I had started seeing results from the class and wanted a tan to go along with the tone. Plus, in the harsh Phoenix winter, my summer glow had definitely started to fade. Anyway, I was greeted by the owners, Chris and Gary, who were really friendly and very clearly explained all of the salon's offerings. Since most people's choice of a tanning salon depends on the type of beds and pricing options, I figured I'd pass along a simple breakdown:Bed Types: -Cobra (normal bed): $8 for single session, $22.50 per month, $49 per month for unlimited use, $99 for 2 month unlimited plus one month free, 1 UNIT-Montego (one up from normal bed; appears to be the standup kind): $15 per single session, $49.50 per month, $79 for 1 month unlimited, $159 for 2 month unlimited plus 1 month free, 2 UNITS-Lotus (high-end bed with higher exposure; this is the one that I used): $20 for one session, $99 for 1 month unlimited, $199 for 2 months plus 1 month unlimited, 3 UNITS-Cayenne (highest bed with very little exposure time needed): $26 for single session, $79.50 per month, $120 for 1 month unlimited, $240, 2 months unlimited plus 1 month free, 4 UNITSAs you can see, each bed has a corresponding unit value. You can also buy packages that consist of units (and not uses of a particular bed), so that you can mix and match. This is what I got, although I ended up liking the Lotus bed so much that I just requested it again when I went back. I tanned for 8-10 minutes each time and got a really nice glow. If you're interested in getting rid of some winter pastiness, definitely check out Club Tan. I don't know how the other locations are, but based on the way this one was, I'm willing to bet that they're worth a look (or a few minutes in the bed slathered in coconut scented lotion!).
3	Look, I have mixed feelings about this place.  On one hand, the facilities are well maintained and the staff don't constantly try to push useless product as they do at other tanning salons.  But I still had a rough experience regarding my monthly contract, which is a little tough to let go.  My only advice is that you do not sign up for the monthly deal, and thus avoid immature backlash from the owner in the case of a dispute.  Otherwise, you will get what you pay for and enjoy as pleasant a tanning experience as you can likely find in an average strip mall location.
5	I know... I know. Tanning=Bad. But I likey.I have been going to Laveen Tanning on and off for the last 2 years. Mostly before I have a trip or event coming up. I originally purchased a 3 month unlimited pass, but my skin didn't thank me for that. So last time I went in I opted for the unit purchase which is much better for me, especially because the Units don't expire. The facility is clean and there is hardly a wait when I go in. The 2 gentlemen that run the business are great! They are always friendly and usually see my pull up and park, and as I am parking they grab my lotion. (Also, very convenient for them to keep lotions in a plastic baggy in a secure room... Did you know that when exposed to heat lotions will break down and stop working... that stuff is way to expensive to be destroying.)My one word of advice is that they need a website! They had one, but the prices were not updated. Now I can't find one. In this day ALL BUSINESSES need a website!!!!
5	I dont fake and bake often, because its bad for my skin etc. etc.  But I love the experience at Laveen Tanning so much, it makes me want to come back all the time!  Though I only come in for  five visits a year the owners have remembered my name since day one which I think is exceptional, kind and considerate.  My lotion is out and ready before I am in the door, beds are always cleaned promptly and thouroughly and if I have to wait I can be assured some quality chit chat in the mean time.  I would totally recomend this business!  There are lots of payment and plan options, if you cant figure out which works best for you, then I feel like thats not the owners fault.
2	While it's a nicely kept salon and the workers are friendly, they need a lesson in timeliness. I tanned here for several months in preparation for an event and it was seriously closed for no reason several times. Sometimes there would be a sign on the door saying someone would return at such-andsuch time.. I waited, and no one ever came. That was REALLY frustrating since I paid for the monthly unlimited package they hawked to me. I think most patrons do the unlimited package so it really gets my goat when they randomly decide not to have anyone work that day. It's not like they lose money, right? Nope, just ticked off patrons. On the plus side, the beds are nice, newer, clean, and when the staff is there they are very pleasant. The rates are comparable to other salons, and they don't try to shove expensive lotions down your throat. At the end of the day I would rather go to a place with more realiable service for my money. But unfortunately there is nothing else available in that part of town.
1	I am not a fan of their billing practices. I thought it was great that I could put a hold on my account for $5 and not have to pay the monthly fee (which is too high in my opinion since I now pay $15 less a month elsewhere), but was charged the full price anyway after I was told I wouldn't be.When I called the day my card was charged and asked why, I was told I had not signed a paper stating that I wanted to put my account on hold. How was I supposed to know I had to sign something if I was never told??? When I said I wanted a hold for the next month, he said that was fine and he would make a note of it. Where is this paper I am supposed to sign? It was obviously his mistake, but he would not own up to it and give me a refund. I was given to run around a lot. I was told a few times I would have my call returned and never did. He stopped answering when I called all together, but when I called from a different number right afterward, my call was answered right away. SHADEY! I was offered a credit by the owner but never took him up on it. Instead, I canceled my card so they would stop charging me since I no longer trusted him to do as he said. The male owner and his partner are very chatty, but gossipy and told me information about other members I felt was inappropriate (names, where they worked, etc). Very unprofessional and bad businessman.
5	Friendly staff and great beds
4	I had my first session yesterday. I found Laveen Tanning immaculate. The lobby the rooms. The staff the location were very informative and courteous. If Laveen Tanning is near your home, or work i'd strongly consider stopping by, and getting a tour of the salon,so you can see for yourself.
1	AWFUL customer service, AWFUL policies, AWFUL business!!! It is the only tanning salon in the area, so if you don't want to drive you don't have much of a choice. But honestly, these guys are awful. I had a tanning membership for three months, and I came close to 60 times, out of those 60 they were closed (during business hours) at least half of those times. With signs like; back in 10 minutes (which I waited for 45-50 minutes each time). There were a few times where they were closed two hours after opening, with no sign at all (suggesting no one came in to open). You can spend your money here- but you will be waisting ALOT of your time waiting around to tan.
