5	I've been searching for a fully licensed massage and spa around my area, I had a very bad case of stiff neck a few days ago where I couldn't move my neck at all, and still having an issue with my neck. Found this place and went in for the first time because of the $50 for $75 Yelp deal, and I am amazed how awesome this place is! As soon as I stepped in, I was greeted by 3 big smiley faces! Yvette the owner is extremely nice and explained to me what type of massages they offered. So I went with the "Therapeutic 60 min" massage from "Nelly", and wow! Trust me on this, ask for Nelly if you ever stop by! She is so talented! And my stiff neck pain totally went away! :)They are offering a special monthly membership deal - $49 a month and you get a free 60 minute full body massage every month (You can save these up as well!), and all additional massages are 50% off! And this includes all skin care/facials! I was already going to come here every 2 weeks, but this monthly deal is outstanding for me. I am already a member lol!
5	Can I just say.... Amazing, amazing, amazing! Yvette, the owner, has been my massage therapist for over 10 years and I just love her! She is professional, knowledgeable and all around amazing with her techniques. If you want to feel 1000% better, go see her!
4	I am a fan of this place- Yvette was great, professional and HELPFUL.It sounds like she has a following from locals and I can see why.The only disappointment was that when you do memberships, apparently they don't carry over into the next month. Although the review above mine states they do, the secretary told me it does not-twice.Sadly, this is a deal breaker for me, my schedule can be insane at times and to think I would lose that massage for the month...well, just didn't do it for me.If you have a flexible schedule and can take advantage of the monthly membership-DO IT! If you think you might skip a massage, you should skip the membership.
5	I've been going to Yvette for about 3-4 years now and she is just amazing!After having two major surgeries she listens to the areas to avoid and focus on.I can not recommend her more!
5	Yvette was amazing, in fact, i tried someone new and she RUINED me... (PM me if you really want details). I called Yvette and she explained that massages most definitely do roll-over. Got my new appointment booked!
5	I was visiting my MIL who lived down the street and found this place on Yelp.  They are amazing! Yvette and staff were so nice and accomodating.  We each got the 30 min scalp, neck, and shoulders massage as well as the 30 min foot rub ($65).  Well, by the time she got to my feet, i'd passed out and was snoring! that's a good sign :) I HIGHLY recommend this place to everyone!!
5	I made an appointment with Yvette the owner You will be greeted by her or her daughter Noel, made us feel so good just coming in the door. for my Mother who is 82 yrs. young and she was fantastic! My Mother couldn't stop talking about how much better the massage Yvette did to make her feel like a new woman! I too made many appoints. since with Yvette she is Miraculous wonderful! I am so glad to have found her business I have many massages in my future. I also got some gifts certificates for my friends to go also I know they'll feel so awesome! I feel like I really have a friend in Yvette in LasVegas and I live in California! Valerie Y.Go to Miraculous Massage You'll be so Happy She's the Best!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I've been having frequent lower back pain, and went in yesterday for a 90 minute deep tissue massage from Yvette and it was by far the best massage I've ever received. So good I almost fell asleep on the table, I don't know that I've ever been so relaxed during a spa service. Fast forward to today; I've been drinking more water than usual (a given after you get a massage) and really feel like a lot of tension has been relieved although I have a few mildly sore muscles. I should note that although they offer a wide range of spa services, this isn't a full service spa with lockers, saunas or showers. Not only is this a place you could take your significant other for a relaxing day together (they offer couples massages) it also caters to those of us who suffer from frequent body pains for on-going preventative therapy. All in all, I rescheduled another massage before I left the office and am looking forward to getting another massage from Yvette. TIP: Make sure to be on time! This spa is on a seemingly tight schedule, and you'll probably lose time on your massage or your appointment altogether if you're late. If there's a CON I could think of, it's that this place is too busy.
3	My boyfriend wanted to surprise me with massages for our anniversary. It was both our first times getting a massage. The massages themselves were very good but we had a lot of miscommunication beforehand. He bought Groupon deals, a 90 minute for me and a 60 minute for himself, originally planning to have two separate massages. When he called to make the appointments, he was told that we could upgrade to the couple's room for an additional $10, which we decided we'd do, since it was our anniversary. The day before our appointment we got a confirmation call where the receptionist also asked if he would like to upgrade his massage to a 90 minute one as well, to which he declined. Upon arriving, we were greeted by our therapists and receptionist happily. Turns out upgrading to the couples room would be $20, ten per person, which was really no problem at all, but would have been nice to know before we agreed to it. When we were ready for our appointment, our therapists told us that we would be in separate rooms and that there was no way we could use the couple's room since we had massages of different time lengths, which we understood, even though we had already paid the extra fee to upgrade. It just would have been nice to know all that information before we were charged. We waited while the two therapists and receptionist tried to sort things out. One therapist said we could use the one room and the other said that we would have to have separate rooms because she had another appointment right after ours, but that she would speak to the manager about giving us a discount for our next massage (we live in San Diego so who knows when that would be lol). That was fine, so we started our massages. About ten minutes in, a knock on my door and it's the other therapist saying that we'll do the couple massage and she'll leave after my boyfriend's 60 minutes. After all the miscommunication and confusion I didn't really care, I just wanted to start the massage. The massage itself was really good. Apparently my back is really tense so my masseuse was using deep tissue techniques even though my massage was only supposed to be a swedish massage. That was nice. I felt a bit looser, and even though some muscles were a little sore, I was satisfied. There was really no clarification after the appointments were finished. We were sent away with smiles. I'm not complaining though, the massage really was good. Three stars for all of the miscommunication and delays beforehand.
1	I purchased a groupon for this place.  I realized I was able to make an appointment with them online (or, request for an appointment) for a massage through their website as soon as I purchased the groupon.  I called them today confirming my appointment for this afternoon since I didn't receive a confirmation call or anything from them and the lady on the other end of the line told me they're all booked and won't be able to see me (even though their schedule posted online says differently).  She then proceeded to ask how I will be paying for my non-existent appointment and I told her I had a groupon.  She told me they won't be honoring it until next month.  I had high hopes for my experience here, unfortunately just the communication before the massage was a not-so-helpful one for me.  I am getting a refund back from groupon and will be spending my money elsewhere.
2	I responded to an ad of Craigslist for an one hour facial. The ad stated it included a pumpkin peel, steaming, extraction, and massage on face, neck and shoulder. Everything started off good but at the 40 minute mark I noticed they were applying moisturizer and I hadn't received the steam or extractions. The lady said thanks have a good day and left the room. When I went to the front to pay, I told the person at the front desk everything was good but I didn't get the steam/extractions. She said it was probably because with a peel, they don't do extractions...huh? Then why put that in the ad? I can wash my own face. Even a basic facial always includes extractions. I feel like I fell for a bait and switch. I paid, left and will never return.
5	Miraculous spa is by far the best spa I have been to in town. The staff is very sweet and they don't keep you waiting for your appointment like at other spas. I got a microdermabrasion facial from Carla and it was amazing! She has such a soft touch and doesn't kill you with extractions like other estheticians. My skin has improved so much since I started going to miraculous spa and I would recommend anyone to go! If you want glowing skin, friendly service, and a good price, go to miraculous spa!
2	This review is strictly about the customer service, not the spa or massage services themselves. Reason is that my experience was limited to phone customer service. On July 8 I bought a groupon for 2 massages for me and hubby for our vegas anniversary trip first week of Aug. In early July I called to schedule our appts for a Sat. I did not receive any phone or email confirmation of my appt time. Once we were in Vegas, we mistakenly thought the appt had been for Sun and missed it on Sat. When I realized the mistake and called them Sun morning, they tried to say they left me a voicemail on Sat, but I had neither any missed calls nor any voicemails. Supposedly they had deleted the record and couldn't confirm what phone number they had called (convenient). I tried to reschedule for that day since we were leaving vegas on Mon, but they were not very nice on the phone, as if I offended them or something, and we ended up with no massages. So while I can't speak to the quality of the services themselves, the fact that they took so little care in helping right the situation, and took no responsibility for the fact that I did NOT get a phone call from them, especially as a new customer trying their business for the first time, I was very disappointed.
5	This was my first time massage, excellent work and great customer service. Highly recommend.
5	The best place to get a massage.  I like their customer service.   Every time I go there, they ask and serve me drinking water.  They always give me a member discount when I make an appointment.  I first found this place at Groupon and I've always gone there ever since.
4	I went to Miraculous Massage based on a deal I found on LivingSocial. I have zero massage experiences to compare it to, but I got a massage and a facial right after. I have had a few different facials, pumpkin peels, etc. I'm not giving 5 stars because it did take me a couple tries to actually get the appointment made. A few calls, no one answered. Left a message, finally someone called me back. They DO have an online system to set an appointment, but I wanted to make sure they knew I had the LivingSocial deal.Some pros include the fact they are a clean establishment, although small. They did offer me water while I waited. Nice music plays throughout the establishment and everything is quiet and tranquil.As for my massage: I had the therapeutic massage, and I let the lady performing it know I had never had one before. She kindly let me know how it would go and I was very glad to have her explain the process to me. We go on nicely during the massage, she asked only a few times how the pressure was. She may have been a bit too talkative in my opinion. I don't mind a bit of small talk, but this was a bit much in my opinion. Of course I've never had any other massage to compare this to. After my massage she also showed me some easy stretches to perform based on what I had told her about my left shoulder hurting and how much sitting I do behind my desk every day.Next I went to my facial, and it was great! I just loved it. The woman performing it was quiet and did not speak much except to tell me she was going to extract some blackheads - ugh. That hurt and she just kept going at it. At least I knew she was doing a good job. She even massaged my arms, head, face, and shoulders.I left feeling great. The next day I definitely felt a bit sore, but it has been a month since my massage and I still feel A LOT better than I had before my massage.I would go back here, but it is quite far from where I live. However, based on this good experience I may have to suck it up and take the drive.
1	It's impossible to get appointment in this place. Specially when you mention that you bought your massage on Groupon or Living social. You just get treated differently, and i don't understand why.  The lady hang up on me 3 times now and promised to call back, never did. And while on the phone i hear walk ins can be scheduled any day, while for me they said it's 2 weeks wait, and still didn't make an appointment. Very upsetting, because the place seems very clean and nice, and i heard good recommendations about massages
5	This place is so wonderful. Blows massage envy out of the water. Signed up on a deal from amazon and then ended up signing up for the monthly membership and both my husband and I have been going for months now. This place is very clean. The office staff is very friendly . Yvette is amazing, she actually listens to me and not only listens but remembers me And my needs. I would definitely recommend miraculous massage to my friends and family members. My husband isn't as picky as I am, he enjoyed all of his messages by multiple massage therapist.
1	My review is not about massage its about service. Dont buy any Groupon or Leaving social for this place. Just waste of money. Impossible to make an appointment. I didn't have chance to use my Groupon last year (they just unavailable for costumers with deals I guess). This year my friend w her Living social deal faced same problem. Btw if u dont have any deals or coupons they got plenty of  time for you.
4	Great find for full body massage. Way off strip helps to keep price reasonable. If you have the time and the means, would definitely recommend
5	Love this place! I bought a Groupon for them last year. I had no problem booking any appointments. Yvette is amazing! This is by far my favorite spa in Vegas.
1	The owner Yvette is rude. She had rescheduled my appointment for today and I showed up at 8.50 am for a 9am appointment and no one showed up. I left at 9.25am, I then emailed Yvette and she pretty much called me a liar. I even emailed her a copy of the reschedule confirmation she has emailed me, yet she was still rude. Her response was pretty much like it was my fault and that she would offer me a discount, but I probably wouldn't want to come back. Screw her and screw this business and that kind of customer service.I spent half hour to drive here and have a nice massage on my day off and it turns out to be a shit day, thanks miraculous massage for nothing. You are a small fish in a big pond, you should remember that your customers are your bread and butter.If you can avoid this place and go elsewhere.I used to own my own business and would have never treated my customers like this
