2	Googlin', Yellow Paging, and even Pizzahut.com'in........Where the hell is your phone number. I know this PizzaHut hasn't gone out of business because I live 2 blocks away from it and yet surprisingly the phone number isn't listed anywhere.  This is the one on Buffalo and Blue Diamond Rd.I just decided to go drive there instead of making a phone order and asked why they aren't listed on the internet and they said its not the first they've been asked about this.  They have no answer to why but it didn't matter and I just wasted my time because they don't even deliver, haha. With that aside, the lady that was serving me was very friendly and gave me a fridge magnet with the phone number on it.  I don't usually go to pizzahut to buy pizza but decided to add it on with my orders of 44 piece wings since a large with 3 toppings was only $10 and the wings were $25 for 44 piece. Very good deal.Maybe it's just me but I regret ordering the hottest flavor for the wings because I freaking couldn't handle it.  Wings were good though but just too hot for my taste so my lil' 15yr old bratty brother showed me up by eating all of it. I'd def come here for the wings but as far as pizzas goes, damn it tasted like a $10 large pizza.  I ordered the hawaiin toppings which was pineapple, sausage, with pepperoni.  The taste was very bland and nothing, even a tad bit to tickle my taste bud. But thats what I get for being cheap that day instead of going to my fav local joint, Familia Pizzeria.Pizzas at PizzaHut, lesson learned.
3	Fast delivery and great specials are 2 reasons to order this when you don't feel like cooking and are not in the mood to ,eave the house.
3	I was planning on having a movie night, so I decided to order some pizza and wings. They have a special right now, $10 for any size pizza with any toppings, so I ordered a large pizza with half pepperoni and half mushrooms, peppers, sausage, and onions. The 8 wings I got were an extra $6.99. The total came out to about $21 because the delivery fee is $2.50 and it specifically states, "This does not include the deliverer's tip." I placed my order at 6:20pm and the expected delivery time was 7:02pm, but it didn't come until 7:14pm, which was a very long wait for what I ordered. If I knew it was going to take that long before placing my order, I would've just ran down to Little Caesar's to get some Hot-N-Ready pizzas. Nonetheless, the pizza and wings were decent and the delivery lady was nice. If she didn't give me free dipping sauces I probably would've given this location 2 stars.
5	I've been so tired of Papa John's lousy service and awful tasting pizza, I decided to give PH a try.  After several deliveries, I have found them to be friendly, fast and they make a great pizza.  For kicks and grins on my last order, In the "special instructions" field @ pizzahut.com I asked for a hand drawn dragon and unicorn on the boxes and they fulfilled the request and made my son's day, thanks Pizza Hut!
3	Better than papa johns right next door
4	Pizza is very hit or miss in Vegas so when I wanted a sure thing, I came to Pizza Hut.In my opinion there are few things which can top a stuffed crust pizza.  Normally I don't even eat the crust, but having the unique cheese filled crust is something I really look forward to.I ordered using the online feature and requested extra sauce (I wouldn't have even thought to ask if it wasn't on the site).  The advantage to online is no need for coupon clipping as they have many online specials.Pizza Hut is a definite "go to" when it comes to my at home movie nights!
4	I have always loved pizza hut! This location is pretty consistant with any other Pizza Hut location.  We had delivery and our items arrived within 30 mins, hot and yummy!  :-)
2	Well... About a month ago I had pizza here. This is my normal pizza place close to home now. It is cheap. And quick. And offers online ordering making it easy. However last month my pizza was made and was terrible. The pan pizza crust was thin and didn't have that normal buttery fluffy taste. The toppings were minimal. It did not even have that normal Pizza Hut flavor. I was so disappointed. And even though it was only 10 dollars or so I felt ripped off. Nobody likes their money going in the garbage. I made a comment to the company because I feel it is important for them to know. I was contacted back via email to which I responded. I still have yet to hear from them! Pretty disappointed in the Pizza Hut team for this location if they do not respond however at least their pizza seems to be improved now... (See my next review)
4	This review is to continue my previous review posted from service a month ago. I wasn't impressed then however even though I never heard from the company after my complaint we tried it again. The convenience and price cannot be beat! Ordering online was easy. Pizza was ready in 15 minutes or carry out. It already looked better when being picked up. Fresh and delicious. Upon tasting the pizza it was just that. The crust was its nice buttery flavor and fluffy again. The toppings were generous and fresh. Only complaint would be there was too much sauce this time and the cheese wasn't quite cooked enough. Seemed a little underdone. However compared to last time this was boat loads better. While I am still unimpressed there was no response after contacting the company at least I didn't get the same experience again. We will continue to order here when we don't feel like going far from home.
5	Always good, and close to my home! Love stuffed crust pizza & breadsticks on my "cheat" day :)
5	I have this Pizza Hut 5 stars simply bc the delivery guy was awesome. He was so friendly and sweet. Good customer service goes a long way. Ordered pizza and wings and was exactly how it should taste coming from Pizza Hut
5	Shelly here is awesome! Every time I go in with my son she is so friendly and interacts with him. Even when we only go in to get his free pizza for being a good reader in school. She'll never rush him, engage him in a conversation and is generally very friendly.
1	Ordered wings online. Show up and pay - they say 5 mins.  About 1/2 hour AFTER I ordered they inform me fryers were broken.  How did they not know this 30 mins ago? How about 10 mins ago (20 mins after ordering)???  To make thing worse Nestor the "manager" - is all smiles and laughing about it.  They failed on every level between the condescending attitude to the just absolute failure to deliver their own product. To completely fail a customer and then to laugh in their face about it...I just can't believe what I just experienced.
2	Ordered a pizza and a 2 liter, realized after getting home they never gave us the 2 liter (which is over priced).  Called to let them know, asked if someone could deliver it?  "NO", Can you credit back my card? "NO" Drove back and all we got was "sorry".  Really?!
1	The manager Nathan is very rude and doesn't have the first clue about customer service. As a regular Pizza Hut customer if this were my regular store, they would have lost a customer today. The next time my store has an issue I'll order Papa Johns instead of coming here.
3	the pizza here is great but whats up with the service, always waiting more than what they tell you and you wait 10 mins on the phone for someone to answer  ,  what the heck is up with this place, maybe hire some more people or something.
1	The pizza was fine, but when I called, I may or may not have hit on the pizza clerk, she then proceeded to hangup on me when after  she told me the order.
1	I wish it were possible to leave 0 stars.  I don't even know where to begin.  First, the woman in front of me had her order messed up and was overcharged by over $10.  They wouldn't fix the price because they "had already cashed the order."  This is what happens when you employ 16 year olds to run the cash register.  Secondly, while waiting for my pizza, the manager was screaming at his employees saying they should have things ready and they could if they weren't F***ing ret**ds.  There were children in the lobby and I was mortified for those parents.  Third... while I was leaving I was almost rearended twice by a delivery driver-- did you know there are stop signs in the parking lot?  Huh.. strange.  Well then he cut off two drivers on Blue Diamond and did not use a turn signal once.  I wrote down his license plate number in the event anyone is interested.  I was absolutely disgusted by the experience I had, and it's a shame because the pizza is well priced and always tasty.
