4	A quaint tavern, situated on the outskirts of Madison Wisconsin , the Knuckledown Saloon is a step back into finer times.  Complete wide wood paneled walls, lantern-style lighting , and appealing decor , a seat at the uniquely shaped bar not only gets you fantastic service but also a sense of belonging.
4	This space has been many bars over the years, but the Knuckle Down Saloon seems to really be working here.  The location is a little hard to find, but you won't find nicer barstaff anywhere.  Drinks are good, even better if you catch a happy hour!  Weekends bring regular blues bands and jam sessions, which are becoming very popular.  There's also a great karaoke show on Wednesdays, hosted by Doc.The Knuckle Down is our favorite bar for post-volleyball refreshment.
5	This has become my favorite place to hang out. Great atmosphere, great taps, great staff, great happy hour deals. They've been attracting some quality live entertainment too. The food is hit or miss, but honestly, who goes to a place like this for the food? It's a bit out of the way, but definitely worth finding.
4	I'm really disappointed to see the previous review about the Knuckle Down. I just don't think it's warranted. I was there last night, and from the looks of it, everyone was having a great time. On a Thursday, the crowd is a little light early on, so if there's karaoke that night, you just get to sing a little more often :) I've probably been there 30+ times, and have never had a bad experience. And, as a proper update, karaoke is now regularly on Tuesdays, and occasionally on Thursdays, not Wednesday as I'd previously stated.
4	The KDS is really trying to do something here with the Blues, and they are doing a great job.  They bring in blues talent from Chicago every week, and charge about $5 at the door.  What more could you ask for?I first learned about the KDS when Dave Watts on WORT's Blues Cruise interviewed Mike Wheeler, who was scheduled to play later that night.  On a whim, we decided to go...and have been hooked ever since.If you like Chicago blues in a laid-back environment, check this place out!
5	Best blues for a 100 miles in any direction on Thurs, Fri, Sat.
4	A hidden gem.Friends invited me to catch a band a few nights ago. I'd heard of the place before, but had no idea where it was located; so glad I decided to venture over.+ Huge parking lot behind the venue+ Great stage for bands+ Massive wrap-around bar+ Primarily a blues-type place+ Fun mix of people; made for good people watching+ Feels like a great neighborhood bar, where everyone knows one another+/- Very limited tap selection (perhaps 6?)+/- Taps were $4.50- Guy bartender was a bit slow and aloof+ Female bartender was prompt and friendlyYep, it's a little off the beaten path, but I liked this place. It's bookmarked.
5	Madison's Best Blues Bar! Regional, National and international Blues and Soul acts regularly play at the Knuckle Down Saloon including Spider John Koerner. There's a great story as to why this Internatioal Bluesman regularly plays the Knuckle Down... Ask Chris behind the bar. If he's in the mood he might tell you.  Also don't miss local legend Harpo John and the All Night Pounders.
