5	I fly about 75,000 miles a year and I wish Jet Blue flew more cites and more scheduled times in the cites it flies but all in all they are most service oriented Domestic Carrier in the USA. They give you a credit towards your next flight if the TV isn't working or if your flight is late. They offer more leg room and now for $15.00 more you even have mucho leg room. Your private TV or music, larger seats, free snacks and reasonably priced airfares, friendly staff, clean planesService = 4.75 StarsComfort = 4.50 StarsFree Snacks = 4.00 StarsPersonal TV  & Music = 5.00 StarsCleanliness = 4.25 StarsReliable Planes = 4.75 StarsReasonable Pricing = 5.00 StarsFlight Schedules = 3.5 Stars
5	I LOVE that Jet Blue is flying from Burbank to Vegas again!  It makes me so happy that there is an alternative from Southworst.  You get to pick your own seats, No cattle calls, and TV!! OMG a lifesaver.  Everyone should fly Jet Blue and support them!  More trips to come!
4	I have been a Southwest-er for years, not really by choice, but because they fly from Burbank to Vegas all the time.  Southwest was really a choice motivated by convenience.However, I recently had the opportunity to fly Jet Blue from Vegas to Burbank.  Its cool that they are flying non-stop to Burbank now, as Jet Blue is really a LOT better than Southwest as far as service, planes, and amenities go.I love the fact they have TV and XM Radio for each individual seat.  They offer head phones for $1 if you don't have your own.  The seats are way more comfortable than Southwest - bigger, more leg room - and they give you a FULL CAN OF SODA and a snack - not just a cup of soda and peanuts like Southwest.I'm not giving them 5 stars for two reasons:1.  The flights to/from Vegas are MORE expensive than Southwest.2.  The convenience just isn't there.  There is only 1 (or 2) Burbank to/from Vegas flights per day.  I would definitely fly them again though!!!
3	Oh Jet Blue, such a love hate relationship we have going on.. I love your comfy seats, personal TVs, fairly decent staff, and reasonable prices. But I strongly dislike the two times in two months I was stuck in Vegas for over 2 hours due to MECHANICAL delays. I understand weather issues, but TWICE in less than two months, 2 different aircraft's were grounded due to mechanical issues, that's pretty scary. I say get it together huns!!! I'll be using my second credit for my 3rd flight at some point where I will be deciding if it will ever be worth using this airline ever again. 3rd time's the charm?
4	Wow, what a change from the southwest terminal. So clean, so nice, lots of options for food and shopping. Definitely made my wait at this airport so much more pleasant.
4	Hey...what can you really say, round trip from vegas to LA for only $79.  If you're going to die, you're going to die.  I mean...you're more likely to die driving on the 15 fwy 300 miles there and 300 miles back, ya know? Many things can go wrong when you drive long distances, such as flat tires, over heating, transmission issues, boredom, drunk drivers, horny truck drivers trying to stay next to you, etc...
5	I flew JetBlue out of McCarran to JFK.  Low price, individual TVs and radios, unlimited snacks - what more can I say?  As good as it gets!
5	I like flying JetBlue for many reasons. In Vegas' McCarran Airport, their terminal is always in the nice and newer wing (used to be at the D gates then moved to Terminal 3). I have only experienced one delayed flight only because of strong winds in Vegas. The free inflight snacks are better than the old bag of peanuts (terra blue chips, chocolate chip cookies, animal crackers, munchies and gourmet nuts).  Their planes have lots of legroom but if you want, you can upgrade to an Even More Space seat for more legroom and priority boarding. You can watch TV or listen to music at your seat without paying extra. You can check- in your first bag for free.I just wish they had flights to more cities and more direct flights.
1	Blue must be the official color for delays, as I never am able to get to my destinations on time for the few times I have to use this airline.
5	YES--5 Stars!!!!  I love flying Jet Blue out of Long Beach to Vegas!  The terminal at Long Beach Airport is just lovely.  It has a nice open wine/beer bar and new eateries in the terminal.  No craziness like LAX--instead, it's quiet and peaceful.  Likewise in Vegas, it's the same niceness.  Although the terminal is a little out of the way (terminal 3 at McCarren)--it's worth it!  No running over other people, no fighting over seats!Oh and the terminals are SMOKE FREE!!!! YAY!!!!
4	Great airline. Wonderful service. Snacks when you need. No one does that anymore. When flying for 5 hours it helps.The extra leg room seats were worth the extra dollars. Those few inches really made a difference. The seats were pretty comfortable as well.
5	Surprisingly impeccable service at the airline check-in desk. I'm kicking myself for not remembering the rep's name who helped us. My fellow weary traveler and I were NYC homeward bound after two weeks in Asia and a short stint in Vegas for a friend's wedding. With overly stuffed suitcases and heavy, jetlagged hearts, we approached the check-in counter and were startled by one of the only friendly greetings we received in the land of Vegas.Instead of checking our three bags, the airline rep suggested that we repack our bags to avoid a $40 charge and take the 3rd bag as a carry on. After doing so and just checking two bags, he deliberately looked the other way while the luggage was significantly over the weight limit. That's just good customer service. Oh yeah, and the flight itself was terrific. TV screens on every seat back, better snacks than any other airline, and friendly flight attendants. Love it.
5	I love flying Jet Blue from Long Beach to Las Vegas and vice versa. SO convenient, simple and quick without all the crazy hassle and fuss you run into at LAX. There's less people and you can get to your gate within 15-20 minutes. Super fast especially if you print out your boarding pass beforehand so you can just go straight to security. My husband and I got to our gate a little too early and it turned out another flight was just about to take off in a few minutes back to Long Beach. One of the Jet Blue staff members approached us and asked if we'd like to head back on that earlier flight because there were extra seats left. AWESOME! Of course we took it! So we got to board right away instead of waiting another 1.5 hours for our original flight. They even gave us the extra legroom seating and we didn't even have to pay extra for it! So awesome!! :) It's great how they give you free snacks and drinks too. Love their Terra blue chips! ;)
1	This airline has really bad customer service.  I have been a longtime customer of theirs but they will no longer get a single dollar from me ever again.  I misclicked the wrong date on a ticket purchase and then when I tried to change the flight they wanted more than double the cost of the ticket to change it (this is extra fees, not including the price difference of the tickets); the flight was over 2 months away so its not like there was any real time crunch either.    I asked to be transferred to someone who can make that decision to waive the transfer fees and was put in a never ending loop talking to person after person who kept transferring me around until finally they were rude interrupting me and finally hung up on me.   Despite the fact that I have been using this airline for years they and have received 10s of thousands of dollars from me during this time they were unwilling to do anything to help me out.  Needless to say I was offended at how poorly I was treated.  Awe well, another airline will now get my money.I recommend Virgin Airlines they are great, their planes are much nicer and the staff are much more accommodating and willing to help.  I know that an airline such as Jet Blue does not care about my business so I do not care about them anymore either.  What is 300 dollars in transfer fees on a flight that is over 2 months away compared to the 10s of thousands of dollars they have gotten from me in the past?  However, the emotional sting and the bad experience is enough for me to give my money to another airline for the rest of my life.  A really bad business move on their part.  I am but one customer but maybe this review will sway others from using this airline.  These companies work for us.  Its our money we are the bosses.  Not the other way around.  They need us we do not need them.  When we spend money on a company we are paying for an emotional experience.  What terrible customer service.  What a negative emotional experience that I spent money on.
1	Not only has my flight been cancelled trying to get to Orange County, California twice in less than a year, most recently I was in contact with three others who had significant flight delays the same day I did. Not only is Southwest no longer reliable, its prices haven't been competitive in the past 3 years or so.
