5	So impressed. Beyond impressed. Beyond in love with this place.I'll say it over and over again. I really appreciate when business owners put the time and thought, not only into their product, but also their aesthetic. The place is gorgeous! All wood and brick, it has a rustic, yet cozy feel. They have so much space, it's exciting to think about what will be possible here. But onto the beers...They are delicious! It's rare that I try all the beers on tap and like them... ALL! But I do! I first feel in love with their White Sky, which is a Chai beer. Yep, you heard me right, CHAI BEER! If yinz know me, you know I love my chai tea, so this is perfect for me. They even make their own chai spice blend to put into the beer. Totally impressive! I also really liked the Build and Destroy wheat stout and the Business Casual red ale. These dudes are young, but smart, and I'm so excited to see what they'll be up to. Plus, I'm excited to drink all the beer. That is all.
5	as soon as i heard this was opening i was super excited...  But would it live up to my hyped expectations? Yes, yes and yes!  Went in on opening night and it was packed!  The feel of the place was sophisticated, yet modern.  I could see just sitting in the fire an hour or more just sipping on a beer while relaxing.  The beer...  I only had two.  The "white sky" which is a Chai wheat beer.  I absolutely LOVED it.  Such great flavor and so refreshing.  I picked up a growler of it to take home!  Perfect beer for the season!  I also had the "build and destroy" wheat stout.  I love stouts and i loved this one... So much that it is now one of my absolute favorites. My next growler will be that!  I cannot wait to go back in and try the rest of the beers!  The "gentlemen" that opened it really know what they are doing,  and i hope they have nothing but success!
5	After hearing about this place on twitter the week after their opening my first instinct was to ask, "A brewery in Braddock?"  but I decided to check it out anyways.  To say their location is cool does not do it justice!  Located in the old Harco Electric shop these guys have put a ton of work and craftsmanship into the building from an amazing new mural (advertising their staple General Braddock beer) to the furnishing, light fixtures, and bar top.  The most important part here though is the beer, which I have to say is just plain AMAZING.  My girlfriend and I sampled four of their brews (5 oz. glasses at $2/ea.), both seasonal/special and staples including the Hefeweizen, Chai Wheat (White Sky), Non-Forest Timber Maple, and Smokey Barbecue.  We ended up leaving with a growler of the White Sky, which has already been emptied and ready for a refill.The atmosphere there was just as excellent as the beer, we expected few people on a Saturday afternoon, but every seat was full.  We were able to grab two seats are the bar which made it even better because we were able to talk with the two owners/creators.  These guys were really knowledgeable and friendly, able to give their recommendations on different beers and tell you the story behind their brewing process for each.While there is no kitchen (it's just a brewery duh!) They have partnered up with many of the local food trucks to have them present just about every night that they're open, from Tacos to Mac & Cheese.  If gives you the chance to try good beer with good food you regularly don't get the opportunity to check out.
3	I think this place has great potential but the lack of seating caused my boyfriend and I to leave after our first beer. The beer tasted great (I had the IPA) but I was frustrated with the lack of seating.
5	A bit out of the way if you don't live close to Braddock but definitely worth the trip!  This place is uh-mazing - exactly what I look for in a brewery...innovative brews with a relaxed atmosphere and super friendly staff.  I fell in love with the White Sky (chai wheat beer) and Cucumber Wheat beer (which was a tester).  They are perfect beers for these humid and hot summer days.The interior of this place was very well done and there's plenty of seating at the bar and the surrounding area.  We ordered a sample (at $2/piece) of each of the beers they had on tap so got to try the full range of beers they offered at the time.  My least favorite was the English bitter, but I'm not a fan of bitter beers.  All the others were quite good.  I could see drinking the Maple beer or the Pale Ale on a crisp Fall day.  I saw that they have an applie pie and vegetable root beer in the hopper so that should be coming up soon - I can't wait!!!  This place was started by two CMU grads and one of them was serving the day we went - he was very down to earth and friendly and happy to answer any questions.  Oh and I bought one of their chocolate bars (Lux) made by a local chocolatier who only sells wholesale.  Got the peanut butter and sea salt - yummy (but a bit pricey at $7.00)!
5	As good as it gets! I visited PA for a weekend trip with my husband and we searched for the best breweries to visit. The Brew Gentlemen Beer Company was first on our list to visit, even after only being open for 2 days... it did not disappoint! I have had 3 other chai beers but the Brew Gentlemen's White Sky was phenomenal!!! (Maybe even in my top 10 favorite beers). We even got a growler fill of it and brought it back to Indy to enjoy the next weekend. I cannot say enough good things about the beer, the brewers, and decor. I only wish they had opened in Indianapolis.
5	A wonderful addition to the local Craft Brew scene.  You will find creative beers brewed with skilled expertise.  The staff is knowledgeable and friendly.  I was hoping to try more dark beers, but I will have to make a trip again in Fall or Winter.I love the ambiance and decor.  This place is a gem.They have their own parking lot.  There are an outrageous number of beers to try.  You can buy a growler to take some home with you.I took the tour, and I highly recommend you do that is well, because the more you know about how their beers are made, the more you will want to drink them.
5	What a great space! Who knew you could find something like this in Braddock? Well, it is so worth the drive to check it out! First off, the building was a former electrical supply shop  and now has moved on to a higher purpose. These three guys have done wonders in transforming it into a warm and comfortable space where they can brew and serve you some of their delicious and imaginative beers! Cucumber? Maple? Chai? Yep, if you are adventurous. They love to experiment! But not to worry, the standards like a tasty IPA, a smooth double IPA,  and a terrific bitter are there as well. They've done a lot of the work to transform this place by themselves. The reclaimed wood covering two walls in the tap room create such a warm atmosphere! Not to mention the row of taps waiting to be sampled. They take great pride in their brews as well they should! Do yourself a favor and try them out. They are in limited keg distribution so you may not find them at your local bar just yet. But I have a feeling they will show up soon. Another great and welcome addition to the growing Pittsburgh craft beer scene. We are lucky to have them! Drink up my friends, drink up!
5	Before I start my review, I just want to say how awesome it is that Braddock is building it's way up! While driving on the main street, I saw so many new developments and buildings that were stunning. Hopefully this brewery will pave the way for more businesses to see the potential of the location and help liven the town up!On to the brewery... five stars! I'm not much of a beer connoisseur so I really just try everything to see what I like. I love that the staff explain everything fully to you and really try to find you something you'll like. My favorite beer of the night was the cucumber flavor. It sounds weird, but oh so good! It was refreshing, light and still allowed me to get a nice little buzz (wink wink). My boyfriend enjoyed the darker beers. The place itself is beautiful. It's rustic, yet still homey and comfortable. Their lounge area is pleasant and I'm obsessed with the dimly lit bar area with the coolest light bulb chandelier I've ever seen. I want one! It's great seeing this in Braddock and I want to give a huge BRAVO to the staff and owners. For being so young, you all do a great job. You're business savvy, smart and aren't afraid to take risks. Us Millennials representing!
5	Build and destroy is my favorite beer by far. It was surprisingly light given the high ABV. Every time I visit, it appears that the the lounge area has been improved too. USB charging ports! Awesome. Looking forward to watching this brewery grow over the next year.
4	The Brew Gentleman are everything a startup microbrewery should be.  They are extremely enthusiastic about their beer and business.  They are highly experimental and not afraid to be different.  They are extremely knowledgeable about the brewing process and are open and friendly.And you taste all this in their delicious beer!  They have beers as adventurous as a Cucumber Summer Beer and a White Sky - Chai Wheat Beer, as well as their signature take on classics, like General Braddock's India Pale Ale.The beers are already great, the service and staff are already great.  But there are a few things I'd love to see change as they evolve (They're still less than a year old as I write this).  #1 Games at the brewery - They've got tables all over, let's get some chess and checkers to challenge our minds as we challenge our livers.#2 Food at the brewery - Tasty brews deserve tasty bites, and will keep people from leaving if they get hungry#3 Better Decor - The inside isn't in bad shape, but it's very open and plain.  The "Brew Gentleman" title deserves Top Hats and Bowler Caps on the Walls, Hunting Paintings, and Taxidermy.  I think Butcher and the Rye's interior style would be a perfect inspiration to live up to the Brew Gentleman brand name.Despite my humble suggestions, I will gladly go back and bring friends even if they don't change a thing.  They're offering tasty classic and experimental beers in a friendly comfortable atmosphere and are a very welcome addition to the neighborhood.
5	This is a great new brewery in the Pittsburgh area.  It's in Braddock where there's not many other places worth visiting, but it seems they are trying to revitalize the area which is great. I really love the look of this place, which seems to be a nice blend of old architectural features and modern design.  All the staff are very friendly and love to talk about their beer.  They seem to take a pretty creative approach compared to some other breweries, making really interesting things like chicken flavored beer and mango chipotle double ipa, but some of the really interesting ones go fast!  They provide pints, tastes, growlers and bottles for sale and they will be adding food options soon.  They said that sometimes there are food trucks setup outside.  I did find it a little odd though that not one woman seemed to be employed there, though I guess it is called the "Brew Gentlemen" for a reason.
5	Awesome little diamond in the ruff out here in Braddock. The beer is cheap ($2-$2.50 for 5oz testers) and it's all actually very good (I'm a beer snob). I'd recommend it to anyone. It's good to see a startup brewery making its mark in Pittsburgh. Best of luck to them. P.S. Make sure to get the Cucumber Party if it's on draft.
3	I like this place. The first time I encountered this microbrewery was at an outside festival and it was crazy crowded, but I would like to come back when it's not so nutty.I did like the atmosphere and decor in the brewery and I really like that it's bringing people into the Braddock area. Win-Win. It would be a win-win-win if that beer was outstanding. I'm sorry guys, the beer (fresh from the brewery) is pretty good.  But they are not Stone, they are not Port Brewing, they are not Fat Heads. Hey, I imagine that will get better as time goes on and I'm excited to see how this brewery will grow into it's own. It's always fun to have new breweries in Pittsburgh.
5	I read about this endeavor a couple years ago in Pittsburgh mag and so happy to see it up, going and going! Really happy to finally get here. Located in the main drag in Braddock it's very unassuming storefront is the perfect entrance for this very unassuming gem. Simple decor that is indigenous to the area's mill heritage. Black granite bar, simple wooden tables with metal piping bases and stringed light bulb fixtures. Few framed drawings on the walls. It's just the right amount to keep the beer the feature. Beer menu is on computer screens which adds the right amount of modern to the place. It's cozy. Enough of decor. To the real feature. Beers are awesome. Was able to about half of them and settled on the Build an Destroy wheat stout. Rich, full bodied and perfect for a cold winter night. Also had a prototype beer...gose which is a sour and a sour done right! I hope this prototype makes a permanent tap. Food trucks outside and you can order eat outside or bring it in...they will even bring it in for you. BG keep a schedule on their website. What a great way to feature local food trucks and always have a variety of choices. What I liked the most about this place was the enthusiasm for the product. Genuine excitement for customers to try their beer and like it. With the rash of craft beer enthusiasts out there who tend to become a bit of elitists, this felt like going into someone's home and having them try your favorite recipe. It was like sharing a beer with a good friend.I love, love, love this place and it will definitely become a regular haunt for me.
5	Great beer! $2-2.50 tasters in cute 5oz snifters. 14 brews in house, plus some mead from an outside meadery. Beers ran gambit of solid foundational styles to celebral experimentals & some collaborations... everything I had was good, some were extraordinary! Pretty interior & nightlife feel. Friendly and welcoming :)
5	Fantastic beers. Warm, inviting, and inclusive atmosphere. The owners regularly tend bar and really care about putting out quality brews. Fantastic food trucks on the weekend serve up amazing food. Would recommend to everyone.
5	This place is classy. It is a little pricey but you don't go here to get wasted. It's meant to enjoy properly brewed beer. Always a food truck outside. And not sure if you like animals. But there are two very well behaved dogs that come in here and there. Ones a German Shepard and the other a rottweiler. I believe both are therapy dogs. I happen to love seeing them around. It makes the experience really cool. They don't bother you unless u call them over. But aside from that. The beer is always different and very good
