2	Cute place, nicely laid out.In order for them to be a success they need to fine tune a few things.Like the mixed drinks being a bit stronger 1 oz of alcohol. Everyone complained the drinks were weak.The staff is dressed like they are spring cleaning their apt.The staff always sets the lead for the clientele they will attract.Major bug for our group is that you have to pay right away after every order! What are they running a nice place or a tavern.Making clients pay every order on the spot is totally counter productive to them running up a nice bill!
4	Nice and clean bar. Good ambiance and the beer and drinks are good. Like the decor and when they open the doors so we feel like we are outside.
4	Wine, Cheese, Whiskey and Port. Well drinks are in the 6.50 range. La Drinkerie has a good looking, typical Montreal crowd. Nobody is too young, The wait staff are all fun and friendly. This is maybe not a destination drink spot, since the best drinks are those poured direct from bottles or containers without any fussing over them. But, this is the perfect night-cap or pre-dinner spot.
4	Belle ambiance pour boire un verre
4	Generous pours, good red wine list, and service with excellent eye contact. Just what the Hen needs.
5	This is such a favorite part of town and it was crazy fun to spend a few hours drinking beer and enjoying all the party people here last night. The place felt very cosy and like I said this part of Montreal has a certain something that is very special. I am happy to have found a new place in this area. Fun.
3	Drinkerie is a cool place to grab a drink; don't count on having a fulfilling meal though.  It does get rowdy and crowded after 10pm, and we did see Win Butler from Arcade Fire there (not sure if this is a frequent occurrence) so if you like groovy tunes and hope to spot a random local celebrity, check this place out.
4	Definitely a place where I keep coming back. The ambiance is lay-back but trendy. The drinks are excellent: amherst and rezyn are my favourites. Have a bite before coming, they have small appetizers: good for a snack, not enough for a meal.
5	Our favourite spot for an early evening drink.
4	I like it here, especially tucked into the big raised comfy couch booth in the back where I can chat with the charming French waiters, watch the rest of the action as it unfolds and generally hide out. Beer, wine and cocktails are fairly priced and the cocktails I've tried were strong and well made. I ordered a smoked meat sandwich that was delicious, but given that it came with plain chips out of the bag $12 seemed a little steep, but the extra pickle I asked for was massive and delicious so honestly I'd forgive them anything.
4	Old-school feel, charming bartender(s), good music, and great drinks for a fair price! Happy hour runs from 3-10 ;) whutuuuup! At night, this place gets dim and seductive, I totally dig it. Awesome place to hangout with friends and catch up, the banquettes in the back make for the perfect spot to do that. Don't come here for food unless you'll be satisfied with small bites to eat, this place is a drinkerie first and foremost. They have pretty bomb pickles, jussayin'.
2	Hmm! I was really hoping to like it here. Alas, the drinks I ordered were weak and the bartender was cold and not very attentive. In fact, I sat with my glass empty for a good 5 minutes before he even bothered to look my way. When my BF came in, he finally served me, but the drinks my BF wanted were not available.We walked to the Burgundy Lion where we were served good and proper drinks with a smile!
4	I've had many a merry night at this place. It can be beers with workmates, or fancy-shmancy drinks with friends - it's all good here.They have a few beers on tap (all good), but it's mainly a cocktail place. The place is nicely decked-out, and there always seems to be a good vibe going on.It can get busy on the weekend nights (Thursday to Saturday), but rarely as busy as The Lion down the road, which is another good thing about this place.During the day it's pretty chilled, and can be a good place to catch up with mates - in the evenings it gets loud (as you would expect any busy place), but not in a bad way.I've had their charcuterie plate here, and it was simple but tasty.
3	This is a decent place to come for happy hour.  The ambiance is quite nice and it wasn't too crowded on a Tuesday at 6.  The cocktails were a little watered down and overly sweet however they also have beers on tap as well as a good wine selection so that probably would be a better bet.  Foodwise they have a handful of menu items which are pretty good but nothing to write home about.
5	Los Angeles Meets Montreal Epic night!  This place rocks!  Happened to walk in  was early for a dinner reservation near here.  These guys made me and my man feel like we were family and been coming to see them for years.  Drinks are great !  Service is fun and friendly , lots of fun clientele to chat it up with.  Cant wait to get back and party with ya all again .  Thank you for a wonderful time!
2	We stumbled into this place randomly on a badly planned Friday night as we were walking down Notre Dame looking for a place to take 6 people..La Drinkerie, as the name hints, is a place for drinking.. Ie. a bar. So do not, under any circumstance, come here thinking that you will get good (or even mediocre) food. Unfortunately, we happened to be starving and order a bunch of food off the menu. Our table tried a couple salads, beef ribs, pork, and the smoked meat sandwich... All with a size of coleslaw and chips... I wouldn't be exaggerating if I told you that the chips were the best thing we ate.. Everything we ordered seriously had no taste at all! Everything. It was so disappointing to eat food that looked good but really had no flavor whatsoever.. And it was every dish... So either the chef doesn't try what he's serving, or they don't actually care what the food tastes like because after all this is a bar, and we should be thankful that they serve something to eat in the first place...On the drinking end, they had a large menu, but we stuck with a few bottles of wine so can't really comment on the drinks.. Although if the cocktails are anything like the food, I'm glad we didn't try any..........
4	Loved that the red wine was chilled!
2	This review is based entirely on my bar and drink experience.My sister and I were looking for a place to grab a drink and chat so we decided to drop by and try out La Drinkerie since it seemed to be a very happening place on a Friday night. It was very convenient that La Drinkerie was walking distance to her home and open late.  The ambience of the restaurant was nice very modern and urban chic.  It was very trendy in my opinion.  I decided to order a dirty martini and my sister ordered a Tipperary.  We asked the bartender if they had vermouth and green chartreuse for her drink and so she said yes.  She later came back to us saying no she did not have any vermouth or chartreuse so we changed our order to a  plain and simple Jameson soda.  Maybe it was a miscommunication or she didn't hear us since it was quite loud in the restaurant.  No big deal.  Later on the other hand, we were literally appalled when the martini came as it was given to me in a glass that was less than half full.  Apparently, the bartender insisted that is how they serve and make their martinis (gave me a look) and in return offered to make me a different drink.  It was an embarrassing experience and I probably will not go back the next time I come to Montreal to visit even though the patrons next to us ordered a charcuterie plate that looked quite delicious.
