4	Fast food place, fast review time!Shaved prime rib sandwich super tasty, cheese curds bite sized mozzarella sticks could use some kind of sauce, crinkle cut fries ordinary, cookie dough craving custard addicting, guilt at gluttony rising, honey badger don't care.
2	I guess we had been "built-up" too much for this new restaurant on Greenfield in Mesa. There was TONS of teenage help, but the service was SLOW for as many staff as they had. My son wanted something else after he tried the Pot Roast sandwich, but when he ordered, it was wrong TWICE. I had to go up and find a "Manager" who looked to be at least one year older than the rest to try and straighten it out. It took some time to get it right, but finally they wrapped their heads around it. A LARGE amount of grab-ass was going on between the girls and boys and the young man handling our food kept throwing it in the window and then retrieving it again, just to give it a harder toss to see if he could get the lid of the contained to pop open??? If you don't expect much, you probably won't be disappointed. Very standard fast food and service. The sides on my 2 pc cod dinner were cold and not appealing at all. We didn't get ice cream, but hear that it is good. Maybe next time.
1	I will never ever return back here again. Over charged me and I almost puked when they brought out my soggy greasy sourdough bread burger out.  Plus soda machines were out and still got charged for my disgusting drink!!! I honestly can not believe I didn't just get my money back and walk out. If you love burgers, hit up  fat burger 3 miles down the road.
5	I love Culver's chicken strips and their cheese curds. I ate at a Culvers up in Wisconsin so I was excited to see one here. Same good food. Service was also good though it took a while to get my food but when it came out it was hot and worth the wait.
2	No the place to go for a decent burger.  It was worse than "Freddy's Steakburger" in that it was cold, plastic and lacked a upscale burger feel.  For the price, I would go to Red Robin first.
3	This is no In n Out Burger. The menu is pretty extensive, the burgers are okay, and the service is great (which is why they get a three). I will be back again and update if I find something better, but this time was nothing to write home about. Those that say Culver's is better than In n Out must be out of their minds!
1	Was very excited to go to Culvers as I've been hearing about it for a few years now.  They opened up a location near me and I figured I would try it out on my way home at lunchtime.I ordered a mushroom swiss burger with one patty, onion rings, and a strawberry shake from the drive through.They give you a number and have you pull up to wait for your burger to be ready.  I got my bag of food and before driving off, decided to check to make sure it was right.  Alas, no onion rings just fries.  I shut my car off and walked all the way around the building to try to find the entrance as the door nearest the drive thru is for employees only.  I go in and let them know that my order was not right.  I acknowledge that the receipt does say fries but tell them that I had ordered onion rings.  The 3 people at the counter look at me like I'm crazy and then one of them goes off to tell someone else who is in the back.  This young lady comes up to me and looks at my receipt and I again acknowledge that it says fries but tell her that I'm pretty sure I said onion rings.  She looks at me and pauses and then says, "That's fine.  It will be $1.08".  I'm slightly annoyed at this point because I'm not sure why this is taking so long.  I tell her that I do not have my wallet and that it is in the car because I just ran out of the car to get my order fixed.  She gives me a "Don't know what to tell you" look and says that it'll cost $1.08 for the onion rings because they cost more than the fries.  I'm beyond frustrated so I tell them that it's fine and I will just take these.  I get home and the burger is so-so.  The cheese was smaller than the patty and there were hardly any mushrooms on it.  The fries were bland.  The strawberry shake wasn't bad but  not as thick as I like.  So unfortunately, they lost a customer because of this frustrating customer service.  If they had a screen at the drive thru order stop OR if they even had the girl taking order REPEAT BACK the order this whole fiasco could have been avoided.  And seriously, they should have just taken back the fries and given me the onion rings.  A bad burger I could have overlooked and probably would have returned to try something else.  But annoying customer service is hard to get past.
5	Sounds like many of the other reviewers have never been to a Culver's and were expecting a different restaurant. This place is great! The butter burgers are very flavorful and I would definitely recommend a double burger. Don't forget the cheese curds! Also join their email club for a 2 for 1 value meal. Highly recommend.
5	Update -First trip was a fluke, bad sandwich. I would say steer clear of the patty melt. We have eaten here a few times since and it has been stellar. The custard is out of this world, the kids meals come with a free custard which is a nice touch. I still like the burgers at In N Out better, but I have definitely eaten here quite a bit more than I have there in the past couple of months so that may change.
5	Yummy burgers and ice cream
2	I thought this place was pretty bad - bordering on gross.We went for the first time on a Saturday night.  It was pretty busy, a bit dirty (tables not clean, trash on floor) and the menu is pretty large and overwhelming.  When I finally got my three kids to tell me what they wanted I went up and ordered.  Wow!  For fast food that was pricey!  My husband ordered a burger and fries.  He then realized from the nutritional menu I picked up that the fries were not gluten free so he couldn't eat them.I had a veggie burger with cheese and mushrooms.  I almost couldn't eat it.  It was the worst veggie burger I had ever had.  I also tried the cheese curd - a mix of yellow and white cheese, deep fried and they offered me packets of BBQ sauce or ranch to dip them in.  They were not good.  I don't recommend them.The custard was the only thing that wasn't bad but I don't think I will be able to stomach going back to get it again.
1	This Culver's has the worse service of any fast food place that I have ever visited. Went last Saturday and sat behind one car in the drive thru. Sat for five minutes with the car in front of me being ignored. My passenger actually called Culver's to try to get helped of course hung up. Finally took order and when I paid rather than apologize for the wait clerk is laughing about it. They make you pull up and than when it backs up the honking begins. Food would have to perfect to make up for the sorry service and it is not even close. If you want to be laughed at for expecting even minimal service this is the place for you.
5	It is hard to find a place that serves Pepsi rather than Coke.  That's great!Fries are crisp, fat and good.Butter Burger, fries and soda for 3.99!  Awesome!Next time I will try the kids meal and get a custard with it!Tables were clean,  employees were courteous and smiled.No issues for us!
4	Love this place for a Fast Food alternative. Great burgers!! And love the custard. Nice change from the usual fast food.
4	As far as fast food goes, Culver's definitely has THE best customer service hands down! Burgers are good and my kids love the custards!
3	It was good for fast food. But nothing special.
3	I'm a big fan of McDonalds but my boyfriend and I wanted to try something different.  He heard on the radio that this was one of the top 5 fast food places compared to five guys and in and out.  We were starving when we got the food.  We got the burgers, chili fries, and cheese curds. Burgers were average, I think I would still prefer McDonalds over Culver's but it was a new change.  The chili cheese fries were really good I am pretty particular about places when they use nacho cheese, I'm not a fan of the fake cheese.  To my surprise they use real cheddar cheese.  The cheese curds were a no go for us, we didn't like them at all.  I thought the cheese would be melty but it was cold.
4	This place had juicy burgers, crisp fries and yummy onion rings! Took the fam from SF here and they loved it! The kids loved the chicken tenders and the frozen custard! So much yum! It was about $48 bucks for 7 people to eat so not bad! We came hungry and left full and satisfied. Staff was friendly and very efficient, the lines were taken care of in a orderly fashion because it was super packed, but they made it bearable. Will definitely come back for a juicy burger craving! :-)
1	Terrible service. Was given the complete wrong order and it also had a giant hair in it. Girl did not give me a receipt so they did not give me a refund, even though it was a food safety and sanitary issue. Never again! You suck Culvers!
5	My favorite place when I'm in az. Their food is good quality, the sweet treats are good, and they have CHEESE CURDS!!! So delish! Definitely check this place out!
3	I was searching for a place that served cheese curds last night and Culvers popped up as being the "highest ranking" place with them. Do NOT go here for the cheese curds!! Especially if you've ever had good ones at San Tan Flats, A&W or even Buffalo Wild Wings. I don't like the breading they put on them here - they tasted more like a bad mozzarella stick than a curd. Not a fan.I did like my burger. Fries were OK - not my favorite and I don't think I'd get them again. My husband's chicken strips were good - just pricey! I also liked how their place is set up. They have an area to order (with a HUGE) menu, and then a separate dining area. It makes it feel more like a sit down restaurant then fast food which is nice.The custard was SO good!! I got the flavor of the day (toffee pecan) and I'd come back just for it again!! Be sure to sign up for their e-mail and text club. I got a BOGO deal and a free scoop of ice cream off their yelp check in offer too! Made it under $18 for the 3 of us.
2	2.5  stars the food was blah nothing special but the ice cream was good. Definitely a dessert only place
2	Wow... I've heard great stuff about this place and have been dying to give it a try. Well, I stopped by the drive-tru for my first time today and got the standard Culver's double cheeseburger meal.I was soooo disappointed! The fires were just like grocery store frozen fries and the burger is without a doubt the greasiest one I've ever eaten by a long shot! I can't believe it is so busy with Wendy's and Carl's Jr. right across the street. Stick with Carl's Jr. for sure.
4	Went here because it is right around the block from my house.  Wanted to get some ice cream and their concrete mixers looked really good.  I am a diehard DQ Blizzard fan so I was interested to see how they compared.  Have to say the concrete mixer was WAY better than the DQ Blizzard.  I had a Reese's Chocolate mixer and there was so much more Reese's butter cups in the ice cream than I ever receive at DQ.  The pricing is quite even, the mixer is only about .75 cents more.  Definitely going to start getting these mixers over blizzards when my sweet tooth kicks in.
5	Pretty darn good food, if you're after a fresh burger, fries, cheese, and the like. The Concrete mixers (think blizzard with custard) are to die for. This place puts DQ or any other fast food place to shame. I love going here for my 'cheat meal' once a week...or sometimes twice :)
1	The food is great but the attention to detail is pathetic!  My first time their I had a chocolate Reese's concrete mixer.  It was amazing!  Been back for it now three more times and all three times my order was wrong!  1st time I received the mixer with Reese's pieces, not Reese's buttercups, 2nd time back added hot fudge and received vanilla ice cream and 3rd time back I received vanilla ice cream with snickers.  So to re-cap;Ordered: Chocolate ice cream with Reese's ButtercupReceived: What I ordered exactlyOrdered: Chocolate ice cream with Reese's ButtercupReceived: Chocolate ice cream with Reese's Pieces Ordered: Chocolate ice cream with Reese's Buttercup & hot fudgeReceived: Vanilla ice cream with Reese's Buttercup & hot fudgeOrdered: Chocolate ice cream with Reese's Buttercup & hot fudgeReceived: Vanilla ice cream with Snickers & hot fudgeKeep In mind I just started Invisalign as well so my teeth are a little loose so eating the Reese's pieces and the snickers was somewhat difficult.UPDATE:  Went again May 18th, ordered another Tall Chocolate Reese's buttercup concrete mixer.  What did I get a tall chocolate mixer with NO Reese's, only ice cream.  How difficult is it to get an order correct!!!???
5	Best CheeseBurgers in the East Valley !  Service by there employees is always above and beyond !
4	Casual atmosphere, order at the counter and they bring it to you.  Burgers are fresh and hot.  Order the cheese curds, it is an extra $1 with your basket, but they are like mini cheese sticks!The custard (ice cream!) is smooth and made on site. Great as shakes too.
2	I wanted to like this place. They play oldies inside and I think that's cute. I dunno though- my meal was all fried and grease. Chicken strips and those cheese balls. Maybe if id ordered something else :-/ no urge to try it out again.
5	Once again, the Swiss mushroom hamburger and Atlantic cod sandwich were the BEST ! And of course we celebrated National Hot Fudge Sundae day at Culvers !  It was an amazing day ! !
4	Not bad. Clean, friendly service. But the overuse of "um" among the wait staff is annoying. Teenagers, you know.
1	I have only ever been to this Culvers and I come at least once a week.  Never has my order ever been wrong except for tonight. After repeating it twice what I'd like on my burger I get home to find only the entirely different burger in my bag. I come to Culvers for the made to order freshness and tonight I got a burger with everything BUT what I specifically told them I wanted on it. After driving back and telling them I wanted what was on the receipt (because that was correct) they questioned me what was on my burger.. Obviously some new employees training went way wrong. Im disappointed this experience was so awful and un apologetic.
3	I would give 2 stars because to me, this food is at absolute best 2 star food.  But I think other people would like it more than me.  They absolutely kill their burgers with cheese.  Huge amounts of very strong flavored cheese.  Cheddar, I believe.  Most people like cheese more than me, so they might like it slightly more.  I do really love many cheeses, but when they are the only thing I can taste on my burger, calm it down!  I couldn't taste anything but cheese.  If you removed the burger, it'd taste the same.Also the cheese is cold and the bread is awful.  This place recreates those overcooked preformed dense picnic party burgers you had growing up.  Except with tons of bright yellow cheese.  Tons of it.If they have a grilled cheese sandwich, just order that.  Or ask for no cheese on your burger.
