3	Good place to pick up an extra sweet gift for a friend. Want some candy? They have oodles of it. Need an old school candy ? Bet they got it.   The Good News ? They have huge versions of Hershey Bars , Reeses Peanut Butter Cups , Gummy Bears and more.  Would be great gag gift, silly gift or just a gift.  Bad news is the prices are on the high end. Better prices at local candy store --SMEEKs in  Phoenix.  But if you are walking the marketplace this might be your place for a treat. They also have some great old style vintage Ann Taintor refridge magnets and other cool retro fun gifts . But once again I have seen the same things for less elsewhere in town. The store is  cute as can be bright colors and very inviting. Personally I like candy stores that look vintagy again  like SMEEKs...Hey maybe i should just go to SMEEKs?
1	Prices were way to high. I was in there about two week ago to show my friend what I thought was going to be a cool candy store but after what i saw I'm never going back. It was a little busy when I went in but after seeing three kids lick the scooper and put them in the candy jar and lick them again I couldn't stay there another second.
5	Yum! I like bulk, unwrapped candy. I don't care if it seems 'unclean'. Obviously if a bunch of candy is stuck together I will change my mind, but all the candy I got here was neither sticky, or in any child's mouth (from what I observed). The prices are high, but it's a novelty shop, not Circle K. I like that I can mix and match my own variety of candy. Also, the unwrapped bulk candy I purchased was absolutely fresh, and tasty. The man working at the cash register was super friendly. I love candy, and I will be back!
5	I LOVE this place.They have some of the best gummy bears around. I havent tried one of their oversized ones yet, but I throughly enjoy their normal sized ones.Another awesome thing about this place? They sell a bunch of candy that I grew up eating. Clark bars, Big League Chew, every flavor of Pop Rocks imaginable, Pixi Stix (make you own, and theyre HUGE....thats what she said) just to name a few. They also have a bunch of fun candy themed gifts. Hershey products (lip gloss, pillows, etc), jars of Reeses peanut butter, bacon flavored gifts, Star Wars stuff, Mustache gifts, huge Rice Krispie treats/ boxes of Nerds/ tubes of Sweettarts.... I could go on but its just making me hungry!Highly recommended for the 10 year old kid in all of us.
1	Come here if you want to buy a giant rice crispie treat for $22. REALLY? This place is more like a novelty gift shop than a candy store.This is place is hazardous to your health and at the same time, you will pay more money than just going to Walmart and gorging on their cheaper candy.It's a colorful and trendy atmosphere... that might make it a fun visual journey to diabetes.
1	$8 for the following;1/8 cup of gummies1 sucker ($1 here that are 10/$1 elsewhere)1 pack of pop rocks ($1.99).They took the fun out of fun candy shops :(
5	It is a great place to get an oversized Reese's Cup.  I love it.   I highly recommend this place.
3	This is an incredibly happy place with the nicest staff. I'd swear I go into the story just because it's so HAPPY.Well, there are also the chocolate-covered gummi bears. The supplier of binned chocolate products must be Koppers, since these are the bears that are all one flavor, but with good chocolate coating. The other clue is the presence of chocolate-covered cookie dough. Try this, like it, and make much of it, as I want the store to expand into additional flavors in the Koppers' catalog.Otherwise, it runs generally to the children-need-princess-plushies sort of novelties and candies, more than to the cute-funk of Candy Addict or the hipster irony of Smeeks.Recognize that you're not here to save money: you're here because it's fun to assemble a sort of demented bridge mix from the bin candies, and then you can something sweet to help you cope with the rest of your shopping trip.
4	IT'SUGAR certainly sounds like a candy store, but if you think that's what you're walking into, you're in for a *treat. I'd say this place is a novelty shop, with lots of candy too. Sure, there's candy bins with some of the most expensive (priced) candy in town, but where else are you going to find a huge rice crispy, ginormous gummy bear, ridiculously large chocolate bar, and all in one place? That's right, It's sugar is about the only place you will. There were literally kids in this candy store and I can first handedly tell you, the saying 'like a kid in a candy store' is true. I just couldn't stop from touching everything, licking the candy bins and running around asking if I could have whatever would fit in my hands.Novelty shop or candy store? ... you decide!Happy Yelping Phoenix, sometimes it's ok to be a kid in the candy store.
3	My go to place for chocolate covered gummie bears until they switched to these new ones!! Please bring back the old chocolate covered gummie bears!
