5	These guys do a great job we have been using them for over a year now and just love the service they provide.
5	I just want to say thank you Distinct Detail for making my car look amazing I never thought it would ever look like that again. To the tires to every knick and cranny and body  they hands down did a fantastic job. While all other places didn't want to touch my vehicle. I called Distinct Detail and  they came all the way from Arizona and got the job done. Great customer service very knowledgeable. I will be calling them again in the future. Thanks again
5	I really want to Thank Scott at Distinct detail. He really went above and beyond to make one of my worst nightmares (buying a car on Ebay and it arriving smelling as if someone had chain smoked with the windows up since it was brand new in 2007) into a HUGE relief! He was especially accommodating to both of our schedules and took our car on his own personal time when the actual shop was too booked up to fit us in! He is a VERY hard worker and even had his son out there helping out when I came to pick the car up. He was very knowledgeable as well! I love a family owned business where a son wants to follow in his dads footsteps. I also love how amazing my car looked! It literally looked like a different brand new car! He told me right off the bat after asking him if he would put that new car smell into it that he did not want to mask it, but get rid of it completely. The paint was so shiny and sparkly you could tell that they put their heart & soul into their work and they WILL stand behind it!  Scott followed up with me several times to make sure that I am happy with my car and even did an extra smell treatment a couple months later just to make sure that it was absolutely up to his standards which completely exceeded mine! I appreciate you guys really going the extra mile to make my Volvo so pretty and NOT smelly! This was after a cold call as well... I did not have a referral or any recommendations from anyone I knew. My husband found them on Google and this is the treatment we recieved! I will recommend them to everyone and anyone who wants a TRUE detail of their vehicle!
5	We've used Distinct & Scott for our needs on several occasions and there are a lot of businesses that say they are the best or do the best job...  There is no other experience I've had in any service industry that tops them delivering on Scott's stated desire to deliver a flawlessly finished car detail.  Don't go here is you're a half asser.  Do go if you like people busting theirs to be proud of their work.  You don't even need to say "the best" when no other detail outfit is in the league.
