5	Dr. McHale is a young, caucasian female from Texas who also did some of her graduate work in Pennsylvania.  She is very understanding, thorough, and patient.  The gynecologist is probably the doctor all of us women hate to see but, Dr. McHale allows me to feel as comfortable as I can be at the OB/GYN.  During exams/procedures she will give you an explanation about almost everything to help you get a better understanding of why some things are necessary.  At the end of exams/procedures, she always informs you of what you may need or, if you might need a follow-up.  Her instructions are clear and, if you should need more information, she will inform the receptionist or nurse to give you some literature.  I highly recommend Dr. McHale to any female needing a gynocologist.  She is very professional, un-snooty, and down to Earth.  With that said, I hope Dr. McHale receives the utmost positive recognition for her practice in medicine.
5	Just had my first appt. with Dr Mchale and she is absolutely phenomenal. Very nice, attentive and spent a good 10 minutes listening to my history and putting a plan together. This is her own practice at a new location and even though I had to wait a little while ; I felt my time was honored with the time I spent with her. Great MD
5	Dr. McHale is the best gynecologist I have ever been to! One of the most important things to me when visiting a doctors office is the wait time. What's the point of making an appointment and showing up early, as they usually request you do, if you're going to be waiting around for another hour? Her office is spot on with this. My GPS took me in the opposite direction and I ended up being 20 minutes late They were really kind in giving me old school directions and when I finally did arrive, they took my paperwork right away and told me Dr. McHale would be with me in just a moment. I think I probably waited about 5 minutes before I was shown back.Everything was spotless. The office is beautiful and there is a fish tank in the waiting room. I got outfitted in my paper gown and didn't wait long before Dr. McHale came in and introduced herself. She's very down to earth and instantly makes you feel comfortable and at ease! She asks you about yourself and then gives a little of her own background.She just left a group practice to start a private practice of her own so that she can do things the way she believes they should be done. In my opinion, how she is doing things is perfect. While lady doctor visits are always uncomfortable, Dr. McHale really eases that by making you laugh AND going through the worst parts quickly. This was the fastest exam I've ever had which is wonderful! She explains everything she is doing and why- which I love.She took ample time with me to find the right kind of birth control since I've had some really negative results with the side effects in the past. She is clearly very knowledgeable and her confidence makes it really easy to trust her opinions. She even went out of her way to get me a blood test and call me to relay the results- after office hours! The same day!And even though I have health insurance which would cover my birth control prescription, she gave me 3 months worth of samples (which are free) just to make sure I find a brand that works best for me before I start buying them. I can't even express how much that kind of honesty means to me! So many health practices gouge your insurance because people don't usually care too much since it's not right out of their pocket.Thank you to the entire office for being so amazing!
5	She is amazing!  From her courteous, kind and proficient front desk staff, to her beautifully appointed office, to Dr Staci herself, I could not be happier. She is motivated by having the freedom to treat her clients right, and left her previous practice to make sure her clients are getting the best care possible.  It is hard to find people who have strength of character, and I really respect her mission to do right by her patients. Her staff is amazing too!  Very respectful, helpful, and on the ball. I will never go to another OBGYN in Las Vegas.
5	Dr. McHale is THE BEST GYNO VEGAS HAS!!! I WILL RECOMMEND HER TO EVERYONE I KNOW. Sounds weird coming from a guy I know but let me tell you Dr. McHale is a life a saver for my wife and I. We had an incident with a different OB that caused us to find a new OB 7 1/2 months into my wife's pregnancy. This was the most horrible thing that could have happen to us the time of pregnancy is suppose to be filled with Joy and with Happiness we were 7 1/2 months in and had not experienced that until we found Staci McHale. Dr. McHale was willing to see us even though we had never crossed paths, and all that we knew of her was what I had googled and what the reviews of yelp said. When we met Dr. McHale she was very straight forward and very down to earth my wife and I felt beyond comfortable with her which was AWESOME!!!!! You know those questions you want to ask but are scared because you think the doctor will be like DAFUQ YOU JUST SAY??!! Well you will NEVER EVER get that feeling here, Dr. McHale goes above and beyond to explain and allow you to learn about the birthing process. She is amazing!! When we delivered at the hospital Dr. McHale was beyond helpful and she made everything so peaceful and calm. We even made austin power jokes in the middle of  the delivery and it was awesome!! I had Ricks Restoration on for the first half of pushing and speaking about tv. You know those TLC having a baby show where the doctors have the baby half out the mother and the mother ends up pulling the baby out of herself and on to herself.... WELL WE DID IT AND IT WAS AWESOME!!!!!. Yeah Dr. McHale is HANDS DOWN THE BEST OB and this is coming from a male. Listen TO BE FATHERS if you are young and a little scared don't fear SUPERMCHALE will set you at ease :).
5	The office was busy with all kinds of ladies waiting to get their girl parts looked at for one reason or another. I was there for my yearly checkup. The waiting room was very cold but there were plenty of seats, a fish tank and TV to keep me occupied. Magazines are scarce so make sure your phone is charged up for extra entertainment. Seeing the nurse was quick and pleasant while she checked my vitals. Dr. McHale made the experience easy, virtually painless, and quick. She did make sure to ask me several times if I had any questions or concerns, which made me feel like she was there to help keep women healthy and informed. We discussed some common women's' issues and that was that. Even though Dr. McHale was only in the room for a few minutes and most of the time she had her hands on or in my private parts, I feel like I made a new friend today. I would recommend her to any of my gal pals. See you next year, Staci.
4	I never feel rushed with her. I am 22 and am not pregnant, but she made me feel comfortable and took things slow enough for me so I felt fine. My insurance through my college paid for all my services which ibwas unaware of until my last visit, but she is worth every single penny. She listens to every problem I have or question, and her staff are friendly and efficient. I love their online portal, reminders, and test results. Even though I go to school in CA and I visit home for breaks, I don't see myself switching to another dr for quite a while.
1	We have been very disappointed with Dr. McHale staff and level of service. Dr. McHale herself is nice but the staff is unhelpful, unprofessional and sloppy. They did not bother to tell us the office would be closed during the Holidays so we showed up for no reason. They did not call us to notify us of any results of the lab work, even though another doctor said the results were abnormal. This is dangerous. Please be careful when you go there because you will have to follow up everything yourself.
5	Had my first appointment recently, the staff were pleasant, and wait time wasn't too long (I waited 30 min. to be seen) however other patients we're seen almost immediately (I assume because I was 1st time patient processing me delayed this).  Meeting with Dr. Mchale she was informative, detailed and asked several time if I had questions. I never felt rushed. Let me say, this is my Doctor! I appreciated the care    she puts in her practice, and love the office.
5	SIMPLY THE BEST!  Don't think I'll ever find a better OB and sad that we've moved to CA and won't have her anymore - but her being as amazing as she is she referred me to a friend of hers so hoping she's half as good as Dr. McHale.  If your pregnant she is the one to go to!!  She saw me through my whole pregnancy and delivered my Son, I never thought labor could be fun, but it sure was with Dr. McHale, we pretty much laughed the whole time I was delivering my Son while we discussed golf and vacations!  We had lots of girl talk during appointments discussing bags and shopping and my appointments felt more like visiting a girlfriend more then going to the OB.  She came and checked in on me when I checked into the hospital on her way home just for no reason at all - pretty amazing of her!  I love that she is young and with the times - this makes a huge difference!!The only negative is that word is definitely getting out so wait times can be long (typically an hour in/out) but take the first appointment after lunch and you're usually in better shape!  She's worth it!!!
5	This was my third pregancy and the doctor who had delivered our first two was no longer in practice. I looked to Yelp to find another one, and after about seven months...he too, went out of business.  He referred us to Dr. Tabassi, who is wonderful, but the night I went into labor, she was not on call.  Doctor McHale happened to be the doctor on call.  SHE WAS WONDERFUL!!Everything happens for a reason they say, and I know this to be true after my experience with Dr McHale.  I called her the night before I delivered and she gave me great advice and eased my mind because I wasn't scheduled for my repeat C-section until 3/1 and it was only 2/21.  After a few hours, I went to the hospital because she suggested they take a look at me and monitor the contractions, etc.  The hospital staff was great and comforting (Southern Hills) and when it was go time, she was still on call and ended up delivering my son via C-section.My incision was stapled closed, and I had never had staples. It seemed to work beautifully.  I was able to get up and walk sooner than with my prior two c-sections.  Overall, my experience with McHale was wonderful. She is very knowledgable and personable.  I would highly recommend her for any OB/GYN needs!
5	This is my 1st pregnancy and I just moved to Las Vegas so I was lost in regards to an OBGYN. I've always favored women (I'm shy) and I looked all over the place. I ended up stumbling across good reviews of Dr. McHale, plus her being a woman and younger made it the perfect combination. I've only had 2 appts with her and 2 appts for an ultrasound with the sonographer and all vists have been positive. Note: the 2nd appt with the sonographer was very early in the morning and she was late. I woke up early for nothing but it's ok. We are all human. Dr. McHale is very knowledgable and takes time to answer all of your questions and concerns. She's very professional and seems to love what she does. The only issue is the wait time to see her personally. The 1st time,  I waited close to 3 hrs! The second time close to 1.5 hr. As a previous review mentioned, it's best to get an appt. right after lunch. However, to be fair - I've never been to a Dr. appt. where I didn't have to wait at the very least 1 hr, so this is no surprise.
3	Here's the thing - I love Dr. McHale, she is great. Takes the time to explain things, seems to genuinely care, and is competent. Hard to find here in Las Vegas.One major "but" - I have never waited less than an hour after my appt time to see her. Sometimes almost 2 hours. This is obviously really inconvenient, and I've considered going elsewhere because of this reason only.
5	I am 21 weeks pregnant. I am very pleased with Dr. M so far. She is competent and smart. She really takes her time and her staff is very helpful, esp Betty.  They always make me feel so comfortable and I highly recommend her to anyone!
5	Dr. McHale is a lifesaver and a friend. I LOVE her and I will never go to another doctor again.
5	Very welcoming staff especially the receptionist Alisha...Dr Staci Mchale is very professional..knowledgeable and personable. Made me feel at ease and answerered all my questions . Not rushed like some doctors ive been too.
3	Dr. McHale is great but the management of the office, appointments and wait times is beyond ridiculous. I was asked to come in for some lab work on Monday, July 7th. When I arrived, the receptionist looked at me in puzzlement and told me there wasn't a phlebotomist in that day. I felt like it would've been nice if they could've given me a phone call to let me know- considering they're the ones that requested my presence that day. Another day I was called to reschedule an already existing appointment. I came in on the day they requested and, after waiting for an hour and twenty minutes I approached the receptionist and asked her if I could reschedule. I was told, point blank, that I should always expect an hour and a half wait and also that since this was a rescheduled appt (at their request, mind you) that I was being "accommodated" that day. My accommodation was waiting two hours to see the doctor and also, finding out from the girl sitting next to me in the waiting room, that my appointment slot was double booked. It seems many people are upset with the wait times- it's a shame the office isn't willing to make the changes their paying patients deserve.
1	No doctor is worth waiting over three hours for. If the doctor cares not at all for  the patient's time I don't think the doctor can really care for the patient's health.  There is no attempt at all to give  manage their appointment times better, give better estimates on waiting times when you get there or to even tell you they are running late. I understand she is popular and there is a shortage of good doctors but when it's almost impossible to get in to see them when you need a doctor and when you FINALLy get an appointment and its a three hour wait, I think it is better to find someone else.
1	I'm not sure why this facility has 2 different YELPs, (the other one being under "New Beginnings OB-GYN"), but it's the same facility, same doctor.  Here's an update to my last review over a year after my last appointment with this facility...I received a bill from New Beginnings a couple months ago... a year after my last appointment.  A YEAR!  I read through the bill and confirmed it was legit, so I sent a check and figured this would be the last time I hear back from them.  A month after that, I received yet ANOTHER BILL from them with the same exact balance I was told I owed from the initial bill sent two months ago.  I confirmed with my bank that New Beginnings, indeed, cashed the check I sent out two months ago.  I called billing, explaining the situation, telling them they double billed me.  They said they never received a check!  They pretty much told me to prove it by sending them a copy of the cashed check via mail.  That's exactly what I did... printed out the cashed check with the big "NEW BEGINNINGS OB-GYN" stamp on the back of the check.  I included a letter, asking them to please contact me as soon as the letter/copy of check is received.I haven't heard from them for about a month, so I decided to call them once again.  Again, they claimed that they never received my letter and copy of the check.  Frustrated, I asked if I can just drive over to the office to show them the copy of the check in person.  They told me I can... which makes me wonder why they told me to only do this by mail the first time.  A couple days after I dropped off the copy of the check, I received a call from them, apologizing about all this and that I now have a zero balance.All this BS is the reason I chose to go to a different OB-GYN.  On top of the billing issue that arised last year, and now all this hassle/running around on my end just to prove I paid for a bill?!  Come on guys, get it together.Oh, and I distinctly remember waiting close to 3 hours for the Dr. to finally see me... 3 hours after my scheduled appointment.  I get that appointments run late, but 3 hours?!  I have better things to do than to sit there and wait , when I was on time for a scheduled appointment.You're better off with another OB-GYN.My previous review listed below:2.0 star rating 10/15/2013  Previous review I really wanted to like this office.My experience with the doctor herself, Dr. McHale, was a really good one.  She is friendly and willing to go the extra mile to make sure questions are answered.  The staff accommodated to my schedule to make sure I was able to come in for lab testing.  Her office itself was very clean and tidy.The issue lies with billing.  A few weeks after my appointment, I received a bill in the mail for about $850 from LabCorp!  Confused, I called my insurance asking for answers.  Apparently, New Beginnings is covered with my insurance; the laboratory they use, LabCorp, is not.  The receptionist I spoke to when I was setting up my appointment failed to tell me that when I asked her if my insurance is good with them.  Sad to say, but I am back to searching for a doctor (and the laboratory they use) who is covered under my insurance.  Now I know to ask which laboratory they use for  testing before setting up an appointment!
1	I went in for a regular annual check up over a year ago and I JUST NOW received a collection agency call that I owe them $125 for my check up.  This is considered preventive care with my insurance and I have NEVER had to pay anything but my co-pay for the service received.  They are just another doctor trying to rip you off.
