1	Also known as Actors Youth Theater. . .my son just finished an acting boot camp here and in the beginning there were signs.  Like him saying that the skit that they were working on was one where the kids were left in charge. . .the parents had left. . .and the family dog had been sitting under one of the kids chairs.  The chair accidentally breaks and kills the dog  - so to hide this from the parents they decide to spray paint the dead dog.  Is this supposed to be funny?  so this is only one incident - a one time thing.  Today was the final show for the boot camp and one of the skits that they do involves a cat.  A girl is leaving town and needs someone to cat sit for her so she hands off the cat to two of her friends.  They take the cat home on the motorcycle finding out that cats don't like helmets and the cat has helmet head.  So they have to spray the cat off with water to get rid of the helmet head and of course the cat doesn't like it.  The cat runs away and the boys go chasing the cat in their car.  Of course, the cat get's ran over by them so they have to put jumper cables on the cat and electrify it to bring it back to life.  I don't get it.  Do they think that killing animals is funny?  And another skit was hiding halloween candy from parents.  All in all, I was disappointed in the content of the skits that the kids did.  I feel that the time they had could have been used to send a positive message to the kids and all I feel that the kids got were mixed up messages.  We will not be going back and hope to find another theater where my son can do what he loves.
5	Our children have been taking workshops, classes and performing with Actor's Youth Theatre at the Tuscany Theatre for many years.  It is the only Youth theatre in town that doesn't nickel and dime you to death!  The environment is safe and the other youth are so welcoming and inclusive.  Unlike so many theatres, it is not a competitive, cut-throat group of kids.  They are like a family.  My children have grown so much since starting with AYT.  They have gained confidence and their public speaking abilities have grown so much - they are very comfortable in front of a crowd and they speak in a clear and precise manner.The directors are kind and yet expect a lot from the kids.  They want them to succeed.The shows are VERY well done.  The theatre itself has the BEST, most comfortable seats in town!If you have not seen a show at Tuscany Theatre - You are missing out!!
5	This theatre is a breath of fresh air in the Phoenix/East Valley community theatre scene. Tuscany Theatre is the home of Actor's Youth Theatre, Black Moustache Melodrama Company (BMMC), and the Tuscany Theatre (for adult actors). Their productions are imaginative, nuanced, and contain high quality in acting, singing, dancing, directing, sets, costumes, etc.Full disclosure: one of my children acted in two plays here but is no longer involved - but I am!  I am so impressed with their focus on DEVELOPMENT of the youth actors - not just putting on a great show regardless of the cost to the self-esteem of those involved. I have seen many young  people gain confidence, presence, and leadership skills over their years associated with the theatre. A number of them have won scholarships to prestigious summer programs and colleges. This is an extracurricular activity that really prepares them for life! A true sign of the theatre's positive influence is that those who "age out" keep coming back to help backstage, direct, volunteer, or act in their adult-level company.That would be the Tuscany Theatre company. Their first show was roll-on-the-floor hilarious and I can't wait for the next one! The BMMC has also staged excellent, old-timey, audience participation performances that you just can't find around here anywhere.Bottom line: if you're looking for a safe, nurturing place for your child to attend workshops, take private voice, acting, or dance lessons, or act on stage, look into this theatre - You'll be glad you did!
5	My family has been attending or performing in shows at the Tuscany Theatre in conjunction with AYT since January 2014.  We have been cast in two, helped backstage with one and simply attended another.  Throughout, the experience has been very fulfilling not only for my daughter but also for myself and the rest of my family.  AYT does a wonderful job truly making you feel like family.  I can't see any reason why my family would go anywhere else.  If you are looking for somewhere for a show or for your child to get involved, look no further.  This is where you want to be!
5	A great new theatre in Gilbert, AZ! Tuscany Theatre is also the home of Actor's Youth Theatre. Our family has enjoyed youth theatre productions around the Phoenix metro area for years. We went to see a few shows at Tuscany Theatre and were very impressed with the production quality. The costumes, sets and overall talent of those performing was very impressive. This last summer, our daughter decided to audition for AYT's production of The Addams Family. She was given the role of ancestor and our fun began. From the day we started rehearsals, our daughter was welcomed into what felt like a family. The directors were very professional and yet provided a fun and encouraging atmosphere for all involved. Since performing at the theatre we have seen one of their new adult theatre shows (39 Steps). It was so much fun and well acted!I highly recommend Tuscany Theatre and AYT to anyone interested in seeing or auditioning for a show! This is a wonderful place for families to pursue their interest in the arts.
5	We are beyond impressed with the staff and youth at this theatre. They are caring and kind, quick to build each other up. They all are strong characters. Each class and play are well orchestrated. The performances are terrific. Costuming and make-up are amazing and the singing will take your breath away.  We just saw Seussical Jr. last night and it was very professional for a cast and crew of 8-15 yr olds. Well Done!
5	My daughter has acted with Actor's Youth Theatre for five years which has its home at Tuscany Theater now. She loves it and has grown and matured through her association with it as well as being able to form some wonderful friendships with many amazing people. The Tuscany is also home to the the Black Moustache Melodrama and the Tuscany Theater for adults. I enjoy watching all of their productions and have found them to be of excellent quality. I am so happy to have a place like the Tuscany Theater in my community!!!
5	We were so happy when the Tuscany Theatre opened its doors in December, 2013!  We don't live too far from the theatre and have enjoyed many plays and performances there.  The prices are better than any other live theatre venue in Gilbert.  And they put on such high quality shows.  The chairs are extremely comfortable, and you can bring your concessions into the shows - there are even cup holders for each chair.  It's an intimate setting with 120 seats.  Everyone has a great view of the stage.  As a parent, I am happy that Actor's Youth Theatre now calls the Tuscany Theatre home.  There is always a positive atmosphere at this theatre, with the actors putting their heart and soul into each performance.  It is well worth the price of admission at the Tuscany Theatre!
