5	Impressions to the eyes always meets the mouth 2 fold. If it looks good, it's got to taste that good as well. Most places just show you a fancy picture and when the food comes out its blah. But Donna's is completely different. What you see on the picture boards is exactly what you see on the plate. I swear they just photocopy the food. And that's just the start of your foodie adventure. You have great desserts, looks like master chef had a tournament in there. Everything so delicate and just melts perfectly in your mouth. I have to say I was most overjoyed to be able to not only see how great it looks but Wow taste it for once.
2	So we just happen to see this place and decided to take my toddler in for a treat.We came in on a Saturday.  There were (literally) a handful of dessert items in the display and very few baked goods (like the Asian breads).  I asked the lady what was up with that and she said shipments come during the week.  1.)  I guess they don't make it in the store but it's called a bakery?  2.) She specifically said to come on Tuesdays so that leads me to believe the baked goods are not fresh daily.  What they did have out, however, looked beautiful.  Just like how I remember an Asian bakery should be ... except sparse ... and not fresh.So we had a couple of things.  The taro boba wasn't good at all.  It just tasted icy.  It didn't have any of the rich texture that I'm used to.  We also had a chocolate pound cake type dessert.  It wasn't very sweet - which I like - and my husband noticed there were no chocolate chips.  Well, it's not an American pastry store silly.I really wanted to like this place b'c I hardly go to the COFCO Center nowadays.  There's just not much there except the grocery store so it's not really worth the 45 minute drive for me.  Having a bakery would've totally given me an incentive.  Next time we go to the area I'd like to come during the weekday, preferably on a Tuesday. Maybe you will have better luck than me!
1	Awful food and service!I always try a place twice before I write a review so I gave this place two chances and it is an unorganized mess.  It took 38 min to get the wrong sandwich TWICE.  There were two girls making the sandwiches and handing them to the poor girl at the register who clearly was a newbie.  They would hand her the sandwiches and say here....when she would ask what they were they would look annoyed and roll their eyes.  The poor girl was just trying to make sure the right order went out the the right people.  Also for this being a bakery why was my bread nasty and stale both times??? Super gross.  My bread tasted like it was a week old.  The first time I had the Turkey avocado sandwich which was BATHED in mayo.  The second time I had the club which had mayo all over the outside of the sandwich in globs and the bacon appeared to be semi-raw.....not thanks....do not recommend this place.
5	Love their cakes, we get them everytime there is a birthday or special occasion. The lunch is pretty good and not too expensive as well.
3	It was OK. I only got a boba tea and it didn't really impress me. The place looks a lot like a Subway sandwich shop, but has a lot more variety.
1	If you want great tasty boba, head next door to Super L Ranch Market.  If you want fresh daily baked breads, again, head next door to Super L.  All products are made fresh daily, no shipment come in weekdays.  All are freshly made for your enjoyment.
1	I asked for a iced coffee, add sugar free vanilla, and skim milk. The girl at the register and the shorter girl stated they didn't have skim milk, but they had soy. I said no thanks, I'll just have the sugar free vanilla then. I watched her make my drink and add whole milk then she handed it to me. I said, "Im sorry, I asked for no milk, I don't think you heard me." The girl at the register continued to argue that I asked for a latte and that has whole milk. I said, "No, I said no milk since we just had the conversation in the past 3 minutes that you did not have skim." The girl still wanted to argue, I literally had to say to her, "There's no point in arguing, can I have the correct drink I paid for?" She rolled her eyes, and told the girl to remake the drink. I can't believe that people who work in a customer service position want to argue over something so petty such as a drink order? On top of her lack of customer service, she had extremely long fake finger nails on, some had fallen off, and to my knowledge of food service you cannot have long fake nails, or fake nails at all! I hope no one had a nail come off in their food! Who's running this place, and why aren't there more standards here? I will never come back here.
1	Just had similar bad experience today!  I ordered cakes before but today's server was horrible!  I ordered thai milk tea with boba.  I am an pure Asian I know exactly what is the thai milk tea tastes like.  Long story short, the milk tea tasted sour and just like the expired milk tastes.  I went to the counter and talked to the long dark hair server and told her the taste is not right, it's like spoiled milk.   Oh my gosh!!!  Believe or not she turned back and opened the milk container lid smelt the milk, then she said to another server: "I know our milk tea still good, it's just her!"  Come on girl, I'm not deaf I heard what you say!  I told her: I know what is thai milk tea and I tried many places before and never sour or off flavor like this!  She asked me: did you buy from us?  I said no, she said: this is our milk tea flavor, I know it's different flavor but we just made it 2 days ago!  WTF!!  (Sorry, shouldn't used that words it may have kids reading these) 2 days ago?!  are you Kidding me??  Okay, I think she is not kidding at all and I have to changed a new taro flavor one as she offered!  But no doubt, the same off flavor tea, the same spoiled milk they made 2days ago!   I swear never ever go back to order anything from there.  Feel really sorry the owner is an Ansian, but the low quality food and service convince me to say NO MORE SPOIL MILK TEA FROM DONNA'S!!!
3	Went looking for a quick bite away from my hotel across the street and found Donna's behind the Chinese Cultural Center, right next to the Ranch Market.Actually, this was a very nice little mom and pop cafe. Karla was in there alone and was very friendly and had a smile when she took my order. I had a veggie wrap and it was very good.  Fresh tortilla and included in the sandwich was a touch of cranberries, which were delicious.Excellent meal for less than 8 bucks. And it's always good to see someone who smiles and is friendly when working in the public sector.
4	Just stopped for expresso. Everyone very friendly and helpful. There is outside seating and this is where I enjoyed my two shots of Expresso. If I am in the area I would stop again as their Expresso is good.
5	Was next door at the surgery center and needed breakfast bad.  Since it was the crack of dawn the place was empty however that didn't stop the great service I got.  Cashier was so nice!  Had a smile on her face the whole time and have me good recommendation for what I was looking for to eat.  That's nice. Ordered a breakfast burrito that was AWESOMMMMME.  I also had a Carmel iced coffee and that was great as well. I was worried due to the other reviews and glad it was yummy.  It's not called Donna s any longer.  Boba subs or something like that.  Nevertheless I would come here again.
