4	This restaurant is just now having it's grand opening. It is in the developing area along Estrella Park Way.The building it self is nothing of note just another new strip mall structure, and the inside although not in typical Chinese decor; is more of an office break room feel. The folks running the place are friendly and personable. I am not sure if they really intend for folks to eat in or not but there are several table to do so. You order the food at the counter from a menu that is not unlike all Chinese fast food joints. If you are eating in,  find a table and they bring the food out to you. What i found odd is that it is served on plasitc to go plates with plastic untensils. But I guess this is normal anymore since we live in a to go throw away world.The food, well I must say it was better than I had expected. Rich full flavours and good texture to each dish we tried. Do not expect adventerous food here, just basic fare that is for now, tastey.
2	The folks running this place remain enthusiastic and friendly, but the food has become a bit too sweet, even the savory dishes are much too sweet. It is too bad as I really liked the food the first few times we went.
1	It slipped again. This time for the last time for us. Gus promises we will never go back even if he is being lazy and does not want to drive a little more down the road. This is the closest Chinese to our home, but hey we might move anyway.This time around was very odd, four tables with no chairs and none to be found. So While Gus was ordering I asked for a cloth to clean a dirty table with chairs. She suggested I move the chairs to one of the empty tables. I said do not want to sit at one of those tables, I prefer one in a corner where no one can pass behind me. So she went over and washed off the table for us, with a smile I might ad. Look these are really nice folks running this place and I wish I liked it. But God the food is just horrible. Gus ordered a beef dish that looked and tasted like it was drenched in a molasses sauce. Mine was spicy but no flavour and the rice was just yucky, how do you screw up white rice.
3	This place gets a 3-star "A-OK" rating because for a fast food Chinese place, it's "A-OK." It's better than Panda Express, not as good as Pei Wei, and the food is about even with other family-style, strip-mall resident Chinese restaurants. The decor is like a pizza joint. They must have recently gotten some new chairs and tables, which were nice; although, the chairs had plastic on the seats still. My husband had picked up take-out a couple of months ago, and the food was fairly good, so we tried it again in a pinch. This time we ate there. Our host/server had this ridiculously dry sense of humor, and my husband was his best audience member. Michael would pitch him a doozy, and this guy would knock it out of the park. We had the twice cooked chicken and the kung pao beef. Both were good - I'd definitely get those dishes again and recommend them!
4	We ordered it for delievery with http://www.youbuyandwefly.com.  It's resonably priced and very yummy.  We'll order again.  I can't comment on the actual location though because again we ordered delievery.  I had the hot and sour soup and it was delicous, we also ordered some sweet and sour pork, orange chicken, and chicken chow main it was all good!
5	Wow, I am so glad I decided to try this place. Inside, the restaurant is spotless and nicely decorated. Very nice. I got takeout, and the food was amazing. As a vegan, it's tough to find tofu dishes anywhere in the West Valley. I highly recommend the kung pao tofu dish with a side of vegetable noodles.My boyfriend tried my food and he was very impressed as well. Very fresh food, and delicious. Will definitely be back for more! :)
4	It is a good eat. They use all white meat chicken and give you plenty to eat. My wife always gets sweet and sour chicken. It is enough to feed to boys from one plate. They all love it. The orange chicken is is just too sweet for me. If it wasnt so syrupy and had more spice, it would be better. I like white meat chicken with some spice. Good, but just too sweet.Mongolian beef is very tasty. Thats usually what I get. Again, not quite the kick I like. I usually add some sriracha hot sauce. Mmmmmm.
4	Hidden gem. Very decent food for a reasonable price. Not a flashy place but a wide variety on the menu that appears to specialize in American-Chinese style food. Tasty, big portions, and attentive staff made this a place we'll be coming back to again.
4	Totally good experience, for non over seasoned and salty food. Great layout and good customer service. Obviously they have been making changes because the other reviews do not do proper justice. Worth the time for a quick cheap meal.
4	Great food, Great price and Great ambiance:Being my first visit here, Yan's is a great Chinese restaurant and a family favorite for take out. The service is friendly and the food is WOW..exceptional.They use all white meat chicken all though the orange chicken was okay, but not the best. It had a flavorless taste.My favorite dish was there Chow Mein and Mongolian Beef and i highly recommend that next time you visit.If you like good traditional chinese food with a large selection, this is the place to go.Since it was my first time here, I will be trying out other dishes the next time im there which will be really soon.While you are there be sure to grab a take out menu for future visits.
5	love love love this placespent so much time he manager always comes over and sits with us when we eat..need more chop stick action in phoenix..but will drive/ride when ever the hunger hits..!!!
3	Good food - nice people - we will go back!
3	FOOD              1) Quality                 5    Cooked to order             2) Quantity               4    Plastic plates could be larger             3) Flavor                   4    some items bland                4) Price                    4    $6 to $10 ppRESTAURANT             1) Cleanliness       5    Immaculate             2) friendliness        5   greeted promptly
4	The quality of food is much greater than the price.  Best Chinese take out I've had in a while.
4	Best Chinese I have had in a long time and good size portions.  The Mongolian beef is my favorite. Yummy Yans!
2	Unfortunately, I have to leave Yan's a 2-star review. We used to go here all the time when we first moved down to Goodyear. It's close to home, and we had heard great things about it. Those turned out to be true--great, fast service, yummy food, nice employees, etc. However, the last 3 or 4 times ended up being not so great at all. At first, we just thought it was a fluke. Then, the 2nd time, coincidence? After that, we have decided that we will probably not go there again unfortunately :( Sad, because we used to love Yan's! We aren't sure what happened, but here are the negatives we've experienced lately:We ALWAYS get the Crab Rangoons with our meals every time. (By the way, we always call in and order take-out rather than eating there since it's so close to home.) They are usually great with the sauce they come with, but the last 3-4 times have not been so great. One time, they forgot to give us the sauce, which we did not notice until we had started eating our food. They are difficult to eat without sauce ;) The next few times, we had sauce, but it was extremely runny and seemed watered down... literally. The taste was completely diluted and different, as if they had run out or something and wanted to re-use what they had left. Not good :( The fact that it happened more than once is concerning.We always call in and order it as take-out, and they tell us 10-15 minutes (or something along those lines.) We always arrive at the expected time, or sometimes a little later, and walk in to pick it up. At first, they were a few minutes later than expected, but lately it seems like they don't even put the order in until we walk into the restaurant. When I say "seems like," I mean we ask for our order, and they tell the cooks to make it right in front of us. Ok, so why did we call in and order over the phone if we could have just saved ourselves the phone call and just walked in to order? So we sit and wait for the ~15 minutes while they make our order. This is totally fine, because it is fresh and usually good food, but it takes twice the amount of estimated time (and again, why even bother calling in if they don't put the order in until you arrive??!) This has happened several times now, not just once or twice.The same dishes we used to love at Yan's don't seem to be of the same quality they used to be. They aren't as flavourful, and the meat seems to be very "fatty" at times. It wasn't always like this... It just seems like corners are being cut to make an extra buck. I know that "times are tough" right now, as much as I hate to keep saying that, and that most businesses are struggling right now, but it's just sad to see it happen right in front of us. We used to love going here, but now we just don't feel like spending the money if we are not satisfied. Hopefully it changes back to being a great place, but until then I have to leave then a 2-star review.
3	Eat the Hawaii Fried Rice, Do It.
2	Service is good....but there's def much better chinese food out there.
2	I used to love this place. We would order a bunch of food and it was all excellent. Last handful of times though it's gone from not very good to actually being bad. I went tonight for the first time in a long time and ordered three dishes. After tasting them, two went directly into the garbage. Really was hoping for a good experience tonight but I don't think I will be back.I'm giving two stars instead of one because the people there are very nice and the one dish tonight that was good was very good.
1	is tasted really good... but my daughter & I had bad tummy aches afterward:(
4	Was looking for a new place to eat and saw Yan's.  I have found a good Chinese cuisine restaurant should be able to make a good fried rice and hot and sour soup.  Those are my leading indicators of whether it is a real Chinese food or American fast food restaurant.    I ordered Kung Pao Chicken combo with fried rice and a spring roll, some hot and sour soup to eat and some house fried rice to go.  The fried rice on the combo plate wasn't.  It was some light orange colored steamed rice.  Not bad, but not fried rice.  The hot and sour soup was a bit bizarre.  It was nicely spicy, but contained uncooked sliced button mushrooms.  I've had hot and sour soup that tasted more like warm dish water.  This was much better than that, but still way off the mark.  The sour component was mostly missing.  If you like southwestern spicy mushroom soup with bamboo sprouts and tofu, you'll enjoy this version.  So, with two major strikes against them, the Kung Pao Chicken was great.  Flavorful, spicy but not hot enough to blow out the taste buds.  When I got home and tasted the to go House Fried Rice, it was wonderful.  Great fried rice has a smokey taste from the extreme high heat of the wok.  This was a home run.  So, on the first visit, I'll give them a two star review with bonus points for a polite and friendly staff and another bonus for properly prepared house fried rice.   The food was poor or great.  Worth another try.  Still looking for some decent hot and sour soup.
4	Good portions, good prices. Friendly staff. I'll be back! Great place to have a cheap, filling lunch.
5	This was a good find for us as we were passing through town.  My husband wanted some flavorful but quick food since we had our dog with us.We had seen the sign for Panda Express and were headed towards it when I eyed Yan's.  We were  very happy that we stopped here.We entered and were greeted kindly.  Of course we were the only customers at the time. There were a lot of choices on the menu.  They also have a menu on the wall with pictures, which will give you an idea what you are ordering.We were very pleased with our Twice cooked beef, Shrimp Chow Suey, and Deep Fried (battered) Shrimp.  We ordered a side of white rice to eat with the Twice cooked beef.  The Twice cooked beef was my favorite!.The employees were very friendly up until the time we walked out the door.  We wouldn't mind stopping by Yan's again to try some new dishes, but for sure I would order the Twice cooked beef again!WE'LL BE BACK (In Arnold's voice :D)
1	I recently ate there with my family. I had chow fun, my daughter had chicken chow mein, husband got the sweet & sour chicken. i personally thought the food was horrible and it gave us belly aches!
4	Good local spot for take out. Food is good and the price is reasonable.
3	We are constantly on the search for good Chinese in the west valley. So instead of hitting up the usual we decided to give Yan's a try. The good:The restaurant is very nice inside and clean. You can see in the back where they are cooking and it looks nice. The food came out to is quickly and the staff was extremely friendly. It was also very reasonable prices. Two combination dinners for under $14. The food was pretty good. The only thing I didn't care for was the fried rice. It was pretty bland and tasteless. The bad:The only bad thing was the portion size was pretty small. While honestly it was enough for me I love having left overs for lunch the next day. My husband has a big appetite and could have eaten another order. I guess the search continues.
1	My poor husband came into this restaurant yesterday at noon and ordered their Yum Yum Chicken. While he was waiting for his order he heard a microwave being operated in the back! When he got his chicken home and proceeded to eat it. He ate one piece of chicken and noticed it lacked "freshness." He had me taste it to make sure and I immediately spit it out!! It had the flavor of tainted meat all in my mouth and the chicken was so rubbery!!My husband now has mild food poisoning today, thanks to Yan's and has not been able to eat a decent meal today because of it and other unpleasant symptoms.Too many a times have they served us bunk food....Forget this place, I'm never being disappointed here again!!!Where can I find some real chinese food around here??   No where. Guess I'll save my appetite for California, where all the food is fresh.
2	The restaurant smells off when you walk in and my chicken teriyaki felt squishy.
2	Food is better than service......cashier acts as if she's doing me a favor,even though she was nicely rude....this is sad because Goodyear could use more GOOD mom & pop businesses.
5	Had the Mongolian Beef & the Cashew Nut Chicken...both were excellent! Will be back again.
4	Large portions and cooked to order! Good sweet and sour chicken! Can't wait to come back and try more. The young gentleman was very helpful that was up front. My nephew got the orange chicken and said it was good but wasn't really that spicy!
1	Really had to talk my family in giving this place a second chance and I really wanted some shrimp fried rice.  Well we get there and the young kid takin our order wants to be any place but there. No knowledge of the menu or just didn't care. Once the order was taken we waited 25 minutes to have our food. Again a little customer service goes a long way.  The food arrived and only the pan fried dumplings were good. Really loss this pick with the family. Never again.
4	Eaten here 10 or so times.  Chicken is all white meat, service is efficient, food is good and prices are good. Really just a good little Chinese restaurant.
1	Horrible customer service. Food okay, but with the rude lady, it made it taste worse than it probably was. I haven't been back in over a year because the last time there I was charged for water. Really?? In Az it is not legal to not provide water. I asked the lady and she said she charged for the cup and lid. Really? I tried to explain in English to her why they could not charge for water and she argued with me. I told her that was okay, she lost a few customers over $.25. There are a billion great Asian places to eat that now have my business and my family's business.  I know petty for me over such a small amount, but it's the principal and her attitude.
1	Just watched the chef drop his tongs on the ground, pick them up and use them again. Refund? Yes please.  Not returning to this place. When I asked him about it he wouldn't respond to me.
5	I don't understand all these terrible reviews. I absolutely love yans. My family and I eat here almost twice a week every week and we have yet to have a bad experience. The food is amazingly fresh and the service is always great. This place is family owned, and they will always greet you with a smile (:
5	Of of all the Chinese places I've gone to so far around here, this one takes the cake! I could not, for the life of me, find a place that makes affordable Chicken Pad Thai but Yan's makes deliciously right and still keeps it affordable. I go here very other Sunday it's sort of a tradition now. I just love it so much! Yan's gets the highest of fives from me :)
3	Got the shrimp friend rice to go.  It was OK.  Big pieces of shrimp so that was a plus.  I wish they had yan chow fried fried but they don't.  Disappointing but the fried rice I did get is about par with most places in the area.
4	Yan's food has always been extra fresh and amazing. My go to place for Chinese food in Goodyear. Try house egg fuyung. Delicious!
5	I went in around  lunch time.had a wonton soup.all fresh vaggies were used.shrimp and very tender wontons.it was good.i also had a teriyaki chicken bowl with steamed rice.also very good,chicken was thin sliced and smothered in a rich and tasty teriyaki sauce .it had toasted sesame seeds sprinkled on top.very good.not overpriced. Good Chinese food.fresh ingredients...
2	Normally I only go for the sesame chicken when I have Chinese food.  While this wasn't the worst food I have ever had it was far from the best.  The coating on the chicken was very spongy and the flavor was so-so.  The good thing was you could at least identify the chicken as white meat.  Would probably not go back.  Still waiting to find sesame chicken in goodyear that's any good.
2	Don't waste time or money here but walk or drive 100 feet away to Wok Wei. We had hot and sour soup at both places and Wok Wei's had big shrimps in it and better taste. Yans was not even hot and tasted like hint of BBQ sauce. the egg rice seemed to be devoid of egg and the Mongolian beef was mostly onion. Most of my meal got tossed in the trash. Very disappointing
