1	I went today with my daughter who was to have a birth control procedure done . I was there to take care of my 6 1/2 week old grandson, who nurses and hasn't quite taken to being bottle feed. Of course when my daughter was Finally called to go back, my grandson started to fuss. Yes he fussed and cried, I did my best to soothe him. Then the administrator of the center came out and told me I had to take the baby outside. I said to her "don't you think it is too hot for a baby to be outside?" she then told me I was disturbing the other patients! So I carried what was most valuable, my daughters diaper bag, my purse, and my grandson outside to 104 degrees, past the smokers who were waiting for there family or friends being seen. I walked with this tiny baby up and down the strip mall. I can understand that I made others uncomfortable with his crying, but surely this very insensitive "administrator" could have been more sensitive about how she handle this. Maybe she could have offered to call my daughter so I could get the car keys, helped me carry his car seat out for me. Or how about offering me an empty room with air conditioning. I am 55 years old and have over time been very glad Planned Parenthood was there for me. But today I feel they failed, by having an administrator like Catherine represent them. I pled with you,that you yelp reviews to get the proper service, respect, and dignity from the different locations. I hope that no other guardian has to do this to their precious baby. And like the prior review, I also would give this facility a negative zero!
1	My appointment was for 11:30,  I arrived at 11:15 and sat in the waiting room until12:30, then I sat in the Dr. Office until 1 0'clock.  That is when I started to throw a fit.  If the doctor is unable to see me until 1 o'clock then they should make my appointment for 1 0'clock, not 11:30.  I have a very busy schedule and I think this is a huge waste of my time, it is bad business, and most of all very inconsiderate of me and my time.  I will never be back!  This was ridiculous! The lady said it is standard to wait 2 to 2 1/2 hours.  I am a very calm person and I must say that I almost went ape shit in this place.  There is one doctor and they must schedule 10 people for each time slot!  It is 3:13 and I am still pissed about this experience.  If you go here bring a book,  some chill pills, and a bottle of wine because your gonna need them.
1	Waited 2 1/2 hours just for the doctor to fill out a prescription refill. Thank god I'm generally a calm person. Just know you'll be waiting at least 1hr till they call your name. They'll schedule you at 2 or whatever, but the doctor won't be available till 3.
1	I had an appointment at 1030am. I am still waiting on answers from doc its almost 2pm.
1	They couldnt tell that I had cysts on my ultrasound, thought they were ectopic pregnancies... really?!  They put me in an office told me I needed to go right to the ER or I could die.  uhmmmmmm what?  So I listened, even with no insurance and went and ER was in shock that PP thought it was eggs. They were clearly cysts and I have to pay out of pocket for this hospital bill.
1	Literally,   waited for more then and hour to get seen! Ridiculous! I just don't like the fact keeping the patient here waiting for so long!
3	The Planned Parenthood Website, Yelp, Google, and even a customer service rep I spoke with have the incorrect hours for this center and the Scottsdale location (which sports a felt 'Hours' board in its door with missing numbers - very informative). Calling the exhaustive phone tree to attempt to speak to someone at a particular location borders on impossibility, and I have no idea if the prescription I called in is finished, or in some voicemail limbo. Hmm. It's not the center's fault for not fitting with my 9-5 work schedule though, and I appreciate the accessibility of services.
1	Worst planned parenthood. No one go here.
1	Absolutely awful! They will hold you hostage, schedule your appointment for 12:30 & not see you until 3:00. NO JOKE!Why they overlap appointments is incomprehensible! What the hell are you doing back there when your waiting room is packed? If you make appointments, schedule them at 15 minute intervals. No one should ever have to wait 2+hrs! It's not fair and its beyond inconsiderate! Sure some appointments may run long, but there should be no excuse for someone to wait 2+hrs!
