4	We were excited to make our first trip to a TRUE gluten-free restaurant in Pittsburgh.Despite if being a miserably cold evening, we found the joint with little trouble. The sign could be lit a little better since you could pass it really easy.Gus's had a nice friendly I've to it but it was pretty cold inside, but it didn't matter. The menu changes often and is written on the chalkboard painted walls which is a great idea. There's a super beer selection, both draught and bottles...but no gliten-free.We started with Crepes filled with a variety of savory ingredients. The Kale and garlic was the favorite followed by the mushroom and cheese. The potato stuffed crepe was also good...a hat tip to pierogies? Each were around d 5 bucks. Normally, gluten free offerings are priced off the chart. Not here.I had the Cali Burrito which was rich in flavor...as wall all the burritos our table orders. The wrapping is a little fluffy which added a little something...We ended with the sweet Crepes: Carmel and lemon (awesome).We met the owner, George, who was a great guy, and who alluded to more to come in the near future.All-in-all this was a great place, especially for gluten free folks but even those who like a good, flavorful, reasonably price evening out.
4	I work just down the street from Gus's and we were very excited to try them out for the first time after they opened.  The menu is on a blackboard in the back, which is fun.  It seems they are still working out exactly what the more permanent menu will be, so they're using the chalkboard to try things out before they get official menus printed.The food was fantastic, and not what you would expect from a gluten free restaurant.  I had the Kale & Garlic crepe and it was filling and very, very tasty.  I also tried their fried pickles which were absolutely spot-on.  The batter was crispy and perfectly fried, and the pickle was great as well.  Again, surprisingly good for gluten free.  I also like that they have a number of vegan items on the menu, because I know vegan/gluten free is a really tough market to find food in, and this really hits a great niche market that needed good food.One thing I saw on the menu that I liked is they offer one of their soups on a "pay what you want" scale, with everything over $4 going to a different charity each month.  Very cool concept.At the moment they are cash-only, which I think could end up being a difficulty.  But they're open in L'ville on Mondays which is a really big bonus.  I am really glad these guys opened and plan on going back again in the future.  I'll update as they get on their feet.  I did hear they aren't planning the official "grand opening" until closer to spring, and that right now they're trying a soft open just to test things out and see how a gluten free menu will go over.  I think they'll be great once they get the little kinks worked out.
5	Gus's executes the concept they are going for. The concept is gluten-free street food for a reasonable price. I had some GF pakora and a dosa filled crepe. It was a real treat to be out at a restaurant with zero chance of gluten cross contamination. Gus's caters to people with other food sensitivities such as soy and corn. They fry in hypoallergenic rice-bran oil. There are good options for vegetarians and some vegan options (eggs are usually a necessary ingredient in gf food).If I were to nitpick, I would say that the bar, while perfectly adequate (good beer/cider selection), has some untapped potential. I would like to see a gluten free craft cocktail menu, but that's not what Gus's is going for. In the meantime, I'm perfectly satisfied with two types of arsenal cider on draft.
1	Wow...and not in a good way. Horrible service. Expensive beers, even domestics. Beyond cold inside with no resolution by the management. I and my guests had to wear 2 coats and gloves, inside!  As a person that enjoys many evenings out I will most certainly not be back here.
1	This place has a lot of kinks that need to be worked out.  First- there is barely any heat, at all.  While the food was good (some items such as the fried pickles were much better than others like the chickpea salad).  The service is pretty bad.  While we were there early in the evening with only few tables, drinks were slow to be served and we waited close to 30 between the time our first entree arrived to the time our last one did. Apparently they forgot to place 2 of the 4 orders and we sat with no drink refills until we asked, however additional staff members continued to come in.  The cook was overheard saying he was getting other orders out first before the food we were waiting on would be prepared.  We were comped after asking for the one entree, and this wouldn't be a fair review without noting that.  Overall food and drinks are over priced for the quality.
4	I like Gus'! The service we had was awesome, the food was delicious and healthy and they had a nice selection of drinks! My dining mate and I had the Tom Ka soup (super yummy-huge portion), the Asian slaw (again super yummy and a huge portion), the curry/masala crepe, and the Nutella crepe. Now, before you accuse me of gluttony--I had never been here so we assumed the soup and slaw were small (like side portions) so that is why we ordered three things to split. Also, they gave us the Nutella Crepe complimentary to try (woo hoo!) Everything was really yummy and flavorful, our waitress was super nice and attentive. I see the other review about it being cold--it was pretty chilly in there but it was also -3 outside...sooooo...Pros:+Good Food (everything we had was good)+Good Service+Good concept--check out the chalkboard menu in the back about the donationsCons:-Chilly (wear a coat- it's the middle of the coldest winter in Pittsburgh)Anyway, I recommend this place! At least try it out!!
5	This place was absolutely awesome!! Great options for vegetarians and vegans, the entire menu is gluten free. The food was delicious and the prices are very reasonable. Great atmosphere as well. We will definitely be back!
5	Amazing food!  Best I have had in the burg in a long time.  Very affordable, healthy and vegetarian friendly.  Will definitely go back.
2	I really wanted to like this place but it didn't follow through on several levels. Being a vegan,  it seemed like there weren't a ton of options. They had run out of vegan pancake batter (really, on a Saturday morning?) so I got the squash soup and split the pakoras with my dining companions. The pakoras were ok; I couldn't really taste any veggies in them but the chutney trio was tasty.Our waitress seemed to have forgotten about my soup and needed to be reminded about it. When I did get the soup,  it was ok. It really only had one flavor. I also tasted my boyfriend's bean burrito; it was incredibly bland. I have no idea how they could make beans and rice so tasteless. After all this, our total was $33. If the meal had been impressive I wouldn't complain about the price. But for poor service and bland food I was very disappointed.We won't be back.
4	I have been eating gluten free for about two years now, and a place like this is perfect! I can order anything I want. This place gets 4 stars from me just for the fact that it meets my dietary needs. Went for lunch with a half off deal from Facebook (print it out and bring it if you want to use it) but it was empty when we got there around 1. I ordered the vegetable pakora with chutney trio and then I had the garlic and kale crepe, since I read good reviews about it. I really liked it! The cheddar and mushroom crepe was also delicious. They were out of fried pickles when we got there, but the server said they got their shipment in while we were there and they made me a batch to go! Definitely try these!! They also come with a house made sauce that is delicious.I can't wait to try everything!
1	We went here once to dine in and the service was friendly but slow and forgetful, and the fresh salads we got were pretty good and the dessert crepes were delicious.  then we got take out a week or so later and the food was SLOP.  we ordered fries and got greasy undercooked potato strips, the potato in the perogi was undercooked as well and basically inedible and bland.  i could walk here, but i probably won't be back for a while - lawrenceville has a bunch of other places I could go for a good meal!
2	First thing, you can't even read the menu that's written in chalk on the back wall unless you stand 2 feet from it. What would it take to print out a few copies and laminate them? I knew from a previous visit that mixed drinks were weak and expensive. We went during happy hour this time and the only beer special was $1 off an overpriced draft. Had soup, which was pretty good. For $4 they gave us a lot. The $9.50 burrito was not a $9.50 burrito, however. I liked the idea of using a crepe as a burrito shell, but for $9.50 in this city, you should get something on the side. It was lacking and relied on the sour cream and salsa for flavor. The salsa was actually really good. Our bill was over $100 with tip for 6 beers, 2 burritos and 2 soups. If I'm going to spend $100 for a basic dinner out for 2, it has to be better than that. I think the place has potential, but seems to be making it up as they go along right now.
5	I just tried this place for the first time the other day and loved it. Food was amazing and the drinks selection was spectacular and reasonably priced. My girlfriend got a salad and french fries that were both amazing. One of the best salads I have ever had in my life and the french fries were fresh and hand cut. Really great. I got a burrito that wasn't anything too fancy but tasted like some next level Chipotle masterpiece. It was huge too and filled me up after a long day and a skipped lunch. The best part of the entire meal was our server. I forget her name off hand but I'm going to ask for her if we go back. Super nice and attentive and polite. One of the best waitresses I've ever had.
2	we did like Gus's, but our last two visits were poor. Tonight's visit terrible.We didn't get the food or beer we ordered. The pirogi's were tasteless, the dining room cold because the staff left the back door open.The place wan't staffed properly, only one server (who likely was stoned) and had no idea of how to operate the computer ordering system. How do you staff a restaurant like this?We were so happy to have a neighborhood restaurant (and gluten free) open like this, but I'd say one more bad dinner and we will be done.
5	A nice chill atmosphere place. Loved the homemade pickles. We could have eaten a basket of the Indian hush puppies with the trio of chutneys. The best and freshest beet salad with goat cheese. The homemade vegan gnocchi Mac and cheese style were light pillows of cheesy goodness.   I liked the beer selection. Old school to hipster.  We ordered something that we really didn't care for and the waitress, manager and chef could not do more to make it right. We were truly impressed.  We will be back   p.s.  Good daily specials.
4	Eating gluten free, this place is close to perfect. Third time there. The food has been great every time. Belgian fries, chickpea fries, gnocchi, pierogi, pakora, soups, and desserts -- churros, deep fried "oreos," crepes, and  a good brunch menu too. Kids had bananas Foster waffles, blueberry muffins. If you're GF you what a treat all this is, and it tastes great. Anxious to try their burritos next. Really great service too. Attentive, knowledgeable. Good beer list, plenty of crafts, and of course some GF options. A nice addition to the Butler St restaurant scene.
4	I've gone twice now, once for breakfast and once for dinner. I prefer their breakfast options, especially the Salted Caramel Crepe. I would also recommend the Cheese Fries (best fries ever!).My only complaint is the price of beer. Compared to other places (even typically expensive places), this place has a really high priced draft and bottle list. You can get the same beer for a cheaper price pretty much anywhere else.
2	Been here twice so far.  First time owner paid for everything but refused our Groupon, so we went back at least one month later to use our Groupon before it expires.- NOT REALLY A VEGAN FRIENDLY JOINT (yet????)Not very vegan unlike it claims.  Options for vegans when we last went there were: beet side salad, french fries (only one type, other type is made with bacon fat), pickle (seriously? yes the menu points out 'a pickle' as a vegan option).  Lots of opportunities for them to change but this was time #2 we visited Gus' Cafe. The first time they had one vegan appetizer called "pakora" this time they did not.   We talked to the owner of Gus' (George who used to run Harris Grille) last time we went and he assured us the menu at that point was 'a mere preview' and that the restaurant, while open and operating, was 'not really open' and only in 'preview' mode, awaiting their official opening sometime in a few months.  I made lots of suggestions for how with slight tweaks the menu could become a great vegan friendly offering.  (I complained that there were no true entree offerings for vegans, and the Groupon said Vegan Bistro.)  No Vegan hot dog replacements, in a place with 6 hot dog options.No Vegan burger replacements, in a place that has 10 burger options.No Vegan TVP chili replacement.Questionably vegan bread (uses eggs we think, so not vegan).No Vegan entrees except salads made with tofu instead of meat (but dressing for the recommended Veganizable chicken-quinoa salad was made with honey which is not Vegan).- Beer offering was reduced:Flash forward a few months and they 'rebooted' their menu (removing the chickpea pakora appetizer which the chef assured me would be "back next week"), the reboot of their menu looks surprisingly like their old menu.  They got rid of one great beer brand offering, decreasing the local draft brew options significantly.  And they do not seem to get anything from the two local breweries. - Pros: my dinner partner liked the quinoa, and I liked my beef burger, though "medium rare" meant "mostly raw" (medium rare is pink but firm, not pink and then raw center which is termed 'extremely rare' or 'rare').
1	I don't think I've ever been so disappointed in my life. So disappointed, in fact, that I created a yelp account just to warn the world. I brought a friend with celiac here, despite the bad reviews, because celiac. Turns out the only "gluten-free kitchen" in Pittsburgh is a farce. They've changed their menu and are NO LONGER CELIAC-FRIENDLY! If you have a low intolerance and are willing to put your health in someone else's hands, go for it. I myself, would not trust a kitchen to have "little to no cross-contamination" in the service industry, I've worked it for too long. We didn't eat here, obviously, but the place would have gotten a one star review solely for the awful loud club music and the freezing temperatures (it wasn't even that cold out the day we were there).The decor is really odd as well...wobbly tables, concrete floors, exposed server station, somewhat disturbing (yet right up my personal alley) paintings for sale, a large black and white mural that is questionably finished, and weird yellow flowers on the front of the scratched up bar. Looks like it was definitely thrown together at the last minute or for the smallest expense possible, maybe both? There's really no identity to the place and the staff seems totally unprepared, but in the we-aren't-given-the-tools-so-we-give-up sort of way. Defeated, more than unprepared.And the attitude of the servers I can most confidently place upon a large, awkward man claiming to be the owner. He attempted to talk our ears off while my friend drank her gluten-free beer, at least they have a few of those, though most are $9 Belgian imports. Clearly he has no ability to take social cues as we were obviously not interested, yet his approach became no less vehement. It seemed like he was grasping for straws to not let the conversation end. I'm not usually one to be so rude, but the small amount of talking he did manage to force on us made his incompetence immediately evident. Also, I couldn't help but notice that he didn't leave us alone until a different group of women came in for him to pester. Creep status? Probably. He didn't seem so adamant about talking to the men (myself included) and EVERY employee was an attractive female.Will not be back, probably wouldn't have come back even if we could eat. The atmosphere, or lack thereof, and abrasive owner were waaaaay too much of a turn-off to make anything worth it.
5	Awesome place!  Closest thing Pittsburgh has to a non-pretentious pre-gentrified Williamsburg BK type spot that has a great outdoor patio on the way!
4	Food is phenomenal, draft and bottle selection stellar, cool and funky vibe without being too hipster, prices extremely reasonable. Owner is very sweet and dedicated, been in the restaurant business for awhile.. It's a new joint, trying to find it's groove. Cue the updated review in 12 months "it's overrun with hipsters and reeks of pot and incense!"Seriously, places that are this cool never stay nonjudgemental. Pretty soon it will be about your karma and way of life.So go here if you like good healthy food in a fun atmosphere. And wait 12 months if your shitzu takes anti anxiety medication and you're a vegan - for ethical purposes, of course.
3	Decent beer selection and atmosphere. Very nice server who took the time to explain things to us and check on us (and let my friend and I gossip at the table without ordering more food or drinks after dinner).With gluten free options I would have expected more vegetarian options. I got a grilled cheese and fries that were average.
3	This pains me to do, only two stars. I mean it, I like Gus'. Good beer selection, atmosphere, classic arcade game in the back. It is an enjoyable place. I have been there a handful of times and genuinely enjoyed myself. But, it still deserves this review.Got the Heisenburger, fries and pickles last night with friends. It was equal parts interesting and unappetizing. The pickles were, as always, on point. The sauce (buttermilk something or other I think) was pretty weak and a little bland. Otherwise, well done.The burger was a failure. Asked for medium and got something north of well done. The peppercorn was more than scorched and the meat itself had the rich color of mortar. At times I enjoyed the interaction the blue cheese had with the caramelized onions, but by and large this was a swing and a miss.Fries were good as always. The aioli was spot on and the salty greasiness of the taters is the stuff of boardwalk dreams . All in all, I am being a little hard on Gus'. I think upon further review it deserves a three. Damn those delicious pickles!
4	I went here for brunch with a friend on the most beautiful day of the year so far. I was so happy to see that they had a great outdoor patio area to sit in.  The waitress was absolutely amazing, and I was pleasantly surprised at the extensive beer list (yes, I drank a beer at brunch- no judgements). My friend and I started out with the amazingly good and huge plate of tachos- tater tots and nachos topped with cheese, jalapeno peppers and green salsa. Who could not like that? I also got the breakfast sandwich, which came with eggs, cheese, tomatoes, and the waitress said I could put anything else on it- so of course I added avocados.  And it was incredible! I'm really glad that my Groupon that I bought sent me here, because I will definitely be coming back a few times this summer.
5	I have celiac disease and I am extremely sensitive to cross contamination. Because of that I rarely go out to eat.  My gluten sensitive daughter took me to Gus' Cafe for brunch. While the food took a little while to prepare, once it came out it was obvious that is was made from scratch. The gluten free caramel apple waffles were crispy and moist. The cinnamon caramel apples were fresh and delicious.  It was well worth the wait!  No corners were cut. My daughter's dish was also perfect and delicious. All the food was piping hot and the service was good. I will make the 70 minute drive to return often and I will bring my gluten-loving husband with me. There were many very intriguing non-GF dishes available as well. Ten thumbs up!
1	HOW can gus's cafe be considered vegan-/vegetarian-/gluten-free friendly?  i made a reservation for 9 vegan/vegetarians, so they were well aware that we were coming.  the menu had a VERY limited selection of vegan/vegetarian options, and the front of the  menu stated that they no longer were gluten-free friendly or something to that effect.  the service was extremely slow.  i had to ask for menus for everyone, and the waitress seemed surprised we were eating - apparently she just  thought we were there to drink - even though we had a reservation.  there were no veggie burgers listed on the menu, so i asked if they had them, and the waitress said that yes, although they did have them (why aren't they listed on the menu????), there were only 3 left!  that left 6 of us scrambling to find something else on the menu, which was not easy, as there were VERY few options for vegans/vegetarians.  this experience was a dud from the time that we arrived until the time that we left.  i have a groupon for this place, which i plan to give to someone, as i'll never return!DEANA M:  when a restaurant is touted in the pittsburgh post-gazette and the tribune-review as being vegan/vegetarian/gluten-free friendly, that's what they should be.  the articles were geared specifically for that purpose.  gus's is none of those and, therefore, deserves my one-star review.
5	This place is delicious. The tachos make my life, also deana was awesome and very knowledgeable about the menu and ingredients. Can't wait to come back.
1	Wow, I don't I've ever given a negative review but I believe this warrants one. First off my meal came out 5 min before the rest if my party, then the fact that I ordered the n@ burger and came out with just cheese and avocado.  After I questioned the server, it took another 15 min to get the correct burger. After I had to choke down my meal to catch up with the rear of my party there was no compensation for any sort of inconvenience. This meal was completely unacceptable and very disappointing
2	I went to Gus's once and haven't been back. There was loud electronic music playing the whole time, so it was really hard to talk. I had the sloppy joe, which was good, but overpriced seeing that no side came with it. Just a really weird experience.
1	What the hell is up with this place? Gave it yet another try and this time it was kind of scary. Our server should not be waiting tables or working around food period. The food is overpriced and just not good. All sauces were watered down and tasteless. We don't need 100 tater tots and watery toppings. How about 1/3 of the amount with quality toppings? I feel for whoever is losing money on this venture, but it's obviously time to bring in someone with a clear vision to save this place.
5	We went to Gus's with a few friends. Got a chance to talk to the owner George, he is a real nice guy.  Bartenders and wait staff are very attentive. We got to try a few items on the menu.  Their grilled chicken wings are awesome, flavorful and juicy.  I believe they brine their wings.  Beet salad, tachos, burgers and French fries are great as well.  We do feel that chairs could be a bit more comfy though. We will definitely come back!
1	The food is DISGUSTING and I would never patronize a place that treats its employees so horribly.  Does not deserve my business or yours.  Stay.  Away.
3	I've eaten here twice... they've changed their menu atleast 3 times since then.First time - Cali burrito/samosa's/churro type thing/crepes-- it was all AMAZINGSecond time - Spicy Cajun wings/Fried Pickles/Deep Fried Chickpeas -- these are perfection and I've never wanted anything more than I want these right now.  Both of these are off the menu... looks like I'll have to make another trip...in order to be fair.  This place is on the right track to becoming a very popular destination in Lville.
4	I have had varying experiences here.  I have had two 5 star experiences where the food was great and service was great.  But one time we had a waitress who-in a rude way- accused us of having fake ID's (we didn't, and proved otherwise).  I'm trying not to let this one bad experience spoil my opinion of Gus's though because again, the food is great, and I like the outdoor seating. They have a few things that they need to work out, but I see some good potential.
2	Came here tonight for the first time. I probably won't be coming back. Service was slow-a total of an hour for food to come out. It was understaffed. Don't waste your time.
2	I've been to Gus's twice so far, unfortunately I didn't make it there when they had more interesting things on their menu such as crepes, etc. The first time I was there I had fish taco's which were ok, they seemed to have a lot of flavorful ingredients in them, but somehow they didn't have very much flavor. My boyfriend enjoyed his burger and fries though. The second time I returned, (about a month later) the menu had changed and so the only items on the menu were burgers and hot dogs (aside from the apps). Even the salads had burger meat in them. I'm not sure what is going on with the menu changes, but I was really disappointed because I wanted more options other than burgers. I would not have gone in had I known that's all they had. I ordered the Cowabunga burger since my options were limited. I was not asked how I wanted it cooked, neither was my boyfriend who also got a burger. The prices were also kind of steep considering it's $10 and all you are getting is a burger with no side. When my burger arrived it was cooked more than my liking, and it also lacked flavor, which was weird again, considering the toppings (pineapple, etc). The avocado slices on top of it were also turning brown. It was not horrible, but disappointing, and there are much better places to get burgers in the city.
4	OK, Gus' has def grown on me.I've been a loyal patron of Gus' since their opening and have seen and experienced their growing pains.  I'm glad I waited till now to review, though, b/c I think Gus' has found their identity and the kinks are worked out.The vibe is for-sure hipster, and the staff are warm & friendly (esp my fav bartender Victoria!).  The beer selection is solid, offering around 10 different draft options and many bottles to choose from.  And if you like PBR (or just want to get drunk on the cheap), they have two can options and two different size draft options at $1.50 and $2, respectively.  Drafts (except for PBR since it's already so damn cheap) are half off for happy hour, 4-6 pm.  If the weather cooperates, enjoy that PBR on their roomy outdoor patio.Oh those tachos (tator tots served like nachos) - yum!  Soo good, esp the handmade salsa served on the side.  Get the yogurt to go with them for the small upcharge - really adds to the dish.  They give you a whole hell of a lot of tots, plan to share with 2-3 of your friends.  Since you have already indulged, go ahead and treat yo-self to the fried oreos.  Heavenly!I'd be remiss if you I didn't tell you about the burgers.  Gus' serves grass-fed beef burgers at a very reasonable price, esp if you come on Tuesday for half off all burgers!  This is worth repeating - HALF OFF GRASS-FED BURGERS, PEOPLE!  Lots of unique options, too, inc a Waffle Bacon Burger and Gyro Burger.  Food is served until 930pm weekdays, 1030pm on weekends.Gus's is cash only, and they do have an ATM on-site to ease that burden on you.Check their social media often for different specials, discounts, and events.
2	I have no idea what is going on here.  Go somewhere else for you veggie/vegan needs.  This place seemed promising, too.
2	one word:subpar [suhb-pahr]adjective  1. below an average, usual, or normal level, quality, or the like; below par: "This place and its food are subpar."I have high hopes for this place. I will try it again. next time I hope the bartender gets off her phone long enough to serve us drinks when we need them (being paying customers and everything).
4	Last Friday I stopped into Gus' Cafe for a quick last minute drink.  Fell in love with their back patio and stopped back Tuesday (9/30/14).  Turns out it was half off burger night. If you know me you know that I typically have one burger per year and I'm glad I chose that designation for this one.  While the Heisenburger wasn't up to the level of Walter White's namesake it still was pretty good, the onions were caramelized perfectly and the bun tasted like it was just baked.Added a side of belgian fries though I wouldn't call it a side by any means - the tray could feed a small army.  The fries were amazing and not like anything I have ever had though the aioli on the side lacked anything resembling flavor.My friend I was with opted for the hummus and enjoyed that as well.Being that it is in Lawrenceville where you better be on point with your beer selection Gus' Cafe didn't disappoint on that end either.While it seems like Gus' Cafe could add a few servers to the roster I must say the server we had went above and beyond.  As I mentioned I wanted to sit on the patio.  Now the twinkling lights must have clouded my judgement because we knew it was most likely going to rain.  Well the umbrella didn't suffice once the downpour came.  After making a break for indoors I must say it was beyond kind that the server offered to go outside to attempt to bring in our remaining food.  We of course declined, but the offer was appreciated.Every 'hood needs the neighborhood place that is a step above the typical neighborhood hangout and Gus' Cafe provides that.
4	Really nice place. Great easy parking great walking in area. Right across street from the cemetery on butler street. I wish I had come here earlier.
3	It had been quite some time since we last went to Gus's cafe, and it's definitely changed quite a bit. I was a big fan of the place when it first opened. Despite not having any dietary restrictions, myself, I found their fully gluten-free menu to be excellent. The gluten-free wraps they used in their burritos were awesome (think crepe texture), and the food tasted fresh and delicious!We had heard that the menu approach changed a while back, but only recently returned to find that Gus's is essentially a burger bar now. They've got burgers of all types...a list crazy enough to fit the plethora of dietary restrictions, both forced and chosen, of nearly any customer who stops in. Unfortunately, I wasn't feeling very adventurous on our latest visit, so I can't speak to any of the more interesting options, but the plain burger was decent. The burger, itself, was pretty basic, but nicely cooked. Oddly enough, the waitress didn't ask me how I wanted it prepared. The burger came out more on the well done side, which isn't my preference, but since I hadn't made a request on doneness and it wasn't too dried out, I opted to enjoy as-is. Overall, the burger reminded me of a Fuddrucker's patty (that's actually a compliment, btw). The kaiser bun was huge, and really overwhelmed such a basic burger (lettuce, tomato, onion, and American cheese). We requested to not have the buns toasted, but I'd probably recommend toasting next time to maybe help the dryness of the buns a bit. Regardless, I would get the plain burger again. With some minor adjustments to my order, it would be a really good burger.Be warned that a side of fries is pretty big. We each got a side of fries, and immediately realized when they arrived that a single order would've been enough for two. I would also recommend their full wings. They're not fried, which is a nice change, and they were really meaty. $1.50/wing might initially sound expensive for a wing, but your perception will change when they're delivered to the table. My wife got two wings and that was plenty for her.The service was good, our waitress was attentive, and the food came out quickly. The atmosphere is sort of a cross between Double Wide and a dive bar. It's clean, very open, and well lit, despite a lack of window light. They have a nice outdoor area on the side, and a few tables out front (obviously not applicable this time of year), but it would definitely make a decent spot in the warmer months. While I missed the availability of some of the original menu items on our last visit, I did find their menu intriguing enough to want to go back next time I'm in the mood for a burger.
3	Now that this is a burger place, I have to change my review. This place still seems pretty safe for celiac people, but it's a bummer that they changed it.The toppings on the burgers all seem pretty good, but I've ordered a burger from here four times now (Medium or medium rare) and it's been well done every time.The staff here is friendly and helpful, but I really wish they would comp me more since my food is never right. Despite it's faults, I still like this place and want it to succeed, so I'll continue to support them.
4	I really liked the vibe at Gus's. It's a good location and has a good tap list and bottle selection.I had the daily vegan special which was a spicy burrito and delicious!  Our table opted to split an order of the fries and it took 5 of us to finish it. I wish there were more vegan/vegetarian items. Overall, great food and atmosphere.
4	Gus' Cafe offers decent bar food with an equally decent selection for the non-meat eater. The food reminds me of something I would make if I were super stoned, or something I would cook by myself in order to hide my shame ( tachos!).Our service was great, very fast and attentive. Drink selection was good as well. Extra points for consistently playing good instrumental and electronic music, as well as for the super creepy killer clown painting that was hanging above our booth.
5	Last night we went to Gus's for dinner.  My boyfriend was given a Groupon from his employer for 2 hamburgers and 2 french fries.  My girlfriend also went with us.  So here is our order.....fried pickles, whole wings and the 3 burgers and fries..First of all, we had the BEST waitress LIZ who was wonderful.  She told us all about the menu and was very personable.  The pickles were fantastic.  The batter was sooo good, just as previous posts have said.  The wings were big and delicious.  By this time, we were so filled from the appetizers, we had little room for the burgers.  My boyfriend ate half of his and he said it was delicious too.  Me and my girlfriend ordered a make your own burger which was so big.  We only had a little taste and then took the rest home for lunch today.  As I am eating it now, you can tell the ground meat is fresh and tasty.  The bacon on it is not your ordinary bacon in the package from the store.  It is thick and plentiful.  The carmalized onions really make the burger.  If you would love a great burger, great service just go to Gus's and ask for Liz!  She is the best and the food was top notch!  We will be back!!!!
4	Just a quick review today...Visited last night for a few beers and some burgers.  The good- the menu was very clear, easy to read, everything labeled as GF or not, vegan or not, etc...  There were plenty of options for everyone without feeling that it was strictly a vegan restaurant.  We ordered burgers & an order of tater tots.  The burgers were cooked to perfection, just the way we ordered them.  The pickled cabbage that came with them were just a nice little touch to add to the palate.  The tots arrived a little later and were rather 'pale'.  We requested them to be fried a little more and the chef obliged but we knew the tots would end up a little greasy.  They came back mostly brown and fully cooked but I can't help but think if they were left to cook the first the first time- they would have been perfect.  The only thing I was disappointed about was the ketchup.  It tasted a little sour like it had been left out over & over.  I didn't mention this to the bartender but should have.  All in all- it was very good visit and we will be back to Gus's in the future...  :)
3	On Mondays, Gus's entire menu is half-off. Yes, you read that correctly. That, combined with their half-off drafts for happy hour, made me more than willing to pig out a little.However, my pig out wasn't all that satisfying. My threesome ordered the tachos (tater tots with cheese, jalepenos, and salsa), fries with cheese and bacon, the salmon burger special, and a custom veggie burger.Gus's menu states "Your food is being made from scratch, so be patient!" I fear that this may actually be Gus's gastronomic downfall, as the tastiness of their food varies wildly each time that I visit. This time, the tots were under-cooked and the cheese sauce somehow managed to be much more of a texture than a taste. For junk food, it sure was bland. The salmon burger was nowhere near as scrumptious as last time, and the veggie burger came with some of the ugliest, palest slices of tomato I've ever seen.That being said, Gus's food still has an opportunity to catch its' stride. With a little tweaking, increased consistency, and a touch of pizzazz, this could be a great, affordable burger joint.Where Gus's gains its stars is in its beer selection. With delicious heavy hitters such as Delirium Tremens, Atwater Vanilla Java Porter, and Franziskaner on tap, I love stopping in here for a brew. Their bottle selection is pretty great too.Come on, Gus's, I have faith!! If you need some consulting from a neighbor, give me a call. :)
