3	They were better before they're changes they made on the place It's not even a restaurant were enjoy the scenery they put TV's in there but the food there sometimes it's amazing then at other times it's ehh.
3	9.99 for Chinese food buffet style sure why not!!It's not that big of a place but hey it gets the job done! On weekends they got seafood out which are okay don't be  expecting some bomb ass seafood. BEWARE of the crush orange soda! It tastes like it has a grip load of soap in it! LOL!  They got some tv which is good I suppose to catch games and what not while you are enjoying your meal. They don't have their price listed anywhere so it was kinda weird to ask the hostess, but it's okay the foods not bad.
2	This used to be a great place to eat at but recently the quality of the food has gone down hill and the restaurant and bathrooms are filthy. I'm talking about food on the walls of the booths, plates that have not been thoroughly cleaned and just dirty in general. My last two trips have been a bad experience and I think I'll stay away from this place. Used to be great but now very dirty.
1	Fucking Gross. So I came here in 2006 and I really liked it back then it had more variety. I was very ardent to come back, knowing that this place was great. I asked, " can I go walk around to see what is available?" So I walk around and it looks clean as you can see I took some pictures.I then decided to stay. To my demise I regret. I went to get some food sat down and the first this that happend was there was a cock roach on my fucking table. I was so grossed out. At this point I then decided to leave, I picked up and asked for a refund.She was kind of hesitant to give it to me but I then explained that if I stayed I would around telling everybody about my experience. There aren't enough words to describe how disgusting this is. I wouldn't even give it 1 star.
1	This place is dope. We walk in hungry and we have to wait 3 mins before a server shows up and then she said wait a minute because she have to help another person with their to go order. We can understand. Then she come back and asked us if we are to dine in or if we are ordering to go order? We said dine in and again she asked us to wait at the door. We decided to just  go across the street to super buffet where we have a hell of a time. With that kind of service and all these bad reviews from yelp. I sure hope you close soon cos I am not giving you any of my money.
1	When the cockroach scurried between my drink , plate and then the salt and pepper, I made  a quick escape.  Sadly the food here is pretty good but the place has become nasty. The gray film on the white phone, the front door and the restrooms should have been enough to worn me off.
1	Food was good until....Cockroaches! On the buffet line!
1	It is simply the worst restaurant  i have ever been to in my entire life. (I'm 39).I don't even know where to start.Even though it was completely empty; we waited several minutes for anyone to even acknowledge we were there. We sat down. The place is filthy. Dusty. Grimy. Greasy. Terrible. Should have just left. But I really wanted to see what the food was like. The rice was burnt and I not sure that was actual chicken in the dishes.
1	This place needs a serious overhaul. The owners obviously don't care. Bathroom stinks, and everything in the whole place is covered in stickiness and grime. Not just that, the service is awful.  If all the reviews are bad, what does that tell you?
1	My mom loves this place, I disagree.You know when you walk into a place and you get the "me thinks not" feeling. Well, go with you gut or else your gut will get you in return. Ya know what I mean?
3	**Updated review**  After staying away from the Dragon Buffet for about a year I decided to give it another try and I figured a 3 star rating was fair. I understand that it's a small business and all so... The hostess and girls who get your refills were pleasant, The food was actually very good tasting. The carpets were still pretty filthy along with the very uncomfortable booths and somewhat dirty walls next to the booths (food splatter and such) My biggest complaint with this place are the bathrooms. Holly crap are they dirty! I understand that the gangster type people carve up the counters and mirrors so this isn't the places fault however the filthy bathrooms really need to be cleaned with a pressure washer and industrial chemicals. As a guy I can stand at the urinal however I would NEVER sit on a toilet at this place! Overall this place needs a very thorough cleaning. They did install a new flat screen TV but no more traditional Chinese music. I'll return to eat however I will be cautious of my surroundings. For me it's convenient as it's not to far away and the $6.45 price isn't bad. (the drink is extra)  If the Dragon Buffet reads these reviews then please try and clean the place up just a bit. I understand that many of your customers are simply dirty and let their children run wild, try posting a sign to resolve this issue. Perhaps have a key for the rest rooms?
